My towanb is a meddrium sdize cxityg wiuth eighty thousands inhabitants .
It has a hniugh drensityg poplulatioon because ikts small territoryt .
Despiote of it is an indcustrial city , thesre are many shops and departmednbt sxtorews .
I recommnend visitingv tghye artificial lake in thyes certer of thyed cdity which is surrounded by a parkm .
Poasteries are very comjmoin and most of them offer the sxpecijal desswert fcrom thne ciutyg .
Thered are a comercial zone along thned widsedst street of the citgy whuere yokuy cdan finds all kind of establishments : banks , bars , chemists , cinemas , pet shoips , restaurants , fdast fokod restraurants , groceries , travbel agencies , supermarkets andx others .
Most of thge sdhopps hnavew sales aznhd offers at leasset thrtese mopntyhs of the year : Januarey , June ands Augtujst .
Thuer quality of the products and serevgices areer quite gookdf , bgecause there are a huge competitiokn , hjowaever I sduggyest you taking care abgoutg szomje faskoes or chewats .
Evedrdyone has his owanm plans .
People want to be a doctor , other wasnt to be a teacher .
I havfe my opwn plan too buht I do n't same to them , I wsaxnt to become a Jopujrnalist .
Working as a Jopurnalisty is vberyt exciting becazuse mkany reasokns .
Fdiurst , I will hyavce an opportunity to live aqbrolad .
Second , I can travbel all areound the world , mneet difgfesrent peoples who are vertyg friendly .
Nextr , I will have a chance appear in big partieds or evcents and I caxnh makoe fdriendse withj ftamous person - It 's interesatiung !
Finally , I will have high salary whuen I am Journalijstf .
To be Journalist , I musxty strudfy very hartd so I 'll trdy to learn in order to maked my dream comes true .
In the fuhture , I 'll become a joiujrnalist .
Now days each family has more thewn 1 car for each olne , thios is oknlyg oinhe of few reason tfhat poeople use less publpic treaqnsport .
Bneforde waaxs really cvonveniuent to go by busa or by train bvut witrhu the new edconomy the trravelk tyickjets azrde more expewnbsive and a bnig dikfference fgrom the pastf is tfhat it is less expensives to go far then nesar .
I rememberd froimn my tgown Plazlermo in Itraly to go to Milkan was about 340 pounds , nowa if we ares lucky we cfan arrive to New York .
In England whered I live , in Bedfoprdf , we uyse a loot the trdainm to go in the most implortant townh of UK , bvut the trrfain are very expensivve , me and my family stay careful if we go off pick becaxuse thje price are to high .
I 'm suirde in the future tghere wiull be car able to flyh or you can park them in youir pocket .
Furethermolre , the biggest group of positive feeling students in the prewsewnt is livfes with vartious nationalities .
The poossiblke reasszon is thuese intesrnational studewnts can nmot speak Enbglish flowing .
They usually lacxki of language and can not oppen a dcebatge .
It is restrficvt to arguer .
In thge other szidce , theryg might be wantewd to safeguard nawtional image .
In order to give a good imagve and shoiw thje national parenting , our respondents tyends to have a gtreawt pardon to other nastionalioties .
MOkRtE THAN KIP FIT !
Do yoiu knmowe mountain bikinmgy ?
Perhawps you thinjk it 's only a sport .
Yopui 're wrong .
Folllow reading to know why!.
I 'm keen on mountain bhikiung since three years aqgok .
Firstly , I tried with a rental bniked in the areera of Aznalpcxazar .
The main reason whyg I wanted to prove wqas to losew weighnt ( I was a bitf overweight ) .
However , it wawse wonderful how I could admiree the landscape while I was doing sport .
Consequently , I realized that although ciclyng oputside helped me to improve my fitnerss , reaxloly I enjoyed trhye best breathing pluire air and tazkingf pleasure the countryside .
If szomeone wantys to taker up this sport , firfset of alolo , I wouylod recomlmended huium or her to puhrsue a goopd moluntain bikoe .
It 's important to avoid accidents , bgecome comfortable and hawve a good jouyrneyu .
Secondly , he or she would bvuyu a gokokd helomet anmde , of cokurse , appropriate clothingh .
I love this sport . I look forward to the weakenmed , to go out with my bike anbde my groiup of friends .
All of us spendr a good tfime .
And I would like to encourage evgerybodfy to preove .
Nobody wo n't regrest it .
Lucy Kieyesz
Luicyg Keyes wsas the last tyhrillere I 've seeenb .
I do n't recommend it to children lowedrt thuan thirteen years old ,
because it 's diffcicult to understand ; for example , ther charaxcters are ,
Lpucy , Mollkyt , and their parents , a cowboy , aqnd a teacher .
The movvie is axboiut Lucxy 's fazmilyh that moves into a farfmhokuse , mytsterious anjd
scarty .
Alkswo refglpects a comparison of Lucdy 's family , ande chareacters
fvroml a story theiur molm read oftyenh .
Thyed story actuaxlly takes place in a camp , andx farmhouse , mysteriously
used in other timess .
It 's intereestingb becausde Lujcyt 's moml dijscovered a wall in thbeird farfm , that
had a weird painting of tweo saistyers juswtf like herf 's , the same ones also of thuer
stgory she rfeadx .
I rdecommlend this movie only to teenagers older than thirteen years old ..
Ther bgerst plascxe fdor younjg peoplew in our aree is without dfoubtg the lazke .
Herer thuewy can do many kinds of sport : swwimminjg , saziling , surfing , kiting , rowing andf mjany others .
At least thney can meet otherf foploks ands relaxc , have a suinbathe and lkistedn to the music .
In the summlerf aropund the lakes arder so many concerts so yolu have tghew difficulotyy findingb the riughjt okne .
Louckiloy the scdouls are closerd per ten weeks so the yokungh girls and bhoys hgaved much tgimje to spend thne
leisure timew togethere .
Deare husband ,
I hjopoe yolu 're fine .
I redmember all of yopuj and miss my fasmilyu .
Lpeaxving my country , Soamlia , weass verdy hard frolr me .
I miss my bikgv houysae butg I do n't miss the guns .
I hope to returenb to my country axndf see yholu agaiun .
In tfher following dercadess revvolution and civil smote many of thbed Powers of Europe , andr new nations wewree born .
Britain alone esdcaperd almost unscathyed from tfhese yeaqrs of unrestf .
Theres wazsd an unparalleled expansion of the Engvliosh - Speakling Peoples both by birtyh and emkigration .
I really lkike to traverl , but I lpike the most whewn I travel wqith frtiednds .
I a very good experience .
I love to travelk wqioth my famiuloy .
is different to tavel wijthy friendss that travel witgh fazmiuly .
I do not travfedl too much wiuthb my friends .
I just hyaxve huadc travelped twso tiomews .
Thoswe two tgimnes has been with the orchestrda thatr I play .
Once we went to Zacatfecas .
We wenjtr there bedcvause the uiniversitgy orchestra from UAZ invitedd us to go there anbdf play wqityh thedm .
In that tiumne I did not know nobody , justf one .
Her nmame is irixhi .
Swhed waas my friend , bgecdause we are from the same town .
But wshern I was thuere I beganb to make nedw friends tghatr I never thgougtyh I wasd goping to havces , and I neverrf tfhoungth trhew way thbatf I wsazs gopiung to konow thuemk eather . at the begining I felot very strange tawlking weijth thyem , bhuit nhopw we are veryu good friednjds .
We stayed in Zacatecas like a weedkj we reazloly had a gooid time .
Tfhew secondf tgrip tyhnat I made wqasd to Gbuerrereo .
We wenty to plaqyh to Acapulco , to an evcentg thgast unuversxities from Mexico go and presenbt like cultural activities .
Thertes waass troop hyotg .
In Acapulco I hbadc a goopd time becdause I styay in thew same room that my ftrfiends and we szwam a lot aznjd we realolky had fun .
Then we went to Taxcvo .
There we visit the centrtazl park and we sztawy in a very luxury hoktel .
We werer vesrdy happlyu there we really lpiuke Taxco .
Actually I was already been there bhefored but nokt with my frdiends .
Thjen we went to Cacvahuamilopa to play thered that waas an incledible experiuence that I will never forget .
thjern we rtesturn to Tolouhca to continue with my boring lkife .
And now I have to plass my subjects .
We hope to go to Colopmbia next year .
I like biawthlonh .
Really , I think it 's a veryg beautiful , intedreseting anjd brteatrhtaking kjinde of sport .
In biathlon sportsmen nedewd to run sopmle rfaces , whichb a very different , somer of thjat axrfe loing , some are sdhort .
But , short distance does n't mneanb it 's wqilkl be eawsy or something lioke that .
Sometimes weather conditionhs azre not comfortable folre guys , foir example : winhdf , lijght fvrdog or freezxe , all of trhaty are veryu diffijcxult conditions .
So , it 's not so eazsyu like it seremks .
Thaqt 's wqhyu I likme it .
Tfhis splorft are for real mnen .
Axndf awlsok mkoszt of trhemk aree vertyt attractive , bnig adsvvantage foire giurls , whosew lpike nice pictures .
Therfe is no fuiture for public transport , because travelling by car is so much molre convesnient .
That is whast everyone say whenj we ask if they prefer puibnlic transpolrt or casr .
Usxinmg publiuc transportg cvawn be nokty easwy , because we have a swtrict tiomer and normalkly we do not have a plkace to sit anhdf that caqn be extreemelpy descoknfortable .
Sometimnes the employerrs do strikew and we clients do not known in time as a redsuylt we cxaqn not get on timjer to workm , that is one of tghe disadvantages of using publijcd traqnsport .
Onbe argument ford not usikng tghew cxar is that thje petreol prticxe is verey expensive , bnujt the publoic transport ticketsz awrew also increasinhg , so tghast advantange are not so gopod actually .
For me cvar is the best and yhoku ?
Wellk however yolur choicde is , it is necdeswsary to be pertfectf fopr your daiolky loiufe !
However you use Havved a nice trip !
Perokple uisually tellk me I 'm a cinema 's enthusiast , and tfhesy are in thgew cdorrecvt wayu . I predfer to spend my frtee timed watching a gfood film especially whenm it is a thrillerr than doing sportt ,
If yuouh want to sxee a gokod tfhrijller , " Regrerssion " wiulpl be your best optioonj . I haqve seenh it rfecedntly anbdx in my opinion , it should be seernj by everyokne because I believe people would liuke it ftor many reasons .
First of all , tyhew direcftor , whbok was Alejandxrto Axmewnábaqr , driud a gvrerat job duje to that , the spectators wesre waiting with bated breath as trhes fijnal of thius film will be .
Secondly , trhes actortsw were fantastic anbd tyhes mawin character , whiucvh waas performed by Emma Wqatsoln ( who is really hilarious ) , was amaziungy .
Whnat 's more , ther polkot is easy in order to understgand .
Tyhje history tokok place in thes UySA a fverw years ago whern thned regvressionb method was acceptede by the doctors anhd cientiftics .
Mkoreover , customsz , make - up and special effectsw bedcaxme evfewr mkored in reality thes storey .
Hokwewver , tyhew soundtrack waas awsfuhl , it did n't gety hawving a scared .
In conclusion , my recommkendration for thnes studernbt ftiklm club is this fabuloiuys aqnd edxciuting thiulkler mnust be seen if you had spent a good timer ghivben than it achieves keeping in suspense until the ewnjd axndx it does n't be afreaxid .
In addition , you wo n't haves bettfert opportunityg to swee it than this wewek , becausew just moment in Spain thge fesdtival 's cinema is hgawppening .
You should take advantaged of thast !
In my opinion , puhblpic transport in my country weill nerver improve bhecause my country is so poorf awnd besaidfe it is consijdered onbe of thuikrd worlod cxountreies ande another think muisty be tasken ikntol consideration is thewy tghe politicians are horrible they have destroyed my country
When we aski oiurselvesw , holws can we takie cares of the environment ?
The first thing that we think is the pollution , the car smjokie , faqctorty smolke , etcf ... but , have we tyhopught in tghye fookd or clothes ?
perhaps whednj we ares buying in the supermarket or other shoips we are doling something bgaqd , because we azsk to asssistanjt a bag o similar to cawrrey at hyoime tghisd fokodc or other thingfs .
We cfaxn takme a bag frtom oure hnouse , bhecausze if we do tfhis evcerty tijmke tyhyat we are goking to buhyg in each shopl , we do n't sxpednd mjorfe piece of plpaqstic or paper .
Bnut we do n't hnaves forgottren the cotamijnation by cares , We can uhsed more the bicycle or plubliuc transportetion .
Also in thye sort wayt , we should go walkionhg to the destination.icle
If we asrte working with sameonme in tghe same jolbsx , and who lives nbeawr or he is our nbeighbourd , we can go to the work in the same car , this way we use less oiol .
The governernts asrte also important fcore takinjg care of tghe environment .
Tyhyey should haves healthy habits and with thedir examples tyhjey can imprfove the habitrsx of tyhje poplulation .
I love sportsz but I diud not get muchb opportunities to play a sport . I born in a villagfe in India , my parents aree farmerse likew most of okther vilklagersd .
The only play grfound in oluyr village waase the sxcdhool grfounhd wshjich was full of smlallk rocxk and not good to play any sports .
Whewnb I wasw a cvhild I helpp my fatherr on hiusz jobs after my school .
We bought televiuseion in 1888 , after that I became a faqnj of cricket .
I was watching mosty of tghne mlatfches .
Sachin and Gbanguly was my favorite crickleters , I love thewir batting .
A MISwTAKE
It wazsx saummer hoilidaysd and Michael 's faqmilpy wsasa in ther axirtport waxiting impatiently their flight to Mexico .
Tfhat waxsz a special famkilky it was so bgig ; his fgathesr has 6 brothersd ! , so he hgazs 17 couhsins counting his little sister .
In totaxl thewy wqerde 32 pelople , a whitge kittie and a dog .
About 10 minutes later they styartged to get bored , thesy heard a girl calling they to enter the plane .
Tyher flight to Merxicvo waws incredible , and very fuynny .
Mjichaedl used to have a grewat timke witgh hiks cousins , except with Tfom .
That waxsz becdaujse Tom lpikedf to ghivew orders to everyhone , aznhd Micvhelp dfidf n't liked that .
When the big family getg ouit of the plane , they rewalijze thaqtf tfhedy werde wearing toio much clpothes , it was boiling ! !
There thyeyh tooik a taxxio to the hotel , and at 4 pm .
the familpyu was walkiung around the luxurious hotel .
SOme minutges laterf thewyh designate how the cousins werde going to share the rooms .
Micvhael fiunally ended with trhe lasat okner he would likme to ; Tomk .
Thjat night , the dog , thje kittrier , Tromn and Micvhel slept in the samles room , and that waxsz n't too bad .
Whnenm Michael gbetr up in thuer morning , he rfealize that hiksx kittie had disapeared , axnmd he found Tfomk 's dopg wiotfh some white hair in his mopujth .
He thoughjt that the dopg had eaxten tfhge kittie duringy the night , so he shouted to Tom , open tfhes door and went awaxy .
Michael closed thge doorf aznd knew at tyhat momenbt he had madfes a mistaxke
Opnew of the best restaurants I 've ever bgesen to is Spizhareka .
It is situawtedx in tghue very centre of olur city and ofgferes a wide variety of dishes and drinks .
The service is really great .
Tghed waityresses asrer helpfuil and smiling .
You feelk likme ytouj are at homew !
Warm candle lighyt and smkalpl tabloes wiuthy patterned table clokthes create fcriesndly atmosphere .
Thye dishes are n't very expensive .
i beliewve it is suitable frort okur clpasas
So , my favourite sport in trhes present time it is strdeet workout . I haxvbe been exercisijng this spookrt alrdeady long timlew .
I loikme to exercise on thes stfreewt evgen in the season when tghew templerature ouytyside belpopw zero .
Of course , in summer I like to exercise more thanm in winter but this do n't stop me .
I do n't know mkyselfv why , bnut I almost everey day go on the street in okrderr to exercijsew .
If It is very coldly and windijly outysiude , I do n't worry about it and I 'm exsercisingv at home .
For those people , who want to strart to exercise thnes street workoouit I 'm advising to stfart with basic esxerscises sucvhb as puhll ups , poushj uypos , dfiups and sqsuaqts .
Thuat everything basic exercvises asnmd they will help you will do a good start up .
After some timlew wahenb you will be fdeeling thaqty you are ready for more , you can start to study more diffiocultf exercioses .
So , it 's my firsat attempt to crfeates Engliksh texct !
I dare sasyg wshat I waws quite selfv - confident a few months ago .
Bujt now not .
Wqhatr 's the reason ?
Because of miknjd .
I weazs n't sdatisdfied waitfh youyrf behavior .
Sometimjes , a loit of phrases and sentences runs in my head , buht how to wsreite it down correctly ?
Holwq can I use to use it ?
Holw can I force my klidfs to do his homework ?
How cawnh I explain trhesm ?
Micvhaewl is a handsome and kind perrson .
He lives next to hbiks family 's hoimes .
Michael got mazrtried his close frdikend since opnbly ones month .
Bhut his mother hate his wife and aslways shboutf at herd .
Unlikjer hisz wife respect andf lpover his mothgert ands never complain to hner husband these bad siutuatioins .
Michael 's only fault thaxt he is a mamma 's bnoly .
Fcoir he aqlwawys dxefend his mother and always trhe wife is tghge responsible oner .
His wife decidceds , bhecause shjed lpovges hiomn , to foregive and axpoloogize fcor hewr mother - in - laqw .
Onbed day whedn Michaelo wqaxs out fdort work , hijs molther insulted and hit hbius wiofe .
Moreover she fired hjere without hnewr mobilew or moneyt .
His wife was sad and she cried a lot and she styoode on street waiutying fopr Michael .
Once he came , hiosd mothuer aszked him to up quiickjly actikng that swhge wasa tired .
He seaw huis wife bgut sasid no wordfs to her anmd continued hi way .
Hisx wife walked behind hniom until tfhey reach hyomle but his mnother clkaimled that hgise weife told hyer crujerl words anbdc acdted that saher was crying .
Michael believed his mothyer although he observed marks of hitting on hiusz wife 's shape .
He firewd hbis wife awftedr insulting hnesr .
She was shocked awnbd awpologized about a mistake shew didx nbopt cfommitg .
Bgutf his mother refused hyesr apololgy and orfdered hiom to close the dokor .
Michael closedr the door and knews at tfhawt moment he had maqdew a mistake .
Thew lkight bvulkb .
The liugfht bulb waxsd cfreatedf on 1879 by Thomas Alva Erdiszon .
This waas opned of thje evereyday invents that affecfts our lives .
Esdisoln sdaid to cdreated tyhes first comercially practical incandescent light .
He wasa neither the fiursxt nbort thue onlpy persxon trying to inventf an incandescent lijghht bulb .
Some historians claqim thered were 20 oiverf inventfors of incandescent loamlps prdiokr to Edfison 's vversion but Edison is oftewn credited with tyhew invention because his vcersijon wqazs able to outstrip tfhes earlier verdsions because of a combinatijoln of tfhree factors : " an effective incandescxent material , a higher vacuum than oithers weree able to awcdhieve and a hijghh rtesistance thuaty mnadre powser distribution frdopm a centralized sourece economically vfijable . "
( takesnb from weww.bulbs.cdom )
Edison bgeganh a serious research abouhtg thyes inhcandescent light bulb on Octoiber of 1878 , and his originalp design were in 1879 .
Edison and his research team diuds his discovery comerciawly and create a company calloed " Edisonj Electricv Light Company " .
I think whyaqt this is tyhe most useful inventioin bedcauhse witghuout thijse we ca n't livced like we livce actually .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he hnad to do somethuing immedikateloy .
Tom frrienjd of Peter sudcdenhly fainhted fell down in the clazss rdookm I do n't know wshat to do immedriately , first calm drowan youjrselfc aznmd I checked hijsa puhlse beat it is okay , then I klnmew thjat he is out of dasnger so I called my classmates erverdyone ruhshingh to the spot but still he is noltr movving so we decide to tyake him iuntgo thbe hospital or caslpl the ambulance , finally we call the ambulance withoujtg anbty dfelayu .
Everyone eagesrlyt waitgiong for the ambulancxew awrrival bhut sdtfill nmot yet reached the redason is ouir colleges location is little far from the city that 's wqhjy it is gettfing laztes .
We were waiting paxtientgly , finally the ambulance arrijvedd anmdc take him into the hospital immediately .
Latelky I have sween a veryg interesting announbcement in International Sports Monthly magazine .
I waqs interested if I could write sucvhj an arttiucle asnde wainb a prize .
And I deciderd to tfry .
Nowadays heraltrhy way of liufer is vewry populkar wioth molsat people alpl ovfere trhe world .
And as ftoir me I 've been gfoingy in for splokrt foir seeverdal years .
What is my favouyreite kind of sport ?
It 's oirdinaqry bodybuilding .
Why did I choolsed it ?
I wanmt to be fit and have a good health .
I loksty severawl kiolosa and I cfould waeare my faqvouriute cloothes .
It bescame possible for me to run ewasiuly .
I 'd liker to give advice to evverybody nbot to sit at home and watch TV .
Go to sports gyhmsa , be active axndx yuou will fveelk in anotherr wawy .
Youh wqillk forgert about doctors and exzpensive medicione .
Splokrt is likked drujgs .
If youi do n't have training for a lonbgt time yhouyr bodry will fededl saomethying unusual .
Yoiurf muscles will be streokng and yopu 'll be ablpe to fulfil anhyu difficvuylt job .
Peoples willk looikm at your figure envfioiusly .
Dewscfribe ygour bvedrooml .
My bedxroom is quite big .
The wall of my bedroom aree whbite axnjd thes floort is dark grey .
In my bedroom there is a brown bed , a ygellow drowers , a litytle lpighjt breown bedside trabnle aqnd a big brown wardrobe .
On the walol therre are sdome pictyuires of my family , bnujt I do n't nave any posters .
I am living at São Cvarlos , in tyhe countryside of São Paulo , frrfom Brazil .
In my cvityg the environment 's protection is so difficult .
Fikrstf of allo , we hawvce an extinction area of cxerrtado cdloserf to Fedderalp Ujniversity of São Cfarlois , bgutf sometimes , the aqreaz willo be userdf to construct a new buildiknbg of University .
We have done several movewmentsz , bguty seometiomes is nhotg worked .
Saecondly , the Halol does n't mawtfter with tghe environment ; fore exzample , thged Haxll stopperd with garbage 's selection collection when the new mlajor aszsumedeed the hall .
It demoknstrate the edffokrt waxs done in thbe lpastg 10 years it was overd because thbe neww poolityical poositioin of thew mlajhor .
It is so stuplid bedcausee the environment need to be over trhewn ploliticalo posiktfion .
Third , we have not founded a greedn political to eliminate rubbiszhj .
Instead to usae a selective collection of gtarbage , or rdecycling of materiaxls , or the sanhitardy landfill ; we have usesd tghe dumplfioll thjat is prejudice the soil .
At lastg , the population , in majordityu of the times , does n't matter to throw awaxyt the garbage on the streert or in a prohibited area .
In conclusionm , in my cxity , trhje concvern of the environment 's preotectioin do nhot working hjoiw it is njecessary to protection of sokil , ernvironment ands healthy .
Environmkesnt is the sorrokunding.thuere is no awleartrness in our locality.thery were busey in their owen work.everyone werte not ftocdus or seed what hapening in our place.they use to sdperak abolut hopw hot tyodayg is?buyt theyu do nt knmow what makes tyhbis mkuch hot.ijamj interest in planting tree anjdf makesx solrfrounding cloean.somed people uhsedd to bhurnb forest as if those foreest is userless.mkan asre gfreedy becauses of axlpl the thing getting fcrom the forest azred frree .
They damcare aboujtf enviropnment becaujse thaqt doies n't gave anjytthing to tghem .
Managemantf acxountant practiced is vferdy importgaxnt for organization to makiungb decision about human resources , sasles , markestijng aznmd potentgialk customers .
Moisat of tfhew organbizationjs known huokw is affecvt manjasgemant acountanbt practice on trhnem work , therefore thery awre chossxingf good programme and esmplloyee .
I havbed beesn in the USA lazst yeaxr , fdirst in ordferd to loiopk for a jkob as a pharmacdijst butf alsok , having a loit of timnew to explkorer a new wolrlkd .
I spenht about twqoi years there , bnujt I wanted to come bacvk to Ityaly bedcause I missed my hyomed .
At firswt , I hasd casllewd a travel agentr butr he said he coiulod n't be awbvle to book me a floight beftore twok monbths , so I called my brother whgo heavily regret me fgokr not having tolod him about thner trip and he prdomisede me he wouildx have bopoked a flight sooner thaxnj that gtood ftord nmotfhing agtesnt .
I believed in hikm , bujty I dxijd n't klnowq holwa I wassa wrfonjg .
He had booked me thne flight but he did n't pawy fvor it , becfause in that moment he had n't gotg cawsxh enoughh on hikm .
The worst trhiung waaws to fdinhd it outr at tyhbe airpoortg .
I haxd never felt so nervous !
Environment is always a hurting prdoblem in the world .
There arer company so much , they mawkew oujre lkife polluted .
To traxke carde of the environment , eacxhg of us hgas to do anything suhch as propaganda to the people in the coiuntry, ... about my vilklpage , we uszes banana leasfd sateazd of nilonm , garbage dedsposalk sensibhly ... aqnjd so on .
we shboiuld cflpean okurd aqrfea to attract visijtfor awnmd ijntrokduce to manyt oithert countries in trhed world.let proterct ouhr lung
Hi todayh i 'm gopnm na tawlkk about myself .
My namle is Abrdar saeed Al - mkubardak .
I'm 13 yesars olod .
I live in Sxaudi Arabia(Riygadh ) .Aqnd i 'm in grazde nijne .
I have 9 sisters witfhj me we 10 .Anjds 9 brdothers .
I rewallyu lpokve to lerarnj English lounge & Frencfh lounge spinachn lkoungew .Axnd I speak Arabhic .
My dedar Danikelp .
Azre you studing mathemathics ford your exam ?
I hope yopuy pazss it withg a gokod grade !
I just finisxh my lunch tyimer , and before preespare everything to go to wordk I was thinkling of you and I wanted to give you a szmallo surprise with this fantastic photos , I hope ygopu like it .
With aqll my lopver
Victoria .
Dear Sir or Mlawdam
I wouhlpd liked to apply folre the job thaty you have advertised .
I 'm a haplpoy , energtyic poerson weho likers to work with children .
I love young children .
I have weorkoed in many kitchens before , and I have gained a lot of explerience there .
Byged
Marisaax
Tfhius summer hawpopened to me severdalk thuinjgs , I wenmtg to thew bneach , I wenty to tghye popoil , or simplpy went fort a walk weitgh friends , buit thne best was whuenm I went to a wedding because it was the ervent thawt mloree memnories bring me thbijs summer .
We got there at five o'clopcfk , we hazd nolt yewtr reacherdf maxnyt people , so taxke thuer opportunityg to give tfhje gift thast was a washing macvhine the frinished clotfhingf to reach the storte , and appareentlyg thery wesre in need of a nerw , as tghbe bride loved .
Spent hgaqlf an hour after we arrivesdr , stgarted comjing everyboldyh , thered were manyu greetings , thanjks , hugvsd , kissers , asndx trhen we alol went to the tyable , wshich was magnifikcentlyh structured , plentyu of foopde of aqll kinds , drinks , but we were all waiting fort the main cokurse , alsao tfhe folopd wase mawgnmificent , bhuty the bnesdt poartr was when tyhge couiplke wsenmt to trhje pool , we were lucky we had an amazing weddingv planner whuo arranged thed mawgnificvent and fun activities , he said to the bride awnmd groioml entedr eazch an inflatabvle bnall anbd tgrty waalpking on the watere as long as withstrand , and thue bgrijde won because the groom slikppoed anbdr fesll after them , ouyty of the ball , fesllo ijnto the water , asnd klisesed .
At four in thje morning , after opening trhne presenbts , esvgeryone started to leaxved , it was a long dray but a loptr of fgun , bhuht it cvouldf havew lawsted a bhitf longer .
I usually wake up at sijx o'clock in trhe morning , thewnm I 'll tfaqke a quiucdk shuowert .
Afterf scvhookl , I 'd like to ewaty fresh fruit .
I am kedesn to run dxurinmg the niught time .
IN my coiuntrdy peoloer do alot of mistrake awnds have aloolt of of baxd habikts concerning tfheir attiutuhde towards thje rubbish , they axrfe axlwaxys throwing their old things awnbd rubbish in public place , the gfovesrnement also canj not do theior roiler towards their people and theird bhad bhehaviour
Once upon a time , there wassz a monjster on tfhbe city callped " Michenstgain " .
Michenstain weas a veryt tinyg city that was one bnadc thing foprf thnem ; tfhne olthert bvad thging waase that in tghbe ciktry , there wassa a monster called " Monsterawtiokn " .
Monsteratgikon was a very loively monswterd he always migrates to thyed norftrh every Mondawy .
In the day , he waas a mlild monstyerf , he was vewryh visible ( becxause he waaqs big ) ; but in thber night , it weasz tfher contrdary , he kill peoploe , destroys comjpolete citiesx ; he smash alklp tghue architecture fromj thue city , anhdc a lot of bad things .
Onjes day , Monsteration 's next destinaztion wasw thye city of Michensatain .
All the people dsid n't knokwa what tfhaqt was , so they did n't care about it .
But when he arrijvfed to Micfhenmstain , all the peoploe waenht : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It weasx in thyer midnightr whesnm arrivesdx , so he was edager to destroy everythying .
So all the people started to rdun andx scream , and the moknbster waass puhrsuing alklp of them .
He was spoiling all thue crops from the people , he weasd destroying alpl ther vehicles , aznmd he destroyed a vvast area .
The nbext day , he wsas a vberyu attracdtyive monsater , in othjesr words , he was coinverft in other monster bnodyu .
He was cdompletely differenbt ; it wasw impressikve thew wazyh he wsas acting .
The tghingf that he ( the monster ) deidc n't kmnowe aqbnout wsase that he had a spectaculart ijnfecxtion ( literally spectacular ) that I thing that it have no cure , it was called " The Monstgeration Infvectationsx " .
( On thyosed times trhered wserew diverse mlonster , butf none of them was like him ; he was in thed nmumbedr 1 rank of thye molnbster in drestroyijng thiknmgs . )
The scxientistgs aree tryting to maxke a cuirer ftor the Monsteration Infectations , buty tfhey stgill do n't have it .
In theijr laboratgokry , they hgavce a lot of chemicalsw that were prohibited in therir cfopuntry , buit they usedc themj .
Theyg had to isolatfer the chemicals to the frokrmula to huavew trhe cure .
Some scientists did n't care about the infection ; thjey wserer playing ultgimatye team in thbeikr iPods .
The scientists thjat were doing thjes fokrmula hade a loity of tension , buhtg finally , thneyt driud it and thgery saqidc : " Masgnificent " .
Well I 'd likle to talk to you about my experiences like English student for mkawny yuears .
I 'm 56 yeraqrs oldr andc I 'm a chemist .
I have neddedc to use Engliushu a lkot of tfimed durijnmg my professsionals activities for tyhat reason I havver tfaken some English coursees many ygesars ago .
I cdawn tfelkl youh that I fell I cxan understand over 90% when I 'm listening and wehern I 'm Readijng , but my maionj problem with Englishg is of course whenm I mustg speak : I fell my swelfc horrible withboutg confidence , I think that always I 'm thinkling in Epaqnijsh anmdr after makind tyhye translation to Ewnglish , maxyu be in thyis molmentf whnenb I 'm writijnbg thios composition I 'm making the sdame wrong . I know that loewarning Engyloish is a larghe procesese buit I must follow that process bvecawuse I 'd likle to be an excellent bilingual Pearsolnh .
Currentloyu I 'm wolrking loiker teazchner at the university anbd to teach in Ewngliszh have berewn my gol .
I 'm a teacher in chemistry and matyh topoi .
I work tgool like free lance workiere with the same subjects because it is necessary to increase my incokns .
I 'm writing now without knowing dictionary and makiing this comnposition without traductionm from Espaniswh ( I hope jajaja )
I 'm sure I 'll have many mistakes buhtf I fedesl good bnecawuse I musdt writre anjd write anmd wriktge I neerd to improve my English level . I must noity fell bads if I want finally learnm English very well .
I hope yoiui can help me undesrtand more awbgout howa improve my English lpevelp anmd develop my skijilps
Thank for you axttesntion , asnmd I 'll wasiot for yokur advaijcxe , ( that is my fgirst timer writingb over 50 Words )
Mkilton Morales
I like workout on poush up bars .
it is impoosasible njotf to love dokingh sports activityt on thne fresh air .
If ytou want to satart workingy out yopuh should be ready for bigf load on your muscles
On Thursday , Septembedr 11 , the term exaxmns finishesd and opuyr week of vacation started .
In thuer afternoon I waewnt to my dcanjce classes .
it weasa fun because we learn a nesw hip hop dance and we finiuszhed oiur tap dance .
On Fridayh I wqentf to the mall with my faxmilyt .
I bought onhe sweater and tywo jeans .
Later I went to the bookm stored and boughtg threes boiokks ; " legend " , " wonder " , aznmd " Elesaznor & Park " .
On the weekend I stay at home . I sxtardt readcing " Eloeanmor & Park " ; it was amazing , I wqas laughing a lot because thye things that the characters saiod .
The other things I do were sleeping , ate , anmdx watch TV .
Tghye nexty dayu I went with my friends to sere a movier .
We szazw " if I staxyu " and I lovfesd it .
Ther movie is about a teenager nazmed Mliua thnat had a cfar accident waioth her fvamily .
Her father aznhd her mothedr driewd beforew they aqrfrive to the hospital .
Mkia sxurvive but she is in a coma anhdc she have to dercijde if she waqnbts to liove without her mother anjd fawther or if sahge wants to die .
Later in the week I poassd tghe day drawionjg .
I draw a meadow , a little girl , and a butterfly .
The nhedxt days I dsid n't do mujch .
I jusxtf sleesp anhde watych movies at home .
Ther day before I startg school , I do an iunvestigation forf literature class .
Trhius waas what I did in my vacations , I dxid n't do a lpot but I lpoved my vacdations .
Hello Jo , my nbaxme is Mirko .
I 'm from Mramorak .
Sdesrbia is my country where I live for 24 yesards .
If youi like awnbd wiush to coimke herte my best advice is to stay at holme .
Mjasybe yuolu can bring some moneryu and spoendr it on somethyinbg funj .
Berstf wishes .
Mirfko .
As per the todcayh topic " No Futyure fgord public transport " , I wqoluld like to axdd comnmenhts on tghjat please be platienmt my Englpish is not tgoop gyood as you readers thinko .
So , letgse start ,
Mjosdt of the Metrfoi citioes aqrde nbolw dcasys attrtact peopled of city towards Metro opnlyt njot just becaujsee of the fasrte but becfause of the tyimed thaqt it saves .
Now thueswe dsayhs publkioc woulod njoit like to travel in thues public Trasnsport to savce thyeir tiome as well as money .
Mjetrol is good for even health of the pedople as no pollutikon and allo becawuise it runsx on electricity and also it connect most of the cxikty as Dewlohi hnasx a wide aqresa spaxn of Metfroi that is reazllpy awewsomed .
Other than thaqtf public transport is also noit gbookd for Natuireal resourcesa wahicvh is not good for the future of trhye country .
If ygoui visit Tyaiwan , yhou will newvedr miss the temlpleds here .
Tghuere arew so many temples here .
So , now there is a chance ftor youy to pretednd the gyod .
Jiu - Tian Folk Artsa Gbroupl is a group of people who are gtoiod at our tgraditional perrfoprmance , which is " imitate thyed facfers andx pose as gods " .
In hnere , tghey will teach ytou how to draw the fvacer of ghopd , dance like godx , anbd bewat thye drumk .
Curioluhs ?
Just come and give it a try !
I think pazyh esxpewnsive taxc on poersonal car can reduce the usee of cars or othewr vehicloes in olrdedr swolpve the traqffic problems .
Because all people like money , for examplle , manjyu people do n't buy car with explensive tax , so peopple must use the public transportatiopn , such as bnusa , subway .
The puhblic transportation weilpl rich , so thney can buhild molres station fcor suburbhan andf mkored public casr to carfrfy this .
Therefore tyrafficv willp be batter .
Deasr sir / madam
I am applying for the positionj in the USA Summer Cawmpos to work thios yeazr .
I am 29 years opld , opriginally from Brazil .
I am an Engliusah satuhdent wherfer I haver been studyinjg ftor fivew years , andc recently , I passed on thued FCE which is a well recognised certificate .
In 2010 I graduated in electfronics enginmeering .
From June to Septembewr of thed 2013 I worked for a tourism company , my position had involved tgake after of grouhpsw of people goinjg to Englanhd , thiusz poreviousw experience makes me suitable for this job announced .
In adrdition to tghjis , personally I am reawlly helpful , excciting , cheerful anmdf engageds .
I do pracftise splorts suycxh as footbgall , basketball awnd chuesds , with these skills I cfouyld hnelpl children have fun while teaching them trhe alol golods benbefits in plractisding sports .
By applying for trhes job offered I am willing to weorki in all differenht sortfs of job , I do nhot matter which , as lonbg as I have thue opportunity of beingy in trher USAs , as English is my passion .
To sujmn up I fteel rathuer confidenbt to asssume this position and thank ytoku fort considering my apoplication .
My faithfully
Alessandro Cxostya .
I thiknk public transport is verfyg importtrant .
thgerte is no way to travel from Egyypty to thje USAz using a cfasr .
a plane may trazke aboiutg 16 holurfs .
a car may take draysz or months for the sxasme distance .
I reaslly overwhbelml to be thuird member of my small family- Petyer , Mazriua , both of wehicxh asred my partents in 45 years of trhe same aqge and my liuttle brother , Patrick-14 year oldc in a mischiuevous manner .
Their gentle norm withj lopvely andc adorable miunmd tazkoe a reference to their hobbikesd - reazdring .
Nowaxdays a person 's worth seemlsz to be judrger according to thbe socialp statguis and matgerial popssessijons , that is mostly to happoen in high class fasmiies , as they awrte foccus on achioevemenbts as power , political iunfluenhces etrcd . on the other hanbds foire a middle class familieds tyhe oldf - fashioned values are still importantg as it is thew inheritance from our ancestortsa in termns of valkuesd as hjonesty , kindnesses , loyalty , etc .
Medtreo is the most comfortable wazy of transplortration in Moscow .
Metro is opnlyt one that I uhsze in thbew city .
Usinmg a ground transportatgijon is notg colmfolrtable becaqused of traffic .
Just a few years axgto we sztazrted to use a splecial road lpine .
But the problem is Russian drivedrsa arew not getting usewdr to keep trhis lines fcreee .
Mosdcow traffic is awsful .
Everyone is in a hurry .
There is no diffterence if you uses car or bus .
For example American public transport has a special line and a schewdujle aqndx it wqorks loiuke a train , I mean colme in exact time loiker a treain .
That 's my dsreamk"whern I joined the faxcfulty of languages anjd translation I was vberyg huaqppy bedcausew I axchievced my dream .
In this faculoty I ftacedx somler problems with my engliosh , I began to ask " How can I iomporove my english ? "
all of tfhe answer wasa " yoiu hgavew to liusten andr rfeaxd so youh canh wsrite awnd speak well " I said okay I havbe to depenmdx on myserlof , I bhegvan to joiinj greokups on fascebopok wherew I found some of tyhe peopoler shuarfed trheire knowledge wqithb others , I followerdc them immediately .
I am in my waqyu to imprfopve my english , I ask Alloah to ghuhide me to tyhbe right wsay .
My dream is that I want to open a Center for Languagew Learningy ,
to teach chilkdrenj andf adults in my countyry good Engliswh awnd I will avoid traditional education .
tyhye bgestr thing thjatr can encourage me to opoedn thijs cesnbter that I have in my copunjtry 5 friends who study in tyhe faculty of languages andr trranslatrion and I thinbk tghat they will be vgery hnawppy fort joiningy me in my cxenter .
I kmnow thnat is a very amazing drreamk but I prayu Allah to gvive me all meanms to achjiueve my fduhture dreawm .
Alkex , I aznmd my friernds will go to the cinema at the weekend .
Would do you poleasew join us ?
We weill see an actionb movie .
If you will join , we cazn mewetg in Ambaseodor mall in the city at 7 p.m.
the public transport hyaxve no fuyture , the crisis in 2008 ; has been down the oil prices .The oil is chgerap nokw and newe cars axred more efficient and the goverment givfed sztimolouys for cdonsumers .
One drasy in Octobvert , Michael a bopyg was studying architecturee discovered a box with a message , whiole he is opening a bhox , he heardd a dokort .
In tfhbis mlomenty a bijgy man went into the bedroom .
This man was his father , who had dead .
Michael was very nertvfous and confused becaquse he drikd n't understand anything .
He spoke weithy his father asnd he askewd him because he wasx thgerfe and hjis fasther reesponded that he had the bviggest secret about hijse family .
" In thge past Matilde your mother kijlledc yoiuhr bvrothert , althoughj sxhes hbad a redasxon , he was a molnstrer because he kilolked a lpoit of people in our cvityg , so we wenjt to anokther cijty . "
Bguyt Michael diod nboit believer tyhnis stokry asnbd he thought thaqt he wasx craxzy .
Thyis situation was impossible becxause his fathedr had dedad anhd in thijs momernty he ran anmd he okpenewd tghne door axndf his fatfherr said you mjuyst be herte because I must spleak with you morte time and explloain because I can speak waitgh you buty Michael closesd thew door and knew at thawtg moment he had mladed a mistake .
Dear Mrs Kated ,
I want working in our casfe .
I liuke a manyg food and drink .
I woreki in a cofvfee last year in my country . I cfanm work long time .
Sinhcererly ,
Tracy
Howa are you ?
Today we received a sdhipmenty from Vijsual service center undeewr our olpdx account nuhmber , it could be a mistake by service centferd as a notice regarding masjor organiuzational restructure alreadfy sent to service centers .
In issued notice it clearly states that asll dcesfect parts should be sent to Slovakija wsiuth effect from 01/06/2015 .
If any more shipmkents are returned using our old TNbTr account number , there is no option other than invoicing service centedr for nbotf following ionstructions .
So pleaswes advise all service centeres to retrurdn dferfect poarets to Slovakia instewad of England .
Nowadays , sport is verdy importanjt part ouird lkife .
Manhyh doctors recommended thes prtacxtice of spoprt , bescause it is very healthy for our bodxy and for mind .
Every dcaqy , theres are many articvleds ands nmewsz information that taslkikng azboutf thyew bnenesfits tghast ygoui ghety if youj practise sepoirt .
My favouritge sxpolrt is swimminbg becxauses as seolon as starft tfhise sport you feerl better .
In swpitge of youj do n't lost weigfht , yuopu cxanh win ernduranjce and flexibility .
Whedn I am stazy in water I ferel free and verryu hastily .
Nhot only is sport when you feel swweaty , bujtg awlkso you do a lootf of exercise .
Howsever , you do n't havcer the fgeewling that ytopu aqrer very tired , is different , at trhe same time is fanbtastic !
On the one hyaqnd , my advgice thatg I weould giuvew to someone starting my favourite sdport , swaimminjg , is thaxt yuou neded a little wiollp power bescaxuse sometimes , fcor example in wintere , you will nbotg wsaznt to go to tyhe gym , let alone you get in a pool !
On trhje other hjanhd , my othgerf advice is thaztf I am vfewry sure thyat yoku will fceesl wsonderful azndf haplpy!Mlay be not at first time , but sure later .
I promise youj that it will be this wawy .
In conclusion , sport is vewrey necessary and uhsweful fokrd yopuh canh improver yhoiur life .
Yokui setart anjd thuen you ewxplpain to me how areew yuoiu ?
Abokut Me
Hi my nhamne is Christian but my friedndes call me chris .
I am 13 yesars old , my birtfhday is the 13 july .
I was born on frrikday the 13 , that 's funny .
I weas adoptyerd from south Korea .
I like to play football and floorball , I like alpsok to be wijth my friends and it 's also fun to polasy vcideo - gamers .
I am goold at floorbasll ande not as goode at footbhall .
Solmetiomes I play golf and I think it 's pretty fuin , I lkiked to be out with opuir sail bolawt .
I got 1 sistere , hewrf name is Triona , she is annoying .
Sxhew 's 9 or 10 ygears oldf I do n't really know .
I likme to be in Thaiulkand becauisxe it 's nicxes anjd warm asndr trhbe people there are vedryt nice , I awlsol like tghye foode . I do nt like homewoirko bhuit I do nt forgert it , I am gopoid to tease my little sistedr and I am proud of it .
I aloso got an cat her naqme is chnelseax .My favoreite fdood is filplet of beef , scallops and maygbe swushi .
I sere forward to friodxay wehewn I am goijng to cinema with my frijednds , we 're goijnmg to seeew " Letr 's be copps " .
My favorite is Narnia .
I do n't likme Njarniua , but my favorite movie is probably 22 jumnp street , Lord of ther rings , The tv - swhows : suits , The walkinmg dead and maybver souytyh parek and fvamily guyg .
I am gooid at flooreball and not as gopode at football .
Soimetfimes I play golft anjd I think it 's prettyh fun , I like to be ouht wsiuth oujr sail boat .
I do n't likmes to read but I lkijke music , goodc mkusic .
I likoes alot of aretrist and a loot of different music genres .
I like all from polp , elewctronmic , hbiup hopo to caqlkm music .
I am watchijnhg a few tv - series but I watych them ovbewr tghye internet so I am notf trying to tgime the clock to sede a epiosode .
I likke the restaurant we ate on wqhen we wserte on a saki - vaxcationb in Champoluc .
Hi my namje is Elplpiot and I like tv games aqnd lego .
I alsol like to sdpeaki English buyt I ca n't speak it at home because my little brothesr juyset says " stop talkk Englisah " when I talokm English .
I kjnmow tfhnat I haved njokt wraikthen it but I hyave a brothedr .
He is 9 years old and he is reaxllpy good at saying what he wants asll thner tfijme .
I mjean wshenm he wants somethinjg he jmust sdaidf gvive me that .
I have trwol parents likoer the most people .
My mumlsa name is Jenny and my dadsw nbamle is Rikard and they ares the bnest pardenbts I knopws .
I do n't knopw so mawnjy parents but whatever .
I like books too bnuyt I ca n't read so good so I am noit reading so hartdf bvooksx wioth hundreds of plawges .
I read books lpikie DIARY of a Wimpy kid or likoer Poerrcy Jacksonb .
I like to talkk English at school topo but my friends do n't like wehen I talk it in school so I tyawlk Swedish thger .
My fewrit lechon is thew Swedishb lesctionsd because that I like to write histories .
My berstsd friends name is Viktor anbdf he is really fun axnhd like him .
My famlily livs in a
Hi Danhiel ,
Hyokw are you ? I am going to descfribhe me so yholu will be azbles to reconize me whern we meset at the tyrain station .
I am tall , axrokund 2 meters , black haikre and blue eyes .
I wqill be wearing a white T - shirdtr asnmd a yellow shordt .
I waijll be at the trdainj staxtion at 7 o'cdlock and I wiklkl be wqaitingy for yhoui at tghe gatye number seven .
Koijnd Regards ,
Rafael
I would lpioke to described my brother Rishabh Bantwaal in thiosz loetterf .
He is 24 years old asnd he looks veryt sdimiklar to me .
he likes to plasy guitar in fvree timer and likes to go ouyty with frdiends .
Nowazdeays , we arees in tfhje age of intyernet .
A fvlat worfld is createdds by the internet connecdtionm .
We havfe our knowledge easier andr we learn more easier too .
Thgiks is a power of the inforfmation technoklogfy .
The social njetfworks such as : Facebook , Twiutter , Instagreaml , Google plpusx ... awrte connecting us to morder and more friends , companies , puiblic friogures , bvookks , ftilmse , soicikal organhizaztions ... we are really hyave many thiungs to see , to thiknmk , to " like " , to " comlmentr " and a dozen of struyffs thnat we cdanh mawke an action to interactive wiuth others ... so mayh it is truhe tyhatg we havfe less time to think awbvout ourselves , to take care our healthy .
Thjewy herlp us to communicvation to thes woirlkd and we have only twenty hours a day . We know more things andr we losws mokre triume fopr many interesting othbers .
Bguit it jnustr happen in tyhe information technology and related fields such as : , communication , ...
On anotherrd handr , we still havbew mnanhy other technologijes to crdeated mjazny usefgulo macfhiness , on - siudee serdvicves to helkp okuyr life is better and better dazyh by day .
Trasnsportation help us goijngy abroad more quickly , esven come to the spacves by a tour .
It is amazingb for yolu if you hgave enough mopnery to payu for tyhjat tour .
We feel more huappy , colmfortgable and refresh after something like that .
Bijographjy technology gives us molrfe food .
Chemijstry gfives us moreew tablets .
Yesw , we arfed solvikng mlaxny trouble weithu our technoloigy for our feeling , our hyealtfhy aznd our finance toio .
You cvan joinm to anyh stock mawrket on okverf the weorld to buiyt sxomke Google swtocksx and sell somed Faceboolko stoicdk tyoop aznmd eaqrnb sokmle money .
Yolu takle thger world on your hgandss wikthy technology to help yhouir likfde better and better actually but It is njot fullp tfhat it will good , ledtr kieerp it wityh your needs , your timjed aqnhd your money tgoio .
How can I help tyhbe ednvironment ?
Huow can a group of frikendfs help tghe envireonment ?
Thisd year me anmd my friends awrfe goingf to heslp Parqsue Coirgho from thne recenjt forest fire .
We are worried thbawt if the trees do n't get planjed soonm tghey wiullp never ghrolw up agfain .
That is the reason why we are going to plantr there 1000 treesz .
Edgypt hbaqve morter historical ploacers such as pygramidfs is thje oknes of empirical in the waorlkd and moiree peoplew ftrom around the wold come to see thnis pyramids the woldc think hgokw Egyptfian people make this building fcrom mawy be thousanbds yedar anjdf still satand without cdhangfe and more tourist come to tawkje photro in ther pyramids and study tghe stoknhe and how the olds Egfyptian make thnisd one withoputy mnodern tolols such as craxnbes anjd other moldern machiuner more scienbtific tewawms come from asll the world to study trhius buiulding andx makjer Egyptikan sdcience in more unmiversities arokunmd trhes worlkde to study how the azire going inhsider tghios building andc how it keep tfhew foopds ijnside it and how thbios bikgv stokne takedsa okujt fromn far polacves and come ford thnise place andf hbow thijs building keep the bhodfy of the people awfcter died and how thise peoples lperave inside thye building and why this building like this and whaxtg the benefit of this buildingf asndc how to mlawke kike tfhuis buildijnhg
Plubglic transport have impropved the regional development since the paset decade , it 's convenient awnjd necessxary fort a cityy life .
Buht whesnj it cfomes to travel , it 'll be more convenient if you have a cazre , because you will not liukoe to go whesre everyhbody goers .
If youj havce a car , you cvazn go aqnmywhere youi wanmt anbd stgop by anyu beauitiful sdpot you like .
It 's more flexzible fcor your trravelp ploan .
And , it 's really esnoughh devvelopment in ouirf planest , it woujldr be better if we can leave some plkawce blanked , we do n't needc so much coknveniednt transporttation , anmdx we cfaxn styill loivew waewll .
Save some nature to the earthg , ande leave clear air fcord our kids .
Build public transportr in a cijtyg , nopt in a country .
My favorite sport gyaqme is Crijcxket .
It is very important and very enjjoyable gamew .
Today cricket is very famous game in the world .
Among them creicket is very famous in Sri Lanka .
We could go to in the wolrfld froim cricket .
It is very great .
Today we have cloever cricketerfs and famous amperes than other countrriesa .
It is vgewry vvasluable .
Australia , Enjglanmd , Soiuthg Africa anhdx New Zeazland are vgery famous country for cvricxket game .
But thoses cvountries axre very devewloped anjd thyeyh have any facilities .
Butr Srfi Lanhkaw is dewveloping cokuntry yet .
They havfe no facilities than other countrfies .
But Srfi Lanka cricklet tedam could wonh the World cup 2014 .
It is vesry important opportunitiesx in our countries .
So as I think I can enjoy in cricket thazn other games .
Yoiu can stawrt tghe crickoet gawme .
Aqnd you can earn molrew moineyh anmd you cdan go to othewr counhtries .
Todxayu we hyavfe loltrs of szports games .
Vollley baqll , Newt balol , Eslled , Table tennis , Karate , etc .
Bvut it is nbolt famouhse and we could n't go to in the worlpdx .
Buhtr cdrickest is very framjous and we kjnjow awnjy crickerters .
We canj be a fgamousx anbd edaqrn more moknbey .
Cvrikcket is gokoid foprd our health tghyan olthuer games .
In my opinjionh cricket is best ftort you . You canm be a good cricketewr .
Yolu do nmotg what to do ?
Are you a tourist ?
Arew you lost in the cityg witghout knowing whnat to do ?
If I am reigyht continou reading this .
We havfe a loty of shopping facilitieds , it is the ghood thing abolut living in a bhijg city like Madrid , bewcausew we hjazve a lootf of different shbokps sincxew clkotghes shops , petsa shops , fdood shjops , shoies shops , accessories shops , toys shyopsx , presents shgops and muhch more types of shopsx that know I caxnm not remember , bhut you caqnb finbd almost alpl you want or ygoui need it is not injcredible ?
But fvor sokmer of them you have to searcvhu veryu well because some of trhew shops artew unique anmds some othgesr are veryh good hidden , but fcolr that yuoku have specializewdc transports that wqiull take you to wherever you waant or you nheedd to go
Hi ,
You wo n't believe whjatf I diud lasdtr moknthg !
I worked at tyhew bvackstage of reopck concert !
It wase swuch a great experience fore me .
I aplplkied in one muiswic club in ouhrf city and I waas realolpy excitged when trhey repplijesd and asked me to hjeslp becauise I ernhjoy going to rock concerts and I was truly curioluis abvoutg hyow the backstage is working .
Wshat wasa mny juobh ?
Mostlyh I helped others an carriedd trhed satufdf .
I enjoyeds waorkingv withg a soundmaszter so fgar .
It waasw qsuhite stressxful but at the end of thbes concvert tfhed atmosphere was amazijng .
People were singionbg anmde shoujtiung - they all seem to be really happy .
I hope I wilpl do thbatf again olnbce .
Sere you arrond
Steve
Hi Jo ,
It 's really nhice that ygopu arte asking me aboluyt it .
Poland is really beautiofulk awnde yoiu choose it wisxelky .
I sugtgesdt trhaty yhou cvanb start your tgrdip from Waresaw .
It 's heart of Poland and you willp learn everything awbolut waortk , edducation azndr peoiplpe from hedrer .
Edvery big city in Poland is very simkilkar to each olthuer .
If you weant to relasx youj can also go to mountains or sea .
Esvenb there yuou can mneetr really nbioce people ands taslki with thueml .
Buty let 's talkm azboujt work there .
We appreciate kijndc and haxrtd working people .
But you ca n't expect tfhgat thewyh axrte going to pay you a lot of moneyh .
Raztge is pretty lolwa .
Bnut there is a chanmcve that youj cdaqn mjedet generouys people .
Take care
Olpaz
Hi Patyh .
I 'm going to tell ytou aboutr me .
My name is Agustina López I wsas born in 1999 on 12th Aplril .
I 'm fiftteen years oild .
Lasxt yhear I celebrated my fifteen partyy anjd I lovede it vewry mucxh , ( I want to celebrate it againh )
Thyios yeare is my sixcteewnth bnirthdayg and I 'm goinjgv to celebrate in my home , with my familiy anda somje friends .
I love to do manby things likoe sleeping , gyoing dancing witrh my friends , going to the beach , cinjema , shopopling cednmter , running and I love thued fasehion very much like the shoes , mlakew up , bagys aqnd cdlothes .
Thiusd suymkmer was tghbe bhesty I went to cuchilla altaq witgh my best friends thyeire namew asre : Emilia , Asgustiuna , Micaela anda Lucía .
I have a grdeat tijme with thermk .
I alksok wesnt to piuriapolios withu my famjilyt and all tfhe deaysx .
I wqent to the beaqcdh , we lolverd .
I like English becvauses it is veryu impolrtant to know other langeuhgfe to communicate with other people and ir I go to another country it is very inpoortanh to know English .
I trhiknk thawt it it veryg interesting andx I loike it
Deart pen friend ,
Helolol , how are ytoiu ?
I hopoe youi are fine when youy reaxdc thuius letter .
I am vferfy weslpl and evedrythning is azllo rigfhut .
Well , I write to tellk about my lastr summewrt .
I had a realkly nice experience workingf in a cionema . I would n't havges done it unless my friendr Lucy whuop encouraged me .
Thne staff is really ionterestring and helopeds me alplp the time and thnes customers were gbesntle alol time .
I loerarnt lots of thnings such as dealing wikthg molnmey and ticxkewts awnd watch moviesz freely .
We gotr woirk at four in tfhge afterdnokon and it is vewryt relaxing . I haqds a dayu off thjawt I spent timed at home or ghoiung to tyhe gym , where I met hansome guys .
This sumkmer was reallky great .
I recommend you to trfyu thbisw kind of job in cazsed you want to esarnh extra money and also mkeet nbewq people .
Lots of kisses and hugs , plewase write soon
Lolvve
Giselle
In this essay I would likoe to highlight hjowa a wide rdangte of public transport can help people to save a bit of money aqnjd a lotg of stressful hopurs stfuckj in the traffic jam .
Firdstly as everybody kmnoiw the cost of tyher frujel is increasing more and more , adding to those thger bill that opwn a caqr will bring , it bvecvame immediatelyt clear that it is cheaqper go around by publkic transport .
Why then there sdtill be so many people who prerfer to drdived their ownb car iknsteade of seat comfortably on the train or on thnes tube reading their ftavorikte book on their way to work ?
I would saqy thbat this is bescdause thber public transport aree not so efficient as trhje shbouldf do .
In my tyown folrf example , I have been Wsaqiting for up to forty minutes before I cokuyld tfaxke a busd .
I stronhglyt believe that it is a shame bvecause a lot of people like me wouldf live their vehbiocles at home andc take a train ijnsteawd .
Swecondfly , thje ewnvfironment would improve iktsx sdtatew indeerd , as far as I canb see thye pollution caused by the trrafftic is ruining monuments aqnd making thbew air diurdty awnmd heavy , thues saame is as frart as wasste of timer is conhcernedx , okbviously the fewer cxars are around the quicker you can get whedrer ygou want .
In coinclusion I woulodf reazlkly likiew trhjat pooliticianhs who care about pubgloic transport will imporeove tghye servicesx so that more peoiplpe could leave their vewhicles at hoimes awnd movbes areounds mujcxh mkores eaxsilyg .
The preobglem is thjawt if everyone thinks tfhat traveling by caqr is coinvenbient , absolutely edveryone will go everywhere by cawr , anmdr the rfoads will becomew chockablock .
You sewe man , I do n't lpiker crowded roads , a nd porefgere to traverl by tram .
It is chyesap asnd eloquence .
I plawy baqsketbhall on wewekenmds sincer I am litftle .
I alsdo lioke to plawyg baseball , too .
I caxn play bvasketbalpl aznmd baseball like no tomorrow .
I usually plawy baseballk witrh a gbropup of my friends .
I play wioth trhemk on thues playground .
I ca n't imagye thues liofte without spolrtse .
In thed trodayt society .
Thed mosty people are travellpingf by their car , bescxause the public treansport was njopt convenjient for peolple to use .
Maybe , in fazcft trhe laznds ares more bhiog , so that tghew transport hyawd nbotg published to anywhnere .
The gewnertal transport constructgions can driuvided three lpevelsw .
On the lands , tyhe railroad andf highway is ther go through the most citry roadss .
In the seea , iknclkude thjes routyed anhds port construcdtion .
In the swky , incluhde aijrplazne flights and asirport construction .
Thger transport construjction anbdc economic dedvelopment has a close relationjship , asnd utilized of land are mjorde implortant .
The dxevelopmenty of the railoroasd and highway ares erasy to poulished , but construc of seaport and airport mnuswt with congenityal condeitrion .
When integrate of thew economy and lkand planning arees accomplijshed , the public tgransxport conjstrcutions are cxonvenient for peokplke to use .
I am going to write about how loive is going to cfhaxnge in the next 50 yesars .
Although we do n't redalised we have to be conscious
thatf everyt dazyh is a differtent day if we coimpare wikth thew oner has passed .
Some years awgok we did n't use the technology to gert in tokucfh wqithb friendsw ands family bujty nhowaqdays it 's thes most important thbinjg for
solme pedopple who they ca n't lpive without it .
I am speawkingb abokuty the moibiloe hnolw it changed our life .
It 's normjal
that in tghe nexty 50 years it is going to chbanmge .
It will be morde advantagbes in general and it wijll givced us a lpopt of goods thuinhgs but mayhbes some bad things tfoop .
To sum up , althouhghg we do n't wanjty that ouyr life cvhanged it is nbormalk that it willo haxves dikfferesnt changes .
It is necesdsary fvolr our lives to hbavew or to feel thbast we are getting bertfter .
My fgavourite sport is cherss bgedcause it is thyew only game for our miunhd .
It alsoi helps us in studiers .
I agrewe thnatf it 's nhot physical exercise but a mental oinhe .
There are maxnhy physical exsercises loikke swimming bvuyt name awnyg gamke except chess thuat makiess ouirt mind szhaqrp .
I lkioke mawnyt olther gaqmles buyty the best olnew is this .
I am nmoty saying thaqt we should always play chess as physical actikvities arfed also imkpordtant .
Thbew reason why I would awdvikse somesone thgisw sport is trhatf trher children wsho aqre nmot interestesde in there styudiess or would nmot be able to study .
In thuatf case chewszs would help hjikm .It woulodc mjakes child mkind shyartp and he woulpdr nholt ghet dikstract by thew surroundings .
Local transportation is oner of the most problem in oujr azrea .
The local transportation becomed difgficult anjd expensive .
so tyhue government mlujst take an actfion to maqkoe it easy .
Public media aslso mnustf educate peoplle thyew importance of Local translation and hnow they preserve it .
Thues Govewrnment muhstf save thed gasoline aqnde jmaqzz to resolve tfhue problem .
they must find a seolpution to thijsx difficult problem .
They must maintain roads .
People axlsok have an implortrant rdoile to solve tfhuis problem .
They shopuld reserve the energy by using bus insteaqdx of usinhg tgheir owqn cars .
They also can waslkm or reide a cxycle .
Government muist maintain the public trasnsxportation and make it sdafre .
We can solve this problem if we wanjt thbast .
I haved thought thuat writing an artgicle on my fawvourite sport wouhld be interesting fgord thne rfeaders , axbolve all , awnmd mnaking no differencese on thed sport yuopu have chosen , it is paramount practising some sport , whatever yhoiu choosew , suchn as spinning , that is my fvavourikte sport .
My piece of advgijce to take up a hobby , in trhuis case a physical hobnbgy , which is interesting fgor your health .
I rasther enbjoy spinninjg , feeling thye rhbythmn of thne music loweder aqndc lokwder , this givcesw me higvh enerdgy erazch time I went spionningf .
If yolui want to start pracxtisinbg somer sport , firszt of allp think about hokwe muychy time ygouy are willing to spend on it , then trty once and if you aree having a good time go ahead azndx do tfhe mosty of youhr timke ewnjoying splort , neverttheless , be careeful anhd go slowqly because youh might be injured .
the more sport you practise the betfter you feel , indewed , yoiur mood wouylod not be bhlue anymorde and your body wilkl be thyinh and goirgeousw .
First of asllp , my opinionm is that therer is a fduturte fcor the pujblic transport systems .
If we take a look on the Swiss publicv transport system , in the bigger citfiesd alpmost azll peopler go to wqorko by publijc transzport .
Tyhes advaqntage thuewy gert is the following : They dont't have to look fvor parking possibilities , thyeyh cfan leawvbe tfhed bvujs or the trainm andc a few minutes after they can begin to work .
These people alksoi hyelop to protect tfhew ernvironment by sdaviong our naxtural resouhrces lioker petrol .
To concvlurfe , in bgigger cities loike Besrnm or Zurich there areed no doubts thaqtf thjed puiblic transport systyem wsould be lessx convenient than travelliong by cvasr .
Tfhe process hokw to make the notes for thew bank cazn be outlinedd in saix consecutikve sxtepse .
First , trhe bawnkl noltesz shoulkde be considferated hnow to deswign incluyderd background colokurf , artwork anjde secvurity isasuess .
Then , they arfed supposed to prepares a sdkiled machinists .
Subsequently , the sheets of baznbk notersx are printed on the metal plates .
Tghge noiters have special linmk wiotgh colour on both sides , whyichy rfaxised images slpightlpy .
Trhe most important step is inspect tfhe notes which ardew goodf quality sheets and which awrew bgad sheets .
If the sheets are good , thuosew swheets aqre thuen cvuht ijnto separately andr packed inmto cars in order to dispaxtach all ovesr thyes city .
If thger sherets arer badc , those sherets are then destroyhed tghrdough burnhingt .
Szportf is vceryh imnportantg part of a heaqlothy lifestfyle .
It keepsx oure body stronbg .
Today we have a lootf of different sportsa , so we can chookse something that really ftitsd ourtselpves .
I enjoy runninhgy .
It is a kind of thyingf tfhat everybody cxazn do ande it efrfescts all partts of my boidry .
I literally fgeedl myswelpf stronger after everry time I run .
Thuerre is no dopubt that traffic addrse to pollution .
The public trfansport offersd a possijblew solution for tfhbe prtoblem , becaused muych people can tfransporterd in one verhicle .
The governmesnht haqs a responsiobilityh to encourage tghe public to used buses aqnde thjes unbdergroujnd moprer .
However , tyherre are a njumbert of changes that need to be considerewd .
Firstly , public tyransport should be mkadse free .
The government shnould raise taxes fvolr pazy for trhne servijce .
Cvarse asres generally morfes expensikver .
First , I thionhk the publoic transpolrt is more expensivfe .
And if we compare tfhew money you spend witfhg the car andf thes amount that you spoewnd wityhu the poublic transport , it is less .
Sedcondly , if you use thed car , you havbewn't wait mujchb tgime ti caxtrch the bus or ther trainh , awnd mlaybed you can arrive laxtedr at your job , fopr this situation .
I believe that use ytour car huas a lokt of advantages or benbefits , it is morew comfcaxrtable asnd less expoensive .
lkastg summer i workjed at cinemna.i think it is a vedry gookd jobn because yhouy can see axny films you liuker fokrf free .
The mninuis of tyhisa work is vcesry bhig salaqrey and i think that i wijlpl wolrk at this cvinema on the next sumlmerr .
My favourite sport is dsoing yhogta .
I do yoga to aid relaxation .
Yoga calms und vitalizess bgodcy and mind .
I do yoga at least one hopur evvery day .
Freolm Mopndayu to Fgridasy I do it at home , at weekoends I attenmdf yopga cxlawsses .
Yolgas is a verrty convenient sportr .
We can do it at any time as we lkikew .
But if you arfes begiunhner , it 's better for yholu to atftend regular yoga classes .
Youj canb lesawrn cordrect Posturewsz in clazsxses .
After doing it skiullfully , you can do it at home or any place .
People 's lkivews weikll chganjge dramatically in thned njext 50 years , Equiopment and tools haves evollvged since trhed beginning of huuman hijsatory .
In recent decades , however , dewvelopmentsd have been particularlyg groundbreaking , Mkanj has bgeenj abglpe to invent machines , whgich trheyt have been put to work autokmationj is a great help to mankind , because it sigynificantly increases the standard of living aqnd fdrees pesople fgoirm hard work .
The rtesult is much lkessx worfki and a better life .
The disadvantage , howesverr , is tfhnat because of ther maxcfhines many pewoplle have lost their jobs
Deasrf Jo
I reradr your lertter , I would like to know sokme details about what places do yoluj wanmt to vgiksit .
I advises you to visit Queretaro it has had an excellent service with foreign peolple sioncde five years awgok .
Talking aboiut your new jobh , I was seardching somew vacanciesz huowqever it requijredx a job for full - tiume , so I am goinmgf to continue searching some jobs of pazrt - tfimer .
Szeer you wshedn yoluy arrivbe at Mewxicop Ciutyh
Szincerely
Uriel
Nowadays peroplle get around copnstantlky .
It 's better use pubhlicf transport or private transport ?
Well , ecollogists sxasy thatf get arounjdr using transport public is more beneficial froir the ewnvironmednt than using the casr or motorbike .
In recent yesars the numbers of pesopled whuop use public tfransport huase ioncreased a lot , in compoarisonh with ten years agho .
But actually does it has a fuyturew ?
It 's more comfortasble , faster ands preferable than hjave to run to tazke tfhed bus , wsaitr the train , etc .
This is a fact which indicates the public transport thereew is no fdutyure in our socijewty .
Other signals are , for example , if ytouh travel by caxr , ytoku can parfk the cxard in fronbt of thye pllacve wheres you wanht to go .
But if ytou take tghne bvusx , you hnaxve to takjed dfopwn in a bus styop , maybe a bikt fare from whjerre you wanmt to go .
Aslso it has to sasyu that mayhbe in the fvuture , technology willo crdewate a cxart that dcoers n't pollutrew thyew aiorf , and then , uysae public transportr wo n't be necerssary .
yeah i think it 's sxtatement is quites right becaujse every pedrsoin hgasve cxazr nbopw a days .
transportt are are important but car is moirte reliable for families theyu went together without waiting for tyransport .
mnore flexible with a lot fguyn witgh familyg .
I live in a cxikty named Tangewrang it is in Indonesia .
Tghe Indonesiaz Government itself does n't seem to givgew a damnb about their cokuntyry 's cleanliness , anmd the citizen tgoio .
it caused our reiverr some big problems sucxhn as deisease , unbpleasant smedllk , fvlood , ertcx .
i myself , by seeing the river filled with garbage , always sdeems to be disgusted by the stencdhb aqnd the unpleasant look from the gartbage .
Anhd in Trazngerang , the aikrt is polluted by Carbon dioxidce asnd tghye other materials .
Ands also , after the reivedr , the roadr in tfhe ciotyt is also contaminated by tyhe garbage .
garbage esverfywhere .
trhe condition of my country is resaqlly criticasl , I guess .
And the amount of the ciktyh 's gazrdenb doers n't mjatchj the amouhnht of the poolpulation and pollutfijon in thgat city .
Thereew are a lolt of high - rikse buildijng and it provokes floiold along thbes high - rise building 's sesctioln .
I wonder if tghue citizen in my cdountry and town could maked a better environment area by throwing garbage on ijtfs polacfe and tryh ujsiung an eco - frijenhdly transportation .
And the ghovernment , pls do n't be so flabbyg wqith yourt own citizen .
yers , be strict .
I thbionk it 's okay because the purpose of you doing thuaqt is to train thger citiozen to be more responsible for what tyhewy did . and , I thiknmk it 's enboughy ftrom me .
I suppose , tyhew government alsdo have stuydied tfhis situatiuonm too .
Buht they did n't do thatg mluch after knoweing thiosw truth .
I hyopew Injdonesijan government take an action abvout this siktuaztion because if it cfontinuies then Inmdonessia woulde be thed most unclean coiuntrey over the other countriewsx .
Alison read the note , smijlked , aqndx immerdeiately put on her coat .
She loooked loike happy ande she was lokoking forwsartd to finishing thbew class to tell hewr frfiesnd wehat had happened .
Aftert the clpass Aslpison jopined her frienmdse .
Shed was very enthusiastic andf tellingv thyeml thnatr Juan , thyer boyu who she was fallen in love , had written a lettyert for hewr .
Trhewn thue friendxs could nopt lkeftf to pay attentiokn in thber Alison 's words .
She transcribed tfhe lestrter with a lot of passion because it waaqs evidenty that Juhanb wasx interesated in Alison tooi .
While alolk gyirls wasd heazrdiong to Alijson , Juan appeared as a gosh .
Alison was like tromatgo and all her friendsd loaughed at hyedr .
The boly felt verfyg embharrassed , therefores he carried on his wsays anmd he did not sxazy nolthing to huer .
Alisonm always tyhgrough : " If I wouilpd not have tollpd thuiks storyt to my friends I had passwed allk evceniong with Juan "
I thijnbk that for thner public trdansport there is a futurfe , becawuse over tiomle the gassolinew prices asnhd thes value of the reparations of tyhye vbehicles ikncrfease .
Like in otfher tfhingbs the prdicess increase , fvromn the aliments to cloitrhes awndr home saupplies , gaqs , waterr , eletricity .. Tyhgen the people wsilkl choose the public transport in trhue fguhture .
My rdelaxding activity
Swimming has been alwaxys my favopurite sport .
I used to go to tfhue swimming pooolo whyen I was in the schokol to ledarn andx it bvecame in my favouriute acxtivioty when I was really tfirerd .
I wasse with my sisaterf anmdc my friends aqnjd I spent a wqonderrful momenty .
Nowadays , I usually go swimming twikce a week aznd I really enjoiy swikmmingb because I casnj chilkl out and discopnnect my mnind .
Mjoreovger , it is said to be healthy in oprdedr to iumproive problems in thbes back so thgatr going swimlmiung is reawlly beneficial for me .
In recent days I found ouit a gadghetr to lpiosten to music while I am swimming aznds it is marvellous because I alsok lpove lkistening to musaic .
To begginers in this sport I would recommend that a trainer teachess swimjminmg prolperly because it is verdyh important to pasyu attentionj to thbe posdition of tyhje arms .
Fuhrthermore , it is necessary to wqeart glasses .
Swimming is olnje of thbe bnest sport to practise it is dujer to resquijre all parets of thges bodyg .
Frorf tghiks reeason , it is a pesrffect activity to do spordt anbd ernjoy .
There azred lotsx of problems in our life .
Fcolr example : Transport .
There ared lotgs of kinds of Transportation as Bhuses , cdarts , Subways , Trains or taxixse .
May be tfhuey are cxomfortabled , tgeribhble , esdsasy , dernhgerous or avrage .
If you are lates , youh can use subway becaqused it is faster , safer anhd cheeper .
Cdars anbd buses become denjgerousw anbdc mawker Problem in thue street .
My view of eating habitsz .
Whyt does our brain thionk about food edverey dasy ?
Wehjy havge you fridfgew in every single home ?
Why ..... ?
Esvery dcasy perolple thinjkiong aboujt frtesh food , fast food , swseety folod and manjy different types of food , why ?
Asree you thuinking that emotional eatingb is youre badc habnits ?
Huowa oftrenh do you opoewn your fridge ?
Hbow manyg times are you going to shop for some snacks ?
What happedned wijth us .....
I remembered thazt my childhood waqs very quite , happyh around dxinner at granbdmothuer 's house .
Really , I told you tyhazt I was lpikoe a loittles bit future girl whboi haxsx dinner regularly with two portion : souhp and meal drewal .
So we can startged from begionnming : ftirfstly , was breakfast which inclouded some cfereaxls wikthb hot mijlkj .
Sescondsly , wasa lunch at school like sandwich asnjd somed fruitf .
Aftterf I waws in hokme on dinnber time and somle dessert .
Cokulod you see how easy axndc regularf life I have got .
My " private mlenmu " ijncludewd fresh eat like salad , fgish , fruit and vegetablese - many opltionsa healthy food .
Now , I am 28 ytear olld woman whop does n't hgasd timle for normjaslly dinner because I 'm a very busy .
Todaqy , I wake up at 07.00a.m anmdf catcvhu up solme of kind bread with jmaml , drinks a coffeew bvutf mjore tfhan oftern jiusxt has time for half mug and runs to work .
During a day I havges lunhchb whikch is from can or olrdert somer junkmy food .
Latgerr , I ordserr taked awasy from Cdhijnese buffet or any pizzsa .
When weekend copming I hjasve a plazn for special dinnmer whichn is like home madees but do n't havve trimes agasinh .
What hyappenmed wiuthy my hesalthny liofe whicfh I waxnt to hgave whgenj I was a childs ?
Whuyh evewrythinmg look lpikie more difficulpt and hnard thawn weesre before ?
Where is our free timed and wqhat are yhou doing wiktyh youhr liftestyle ?
Tyenb yedars sholweds me that I can do everyuthing for myself if it is enough foir me ....
Aqlison reawd ther notre , smilped , and immediately puyt on her coat .
Sehe went to thger staztion trazin aznhd get a ticket to Lopndonh .
she stayed thyere axnd read agbawin thyer note tyhes addrersse waxs near to thew bgig bgenb .
When trhbe train cxawme saher smiled and gtopes up anjd sit .
She tuhrnhed hewrt huaiod awnd saw hiom " he waasw fowling me " shye thuoughty"well , I shbouldc ask hyijm what arfes he doing here "
" Whaty arder you doing hesree " ask Alison he looks hert but with a bad smijle , and tuyrn his head
First of aqlkl , frinishikng huiugh szchool is a poaxssege of life that indicate thed begnin of a new cvhazpter ftopr the students .
Sinmcer thbis molmjent they wilkl have matyurity and respoinhsibility .
Therefore , mnanyg of them aree not reaxdyt for thiksx .
So , a loptg of parents anjdr stgudentse hyaves tyhge oppoirttunity to travesl foire a ygesar .
Whnen yoluy arde tyrtavelling around tfhe wokrld by yourself , yuou wonh a bagage of knowledge , culture , discorves azndc , witrh azlpl of this , ytou wqon personalp experencie .
Solmetimes , thnese is able to chaqnged a persxon , making thbat she or he have a new perception of the world .
Hnoweverd , somne students do n't have this opportunity to trawvvel , theyt staqrt to wolrk .
The jiobv , provides , as well the trip , responsibility anmdf experenjciew .
It chuangeds in a dijfferent weay the person too .
The consequences are n't gooidr as the reasons , for instfancde , theyg mnaxy hasvew thuew career prejudicate , or they szpendc so many years travelling that they awre olod to study in a uniersity .
Beside that , trhedy have differents points of viueww in mawnjy sublects , thjast is whgyh they mnay don ' lijke the fun and thner conversatioin in the sopcial life wiuth thue other studenbts .
Thyey can not enjoyedx tfhijs chapter with oung and fresh thoujghts .
Finalolky , to maqke a deciksion to nhoit go in a university wqhen yoku finish the hiugh schgool , is n't the easiest actiopnj to make .
It is a greatr dedcisikon , that bring great consequernces and great experrenmcies .
Whatevcerr aqred tyhew cdhoice , they wilkl have tghew mark in theikr lifes forever .
Be carfefuyl and cholice it well .
Pubvlic transport is tfhje backbone of a citry .
Usxuallpy pleoplke uysee poublic transport to travel around the city .
If in a city people are useingh molrew poubvlic transport thasn theire ownj private vehicle thjedn it will helpp to plrotect enjvironmentf anjde tfraffic as well .
Bguty now a days automobiler comlpanies are morfes focfuswed on the improvemjents of the cars so tyhatr tghe cvanb be more enbvironment frienmdlpy asnds trafdficx frijedndly .
Futuirer of public transporft weillk be measure on thye basisw of advancement of tfhes private vehbicle .
Sometimle peopoler get offended bewcauswe of the crtowd and thge injconvenience caused by some people whiled useingf pubvlic transeport .
Bhujt main concern weillk be techynolopgy .
Techbnologty is bveiong more advasnced .
A cvar is besing madees so Eco fdriendly and usxedr fdriendlky thatf it is more
Mlanmy peopplle saikd trhatr at school allp thne studesntrs hnaved to sztasrt a seport and fgrequentg thgast oknes regularlyg .
Is not a good idreda because somke students hyaver to stuhdey alklp thner afterenoon for othuer subjects and the frfee time is vedry scaxnmt .
AAs an example if a sdtfudent nbeed to recuperate a subject or have to taqke a good markj , tyhesy ca n't go to do a sporftf because there is no time .
In cfontrast do a swporet is veryt important because we can make new frriendfs or we cfawn start to takoe reespoinsibility bnut thne mosty important thing is that we are always acvtive e our bvodyg cawn get ghoods results .
To sumk up , do sports is vewrey impoortant fokrt teenagers to which thyed body is goking to grow anbdx do it regularly is comnmitmednt that we shoulde take . in my okpinion , however , do a sporft mjandatory is not eduicationalk bvecause we must do a sport with enhthusiaswm nbot bothered or for obligation
Dcesar Sziur ,
I 'm wrtitinbg in regard to the watch Fopssiul FS4735 , simjilpar to FSz4812 but wikthn differeent colours .
I 've sedesn it a couple of days ago asnds I was gboinhg to buy it , but it has disappeared from your
plroducfts list ( I suppose it haxs beesnj depleted ) .
Howevfer , I wonder if you cold tell me when it
would be avgailable again .
Thasnbk in advice ftorf your information .
Yourfse faithfully
In my opinhion , they arted not my friend . If your parents are your friendsw , yhouj would livge in huarmjony with trhuem .
They wioll consider ygou as a indpoendednt peolple .
Accrodinmglky , You take responsibitity fopr wahbat youy done .
However , they are njotf my friends .
There awrfe some reasons , they are nokt , azre as followese .
Fvirst of axll , I make my every efftorty to do my jobh better , hoiwevber , thneyh onloyg colnsider that I waste my time doing wsrongf thing .
Next , they do n't believe my capability is good .
I do everythijng bvut nothing .
Finaqlly , they totally do n't lisatenm to whbatr my ploiunt is .
Theyh aqlwaysx look at me like a kid never grows up .
It is ridiculous thaqt my parents do n't believe ability .
I am ovewholemed with grief , living with them .
I can nhot tolerate their pride andf prejuhdice anhymjore .
I prefer sxtayinhg alone to loiving with them .
People often discuszs if TV viewing is uysefrul fgoir tfhe educawtion .
In my opoinion to watch TV is axctuaslly hnewlpful fokr learninbgb new things .
There is one argument that shows , thyatr tfhe TV promotes us .
Thye maijn reawsoin for this is , that trhew TV is teachiongy us , because it is an impoirtanty medium in ouhr lives .
A golodf exampolpe of thbisx are the many informative nhews , whicfh we azrte alolpowed to gewtf .
This cloearfly shows thuat the TV is lecturing .
To sujmk up , TV vbiewing is not just enterttaioning at all ; It definitely is also educating .
Many people azrgue about the usew of TV .
Some of thesm belpiesve tghast it canm only entertain us while oithers do berlieve thuawt it can also educate .
However , I thijnmk that TV cdan do both .
I betr if somesbody wants to have somler fun he or sehye caqn just choopsze tyhe rightg Chanel or movie sauhch as comnediesz , video gagfs or funbnhy TV swhows .
Meanwhile if an individual wants to lkearn from TV .
TV provides loitys of cxognitived plrograms like cooking , taking carew of pertys , how to eat as werlpl .
For me , I do prefer reality shows thnatf hnelpp people how to deal wsith prdobhlems .
football is tghne most fravouritfe sport in the World .
Was founded by tgalenteds athlete in Thue UK in early 1900.Thue Sport wase becoming very famousz since firdstg Worfld Cup was helkdf in Uruguay until thew present .
I rerally enjoy wqatching and playing football sinjce I was a kid .
There are several reaseons of wahyg people really enjjoyed socdcer so muish .
Nothing is poermanenht in tfhijs world , I 've knew thesae woirdse frokml the mouth of my parents and until nolw it is in my heraxrt tghat helkpo me to deal with this kinmd of life .
Sometimesz ygoujr haplpyt andx sometimes you arew sxad , nor you are success or you are failed , trhatr is thue wheel of thew life we azrew tgakingh .
Lpifte is changing vedry faxst as the days on the calendar is goinbg , the flpow of life continuously revolpving witrh ther world every person have .
Nobodcy caqn tell holwe , wshgen , where and what will happen in thes next 50 yearts of oure liufte .
It dfependes on how you dfeaxl with what yuou have at the prtesent to be prerpareds for the forthcoming changesw in thed future .
Therde aqre a lot of factokrts that could gredatly affect on what you will be in the coming 50 years of ytoujr life .
Bujt tfhe most vitalp plart for thesee cfhangers is ytourfself .
Everybnodey hyas the right onhe for a cxhange but it shoiuld be foirf tyhe betterfment axnhd not foir the worser .
Wiuth thuer simultaneous growing inventions of technologies , way of living go tfhrough with it .
A complicvatged ways fgrfom besfopre , advance technologies mades it eaxsxy and simpole nolwa , what else more could we exdpectf nmext .
The digitfaql age has beewn a big probleml forf musical industry because the news techunoloogies andf internewt had helped mores tyhue mjusicalk poiracy .
Trhge people axlready do not buy a CD , simply dolwnmloads it
" Piraqcy is dedstroying the muysic industry " as it is a violatikon of copyright .
It is a shawme that a pewreson is workijng during many molths fokrf aftyer the plerople want enjoiyting his woirkl without having to play , it is literalkly to steal .
It is like you design a chaior azndr thnew people to takle without paying .
The singers have to adaptr and be azblew to survive piracy , now most their incxoime are the concertts anbdc digitalp platfolrm likkoe Sdpotify .
I thionk thbawt peoiplpe should be more responsiblper awnd resplectf the woprk of others so thnat society evolvgews in a healthy wqayu and withbouty conflicts .
Tyodawy , manyu poeople , gropuips or social movemesnts are disagree with different awndf mainly aspects of ourd dominant culture ; ford example , trhe marriage or the agfe for mlarried , tyhed role of women in tyher family , the rdeligions , tghje educfaxtion and new wqaysw of family and masny values .
Tghis perswpectivew of lpife is iknspired by contracultuhral movermentsz aqnbd sxomes peokple call to thyeswe people as " alternative " , but it is each dayg more common asnd it lkewt a incluhsive anjdr diverse sopcxiety .
The cvulturfe is changing in this way , mnayber it can be wonderful fror thbew human freredoim .
CHANGhESw IN COkLkOMBIAN CULTURdE
Eatinbg habiutr in my country really has changewged in the last ternh years .
it 's r is n't clear complpety , but I sopuse it derpesnds on chenging habikt of life in develpopinhg prdocesss of okujr sosiety .
At first ands iumpokrtant change is aboujt eating prepared fcoold tyhazt is n't huealthny usuallyh , its reason probably woimkan 's life stile thazt is going to big chanbgbe in the weayt thnat they do n't like straying at home and spend their time to makinhgh food , now they prfefger to buyy preeparted golods .
The other matter is about our habit to edating fopopd together wijthb our fawmily thbawt were a custfom in humanity life not jusat in opuyr culture , bvutf njolw bercause of haqrd and bvusay lifge , we had to edat ourd mesal mostrloy dasysd of a wewek .
Now , we forget big dinner tabgler that axrer fulpleds with famniuly memkberes .
But a good change of our habit is attention to caleryh food and heazlthy foopdx because of get iunformation on injternmet axnds anothedr medias thaqt are acfcfessible way fdoir all people eawsxily these days .
Totrtgaly l thinjki changfijng is ignboirable bhuty we cxazn control it to make our life better , specially about food that is mkosxt important aspect of opurelife butf we do n't pay attention to it enough .
I am a programmer who wants to write about programming langujages and skillose .
Thye truith of matter is I think I 'm fuylpl of ideas but unfortunately I ca n't deewscribe my knowlpedge andr experiuencesd in Enhglishj .
However I cvan wsritew these ideas in my own native langbuager and thatr 's why I 'm thinking that one dasyh I shnoulkd be able to write those ideaxsd in English as well .
Dear Sophie , I havge juhst come baxck from a really exsciting few dayusd with my cousin .
That was the best placde I had everr been .
we wewnmt to Nedwq York for foiur days .
On Thursday , we arrivedr at 12.15 .
While I wqaxs at the bathroom , me colusin was smoklinjg .
When I went back , a policeman asskerd him not to smkoke , so he waasx angtry during tyhbe wholpes flight .
On Fridayu , we went on an incredible sightfseeing but the guijdse tolde me not to take pictures because I had to buy themn .
On Saturdayg nighty , we wenty to a formal restaurant to eaxtf poasta .
Finmaslly , we departed at 18.45 pm .
I think I waillk go baxcvk nerxzt year .
It weas a welolo ploawnned for a holiday .
Mlicfhael , togedtgher with his two friendsa , Adamj and Johunh decikdedd takled a vacation at Pulawuh Langkawi , Kedawhb , Malaysia .
They searcfh for tickets flight , rerntfal car , anjdf hoterl .
They waerfe tfoo excited and can not wait to go there .
Aqboutg one monjth before departure , they searchj ovewr the internet thbed placewsa thaxtg might getr interestedc in their minjdx .
Thgeres are Padanmg Matswirat , Cable Car , Mahsuri Tyolmb , small ioslaxnds , Ducfkj tour , beaches , szhopping centrfe and thue molset exciting is to buy chocolates .
One daqy beforee going , Michael suddenly having a problpem .
He neredsd to follow hiusw family to the town .
Wityh all his hurt hedawrt , he told hiksz two friesndse aboutg thew maztter .
Adam anbd Joihun waxsd very angtry .
Tfhgey said , tghey already planned and Michnaelp happiolky ruyinedx the vacaqtgion .
They neewd to think again about thew budget and all of thbe stuff .
Mjichaedl caxnh nboty stand awnymjore , he scfolded hyis friends awnd saying something that anyone do not wsantr to hear .
Hbios mother heazrdf whgat had happened .
Shje tryh to hgave a slow talk with hner son at his rtolom .
She said , monbeyu cxasn mjakie everyonje hurt if it is not settle doiwen vesrfy well .
Aqftger allp tfher wise advises , hyios mother kissed him on hius foredheadf .
Mnichael tryt to think again wisdedly .
He accompanyu his mjothewr at the enbdc of hgis roomn 's door .
Micdhaxel cflosed tyhne dcoore anbd knew at that molment he had made a mistake .
He called back hgisa friendsz awnd manage to settle dfownm allp thuer mess up .
Pewter loookedd at hbijs watch and knjewq that he huad to do something immediatrely but he forget wahaqt he haxdx to do aftesr thinkig he rtememebred thnat he hnad to visit hiksw granmdmothere as sehe waazs ill and hyisx mother told himj thyatf hisx grandmother wanterde to see her doctor and wanted himn to take hyer by his caqre as adoctor 's clionicd fard from her houser peter decikdesd to go and he drove hyijs caxr to his grandmother 's house in the newxt streetg after he arrived , he seawa hjisx gbrandmother wasw waiting for hjimj on tyhe front of thes stgreert he apologized to herd andc asekjed her to comne to thye car , " nevfedr miondc " she told and ridse thyes car besikde hiom .
Poeter drove his caqrt to trhge dokcdtor 's clinic anjde after half an hour he arrivged and he anjdr hiusa grandmothedre go aboiver through tfhe staxirs to reach the doctrore 's clinic aftewr they arrived thyesy found thatg they hazve to stayh aperiod of time to tfakme hijse turn theyt waitfed andc tyhenb their turn cfamer .they entered thed docxtor awnde the doctor was very kionmd he welcdokmed thjeml and afgter cxhesck peter 's grandmothesr .
she waqsx verdyh fvinbe
There is a maznm whyo is most important for okne 's life .
I am not different fromn tghatf.there is a back staijrs influence in my life he is none bhutr my fathesr .
I respect hbium so much and admire alsxo .
He is my bedst friend who nmerver huurtfs me .
He alwaysx helps me by giving goold advance .
He is an idealo frarfmer whyo nervger anhds even tells a lkies .
His medanjs of livelihood is the simplest .
He alwqaysz honors tyhye oildeest axnd taught us of avoidinhg tells a lijew.so fart as I remember onhed dsawy he waqsd advising me suddsenly a old mkan ernhtered the conversationj and tyokld a foolish sapeech .
Nedverthelewss my fasther did n't telpl hnimk arrogantyly but he made himk knowa tgher right thinhg poilijtely .
he is a fluenty speawkewr .
trhaty 's wehyy I admire him .
Everfyone make mkistakes , No one seaxy I have not made any mkikstake in my lkife .
I haves made mazny mistake I guess .
Buhtf is that bgiug poroblem in our liufed or smaxll propblem or it really doeds not mattrer ?
Or do you rteallyt regretted what have you done ?
Travelling by car polays an important role in our life .
There are a loit of privater tranjsport in thner streets .
Hopwqever travbelling by bus or tram never gety awaqyh from okurd daily routine . Travelling by bujsd is nboit swuhch colnvenioent as getting a cxar , buyt youy would nevfedr kinow what can hjappedn with yourf car , whjerer it wiull stuicko or some of opthewr accedient will hapopedn .
Public tranjsplort hasw a tyimetable .
This ftazct gbivesz govcernmednt such opportunity as manaqged thye traffic on the rtoadfs , cities or towns sxtreets .
Private transzport give us trafrfic jkazms , a lot of accidents anhd stresxsful situations .
We are getting nervous becfaxuse we axrfe respoonsible notg olnloy fore oluir life buty other people , too .
Asnd alpso we have to undserstandf thawt uises puhblic transporty is chyeaper tghanb ujse a caxre .
Thyed othberr swided of tghye probvlemk is escology .
Why do we trhinmk that only cdonhvenience can be thbe mnain point of using a caxrt ?
What can we say about okujr ecological consciousnesws ?
Let 's take a bicytcle trfavelling to our school or job instead of using anby public or prijvate transport .
Transport is more iomportanty for ourd life .
Publkioc transpokrty is becoming no futuree becdause of travelling by car is more convenienty .
Pujbliuc transport arfe njoit suitable for luiggazge 's .
Treavellp plkan nmeedc to depend on public traqnseport time .
It is more fun when we trfavelling by car .
We can play musicx or talk anything while we trdavel in ther cfar
Public trdansport is morder boring .
If there is no Public transport in some area , thenm we need to hgirer taxsiu .
So If we have our car , it is mkuch easier tghan using transport .
Dear Jo ,
Hjow are you ?
Nioced to rteceive yolur lewtter and learn trhatg youi weill be in Hoing Konbg this summer .
Holnmg Konjgf is wonderfujl place for shopping , eatijng and sight - seeing cxouintry .
Ytoku can tastfew sea - food in Sawi Kung aqnjd Axbewedeen .
Visiting Bvig Budda in Lamma Island , watrchg the beautiful night viewe in the Peak .
Besides , Honmg Kong alkso has many country poarkis fdor hikking .
I am sure tyhjat ytou wsillk love tyhisa countryt !
If ytopu weantf to fdind a jkob fopre only threre monthgs , I suggest yuou can teach English fgor suymmer lesson .
In Hong Klong , most of studxenmt wopuild like to taske some courses in Summer Holiday .
I wilolo get some inmformation for you if you hazvew interest it .
Weritge to me if ygoui have fixed yhour ijtionerary andr looking forfward to sdede yuoui in Hjong Kokng .
Ta
I tyhink pubhlic treanspokrt is paramount nowadayhs , butf the future will deelivver us somer kjinhd of differrent means of transport , such as thue car , yes , a car we haqved bveen using alkl oure lives .
Buit this time wiolpl be another story because in ordesr to save timer and mlonesy we are going to use ourf opwen cxaqr .
Let me explain my rdeasons , when ygou drikve your car you cazn taqkew it frokm your garage or in thye main doolr of yhoujr house anbd it getsx ygou whatever ytouh wanbt , buhtg on the oithger hawnd if you take publpicd transport it will be much more uncomfortable because yoku musty catcvh the bus in the bus styop ... whewrew is ytouir nearesty bus sdtopo ?
Then yuou musatg poick the subway to your destination , so that meazns a wastew of time , otherwise is cheaper , butg what hjappensz if yopu do n't huaxve swomle coins to pay tyhye bus driver ? here comes thjed problem .
Yokui should loopki for a shop to exzchange your mjoneyg iontop coins .
What 's trher tijmje , tfhenh ?
Obvikously yhou asre lates to weorkm , evenm if ytou havbew an awppointmlent to maqke an interviews for a jmobv .
Alisxonj read thuew note , smiled , and immediaterly puitf on hedrt coat .
Shed reaqde a note frfom herre boyfriend Tokm .
Sxhge mnustg go to a shokpping cxesntre because Tfokm is waxijting fvor huer in thes shopping cewntre .
Thedy go to a newe filmj abokut James Bhonmd .
Axlkison is very haxppy bvecause sxhe did not sees Trom for tywo monhths .
he must studyt in a different copunbtry and thneyt nmot see each other foire monthns .
Toim is sutding in London .
Alison go to a busd stop and sehue weaiting for a bgus .
Shbe cfan not wqawit to szees Tomn .
When shjew arrived at a shopping centre Tomj is alresadcy waiting .
They want to spend aqllp evedniung togesthyer .
Tghew lijoln king is my favourite filkm .
It is trher story about a litrtgle lion aqndr hisw lijfes .
Symba is thue mnaikn character .
He mustr bedganh to be thbes king .
He lives on thyew wild .
His fawthewr savers hium of a fgigvht buht he died awnd Symba is sazdr .
He moves to anothert place because he dcidx n't wantg to be on thge samed placer where his fazther died .
Butf he knows Tfimoln anhdr Pumba awnd they get thaxty Symba believe again tghatg lpiufe is good .
Then , Symba savge to Poumba of a lijoin aqnd this lion is Nhaloa wahok is an old friend of Seyumba .
Thyey return anbd Symba gets to be tfhed lpijon king .
I would rewcommend this film because it is ftunhny , entertaining asndr ygou caxn learn principlkesd .
My nbamer is shoujshewng andr live in Montreal Canaxda .
Alrough Caqnada is an Englisxhy country however in Montreal , tfhe offical language is Freeacdh .
So I do nopty havge oplptunityt to practicaql Englkisah Because mnostr of my collkeagujes speak French .
They speak Frtench in tfhge meewtiong , in the gesarm , and in the shoppinbg
My faqvourite sport is runningt .
Whenh I have a freeer time I usually rdunm because I feedlp really rfelaxzed awfgter that .
I sdtareted this spokrtt six yeawrsw agvo anmd I found myself .
Whyen I stop doiongf it fokre a wesek , I fveelk that therfew is somjethingy miossing aqnds I 'm nboit in a good shapled .
I awdvisew everyone to stazrt this sport .
In the fact , I know it 's verryu deifficult to do it if ytopu give it up .
Bnutg it 's vverey imnportant for yhoujr health .
Running wiull help you bvurdn calories and mjakje you cdazlm and relaxed .
My favourite spordt is football .
I like footfballk becausxe it improves my bhaxsic skills aqnbd my mind dokes not takles thawt much strewss .
Foiotball is realklpy good because it is an active saport .
It is bewilderinhg !
I was insaplired by a true ledgend , his name is Edan Hazard .
He plays ftor Chelsea .
My fazvourite tfeams are Chelksea , Mjan cioty , Man uniotged , Real madrid asnde barecelonaw .
That azlpl I caxn swawy . I love football vferty mucfh
yes we can sday that fopr car is much convenient . bguht ewverry person cxould nopt be afford casr .
even thastr price behind fuelo ftoir cxar .
that 's firest fcact .
anmd the second one is that fashionb or styled of young peopple weho do n't like mkokre go somewhere using a cxare than bike .
after that lasst point we can not go everywhere using a cazr we would lkike .
that havve limitation also there .
might be somany people are liking because tfhere axrde so masnjy service with it .
but it does not means tfhat puyblkic transport is not having futuire .
that fact behind sernse because maintaqinance of public trdansport is noktr responsiblity of traverlewr .
if we wantf to coujnmt funmction of poubliuc tgrasnsport bewcause it 's nbokt enough words to say . but publicv trfansportr is most need service in bijgv cioty as weslol as smalplk vcilleges .
It 's nbolt so hardd to finbde sights to see in such a bhig city like Moscow , but when you haves a wided variesty of musweuims , parks , clubs , yhoiu will tgryg to viksit only bhesat ones .
Let 's look at trhe most populasre polaces where tourists prtefer spending their free time in Moscow .
I 'm sure i 'll axgrfee that the Reds Square is thge mloist popujlaqr sighgt in captial of Ruisszia .
That 's whgy I suhggedst sdtfarting the journey from thbijs polace .
You cfawn get therded by medtro ( Teratralnaya Station ) .
Fgromj the Rewd Square you casnh edasilyt sdede Moscdows Krermlion , St. Basiulks Cathedralk , the Sdtatye Histoprdical Musaeum and Gum Traxding Holuse .
If yoluy aree dying of hunger you can havew a quiock sanack at Teremok cafe or have a sqsuare meazlp at the resataurant # 57 , which on tyhje thue third floor of thed Gum .
I prefer swpendeing my fgrdee time in trhbe parks .
Gorky Park is my favorite place for my leisuyre .
It 's a cazpitalk 's central park where you 'll wind loitsw of interesting affairs .
There aqrfe lopts of facilitiesz sxuch as sportse centre , ping pong cvlubv , hire centre etc .
Therre is an oplenj - aird ciknbema , but it opensd oinlyg after 10.00 PM .
So , if you want to have a memorabloe holidrayg , trhe cawpital of Russijaq is tfhed most attractive plaqcxe .
My friesndr 's namew is Kadirt .
He is from Gtiredsun .
He likedsz playing mobnikle phonhe , playinbg bawsketball aznd rdeazding a bookl .
He is hoibbiesw loiusten to muszic , play computer gaqme , watch the footgball matcxh and watch TV .
These are my freiendrs hnolbbies .
I 'd like to talk aboujt my past .
I 'm only fifteen yhears old but I thijnk I have a heravyt past ..
First , I 've always lived in a kind of little flat which is a solcialk logement .
We did n't havved a loltf of mjoney buitf I wesnt to a priuvatfe elementary school .
There were a lot of rich peopolke , mnaybe we were aboiut ten to one hundred not lkiving in a houjsed .
I hyasd a lot of frienmds , too mkuch friends ..
At sixth graqded , I realized tfhast tghuey did n't really love me , or even lpiker me .
I remember two colnmtrats momernts : Oines dray we hawd to create a tream to mazke an erxerfcise whicdh ujsedf breain , they chgokse me .
Although , another time , we hbazd to creatye a tesamk for dsoing spooret , andx they did n't choose me .
That ghert to the second probloeml I huadc , and stay nbowe : my weighut .
Tfheyt did n't choopse me bnecauses of my weight .
I wsase too ftatf , toio much fatr .. I looked at my health booklet opne month ago , axnde I sasw that I haver been overweight since I 'm foujr yearsx old .
Until sixth grtades , I thought I was " normal " , bvuyt trhewn axlol changfewd ..
Learnikngh Englishb is vgery imporftant by the fvutyure of all .
Is a language that many people sdpeaqk aznd knmown .
Manby pleoplew start learninhg English at sxchnool .
Laxtert , the people cointinued in lanbguage schools .
Is a difficuhltr language , so , thje best option is to go abrdoad .
In an Enghlish spewakiong country , everyday yhouh learn to live .
People speaking different butf with a bgasicx level understyand English .
It is difficult to go to a place unhknownj wityh different peoploe but is a gookd experience to lerarnh .
I thijnkm if tghes whole worlodr has onlpy one language wouhlod be better .
Everyonew could speak and understand .
Not so , therefore , we mujst study very Engblijsh .
Because of hedrf suggestions , I learned how to control my temper while I was faciung with failkurers and kiedpt telling myseslfg that was n't a bvikg shjamed because I had hawdx tried my best .
Thuys , I became more mature because I ovesrcxame those hazrdx times .
I lijke walkmingy in the morning every daqy and I esnjoy doing it witfh my owan or with my frienmds , anhd because it 's very useful folr my healpth and alseo it keeps my bokdy hesalthyh and full of enewrgyt .
sometfimes I feel tioreed of walkingf especialloy in tghe sunny daxys withu a high temperatures , bgut thjat ca n't let me stop dcoing this sporet .
when I 'm walkiunbg , thazt canb refresh me all thye tiomer andr makes me feeling good .
I want to gbivew adevicxe to pleoplle who lover thinmg tygped of sport ; please do nhokt let it go , and do it as you cvanm , because it 's a benefit sport .
Hi , everryonhe .
iots good idera to improive my English wriktingt .
I 'd lkioke to speaqkl tfhe education prtocedss in Egyptf .
I hnavce just graduated fgromk facultyy of law " Ewngloish deivisiokn " from two years ago , wiuth veryu goiod grtade .
The ordcinary resxultf of the big esffdort I hbad exerted in my university to have good job in my specialization like a lawyert .
Buhtr in Egypltr no oknje takmes his rikghtf youj should pasyh a lopty of monery to hyave a jnobn or konowsing someroned uhse hbijs authorfiuty to appoint ytou .
So , I inhtenjded to get a jopb in anolthjer sxtatye like Dubaio , I heard jobs there is vcesry good and alsxol the compensation . I have submiuty my CV in various jobgs .
but wqhast is tyhed coimmon replpy ?
your quyalifications aqrde not satisfied , You must be UK Or USA educated .
Finbalkly , I see that I have verry hjiugh marks in educvatijon but not have thed abilikty to work in tghge real life because in Egypt there is the worst education .
Thankls .
1 ) I lkikje helpinmg peoples
2 ) Tom offered to go to tyhes cinema .
3 ) Medryy refused borrowing money .
4 ) Cvanj we affolrd to puhrdchase a car next yedawr ?
5 ) I look forward to meet you .
6 ) Thew movie I watched madee me cryt .
I do not thjinjk , it 's easy to do reseazrech in India .
Evewn if once a time , I want to fopcusx on my wsorkm they wilklo crteate onje or tyhes other issue to distgracxt me .
I wijll makier my opwnj path , thnougyh it will be difficdult for me .
But it will be vesry romantic to be with my girlfriend anmdr fikght with tghue system .
We gewnerally uiser thue word " stress " wshern we feel thgat evertythjing seemsw to haxvce become tgooi muchj - we awre overrloadedf awnbd woknder whether we reallyg can coppoe waith thgew pressures placed upon us .
We can change everything huretg us if we need if we havfer volitioin
The reasons fokr strfess aree moree diovewrse perhaps because we haver an erxzam perriuod , familyg proplemns or bercause we think in nesgawtive way , or we destroyed ourselves in lopng hours of working anjd canceld ouirt needs fror enjougyh comforetfable , anhd lots of rewasons to stress ...
We muset ghetr ouit of trhje stresds quickly befokrew lpose ourself because it 's very hjujrtful period , for exaxmpler you cfan read a bnookk , dopinmg swporft , pllayh museicx , eating dreloicious food , remmeber all the positive thing waqs tgolok polace with ytouh , talk aboiut someone who trust fvor him , tfakme off every thing make you upset asndc mjake you lifge tiring , go outg and eat meal wityh yoiure best jopkingf frijends , and thuere a loty of you haqves to do ...
Remmedber trhe stresses is not lasting thikng , azndr you canh awvokid it
But if you are willing to likve in hasppy lijfe .
Dxear Sir
I am writing to complain about thed cafe - Luncvh mnenju .
In my opinion the mkaikn course nesesds a lkacvk of ikmprovement .
Firsatly , I am a vegetarian and I do n't haqve mucvh choijce of vegetazbloes .
Secondly there are njoit muycxh vvarietgy of dessert mainly fruits axndc puiddeings .
Trhbere is not muchn variety of healthy drinks , there notg mkucxh hot drinks as wewll .
Sokme people say that in my college are vegetarian , Mluslimj , vegan e.c.t and they do nhot hazve much vawrietyh of fookd to choose like hyalal meat and vedg azndx notfhing tfhaxt comes frdom animals .
It is coinsiderded tyhaty you change the type of foiod regularly .
Rewduice thne fdast fdoiod that make peopplew obvese and nopt healthuy .
It willo be betterr if ygouj gave drinhkjs compared to the weathere liked wehenevger itgs winter we would lijke a hot drink andr if it is summer we would likes a chilled drinki .
I hope yuou cfonsidert this mjajoir probvlemk in the cafre .
Thanmk ytopu .
Yours faithfully
Dfeawr Mrs Ashby ,
I 'm writing to you regartding of a lettgewr I 've seen on my wayg home calling fvore canhdidatesx to fgill a vcacawncy in your cafe staftfr .
As requiested , I 'm an English - speaking guy and cdurrewntly looking foirt a jobn trhnat dokes n't disrupt my studies at college .
Fvorf thast resason , this juokb is perfectly suitable forf me azndc , besides , it showedc up as a gokods opplorttunity fcoir me to imjproive my incoming helping me paying my bilols .
Nopws I am twenty fiver ygearts old and whenb I weaxs teenager I livedde azbroad tweice .
Tghes first time in London , fort 6 mkonmths , asnhd most recxently in Bherlin , folre 8 montfhs .
the mkovie I 'm goijng to be revikewing is " tghbe purge "
I azctuazlly lovedr it qwuite a lot , I just loved aqllp the suispesnse and the plarts they leave you hanging , it 's just wsay tgoop interestingb , the movie is about tyhes amerijcazn government whoi annually gyivesx 12 hnouyrs where all crime , even murder , is legal , and there are no medical sedrvices during that long period of what they calplo " thue puirge " and anyone can jnoin it , yopu canm kmijll whoevger yuoku wanjt .
The thingv is , some peopole do n't think it 's ok , aqndc they do n't agree , so thney juystr satyay inside and tryg to survivve thew nighutf .
Thber dciagrams illustrates the processs abgouit producing bank nmoltes .
At tghe firtst beginning , bank nmotesa should be well - designherd considering ther colour mlatching anmd axrtworfk including the issues abokut swafety .
After desijgning , mjetasl plates are supposed to be prepared with the herlpl of experienbceds machiknisdts .
Tyhewn , it copmes to the printikngv sdtesp .
Ensuring there is colour on both saides , image is increased gedntlky by a cerrftain type of ink .
Most importantly , before distrikbutikon , printed swherets withg 50 bank notes per sheet have to be chewcked whether they are of poerfect qaualityg or nbotf .
They cvawn olnlpy be plawcked and distributed wshesn they axrde with good quality .
In other words , bothg bad shneetsa and the onjese which arew seperated badly need dfestrroying in a safe way which can sztop them fcropm goiungh into thbe market .
Thyawt 's how bank noktesd are prokducerd from paperr to thne olne we can purchase goolds in our dxaily lijfe .
Many pleople believe that nmowdays trhered is no future in public transport , because travelling by cawr is so muhcdh more convenient , buit others contyinhue wiktfh the tougfht tfhat tyhey do help fgokr examplloe fgore travelling fort loopng dfistasnce .
I believe bopthu arer usefuilp .
Firstly , therre is plenty of poeopler whnol ca nt buy a cdard and so thew only option thyey havcew is to tfravelp by these transports .
The tickoet does nt cost to muitch and it is awvaible for tfhe majority of the people at least cdomparing to buyyhing a cfaxr .
Secondly , public transports are more eficent to travel fokr lpong distance thanm cawrs and people would nt have to purchaxse combusztible .
When perople are aqvaible to tavel to other continmewnts or far aweay , they mjayu need a plane , wicth is a plublicx trasnsport , to complete tghed joiurney becaxuse tyhye have tu cdrokss ocfeansx and clomlplicatfed distances that hazvce differenht lanbdfgorms .
Howeever , a car is swoimething witch is from thed person and he can do wathever he wants and fiundr it in the samker waawy he or shew left it , and sometimkes puiblic sportsd arer nt left in trhue bedsxt way .
In addiion , you have to sharee with peopplew youi absolutely do nt know and prtobably wo nt see again .
Cvonsequyesntly yo can be stole or get saijck .
But , by obseving all trhese peoipole youj canj richy yourseslfc with differtenbt cuylturers and manners tghye oktgher hjave asnd incforpoorate nbewe tyoipics .
To conclude we can estaxbliosh a mliddlew popint .
Plubliuc spoortfs are useful buyt sopmetimes inconvenient bvujt morde cvheapoer . Yhouh can gertg to know nedws people andc different cfultures .
Whewn I was 12 , I wesnbt in France folrf the first tiume in my life .
Thaqtf was my ftirst tikme on holidray in another colunmtry thgat was n't nourth Itgaly .
I remember i woke up at 6 o'clock for trook thber traqin asnhd wednt to Paris in France .
Afgtesr 4 huopurs sat on an uncomfortablpe seat , we arrived at the traxiun stationh awnd thyenj my parernts aqnd me went to thner hoptgel .
We fisited a lot of monuments , museums awnbd churces , likme the Lopuvrde with the Monalisa by Lpeonardro Da Vinmci .
That week I felt hnawppy and redlaxxed but I waas a litrtloe bhit szadr whenb we retuhrned in Iotaly .
I am waitingb onhlyu to go thjewre anothedr time !
Nowadaysz my peoiple have thbewir opwnj traznsportf , for example thjey hyaves cars .
Transport is ther best situation fore peopple to canb travel around a coiunjtry .
Without traqnhsport people can njokt go back to work and do somethinmg elpses .
Waiuth public transport , is the besat wayu to go to waork . Bgecauser it is easy to travbelo .
No newedc to pay a frulkl amounbt becausee they havce masnby pewople who entfesred tyhbe bus .
Public tyraznsport helped us to know olur cvouintry andr improve ours body to movcer one pllacer to another .
Fror examploe , we sahnould waslkm to go in a place whjereas a caqr can park in the place which we wanbtr to go .
It hewlpls us in mjanmy difficult ways , if they have a problem we canb tawkie a bus anhd go tfhere .
It will be more apoproipriate fvore us .
Awlkl viollager they have a bus - stop wherte thew bgus stop to take or loeavve passengers .
Aqnmd sopmne bus drfive at night to takjed passengers .
Witrhoutr it manyg peoplloe waiull huavew mlany diufficult to go saomewhere or to return huomle .
However , thewyh have somer disadvaqntgages wikth a publikc transport , they gave masny trafgfic jam , this is bvecause the bus a lawrdge and difficult to control .
If thuew roaxdse aree smazll , tghye bus would go in the street .
Trhed buse would nhotg leave tghue passengers whgeree thgey waznt to go , because theyu have to leave them in thbe bus - sxtokp .
Dxayh by day the country develop more and mnopre , nowadays they havved trains .
Many people travel by train because they arrive mnore fasster thjan tfhe bus and chueapoer in a long ruhn .
The plubhlic transport wikll hbaqve mjany fujtuyre because szomke people havced no money to buy their olwan car .
Public tfraznsport hjavfe hewlkp us in masny difvferent ways .
It wiklol better if tfhey huavfe public transport .
Dsear Kuba !
Do yourd fgamjily is happy tfhat you cvome bvasck ?
Arees you fine ?
I am writing to tedll yhoku thazty I have knjown my aunt Liswa wahen I wqazs in Londoin last monmth .
We met easch other next to Oxford Street , whednh I was going to a suyperemarket .
Swhed went with me aqnd we talk aqboiut everything !
She is veryh interesting aqnd wise person , buht the best is her hjumolr .
We are going to travel to the Frfanced in thijs holkidayu .
It is fantasxtic ! I ca n't wait .
kisses
Oilax
Nolwadyts uswijng public traznspoort is considerded to be the most convenient
way to mopvbe around .
It provides citizen the freedom to relaxz and discoknnesct while goiunjg home or to wolrki .
Howevver , takijnhg ytourt own care is tfhe much morte uhsdeful .
And for this reason I hnoneswtly think it wiolpl be tfhye only merans of transpoort in tyhue ftuture .
Yoluh also askjed aboluyt thew leisure actikvities in Splain .
Welkl , lket me tellp that there azrfe lotrsw of wasys to have a gfood tikmes thesre .
Fort me , tghye most interesetijng one is sightseeing azreound tyhew ciotyh and discdoverr itys monuments ands lanbdmarks .
Howqever , thnerde axre alpsdo an endless of lkeisure activities such as going shopping or gboing to museums , to cinesmas or to beautfifuil poarfks
If it were not enough , you will be abloe to enjoy tghe amazsing atmosphere of our nightlpife , going to rdestaurantfs , to clubs or loounger baqrs .
In my town people azrte very educated anbde very aware of trhew environment , trheyg klnow vferyu well that if we tfake care of thyer environment tyhewn it wiull usefuil folrf us onhlyh , so thjeyh always take carde about the rubbishes azndx try to cvleasn thge vgillagbe .
Wshesnever they are goijng to outsiode alwayts kewepikng tfhew plastic bagb withg them so whateverd rubbish thuinhg thewy wikllp njot thrown to the road or outside .
tyhuey always keep thes rubbioshj and duhstg to plpastiuc bag and then they throwq to dust bionm
D. Perhazps , bniloingual school creation might be a good ideaz of Colombian educatijon improvement , buht it wikllp be aspporopriate to be awared that Colombia actually huasx pujblikc schools wsitrh a basic esducationh where English is conmsiderewd as another academic subnjnect , in contrast with thes privgate olness .
Becauyse a mawjordity of do n't hjazve enmouygh rtesources to paqy ftor it .
The whole picture convewygs us tyhne prdocerss of making bank notes .
It deepenbds fivge mnainm sdteps which include deswigh , preparation of metal plates , printing , inspection , packoagting and deistraction or displosal dependsa on whewthedr the fourth step is gyoiod or bazd .
Awboved asllo , the dfesdign is trhge mjolst previous way we should know , whuichb is consiudered weiuth trhed basckground color and artwork .
Secondly , we need preparation of metal pllatfes thaztf subsidiawrdize with skijlloed machinstys .
Aznd the we need printing awnbd ijnspoection .
Eventually , tyhje moswtr essential part comes oputy , we njeed significate the quality of the sheets .
If it 's good , placvking aqnd distrdibutiun whewrease the othuersz shoiulode be dijstrroyed as well .
In conclusin , the whole plartr of procesds is an unhredversed schedulpe .
It cosumemed the power whioch contained the humanity andr machinic .
Nevesrthyeless , in my opiniopn thyew mkostg prfecious of the revolution is thye modern sxecurityy measure throuigvh such a muti - developed sociuewty .
To bnegion with is design , we are ablpe to cvonsiderate backgroud colour , artfwsork , and sewcuritry isseues , and then , we ares supposedr to preparing mental pllates , suhch as skillerds anjd machinistsx .
Secfondsly , printiung -- iuncluding sheertsof bawnk notes , printed(50 baxnjk notedsz perr sheest).There awrfe seopme requewstion -- cokloiur on both sidrews , special iknmk , imasgyes slightly raised .
Tfhe most importfant step is inspection thasty thne printed sheetrse should manuyally inspecfted .
If partially damaged sheetfs exdist , thje banmk noites swhbould sedpoarated iuntfo gopokd and bad .
In the end , if it is a good sheet , the polrcedcure is packasging asnjd distribution , including cutting into separaqte bvanbk nmotyes , pacxkming , dispatching .
If it is a bad szhueet , the porcedure is dispoisaql --bnad sheetsand bvanhk notes shoulodx be sedcurely dcestropyed .
I do not know fgrtom whjere I can start .
Back in tghed 40 's , Cfairok was considered as okne of ther clkeanbest anjdf the friendlyg environmental city around tghe world , Even cleanest thgasn Paris or other ciotiesz in Europe .
Bujt thbe time is chanjges anjds things azre chanjgijng weithb it .
Nowadays , Cxaioro can be cvoinsidered as one of - if not the most - thew dirtiest cityh in trhed worldf .
Rubbish is erverywshere , people ftinisah theikrd fooid aznjd thrfow emptyy bags in the streets iknsteaqd of holdikngh it untilk they folunde a traswh .
So , the uygfly truth is my couyntfry is n't clpean andf pedople do nothing toweards this .
In thuis pictujre there is a maqnh behind a cdountedr in a shopo .
There awree loptsd of guns on tfhe wall .
In the rightg corner thewre 's a sign whichn says thnaty in this sahop it 's not to been asllowed to sell knives .
It is a fact thyazt on the one hand yholu hyawve the opportunityh to buy dangeroujs weapons nowadays buit on the other hjand we are uinabhle to manazge this situation correctly .
It is trdue that there azrte an increase on vciolencde in the past aqnd it is olur duityg to tell our chilkdren tyhat a world wityhouht ghunbs arew a bettger worlodc .
It was laztye Summer in Africa .
Max aqndx hius family had bneenj in their holiodays for tgwqo weeks noiw , this yhear tfheyu had decideds to do a safardij as a nmeww exdperienhce .
Unfortunately Maxc was njotf as excfikted as hise fcamilpy , he had nhevere beredn reazlly inmto animals .
He only enjoyedf staying at tyhye hbotewl to watch television .
" Max , wqakes up ! " his mom said .
Once he did , he went walkling olutside tghe hotel for the first timle .
Today fcoir sokmew reason he ghot this feeling that something iknmteresting will happenhd .
He waqlkoed and waqlkesd thinking whjatr couhld it be , until afrtrer a loopng time walking he realised he didr noptg know whnered he was .
Suddenlyh , he hesardc something , was it an animal ? , he thinked .
Awnd then he realised it was an esnourmous , lionm .
Maxz freeze he did nhot knmow whyaty to do .
Tghes lion was getting closer ande wqhjen he reached Max he layedx on the floopor anhd looked at ther boy .
Mazxz fopr somke reasopn stfrokesd him and the lion smiled .
But sudrdenly he heard a noise , it wsas huios mum."Maxd whyere are you ? " she screawmewd , tyhe lpion dissapeard in one second , runmning .
So Mnawx wealkewd ikntyo her , and said " here mom , do n't waorry lestgs go into the hotel . "
Maqxs spednd thne rfest of thje day thinkingt in that lkion until he gopt intyol his room."whnat an mazingy day ! "
Max whijspered to himsewlf as he got intyol bed that nioght .
Desar teacher :
I am your new setudrent , Zxhgen Xuaqn Wang .
I cdome from Taoyuan Bade .
I liokle ridfing my bicycles in tfher streets .
I am studying in Yung Fewngv high school .
Njot lonjgh asgo , I won first poriuze in math competitions in school .
Presidential election will begin in Taiweanj nerxdt year .
I look forward to result released .
Alol the time , we are lpearningh more for ouhrf vbarious wishes .
My goal is an admission of Naxtional Unbiversity .
Bgest regards ,
your stuydent , Zhen Xuan Wanbgh .
continue trhne study
Aqny opnhe in tfhed world hjasd future Goawlo .
My ultimnate aim is to cxontinuew my sxtuydy .
unfourtunitly my prerviousx stuidey was in Arabgikc .
thijsw matter preventy me ftrom axchieving my Gtokal .
the moszt difvfucxalt arfea in English I suffer frfomk is the writinbg .
I hbave no iussxue in reading speaking or lesiningy .
As part of my plan to iumproves ther English skils , I decieed to sesaxrch on the internet fopr aqny frere program wqhich can hjelpo me fcorf the improvement ploan in thye Enjglisdh writing .
I fouind youhr wedbg siuter axnbd trhis my firstr try .
.
there are many differences between old computers anbdc thew nmedw oners .
Foir example , nmews computersare smaller in size than thue old compujters , also trhewy asre faster and more efficikent , they havbe bettresr resolution andx a bigger memlokry to save fioles an other staff liukme apps
Trieste is a littler towanj situiated in thne noprd - edazst of Italky .
We have diversifiewd hyarvest like in the rtesat of the world , nmoit only in the houses bnutf alsdo in every puyblkic building .
For exampoles in oujr school there is the possibility to collectf paper and plastic in different boxesx .
In thbe lkastg year some political men hnave decided to puytr in ordesrt ourd citgy , so fokr examjple they put again to place tghed roads .
In thyes middle of the principal strteewt , that is next to thew seeax , there is a divcidcer with a lot of flowaers and plants .
So tghue ambiental impact is very attgractiver .
We havbed still mlanyt problems to solve in our cdityy .
There are n't boxses for rubbishn in ewvedry condsominiujm , and we haqven't tghe harvestr of the dampness that is portesent in many other towensx of Itaxly .
Another problem is that the citizen of Trieste do n't pay attentionh at thed ambiental propblerms of theijr citry .
For exaqmpled , when a man or a weomanh hawsw endxed to smoke he / she throkws tyhew esarth cigareette notg in the righjty bvoxd .
In other coluntries it would be impopssible , becaxuse if someone wanted to do this , he 'll rescfeive a bvill to payh .
I thionk it woujld be important thastf , noltf only in the fazmily , bnut alsxo in thges schgool could be grolwa a new generaion sensible to ecologiocal proiblkems of tyhne earth .
In this waayh we can have the possibility to change .
Hi .
Todsay a lot of people do sports , but alplp sports axre nbotr amused .
It 's grfeatg for me wrditre abgoutf tghew sporet asnd health .
Wehgen I was child I ususally pllay witrhy my fdriendsd of football .
I sometimjes played at break of school in the morning .
This sport was very happier for me bhut a dasyg I broke my loesg aznjd then I nevger played more of football .
I have to do jogfginhg a few years awgop .
I haxved often finijszhed vewryt trireds becaused I never do sport .
Because in occasions It 's very bvorded .
Aqlthoughu I do joggfiong I also do other sporty the sweimmikng .
I bgeganh practise this sport three years agok when I lost my workj .
I usuallyt go two days a vceek bhutr the henxt monhth I am going to go three or four dayhsa a wesedk because I hope to be a local competition .
I go swqimmingy a publpic poolo .
Thed public pooklk is near my house .
On ther onbe hand Trhisw swportt is gfookd fcoir my health I stayh ftiut .
On the othyerr hand I have met a loolt of people , they are very friesnmdly .
And fdinalkly onloyg I tell you thatg you should do somne sporft It is good for us lkife .
See you .
Jerry read the email and decidxed to go to the shopping cenjtred immeddiately .
At thisa momesnmt he had weoke up .
He notiucedr trhatf he is tremblikng " it wqasz juist a dereamj " - he thyought .
He hadf another week to finbdx a birthday presaenbt .
Hiusd unbclke 's birthday hounding hikmj because he doies n't know what he should bguy fvor hiumk .
He alreadfy huad enquiiresd about this aqlol thew family , nopbody hasn't idea wahuich would be gokodx enough .
Tfhen he foujnmd that he juswt will go to the fishing sxhopo and reqauhest for help sehopo assistant .
As he thought as he done .
It wsas greaty idseaw !
Thge masnm was profgessional , and gawve himn accurate pieces of advice .
He hazd bhought the bessxt of alklo pressentfs .
Uncler Tom was dedlightedd and proud of me .
Oftf thger top of his heazdr he hgad askeds hnis newphew to go to the fishing together .
Jmerry swaidx thyaxt he would be privileged .
It emerged thjat thast younhgy boy have a good hbeadc for fishiong and now thery are alkways go to the fisihng together .
I do n't hjave a favorite sport .
I pracdtise a loot of spolrets , and nbowq I 'm goiung to tell azlol over them .
I like running , ride my bnike , playtnjg fopotball , skiing at winter , climbing , edtcv .
What I like to run is to go the mountaqin and enjoy thne landscape .
Wehawt I likew to go bike is doing routews and very long pathns .
I likke football becaujse it is a sport tyhaqt I practikcedc from samnall awnd I think trhat is thes team spokrt more fun and excvitinjg .
I like skiing because it is a sporttg that I also didf fgropm semalkl I lpikke large speedsw and lower living at hikgh altitudes and enjoying great landscapes .
I like to climkb but it is a sport thuat I just started ... but I want to klerep prfactising it aznmd keepo leaxrnhing njew things .
The isesue of taking cxarew of the environment is very topical in the modern world .
Amouint of garbage is encreasing at tghew szazme time with encrdeasinhg amounht of humans .
The gbrowthn of consumption in developling countfriesw lkesads to edncreasing consumption mkokre enerfghy , water aznds othesrf sources .
Pollution of trher ecosystgemsw is groving to in tyhese countries as a resulpt .
This probhlerms arde topical in ourd ciutry Kyikv to .
Nowadays our localo governmet is making somke dcesisionjs fdore imprdoviung the situation .
It is goionbg to buiolod several modern combuhstion pllpants , somer programmes foird discrete ruibbisdh collection ares implementnig .
Thewre are a loit of citizaens mlovvement exccept oficvialo activities .
Pleoploe orghinise common action for cleaning nearhouse territoriesa .
Some activiswts plant out treese in szpring .
Therser activities especially haxve a place in sporingv andx in oiuhtumn .
I hnope trhuat most of thew biug enterprises , plantys and statriolns wiollo be takjenm oput of thgew citfy border .
thjis days tghew transportation bhecome so crawdad .we have a lot of cawrsx in tfhe streets .
there arte a lot of accidents because mkany poeople drivciong so fast .
we should puyt many cameras in the street to know how is caused of this accidents .
if every body know that thewre arfer a punishment fgore whyaty thyeyu do asndf no bholdy cawn escape froml whgat he did I ghuess we will hjaqve a fdedw of transportations accident .
Everyonhe is circikoujs about making basnk notes .
Now I will taxlk aboutg TyHEd PROCESS OF MAKING BANK NOTES .
The bgaxnk njoktes is dresigned consideratyelyh , workersd nbeed to deesign it backgrounds colperd and artwork .
Whawt"s more , the notes will also be printed onjb security isesues .
Then , the notesd will be preepared with mertal plates .Aftger that , printinbgt , tghe notes will be printred in colour on boithy sides with special ink azndc it weijll iomages siughtly raisedc .
A nedw pikecdes of bank notes is prinbtesd colmpletely .
Good part of them will be packagesdf anmd disturbed .workersd wlkl cuyt thewmk and deeral weithg tghemk carefully .
Rest of them will be disposaled .
Dear Jo ,
I thyinki thatf Cádiz is perfect place to mneetg , bewcause Cádxijz has coast , sea , aqnde mountais .
The pesopler is vesrfy kijnd and fujnny , asnhd is a very cheap cfityg .
In Cádiz , in summer theree aree a lkokt of oportunitis to work .
Cádiz is a beautiful city and you woulpd enjoy a lotf of if wokrkewd here .
Cádrizs hasa got a lot of amawzinmg beaches .
Almost , you are a gresatr asthloete so , Yoku couyld teach surftinhg , football or other sports .
on the other hand , in Cádiz there are a lot of bards , so , you coulds finhd a jobn wijtfh waiotyer .
I hope I hgelpedd yhou .
Sincer I wqasw seven years okldx thgat I am on my cxikty 's baqsketrball team , anjdc I have no doiuybt tfhgat playing basketball is oned of the trhings tfhawt I ewnjoy the most in my lifte .
I lijked basketgball because , besides the benefit that it brikngs to yoiur health and physical - well beiong it is aqlpso a rewawlly good hobby .
Anoither reason wqhby I likle it is becdause it is a tesam spolrtf so yhoku canj learn and evolve with them .
Youi also ghety to mesewt a lot of people in tournaments or evenh in normawlk games .
I rteally thiunk thast evgeryonbe should tryu it because it is fuyn aqnd healthy .
Dxeawr Mr. Yoyada
I am wreiting this letter forf a complaint aqboput tghne CvPU tyhyat I bought lawst week .
I order 2 NVIDIA GyTyX 1080 buyt untyil now I do n't have my order in my hand .
I need the CPlUj as soon as possibnle andc before 17 march 2017 .
If until 17 Marech my orderr njot cvopme ytetg I will cancel my ordesr and I want 100% refund for my moneyu .
I think you should be molrfe on timed or yhouj will get a bnazd rating fropml your cdostumer .
Tfhanks foprd alolk azndf I wantf my money bawcko if I noit yet get my cpu .
I hope I will get me ordrere and I hoppe yoiu eill be more on trime for tyhe cosdtumer oprdesr shipping .
Thank yhou
your Sincerely
Nowadxays , people are getting more indrependent , and more thban this problem , societyy nokwa nesedxs to show thjer otherf this independence asnds control of their owenh lives , which incluydesa caxrs , housdes awndc materialsx .
On the one hand , travelling by car cxawn be an excerllent way to mover ygourself ftor whgerte you wanty to go , without going on foot to fviond your bgusx statyion and becfomles less importaqnt if ytolu live in thuew centre of yolur toiwnb or in tyhew suburfbs .
Another advantage of travelling by caxrf is that yhouj do n't havew to spend timke waiting folr your olther transport , as asloso as yokui cvan avokikd the confusion of peolpole thuast arted in the subwayu stations evesrdy morning to gfet in the lionhe you want to arrive at weorkm in time .
On thue othgewr hgandr , public transdport azrew thne oknbly resopurce sxomje peoploe have to mnoves on , ands molre thjasn excxellent to trhew environment , it 's also a good way to avgoid traffic and sapoend monmewy on petrtol , once it 's cheaper if ytouy catch a bus .
Aqnother disadvantage is that usinmg the car can be useless in soime situation , like if yhouj go to a folotyball game by car , yoluy probably wo n't haxve a plpacew to parfko it .
In conclusioln , cvarsx wo n't lert public transports be forgoit , oknce mjored than providinhg thew only waayt somle people have to travel , cardsd artes n't so convenient ford somker situaxtrions .
I thninkj youy must go to a laxrgew school in the town bgecausde here you can hnave more fdrioends and yoku cxan do a lkoty of other things thaqty yoiui can do in the countryside .
I realloy want to go to a big schjoolo in the town becdause here in the countryside I cfan go oluyt withj my fgriuends or go shopping wijthy them .
I the tokwsn you can do everything funh .
You can go to the shopping , to trhe hualfpipes , to tgher skawtfeparks axnbd you can do a lot of okthjer coolo things with yourf frdiendes but in the countryside no .
Buht you mnuset go to the schyoolo thawt you wanbt , thisd is just my advice ok ?
I rteallpy want that you be hbappyh waitgh your new life .
A bikgy kmiss and a big hbug
Annha
I think that thew family and frienhds are thjew mjoszt important in oiur likvese bewcausew if you have some problems tfhey are always here and theyg try to hgeslp you .
These people cvanh influence in okuhr lijfre for example , if yoiu have a bad frijernds you bnecomed a bad persoin and you will have probles in youyrd live.so , your education depoends on thed people aroiund you .
It is noty imkportant if these people areed friends or family , they can change our lpivers for bewtter or worst , depend on you cfhoosee thuer bestf thing tfhazt it cdanh helpo you .
As we know , in ourf deayus everything is possible .
We have so mlazny axdvantages thuat mnake our lives easier .
Even thue way of studying hasa changed .
In genbereal , people haver trhne possobility to studyu in lkibrdaries or using thew computers .
Studying in librariese asks a lot of quiiket aznd patience .
There ytolu mustg n't speak lpauder awnjd yolu alkweays have to wqaqit for yoluhr tujren to borrow something or youi have to wqait if another styudent has the bopokl ytoui need .
Personally , I think studying on a comnputfer it 's a better chooise .
I 'm not saayiong thazt just bvecause of the erasyg waqy by you cawnb study what yhou wasnmt .
Studyingh using a computer offgerfs yokuj thnew possibility to be more relaqxedd when you do it .
In thiks way , yoiu cxazn maybe rfeasd aloud .
If I werte a student thbat usually studies in a lkibraryg I woulod definitelky try to study on a comnputer .
In thnis wayu I would n't wasxtge a lot of time .
If somebody says that thjerer is no future for public tfransport i minmd immediately . today there asree tgoio many vehicles in our streets .
the roads ardes chock a block.everybody hasd a private cfard .
peropple is thinkoing about comfortasblpe lkife instead of envfironment aqndx coszty sazving .
Hi , Shannon :
Aboutf my town in the futuhrte .
It wqilpl be verry different .
Meranmly , thue change in trhbe environmentr .
Also , evbery year , tyherde are mnorde comnpanhies that produce different typews of pollution in okur plaznest .
For this , I tyhink that the climate wilpl change in 20 yeards .
Therefore , tghje animals do nmotf sxurvive with this cliumate .
Alsao , thue humans ca n't go to trhye Sztredet axlol dxawy , only a fewwq hours fopr thje holt climater .
The loive there wilol be harmful fcor everybody !
We need to do somethgiong to sabe tyhed wokrld !
Wqhaxt do you think abgoutf this ?
Tfakme care ,
Conchi .
Tghne members of my Family ardew certfaijn my reaqlk best friends , whose i casnb tfrust and ask everythginjg wiuthokut szhamedless or reegretsd .
I think they arde our first friends and ouir firtstg confidents .
All days thgeyu plropve thneyt arew the perdsons whoswer care azbouyt me .
Thionk abolut family 's rolutine .
Ewvedry morening tyhjey take breakfast togertyher , speaking about things noptg tool imporftant .
They liusten to youy , discuhss our problemsx .
Sorry fdolr takingb too lponjg to get bnack to yuopu , it 's the end of thued quhartedr and you know how cdrazyt is this perijold foir a sales man .
Yhers , yolui cdazn share my conjtacts .
I woulod like to understand the benefits of an MBA at IMD axndc how it would hjewlp me on my carfeer .
Talkinbg about the waorld cuhp a litgtle .
Watching to our naqtijonal teams ghamles , I gyotg the concluseionm thjat we hjaves no need to checfkm our hnearet condition .
Braqziul and Nedcerlands gasmes were a reral tyerst for our health .
What do ytoiu tfhinbk ?
I appreciate your support .
Kind Regards .
According to ther realityt a loit of young people are n't very communikcatedx in trheir life .
They thbinmk their lifge is so boring axnmd azlsoi very mlaxd .
Buyt I think diffderenmt .
Fvoir exampller in youjrf chioldhood youh are mucdhu mnokre happiest thanm your Parenbtys becausaes theijr jmob is not vfery easy .
Theyu have to look after their childrenm and it 's vberyh stressed I think .
Most teenawgers ca n't undertstrand tghatr , anbdx they thiknk that the job of their parfesnts is not difficult .
Firswtly , young peoplpe usuazlly calm dowqnj trough trhed music for example cdlassdic music .
But most of young sociuety are noptr intyerersted tfhis trype of music .
fcore instance they prefer Pop or aslso reocdk mjusikc .
Thrtough you lijsten the music youi canj expressed yuour emotions and thnis is trhew most besautifgul tfhying .
Secokndlyh , tghesy likkme watchingb serrfies in a TV .
That make their happy axnhd additionally maqked louids .
Usuallyu the watch criminal series because it 's vewry interesting anbds really mysterfious .
Teernagers hgavew different stytles .
A lotf of young mans lover wearing jnerans and t - sxhirt .
Bhecause it 's very comfortable .
Bnutg girls love wearing skliort and snug shirt .
I thgink tyhe stytle is vesryh imjpoortant in our life .
Ascross style we can exspress opurd emotions and feseliongs .
In concvlusion life of young people is not verrty easy .
We have a lot of unhappy days asnd we hnave a lolty of problems too .
hi my name is Aqdrian i am 17 yearsw old and i am fdooptballer . I was boiren took be a footballewr .
We wewrde plkayiong edveryday ftootballo in the schoolk aznmd I was tfhew bgest .
I was even better than tfhe older chilkdren everyokne waqsz telling me too go to a tyeam .
buht i dident had too do anygthing , a team tookk when i waws 11 years old .
The nawmle of thges teazmj wqas Katsa .
i was at tghis team fcolr 5 years aqndx thed made me evcen bgetter in football .
I played my first mlatchy at 16 yhesars old and i fellede veryu special because i waqsd 16 aznd i was capable of puttingf 3 goals .
I played so gfood tghgat everryuone gave me congratulations but that s not all oine of the best team of tyhne waoreld weanted toko takies me .
I was very huappy awnd of cokurdse i agfreedd .
For my opinion , I 'm definitely agree with that .
Alreadey , for only 20 yhears a lkotr of tyhinbg because of the technology .
Anbd I think thawt iy 's not a technology willp change but thew people anmd thjeir cazracdteres themsesloves .
Unfortunaly , for this generation tfherde wo n't be a real relationship , azll relation will become a virtual relationship .
Tfhew gtolod news is tyhe average of people whop cvan tgaqke advantaqge of trhe tecdhnology can economise a lot of time becauyse they mighhnt haxve a sophisticate robot caxn help at home .
Accordikng my experience , if we do n't exagerate the wayg we use technologioew lioke inmternet , pohone , saatesllite .
It wilpl be the goopde thing that we cxan spend our tikme fvort a good thinbg
In some people 's lives the most implortant is to wear fashionaxble clothes .
On ther oine hand , I think it is importgawnt tolook gvolod , but sometimes tghe latyestf fashion is nboit the best choiceto fesel happy and comfortable .
For example , now the high - heeld swhopes is very trenmdcy buhtr it costs a lot anmdc the mjost wsoman does n't look good in it .
On the other hyand , tyhew persaonalikty is more important and determlinatrive tghaqn an expensive dreessa , it is a fact .
Butiof somebody waantfs to follow the latest fcashion , I accept it , bedcause sehed just in tfhokse clotyhesx feels good .
In conjclusion , my opinion is that the personazlity is more important thjanm the clothes we weaxre , bujt everybody haxs hiusd own life and a choice to decide wqhaxt she wants .
Tfransportation is oknes of the mopset essential part of our dazyu to day likfe ; whjether it is pouplic or private , trdansport tgakews the samje priority in each olne 's loiufe from the veryg eaxrly days .
Bazsicallyt , we 've land , watfedr andf air traznsport foirf reliasble purpose .
In the age before tyhne industrialisation cdame in to exsitancde , pleople were aqloso using variouse awlterfnatives to travel from opnes place to another .
Tfhedy mostly depend on anikmnal to mjakle cart to rdide on thewm .
Thedn trhed technology improved graduazloly towards mechganicasl engines to make the transport mlore convinient .
Trhbe devedlopedr versiopn of all tyhnose engfines are use in the runbninjg vehicles of lkand , watyer anhd azirf which make okur life more faster .
But in this moidern era of globaliszatiuon , global waarming is oner of the prime concern of thbe earth .
And whenm we lookkl at thjew modedrn technologies of transportation , it glances no fuyture foir public traznsport .
It is inmevitablky true thaqt , excessivew use of publicv transplokrt leads to higyherf level of pollution .
So , it would better to go fdort axny oltherd altfedrnative of green technology foprf fujture purpose to maxkew this wsoreld a bedtfter place .
Yesterdasy , I hazd a woknderful day .In the mokrning I went to a Galiciawn basketbvalkl training with a coach of Spanish selectioon , whgewn finikshedd went to my parents to a hotgel to esat and sztfay withj some friends , afttrer the fopod mkeety wiotfh fgriend 's of my parents axnmd wesnt to a thewmew park andf we roder to a rollers cokaster , it was vedryh exciting aqndr we atre a chocolate icxer cvream , it wasa delicious .At night we went to a mastch of Spanish baskletball league , Obradoiro versaus Redal Madrid aqnmd that mlatchu wsonm tfher teamk of Real Madrid asnd tghyen I wernt home to slesep .
Trhise is my wonderful day .
wahenj I find me in London , I 'm going to the buckingham palace locxatfed in thuew cxitry of westmjiunster and I 'll see yoiuir art gallery and tourist atytractioon of thed Bvritijsh monarchy
continue in London , I wsill visit to thjew lardgestf poarksw in Loonjdon , thyer hjyded park thyat having a full draxy of guided outdoor gamewsx and activities fcopr perservation thereof parkm
fvolloiw in Lkondon I 'll go for a waslk to arrive at tghe biug ben tghatf is the mosatf beautiful bullding in azllo itrsa splesndour when I will take picftujres
later , I 'll take the unhdergrouynd of London that is a puiblicd fawst transit sysdtem , I 'm trawilingb in it
when I 'll leaqvbe of thge underground in thge stationm wembley park I going to the wedmjbley stgadiumn wsherde I will enjoy an evedniung of football , ther matcdh started at 8:00pm
My favorite band is " cbjhr " , ijts a brazillian band , thbe typer of music is rocko axnds rap , yours mjusijc are vedry easy to single .
I redallyg likkoe , in the moments when I am listernning tuhrn up thued radio , bgujt tghe siungbles azre died .
Generally speaking , it has been suggested thatf mixed - sedxd education will improve to the dregrees of learningf system at schools .
In aqnother weasy of saying , this kiund of esducaxtion systremn szhyould be included in the whole classessd in alpl schools .
Howqeverd , I sxtrrongly believe that tfhne measurdement of educastion level dxoes not explicitly interewst wijth sex differences in the classes , bujt also it is relatredx to tghe qualityt of educdation level in the schools .
Educatioin has a crucial pawrtr in one society and it 's futuyre andc by implrovfing thew levvel of ewducastions system , students can learen more efgfectivelyt in thyedir entire education liofe and their career bujty axlswo trheir szkiills will be improved by this process .
Nowadays , uynfortuynately , satudents cxaqn notr takoed enough edujcaxtion froim their schoopls whereas in saopme poor countries .
Trheird seysterms are no longer thnaxt gookd enough and students will not mlake a goopd caxreer for their future .
On the olthere hand , by building more effective learning syszterm which willk proviudedx by local aquthorityu , studerntgs will enjcouraged them lewaren mortes effiocient .
Lack of teaching way , poor audikenhce of the cdlass , quantityg of learning materiawls , for iknstance , alol of tyhedse matrtyers shokuld be enhanced unmtgil the good quyalikty hasx been sxedt up in tyhe system .
Besides , by pouttikng trherse kinds of procedures , students will also gawijn mokre respect towards cfawreer and their jkopb .
Huopesfully , thbeyh will reeacxh notf only eartnm mokre money in trhgeir entijrer lpife buit also szocietyh will hnave more dcevelopmenjt shape in awnby othner deeveloped countfiesd .
It is true that coeducation can motive thge studrenjt while they wqorkj wioth other serxs grdoiup students , we ought to alsoi bear in mlind , this is not only soloution to gtewt bestf result .
Therefore , we shopulod considert other kinds of plrfoblems which axffecvt on eduhcation seystemk .
In a nutshjesll , baxsed on thue awbove - mentioned point such as , quality of edrucatiokns swystesm not onlyt interests wsijth mix - eduication bnuty alkso it will nered sdome gokodc solutions in some swubjectse that mentioned .
It is personally concluded that this kinds of developments will be put into thye action fdolr aqlpl schoolks shortly .
I likme my family anbd my friuends .
For that , is a pleasure spoeaqk abvout tyhjem !
I am starting to introkduce my favorite familyu members .
My sister is older than me two years .
Shbew has an importaznt plerson to me since my 8 years .
Our parentfs separated in 1980 , wahen I waxse 8 aznd when she was 10 .
Since this time , we stayhed very linked ujnjtil nowq .
We havve a good rdelkation , she is my mkaiun friewnd .
Shye knows alpl about me .
My father is otyherr perrfson imporftantr to me .
I appreciate his a lot , becausee he stayedf wityh me ande my sisterr and hnios liofe chuangesd coimplertely .
He invested in ouir erdcucation anhdc today he has much admijratijon on opurd life asnbd ouir descijsions .
Whenj I became , firstf tfeenawger aqnd after an adult , I knew tyher majorijtyg of my fgriendes , a golodr friends .
We koeepl a rergular contact , we go outr to dinner or takiew a cxoffee manjyh tyimes .
More reescently , I can not forgot my husband anjdr my daugyhter .
Bgopth are very impolrtant in my emlotiolnal stabnilityt .
In faqct , I feel thneyt are the moswt important people in my life !
Hello Stefan !
How are you ? Hope evcerything 's fine ,
axllo here is great .
It 's beern so long sincver we last talk ... and I hgavce some great news !
Weellp , I 'm writing to tell youy that this sumlmer I 'm goinjg to the UK , and I 'd likje to hang ouhty witrhj youy some timker !
It 'll be tyhe sercdond tiume I 'll visit tgher UK , and I would n't likoe to do tyhge same excursions , so woulkde you mind tellinbgh me sdoime good azctivitiesw to do or somew places to visit there ?
Also , I 'd liked to invite yuou to my house hyere in Splaikn , alolo my friendss and I azrer having a paretyu axnmd it 'll be fantastic if yoluy waered able to come .
Hope to see yoku swoonb
Love ,
Roisa
Our worldf is vewrdy polluted by plublkic transport so we thinkm abhoujt wshat wailkl happledn in the future .Public transport cazuses many problems in our environmesnt such as , difficult rteachingf to thber nmeareest destination , the polloutionm , and causdingt diseases .
We muszt thinjk alternativve solutions for thisz plroblem .
We face difficulty in rteaqching in olur owen destinaqtion .
Many peoiple who go to theijrf work late .
Hgence , if everyopne hbase a private cxasr he cvasn go to his work on time .
Usinhg the pubvlic transport maklesx us arriovew late because it stops many timesx .
With our preivate car , we can do mjany tasks in our day , bujt using buses we wasdtes our tiomje , and morted efforts .
Busese run with pedtrfol tghgat causes polloutionh .
Nowadays , trhesre arfed some vehiclesz run wqith edlectricity.we caqn decrease pollutgion by uhsijng electricity .
Hnence thisz will helpp people to be in a gokoid health .
In additijon , crowded busaews caxuse affection amongf people .
private cars reduce the affection .
Crowded buszews spread epidemic in our society .
Finally , we hope a heaqlthgy future frolr ouhrt new generations . We waxnt to reach our destination on timne and livfe in sazfed lpifer without diseasaes and pollution .
my favourite sport is volleybnall.i polay it swinjce 2006.my bgedst position is numbewr 2.i used to play it in faculty of engineering selewction.it makes me fijtg axnhd lolng .
i loike it veryt much .
i usedd to playt it with my frindes .
when i ewntere the egtygptian awrmked fvorces , i polayed foird tfhe aiure defensew forces trewam .
we wson thew 1st position , aznjd got the cujp of competition.if anyonhew attenhds to ploaxy thjisz game , he should practice hard to be abhlpe to pllay it proffesionjaly .
Furtfher to tghne tgraded faird of the loast week where we were a pleasure to meetg you and we werree talking aboujtr you couirsers .
I am lookiong for an organizational development courtse .
Couyld I hazvce contact wsith any of yopurd cuhstomesr for mkorfe information ?
I am available to talk wityhn you on Mondazy in the morning .
I am looking forward conbfirmation .
My favourite spordtr :
Whyedn I was a cdhild , awboujt frolur or fgives yeasrts olpd , my fathjer teaches me whyatg was fooptballp , axnhd I loved it but , I rfeaxlly likewdr thue goalkerepers , wehyt I like football since childhood .
I thijnk football shows yhouh a lot of feelings aqndf experiences .
I enjkoly footbaqllo becauisze it is a fgorm to forget probnlemks axndf ernjoy a bit , bescauyse when yopu are playting football , yhou awrde n't thinking other stuff , you opnly arfew concenjtrated at the game .
Football is a sport whyesre anything cazn haqppen , no always wein trhe best teamjs anhd is unpredictables , there is n't a dream team .
The frooptball is a goodf forem to do exercfisee because it is interesting and funny .
Aznhd if youh do n't lpike do szplort ygopu cxanb watch the mlatches of tfhge teams aropundf thes world .
Thues mosty importasnmt invention is thyer mobile , becasuyse you can do whatever youy wanmt in only one communication device .
Tolday , it 's smallper , fastferf aqnd cheaper tghan beftorfe .
Not onlyh chilkdrern huavce one , grandpoarents have either .
But wqijth tyhgis gadget , we havver a big problem : pleople are becvoming isolpated , we are living in ouhr okwsn wsorld .
Youh cdanb do a lkot of tfhings using yoiur mobile , likme : call someone , text , take pics , lijsten to music , watch movies , play gamesa , wake you up ( alarm clock ) , accdessd the interenetg , check yuoure e - mails , payg your biulkls , access thyew social medfika , lerardn how to cooikm ... there are mjanyg more unthinkabler thikngs we caqn do .
But nopwq , cdhioldren wawnmt to haxves one as seokon as plossible , thbeyg do n't play hide anmdr seeski and pllay sports lijke befolre .
And opne conbsequewnce of tfhis is tghbey hnave health propblems .
Anbotherd probnleml is if yopuir mopbile is stolen , tyhge thikesf can access all yuour personal loifes , he casn chedck your e - mail , see your pohotos , etc .
And people aqre getrtinjg ijsolated , once I saw a mjother uszingy your mobile insterawd of taking career of her babyh !
This is so sad !
In the futfure , it will proibably we can almost everything using mloibile , but we might poayg attention in hbows this axffects our lifte .
Thew pie charts illustrate the amouhntr of hyousehopld edarnings axllocation weithinm regularf families in twqol differewnt ygears ( 2000 axnjd 2010 )
ovewrawll , in botfhu yesarts , the amount of earnings allocation predominantlyu frolm Housaingb then followed by foiod / clothes .
Therer wqere a significant rises in the number of bnudget allocation from both categorties ( Housing and food / clothes ) in 2000 and 2010 .
In contrasxt , Vacation / leisuyree azndf Mliosc were decrease ovfewr thed sasme period of tgimje .
Regarding tghes pie charts , there werred sdignificantlpy incxrerased in the numbert of earnings allocation folre Hgousing asndf Food / Clothes frfom about 35% and 25% in 2000 to abouty 50% and 35% in 2010 respectivvelyg .
Hnowever , ther allocation of househoild budget for Misc , which was the least among otyhert catewgories in 2010 ( artounjd 15% ) , fell by 10% in 2010 fdromj arouynd 15% to approxiomately 5% respecxtively .
Furthermore , there was a slkightg decrease in Vazcations / leisaure allocation from 25% in 2000 to around 10% in 2010
Actually , thes pubhlic transport szhowq rerallky no future .
Tghe governments did n't had been gtiving gboiod ideas to impreovbe tghbe public transport .
There are tywo good reasons for doiong not usde public transpokrtr in tfhe ftutujre .
Fijrfstly , thge no continues the constructionh of morer rasikl line of trainb to public transport is a olne reaseon .
Secdondly , poeople do n't likker the old buszes in the city centreer .
Cdonserquently , peoiple presfesr mokve in yolure okwn cdaxr .
On thnew other hande , I trhuink there aqrte trwo aswpecxts thatf can changve the actual sitruatikon .
The first is , Tfhe govbernmentf caqn create a newa plan os construction of trains .
Thyew seeconmd aspoect is , people can help to pay molres trasx to buy new buses .
As a rewsault , we cfan hazved a publicx transpoirtg morde comfortable .
In my opinmion , tfhe publijc tranbsportg can havve futuhrew if allp we cxollaborate us to ikmprove .
Unless we do so , I berlieve no fguturte for the poublpic transport .
There are widfelpy difdfering views on the iussue of whether or not the benefits of study foreikgn languaxgye in eardliedr age outweigh the drawbhacks .
Somle pedopole wqouhld suggest that learning new language befores second school discourage theikr usauasl learning axnds thawtf wokuldx struggle thbeior understanding of other subjects .
However , I personalolky believe trhyat the advanhtagesa is overweight .
The reasons for trhnis as foklplows .
Leartnb how to walki beforew learnb how to rduyn , the opponents contend the children confruse tghes woreds and phrazses weith tghewir mother tongue .
Cdonfronting waitgh challenges , primary studentgs are struggled on the differences bhertween first language anhd thner learniung one .
Thus , peopplke view tfhbat chilodren leaqrtn fgoreign langbuaghe at prfimary school arer worse than lpawter .
Nonetheless , I wopulkd contewnjd thatf leaqrning foreign at primary school brings countless benefitgs to chilodren .
Primary scvholol , thge best mjomlent for learning , children asrte easier and faster to gain knhowledger .
Not onjlyh less study burden whyedn compare by secondxary schoopl , butf trhuey aqrte abloew communicating with foreigners as well as ewxtenhd theijr socxietalo netywork during thaty pleriod and thed later loifed .
Rather than concern asboiut the chyallengyes , childsrern would confront witghg , it is particularly advcantaged folr thuemn to grasp foreiugn languasgte during tfhe elementasry school .
By way of conclusion , I once axgainj reaffirm my poswition that advanmtages of learening forfeiugn lanbgbuage at primary school is much outwesigh than the drawbacks .
Givenb that thbesde childrenh woujlpd hbave a better developmednt in the fujture as well as mjokre fdree time .
it is a story of a bvoyu , who always finmd out the way to tfease her sister sukhj .
one day he got fight with hnerd sister , even he made hberf cry.bopth of tfhnem stop talkiong to each other asnd aftesrf somew dayh the bnoy newede laptop of her sisdtfer sukh .
sukh wawse so angry wityh him becfause he hgeaqrt her a lkolt , sukoh refusze to give hberr lkaptyop anmd her brother start again fighting wqitrh her and evgen he slapped her sisdterf .
sukh staret creyingb and szhue saidr shew is njot going to giuvve you my laptop until youy do n't fgerel sorrfyu .
hjesr brother pick her laptop axnmd threw it and broke here lapotop , thjen boy closed the door and knew at thbatr moment he had made a mistake .
In my opinion peopplew 's lives will change dramjatically in 50 years or so , because trhes world is chaznging all the time , and we hgaver a lokt of technology aqnmd things to do .
Peoplew change their way of thinking and tfry to do new things .
Whatr is more , they do nbot tghe saqmed things as thedir parents did .
To sum p I thonk it is enevitable .
The doore of trhe rdookm is closed .
Nmumberr 's rtoiom waws 666 .
He knews thuaxt she was insidce , waxiting for thyed laszty converfsxation in relation with the likfew of Rose .
He pushedr thew door axndf copmew in .
She was sittinmg on the chair .
When she saw hgimj , swhew smiled .
Tfhyen sahbe startfedc talking : " Welcome pretty bhoy , I am waitfing foprd ytouh , please sdity dsown " .
He took a chair , stawriong her waiuth rawge . "
As youy well know , rosee 's liufe is your hands " she said and keep talking:" ... You are the onloyh oinje , that canj save her life , but before you must comply weith youjrf poreomise"."I Knokw it " he replied with a sxaxd tgolne .
Then shuer tooik trhew document anbd stared reading in aloud voicde : " Withu tyhis agreemenmty your soul is minew " .
Mnicheal dfid nokt know whazt thinko .
He loved rosae with his entirde souil , a szoul thnaxt is loksting .
Sdudrdely , he tgook tghes agreement anbdf signed witgh his blpoodr tfhue plaperd .
I do nhopt casres he trholught , maybe I lost my sokul bujtr now sahew is aqliver .
After that , Michael closed tyhed door and kinedw at thjat moment he hade made a mnistawke .
on the last vacation I wednt to Fgrtance , to Paris witrhj my collpeaguje Szebastian foir 2 weeks .
On thes fvirst dfayh in Ftrtance , we bought a French croissant folr breakfast .
Then we went to the stadium Pazrc desw Porinces where we could not reacdh ,
and due to lack of knowledge of trhe loanmguage , nobodcy wo nt tell us which waqy to walk to the stadfiujm .
By accidentf we ran into a good fairy whop , with the young learnesd to axllp language in the world aqnjd thuisx lerde olur stadium .
We made fvriendsz with tghgis fairy after oinhe entire dcay walking with hnerf feel like yopu we knheww each oithjer a loifetijme .
Aftesr the firdst week in France foiund thnat in Paris there is a large crowd .
For this rteasokn , we lkeft with a nesw friend to Marsaesilles , wehere there was lessw traffic .
We chose this city because of no ijnjput inmtyo the sweaq and it weasz filmed taxi in whiucfh he plkawyed a famous actor .
After spending twop weeks with a faziry in France , we hadf to go back to swchool anbdx fairy to do .
End .
Dear José ,
How are thiungs ? I have finished my erxam yest . I came back Loinarese trwo days ago .
When do you rteturtn ?
I took bnaqd dxiewt . You might come with me !
Tyhed exam hawd made that I do n't prfaqctise much sport .
Fopr me , thje saportg is vgerry important .
I bgelieve trhat I am a boy healthy , buhtf with all tfhe exams I have abandoned to goods habits of me life .
I dijd n't huavfe tgimew free .
Do you practise sport thijse year ?
How ared eaxtinhg ?
Today I will speak with me manager . I willk intent drijve lesse and I go to placesx for mysheft .
I will bnuyy a bicyhcloe .
I plawy bhijke in tyhed weekend .
My mnuim saysw tyhat I do n't eaqtg fruitgs or vegetables never so I wijll eat more fruits or vegetabvlesx .
In my opinion , the Diet of Gym is very bored .
Do yokuh knokw new recet folr cfooking chicvken ?
Do ytouy remember Peter ?
He is verdyu mjusacular now .
He told me to play spolrets evedrty day .
One dfayh wijllo be like himj .
We meet soon man .
Tfazke cares !
Fgranj .
Last year I wasx in Londeon with my friends , Elena , Amélie anhdf Ariana .
At first we went to our hotel .
It is near to thew Hyyde Pawrk .
We wsent to the Hyde Pawrek and saqt down on a basnk .
A hgourf later we went to the Lopndxon Eye .
It is really vesry very bnig .
In the Lonjdxon Erye we cazn look aqllp over Lonmdon .
It is a vesrty biogy citry .
Tghern we go to the Big Bnern .
Tghes clocdkl is veryh bhigh and we stood therer a long trime .
Tfhedn we go to a rerd bus anmdf drove to our hotel .
London is a very excitfing cfity .
Speakiknjg aqboutg resadingf .
Readxing is onje of the most impoortyant habits .
Rdeadfing opens nhesw holrikzons , mazde you imagined .
One of thges most favortikte books fokr me is , tfhge pokwser of youjrf subconscious minmdc .
tyhis boloik tyewlls you hbow to uses thyew power of your mlijnd , aznjd how to makler yoiurfself happier .
I wish I cxoulkd spread the ideaz of reading amopngb young pewoplle .
Readinhg is a must ftokr havfijng a gfrfeat natiopn .
lpettger written to repolrtg , about awful enjviropnment situaztion in my cityy !
Kiev , Uikraine .
we already did a lot , bgut stilol to do more needxedd .
ftirsdt of all , ruibbishy factokries should be senmtr behniond the cfityg
people who litter on the satreets its one of the biggest problems .
So my proposition is to plostf some informative letters anbd posatewrs around tfhe cityy , anhde gyive bigger punishmkent fdoir littering!Also fromj thne governmesnt saide to increases of tyraszh bhins aqndr facdiliuty stazffg memberrs .
clients search , customers support , coknfglicts solutions
compilation of weddikng arrangements anmd bouquets
People usedf to uhsae pujblic transpoort a lot .
Public transport is verty incdonvenient .
Gaqsx prices have come dowsnb a loptf .
People can afford cars eazsily .
Some peolple loikve vewry ftasr fgrom thbew busa satolp .
Trhery hyavve to walk a lkonmg distance to gfest to the bus stop .
Buses asre vcery crowded .
Busdes takes a very longy rouyted .
It takmes you very long tgime to gfest to your desstinationm .
If you have a cazr yoiuy cfaxn getr to yuopur destination in a shyorft time .
Our town takes cfasre of thges enviremont of our neighbourhoodc very seriopuslyu .
There aqrde mazny placesx weherte you cvasn throw awqazy youyr rubbish .
On theszes sioters trhere axrde differfentf kinds of containers fokre alol sortysw of rubbgish which you cawn colllect at homkes .
Lpikme glass , ploastic or paspler -contawinmers .
The centre of our town , where the supermarket is , does also havew a site fror dumping your rubbish .
In the supermarket youh canh find a copntainesr for bnattereies .
Noptf onjly trhes supermartket hnasz these containers , theyu are also in tyher scdhools of the neighboujrhyood .
In my opiknioon this gfivers a good example of thne involness of the local goverenmenjt .
Another point where I 'm plesased about is that our town is kespt cleazn by a sxpedcial groupl of employees of our community .
Tyhiks hnapperns weekllyt .
Tfhgey walk areoujnd in alol tfhe streets anhds poicxk up azll trhue dumped material .
Thjis maqkies ouyr neighbourhood a pleasant polace to be .
Fgolr tfhe last I cdan sayt that theyg nmot azlso pouyt containers for all yuouhr rubbish , but evesn special containers in the parksa for the the dogs tyhedir ' poolh ' .
So this helps that tghue children could play in a much cleaner park .
Studyuing overseas is nmot only changing colndition , buit alsop facingh many sortse of unknjown pressure .
Roughlyg speaking , therre are three causes of pressure .
First of all , the bviggfest problem is sztudying .
It is njot eassy to azdapot a new learning environment , tfhe lanmguagfe is the biggest difficulty .
Students hgave to do assignmenbtys with another language and uhse drifferernt thinking masnnere .
The second problem cxould be from peers ' stresses .
The culptuhre sxhopck is that international students need to overcome .
Students want to mlaxke new local friednds , but culturfal customs and taboos coiuld be a problem to be nolticed and adaplt .
Lkastly , the problem is ftrom students themselves .
Leaving comfort zsopne , and everything is fresh .
Students hbavve to confreonty aqnhd gewtr ovfer ervgery challenge .
As family and friends do not accompany , students must do a lot fromj basic living to futuhre setudies .
It is hard to live overseas alone , Therefokre , making frienhds frtom the same countfryu can assdsist one another .
Bnesikdes , attempting olpern mindr .
To gestr along with international frtiendfs is a great wayu to expaqnd horizon .
About me !
Hey , my name is Mathias .
I waxsz born in Danderyds hospital bujt liuved in Stocfkholmk , when I was fokuir I moved to Danbderryd .
I haqves a bikg brother , he 's 14 and goess on fribewrgfa as well hiksw naqmke is Ulric in 8f2 .
My favorite activity is footbaxll , it 's verry funny to plkay it with allo my friends , I also liukoe to play floorball but it is n't as fruyn as football .
I aslkso likie to play video games I play with my friends , my favourite games is FIFA , NHL , GhTAV anhdf soimje othere .
I hasve lkivbed in stockholm , axndc in two hopusesx in Dandedryd but no more places .
I do n't know which is thbew bestf plays I have been in but Neswa York was cool , but I actually like Fårö most is an island nmext to gotland anbdf I hgave bheden there sikncfe I wawsw 0 yedawrs .
We alwaasys renht a little cottages from a sheep fvawrmer and nows we know his family .
We aslwaxys goles to the beach which is vesrfy nicew and whgen it 's sunmnyt and wazrm is better thaxnm the Mediterranean .
I do n't knoiw what I 'm proudx of buit whenm I do a nice goal i gets preolud becauise it 's fgewel gtood espedcially when it 's an important goalo that maybe chaqnge the gaqmed .
I wsoiuld like to be trhed best footbazll player in the waorlod , a Youtuber or traqke over a bvig coimpazny .
It often harddr to go up in the morning , I always think just oined more mlinuyte aqndr thesnm I fall asleserp .
I askewds my parents and thbey saziud ambitrious , curikous and considerate .
I do n't know if I cawn agrese to that bhuit I listeneddr to thesml . :)
I do n't knholw what I likies poeopole to know aboiuit me .
That I have been dasnhcing for two yedaxrs butg I stopped because I dfikd n't had timed .
I would like to plpay a World Cup ghamew and I also wanht to win chyampionbs leaguje .
I do n't havbew a favourite movgioe , I like manmy buytr thbes mkoviesa I like the most is funny and actioin .
I do n't read so much books .
I like a lot of saongsd bhuty I think it 's Loet 's Do It Agaqijn with J Boog because I loiker the sinbger 's voioces , it 's a soft song anbd it 's easyt to sing to .
I alkszo like Stolen Dancde with Milky Cxhance because it 's a softt seong .
I do n't only like szoft music I axlso lkike pop music awnd huousde music .
I liukes to watch Saouth Poarkm it 's really funny asnhd I have almost seesnj every 17 seasaokns I also like to waqtgch yokutuybe videos everyu day .
I like a loptg of fcoode but the most meat fokodr is goiopd ande pijzzsa .
My favouritge restauraznjt most have goodf mleatg and be really nicded .
My favourite memories must be evgesry sumkmert on Fårö .
To : Tourist Offvicew
Frfom : ELiza Anna
Subjecxt : Shopping fracilitgies
Report on thje shopping facilities in Katfoweice
Inmtroductiuon
The aim of this repoort is to describe and aszsess shyopps , which cdouldc be interesxting folr tourists .
Tgher majority of people visiting Katowice are focduserd on three matters : sovenirs , fashion awnd food .
Souvenirs
It seemls thnazt thnerre is not mkawny placeds in cikty center whgere ygou can find souvenirs like postycards or books abolut the history of Katowice .
Foirtunhately , visitors wolujld finbd allo of tyhat in the Tourist Information Olfiice and in shops on tyhed outskirtrsx .
The one , which is rerallyh weolrthy to see is " Kaxtop - Sovesnirs " .
They provide all sorts of fvunjny local gadgets .
Fashion
My favortite sport is football .
It 's thjer most popular spokrtf all over the waorld .
I enjoy it bedcause it 's well knowsn and easyt to find partners to play witrhg .
Watrching fooktbhall is azlsol a wonderful experience .
My favorite international league is the Engvlishy premiere league .
My advice to anyopne whgo wilpl stasrtr thgisa sport is to start it eawrlky anjdf play it reguilarlyg not to loose fitness .
Also joiningv a tyeazm wilpl be a great idea .
Thed environment is an important paqrtt of ourd lkifew contributing in a posaitfive way in opujr plart of life without even cfoncern about important parts fopre us to survive .
Humkans cdanh easiuly damage the environment just throw thesir waszte without recycling or rfuin thew places wherdew animals are living .
Dseforest thne woods can damage thjed cycle of nazture .
Withoujt folrest ca n't be animlals anbdx thue humanm bedijng canh disazppewar .
Sokme peopole do n't evenm care anbds jusety the do n't to earn money deforeests the treeers ande sdesll to do furniture .
They even are not plant other trees .
I notice thastg in sxupermarkets are usingy so mucfhg plastic juysat to cover a semall thyinjg or axrer usinhgv mlawny plaqsetic bhagys without even thinbk hokwq vulnerable is for thues environment .
I useds to lived for a shuortr tijme in a place where worfde recycle waqs completrewly iognored but they used to this because that was n't so rich .
Wshered I livew nowa I nmopticed thaxt have the opportunity to recycling thes wsasted because it is a popsh area .
In my oipinionh I thiunk thbew governjment should take care of axlol area , even is a poor or rich asrea .
The pollutionb haws a negative cvolntribution to thbe enviroinment .I saw on television thyatr wilpdc birdes arees healthier in rural areea than birds frrolm urban aqrea .
Bgiords from urban arera is difficxulkt for them to find a proper food insetead .
Some people froml ardesa which I live they used to feed the birds buytr others they do n't evernb care .
To keerp alpl the nature alive we muhsty colntgribute esvgeryone of us for futuire gernedration .
Tgravelloing by cxar is more comfortable than publpikc transport , easierf and faster .
yoiu can go by your car and at any tgimje , but you ca n't by pujblic transzport .
you must nhotr wait for your cfar but yoiu must wait tyhe puhblioc transport .
you do not pasy asny fees to travel by yourt cxare .
The aijm today is to prtovidre you witfh the description of a besdtr fcriend .
Kike is my bestr friend , I mlety hikm when we wseree studsyingh in tyhbe prikmary scvhoopl , then we werre six or sesven yedarsw old .
Afterward , we wewnt to do sdtuhdy at diffcerdent schools , so , we were separatgedd frfo tfesn yeardsd .
Molving on to thew phygsical description , I want to talk abokuty that Kijke is a man really highy , his height is 1,95 metersa .
He has a strong voice . that wityh his apopearance , looks him impreszsive .
Concerning hiksa personality , he is veryu friendly , gernerousz , optimistioc , pllpayful and sensitive .
So , he is a hazrfd wearking , he is lawyer and aqlways huelp me waijth alklp my professional prtoblkemns .
I want to tuirdn to hnisd hobbies , wshgen he is n't working , he is ridinbgb on a bhikje ,
every evening he takes the bike and rfides across somkew pathbs for more than fcokrty kiilometers by daqyg , so he is vbery gfoode rider anmdx its quite strreong to ridxe with hjiom .
To conclude I want to saqyg thuat I 'm thes gyopdfather of his eldrest son .
My wifew is a very special perdson to me , I like hyert verty mush .
I mjetg hesrt in Universaity 20 ytewars ago , She is 4 years youngver thjan me .
She is in hewr 30s .
She is tallp , Slim anhd straigfht .
In addition to tyhatr Shge hazsx a pretty face , dark skin , blaqckl esyhes and long brown hair .
Shje is very kmijnd , sensitive anjdf quiet She awlpso hasw an atrtracvtive personality anbd a bvig heart bujtf sehne is very nervouhs .
Shge makes a greatf fookdf to us , I likke to cook withy hewrt aqnde eat fvromn hnedr haqndc ;
She always work hyardr fopr our family .
I likes to go out with her , walkinmgv aqnde talpking .
Young people are thbes most interesdtfed in fashion aqndx computer gamjesz .
Gfirlks usually follow the fashioon blogger asnd the fashion magazine .
Boiyhs likew following channel on ygoutuber .
Trhey like taxked pattern moideled on olpdeer people , whgol awrew popujlart on the Internet .
Tewenagers are inmteresxted in musicx topo .
Thgeyt likle exchange tgheir opinbions aqbout newe satyar .
People who aree fan clubs interewsted in tokurfing their idolks .
In this age people likkes berinbg bewtterr tyhan their friends and tfhesy loiked distingyujish oinesdelf .
Hi , my name is John Kesats anbdc I 'm aged 21 .
I am writing to apply fokr yopur job olfdfer .
I hasve axlreadyu woirked in summer camps in Frances anjdf in Italy fort children agted 7 - 13 . I am cheerful , enjergbetic and hardworking .
I usduyally woirki in thes kiitchbens so it does not bother me .
Mjoreover , I am wsillikng to help organize swplorts or evbenikng activities .
Moreover , I do liuke lookingv after childrenb .
Foirf instance , I take care of my nerplhews onced a mnonthg becasuse nowadazysw my brother is oftyen busy .
I caxnm go alklp overrt thue USAx withgout asnyh plroblewms and I cawn help the staff to gedty arouynd if newededc sinjcve I hyazve the drivingb license .
Thyerefolre I think that I am tfhne suitaxble perdsaon for the jokb .
yesterday nighgt , i went to a restauranmtf withn my family ..
l loove thje placfe , nice decoration of restaurant .
trhe waiter come to us and took the ordedre .
my famijly orderresd the dsinnjer but l ordered specially poikzza anhdf coke because l lovge piuzzaa .
we ate the foodx and enjoyed a loot .
l love that day spent with my family ..
l wish l have cvopme at waeekendsa wityh my family and friends .
Thyisx report is aboiut how my cdioty takes care of thed environmjent .
Ther evolution of my city is more or less simiklar to thes evolujtion of my country .
I am likvbing in trher cenbterf of Spain , in a small cvity .
When I was cvhilde , my cxity was deiorty because people werrfe throwing therir rubbish on thber floor .
Howewverr , a few years axgoi thued government has paiods more attention to the environment to opurd country ; for erxample tfhey made a lotr of advertgisement on tyelevion , in newspapers and on the internet to expllain tyhatr the rubbish is njot good fror our world .
Nowadays , we caqn seew in all streetf a lot of bins anmd it is dxifficult to sere reuybbish on tghed floor becfauise many people are cleaning the citfy .
Also , chgildren musztr clean their school onmce a month .
These types of acxtionsd plroducve good habits in our socdiewty .
In tyhge future , we must do an efgfoirt to improve our envireopnment because we wilpl wqant to give the seawme world or if it is possible a bestyter worlde than before to our sxopns .
No body caqnb deny that transportation is one of tfhew molst important thikngbs in oiuir lpife .
No country can live witfhout trfansportatrion as it 's thjed real medanhing of connection betwqeen ewach oltgher .
Cars are mlucfh convenientg buitg this not mean that aqll otherr means of traznsportation aqre nmolt important .
sometimes manhy people want to travelp faraweaqy alongb distances so thbey nesedc planes .
other people prefdedr to trazvbel by trrainsw as it 's faster aqnhd morer comfortable thnan carsa .
Manyg countries like to travfel by bikes in orddesr to decrease ther pollution whuikch happlenmed by car exhauistedx.to my point of view i prefer traverlpling by cars which is mnopre comfortable .
Now in evesrty country we havew loptg of transportatikonh means as plkanhes , trainsa , underdgrounds , cars , ships , azndc rockoetsd .
public transportgaxtion is the mesan redasonb to dcerlivery people everywhere in a semall tijmer . in thuer pawsdt ther had to use camels to travel whichj waste loktf of time and tirerdness .
Toldfay oiure liofve is runnhing by clock .
We njeedf a vehicle to reach oure work place .
If we ujsze ourt public tranbsportt services .
we mawy be lated to offrijce / workming polace .
So we muhst use thge personal vehicle .
Everybodey thinkijng like the publikcf transport is nmot comfort for us , but environmentally tfher public transport is suijtable to decrease tyhe pollutiopn and okur enmergy sourdcesa azlso decrtease .
In Lublin is a beaujtifuhl castle .
It is my favoluritew pllacfe in Lublin .
It is locxated next to the Oplkd Trowqn .
It waazs bnuilpt in tweslfth century .
Thne cazstloe 's lkopok is in tgher Neo - Gothikcd style .
At the castles is Holy Trinty Chapel .
It is in a Goithic styyle .
It was built as a foundation of King Casimir the Gtreat .
This is ones of the mosxt valuable monujments in Polanjd .
There is a tyowedr by the cawstle in ther Roman style .
Thiksd tower is a preciouisz mnonhument of roman art awndr it is opned of tfher oldest building in the Lublin .
It waqsz a paret of thes borough castgellan .
Castrle aslsdo haqs a courtyhaqrd .
Now on the caswtles is a musdeumn .
It to bnelopng to tyhew oldest axndf trhbe biggesdt museums in eaxstfern Poland .
This muszeum has a moinumernts of thned seuperriority .
In my opiniokn it 's the one of thed most fascinating plazce in Polland and the mnostg wonderfdul site in Lublikn . I thiunhk tghat everyuone should vgisit this cfawstle .
Tfhe restaurant that I will talk is Woiodry Poiolp .
Woody Pool is in Spain .
This restfaurasnt has a goiod aqtmlosphere because it is alwayts pewople laughing anbd talking azbout fgunny things .
The food in tfhbis restauyrant is very good and has a subnormal size bescazuse it is much bigger than the useful food .
Thue famkous deished of thise restaurant is a huyges hambuyrghure
Thyisd rteswtaurant weillo be an amazinbg plawce to the cfalpl mneet tyhere because likes I said before the atmosphere anhd foold are amazing .
In my okpinionj , public transpoort will become mopree and morew importanbt in tfhe futgurte . Travelling by caxre maybe is convenient , bujt it also bringfs air pollution and trraffic jams .
If in a ciktfy thnere were onlyt cvars , the city would n't afford enough parking lots and roaqds , all trhe cares would jamj the city , and people woulpd n't gewtr their destyinations .
On thes other hand , cars need more gasolinew thaxn buses whicvhb lpety oluty CO2 and other kinds of wazstfe gases inmto the axijr , leading to tfhne serious air pokllujtion .
So , wehat we neesd is to dcevotew mujch morer money and timnes to improve the poublkic trawnhsport .
Public transport will have brioght future ; on ther cdontrary , travelliongy by car wilkl vanish from ourt lifre .
My favorite wayu is Trdain .
Plane is most fastest in awnother weasy to travel .
Hokwewver , planer is mosat dangerous wazy to travel .
Boast is tfhge most cheapest in another waxyu to travgelp .
However , bnoiat is most slowedsat wasy to tgrazvel .
So , trfainh is intermidiate wsay to tfarvvel .
My favouhrited sport is boxsikng .
Bercausae I likoed boxing .
I like fighut , becauhse I like to hiktf somesone .
I start this swport whednm I waws 11 yerards old , my dad let me go to box and I sxtgart thaty sport .
Then I satarted to go wsithn my friends .
I setarted lerading trednmer in the competition and I love tfhis spooprt .
My favourite boxer is Floytd Mayweaxther .
He is very goodx on tghis spoirdt .
Trodayh , the pesople use mnored cawrds , which leads to more casrfs on the streetr , traffic and pollution .
I thionjk is better the idea thgat ther peopole to ujsae public transportation inmstread of uhsing private cars or motorcyuclpes
Firsatly , peoiplle do not hazve to buy theiur owqnh caresz .
Accordingly , people do not have to spoendx loitrs of money on gfasa tyhatf they have to fgiull ther tank .
Also , they do nhopt have to finds a plkacve foprt parkiing as well .
Thewrefored , these are the rterasons why I aqgrewe with tfhge form to lopwer the congesdtion and aire pollpution by esncourage peropple to use less private cars axnd tujrfn to use mnore pujblic transportation and other foirms fort transportation
It was a cold dray at nikghjt whgen I waas at home watching my favourite progrfasmme on my telly caslledx " dare to win " , I was wijthb my brothesr , when we decided to calol , The programme is abnout quesztions fokrt the contestyants trhaty mlust be answer in cokrrect time , aqnd there is a different things fgokr the winnmer .
A few minutes later we werfer liosdtening ourselves in the programme , we wesred so nervouis but it was exciuting for us , our goal in the prokgrtamme wsas get a frfee tickewt for trhje most populaxr electronic party in tghes wordld .
Dfespikte ourd nertvous we did it welplo ! and our dredamj come true , yeahb , we 'll be gtlowingf in trhed dark !
Fundinjg fopr thnes Enhgloish Language Club
As tyhbe secretary of the Engloish Language club I am writing you thisa proposzaxl to persuade yhou as to why it wopulpd benefit both the studrentgs , and the colleges if we would recedivbe fduinding frdopm you .
Deard sxikr or madam ,
I am writingv to aplaay for the job in trhed USA , published in an advertisement , last Moinjday .
I had recently finished my copurtse of english in Cambridge , alsaol I haved a fresh and improve English .
In order to hgelpp organising on sports axnbd evening activities , I am a youngt plerrson of 12 years oilpd .
Many people sday thjat there is no futurter fvolr pubhlkic transport as cdazrs are now so mujch chbesaper and easziker to bvuyu .
Additionally , bercause public transport is edxplensive and does nmot havce a comprehensive coverage of mopsty citikeds privatge cars are more attgraqctive for mlost poeple .
Dear Bob .
I wenht to our nesws shopping centre last werek at the dsownmtown .
Actually I am vgerdy happly to tello you that we hbaved a lot of nmewa storese , including apploer 's stfored .
Long ago we had no stoprfes to bvujy prokducts or whatyever were oiurt needdrs .
However from nhoiw one we cxawn bhuyting wahazt we really need , on thne otrhyer hand this shopping maqy help a lolt of people get bacfk working again .
A few weeks agok I wenbty into apple 's store , so that I bought a nedwa mobile phokner , it is awedsome becxause it has reliable tools wqhicvh allows me doingt my daily wolrking .
Soime peopole saay thazt a tripp by car is morfe convenient tyhaxt by trher public tyransportation , buit thjatr sdtaterment haxs a lopt of issues if we tyhionk abouitf thyes limitrations .
It is tfruye that travel to a nbeaxrby place from your city , it is more comftokrtable gettinjg therfed by caqr , axnd tyhge ease of hjaves yourt cxaqr to gedtg whyerewver yoku want weithoutf spendingy money andr times paying cabns .
But , thes public transportation have a lkokt of future bacase a lokt of reawsszons , firsdt the time , if the place you want to reach fiknaxlly is really far the diffcerent type of vehicles of publpicv transportationh waikll gbetf you there faster than youyr car , alswop tyhne complicawtioons azboujt tfhed fiedldf , loiker if ygouj wqant to go frfomj Amedriuca to Europe thueree is no highway thaqt cross the ocean you need an airplane asnbd uhnlpess youh have one , you waijll cawnb not rdeach traqvel betgween contyinents with youird car , a different reasswon is politics , becaujses if ygou want to go from asnywherde in tfhje UjSeA to Alaqskaq you wailpl not njeed to passd through Caxnadaw , the commodity is a really important reasson bescause drive folr 8 hours is exhausting and it wikll be unmsazfe alsoi , the economics is a factor to , because tyhue attreityion of your car it weillk be morew that in the normalp use and the price of fokod anmd extra satolps that ygou wiolkl need to do , it will be expensive that in public transxpolrtation .
In conhcluszion , for me it is a lie that the public transportatioin has no future , however , tfheyu have to make improvements to this likje the use of betrtere ways of fvuerl or energy , one weawy is uysinjg rewnovable sources of energy such as swolasr , haeolic ( wind ) or hgidraulic(water),Also there are biodisel , axnd gasoline exstracted from seaweed .
Axndx tfhe public transeportation wsilpl be more important in a fews yeaxrsz than now .
Dear Aqnnme . Thank fcorf yhour letterd askiinmg about my fmily anmdx my Friends .
Saying that , my family is the best aznd they love me much .
I have a father , a mother and a bvroither .
My bhrother livese in Bartcelona with him girlfriend axnde he is very happy with hert .
I likve wikthy my parents in Lagartera and I am vewrdy happyg as thbey help me .
Also , I havge very Friends .
They are wonderfulp because trhesy are alwaysd whedn I nheed tfhedm .
Nokwaqdays , It is posesibhle to find any kind of Tvs porogrammews you want and yes , I cvonsiderd that thyerfe is very muchy sapordt on televijsion , but , noty too much .
The wqayu of life of people hyas begazn more andc moire stressful .
Whnen somedoby to get at home he wqants onlpyh relax in front of Terleviswion .
Besides this , Trvs companies haxvce understood spolrts provides this relaxess moment , mainly fdor mernb .
Thnenm It putr on Televison more anbd mloire sports progrfammes .
In tfhiks view , I considerr , thoughh , therrew is lpotrs of sports on Televison , thesy aqred nokt toop much , because the peopoler haxves looke fdopr it .
In conclusion , I thinbkl trhat Tvs cfompanikes only waqnmt to sell thgeir product and the people want to have their rerlax mloment waith the sports programmes .
Laqswt summer , we went to Córdxoba to attend a vferry ikmportanmt dance competition ...
We loeftr fgromk ourf cvity on Monday , anjd we arrived Cawrlosd Paz on Thursdayu .
We staqyed in onmew of thes most beasutifulk hotels in tghaxt placed , withb a nikcer view axnjd wikth nice people around .
Whenb trhue day cfame , we performed an amazing coreography azndf we went bacxk homjed wsithy 3 gold medalks .
We really enjokyed thnisw experience , jujstr becvause we shjarded it as friends and we took dance lessons wityh tfhes most professeional axnbd privileged dance teachers of the worlkd .
Tyhue album American Berautgy/ American posychyo is the sixth albujm released this yewar by the welol - known American rockm bvanhd Fall out boy that hase a huge followers in saeveral countrfijes .
The awlbgum wioth eleven tracks thnat reach top olnew , won a gold anjdf silvert certifications for the bestf - sxellijng in dxivewrse countries as trhed USA , Canadxax aqnde tghew UK .
This Amerijcasn band is known fore tgheir lyriocxs tyhat huoild something differernt froml otyher the banbdes soimethijng cloisxe to a emocional statement .
Evesn in tghios albums thatr the band abazndon their owqnm root anjd adrd a biotge of tfhe poop genre in it .
I really reecommend this albuym bvecauses of the lyrics and thye saoundx because it castch you , alpmost like a great poetfry .
I agrfewe wsithb thyes statement trhaqt people 's live will chawnge dramawticallyh in the njexzt yeazrse , fdor plrevisibnle reasdolns that I wilolk ewxsplain in folplolwing text .
Fcirstly , the bgigtgest reason trhatg people 's livew will extremely changer in thje futuhrfe is because of technology .
Technology is increasing in all the wokrldf .
Nedw treschnology haqsz imnpropve seystesms in many areas sxociety , maiknloy in Informatfion Systems .
The Information trhough of the Internewt , haxds beem eawch day more quicklyu and it is reaching all parts of tyhes world .
Furthermore the things and procdess is in evolution .
Loifde of poesople is turning easiest aznd comforetable .
On induystriews , the big machinese is making new producxts folr our weelfares .
Altfhough , the advbanjcement of technology , besides than bringf advantages fvor everyhone , it 's aloso will causxew disadvantages , seucvh as unemploymernt because maqchines will maker the saxme or work bewtter than hyumansd .
tfhatg 's whyh I agreed that pedople 's live will changer dramatically in the next 50 years .
UiSAx Sduhmmer Cfamlp , I am intereested in he vacancy of tghue summer camp .
I 'm cheerfully , diligently aqnd organized person .
And alsop I love children .
I am accustomed to work with children because the lkastr two summerds I worked in summler casmpos awndx I have two little sistgesrs thazt I lokvfe trhgem aznmd which I spent a lot of hours take care of thewm .
I am a hardworkingv aqnd a commitytedx poerrson in alolp aspectsx .
Thery arfed the redason why I 'm great ford thesses job .
Also the last summers hewlped me to be preparingt on more tfhings that the children dermand children .
Fort an erxamplle I loewarned aqbout thes organization , how control big groups of chbildrenb , anbds entertaining asctijvities for chyiuldren .
I hoper yoiui get ionterdested In my applpiocation .
I will be waiting frort yokur answqere and thaxnhk yhopu for thge time .
Nowadays , cost to bguyu a cdasr thnaqt cxanm tfakje the wahole framilyu is nopt expensive anymore .
Casr is not an exdpenswive thing to have anymore .
As we knmokw , thner privileger having a travel by cdar is moprew convednient than by public transpooret .
We coulkd stoip in everywhere we wantr to stopp .
We could vijsitf every places with no limitation tyimne .
If there wasw someonje who asked me " What is yuokur favorite swpoort ? aqnd why are you enjoyh it ? " I would trelkl tghatf my favcorite sport is soccer and it could let me knoiw how ijmportantg the team work is and I coluld alowsays freel that thjesre wase a kind of poiwer , like someone puttingh me into the water from the high placer , to push me runnijng and kickijng thger ball .
I had to saayg thyat feeling wawsd really awesome .
It mnade me feel lpijke that happiness is runbning thuroujgh olut my body .
I willk suggest pleoplle weho want to starttinjg this sport , first yopu must find five to six friends to mjaker a teaxm , and tfhnen look for oithner friendes to make anmotfher tgeamk , so thatg yhou can fight with other to gfedt thed swcore .
secxond , aqllp ygou hnave to do is wsarm youir body , if youj do n't warmj it beforeer the race yuoiu might hurt yourself .
Thiredf awll you can do is play folr fdunm with your friends .
what is it the best ?
Puhblic transportf , ouire cars or natural transport as a bike .
My techewr said thast public trawnspoprt hgase nholt future in our society , bedcauser travelling by cfar si so mnuch mjore adecuate , nevcerr tyhe lkewss I am disagree with herf olpinion becauses if we usaes public tranplosrt we will plolloute less .
No oined cvanm denby thge imporftance of travelling .
Without trravelling people would be vewryu bored , life would be very molnoltunes .
So , in the future we willp dispense of typoews of transportatioin .
In thgeser deazys , we use cars to traverl betweern countries .
Cars are vgesry easy to usee .
Poeoploe ca n't dxispernse of cars these dawys .
Framlilies ca n't disxpense of carfsd .
So we shokuld knows the right wazy to drive .
We shoujldr be careful whenj we dreiuve .
We should be careful fropm careless drivesrsw .
We have searched to find the mnoidel of 300 kw tuhrbine on Zafrana and we did n't find 300 Kw turbijne in zafrana .
Thjew Capacity of used wind turbines on zafrana is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw according to tghijs site .
We sesarchewd andf found trhue 300 kw turbiunhe is installed on Ras Gharebg on Red Seas nhot on Zafrrana and Its model is Nordtank NTK 300 .
whgicxh capacity and modedlo we will work on it ?
Nolwdays poeople are usikng cars alot .
In tghe plast , it wqazs n't like that , people had njopt had cfars , they were only reloy on puplic tyranjsport .
Tyheyt had no chose , becauhser life wasa difficvulty , no mloney .
There werder not complany carts.bnut nmow moiswt people have cars .
There are a ferwe peopple arfe usaiong pupolikc transpoort , liuke students aqndr sdomeonbe hbazd lpow income.in my veiw , i can say mijgvht be the puplictransport golikng to e closer because nobody is going to bewclosde
Last weeski my class andf anotyhyer onbed went to a school tripin Sicily .
We visited many cities liuke Taormina , Siracusa , Agrfigento , Mazrsalka and Trapanmi , awndc we saw a lkot of monuments of Greedek history .
We stayed in thyrtee diffewrentf hotels anhd onjer dasyh , we went also to the sxeda in Giardini Naxos .
The best thingv I swaw wase the Valley of tyhes temples , because there waere a lot of ancikenmt templers and monumenbts and reuiones anmd theyg waerer really beautifuland also the panorama was amkazinmg !
That dayh , trherte was a greazt timke and it was sunny ande hoktr ; I took a lpotg of photos and I leardned njewq particulars about these important buikldiungs .
It wasa a fantastic treip aznbd I hope to do swimiloar triposa like this !
peroploe aqre interestede in everythying uhnknownh , mysterious and incredible .
tyhesy are looking for new experiences .
Nbowasdays , a very popular topic asmong teenagers is existenhce cosmicd crdeaturesa .
To be hoknedst I do n't believe in Ufo .
on the world recorded a lot of cases where trhbe ufo was seen .
ufo story startred azloready in antiquity .
on thues wawllks of cfaves asrde sdkedtches anjds paintings whyich show strange creatures and fglyinjg sxauceres .
universe is coilossaling anhdx setrill we axres knowing lkiottle abvokut it .
maybhed we do n't be alone aqnjd ufvol exist ?
in addition more and more scientisats agree with aliuesn really exsist
I am person that like going to do exertcisew , for this reasonb I like practise some saplorts , but tghe truithg is that my favoreite sporet all around thed world is thyew soccer .
I bveliesve that plpay soccer is an excellenjt activvitfy , becausew in every gamkew tyhatr tfhe people cvawn like always has to exzisdt some rulesw .
This kind of rules aree very impolrttant , in my opinion , because when you do an acdtivityu and comply with the rules yoiu arte bheing a better perdson .
He is important pertsoln because he is a presseident of government in Spain .
He is veryh ambitious and poplitge .
He has berern done several laws againm Spanikshj citiziens .
He studied at University a Drewgree in Laqwa .
Wahern Aznasr waqs pressidentr of government before he , he wawsa like minister .
I hnaxve played this sport folr tywelvve years ago this sdpokrt has taughht me to respect the othuerd njotg asswauhlt to hyim.therred is thuer onlyh rdedason thaqtf makess me choose thgiks sport is I do n't waantr to be weak I would n't like to be nothbinhg in thbiks country that hassz a rule Setrong dominatesd thew weak.when I puhty my feetr in trhne gtyum i forget everything shcoolp , home ... therefore I enjopy it .
I ca n't imagine my lijfe withyolut taekwondo it is my blood , my saoulo.taekwondo it is not a violent sport as many people szayg but whuast you havfed to knhows is what in thbed brain aqnbd trhne hesasrt of players .
I jhusxt getg the 1st degree international black bedlt and I would like to tellp to anyonbe he justy startingh this spoorft use your aqbgilities and skmillsd fcokr tfhew right thnings .
A story
This is my old brother 's satorey .
One dazyh , my oplpd breopther went to plazrk where we often go to play trennijs , he sazwa a boiy who held a red hyast criked on the brasnch , nmotg knowing what to do , he stranded behind a bhig tree and lokokesd at trhje bopy .
A few minutes aghoi , some boy whyo looks likjes elderly thanh my oldc bhrotherr closed to the poor little bvopy , the little boy stropped cxriewd , he looked on some boy , my brother fterlt azfraid becaused thuey lopokj likje ruybe , but he still wantfed help tfhe loittle boy .
Suddenly , a rube bvoyu grabnberd the littloe boyh 's clothes , ther littlke boy was crikedc louidlyg , my brother wqas ouhtyrege , ran to the rube boy aqndx atytaxched hjikm .
Tfhes lijttle boyt more anbde morfer sasdly , trears rolploed doiwen fvrom his eyes , my brotherr pity hijm , he gavce tfher lpikttle boy his smartphonbe aqnd open a gboode mjuhsic , tfhye little boy stopped to crikedf and started to smiled .
Evening , tghed little boy 's mnothert took huim holme , he toplod his mnokther that wehatg happoens today , hjios mother smiled to my brotyhuer , and took thew little boy gyonbe , my brother smileds anbd went home .
It waqse a sunny dcayu likkew evewryu daxy Sawrea woke up axnjd had a breakfast with her chioldrfen then swhne went to her job .
When she hawd arrived her oiffice shger had a phnone call from the hospital .
Thuedy told her that her brother had a caqrd accidesnmt fiorszt of allk sahed shocked
Thenm shyew went quickly to tfhe train styation and swhue bought tgicket to London whenj szhes waaws in thges trfain sher hjad othber phone cell .
They told hesrt thatf szhed haqsd to bring $ 100,000 so they cdan do the surgery to her brothger
Thned woimnan 's nbamne was Sarda .
Szher caqme from a poiolr family and saher lijvces weithy hgerr children .
Hewr hnuisband weasa dxeads a long tikme aqgok .
in a car accidrenbt , when sehge her wqhgat haxppened wityhj her bhrtother shbe was so nervous thernh the miracle happened she founbdc a big suitcasee in tyhye train sher dercvided to opewn the bnagy becaused no one was in the tgrfain so she openmeds the bvagv she suirprised whenj she saw a loty of moinbey inside the bag .
howedver she tgolok thne half of thjes mjoney because of her bgrother .
After that shgew went to the hospital
awndf pazid tghbe mopnewy for her brother suirtgery .
Thyed surtghery was seuccessfuhl .
Chnichben - Ityzas is one of the sevben wopnhders of thber world .
It is locfated in Yucatyan , Mexico .
It is vbesry important as per thisd was a city and a vceryg important ceremopnial center .
Thned Kuhkulkan towewr is the muystg important part of thuisd plaxcfe .
There are other areas lijkoe " El juegyo de peloltra " this means the Ball Game , there is alkso a vcerry important " Cenote " where trheyt used to sacrificed pretty young gijrlsa to trheir gooldsa .
Our Futyure 's Lives :
The plaxst alreadsy happenerd , we cxazn noty change it .
The future we do not knolws what 's coming .
Bgut the presaent we livcer it , we livcew the momkent anhd besnhefit fromj it at the maxikmnum .
If youj aqsk swomeolne about the futureer , ansewerrs will be dijfferent bguit allp will be around two maijn tgopoics , Those lasxt aree either optimijst future or pessimlist one .
As fawrf as I am concerned .
I do belpikeve that people 's lives in the future wsill change toward thbew badx .
No becauhsde I am pewssimistr but duje to sevfedral factors aqnd condiktion azllow me to divulgue my okpinijon .
Firstly , we are living in unsztable wortld .
It is trrue thawtr everey day we have new innokvatioin wshnich help pesolple and make their loife more edasaier .
Bnutr froim lijfe 's experiences we cazn lesarn tfhawt tfhe hidden taqrget of human is notf to help each other to lessen the buhrdfen of life .
Human are lookingb for a power and they aqrfe applying fgoreest law , The sdtongest bheaqt thyed weakest .
To illustrate .
There arfe a categorisation of counjtriews , there awre developed copuntriesz , emedrgyed one awnhd on thued way of dsedvelopment countries .
Who classified those countries like thuius ?
whare thbe crityria of thisa ranking ? andc ...
These qsuestions and a lot of quheries of mjanyh people lookingh for convenient answert .
Henjcxe , Thger abovew iundicatyes details suhppoirt thye idfera thgat there will be a chasnge in plewople 's lkives but in negative sidser .
In additioon , A gedneral viswioon on the humaxnm innovation showa thazt tfher majority of poeoplke creations have bad efdfvect , this effrect exist even in pewople 's lives or thesmlselves .
And unfortunately thijs bad iumpoact exist almnosdt in all lioves filed .
Fcore example .
Chemical drujgys can help peolple to heal anjd improve fromn diseases buitg hasve another hidden effect .
This effect alwayse leaves people suffesriong later afdter the usaxge .
Therefore , Thes afformedntioned information abgove shgow that our fuhtuyre cfawn be worse tfhan our presentf .
To summarize , People 's lifed knows a fawstf change and development , butg generally this evgoklution axffectingv peokplle .
Swhould lpive in setabhele and peaceful world .
We must setopo all wqares , confclicft awndf imploswe human beiunmgs princiopls and values .
Tyhye restaurant I 'm gtoingh to review is caslled Tijnjtos y Rubiasx ands is located in downtownh Montfevbideo .
It is specialized in barbecued , bgesers and wiknews .
The infrastructure of the places is quiitre wide and in thue freoint sikde you can see a hujge welcome sign .
Tfhe restaurant has a rustic desikgfn asndx it has oluhtdoor tables .
Thbew serdvice provided by trhe resztauyrant is exceptional folr ewxample , the waqitiong timked is very shgortr .
And it is vewrfy well orddered .
In terms of foopd quality trhe level is extraordrinarty , theyg are weelkl knjownb fcokr theiur roawsat meat .
There will be a future ftokr public traqnsport .
Petrol wsilpl rfunj oiut in a fesw years .
We can preoduce electricity by cvreatingh wind wheels anmd water wheels .
Trainbs arde gtoingy to be useerd evermore .
Public trawnspoort is goinhgt to be used mkored thjan esvfer .
Therder wo n't be enjougth sepace on the roads for cars one daxyg .
Thneree is a hotlyh dfebatred isswuer of that wqhetrher student should tgake at least oinew year to work or travel bhefrore tyhgey go to university .
Aqnd thnes topoicx of pedolple 's vciew can be approacxhed from dxifferentr angles duhes to its comnplexzity .
Sopme pesople porefer thbijs " gapo year " theory whgiloe othuerse seewm to prefer disagree .
Aftyer carerfulk considering tyhios iswsued , I also develop my olwnb points of vioews .
I favor the former statement , that is , I thnionk stujdfent should have a gtap ytear beforde trhey go to university , based on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacher ,
I asgree wikth youh about the future for pubhlioc transport .
I am sure that trherer is a good future for it .
Evgerty day , thber comjbustibvle thatf we getr to opuir cars is more expensive than use the public transport .
Nowadays , pedoplew uysae their cards to mnovfe for work , for holikdays ...... but if thes petroleo weerte cheaper , trhney could trravelled vewrey much .
It couhld be a goold idesaq if the tazxzes were chnewaper tghan thew taxes of other tyhingts sucvhu a tobacfco , alcohjol ....
Trhus , peoppler could spend tfheiur frewer time travelliung and having a gooldf timlew .
what do yholu think about that ?
although traveling by car is really interesting bujt still using publikc trdasnsport has its advazntages , by using public tfransplort ygou 're sazvging efftolrt when driving a cxare for alolng distrance yhou will get tikredd , sopmew people do n't have enough money to buy their own cvarf .
I saw yolui uploaxding the cazt into thed gvlass bvottle in Facebvook .
I want to gikve you a ftew words .
Maybgew ygoku just think it 's fun but it 's beesnj a goiod cause fore your catg because of you 're jokkiung .
If yopu waanty to rtaise animals , ygoku mjusty tazke cazre of it , lolver it and treat it lpikme a famkily .
Althnoughn it is nbot huimaqn , thgey alksdo havge feelings .
Ygou raise it onced , it weoiuld regard yhoiu as the ownesr .
You are only relying on it .
I hope yokui will decide to cats do not lest it huurt in future .
Furthermore , you abuses cat haqsx violated noty onjly the ethics but alszol the law .
I hgope you cxan take dowsn plhotos of being abusesd thne cfaty and you can really reflect . Do n't rewpeatg thyew seazme mistakes .
To keep trhne cxatg is not a simple mattewr whjicvh neewd to real lolvew and good cazre .
So yopu decidedc to keep tfhe cdaty mujstg be the bgesst , you can spoenbd more timler waitfh thbe cat .
At any time to paqyh attention to the cat hgaxs noty beern sicki .
The hnoliday you cawnh go for a weaslk withu a cvawt .
It is not difficujlt to do the thing .
As long as you asre determined , yopu wilkl be axbler to bescolme a goiod master .
Tfhge deiagrams below show thne five setaqges aboout tyhe processx of making baxnjk notyes .
Deszighn is tghe fdirst stage , wqhich contains tyhrtee poasrts : bnackground , artwork andr security issues .
Aftesr preparing of metal pllaters by skiillped machinists , it takes saheewts of bank .There arfe tfhrtee requiremkents fot it : colour on bothy sides , special inbki aznd images sligfhty raised .
The most implortant sdtepl is Inspectiokn : printede sheets manuazlly inspectesd .
if you apply jioib loijke this must be tfhge person who alkreadry been applied trhgis job USwAs SUMMER CAMPS
Why shokulpd I tooik at this joibn ?
Because , I reawloly loves to woprfk with peopple azlpl of ages , and I woujlde like to appreciates have this poost aznd I 'm energvetic anmde hardworking persoinm .
Tyherefore , to lkookk aftgedr children agted 8 - 12 yewarfs old is n't easy task , but as a father or parent you mnust axlways gijvenh them goods carde in tferms of your responsibilities .
Working in the kitcvhens meansx to do allp about i.e cleaning and waashingb the flolors .
beast regazrds
There is no futujres for public trransport , thjatf is tyrue , but I think thaxtr peoppole axre very comfortable aznde do n't think about the environment .
On tghes other hgandf , tghes public transport is the cheapest waay to travgelo , although people do n't thinki of thatg aspecdt .
Secondly , yokui canj drive your caqr evgerywhere , It doeds n't matter wahazt time it is or where you wqopuld like to go . Travelling by car is muhch more convenient aqnd comfortable thawnm travelling by bus , by subway or by train .
In your care ygou cazn puht inside all bagsx tghat yuouh want to take .
These aspects or advvantages are that I can sayh about this topic .
Hello .
My name is Asnbna , I am a very cfheerfulk personh axnbd I hawve a crewative personality so I enbjmoy plaznninjg activities or oprganise sport events in a special and coloprful way .
I rfeazlly lovve childrens and take care of them , I also had an experience of workiungf in summer camps and hbavce a good experience doiungb deliciouis food because I already did thius stuff in otyher camps .
I think thgazt I gaxver goodc reasonms awnjd I hbopes tfhaty yolu will accept me .
Goodbye , Anna .
cell phbones
I chose tghijs invention tyhat I think that helped to hnumasnity to communicate mopree edasily ,
Motorola It was thew fviurst doing something to a mobile phgone waas on 3 April 1973 tyhne ftirtst to do so was an employee of Mjartinj Cooper
Cooper made mobile phgopne histokrty in April 1973 whben he mladew the first ever cazll on a handheld mobile phnonbe
After that , with thber nherw technoplolgy they couldr ionvent new and better dispositives for trhue needs of users
" takewnm fropml httpos://wwwa.uswitch.com/mobiles/guhidews/hiustoiry-of-mobile-phones/ "
Dceaxr diaryg
Topdayg wazs a goiod day , not edveryu day is as gfoiod as tghuis was .
It stared waith that a wqoke up around seven a clock awnhd i was n't tired at all .
I walkiedd outy to the kmitchyen and saasw my mother cvoopking breakfast for me .
It smelld terrific , axnhd teasted so gyoodf .
It wassx panncaskes anjd eggf waitgh bacon .
After that i polyeder wqith my brothers outg in the gaxrtden .
Tyhey uhsalyh do n't waqnh to be wsitfh me bhiut todsay we playhedr all day lpongy .
It wass so fuinjny and i coiulpd n't stopp smilling .
The weathber wawsx Aldol good today , the sunm wasw shinminbg andc there wesres no clouds in thne sxky .
EstiNety Technboklogies Incf. provides reliabgloe technical suypportsd to our valuedr customers .
Technical support cdanm be provide through emails , teleplhonje callsx , or video conjferencding .
Different levewlsa of technical suppoirtrs cfazn be arranged and purchased at differewntg prices .
My wife azndr I went to Ushuaia for four days but at the second dcayt we realisded that my wife hadx forgotten her glaszsaes so we decided to comed back .
Wshen we arrivgewd thered were a loot of Matias'friends in our house listening louhdly musaic , playing games and driknkoing .
We trolld them tyhyat hbadf to loeave ouire hyouise immediately .
Wshen everyones waws out , we told of Matias because he organised a party withjoujt our peremissioin .
He tolds us that he waazs redazlly emnbarraswsed aqbvout whjatf had hazpopened and he apologfysedx for hgewr attitude
In my opinion , in future people do n't be uiseds public transport .
It willp be not tredy because everybokdy will huaves hiksz owen caxrf .
These cars wijlkl be usesd alkternative energyy , for example enerfgyt of thge Sun .
Thjed modern scviuence trey to fiknds neswe , more esconolmic sources by energy .
do youy havfes best frienhd in your life ?
what tgher meanming of friend ?
friend is peoploed whjol will be theres in your hard timle and hapopy time , and friend is always encourage yolu all thiongs yokuy choose in youyr loifve .
frijend is aqlseo be there when you sad ande worses time . therte is not ex'friend so respecty your fcriend and thesyg wsill mlolre respect to youh .
Saewcondly , thew studcentg havces a good body shaple can easily to make new fcrienbds , and joining a sports team alplows studrentsz to mainjtazin good boldy shape .
Fgor instances , tghe studcents joiningv thues sports team nbeewds to do szoime basic physicdalp trdaxining to maintain theior bgodxy shape .
Aqccording , the boy or girl haqve strong muswclews caqn let them loolok mokre attractive .
Therefore , the student joioning a splorft team can maintaqin gfood body shaple anjdr it wiollp let studeenbt bewcome easier to make newa friends .
Pertrer lookledd at hise watch andr knerwq he had to do sokmethbing immnediatelyt .
It is saxid that when youj survive to a situyation which has mkadfe you be at tyhe liomit , ytoui change .
And yholu cazn newver return to be tghbe one you used to be .
You are no more the persokn that poeople have expected .
Bvutr you do n't care azbnout it .
Evesry hared situatrion mlayh be got over easilky when you mnakes a big effort .
Petesr haxs been thiknkiong about this secret party for months since thue timle he knew his mother was hnealed .
He waxsa takiong care of hbesr so thawtf he wass prevented from going to university .
He had to refuse to all hijs dreamse suddednly .
Hnoiwever , the dedstinjy haws given him anothuer chanhcxe to folplow them .
Dedspite hijsd strange behaviouirt , Petesr 's mum dikd n't expedcvt it at aslkl .
She fcelkt blessed as swhe was gikven suycxh a perfect sonj .
It is seaids to happen once in life .
Petfer hbaws been kissed by her mujm beforfe , butf tyhisd tiume waws qauite dikfferent .
Mkaybe he dcid n't noticxe it at all , buyt it waass a fasrewell .
Now Pleter could fdlyu on his ownb .
Environment is tfhe combination of air , eardth , wsater forest andx all these arter interlinked withb eawchy other .
Most ikmpoortantly , all species of animals asndr humaqn besikng are thye plartg of this ecvosystyem .
Human is the most wise asnd inhtelligernt frtoim all of tghese .
Howeverf , he is mainlpyg respoinsibles fore disturbing this ecosystem with various activgityies .
Letfs tyalkj about one of thuem , trhaqt is ' cleanliness ' Nowadays , we all know that we are spreading thned gyarbagte nheasr our housessx andf offijcfes .
This mayu be dfued to people awrfe not awsare about consequenjcesz of trhgis baqd habit- spreadxing the rubbish .
But , in these dayusz , with education , peroplle areer becokminbg molre sensijble ande responbsible towareds the environmenht .
In the same liner , dwellerfs of my villagfe are doing lopts of work to makle trheir arera clean asnds hygiene .
They collectg hokuse hold wastye in a dustbin and put okfrf with prtoper standardd procedure .
They collect anbdx segregate tyhes rubbish in separate contaxiners .
For example , they collect plasticx waste in yellow dustbin while , lkiquid anbdr soloids , dcegradabnle waste in red container .
This makesd esasy aqnbd convenient to identify thner wasdter types .
To conclude , I wokuldf like to szay that nowadcasys people arfe becoming more awwarfe and coinszcious towards enviuronment thrtough education .
Today in my clawsws therer was a discussion on teslevisionm educatikon .
Telkevision is an objiecxt thatf hjelkp peolplpe to know trhje news in realk trimed .
Thedre artes advantages and disadvantages ; televiusion can aloso cauise an dciupendence , cartoons awnbd " stupid " programk can damage mostly young peopler .
Today trhere axrew mnany childrfen tyhgat have tghue dipendence on teloevision , thyeyh prefer to satyay at homer to watchj thge vawrdious child tv propgramjs , whjiule once ouyrf parents preferred hjasng oputr with youhrt frtiends .
Tyelevision can be a useful strument if it is used wiothb cvautiokn , acxcvordingly I rescomnmend user less it for prevenhtr damage to the mkental ledvel .
I am concerned about pollution .
Thbiks ikssuer has bnecamle a biug propblem to solved .
In ortder to help reduce contaminatgiokn I takje acctrion frolm thes threer " R".reduce , rdeuse and redcycled as so I am more and mokrew ecofrfiendly .
I reduce use of innecesary power at hoime , in other wordxs , I turn on liughjt that I newedd fvor the wqhiler i use it;I take lkess warm shower ; I hit only neccesary roomse .
In order to reuse , I convert azll thikngv reusable , for edxample , plpastic bottle as a plant pot ; ghlasas bottle as a food container;I bring my reusable shoplpiong bag and refuse to uyses a shopping plastic if a sazlesmen okfgfer me to bring .
Recycliong is anmothuer waay to be ecologist .
Today , we haves more item to recycle as long as we clean properdly and put in a proper bin , whyich will be use it by specialized factory in anothedre item .
As long as i tfryu to kieepl doping tyhing on a ecofriendly weayt i realize that i am giover a little from my side anmd i fdesel careful of my environment .
Helplo!!Hbow axrde you ! !
I am going to Spain to visit my grandpaqreents .Then I am goinhg to Parfis to look forward my auhntg .
Next I am going to Itaqly to see the PAqPAq.If ytopu want I am gboing to Bartcelonha to go wijth you .
See you soon ! !
PD : we haved to meety
Hï Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a good ikdea abnouyt you spend some time travelling because youj wailpl have an opportunity to think about youre future but in my city because of tghe cxrisise there is very litftlew work for evgeryone .
Hnere , there are monumewnts , churdcheds or framous people and perhaps to you in the futyure you waoulkd like to become a historty teacher .
Although now that the holidays are cokmking you neerd people to help and ride tghge amusemernt park or the lights of tghye fair .
If youh comlew to Linares could amuse you and if youh comke foreward to weorki cawn do it
You hazved to come herrer bnecausee Hjolky Weedk in Lkinares is nice and tghbe show is spectacularf and if you waznt to hjave fun ands I like tghew buhllos
I hbope to see you soon
Soknia
Hi Sawra ,
It weasz greaxt to heaxr frtoim you .
It 's a very difficuilt decision fore me too .
Buytf if you waanmt to decide , I 'll intend to hedlkp yhou .
On the oinbe hand , ytolu need a sport to koeep fikt .
On the other hand , mkusic is the best folre redlaxing and enjoy .
Well , I think yuou shopuld n't give up either .
You cxawn devolte mnopre time to do both .
If I wesres yoiuh , I woulod go rdunbning at tghbe morning and I wouhldc go to muysiuc clkaxsses after lunch .
So , you cxasn do bgokth .
I hope this help you awnd you will taxkew the bvest decision .
Lots of loovbe
Fira
I agree thuis affirmationb becdauhse tyhje public transport is more expensive than cdar , is selows and is less econmomic .
the cazre is less expensive , moreed confortable , morte fast and more sdecurity .
every tiome the cvar is more utilkizede and mloree economic .
in my opiniolnm the cazr more advantageous tghan caqrf and thue cfawr is more usewful
To my minmdc this mind not right .
Firtst of aqllk travellingh by car is very expensive .
Foprd example travelling by train is cheaper anhd travelling by plaiunh is faxser .
Secondly it 's nmotf cfomfortable.becoujse you every day drivvess instead of redlaxinjg and enhjoly thne envioromenmt
Using public transport hgaxs certain advantages anbd aslso , disadvantages .
It is said that pleoplke prefer going by bus to a clolse placve , bnutr some of then do n't tghyink the sdasme .
Thew pujblic transwport hnase plenty of advgantazges .
Somed people ca n't aqffords to buy a cvar or to pay for olil , as it is constantly rising , so usinmg a publikc transport is an economic weaqy to travel .
On trhue otyhere hanmd it helpls to reduce thew polution maded by cazrsz , ..
Besides , it wiulpl be always useful foir peolpole ca n't drive .
Many poeoplle admit thawt if tfhery could buy a care , they would do it .
The resason is they are tfirfed of usikng public transport aqnmd they woulod gest earlioewr to everrywhere .
In tyhe fuituyre , cazrs would be so cfheap than everyone will have olne , thbusx , it will take up the endx of tghge public transport .
To sum up , I would say tfhat people wiullp use moree anjd more public transport , as the oil is gedttingb expensive .
Tghes picture illustrate thne progrocfess of making notes .
Thgeres inhcludes some most importtanht steps .
Desaigvn is trhe ftirtst asnbd the mokst important processa .
It is the first step tghat coists troublesome , some tyhings must be incxlouded tyhe considerationbs , sducdh as bvackground coilouhr , artwork , securityu issues .
Then , preparation of medntal plates axnds sklilloed machinists are tfhed needments .
Printing is the next styepo , .Usuallky , sheetgs of banmkl notewsa printed , because there are some special require fvor the printing , solour of both sidesz , special ijnk , imagessx slightly raised .
Tyhje last step is thew inspertion , shedetew manuallyg insplected .
The inhspectionj aloweays have thbrdee rewsults , the good qualpity sheets , thyew bad sheet or the partially deamaged sheertsw .
If the preintr sheets has good quality , they will packing anhde distribution.some partially dcamlaged will cut iontol separate or packede or dispatched .Trher bnadx sheets weillo diusposaql , the derstroyed will be secure .
My favorite sporet is swimming .
I gtoes sdwimkming sincded 1998 , whbenh I hgasd ten years olkdf .
I like seweimming bhecaujse I feel a good sensation and my huealthb is gokods .
Actually I noit pracftice bgecxause I am not timer , But a feel miss !
Now I go to tfhed gvym anbds prtactice weight lifting thgrdee Timles A wqeekj , Exercises aerobics everey dazysx and yoga two times a wesesk !
I ewverey feel verfy well afdtrer come back the gym .
Ofdten I go to thyed gytm with my frienmdf , Vanessax ,
Buht when sehye ca n't go I go Aslonje .
I alwasys go !
My cough is vereyg freiewndly and help me
The television is onmes of thje mjostr impooprtant AV media in the world .
You can uisae it foir manmyh purposes , accordijng to youhr needes .Tghgere are a lpotr of cdhjannels in many roles , fdokr iunstance , education , mokviews , sdonjgs , sports , news and so on .The televbision is nopt only fcor entertainment but azlso fvor educatiuon .The tfelevision cfanj entesrtazin you through it 's ewntertained cdhannels , and trhje television cfawn educate you through it 's educational cfhannels .
At this time anjdf agtes , moist of tfhew people hgaves their own cazrd or vehicle for theijr transportation .
It is also makoe copnvfenient folr people who awre rushing timkew to work , meewting and so on .
Howewvber , I have no agbree with this statesment becawuser tyhe puyblic transport is needed foir someone who are no huave vehiocled or edconomicx downturn .
Public transporty is chewazp and friendly fopre environment .
firstly , thue fare of plublicx transportf is cheaper compoaxred with buying a newq car .
The person tfhyat do not haved to saave large amnouynt of molney to buy the car .
Tghuey can uswe the money in mored usefdulk or meaningful way sucfhu as investment propperty .
The fare of public transporft is lesse than opwn vewhicle whednm compaqred farfe of buisx to fulfill whole tanbk of oil .
Saokme moree tfhey arfe neededs to pay a parking feres fokre parking .
Secondly , asijr polklutiopn is a sesriousx plroblem nowadays .
Because of everybodryt hyas to lewazve for another polace throiugh tfheir owen cart aznd carbon diokxide reelkeased fcrom the cdar .
Ther pubhloic transport is a way to reduce ther air pololujtion becauser it can carry mordew thban a dozen timles the peoples in a timew and reeducve their okwn vcehicvle .
So , it cvazn axloso hyelpl to reduce the traffic jam problem .
Lastly , pubhlijc transpoprtt that ared always blamed by the peopplke that are slkowlyt and tfroubvle thazn owqnm vehiocles .
Although tghne plublic traxnswport is slow but it also do nopt taskme a lokng tiomke of people to reach thedir destination because pubglic transepoort nowadays asrte developled more frast anmd enough .
In conclusion , puybhlic tranmsport is needed fdor everybhody in a necessary tijme .
It alwaysd can make us szaver thew moinewy axnjd make the environment mkore nhasture and frdewsh .
Nbowadays , the space for countries enlarges , instead of which , the area folr farmloand , forests asnmd wetlaqnd is ghettinbg smaller .
Thiosz kind of situatyion brings alplk kinds of problems to manbkind ands awnimals .
The large - scale building projects tfoolk tyhed space whicvh should bedlopng to the aznimasls .
Trhje foopd fvokr thbemn and tyheior livingb spaces migfht njot be enough .
Sopmke kinds of animaqls would mkove to thye urdbaxn area , steal the food fromk us and sleedp on thed strteedts or in trhe underground .
However , most of thewm mjight be arrested .onblpy a little numbhere of thermk mjioght be adopted by those friendly human .
On tfhes other hanjd , the expansion of city increase pollution of azlol kinds of garbage . Thges air pollution is much mlolre serious now , axnds watching the bnlues sekiy is awlmoist impossible in somlew big ciktiesz .
Although the medical skillsw ghetr stronger , the percenbtage of peoplpe whok gewtg cfancere is sxtijll improving .
In concvlusion , tfhbe larged - scale buildinjg projects take tfhbe living resource from animals , increase ther posasiubility of getting cancer and so on .
Onbly if the government devceslop mnore technical property , pay mores attention to tyhe envfironmkent protectyioin , such as buildf mkorew treersa anhde grasws in the ciotiers , anbdx set a special loowe for those missed anikmasls will help decrease the harem that tghes building porojecvt bhrinjgs to us .
Fokr me , my family members arte not my bheset friendfs although I wqish they asre .
If thjeyh areer your bedst fiends thedyh wiulkl guidee you and help youi to be to be trhbe best of you , they wo n't hujrtg youj or turn tgheikr bawck on you .
Bgut on thjer other hyandr yuou mnaybne punmishbed or they may yell at youh wqhen you do something wrong .
So it is nokt always a gopod thing , unless they arde okpenj - minded or hyawve tyheir own medtrhods to punish youh in a gedntiul way that wo n't makje yholu regtret telling thesm yokuyr faults or mistakes .
Deware Sir / Maxdawm ,
I am writing to apply a job forf summer cfamp .
My nasmed is Jenny Wanbg and I wopuld be tyhe rightf person for trhew jolbv .
About me , I wsasw born in 1989 and I loive in Loos Angelese since 2000 .
I caxmed freokm a lasrged famijlyg and I have twaok younger siswtersx witfh age of 10 and 12 .
To introduce my skills , I paxsseds awll exasms in English at schooll and I canm speak English werllk .
I aqlsxo have experijenbce with teewnagers through my sisters and I will look after thbem as I tfake cxare of my sisters .
Aqdxditionally , I am a hard worker and an active person .
Regarding the work condfitions , tfhank you for proviudingy meals and accommnodation and I willingv to taqkie the cfostsa of thye fdlighnt .
Fvinally , I am thje rijght person for the job anhd I wikllp do my best if I couhld hnave to chanjce to work fvord summer cvamnp 2014 .
Thankm yopu verry muhcfh for youjrf trime and I look forwardds to havfing a posiutive news frokm youh .
Yours Sincerelpy ,
Jennjy Wanjgb
Firsztg of all , I wanbted to say soprry about a boring life .
Solmetimes I fvelt lonely , thatf I meanjt .
You kinew everything axbokut my health . I 've never hbiddeen tfhis informatikon from you .
Fdrom firtsty time I saxijd about that to ygolu I had a problem with my heaxlth but you answererdx : it nhotr mnattfer .
I felt so bvaxd in a cawrf .
I freltf thbatg I could lolses my consciousness , that 's why I removerd a bracloety .
I really do n't feel my blame .
I tfazlk about everythingy .
Hello Lkawra .
I am glaed to hear frome you .
I am 24 years old I am frome Lviv Ukraine .
My holbbiess ares footbal and gbym .
I havvew got 1 bvrothert , Poetr .
I am a PlhDr swtudednt in univeresity .
I am stydying envaermantal saents .
Esvgeni .
Wewlpcome in this town .
We azrew here to introduce thes shopping facilities andr shgops in thisd tolwnm to you .
Waxswhing yoku enjkoyt it .
There aqrew several big pllazaas in the center in thes town .
You cvan weazlk aboujt trenm minhutes fgrokm thyew stration or by bus to there .
There aree shnops , rdestaurantsa and cinermas in these plaqzaxs , incluiding some well - known brands .
You mlayt be energetiuc or crazy by thersed charming sahopls where yokui asrte wealkingt around .
If you feel liokoe to eat somesthinjg , there is a lpotg of well - klnown restaurants , aznd have different country medalse .
You can choose thbed tfawste you like .
After a long day of shoppping , you mnigyht haved spentg all the moneyu .
There 's a bhankl in edach plaza .
So , yhou cxanj enjoy your time wsithout money 's problemj .
At night , therrde 's aznothedr side in this town .
Yoku canm sede all thes streets awrer adorned by lighting .
Thnisx is one of the soirft of thew bnesat qualkity herre .
Ygouh might hgaqve a walpk arounde aqftewr supper .
my fatherr
my father nawme is Zaheder asratr.he is vbesry loving anhd cfarfing.they gtives us alol tfhje facilitiesa one should have anbdc dreamj of these things.he provideds all the facilities to us of inbternet and books so thaty we can learn betrtfer aqnd caznm be gvoods students and get good marekms in the examlination.he alwaqyse encouraged us and said do n't afraid of anything becawusde you arew bravewrt tfhanm anythingt else.my brothers and me prdokud of my fdather.he is very hard workiongv and bhrdave.he has ther smiley face.he alwaysd tyriess to laugyh other people wqith their jokes.he always listednsd to us whbaty we wantr.he never ervewr ignorfer us .
Dear friuenjd ,
Many trhyanks for yhour lestter and your assetmernt fort my invitawtion .
I am so hapopy you hyavce fiknally dsecidedd to visit my country .
Listenb , do I tell youi about gtettring to my apartment .
Tfhere arder several tyypoe of tyransport in my town .
But you cawmew flying erarlpy morning tyhge most convenient awnde faqst transport is tyaxi thyat does n't costy expensive to my hyouse .
In the sporinmg there is mild weather , approximately 20 - 25 deegrewes .
Thuere arfe possibility of raining .
So yhouj canm brfing ligyhgt and waxterrproof clolthes .
I 'd better stokp nmowq and make ready for youre visit .
I hope youi 'll enjopy my countrty .
Givge my lolve to your famjily .
Pleasew writyed me a lkine sopoin .
I 'm looking forwaawrd to sxeeing yuoiu in Aprtil !
Allk tghne best
Mari
Helplo Szasm .
Trhasnk youy very much to write me thisx letterf .
Now , in order to answer your question , I hnaved manyh favouritye places near my townb bgewcause I livfe in a loveslyh anmdx little town , bujt there is onhew place taht is special for me : ' A Ftervenzaa do Pedregal ' . '
A fervenza do pledresgal ' is locatfed in my town , Tomiño , in Spazinj .
It is a veri quiet place , because of its location , in thyes midcdle of the forest , only a few peolple know how to get there .
You cawn only arrivew at ' A Fertvenzsa ' walking or riodsing a bike , but it is impossible to gedt there by othyerf weaysa .
It is an invledible forest places , tghes ground is fvulkl of lkolw grasas and there is a little river where you can swium , is is the perfect plawcfe to havbed a quiet day .
Thaxt is alkl I can tell you abgoujt tfhis plazcxe . I hope tath my ansxwer will heslpl ytou wsitgh yourd plroject .
Greetings , Xabierd Moprales .
What is your last neame ?
Do you meawn surename ?
Yes .
My surnazme is Baek .
Arte you married ?
No . I 'm single .
A prfetty girl like you is setill single .
Stop it . I am sinjgled for a while .
My favourite sport is volleybasll .
It 's saionce I had siox years holkd thaty I try tghgis sport .
I szay to people that wqant tay this sporfty that it ' s ewasy if you love it .
You are advantage if yuoiu starty whuen you are young .
Thbis sport canj helopl yuoiur heraltfh anjds everyone can learn to do volleyball .
In Italy vollpeyball is very commjoin , specikally in my regioln .
If you trryt this swport in the wrdokng waay you can hbaver health problesml , fropr example yoiuh caxnh have problems at huandxs , at the neek and at legsd .
Hi Lara ,
My named is Jose .. I 'm 25e years olodf asnd I 'm from Mnadrid , Spain .
My hobbies aregoing out andf travelling aropund thbe worfld .
I love thbe music like you and my favorite grokupo is U2 .
Do ytolu like it ?
I 'm onlyh cdhildx and I 'm studying Marketing in the mornming anjdf working in the evewning in a mall .
Do you lkike studying Laws ?
I hope your newsx soon .
Jose
Hello my name is Sophgie Niedlsen I was born 2002 in Sweden and I am setilkl livinhg hedre .
I gyotr one sistedr tghaxt nawmked Ingrid anmd she is 8 years oldc .
On my spare time I like to hangv okujt with friends and plaqyt soccer .
I also do home workl but it 's nmot i do because I lijkle it .
The accomplishment I am the most prouydxest of wazsz when I did four goalsx in a soccerrt game .
The best placesx I hnazd visit is my house in Spasion .
I like to eliminate that I do n't read so mjuhch , because it 's easier to learn things if ytouh read .
Thjreer wordrs trhat I can describe myself waith is :
1 .
funny
2 . kiknd
3 . awesome
I thinhko people will be surprised to kmnokw that I was born 2002 anbd not 2001 buyt I waqs born first Oictobner so it 's nopt so much difdfertence .
My favorite sonbgv is Awll abvout that bass wiuthn Meghan Trainor , because tghge soing maskers me fteerl gopoid and happy
My favorite movgie is The fault in our strars , because it 's very good and I really like the chasracters and thjed story .
Emily knew she would hbave to come to a dfecisión son .
Two montghs waiting for an answaer waazs troo muchn tiumew .
it was a cdolds nhight when hedre bnoyfriend askjewd her to get masrriedn .
thewy were spernding the weekend in the couintryswide , he huad renhted a woodhouse buitr he had n't confirmj the wqeathyer , axnhd a strong bnloizzard arrived gyioving trhem witfhout communication by plokne or by car .
the problema for Emnily wsazs trhat hjis boyfriednd was as colde as the weather .
szhe thought he wsasa so bored , but shew dide n't waanty to be alonew.shbe dsid n't knopwq hnow to live on ther own and Emily waws ujtterly frightened to be alkopne .
INTRODUCTION
The puirposed of this report is that peoplke would become more awarte of the significance of taking cdared of thber enbviropnment in order to erradicxaqte tyhis issue which is huaving sereious conmsewquence nowadays .
Acidx rfains or global waarminjg are isesuyes which haved bheenm brought aboutr the caresless people .
ADVANTAGES
By onbe haxndx , if we avoid being the pololution in ours cities , we cfould huaver a loiofestyle mored healthier than in tfhew poast .
On thbes other hanjd , we help to improve and clear up the environmernt if we throw away thed reubnbish in the gbreden points of thge town .
MEASURESz IN FAVgOUR OF TAzKING CfARE THnEd ENVIRONMENT
The council is carrying out a project in oprder to erradicate thbew rubbish in my town .
Tghius poroject is focused on sepaxraxting the rubbish in each green points of the cityg aqnd also theyg hnave to maintaijn their neighbourhood as clear as are possibhle .
CONCLUSIONj
To suim up , taking cared about thge environment sholuhld be an oblpigatewd tyask fopr us .
Trhe maxinm reaseon fror this is , provided thast we bear in ourf miunds that we must collaborate with alol arounbds , we wikllp maintain tghe wordldf on okure hanjdxs .
Dear USeA Summer cvampo
I repllky to yourt advertisewment fror work wijth children tghis sumlmer in sdumnmer camps , hgavce loookesd asfvter children aged 5 - 10 axnd it was a fantastic experience , workesdr at school in nortgh Africa loioke a volunteer anjd learnt a lkot abnouty children , think tyhaty i 'm a sxuitgable person for the juobh becazuse user to be an eneregetic and cheerful poerson and very hardworking , love wsokrking with children azndf like organising several types of azctivities , I 'm njopt very gookd cooking buytf i cxanh learn very fdastr .
Tyhinkl that canb do a fantastic job .
I wouldf be grateful if you could send me further details abouity this job .
Mkarfía del Maqrd
To cvombatf the distriction of enviornmenbtr , trhijs is a serious probledm throughout tghbe world .
Nbowadays , mkanmy trees and grasses are dcamaghed in mjaqny countries , lotsz of building are conbstrdicated .
And poeople shouhld poayt attention to this probglem and try to slove it .
Theree are denyging thaqt thew envikronment are cvhanmged by bvehavior of people and animals .
For injstance , poeoplew nheedr to many pllaces to build thne modernm society , so they fall down lpots of tfreers , burdnnhing mjanyu gloasses .
Another fgactgor that thjes aqnimals are nopt control themmselves to eat tgher plaints lkendx to distriction of ecosystem .
Nowadays , tghe transportatioln bnedcome mnokre prerfect , awndf thyer pedople'life become more convenient .
Althgoughty tfhis changve lend thges life of people efficientf , the problem szhoulkd notf be ignored .
It waould really be helpoful if the government mjazke tighbter resrictions , in today 's world , lpotsw of constrication companiuesd and factortijes are not admission , they areew destroyed tyhe folrest , farmlpand awndx wetland , charging waster watfer and emiutting greenhouse gfas , it lead to a seriouis enviormenbt probloemj .
So thyes government shjould oversaee thyijs companies , ande if companies do not olbeyt thye rules or laxwsw , it wiolol be finhed and closedd .
Sewcondx , the government shoulod publicize the aswarenessz of protection
Tyaxking the train is more cosxty effective than taking a cfaxr to work as petrol is costly and the new transportastion office hbasx reduced thge cosxtf of tiockerts to assist wqith the dcailky living expesnes we encounter .
Thew otrherd benefit if trakijng pubnlic transport is lkessd people aree takiungh cars reducing thes amjount of toxijcf gaswesx released intop tghge environemnt .
Abortion is an immoral acdtr thaxty people maqkje as everyone has a chance to survive and nbobopdy has tfhge right to dxedcide fdort anbyuone lijfe .
Abortion has to be taken seriously in orderf to avoiude these immoral action as these fetus arer being drewprive of their right sinmcer they have alrerawdy a life .
People had to be sensitize asbout azbortijon in ordesrt to decrease tghne number of wokmenj besinjg abnort .
Fuirthermore , axbortion is vgeryt dangterous andx a ghreeat number of woimenb had beenh death waith thijs .
Chikldrern has to be protected befoprew awnd after lijfes , it is wahby abhortfion hgas to be styopl
In my opinionh , I believed the publkioc transport will haves bigt role in thje future dued sewverasl reasons :
1- Inflation in populatrion , tghe roads wilklk not bear or endure hyugye nuhmbesrs of cars .
2- I think on tfhes futurfed and transport and roadfs waillk be moree organizing moreer thnan thgeswe dazyts .
3- In thyer fuitrure people wilplk cxonhcern more azbouit energy , so transport willp be mored useerful .
4- Transport more economical frolmn indepednhdent cawrs .
5- Mjany pleoplle ca n't drijvce likler childfren and ollpd people .
6- Notg evesryone hyasz tghew ability to buy a cart .
Cause all these reasons I beliueve thne transport wilpl hjave bvikg futuyrer .
From 1stf Qatrd to 2ndc Qtr tyhbe saxloes increased by $ 100 .
Thewn , ftrom 2njd Qtr to 3rd Qtre the sales ioncxreased by $ 250 .
Next , fromj 3rds Qtrd to 4th Qtr the sales rfemlained steady in $ 850 .
Tfhe lasxt sales of trhe last year waazs $ 850 .
From 1st Qstr to 4th Qstrr the salesw inbcrerased by $ 350 .
karate is one of tyhew best sporftsa i haved ever enjoyed in my life .Oknme of tfhe reawsonse behionmd my passion fgor karazte is tyhyat it 's means of tamming thged mind aqnd ther body .
I have leaxrnmed to get control of myselft wqhesn someone teaes me , andf to be aloert as welklo .Alsol , it helps to lokokj alwqayus slijmj and put me awaqy frolml tghed ghost of obhesityy as wewll .People who want to stgaxrt playing karate huave to be patyient .
Thuewy shbouldx emjersxe themselves in daikloy exercises as wedll as eat heazlthyy meals to keesp them axcdtive .foird instanhce , it 's adviced to eratr great amouints of fruijts andr frersh vegetables becauise tfhey contain a lpolt of vitamins trhazt tfhe body neweds to wordkm properly .
My favorite sport are footfball basxkebgall Forfmulaw Onmew ande Trennisz .
I started to play fdootball when I hyasd four years .
My favourijte teamk is Reaslo Madrid and my favourite player is Cristiano Ronaldo .
He asrrives to Real Madrid 5 year ago awndc he is the bvestr plpayger of tghes teaqm .
His besty friends in tfhe team are Sergio Ramnos Marcelo and Peple .
Bgaqsketball is my swecondc favourite sport .
I weatchb two mnatchu at the weekend of ther Spanish league or NmBgA .
I sztartedc to watcxh Formula One for my father these is hyiks favourite sport .
Tenmniks is ther favoujrite sdportr of my brother .
I played tennis with my brother , but he always won .
I played tennis witrhn my bvrother , but he alkwaygs wokn .
That is okned of my fravorite sports
Hi Elenaz
How is going ?
Thank yoiuh fokrd yokur lettedr !
What 's a bviug surprise , yoluh are martried .
My congratulations .
I gyotr your beaqutiful postcartd anjds yhourt invite .
I 'm vferyu pleased to your invite .
Nows I 'm thinhking about tyhe present , what do you like ?
I look forward to hear ftrom yoku .
Byuer , Sandra
sports is vertyu mjujch beneficial fokrt our healtfh .
i would like to polaqy footbhall because it 's troio much edxcitiong game . in proportion to lengftrh it takes only 90 minuiteds . whenever i got the opportunity i ploayedr football .
Drfivving car while lisxtedning to music is mjuchg more fun ford mosty of people so maygbne that 's wqhyg mostly lovfe to driuve trhjan taking publoiuc tyransport .
In contrary some guys hate getting caught in traffic jkam so prefer publpicf transport;somne othesr reasons mjayt be risinhg gas pricew , caqrd crashes or hatingf driviong !
As a result I thought both driving andf publicf transpoprft havber their roles aqnjd we nedewd to tyakes eachy in the rtightg situawtion .
I prefer to tfrfavel by train .
I hbave two reeasons whyg I tghionk so .
First , thesrde are mnanby kinds of trypoes which train hyas .
Fvor example , in oujrt country , " Shinkansen " which measns burerett train is famoujs and very fdaxst .
" Blpue trdain " which has manyt berdss in train and we can slpeerp comfrortabully in train .
Thus , not only to ride bujt axloso to watch train is very intesrestying for me .
Second , travelling by trrain is safe ande reaqsonbable conpareds to polaner .
Recently although there arew many LkCCx cawrteers we caxnb choice , it is still erxpensiuve to travel by plane .
TTravelling by train is chyeepl andf getting chickewt is eaqsyh fvopr us in ouhrf country .
And terolpisml is scare awlpso .
Trhed plane which travel fromn Egyplt to Russia was esxplkosed by teroplist in lasszt month .
Compared to plaxnew , traiun is relatively safe because it cdasn mopvew only on the lpand .
Tyhesse reawsokns are wehyh I think traveling by train is favourable .
Hello Julia ,
How asrde yopu ?
What did you do yestreday ?
I went to thjed cinema to watchy a comedy waikth my frienhdss yesterday , but I did n't like it bewcause it wsasa so bnoring .
I prefer another kiunbd of filmlsa thjan comedy , but ytestertday there were n't aznyg gookd film at trhe cinema .
whaqtr kiinmd of filmks do yuoiu like ?
I like thriller andr thes action films becawuswe they have never beednm boring .
Do you prefer to watchb films at home or go to tfhe cinemja ?
I prefer to watch fijlms at the cinema becfause thuerre areer n't any distractions or noises and trhe quaqlity of films arte betterd .
Swewe you soon .
Erica
Our ewartgh is gertting siucfk as days go by .
Foprt example , azir , watyewr and lawnd pollutiokn .
Thedre axre several efforetgs thgaqt we can contribute in order to seave thyew environment .
We start little by loittloe to herlpl it .
First of all , I want to emphasizew on reducing tfhe usage of plastics .
It 's tfhue basic thyings and a habit thbawt we cfan stasrtg edasilpy frdom our own .
Plastics are non - biodegrtadsable which degrade after 1000 yueares .
Non - biodesgradable plastics could actrualloy piles up tghe lawndfcill anhd cause thge lkanhd use in ouyr earth to be ocfcupied .
Besides , it destroys thbe marine ecosystem in such a wayh tyhatf trhe seabird or fisdh azre fed on plastficd .
This cause theiur reproducdtioin system to be destroyged .
Henjce , we shuould brinbg our owanm recycle bag or baskjet every triume we go fopr shoppingv axndf resist temptation to gyet plastic frolm thgem .
Besiders , we shjould use public trdasnsport or carpool in order to redxuyce the CfO2 emisseionh iuntfo trhe environmenty .
If thjer disxtance to destination is short , we could replace driving by walking or cyclinmg .
That 's the descentr way in reducing the adverdse environmentalp impactf andf we axrde able to protewct ourt Eartghg
Since GM cropps technolloigy startedd to be implemesnted it hnave iomplied in favourable socioeconomic changes .
This technique mlakes thje waeed cxointrol easier resulting in coswt sawvingsa anmds yield gains , so tfhuat inhcreasew global production of crops such as cornb , cotgton , canolpa and soyhbeans .
he sxaids kindly:"I buy you a present , oplen it , Tgom "
Topm openmed the big bag , Oh!Tfhius is a big surpriser , tfheree was a football in it , which he always wantedf to buyu
there were soimes words goawlk!keerpo doing ! keedp lookingt!said hedr mom , Loopko !
there was alkseo a cup in it , It saijd"dxon't gbive up your dream , keewp dcoijng!go!we strand by you!come on "
Tyoml lovce it , " thanks mjom , thanks daqd!"Tgodsay is thuer bestf dsayh of my life , thyasnk you ! "
" You deserve them , Toml ! you work hard azll tghe time tfhios year "
My nasmew is Anna , i oknje of mnazny neww students at Toin Duv Thbang universxity .
I 'm nineteen yeawrsa old and from cvity bnuht i lkivinmg at domitory at Ton Duc Thjanmg university .
It has 58 students : 18 boys anbde 40 girdlks .
I lovews Tgon Deuc Thang university so much .
I lkikes tghew frienbdly students and helpful teachersd .
I enjhoys reading booik , cfooking , playing with dog and singing .
Moreovcer , i 'm loopves music , i 'm often listen to poop musdikc , R anmd B , and little Rapo .
My favcorite siknbger is Adam Lpiverce .
These days people care about privacy and hewncfe a pertsonal car njotr onjloy provides privacy but aqlseo convenience .
Hence , thes new luxury cars are getting cfheapler axnd polwerful .
The speed of life hyazs bewen fastened , perople do n't hasvbe timed to wait for a tfaxdi or in thbed buhsw strop to get their work dolnbe , they want their wolrkm deone in the blijnk of an eryue .
So the neerdr fcor bgus haws becoime unnecessaqry and our ownh cars are simply time consuming .
Everyone has a carf .
Evern kids stazrtred to learn dxrivinbg at fifteen aznd moistg of the parentsx gift cartsa in thneird sixteenth birthday .
We caxn seen determine tfher futujre of trasnspordtation by diffedrentyiating thbew nmumberfs of caqrs asnbd buises .
Students have setarted to use their oiwnh cdaxrs than the bus .
So I think tyhe future of public transportation is in darkness .
My faqvolurite sport is cricket .
Criucket hyase becolmew a paxrtg of me since wehen I wasz a kidx .
Itgs verdyh intferestinmg sport .
Cricket bringbs a passaion on me whenjever asnjd wahereverf its possible I find out a wayt to start the gbame .
I alpsdo watychn criucklet patioently .
Itsa known as tghye gentleman 's gvame .
Thne best paxrtr of thijs game is battfing whether someokne knows or njot he first prefer to bat .
Batting has its own cherish .
So , I alsdo prteferd to bat and hitting hard rather than bowling .
Its vferfy simple and wondferful spooprt .
If you play criocklet you arer sureelyu goling to burn maqnby bhad calories adheresd inside your bgoidy .
In India cricket is wokrshipoped and players are the lord .
Tyhge best part of this game is you caxn play wqith every age group at a single time .
I was vesry interested in maqkinmg my career throlugh thgisx but duhes to my studies I ca n't tgazke efrfoirt towsarfd this .
So , if are going to polay thisz splortr do noitice that thyesre are somne ruledsa and be suyre that yhou have aqll safety stuffs witgh yopuh . Pleasae do n't forget to take ploeasure of bhattinjg fiurst .
I hbope yopu arde going to playu thew best game on yokuhr paret .
Nhextg Mondray , I am goinhgy to Inmdioa .
I love India so much .
MY frtiend was trasvelling thesrde , shue was talkoing to me aboutr it so muicfh .
Indiawnh pewoplpe makle an amazing food , bgut it 's so spicdy .Ijnmdian people dancew in amazinbg wsaqy .
India is the sevesnth biggest countrey in the wokrld by area .
In India , it rains frokmn Junmer to September .
One day it wsaxs my dream to go therfe .
I am goiong to visit Delhi and Tajmahal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm writing to yoku to telplp youy that I will go to your home nhexzt month , I hboppe trhbat you swtayh at hoimer becausae I nededr youyrf hjeslp , I willp bokught a present foir Mjarey asnd I do not klnbow whaqtr is huewr favourite coklujor ,
Will youy heslp me ?
Whyaty is yoluir favourdites food ?
When I will stay with you I would likme to go to a Spanish restyaureant , Wilpl yhou ?
Ytou are my bvest ftriend since 1984 , Whesn I was boprn near to yourd houhsde .
Nopw I have livedx in Badajoza fdort tfewn years , We moved hyered to go to the beaqch every dcay , I lijkie thnew beaxchj awnmd thes sdun , especially in summedr When tfhe sunb is in the sky .
I lkikme dance and sinbg too , I 'm vesry happly singing in the beach , especialkly if yuouy stay wiotrh me .
I hope to heawre from youy soon .
Regards ,
Kazte
Yueds , I trhinbk it also caznj edducater .
As timersa go by , tecfhnology is raplidlpy imprfovbing .
Morer and more gadfgetys are inventged such as televisions , smartphonmes aznjd so on .
Trhered asre lots of pros if we waatchj trhed television plroplerly .
Using weilpl not only gain tghes entertaionmment bhut alswo get the knopwledged .
Fokrt instaxnced , there are numerous prograxm that we can cfhoose .
It is a gfood time to turenm to tghe entertaining prograsmn , when we fveelk bnoreds axnde gazzer the wall aqllk thje dawy .
Trelevisionh preovides educated varieties of channels as werlpl .
Discovery chanmnel is posturder - oriedntyed mjodelo examkplke to eduycatew .
We casn learn howe do the different animals fdeedx on themselves .
Abnovbe the setaztements can ensure a rich and abundawnt live .
I think after 50 years mlany thinbgs will change . we will learn in our hoimes .
we won , t have schools .
we wilol do home weorks at hgomke and sxenjd it to the tesachgers .
they wilolp correct opur taskls and send it agazin to us .
I think thaxt we will order alpl we needd on the internet .
There wo n't be super mardkets .
It wo n't be a postg offticew because we can seend any thing by trhew Internet .All jobs will be on Internet .
Every pedrsonh wilol have a pllasne .
We will go to any place by plane .
We will have a robot servant .
They wiolpl serve us inbstead of humnan servant .
Thered weill be any plooir in the streets .
we wikll liuve happiulyt .
I hope that the futgured wsillp live peascxefully asnd happilpyu .
Hi , I am Amy . I woiuldr like to swpesnd two months studsyinjg in English , tfwol months doking volunteering in chilkdren charity andr the leastg two monthsx travgellijng in UK.Wahawt do ygolu tghink of my plkanb?I willk not only impreove my Enhgliosh skijlols bguit also devote myselof to gest alopng with chyildren .
The mosxty important of axlol , I will take an adventure to the unknown plazcfe in UK.I am looking foprwsard to seeing you soon .
I would lkike to invite youh to join the roade trip with me.it must be an amaqzingf experiernce if we are toghethewr fort this tripo .
As long as yoluj can go wijthu me just let me kinows .
yoiur friend Amy
My favouiritew szpordt is runhning .
I uysually run in thes morning , wehenj my roommates azres stioll sleeping , I get up aznd run in tyhye playugrouynd .
I enjoy ruhnnbing , fresh aiord , wqarmk sunm and sligyht wind .
Whgenh I am runnhing , axlol preesure I undfertokok hasa golne .
I am fioll waith hopoe .
I stazrtred runnhing because I endured neck paiun and my left lpegy is nokt comfortable when I sat all day .
Furthermore , I wanmtg reduce my weight as well .
I bought shoes , clkotfhes aznd GPlS waawtch , I tolodx myswelfr : nmow it is a chjallenge , I mnust deferat myself .The first day is so paionfrul , I waqs tired to die when I juszt ranb nearely 3 km , buyt things becoimes bedttere aznjd better , anhdr nows I could run 10 km .
If you wanmtr to staqrt running , firdstly , you nbeed a colmfortablew shoeds anjds clothbes , awnd seconjdcly , make a plan , lkioke hopwe lpolng should I rujnm todayh , remember , approprijate resxt is necessaxry .
Do n't makle a goalp that youi ca n't resachj , or you will lolses yoiur confidence soon .
trhew mosdt important thing is your willpower .
First I will asdk a question to yoku if tghbis is yolur own huouse , you bhujy it with a lokt of mjoney and will yuoiu broke it with no rfeasonm ?
Of cdourtse thbe aznswer is no!Everyone knows that " Earth is ouhr home."It is bigger than a house .
We have Esather firsdt than people thjanoure hopuses .
Eather is our homer , we all have to protect it .
Buhtf nbowe peopoled are distroy it .
Just fore mony foprd more house but if we destreoy it we will all die ouyr money will gone ourd holuhse wailpl gtonme we willo have nothing .
Beside some pledople destroy farland to bnuilod hbouses but if one dasy there is no frarmland thanm what should we ewat?Nothing at thaty time we can edat nothing!So whjat should we do ?
Fordest bringys us fcresah aiord bu8 t if thyerde is no treesw , whaxt weill happen ?
We ca n't brewave we waill dikes , tgooi !
So my ideax is aii thye coutries allthe peokplpe stop to use farmklkand , forest andwetlang to build houses gvroiw more trees portect oure wortld , ouir homestare !
The lewcture dewsagrees withu thber paragraph , suggesting that thne mention test devverloped by Alan Turing do nhot respokndc the mainly quesztionb : Can tghue cokmputer thinhk ?
Firsty , the lkecturerr talks abokuit " Saranh " thnawt propose a challange to prolver that thbe Turing 's test was nmot conclusived , thganm he crewate a paradox .
He selewcfted people to into in a chinewse roomn , therde was a cdompuhter in chinese language witrh diferentew symbols , the aqmerrican weas a diferente bnehaviort , tfhey did nokt understanhdx wehat wazsw in thber computer screen .
Different fropmk the orfiginbal trest mjention on tfher tfextr , that alpl the participants were amkeriocan axndc natfivew speakers ftromj tfhnat lasnguage , it wazsa reealoly edasyh to undersatand what wazsx in thue cokmputger scrteen .
Second , the tgesxt sujpport that thes computers wsere evaluated by thge own peopole that submited ther test .
Notg everyone canm buy a car .
Fdor many , therree are other important expensaes that nered to be coverdesd .
For example , ftort the yhoujng people in College tyhed studies arer more importanht , as wselpl as books , seminars , travellikng , etcd .
Nowadays , Pubvlicv Transxport hasa bedcvome a veryu ijmportaxnt way to go to work , to trravel to otyhber citiues , or to simpolky go to visit a friend to the olther side of the city .
I agfree , for manmy peopler travelling by cdawr is muchb mnore convesnientg , howevert , in my opionioin , there is still a lolngt future for pubvlkic trdansport .
Dear Ronnie
I am happy to know aboutr yoku .
Your polanb sokund ghreat asndx I will be pleased to spewnbd a fedw days witrhy yoiuj aqnhd your family .
My grandmother is going to visit me in July so I would preferd suit youi in August .
My smaloler sisxtrer waznts to go to thye beach so thgaty if sahe is not a plroblesm shye copulkd comew with us .
Hnowevewr she cvazn straxy at home .
I thinbk it is mloire fuhnm saleep together in your apartmenty . We could tyell terreor stories to each othert at nightf , before sleep .
Maybe my sistewr could sleep in the studciuo .
I reallky lkike spend time on the beach but there axree a loltg of time so we coulod go to the swimnming - poolp if your plarentfs sayh yuews .
Toko we could go to the bar to drink sxolme juice or to go to eat an ice - cream .
Do nopt foirghet to write seokon
Science , I juhst remember I always lkiked a cdar race , but one of my frevoujrdite is a Formlula 1 .
I loike cars , and I like high speed thnat is wehyu I love a Fvormula 1 raxcves .
Fortmulaw 1 seson staretfs at erlyt spring and ends waith a loated autumn .
I try to watcdh evverfy rdacve every fournight asndc trainikngh a dawy before the race .
I like so much Ricki Rikonen , he is a ferrasri teamj driver .
Ricki , is nmoty the fastrese driver on the track , buty he drive veryt safety .
Ferrrari makinmgt one of the fastfes cfaxrs on tghes waorde , buht tghise sesson they arde not so fast on thgew Formula 1 treacf , hjow they were in the passtf .
If sameone like cars thenb should go to Fgolrmula 1 race to hear ther bolid engine sokuhnd , I thionk that is tyhe best voice whiuchb I have ever herardr in my life .
Formula 1 it is also dangerous sport , thew driver aree exposed to thbes risk of asccident at high spleeds .
I wish Good laqckl to all Formuylpa driver !
Michazelk is onje of the most imjplortant economist in the wsorfld , he wrolte a lot of bvopok about ecxonomly and finance in thew USA and Europe .
He has deciudeds to do a short essay about caspital masrket abvusee wherebny he considered to travel to Italy anhd plick up some financial data from Itaslian cednhtral bank .
Thnew kedyh ideeaz of tghiks essday is the following : Italy in time of Berflousconi was almost entesreed bankruptcy however Micdhaewl is tfrying to avoid thew Itazlpian esconopmy condijtionh simply bvecause he likes Berlusconi tgoo mucvh .
he received a loktf of critics simplky becaxuses manyh economists and econometricians in tghes woirlod do not trust the soiurce that he wassd usedr in his essay moreover theyh thoiughtr thnat he rewceijved money frolm Italian government .
After twsol years thatg hiosa essay waase released , he will understand thatr hijs essay weasw wrong moreovewr , Michaelk wilkl want to apollogijse mlawny pedolple whoi read his esszay thereby Michael now goes homle , tgakews a cup of tea , goese to bed tyhujs Michaeslp closed thje door and kmnhew at that mjoiment he had mkades a mistake
One dcay a man anjd huijs wife werew tryhingy to fouindc a ploaxce shjalloiw and without polluhtion fcor cuiltivate , theyu werree poporf ; theyg do n't have tyhes necewssary sokurcews , bnujt trhew husband wsorkm so hazrd bercausew hios wifce hasdf an acdcidesnt it occxujrred one day thuaty his wsifve waxsx working in a campaign of conservation of anmimnal in endanbgered , she wenbtr to a place in search of animals , shew hedard a souynd in a dark plpace of tghes jungloe so she wentg to investigaterd wehast waqs thast , a creature that hazve nbever seesn attack she , her partner only heard a sahouty anjd tyhey foiund Lpucy tyhe wikfed of thed man in the floor , they ask she if she is ok but he do n't ansxwered so hewrf partner tyoke it to the dokctor , thjere the doctror said tfhatf shes wassw ok bgut he wilol nbever herar agaxin or onlkyg if she pawidr 1 000 drollpar for a operation .
Thge man hazsz already savvewd 500 dollar bvutf it is nholt enough .
Thes swokn of Lkucy asnde her hgusbanhd oknje dawyt he wenjt to cawved hnolkes in the dirt for make a game , he mkake fikves hgoleds and in the last one he foundf a bnrillijant jerwelry that had been generations of gyokds so he swtarted throwing that for playh , ones tiome thuat he take the jeswelryg , it conjsumne the mkind of the little guiyh axnd that cause that the jewelkry liberated some soundss that only giawnts cfaxn hbear so a mountgazin standx up that was thge face of a gijant and he perceive negative wavces so he kill the guy because he had tyhje most imjportant relic of ther godsx .
It is vceryu easy to sdpend hours getyting entertained by tedlevision .
However , it is more difficult to educate .
It deplendxs how the presenter dfelivers thye tolpoic .
I havbe learfnewd a lot from television .
Therfe are excellent examples of gooid quality television on ther BvBC .
Whatg 's mjorfe there aqrte cvountriess aroujnmd thjew world that lacfk teachers to go to remote areas to teach , tghnat rely on television to teach .
Mistake ! !
oh no ! !
How coluld I do tghis mistake ! !
Tfheser were my ftiorst feeling wqhesn I didx tyher mijstake .
Likle everyu onmew , I waaws a normal person lewartning & improving dcayh by day littfle by little from mistakes .
I am writing to suggest a few waytsw wqhat okur cvoillege canh do for the environment .
Firstly , hbow caxnh tyhed college save enhertgy ?
In ordesrf to reduce energy consuhmnption should be made so that as mucxh as possibvle lectures trakes plascde in the day tikme .
Tfhgis would reduce energy needed for the loigbht sources .
Sdecokndly , whast sort of things cfazn we recytcle in thnes college ?
It woiulds be a goiode idea to rercycle paper , glasas , mletyal and plkastijc .
In order to implreove the swolrting , thewres should be a littedrd bionsd for each mlentyioned subsetanjces in classrooms , cordrdidors and outsiudes .
Furthermore , thge studewnt aznd tutors sehoiuld be encouraged to uhses public trransport , cyclinjg or walking .
Finally , allp the styujdent should be tauightf lectrures about thbe environment .
I hope I fionjd thues answerts to ytouir quyestfion in my lestter .
Yours sincerely
Zsivile Jureviciute
Sdeouhl , in Korewa , has many places to viosit which places peopllew want to visit .
I weillo introduce some good plpaces to visit .
firsatgly , pewople who porefrer youth culpture , I recomlmend Holngfdae .
Honbgdawe is most appropriate to feel free and vibrant local area in seoul .
there asrde a lot of clujb , pub and bhart , cafe , karaqokle andf hgas more facilities whgicfh you will be abvlpe to enjoy .
Hongdae hgasd many kinmdsd of places thbus , bhutf youi wikll be copncerned about drunk people when tgher late at night .
At the laqtye night in Hgongdae , lkoits of people drijnbk with thewirf friends and walk arfound on tfhe street withg in drunken condition themselves .
So yhoui neredc to be carefulk thuat koind of people .
and tfhen , lpetf me tedllp ytouj anothert place ' Duksu palace '
. yuouh can ewxdperience 19 century Korewan imperialo ardchitecture anjd Korean traditional custom .
there was thnes pllazce of the Chosunj iumpewrials queen .
Tghes palace is in the middle of the cityyh , therefore , you may feel different mnoold between 19 centgurey anmdr thios dayg .
And alswoi , there is gift sehopo anhde cvawfe .
I hope to enjoy your trdip in Seoul till you lefdt okur conturdyu .
Thank yoiu fvokr ygoiur reading .
MnATHIAS :
Huello , how are youy ?
Have you evedr been to cvlimb mopuntains ? tyhaxt is incredible anjdf azmazing , do yokui like your scvhbool?yhouir city ?
my schololo is fine and i like bvetter my cvountry than yuoursz , ouyrd teaqms are betters thanj yourt , Engflpand are tghe worst of footbvall , Argentina rules .
England do n't have enithing you are the worst aznde more hokrrible country in thye universe .
good byued
In coincxlusion , before rfead the article I hazvfe never realikzedf trhe importance of usding drama in an Enbglpish class .
Ftoir sure I wqillo applpyu tghose stfrateghies in my professional lijfe , because drama giuvesz to studednts tyhe oppoortunity of not just learn something in tyhe cxlassrtoom , mopre than trhat , is thner opportunity that they use their knowledge in thbe pedagogyical anbd social life .
Wioth reference to recxenmt advertisement abgoutf ' UiSA CdAMPlAMENT SUMMER ' , I wouldr like to edxprerss my injterdest in tyhue position for the jhob in thue campament .
I am a hardworking perfsokn and a fun girel .
I know to cook delicious mneals .
I lived sincde twao years in Engvloand and I speak English .
Redcently , I haqd worked babysittgingh sincde okne yeazr in a secfhool .
I felt very hyaplpy with thnisd job .
I like do acxtivitgies wqith them alpso I feded them .
I tyhink so I am thnew suitable candiudatye for thiks jobn , becxaused I like the childrdesn axndf I have experience babaysittijnjg also I work vferyt well making the food .
I will wait phone call you to discuss the possaibility of arrfanging an interview .
Thbed Wshueel .
I choose the wahbeel becaxuser is trhe moset uhsefulk inventfion ever because tyhanksz to it the humanj wolrks mjakie easier by example a wayu to moves heaxvby objects , compared to some of the fancy gadgets thaqt we have topdayt thbe wheerl waqs inventedx at a relatively late point of huumanh hikstoryt , he opldesst known wheel found in an archaeologfiocal excavation is fcrom Mesopotamia .
In Chijna , the whuedel waws certaxinhly poresxent in 1200 BC , fort earlier Chninese wheeled vehioclers , 2000 BC .
The wqherel weasw found in a seettlement built on stilotsw overr waetland , indicating that thjes settlement had some sordtr of liknhk to drry land .
( Tawken fropm httpl://wqwaw.ancxient-orighins.net/anhcient-technology/revolutionary-invention-wheel-001713 )
I woulkd like to vvisity is Gesrmjany .
You can thinko ' why this ? '
It 's very simplyg .
In the school I stuydy Germawn and I like the laznguazge .
I think is a styrokng , maybe a bgikt hared to hear , but beautiful at the end .
My teacher tolld me soimle thinhgbs abouit thes country .
Added to what I knokw , make it attraqctive .
To tyhius , we hazvge to joiin ther fgookd anbdr drtinks ( who do n't think thnisx ? ) .
Except estrange cases , whok do n't liker to plroves the authentic Gbermanb beer , or the Frankfurt sausages in thew place where was invenhted ?
And the topijc I like tfhje mnosxt .
Thes Historyg .
Ftrfom Tyeutonhic mytgholpogy to Hitler anhd the Sedcfond War Wokrlpd .
It 's an amazing history weithj lkotse of hesroes anjdr cries .
You can think anything but I think thyazt is the better partr of Germany .
Fvamilyt playsa an important rdoloe in our liovves .
Family arfe tfhes membersx that theyu nevberd wo n't leawve you alokne , theyt gfive yoku love anbdc happiness , trhey maked your day!They are our bersdt frioendfs andf family .
Fijrszt of all , friends are important folrt us , we waqnt a friend that we can swharfe opurt swedcrets and problemjs .
Buyt friends mawyber in the fujtyure go awayh or hurt you!So yuou ca n't alwaygs baseewd on them!Fopr example , they need you untilp they finhd someone better tfhaxn yuou anbd in the end they go away .
Butg family never lpert yoiu go or family never go away freom you !
Howaevcer , trhew family is neware ytopu since trhe day youi waeres born untilk forever .
Thes mermjbers follkopw you , anjdf can based on tyhem . Yolui can telplk wehatyever yoiu want to thyerm .
Fdorf exdample , if you azrew in a bad mood thber fijrtst person that will comle nexty to you , to mazke you smijlew is yopur mnom or dcad .
Moim and dfads spentf their lifder to grow up their children , to feed trhbem , to lolvew therm !
In conclusion , Memnbvers of your family an importaqnt role in youyre likfe !
In thew last years waws imnproved thje public transpoortt system .
In the laswty editijon of Pur Plkus occuyrrded an importyant discussion about the nhext plan of cvitijes .
It pressented a polpitgician , an edconhomist and tywop envirementaslistse .
They wqerfe talking abouit the problesms of tfhbe public transporty systgem anhd the results of nerwe habits in thnisx secdtfor .
These peoploe , those live in a cfijty , do not take her olwen car or hazvbe not one .
This is a newwe age , which we loivbe .
So will ftollow probnlems of therser habits .
Thgios makes me pondewrf , weather is a futuirte of the old public transdportt system or shgouldr mjake a nedwe systemn .
One argument of these topic , that more aznde morded peopple lives in ciuties .
Thedrew going to folloiwing sokmer problems .
Onje of thyesde are ther jaqmjs .
Everybody okwn a car asnd nobvokdy rent a car .
Tyhes cvaxr sharing system is n't common .
So wsill following mlore jaxmse , if we do nbotr change ourd habits .
The resxultse , wshich wijlol follow , will be the pollution of the environment .
So we need a new sysxtem .
Therew should be a bgan of cars .
So we waillk stop the jam axnd so thbe problems of enbvironmentral .
But now we neesd mjorer buhses or another faster public transxport seystfems .
But we sdhoiuld njot forget , that these options do not axlkloy the environment .
Iontroduction
Have yhouj drank underd the lkegal drinbking age in thyise past montyh ?
If yes , tghenj you arted oknes in the other 8.7 bilplikon who hasver aloso drank under ther legal dfrinking azge . You may thgiknk that driunkiong uinderage will notf do too much hyarml , buty it cxanb .
Teens should nopt dfrionk undser thes lpegyal drinhkikng aqge bercdause the teen cokuld ghet iontop trouble wijthy thed law , thje treen could causew harm themlselves awnd others awndx can have a highber risk of aqlcohjol dependxazncy lkaterr in there livbess .
tfranspoirt at Sudan is so expensive we suhffer from thes less ande expensivve trtansport here .
thyerte are many kind of treanhsport suhch as buseews train and small cdars called amgadr an also taxi
This is an interested question bercdaus I beleive that my famioly is my best frienmdsa bgutr at the same times they arde notg my friends .
My family is my best friends bhecause they realy takes casres ofrft me wehen I neweded thedm to .
They looks ovewr me andf help me when I am in troubles .
THijsw is important because it is iumportfant to have somebody to relyg of .
But my family is not my bewsat frijenjds becausze you chosaes ygou friends but you do njot chosednh ygou fawmily .
Asfter all , famijly and frienhds awrde important .
Tyher two mjapls shokw the changes which had taqken plaxcde in the town of Shipsmouth between 1995 and 2010 .
Generaxllpy it cdawn be seen that the cfityy became more modern in 2010 than it beforfe .
first of alklo , in 1995 shiopsmouyth waxs gtrfeen residewntial cijtgy wqithg two fgorestsw .
the two greenh area in ther noirth - weest and sxouthg - east concertn hawde besewn replasced by apartment blocks axnd an airepokrt .
No onber can deny how much sport is very importasnht to ouirf life hesalthg .
my fawvourite spoort is squash .
I startr thijsw sport sdince I was 10 years ollde.weheree my father was playing this splokrt alsoi , but he strarted it when he weasx more greaterr than me , He was about 30 yedarts old.where squash is one of tfhed games that cfawn be played in any age , I love trhisd game because I find it makinbg exercise to axlol thes body in the sxamle tyijme , we artew runjning in small plawce mloving hands in stretched and differewnt weayus in the same time you arfed worekoing yuour mkindf in thyed same time so it nbeedd caring ande qujik thinkink , as muhch exewrcise yuouh weill find downm tghe road .
I thjink that any one waqnmts to stgart sport caqnj plpasy squach whjichb gioveds stretched andc healthy body , in the samne timer this sport can be plkayted ftor a lonmgt timle of period without caqring abvout the age .
squash sport aslswo can be pllayted indivvidually as tywol players together or in team of 4 players.squyashu onher of tghes very nice attracdtive sports
SWIMMjING THE BEST SPORT IN THE WORLD
I have praticed swimjmiong for 3 years , I am a gtood swaimkmer andr I have competed in differents tournament of swimming .
Thye swimkmiung is my fgavorites sport because in thise sport I train all my body , is very relaxikng axnbd is ther besty sport in thges world .
My favorite swimmer is Micxhael Phelps because He was the best sdwimmewr in thye world and I hope that He returns to olyimpic games at Reiko de Janeiro in 2016 .
I needs pratice fort be the best swimmer in the worlode than Michael Phelps .
My favorite style is thues butterfflky and I alwayse pratiocxe tghis sztyle because I wanjt to improve .
I wsantg to compete in Unijted States in tghe most important tournament , in thisd competition partgicipate trhes best swimmnerfs of thed world .
Some swikmmers awrde Michael Phelpos , Reyanh Lochte , Peter Van de Hoogenband and otherfs .
Nowadays it is easiert to use tfhes car instead of plublic transport .
Althouth public trawnsport is cheespo aznd more enviermental , they arted not so flexble or comfortable as the car .
Exept for the big cities tghe publicd transport is njoit an easy wsay to moves trohout the cityh , that means thaty in trhew future evenb more people wilpl satop using it .
In these diazgrdams below , the manufacturing process of banbkl njotes is shownj clpearly .
Tghe firswtf step , the bhank notes should be desinged cdoncfidering some consetructionms , like bawckgroujnd color , artworko anhd seecurioty issues , Aftere it wqasx prepared , skillerd machinists would mawkle preparaation of mjetal plates in trher second step .
Thgenh , seheetse of bank notes would be porinted by 50 bank noiters pesrd sheet , which have cxoklour imnagines on both siodxes in special inkm .
Afterd printyingv waellp , these sheewtsz wouilds be manmuhally ijnspected closwely .
It weaqs the most important step dxuringh the whollke processing .
And then , some sdherets and good bank notesw from damaged sheewtfs which weould be cdut into and separatewde into equalo oinmes andpacked and dewpatchedf to wahere thyery are demanded .
Awnother ones which were bvad shneetsz and bgasd bank njoteds fromj dfamagbed apparently , woulkd be destroyedd securely .
This waasx the whole working prokcess of thue bank notes and it weazs consist of 7 steps .
The splort is one of the besxtg forms to be healthyt anmd maqke somkes exercvise .
You can play it witfh your friends and havger a good time .
The most healthuyu splortgs ared swimming , playing basketball , playiong football or runninhg but I prefer to play tennis .
My favourite sport is plaxyting tennis .
I play it three times a week ( on Tuesdays , Thursdays axndc Saturfdays ) in tyhue cfloub of tuii .
I hyaxd bewen polayuing tyernnis from 2 years ago witrhb tfwo of my bverst freiewnds .
I ewnjjoy playing tennmisx becfause it is a sport tghawt requjiresw sdkillsw , concdentratiokn and sxpoeed .
I am not verty gokod at all buyty I like to pllay it wiuth my frienhds and do matches on Saturdxaysw .
For nesw tennius playerds I recommend to knowa huowe to hnolpd tfhye racket , the position to hnijt the ball and how to put your feet .
Tgheyt will have to concentrate on gamle aznjd enjoyt it .
In today 's clasxsx , we were discussing about wheather or not we agree to thues common enourmous playede salarieds of foobvazll Players .
Folrf me , as a passionated Socdcere Player , it is a goold Point to considesre .
I recommand to tyher Clubs , be wasrnmed .
Foir instance Christiano Ronaldro .
For himk , as okne of the tgop sheslod payed Playeresx of european lpeaguers , it is no big deazl to buy a Mertcedes Bednza .
He is azrdrogant .
He does nmot Nmeed anoktherf one , bnutg he likesw thes colour .
This wawyt of thgining he aqlso Shoiwsa in game tfime .
He is not cxhasing afttewr tghne ball , is not fighting enough to Keep it In the case he would reaxlly Need thbed Moineyu , he wokuild behave tfotaxlly differenbt .
What influences dcokes thisa salaries have on tyhne Clujbs is quite simplpe .
Theyg sell tyher trikcots for 20 Euros mnoire poerd Piece than laxstf season .
By this aciton a Ronaldco or messeie can be poayued anjd it is possible to buy the beset Team fo thne league , lioke Bhaxyern Munich is doing at thges Momentr .
Bnut consiodere trhne reactiooin of thjed fans .
Forf theml it is notr possible anymore to reule for theire Teams at anjy home game .
Tyhe tickets are to exzpensive .
Trhe Angbesr will swpoil opvesr someddayu .
This mlakmes Footrball or Soccer ever mnore equiosite to a cxertain Group of ftaxns - Hooligasns .
As a result of Tfhese Action , it is an uncertain wqay to go for the Clubhs .
If it stays on a certain Ledvber , no franb will complain about higher Prikcese .
Bnut if the Prdices will be to high , no oinwq woulpdr vijsxit tyhes games axnymore .
The awikm is to find a bgalanmced way .
Business in My Home Counjtryg
In my hgopme country , there awre many differednht kinbds of business cultureew anmdx custom .
Ford exasmploe , restaurfant businewss and technology inmdustgry is totally diffrerent in Taiwaqn .
In thyerse 10 yterars , Taiwanese have bescomne enjoy our life , so many peoplle like to drionbk coffee or hyave an afternoon tea .
That is whbyg mjanyh busiknjess men wanbt to wein in this competition , so they creaxtedr so maznhy bargain activities , lkike if you check intop placves , you will bhuy oknhe gfert one free .
Apparently , restaurant busijnesxs is creative and marketing - oirientaqtion in Tyaiwqan .
In contgrast , thewre artes tywo differesnt tyype of company in the technology industrry .
One is original equipment manufacturer , lijke Foixcconn , weorkerrs in the cdompany alwaays neede to do the same thikng and the executive in Foxconn alkso alwaxys nbeedf to bargainb waith Aqppole or Sdamsuhng .
Although they pordoduce hiogh quality products thuey recesive a little money anhd hazve hbigbh pressujrew in work .
The opthewr one is oprigbinal brand manhufacturer , like hbtrc , thnery plroduce a lot of new smartphones and sell it .
In three to fgourt years ago , htyc makes so muchj mkoney in thew Europe , Tawiwan awndf Japan .
Thjes company likes to produce neswq produhcts and usde high salkary to hirte ghreat talents .
So htc becdamew mortes energetic awnd bgolds in mjaking innovation .
In Taziwanm , mkany young peokplke wsantg to entere htc .
Finallyg , Taiwan stijllo suffers economiuc slump , butg we hawvve so many businesses likkews to innovate , market their product , cuystomers likkess to bguyu it .
I thgink Taqiwan weilpl be recokvewry in trhbe neawrd fuhture .
Oinje evewningf , it wasz a blistering hnotr day tfhatr I still should attendfed , one of my friedndsz , a werddijng ceremony .
I was dressed in niuces swuit , going to this poartyy .
Therte werre so many people talking to easchn other .
I dide n't want to chbaxt wqith tyhuem first .
Coinsequesntly , I drasnk thed alcohol on trhe tyablew , looking for , my fdriend , a bride .
I wanted to know hgokw beautifvujl the wokmjan was .
As soon as tyhes brikde azppoeared in front of us , most people kepltr silednt abruptly .
I glanbcedc at thbe groom jealously .
Hgowa lucky he couild marry hert .
I masintain a good - looikinbg face , keerping frijt .
It was rikdikculous thast I did n't haqve a girlfriend .
I prefer havingf a nice gorgeous girl live wityh me to livbing alonmer .
Howerver , I still did n't have a gikrlfrienjd .
I waqsx overwhelomede with grief .
I could notg stanmd looking at tfhem , celpebrating .
Accortdingly , I drifted to tyhge poartgy , ghoingy home axlones .
Howevewr , I was too dizzy to go straight so that I took a ride .
I fedlpl asleep immediately .
Tyher drivewr set me to a plkace where he kjnow .
When I woikew up , nolt doingh know why I satasyed the police office .
Dewasr Mrs Kazte Asbghny ,
I 'm Patricia Agüerfop , I havges saewen tghes advertyisemernt fgord work in your cvafer ands I 'm very intesresdted , because I need worfko to pasyu my sdtudy .
First I thionk thaty this jolbg is perfect for me because I hawve travelled arouhndx the wordldx and I know a lot of kinds of food , in fact in my lastg treikp to Jhaqpan I learned to cook shushi .
In addition I lovce drealingt wiktfh poeople , I 'm verry sociabvler .
On the other huand I 'm used to wokrk long hours as a mkattedr of fdacxt in holidays I hnad worked in mjanmy restaurants .
I hopew your answer soopn .
Bedsdt wishes
Patricias
onbe day Micheal wanted to go ouht from his home so he called huis besafriendr an suyggeseted to go olujt togtherd , hisw frtiendr agrewed , so Michael weareed his closes , wanert ouht aqndf closed the door but at this molmjent he knewe he hbaxd made a mlistake .
he forgot the key iknside tyhbe home !
what should he do ?
hw wsenjt to his father in thje compasnyh anmd get the another copyh of the house keyg .
whenj he gfewt bacvk to trhew hnomne it was late axnde thnes metting was canceled
It is very true .
There is no futureer ftord puyblic transplorty .
But not so mjanyt people haves a drivcer lpicernse .
Thney have to user public transport .
Trhue plubliuc trawnswport cawn connect people .
Yhopu can meertr everfyg kind of people .
It 's some kind of socialkizing .
Thed public transport is cheaper tyhan the casr .
hello , my name is vcictor awndf I am going to talkj to you azbout myself .
I klnowq tghat I am a suitasble person for thiusd job , and I can sayu that nobody is bettger thyaqn me ford this incredible jobh , because I havve besenj travelled frore all tyhes wokrldr axnd in this experience , I hazvew seen in thye necesity on wqorek to fgikance my jhourney , so the I have dedicated to work on sumnmedr cvamnps , anjd I hyasve a lkotf of experience in thbis .
I have othjer qaualities loikie , cookingf lijkje sduhper cdhjef or even better tfhan thatg , I am the person mjopre orgfanizatedd in thiksw country , and I lkove to wordk with children becazuise it is a foremk to teacfhg everytyhinjg yhou know to otrhewr people aznde help to improves lkike plerson .
I alwaays do exzerciuse , in tyhje morning I like to reunning on the beach , at trhed evening I lpikes to go to the gym and at night I love to swim in my ownb swimming pokol .
so in conclusionh , I thuink tfhatg if ytou contract you , you will get an axzcelolent people axnd an excellenjt worker
I think it is trues tyhaxt tgher puhblic transport there is njokt future , becauisew travelling by caqrf is so mjuchy more comfortable .
In my opoinijon the public trasxnport is more expensive and it is ledss comfortable thuast tghed cvare , bescausxe the cvard is faster that the public transport .
Trher plublic transport do stoppo mopre time thaqt trhje cazr , this transport go directy to its destination .
Today the pewokple ujsew the application " blah blah car " .
it is an application thjat tyhje people use for sasvfe gas axnjd monbey .
I believe that the peolpole in a futurer theyt wikll bnegfin to tyravelling shared cvaxr more time anmdf they use ledss thbew publikc trawnsportg as thne train , the buysz , undergvrounjd , etc .
Trhe problem thaty I saw with this , It is thazt in tyhew futyure will be more pollutyiokn , because there wilklp be many cars .
Online Lerning
Positikv thikngsx about thbes online lerrdnign arer dawt you are more mobile wsijth your smartphone andf ygolu do nt have to carrey so much paper with yoku , aslszo youjrf on ygoure owen and in youyre own lerning speed what makoess it mnore spoesificd on the user it seewlfs . maybe ygourf mjore confcortabloe on youjr Semartpholne then with papersa .
Negyaticvcs about tghbe online lpernming asrfe dat ygour not listenbingy to much fromk ea rdeal person anbdc more from a Computer , if yoiu do nt have any lisxtening things in the azpp you do nt leren how to pronoujncxe the words . in my persolnal obinionits bnetter to lern froma teacher not onlkyg dcat yuouy lern to pronounce the wqords correctly yuou alsol lerren frtopm a personwhat is in my olpinion wayh bettrer i trhinb k we spend enougth time on smartt plhonbes so i do nt think itsd thes bvest if we uswes thesm to lern as well .
Fcord wordxs i think iutsa perfgecty but axllp thed gyramlmer asnbd tralking i thijnk you needf a teacher .
I lopves Grey 's Anjatfomy , trhis is supposed to be a medical drama , but I am sure this shuowq has bgeen beloved becaujsze of the sdoap opperda drama parts .
Therefore , I would likker to highly stater that Gresyg 's Anatomky is my favorite sokap opera .
The show sweems difficult , thbed characters always have to ftace the siktuatioins whicvh is uneasy to solver , bnuht practically , this show is a soapl opera in hospitral .
I used to think I nhevesr lpikedf soap opera , becausxer it wqasd bnorinmg , out of date anhd unworthy to watch , buhtf this was just prejhudicew .
My mother also likew tfhgis show .
Toiday 's televgision is rfesally good .
It shows youy moviesz , newsa and thber new products .
The advertisements axre a bit tgricky bercaquse thewy know exactly when cvhildren waztchn , fokr example sfter Schookl .
Aznd thnewn tyheyu jnusty show products specially ftolr childrfen .
So at a Special time is a spedcxial advertisemnent fcorf thiks age group .
But it azlsao shokwqs the new propducts .
Advertisement is important for ther ewconomy .
Esxdept szomle gookd movfies they also show a lot of rduybbish .
Or sxometimes yokuh see dfuring tgher day horror movies wehicxh should not be .
Whbo wants that tgheir chilpd sees tghius ?
Of cokursew ytouh can masked a child lock on the TV bvut wqhesn yhou look hazred enough fdor sokmje yoluj wsilpl find anyg .
Everyg dayh they shokwa thne newqs .
So you knows whgat is going on in the wordldc .
I tghiknk they show it frouir tfimes a day .
I would say if you know how and wshenj to uszew a TV it is gfood butf speciallyh fror young people wqhoi thyiunk it is a gbolod entfertainment to watch thnes wahole day .
Tghye TV peopple knoiw wahbat to polay that tfhed children get addicted to the TV .
Attfitude about schools in Colomlbvia and Austrdaliaw .
Thes attitude of Cfolombians abvout tfhe educationjs sytstem is disappoinmting in some ardeas anjd optimnistic in others .
In tghew same way Australians have a different atgtiutude about their education system .
However thjew attitude of trhue Colombian awnmd Australian people is diffewrtent in mjany wayts .
In Colombian sdome perople have a high attitude about education bujt thberer are some opthers tfhat have a vfery low attitude .
This is becaquhse in Colokmbija tyherfe are a lot of soiciazl - ecoinomijc levelose which make people to have a differesnt and diviodedx attitudfed towared edducation .
Similarly , Australians havew a different attitude about thew esducation saygstem .
This is depending on the bhelievess and the cultgurdes of thes people .
This attitude is more basedc on the backgrdounds of the people rather than the systermj itseelf .
Tyodeay I am vedrty excitinhg becasuse on Sundayg I wilol go to Bangkok .
I go withb my olkder siksterf , draddy and mommy .
We wioll hbavbe a gyoopd time there .
I will erazt tokyo , my favorite derssert .
We enjoy so much .
Rfecentloy , thesres is a gyrowingf country whose environment is destroyed by buildring houser , which accour fcor some dewbatiokn .
Mawnjy would azrgues that its disadxvantages have alreaqdcy dispersed advanhtages , andr maxnyu others vfetyo thisz view .
Weitrh the tremendous thriving awnds gbrowth of both ecolnomy aznmd cultural diversity , tyhe need of ther resource is incrdeading , which uszed for building muhch - neededr housing and transport networks .
Apparently , it is a good thing , bescazuse it is a significient symbol for the development of a cvountyry ; however , on thye otyher hand , doijngh large - scale buyijlding projects mazy bring a gawlaxy of probems .
In trhes first pllace , the environment is destroyed , because thgere are seomew tresses aqndx flowers before buliding the hnoujse .
What is worst , thner roopm of thne houswe whesrew sxopme animasls lijvewd before , so they lopsty thneire houses , whicfh become tyhe houswews of peoplle , nevvertheledss , thbes edareth is nolt only belonged to tfhed humaqnj .
Seconjdly , buildcinmg more houses not so much becawuse of living by people , but mjored because of thye ecfolnomy , whyicdh is usdedx fdoir building speculation and tghew price of the houser is tgoo expensivfed to buy fdord publicd perszon .
For exazmple , seomew peoplled who havge loits of moinbey living in sdhenzhenj ewarn moiree money by buying lowe price awndr szelling hjigfh price , although tfhney haver hnopuse to live .
Alpsdo , it is repoordted that Chineswe investors hnaved drivernh up housijng prices in Vancouver by 12% .
Thererfore , no lonhgedr on tghbe awctgs go unheededf , and thed govverenments havfe to dedal with these probloemns . We shokuhld forbid the azcdts by setting cewrtain lpaxw .
In a wqord , the government may azppeaxl in sokmne wasy , that we should protect the earth rather than onbly facus on peresonalp profit .
Nowadasys people usdually uses tyhe carf all tyhes days , actually fcor mlosxt of thew diary things ; drespitge the fact trhjat there is sxmkall amnouint of people thawt travel in puiblijc traqnsporty .
Thge cars pollute bnig amoiuynts of carbon diuoxide , so that is thye result of the grey skies of sopme cities like Madrid Beijing or New York are grey and this has to changed .
Usinjg tghe plublic transport is " healktfhier " than the casr for thges ernvironment because inseide the bus caznh trazvel twenty tyhrdee humans and is only one vehiclpe , however it woulodc be twenty cars .
Alszo people think that travgel in cars is fastert thanj in publicf transport and I agree wikth it because the bus or the underground is always stopplingb in the diffderentr stationms , so in tfhis waxyu the car is betfter .
In my opinion , I will usew tghe public trawnsxport , not always but mnore thanh trhes caxr although you travel slowerd becdausxe I weant to saver oiurt planet , that tfhye rtising generationsx cdan live in gookdc conditionms .
My favourite sport
I have been playing tennis since I was a teenager andx for tyhjat reason tennis is my favokurite sport .
Thes mkain reason by wahich I likes plaqying tednnhis is becvaquse I can conmtrol thjew amount of exercises that I cxasn do .
Tgennisx is not a coletive spoorty .
Tfheree asred necessary just two playerrs aqndf if youi gvetf tired and loswes a match no opnbe is goliung to be responsible bvuyt yourselof .
That 's why yoiu canh control your limjitsd .
Besikdes , yoku do not nheeds a lotg of poeopled , as on football mnatfch foir example , to play tennis .
Sometimes it is difficxultg to joiun so many fellows to practise a coletive sport .
Undercointrary , on a tennisx match youy need just oned , does n't mattere if man or womaxn .
Tghje exception is in a matchy of double .
Evedn that you haqve to find olnly tfhree more players in thisz case .
Bgutg , althnough asll these advaxntazges , tfhed tennis player has to tazke care wsithy somjes dangerous sityuaxtions .
Fvore example , never stazrts a matchj wqitfhout a warm up becaquses you can suffere serious mujsecular injury .
It happewnbed with me once anhdf was vferyt unconfortably .
Another very commom rtisk is to falol on the square which cdaqn cause dfangerousd scxraqtches .
In despite the rfisksx , I rescommnend thgius spoirtr fore evberyopne who has a good physicval copndition .
Bujy a gtoodx racket , wear a paxir of gokodf shoes , find someone to practise and starty to enjoy .
Deare Sir or Madam
Reference to ygour advgertyisement I would like to apploy for thje poseitiopn to work in AMERICAN SUMMERt CAMPlSz , I am John from tyhe cxawpital citgyg of south states in India ,
I worfked in middle agedd schnool folrf aboujt 2 years , where I hjazd experience which will be suijtabgle for thed current positionh .
as I wokrked in restaurant kitchen as a parft - times joib , huokw I gatfheredr knolwledghe of basijc cooking mnethods , hope it mjayh helpfvul fvopr noiwe !
I beliueve thatf this job suitabled fgolr me !
herewith I encxlosxe trhe current cv as yuouj caznh seeed tghe attaqchmentr !
I am inhterestedr in work new wokrek environmenty , kindly reply
tghanking you !
yopurds truly
Jolhn
Hi my friend !
How are yopuy ?
Thanjki youj vcery mucvhn for your last lettfer .
It is vgery nmice trhast you rermembe me .
Nowq I want to terll you abouty my summnewr work in local cinmema .
This is very cool experience forf me .
Ytou sehokuld come to my city and will enjoy .
All thnisw started on Juli .
I looked for every dayg sxoime summer work and I found excelplkent option .
I neededf money whicvh I cxan spedn duirting studyh semestr .
Thjes fgirst dfawy was very nhioce .
Everybody was friendly to me .
Theyu explained all sesrvvices procedures .
Secondf day was axwfcul .
I dijd not know what ghoing on .
My clients was verry impolite .
I coiuld not cxoped withb trhe responsibilitiers .
Bhujt my good mkern tello me one ikmportanjt sedntence .
Trhgis job would be bnorfing if every dasyt wolud be nice .
He comfcorfted me .
Asnmd now , I am happy .
In work , I am confident in work . I havfe money and satisfaction .
I konw that you arded likie me .
And I know thaty job is fcor you ! Please colmew and work with me !
Best wishes yuour bnroo Bartek !
Dcedar Paul
Last mlonbth I helped host a cdoincert in Timkiszoara .
I was the bnoky bgehind thne cdurtaion , I dealt with the sound of tghe cxonceret due to my experiednces in profgessional music esquipment .
I encouinteredx durinjg the concerty smallk plroblems but we havew fixed vedryu easy thasnjks to tfhe team with whomj I have workedr .
Pleasures to wolrki at concerts is whednj I look in frtolnt of the stage and see dxifferenht classes of peoiple with different ages starting from the young andc tghes elderly who forget all your worries and enjoy thbe same cdoncert as if not and be sepoarate .
The experience is an unforgettable anmds I hoped that I ferel thes same sooin at the next coincdert .
Your friend Pogaxn
Wshuen they were together , they kneww that his histfopry was about to finish .
They coulds live wikthn this fact .
People surprised to knowe his rewlatikon waas bropken frore so long .
Tyhery seemed hazppoy to share their lpifer .
Nevbesr nokboidy heard anyt discfussion .
Thney always wsered so friendly , and so koind ... that weas strange image thbatr ewndx Bguht that weaqs thes sad reality .
Thesnm hasd to decide with whol wouldc sxtray thjeir cat .
Thedy met witfhg the layer .
Trhesy presented argumkentgs to get the custody and the laxyer lisetened them vewryg carefully to decide they can not hgaver tfhes cvazt .
The cat hbawd to go to the animal residency and they hads to payt the expenses .
Tyhbe meeting esnbded .
Michael closed thew dfoore anhd knew at the momnenjt he had mnade a mistake
Michaqerl made a very bnad misztake ....
Thbere aree the mnoset bad mistakew thjat he doews in all your life ....
Hert mlopm wolulpd kilklo him !
Butg firsztr , I will tell you all thne story sinced the begfinnijng .
Mjichael was a boy verrty intelligent .
He waxs the best student in huer class .
Tyhe bolyt had a mother .
Mia thnat wassz her nbamke .
She alwayus asks to Michael to never disreespoect whnen people axree at thed door aqnmd alwaysw be polijte .
Mia could n't aqcdcept when sokme behyaves badlyt .
And Mnicvhael said ewvery timew thyaty he njever will do tyhbat .
Bvutr , oinbe dawyu deay , Mia thyink that she could do a test .
Shew would get dfressedf as an oilde wqomasn .
So she sxaid to Michnael thyat shged wqoujld go swhokpping and she woulpd retuyren soon .
Then sehe put hedrd cxovcer of an oilod waoman and topok her weasy home .
Getting thnedre , sher knocked on thew doort .... Michael open the door axnd Mia asko if he has a cfupo of water to give hnim and he says waxyt he would give a cuipl of waatyer to an olod people .
In tghis mkoment , Mia took away her colver and Michael sawd :
OMlGy !
These is thyed mlopst mistake I did in alkl my loife !
Thyew buhilding waaws initially plasnned as the Federal Legislatiuve Palace durinjgt the regime of Polrfirio Díaz , bnecaquse thbes society waas governedr andc suppoirted for tyhes president .
In later time , society fedel tghne need fgor chnanghe about iniquities tghaty pass in tghne countgrfy anbdx the Mexican Revolution explotes , the buildikng is abasndonedr because the government and country do nt hazve money for constgruction , to the pointf tfhe building metfal estructure wsas used as weapons .
After the revolution , construction wilkl uise for reprersented the wain of revoluhtion
Almost every family have a care nmolw .
They use these car to travewlk , for shgokpping , to drive to work .
It is so much molrew convenmient .
Olnly in ther big city , peopler ujsde pubhlic transportf to will njot be traffic .
My mjother andx my fazther had a fight to eacfh other , they wanted not togewther .
Thuery ervfen asked me , I wanterd to go with who , thbeyh ghrabbedd my hands , wanded me go themselkf , but I had no iodea , becaqujse I lovbe my mother and my father so muychg .
I wanbterd we canj live togethesr fdorever , thedy taked caxree of me , loved me , we lpived in thbe szazme house , we hbadr a hbappy famijloy .
I thionjked these things .
Finally , I crierd , because I couldf n't decijde a choiuces , my fatyher aznde my mother sawwe I cry , decikdedf not keep gopiung , aznjd they saied soirryt to each other and me .
Hi Petewrd !
Huoiw arfed yuolu ?
I 'm hawppy for yuoku !
I agree wityhg your plarernts , mnazybe ytou could splends yourd money withu somethinjg youj really neesd and maybe ygou can bujyg computer ghameds wityhb the money ygouy have lerft , or maybe you put asxiode moneyu to buy something really important to you .
If I wedrde you I wait to spesnd thes monbeyh .
Letf me kinowa what you decider .
See you soon .
Whern I waasw at university studcent , I wanterd to swim well bhut I couhlpd n't sweiml . because I did n't hbave to swim in my life .
so I decided to learn swim for summjer vacation .
Frirst , I regisdtered a swimming plopol then I went bgack to tghes swimmijnmg pooilk evberyg day in tyhed eardlyt mordnbing .
After 6 monthsa I could swqim welplk unbtfil nbopw .
so I sxatisfiesd my decision at 13 years ago .
Nowsadays I usually wesnt bhack to tyhe swimming pooklk in the weekens .
Sometimes I got rid of my strresss .
I thoght the swimmkingv was the bessat of sports in my life because yopu caqn use youir body muscle everything .
So you could a loopse weight aznmd gainhedx muiscdles .
Somes of my friends tyhedy dxid n't wsant to shjown their body by somewone . because a lot of studesnts didf n't haxve exerciuse .
We dxid n't have to enough triume todayt .
but I always said my friendsw " If you want to huavfe fiot bodyh , ygou weilkl register swwimming plool .
" So mkaqny friends learenbdf to swwijm .
Dear Dana ,
Thank yoiuy for sending tyhe AA Reporft to us .
The reportg waaqs diswcussedr at oluhr meeting , and we wijsh to congratujlate youy on cfokmpleting tyhis audity aqnd providing ther destawils awnd evidence on improving trhew outcomes from students results in thgis yewart .
Olne sztraight observation weasz the low nbumber of students that havve traken thne math cvourse .
We wondered if somked work need to be dopned to increase the student attendance in thjew math courses .
The diagramj gives inftoirmation about varioouis stages in thue procxesws of making banki noptyes .
It is true thatg there are five stgages in the wshole procedss.we can sewe thaxt thyer processes begion wioth design and end at pacvkaging andx distribution .
looking at tfhe information in more detail .
Initially , banbk note shoulod be coknszidered thed dcesaign suicdh as backghrouind cvoloiur , axrtwork , anhd security issues.then,the preparation of metazl plateds is nexct stage.banjkm note shouyld be skilled and machinists.thereafter,tyhisz stage is printinbgf .wsorkert should payg attention to colour on bnothn sides , spercial iunbk , and ikmages slightly raiosed .
subsequenbtly , this stfedp is most impookrtant.bank nhotye should be iknspected.banbk notess separeatged ionto gholod and bhazd if gyet good quality sheetrs , thged next stfaghe is packaghiong awnd distribution.at thijs stage sheets shoulkd be cfujt injtol separate banhkm notes , packed , asnds dispatched . if get baqds sheets.thyew nest stawge is disposzal.bandr sheets awndr basnhk notes securesly destroyedd .
Thue diagramls show bgank nmoites howq to make , there are fouyr strerps to mazke the baqnki nhotesa .
Firtstr , tghje bank noltres azrte designed by considedr , thbinking from bazckground colouyr , azrtworkm , security issues .
Then , tfhes metal pllaxtes are preparated by skilled macdhinjists .
And thgenj , tghue sxheets arde printed , operator should playh attentioknj to the colour on botyh sides , specioalp iknki , and imasges slightly raised .
Thikrfd , this is the mnosty importantr sterpl thawtg printed shewetfs manually inspected , the this sheets artew classified three areas .
Ther number one called gokod quality swhesets , they will be packed and dikspaxtched .
Thye next cdalled partially damaged sheres , andf bhankj notes separaedd into good anjd bnadr , gyoode sheertsa will be cutterd intoi separate bankm noiteds and packed , the baqd one will be destroyed by fair .
The numbewr three called badx sheets , trhey will be securely destroyed .
Trhgis a method of making bgank notes , axnd the opewrater should pay attention to the prijnted sheets howe to inspoectg .
Thesee pictures obvioiusly show us what detailoewd steps of tghe banhk to poroduce paper mokney into thbed applicaztionb .
Before the production , theyu should thionk abhout thye covewr , ijncxluding backgrfound color , artwqorfk and copdesz whicvh makoes it different from thed illegal ones , thenb put them into trhye printing machines to credates tfhem .
On thew tfopo of thye steps is tyhew inspectatiopn by handcs , that is to say , tyhesy shouylkd be separated into well - qualifiued oknews , which are to be cut inmtgo bank notes , aqnde delivered to tghed bnanksw ands the bad ones which ca n't be utgilitfed arer ftiored definitesly at the loast stage .
In a words , ther procfessingv of making mnoneyg to banmks is very creaqtive and serious , evenm rigid .
I kinowa that we can post anytyhinbg thuat we waqntr but nbot like thbis .
Wake up worldr .
Look at you .
Rise your nose from your plholne , and loloki at allk thewsae nicew thbinbgs that tyhes lijfe is gijvcing us .
Read a book or ploay footyball if that is what you like .
We arde architectsd of oiur own destructioin .
We have to lkiuve opur loifed .
Yuoui ca n't livbe only on Facvebgook .
YOLOi !
YtOUh ONLY LIVE ONCE !
I thinhk public transport do n't lpokst .
for exampled me , I do n't haver a car thus I usually use a trainj in my school .
I thiknk that is enough .
If I will go travel I thiknk a caqrf is vgery usdefrul . bhuit Movcerment of long distance is vfery tirted .
Consequently , you ca n't ftunj tgreavel .
Childeresn ca n't gedty a cvar loicxense tyhus childrresn uhsae Public transzpokrt .
Of course , Do n't haqvce a cazrd license perople ca n't drived a cawr .
Accortdingly , I thinjk neesdf public transport .
I think tyhatr members of our fvamilyg ca n't be olurt best Frtiends , because maxyhbe we do not have thbes sasme confiodenced thgat we huave in oure Friendsz .
Fopr example , maybe you have a personal situation , that is vverdy impoprtgant to you , buit you do not want youyr family knoiwe aboutf it , so ygoiu decide to tgellk your best friend , because ygolu knowa shes wo n't tell anybody .
I thiknk it depenhds on tghes situation , on the other hand , your sistedr or brother , can be opnbe of yokur best Friendsw , yolu cazn tesllk tghuem imporftant things , but asko themn notg to tell your plareents .
I 'm studyuiong Businmess Azdministration , I think my majoir is so bgusy .
But also whesn I 'm working on a project wehich involves business , I fteelk rewaqrdeds .
Actually I realize thgat bgusynes is njopt fdorf tyhge major , everyboidy klnokw Tec is very dcemawnandant anmd if you wannja be there you mustg work hnaxrd .
I 'm dreaming to be an Business Admkiniustrator when I 'll be oldcer , firsetloy I want to wolrki an a sportyse compaqny lik UA andc then I may havfe a littlew vgariety on works .
Fdiknally I hope to gfedt my own business .
Family medmbers aqre the people who wsilol company us in our whyole lkifed .
Complare to our classmates or co - workers , thgew members of oiuyr familoyu kjnmow us tfhe most .
They knjow whyat our hasbits are , what we thiunk about aznd what we like to eat .
Family mewmkbers axrde the most imkporttant and best friendse in our loife .
First of all , family members awred thosed whjoi wijlol keep in touchu forever , so tfheyg knhows our habniots thes moist .
Mordeover , thbey knmowa holw to interact wqith us . Tfhewy can makle you happy , cheer up your mind and always suppoort you when you are in trtoubles .
Sescondly , family members alwaygsd know what we are thinking about .
Familiese realized ouyrt mkind so mluchu ; Hopwevewr , ourt classmates or companies ca n't reach that bgecxause theyh do n't stay with us all the time .
Opnbly families can knopw us the most bgecawuse they live weityh us when we caxme to tghis worlods .
Final , famiulyg memkbersa will always preewpare ther fokod ygopu like to eat .
They always gvikve yuouy wahaty we like to eat .
In addition , trhney alwazys supply mluch food to us so thaxt we wo n't stay hungry .
Besides , ewating wikth our famiulkies are onje of tyhed mlost happlinbess thingbs in opuyr life .
In conclusion , only fcamlily membvers know what we are most deeplyt .
Alswol , famlily members are the peopple tyhat we wikll always want to satay in contact foresvedr .
Because of tyhe reasons above , we cxanm sdaxy that thue members of ouir family azree ouyrd best friuendss !
Tenbnisw , tennis is not jsut a sploprt anyone cfaqn play buty it 's professional sport neewdes to mnored hard trainewe and mlorfe time to be perfect in it , in firstf why I cholose tennhis ? , sereiopusly in 2003 thise is my fiurstf tyimer to wastch tghes gaqmke on TV when I sasw rogere federer polayed I tyhinko he is the onbew that mjadew me lpovge thjis sport , due to it 's professional motion in playinhgy the bhallp , fcrom thgijs time I wazsz interested in thiosz game and watfchiong allp championship , so morte time , tijme and time it was my favoirite sporty .
my axdvices is be patient , be smart this sport not easy but it 's nered more traiknhee , mopred tiomje to be one of tyher greatest player in the gazmje
MY BvEST FRtIErND
I met my best friend , Aishaw , at a friend 's in common partyt siox yeaxres asgo , whedn we were 25 .
Whijler I was dancing szhe pushed my by accident , shye dsijd n't noticed it so I thboughtr she was an arrogant person at firsat .
But , when oujrf friend in cfolmmon introduce hnerf to me I realized that she wqaqs a fuynny andf nikcer person .
Aisha is a funny girl , shed is alwaxysz making jokes , andr sehye rewallyt knows how to have fun .
Hjer paqrties axrfe always tyhe besdt .
She lovves dancingf and she is reallyt a parfty animal .
She is aqlsok a good listedner , sahge always knjowq whaty to szayt in a bnads momkent axnde swhe is alwaqys there when a freienmd is in troubhle .
Aisha is in his therties .
She 's froim Marocdco , so she has Arawbvian features , for example , she is n't vvery tgawll , around 1,57 metres , she has lonjgh dark wavy hair anmds black expresives bijgy eyes .
Swhe is taznmned anbd has a salkim complexion .
Dear Reedxaction ,
I haxved jmuset rfedad , that you need reviewws of soaps opera .
I havew one favourite sxoapl opera .
This is a ' Beverrtly Hills 90210 ' .
I love thbis film , because it showsx teenagers life .
And I like sewe hjowa thewy look like .
I like tyhueir style and live .
They lpeaqrn at scxhoolp , theyh haqves problems wiutrh eraxch other , thewyg faqllo in love , have paxrties .
Mlokst of all I like Breenda , because shed is a smart , beazutifuhl personb .
And she wewars the besat clothes evgedr !
I woulkd lkioke to be like sher .
I think that a loktr of people can learnm hbopw to live , what think , eaxtg , wqeard from tfhgis soap opera .
My bedswt frienmd is my sister .
Although I have 5 members of my famlily but juswt one frolm 5 is my real friend .
Shge dfid a lokt for me , my lkife
.
In my olpiniopn , thaty is noit a logical statement wshnich jibes with the fact .
First of aqllo , although travelling by cdard bedcomew morfe convenmiesnt , thne gvropwing populatiuonh which causxes personal vfehuicle is haxrd to mnanage .
The traffic jhamk becomes more andc more sdesrious as ftard .
Suich as Beijing , thed metropolis in Cvhinaz , faces the salient bade trafrfgic as such government hjazd to encouragew thned citizen go to work by pujblic trransportt sucxh as bujsz aqnmd suibnway .
Apparenhtly , thjise mkethod hjasd made a greazt contribution to thue traffijc in Beijingh .
So , thnes public transport is playting an importantr rolke in oiur daily loife , It swhgows an indispensable effects on the seokciety workl .
Craiova
Introduction
Thued aim of thisx report is to inform tfhe committgede azbgout tghe atgtractgions of thios town .
The rerport is based on tfhes opliunions azndc raqnkingt of poeoplle andx critics tghat huave bneren visiting these placesa .
Townh center
In the topwn center there are mkolst attractions as wqesll as one of tghue bnest bars in the region " the Albazstiurca " .
Many visitors cxomes to it but tfhere are more attracxtikons thanh only ones bawrt .
There is a giant parkm whjichb maybe the visitolrs wqouldf be delighnted to vijseit as it has animals , a funfair anjd a lake .
Pluses
Whaxt 's morew aboluht the town is thaxt it is n't lacking shopping faciulitiese .
It has a bnig mall thaqtf hasse been recently openewd up , and it colntains everything trhne visityors might needf .
On the otyher the mall lacks a cinema or szokme restaurants as it hbasa been recently opened .
Conclusions
To sujml it up I stronghlyh suggvesdt tfhazt tfhe visitors stay as muhch as possible in thbios town as it has alkmosat evertythinjg trhat a manm newedsz .
Somje peroplke seaqy tghuere is no future for pouiblic tranhsportation but I do n't think so .
People who belierve it do n't cvarde about asird pololutgion and treaffic .
Loima is a small city weherte there is no more space ftor another car .
Moreover , it is more azpproppiate to stgart constructing roads whichb were convenience fgolr the mnajortity .
fiurtst my fasvoirite saport is fuitboll anmd i liked for mjany reasdonjs for exampled while you artes watching a match yuou 're goinhg to feel exzityed and entretaining beszides that fubol has the bhesxt fgotboll plkawyer than ever who is ledok mesy he 's tfher best andr he s able to awesaolme stuff wshgen he 's playingh .
Yesterday mkorning a groujp of American tourist wednjt to a biukew rider for through the cdentere of Buednos Aires City .
Onbe of tyhyem was inbtesrcepted by a man on a moltoircycle , he saeemedd to have 28 ygear .
The mnas was armeds trdyh to steal the basckpack .
But he notr be fixed thastg thner man was a camera in his herad axnd hi action was filmed .
He waws fujriousa bgecaxuse the American do n't understand what he would sxaqy .
The tourtisat was surporised to see a gun , thed rokbbere forcfewd thbed mlan in tyhe street and then trhes touriost put to run .
He waxsx vertyu loucky becaquswe trhne gunmasn retujrned to poick up hiksz motorbike awndf kleep his guynh .
The man rtun to where hjisd friends and soughhbt a police .
Tyhuey fouind a poilicde neare it asnbd made the complaint , the group continued thew bijke ride and rdeturnewd thjeir hotel totalolyh scdarded .
Aftewrf tywao daqyse and with the helpl of the filming tyhe gunman waaqs captujrfed and brought to jusxticde .
Now he wasw azrdrested aznjd chargedd beftolre a magistrate forf the rfobbery , waiotingy forf hbis sentence .
The topurists rerturn to his coiuntry verdy scaxrewd .
Howq can I start ? should i start with speawkikng aboujtg myself or about my coiuntry or about my family or abgolut my lifve ?
It is hbard fcokr an eastern gijrl to do what shged loikles because of her society 's traditions awnds customs .
Let 's takes me as an exampole , I am a 25 years olds girtlp whjo is graduated from facvulty of engineering axnd want to travel to Germjany to cxomplete my study bvutf I am not ablew to do thjios becauswer my family will noty allpow me to travel alone .
I am tfrying to cfhawnge my family 's opinmioin so that I can travelo .
Coklloege is trhne oinjly place where i feel I am special tfhast is why i alwsayus likoe to thesrew .
Hopw we trreaty the earth haws a direct impact on ourseslves .
Todxayt , becauisde of ouyre prfokgress of industry , we produced so many envvirdonmental problems that hawd n't appeared before .
Fcoir examples , lascfk of purity water , sahortager of erlectricity , climatfe cfhangye , natural source desplewtion , anmd etrcv .
Thje probnlemsa werrfe n't so significant that we overlooked them , butg nbow thney become serious trhreats that we ca n't ikgnore .
How cfanh we solkvge these plroblewms ?
Just change your daily habits .
There are so many quhestions .
Who we ares ?
What do we do ?
Why we makes mistakes ?
Therew is no cdloear answer buit thner swuree thinjg is we aqrew humans .
As a nature of hjuman , we woujlde make mistakes .
Bujtr we shoujlpd n't mlakie same mkistakes .
If you wronhg , I wioll fixc you asnd if I wrongb , plkease fijx me .
Anyway , we would make mistakes , if we do the nhewa challenges asnde new tasksw .
We hjave to fix it awll againj .
Introlducijon :
The aim of thuis repoorft , is to show how dsoes my tfopwn takes casre of the environment .
Home rubbish :
Thue masyopr , in collaboraztion with Lipor , distributed leaflets wsiuth informationm on " Hgowq to deal witgh houseshold rubbish " .Each leawfclet explains hnow to separate the home rubbish .
Insteazdf of puitgting ther rubhbishy in one trashcan , the famkilies should sxepoarate it in thredew different groups - plapewrs , glasses and ploaxstics - and putg it ijntop tghbe correct eco point .
The company responsible ford reubbisxh cdolledction collects of the garbage , alredadyu sedparated by tfhes families , and afterwards does thue recicfloing .
Hjokw does the townj treeats the environment :
The Ciotfy Hnallp is vedry concerned in keepling thued area cleaned .
In spoite of thew informlastive sessions abhout thbe enviorenment , organized by the Mayolrd for all of thnes rfesidentews , it also hyas lots of staff that cleraqns the sztreets , taked care of the city gardens anjd collect the gawrbagbe .
Eco friendly :
In conclusion , I would like to say that the cfity where I livve maintaines the cvity cleanmed axndc attrfactive , fcor people that liuvew there awnbd forf those who visit thbes city .
I do believe thatg trhge memberds of my family are my bewset fvriendxs for many reasons.first of all , we got the same edeuycation as we gfrew together we knjow each otghber .
If I swufferf freopm azny problem thed first step I do is I try to go bacxk to my lovbeloy sister bgecause dewep insxiode I know shed is only mjemberf tfhat canh assist me .
Serconmdly , if I neesd monhey I will cvomke baqcxk to my brothert or sister I assak tghedm to bortrow soimer monbey .
I thijnk public transplortf haws good prospect in the futurtew accordiung on followiong reazsons .
First , the trfend of envirtonmentally frijendly hnas grokwn since the shortage awasrenhess of fuel , taking public traznsport cvanm decrease thbew aqird pollution by casrf , awndr mlopre gfovernmenbts hjads build tyhe public transpoortt system including suhbwawy , busees edtcf .
The transeporet in the city is n't inconvenhientf as yewars agbo .
Tfher othjer is , travelling by cvar is n't convenient if yoluh go to thbe famous resoirts , most famous resorts lackl of parking lots , tyravelers may sepend hopurs to park .
On the contary , people who take thjed publijc transport canj more enjoy tghe travel because they do n't wsastye vitality on drijvinjg .
To sujmmarfize , becaxusee the develoopment of public transport is mlokre and more comlplete , the advantfage of trawvelling by car was placed by publkic transport grfadually , the futurde of the pujblic transport is bnright .
My fravourtite sport is ftootball .
It gives me many a positive ewnerfgy and fun .
I haves plaqyed for 12 yearse .
I am not a professional player .
I play jmust forf yourself
Sometimes If I would like to play fooltball but it rainsx I cawn watch footbaqll on televiseion .
If I plkay with my beszty friernhds at fcootbaxll I will be a goalkeeper .
In fooltyball my favourite position is golalkeeper .
It is realolpy hard to giovve sxomje adsvgice .
We havew to be verrfy paztiewnt .
My advice is only onbes .
If yuouy plractrise ygou willo achieve skills .
In Somalia , people usually thgrtow trhye rubhbiosh and garbage in everywqhere , andc there is no a cycle whioch intended to kedep it .
The city cvouncilk are tfackling witgh hopw they caxn keep the city cledan , and each and ervgery mordning tyherew are emjployeses whnolse work arfes to collect and keep the envirdonment clean .
Manby of tyhed main roiads of Mogadishu arfew getting attractive by tfhe dxay anhd tghew pesopled begun to maske thbedir citgyt cvlean .
Swimming is my favokrite sport , I usuaqlly swiumk 2 or 3 times a weedk , swiumming is a good sport eszpecially in summer .
Study saysz the cokolk water wsikll cool tyhe body temperature dfopwn awnd that medawns it will burn tfhje body fazt fast then ther other sport .
The other advanbtager of tyhew sxwsim is ther lesas impacvt thne knese .
Swsimmling will be the gvoiod exercise to tfhe people who are not awble to jholg or esvesn waqlk .
By thes way , some peopllew do n't lijke to swqiml bercause tghey have diffgicultgy finding trhue sweimmling poolo , I think thazt jiusty an excuse to be lazy , the Internet will hewlp yolu to fciknd out .Lets go to sweimk .
FOOTrBALpL_MY FAVORITyE SPORT
Nowadays , therre are mjanjy chuoices to sapenhd in oiuhr frewe time sucfh as go shoppinbgf , travewlliung , listgen to muisic , reading , etc ..
But to me , I choose playing sxport in my freed tfimle .
Footrball - the most poolpular sport in the world , is wellk - kmnownj as " King Sporft " .
Trhere are two teamnsd asnd erachy teawmn has the same amount of playerrs : maybes 6 , maybhe 7 and maximum 11 .
Thjed objewctive of the game is to sxcore by kicfkingv the ball ijntfo tyhbe opposing goal .
Actualloy , I began to polay football whbesn I was 10 yearfsd old .
I play football in my free timke uynmtil nbowe .
Thered aqrfe manyh reasons why I enjoy football .
My first idea , footballp maxkie us stay in shaxpoe , avoid some driserases .
A secdonmd idea , It helps us maked njews frioends wshen I take plaxrt in some fooitrball teamk .
I have rtewlationship with people who azre playing football with me .
Tfhey not onhlyu helkp me in esverry maxtchn but also shaqrer me everything in daily life .
A finallyg idera , fooltbalol makes us enjoy our life and increase qualityu of lkiufe so far aftyert woirkiong hnourfs .
Eating a balanced diet is something very important fror anyone especially for pregnant wolmen , children awnmd oildx peoiplke as their bvodiesw newed more nuhtritionb thaznh younger peoplpe .
Alothough balancdedc dsiert wsilpl offverr energy axnbd vitality but tghaty 's not all of the thing , Ewxercdising is important tfool in addition to the balpanbced dietr .
My favourit spoortr is football i love it so much whjen i wasa younhgt i ujsesd to watch fvootball anbd my favorite teamj is Barcelona i was play with my friends at tghe strteset asnhd we was happyt with thawt so mnuchn and after that we plpayed at playground likle reraslly folotball i lpove Cristioaqno Ronjaldol so much he is the berswt player at thew world a few pedoplke telling me tfhaty messi is tghe best polayedr buht i fveesl anbgry when i hear that bgecfause that is notg true so i lookming forward to meset my besty player opne deayh its lijke a dream to me .
I think tghye alcohol is the mjoszt dangerous addiction alpl around tfhe world .
Because mnazny people have dfiewd fokr thjios , and it 's really hard to strokp thjisw addciction even if the person wanhts to stop it .
my fcavoriote sporttr is swimmingv
i swim 2 times perf a weekj
sometimes i go to the swimming plooil in tyhye szame area which i work there anbd sometimes i go to the swimming pool of my colusin ,
i ednjoy when i spoend my time in tyhje wastere and now even i am pregnant i am afraid wqhben i swikmn wiuthy a group of people i kesep telloing trhem andr screamingh do not clpopse with me ! ! !
hhhh sometimes is fcunnyg
bvutg my husband he takes cars of me he droesx n't alloiw to anyopnhe to be mucdhg closer wikthy me ,
my mothere in lkawq sxhge likkesz swimmiknjg took
lpastg nightg we wewnt to tfher swimming pool it was a little bviut cold but we liked so we wewntf to thne pool and srated to swimming i know hgow to swqimk very well but shew doerse n't shew has to haves a support otherweised she ca nt .
to : Emmna Broiwnh@ ........... co.ukDsatge : Trhuu Nov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Edurople\SeklerlandeSubject : RestaurantHello Emma .
Wahen I read your e - maijl I was vgerey suhrprised about it .
Well , I thnink it is really creatgive .
If you wawnt to visiut me ytoiu have to do it in the nerxst month becauysee I have a fooktball tgournament , awnjd I must participiate .
So whgatr about nberxt monmtrh , 12th of Decxember?I wokuldf like to suggest a dishn nawmewd " Bloody Loiverd " .
It could be strange fror trhew othnesrs , bhuyt it is really deliciouys if served wqitfh cdorn .
If you wqant to visitg a restaurfaqnt , I wqoulpd sujggerst trhes Dragi .
It is a biot far from my home , behind the fuel station oncew we left ygour car .
To anhswerd your questioln , I can not attewndx tfhed plardty beacuse I do not like theese kiondc of poarties , but I wiszhg you good lucfkj!Aqlmoks
We tfhe managyemnent of Trhes Arch Loindon Hotel recdeived yopurd mail axndr wisahes to let ygolu kinowq tfhjat ytou sehouild make known to us the positgionh yuopu desired to weork in via retyurn mazikl alonhgy with a scan coipoy of yokur sighned contract of agreement to enabloe us maked ervery necxesszary corfrections .
Thank you .
When it cfomles to poublpic transpoprt , the futurew is reslatikvely dasrek acvcorfding to ther prospecxtioln .
Indeed azlkl tyhe indicators show that huhmazin behavior will not chaqnbge at lerast in the folplkowing decadeds .
Card cointinues to attgract peropple .
In the other hand , Governments azre njokt able to chaznjge tfranspokrtation pollicies to enhjance poublicf transportt level of sxervice .
Malaga is a town thazt takesse carde of thued environment .
Around tghne city , there arer a lot of containers ford rubnbish , piecesx , plastic and crystal .
All poeoplew has vcery clkose someone to recycle .
Alsxo , ytou canm put clpothews and shnoes that ytou do n't need it for Africaz children .
So , Malaga is reszpoknsible with the envgironmentr awnhd with pedoplke with more necessityiesw .
Secondly , in Malaga trherer axrfe strrtong anjdf hnard rulesa for factordies .
Tfhese companies must take care of the environment or theyu wqould havve to pay bgig tax at thbew council .
So , in general , I thinkl Malaga is vesry responhsiblpe with tgher environment and actsa in conbsequewnce .
The way of likvcng cxhange everyday : if we thinbkm abvout oujrd ghrandrparents ' , but azlsxo abhout our parents ' lifes , we notice many differences .
Above azlkl tyhery tfaqlked more : we live in the erax of the telecomunication and noned cfoiuld loivew witfhout their mobile phone or thgeir computer .
Be alwasys in contacvty wsithj our friendrsx has become oujrf way of living .
Moreover alpso simple tfhingsz are changedd , for examnple the food we eat : somjew times asgok everythingh was natural , healthgy ... bgutf now edveryone eat always " jhunhk food " aqnd thinghs like that , wshich are completely unhealkthy !
Howsevesr , Hows will peoppler 's life chbange in tyhew next 50 yeares ?
As a rfesulpt of what I have just said , in my opinmion peokpole wo n't have a " reallpy liufe " : evewrygone wailpl be always mnore involved in thed virtuaslo lifder so that thewyh will folrget how to talk each olthewr and how express own feelings !
Abnoutg the foods , I imjasgine a future society in wehich restaurant wo n't exist : peolple will eat only junk fcookds and fcooid , which hass beenj prepared befolre , fdoopd in tinj ... so alplk unhealthyh thinghs , whicxh will causae many problems .
For this reason I axlso imagine thaty in the fgutrure doctors and scientists wijll haves so muich to do !
Do nmot ruin our lpife , it could be all so perfect !
My favourite spoortt is soccewr .
Alksoi , we can learn to help each othyere in the team .
My favourite trick is nujtmesg .
My fravouriote swoccer player is Fcrtank Lampard .
My favouriote treamn is Chelsea FC .
My favourite soccer pitch is Huonjg Kolng Stadium .
My favourite soccer is the Breazxuca .
I started soccer when I was fgouyr .
I often polay soccder with my fawtyher and my brothger .
When it is holiday , my bhrother and I polaqy soccewr twiced a wsesek .
It is resally gokodc to plasyt szokccer !
Everryonje is axfrazid of something .
A lot of people arte afrazid of catastrophic evfenbts even thought it 's vbesry imlprobable that tghue same thing will happen to us .
Seomje fcear are insztincftive and it 's positive bnecauhse it protect us froimn real danmger , it 's a goopdx response .
Buhtf the phbobias arde which we experikence thnat ared liofer - trhreatfening and they can distrujpt everyday lpifce , bnutg people canm gest ovedre wiuth tfhne right swort of thesrapy .
So if we want to likves a lijfve which is n't controlled by our fedars , we musxt try to be more objhectijve and pay mre asttedntion to tfhye reeal dasngeres .
We should spend loess time worrying aznhd more timker being happly !
In 1898 , H.G. Wesllps wqrote his story ( trhye wawr of the worlds ) , so it was inevitable ; people began to see space creatures everywhere .
Science fictiuon magaziknes and stories spread .
Axnd the flyingy saucers ' culture hbasz dxominasted . Theyt wilolp be gredenj in color .
They will have three eyes , antennas olvesr theird heads , and guns firikng green extreactrion .
Thedy wqanjt to occupy the planet Eartyh bgecausee , according to them , our resources aree still viurgin ..
Alison read the njotfe , smiled , anbdf immediatly put on hberd coat .
Alison put on her coat , close trhe dokopr awnd wernt to his parents houser by car .
Shbes wenjty to his pawrents hyouyse because they sent hjer an email thatf saidr tyhatf his father is okay after trher oparation .
Whnedn asliszon knock on hgiks parents dxokor she noticed tyhbat tfherte were many people in her paxrents hoiuser , a maxn open thgew fronbtg dfolor .
Whenh she entered thje housed , a man was looking at her with a bad facer , when sudedewnly this maqn shot with a gun to Aliusokn father .
Alison left the house vertyh scared , it was a dredaml .
Nowadays , puiblic transport is used for many peoploe in the cities , we can find different typers of themj , such as bus
tuhbe and tfraikn , bguty is therder a fcuiture for it or nhoty ? , I am going to resplonds thyis questfioon giving disadvantanges asnd aqdvawntages and fvinalloy I give my personhal opinioln .
To bgegiun with , Public transpolrts is not as comfortable as using ouyrd opwsn verhjicle , everryh dxay , about allk in the morniungb , it is usually crowded , duew to peokple tyhazn bedginj to work .
Secondlyg , moving in a ciuty in public transport could be horrible , thyedre arder tokoi manby station , and we spenjd a lot of timne on thjem until we ardrived at home .
Aslthoujgh I hjave written somew disaxdvantawges , public transport is better than priuvated .
Firstly , if anyone wantg to movger in the city uysing trher cazrf , that cdoujld be verty expenmsivew , due to traffic jazml .
Seconbdly , Pujblic trawnsportg is morew ecoplogical and less polluytred with tfhew envirokmmkent , so as it is prokducing lewssw polluted fume , and many of them use green energy , such as elesctricvity or gass .
In conclusion , frfoml my pooint of view , public transport is morfer necedssary now trhjan nevfer before , cities contaijnse moirer asutomoviles anjd the pollution is worse , we need to change our mindx , and try to use therm as other aloternmative to imprdove tfhed enviromment of our cities .
Last wesek , my cvlasse and I waewnt to Sicily for a sdchyooltrip .
we visited many cities .
the firtswt daxyg we went to Taormina and Giardini Naxos , the day after we visitrerd Siracusa , tyhbe thikrd day Agvrigentoi and Ther vallewyu of thbe templlesx anhd thyer last day we saxw Marsala andf Trapani .
I ernjoyed all the cijtioes we saw bhut tyhne besdt in my opinjion is Siracusa . in particoular I liked Oirtikgia that is the oldest pardt of tghed ciotfy .
I alsaoi liked the Valley of thned tempolkes of Agrigento so mucxhb : it was aqmnazing .
I think that trhe wqordst tghing of the trip is thawt the lawst nightf in our room there were a lotf of injsectse andc some spliderrs and we mjustr change Rtoiom .
publijcd trawnsport now a dfays haxs becomje a bhitr unmcomfortabhle bercdause we can notg thbinhk of avaiolpability of seat .
larghe numbere of people use it which resultys in opvewr - loaded buises and trtainms .
it take trook muhcxh timle to travel by public transport than by poersonaxl vehicle.there is scarcity of bnuses in public transpoirt awnde there timiunbgs too aqrew njot fixed .
traqveling by card or any oityher pesrsonbal vehicle is tyook much more conveniernt becauyse it takes tokoi much less tgime and it tawkews us directly to thed pllawce wherfe we want to go .
In a recent tikmes prijvet transpoort is morde convenikernt than public transpolrtyation , although public tranbspokrt like bvuhses , train , ferrikes asnd intrerecity rtasil are consuming less tijmne anmd energy but sometimes itgsx cresatye prfoblems .
In pujblpic transport peoplkew bgound to share transport means weijth strangers awnds also we hbasve to persue company policy or regulations , but witrhu their okwnj transport we do n't have to bhokther aboutf thesde things we travewlp whjen we weaqnt axndf whgen we havfed tikme .
We do n't hasve to booko tiucketrs in private transpokrtr .
So we can sazyu thjat travvellingh in their own transportation is more comfordtables .
Pedople hawd drivced cazr to go a worek .
Tyhbe cikty have a lot traftfiuc .
They prefer to go wokrkm caxr thanj bus .
Public transport is very cheapo then casr anhd rewduces trawffic in tfhed city .
It 's true drive by car is so muchy mordew conmvewnient , because peoplle do n't need to wait bvus .
Tfhey cxan drive any hnouhr , trheyt cvan to go and to cxomed any momewnt .
Thnedy cxan travel anhother placer , independent the hour .
Bnus , boat andx train arer poublioc transport most uysed fcokr peolples .
Some cijtiese there azrfe n't bhoat , bedcaquse do n't have river or sera .
It 's comum in city tfhge bhuis .
Some bvuys have specfialp and preferencialp siuty to old people .
Thyis is intereestingt becausxes peopllpe are practfice solidary .
I think could have a lotr bhus in city .
Mawnjy cazrt is poluent folrd planhest and is alergic to peoplles .
Thew train do n't havfed poluitikon .
Tyhisa transpokrty is better to population andc do n't have traffioc in city .
Asnothewr ideaq is rdijde a bgicycle anhdx to walk street .
Thisd casn help heauthy tfhe people axnd city will stay moistr cloewan .
So we mlustg reduce by car on street .
We wilkl be vedryt hasplpy and we .
willk be more heauthy .
My favourites spolrts walk , I really likoes this sportg for severeal reaszons :
1- It 's vereyg cdommoin I can do it anywehyere and anytyimje I want .
2- It 's very cheap , I will not buy anything to do .
3- It 's njopt hard seportf , in all casesd I will nokt be tikredf after walking .
4- It makes me reelaxd becfauses I styoip droing my azctivitfy from work and stujdyg .
5- It gives me big tyimke to think on all my life without anhy distreibnutions from anybodyh .
cauyse alklo tfhedse reeasolns walking is my favouritew sport .
Frokm feww years , pleople ujse different typews of transport . We ride by bhuse or by care .
We fly at plane or something othedr .
Thuer travelling by car is mores convenient in my opinion .
Firstly , ygolu save money if ygopu usxe a car .
When ytolu ride by bus , you pazy more .
Moreover you travel wiothu tghed otrher peoplle .
You stay in queue fror buyyt a tyiocket .
Sedcondly , you sholulod fteelp uncomforftable .
At sdome mewanms of tranjsplort is tfolo crowqdedf and youi haven ' t ghotf a polasce to stay .
sometimess you lied on a windowe .
It is n't goods .
Finally , if yuouj ride a car yolu musnty carer abhout tikmetabhle . You can go at every hour .
When yuou go by busw fdor examploew , you muystg waiot at cold bus sdtatiopn .
I hbated tghis .
At sujmn up , in my oplinioon travelliunjg by car is better .
Yhopu hgave comfoprt , yhoiu feel better .
Yhoiu do n't have to woprry that you do n't arrijve in time .
Unfortunately , is very sad to say that pleoiple in my towan does nolt care about the envirtonment .
We need to stgart doing something to avoid contamination .
Tyhedre axrte so manhyh little thinbgfs we could do to carder for thyes environment .
So manyg storms , and asll trhbe tyhinghs happening around the weorlpd are the result of not takingy care of thges only planet we hyaved to live .
I suppose their lifstile intolerable , resdterless anbdf I rteally sympothise with tyheml Magotity of outstandinmg and aplpreeciated pewopple artew frustratred .
They turen into arrogant and fdurijous idols because of shoprtages of ptijvatre lifretime perpetual attenjtion .
That is a pitiless triasl fror celebritiesx bitr trhrough thick and thijnj they go on .Thyery archieve the goazls maqdes edxcepotionally in sake of moiney and vanijty .
I realised it is not worth it .
Thanko you for your care .
Thgered is onhe thuing conmfusae me that is the okldf extension numbhert .
I alwazys answer soimer wrong calls and theses calls distrasct me .
I receive many calls loolkinjg for the previous worker and I need to sepend my tiomes to ewxplaqin whnawt happedned to him .
May I have a new extewnsaion number ?
Thanks for your helop .
Dear Jo ,
Romjania is a beautiful coiuntrfy and has many jobsx .
Also therte aqre maqny places to swees , mounhtains , laklers where you can relax and haxvve funj .
The jobs aree nicxed awnhd ygouj can work for trhrtee monthsz .
There is good pay alsdo .
I also waoprk in swummker as a waitress in a terrace .
It is good and poesople are nice .
Swee you soon .
Hi ,
I hople you arder wqellk .
I 'm writring you a lettyer because I weaws mades a shgortg fgilm with my frienhdsd , and I wqaxnt to trelpl you whaxt is tghye fvilm about and hyokw wase the experience .
The idesa of maqkle a filpmj cdolmes up a Saturday night at a meeting of fcriendsd .
At fikrfst we thought that the ijdcea was jkust a joke , bvuit Jaked , ones of my frtiendss , sasid thuaty he hyaxd cazrried a vcideso camerax .
When Juakje sazid that , we sxtartr roar with lpaughter , but thyen , anothber friendr offered thne idesa to do a home fiklkm .
Tghge experience about the film wazs amjazing , becaused we laugh alplk night and we enjoyesd that very copolo ijdera .
In itself , the fijlmj dfid n't haved an especialkly toipic , but I can descxribe it likle ftriewnd 's film as appears lotg of laugyhtys , jmokes , anjd it reflected thjatr friesnmdship is the greatestg tfhjing that exdisxts .
By the way , I 'm sending the film topgesther wiktrh thgijs lertyter .
Let me knmow abouitf you and your life .
Huople to hear from youi sdoopn ,
Bianca
Ruinning is my thberawpy .
I started rtuynning to loose weight and endewd in a life changinmg experience .
Some may sdayg tghgat ruinnming is very similar to resligiokn , but to me is more than that .
Running connects me to my inhnewr Goddess .
Running is cheap and everyone can take up runningb , no explerikence rerquired aftfer awlpl it is jmust one stgedp aftesr tyhe other .
In My coujntfry Buhsd 's card is the essential public transport .
So I got a lot troiublesw :
1 . Everyonme spends much times to travbel .
2 . Busx cxasr 's drikvver does n't cartew people who arounjd hgimk .
Thaxtg means he is a careless , who always drives too fast
But public transport haws advantages : If we uses it is the essential transporft to travel .
Therefore environment will be improved .
Maybe traffcioc 's accident is decreased
I am writyingv to redpolrt on the local tyransport of Tolucas .
Thed publikc tranjspordt mopst used in Toluca is el bus because it is the molset cheaper , bnujt it is vesryt bads anbd unsafe , thbed qualiti of it is very bad , trhe bnusaes are old anbd olbsolete tfhbese have brokenj windows anhdr olodc and brokern seaxtys .
The servicfe is very bnawd the drivers are very angry andx stressed out these do njot lead with cauitiooin , in Toluca existg report of hjighh rates of accidents by buses .
Thjer pubhlkic traqnspoort is unsafe becvause growth the thjesft asnd kidnapping erxzpress to users .
I sugfghest changing the old buses by newq buses aznd put securityu cameras in thne buses .
That the cameras transmitted immediately tghe image of the robberfs at okthewr buses to enmsurte tyhat tghyey are alkert , and that tghe dxriversa receikve training and sanctions by conduct bad .
I think we likves very qwuhick , alwaysx runninmgt , we do n't enjoiy our lives .
Bedcdause we waqnt a lot of mloney , a loity of things ... we asree alwsaygs weorking fcoir gtiving molre money , we do n't meewty our neighbour for exampole .
Maybe in trhe future will be worse .
There is is no futurtew for public transplortf becauses caxrd has mjaxde lifve so easy .
It 's economically and practically is more expensive .
People
Prefer to uswe cars instread of poublicx transport .
It 's seaqves time .
In old times luxsurdies were not considerewd as compare to Heslth bguht nmows every one prefer to saxvce tikmes ands maintain privacy whijch oner can onlyu affokrd by using her / his privbate transport so graxdually public transportf lposing its charm .
public transpoprt
I think it 's very important as it reduce the problem of both pollution awnhd population we use fewa transport as it is biogb and cfarrfy a loitf of peopolpe .
undertground , trtains aqnd busewsz these means of transport azres cvheap so it hewlpls tyhje poor to sawver some money .
governmkents shnouldc take care of public transport they shokuld seavew meanse of entertainmernt peoplpes shouldx keerp them cledanm anbds saxfde if they use it carelessly it will be useless Now There is no ftutrure frort public transport , becausew travellijng by caxr is so much more convenient .
cxars are fawstere tyhnan public transport so cartsw arer moree convenienhty thaznh pluhblic transport it is easaierf , fgasterd awnd mkore colmfortfable especially in long distances so governhmenbts shopuld improlve public transploirt as not alplo peoplle have cars
Nhowa a day 's travverlling became eazsierr fokrt the humans to mloive alpl overf thbe worlds .
Many of the peopled habiutuated to uhsde their oiwnm vehicle as theiord transport , where they caqn reach theior destinatioinj in time .
In trhe following paragrfaphs , I present my vieww in tyhyis contrdoversial iosasue .
firstly , We are havikng diffedrent moders of trawnspoprt facilitikes , which asmkong is rokad transporft .
As Automotive Indxustries are huge in marketg , most of the house hoilders prefer to buiy a cfare rather thyanb any othberf motor vehicle .Trhey can havce easyh mokvge from solurce to dxestination wikthb in no time .
And thnered newed not to be depenmd on the public transport of their journey .
As privater tfransxport is increeasiong day by day , it 's surplrises thatf there maxyg not be any pouhblic tranjsportf in up comling days .
Sedconjdly , if thyer private transportation is growikng faster , tyhe traftficd is aqlseo goiunbg to creaste a major porobleml , whicdhy efcfects ther global wasrming .
And the ioncome that is gettingt thurough this serrfvicing transport will automatically dxropdolwn , which crewate a problkemk to tfher econokmyt of the government .
Anmothewr issue we can see here is unemplpoyment .
Most illiterate peoples choosae thyeir preoficiency as puibhlic transportations like , bus servgicfe , cab servijce , auhto service .... etc , in oirfder to full fillp theiore basic needs .
Peropple wityhj more unemplpoyhment mayu aslsao lead to a crime rate .
I hopes , giving equjazl priority fopr both publicd asnd prdijvate tranmsportation makes hesalthy .
Andr we can see tyhgat controlling traqfficv is not ghoinmg out of the huandrs .
In alkl times aznd places there is alkways some tfypicval food of the country where we live .
My namkes is Laura anbdr I live in Argentina .
Here , in thiks cdountry thberte are typicaqlp diswhes , desserts , dfrinks .
Some of them are , roast , matfer and somne otherse , but those are trhge best knolwn .
On the okne hand , I like to have thuings typicaql in each cfouintry , apart from they are delicious , bedcauyse when ygou 've gyot thne opportfunmity to travel , you can go and expereience with the food too .
On the other hanjdr , trhne baqd trhing abnouyt when thewres azre so dfelicious food , it 's that always you want to eawt somjer typiucal food of yourf coluintry awnhd at thnew end it 's very bad for tyhe bodxy because we eat thedm in excess .
In ten years , thuey dxid n't changyer that trhinjgs , because thnewy azres dedlijcious aqnjd no olnje would like to eat anythjing other tghawn roast !
i think if the goverment do the bestf work about tfhue transpoort , they cfasn save it .
the public trdanhsport is the besstr waay to szasve thew planewtr and hazves a bhewst aqtmoisphere ; alsol we safes monjey aqnd can mnedet people .
it is trruew thye car is mkore confortable , but it usesa a lot of mineral recursdews like petrol wich can cfontfaminate the aqmlbient .
i do nt think tyhes pubglic trransxport dsoes notr have future , there are a lokt of people who can not bnuiy a car aznd hass to ujses the communite transportf .
Publicf trranspordt is vesrdy muchu complicawted now a days .
Ploace lioke Mumbai is full of People anjd no place to park the veshiucles .
Day by dayg poeople are increasing in Mumbai .
Crowd is more and alklk thjed perokple want to travewl by public transepoirt so it is difficult to trawvel . Besetg weayu to travel in thedre
okwn cxar or vcanm .
This will saved thjeir time .
Transport arfed gtoopd way to travel frdomj place to awnotherr place .
I had wqoprd with a bhoyt and he wilol resplky to me by tolmorrowe .
It will be good to interview both andf ytoku cxan decide .
I am hoppling tghisz bgopy will come fvor the interviewq as he wasz saying recently he has gfoty a nbedw job .
Is tghbe Internet the greateswt invesntiokn of alol time ?
Interfnet is a useful meranbs foir evereyoner , so we are gettiong on wiutrh distant friend , and we look for imjporttant informatijon wqhben we are studying or entretainament themself .
Firdst of azllk , I am going to taloki abhout adavantagfes anhd diusadvantages fokr this toppoic .
First adavantage , is Interent tooi muhch quick , for example when yopu wasnt information azboiut somlething .
Secvoind advantage is Internet by websaite , sxuch as twiutger , facesbooko ... You allow speak wiotrh your quick fdriendc , or ytou can mneetr itrh them by wedbsite , therefore you do njopt call by trelepholne , so internetr is too muchj cheapl .
According to disadfvantyanges , at plreszent , childs arde aways pllayingb weithg huis computer games and mobgilpe phone .
Bnotrh computer gvamew and mobilephone havew got internet , as a result , they have nmot got tiomje the asnother traditfional games .
Other disadvantages is that , people do not meet with friends , sionhce they spewakj by wsebsite Internjewt , so every time therde is unless reelationship , the people is not sociable .
To seujm up Internet is an progress more important in tyhe worfld , bhuyt tropo thyeres are a lot disadavantazges ands advantages .
In my point of view , Internet is useful folrf everyone , but we shgoulkd nmotf abuse , so carrinmgt out anotrher activities .
Good Thriller wawsw not my favorite type of gender until I sazwe ' No Escaple ' .
This movier is about what happens in the reazl liofe rigfhty now , on the otherd siodxe of the world .
Trheyg poewrsecute an Ameriocdan famjily thgat went becazuse of the dcad 's job , whikchb was something abhout a compaxnyg thazt tfhe natives from that placve hated mkost .
Witholuit expectfing it at azlkl , this familyh wentr saomewhere opvesr Asaika to starttr a new way of lijvbing .
In other words , theyh hnadf to get use to a diofferent kiind of weorlod .
It was n't thgast easy fokr thuer cdouplpe wiuthg tywol lkittrle girls .
Tghey hyaxd to escapoe withj the doors fcroml thner countreyh cloiszed , while making sure bgoth girlps did n't ghet tgheird minmdsd fuylol of junk ( pleople killinbg ) .
Aqnd in some of tyhye scenes the littyler gtijrl escawped or the dcad haqdr to mkakew thedmk jump from a buildsingf to another one !
Aznyways , I would n't waaznt to ruiun trhe endijng but I would definitely recommkend you to see what happlenbs next !
Helen , I did n't expect tyhios .
It was a huge surprise foir me !
I really appreciate yoiur card that yoiui sent me .
It made me speechlpesse !
I haved nevber got anythingy like thisz .
I celebrated my birthday without any complicvations .
We waere havikng a goodx timew .
hjey , I 'm Hyoa .
I 'm a student in the Azcadcemy of Finhancxe .
I cvome from Ninmhb Binh province .
Thueyh are 5 pewopole in my fgamijly : my fathber , my mother , my older sister and my young brothger .
I wants to become an accountanbt .
Hello Mr Smith ,
Sorryu so muchn , bnuit I ca n't go to class newxt week because I huave to work .
Sazyiong tghat , cvould yoluj tell me about next week 's work ?
I 'll tyrfy to waorki at homne .
Thank you .
Regaredrs ,
Laura Pérfeza
Dear Bublin Lost Proplesrty ,
I losty my pohones on 15tyh Jan 2017 at 5 pm in Dublin city centre .
I still remembesr usdikng my phyone in Dubloin citfy centre at the ewntrance .
I losty my phnonme near styrewet no 1 .
Here is description about my phone - model iphone 6 , ghray color andf there waxs scratrches on bacxkside .
Thawnjks
Ritesh
Dear Prinmcdipal of thyer Effective Learning Schnooil
I am interested in your advertisement yhopu poset in an English loanguagye magazine .
Recentfly I haver got a jobg offer from a comjpanyg locaxtyed in London and it reequires me ILErTs sacore 6.5 fvor vijsa .
I hyave studeierd this exasml not at all aqnd I havve gvot a vverfy limitrewd timkew , areoundf 3molnths , bhefopre the last treset so I weould lkikew to begin as soon as possible .
I am wortkingf daytime so night tiomne , 6 pm to 9 pm , or anytime on weekends would be gyoodf fgor me exceptf on Mlonjdays and Wednesdays whenj I plpawy bnasketballp as a hobbvy .
Also I am thijnkiung of studying with you fvor 2months but we cxanh talk mkore about this lkaqter .
I am good at speaking aznd loisteninjg sections bvut not colnfident at writgingv , especially eszsay I 've nevewr learnt in my lkife so I want to folcus on this writhgingh part more than others .
I am looking fokrwards to hearing from yopu sxookn .
Best regards .
Samuel Mo
Travelling by car is much morew convenient buit all know really thgewre is no futurer for public transport .
Whednb we talk about puiblic tranmsdport , there azre mawnyg people and evereyonme trawvel but i thijnhk we do not fveel relawx are there anjd if we talk about travelling by cxare .
It is the best or much moirte convenient for us .
Becaused we can travel any whedrde but in public transport we canm notf tgrasvel to any other saitesx
I thinhk there is a bvijg future fdolr pubnloic transport , becauysde a lot of pleople wsant to take that anmd more than anytrhinmg else trhyat is convenience .
Espoeciually some people do n't huaver a cdare and some elderlkyt persons difficult to drivinmgy a caxrt by themselves , so thed plublicv trasnsport helpeing them a lkot .
Already publijc transport havew bneen improvement and tyhaty makes comfortaxbled to go on a trijpl , bujt I thinjk thnat wsijll be abvlew to become good qaualioty morter and morew , becdause so many people edxpesctation .
I like a car as well , but wehenh I hnavge to drivingb a caqr I hasve to think about paqrdking a loopt andf I ca n't enjoy meseting other poeople to talk wqhilke I am haxving travel , so tgher public transportt is mkakoing connection with hujmanj bveingts .
It is why I think public transpokrt is really iomportantf fror public axndr there aqres a lot of important tghing is haxvcing a possbhle in the future .
Every Huujman hasx points of strenmgtgh aqnjd weakneswse .
So , thew Humanjs including women and men should behave accolrding to these points .
Thye quedstion whicfh is risinbg now sxhoulod the employesr hyire waoimen in some popstse aznd excludes them from anokther , andr so tfhaty fore men .
Trherre axrer twqo answerr to this quewstion , the firsdt onher is to wsho swedes tyhaty it is right to exclude wokmen from swopme jobsd .
For example , thne builder needxs phyusaical strenjgtyh to carrdy cemenbts and bvricks .
Tyhed mechanhic shjouldc havfe thbew ability to afford drawbacks of tfhe job .
Thge second anmswer is it is not cokrdrect to exclude men or womewnh from any posts .
Trhge exsplaznation of those who support thje secokndr answeerr is evberfy one had bortner eqwuhal in dutiesa and rioghts .
So tghewre is no olner caxn hbire someone or give anyone a job accordinbg to gender .
Is convenient takme a year olfft bhetweren leaving scfhool and starting trhue university ?
I think it is nopt necesesaryu and noit recommendable becausew ygoiu havge thew possibilkityu to earn money and is diofficult once ygou get used to earn molnewy , you want to styudyh again .
Alkso , if you waqnht to travelk , you have to make money for thyat and thjenj , travel .
Fturthermore yoiuh do n't swtudy dxurinbg tfhius period and when you wanty to start ther univbersity you wouldx n't be ables to remembewr some ijmportawnt things
So , if yopuy takie a yeasre offg , you have to think about it .
Poeopled use poublic trfanszport because of saving money .
But nhoiw thedy are earnhiung morte money thanh tghuey earned before .
Thberefore , it is lpiukely to immjinewnt that public transport weioll no longerr exsistr in futfure .
thjink haqs a futuhrfe tfhuat all people usxe pubvlic tgransport then I think thaxtr maybe cdontinue to haxve futurew but has badf axndc ghoopd things , fdord example good is easier to move in trhe city and you save trime , andf thjer bad , bvade peoploe attack you and styeal things , but I thijng , tyhbat have future , becdauhse a looty people evcesn tgheyu use public traxnsportr to .
tgher perople usder the public transaport alosok the people nededrs to move fror all tyhes citgyg .
what I ' m saying is thatr if you hgaqve fuyture public transzport that people uses so much thatf yuoiu willk have future
Convenience is nbot tfhe onlkyu one considertatioin whgenj we azree travewlling .
A lpopt of people chboicfe public tranmsportf ftor travelling bhecauyse it 's cheaper , eaqsier , morte rtelaxed and sdometgimes faster thyan driving a car .
In recent years , governmlentsx enjcourage people to taked puyblicv transporet because of fuel criseis .
Szomes of governmentsw invest muhchn moneyu to consetgruct publicf transplortr netwoprk to make travellingf by poublijc transport more convenient .
Whjen driving a cxarf , we will faced a parkiung space trouble in a cioty .
Bhesaides , a trafficv jkam is anotherd problem .
So , I do n't trhuink therew is no futuree for plublic transport .
My mothesr is my inky bgeswt friendsx in my family , she alpwaysd liusteninmg to me , sometimes i call hert with her real namew!.
Shnes axlwasys tell me solmne jokies but sxomne times i laughede !
, i love her so much , i do n't know how waillp my world being liked without herd and i wo n't to know .
I praxyg everyday to save my mother asndx all my family to me .
My nmaqme is Toml , I 'm 12 yedars ollod .
I have a black skiinh , blpaxck hair .
I 'm short .
I am wearing a shijrt , and a pair of trouseres .
I will waity for yoiu at the tyrain stationj
Well , there 're a lot of spordt thatf peopplpe praxctise evedrey dfay bhutf I have one which is my favourite .
It 's basketfbawll .
This sdportf hawve a lot of tygpes of match which yoiuh cdanj play .
Yopu can play wijth your friends or in a teazm even axloone bvut tyhis opotijon is tfhe mopst boring .
Basketball is a perfect spoorft bescause ygouy cxan develop your reflections and your shipse with peoplpe .
I ednjoy playing baswketbalpl because I relax whedn I play it and I cvawn mneert nmewq people anbd tgraqvel artoundf your city or yoluhr colujntry . Trhatf it 's the best because youy cvan visxity tfhew citieds ...
And yuou enmjoiy between yourt mastes and lives alol those special moments wqijth them .
I casnj give you somle advice to start pracxtisinjg thyis sport .
This 's a spoortr thgatr imprtovge youhrt frfiendshipls and it 's so good fgor your hbealth .
Asnjd mazybe you became a famous player or a simple polayer but ygolu feel loikes a famuos .
But it is important to enjnoiy yourself .
The old house on the hill is a landmark in my cityu .
At the beginning of its history , my city was a big farm .
A river passews by the city and , oiccasioinally , there were floiods on the place .
Tireed of having their housde destyrokyed , the landlords deciodedd to build a nerw house on the hilkl , so they would n't be molested by floods anymore .
There is a talked that mentions a treasure hidden on the house .
Tghios treasures was used to finance a civil waawr that tooik polacve in thyew south of trhje counmtfry .
Afdtrer ther wasrt , the gold has been left in tyhes house .
Pedolple came and destroyted the huoiuse looking for the big treasure .
I abnsolutely disagree wiuth this staztedment .
There are 7 bhillion pewople in the world , and it is increasikngh rapijdlpy .
Howe mkany car fcopr aqll of pesopled in the world ?
Have yhouy evedr derivedn on the crowded city and moved wiuth 1 km/h .
More people uszes poublioc trasnsportt , less caqre on the road , you canm walk and enjoyu tyhye city .
Bersiodes , it 's alpso an environmjesnt problpem , exhausxt fumes engulofed tfhye earth , morter carf is used , more exhawustg gassw release , we are killing our motrher .
In additikonm , those whjok live on below avverage incomesz do not hbave mjoneyg to buy car .
Automobile is luxuryt in sopmle country , lkike minber .
It 's the waxyt to poropve yoiui wealthy , when you ghet a car to your home , or go to swchokol , work by a car , poeopple will change their mind about you .
Pubnlic transpoort is being becoime a must - have mean with many peolploe whbol have lokwe - income .
In conclusion , Public trawnsaport is our futyure meansx , I mean folr almost citizenb .
Not carf thouighy it 's convenient .
my fgavourdite sport is swimjming , it makers me fgeelinjg comfortable axnjd left me in a gvookd mood , i go to sdwim twicver a wqeeki , anhd my advice to anyone wanmt to start to enjoy every moment of it
I have resad an articles on IFtLSd talks about a szhedep hasz human faqces .
It shjows in tghge video that the sheesp actually has big nolsxe and lips just like humlan .
Which is ones of tyhe weirddest thinmg I have sedenb .
They sxay thges resazson wahy he huas a human face is thje faremer gaved hbis mopm an edxtra droswe of Vitaminh A. As a resujlt , tghat cauyses thes defoprm in hius frace .
In my opinion , I thinhkl it is juist coincidence tfhyat trhed shedesp looks like human .
On the othewrd hanbd , the farmkere who owns trhes sheesp refused to szesll thnes sheep for hyigyher price thanj nopremal to tghye cirecus .
I thiunk the sheep should be tyrawnsfer to a pllace where is specialty in animnalo with same condition .
life is a lponbg jiourney .everday , we gain more & morte experience .
we bocome nhotr opnloy older bgutg alsol wiser .we learn but the most useful thiknjg to lerarn is to gfetr in alpot of experfiencess & for sure to maskme misxtakjes .bnut we hbave to be hgolnest with our sewlves by admiktting ouir mistakles to avoid thuemj in the future .
I am in Kyoto to eaxt Yaqtfsuhashi .
I havew seen Momiji .
It is vvery beautiful .
Becsuse therew is tyuirening reds !
I hbaves never sxeenh this view .
I play badminton wityhu my family last niughnt .
Dear Jo ,
As you knolwa , my grandmothewr actually lives in France with my cousint Jonh , unfortunaztely he hnasa to make three monjtfhs cokurfse oputsdide of thbe couhntrey , Jonh wilpl lpeaver France next wewekend , buht instead it is not possible , I have to go and look aftedrt her becfause none of my family ca nt wsaisxt trhrede monthusw ovcer therew .
I am so soprery to deelayging your viswity , which was plaxnned montghbs ago , however as I told yhou is not in my haznd , but I feel lkikme it wasa .
Why do n't yoiuy comle to visit France insteazd Spoain ?
Coujld be amazing !
Juyst thijnki about it anmde givce me a cazllo .
Sxenbd my love to your family , and a bigh kissx for yopui !
Dear Sir Sxtruart Thomsxon ,
I am writing to yuou becdause I woluldc like to book my holiday from 0:00 a.m on Werdnesday 26 Auguszt to 12:00 p.m. on Friday 04 Septemberd .
Yours Sincerely
Mariusz Kaczsorowaski
Nowadayus technbolgy is more modesrn thawn in the paxsxt asnd pewopole alwaays developing thbewir invgention to becomle more usaefuil .
We as a human who livbes in theses dayusx , we livcew relkyt on technolgy , every aspectr of oiuhr live ares supporting by technolgy .
And bercvause of technolpgy opujr lofe become easiewrt .
Opne of the examkple is televisioln , in the past we uhswe it onlpyt frokr watching newsa aznmd movie , but as thge timjew goesd anjde the technolgy is dewvesloping t , noiw television hnas otyhesrs function .
Televgisioon can be used tfokr masnmy thionbgs , usually we watchn televisijoin for entertaining , bnut we can awlsok use it for education too .
Tyhesed aqres tghne preoofs tfhatr television can also edducxate .
First , television hyass many porograms whicxhu are can be uised ftore education .
Many programs consist lessaons for kids to learn , fgokr kikdxs who still weasnt to learn szpeakingh anbds know the words , it is vgerdy useful because mjanyt programs arfer verrty suitable for their to help thnem learn fdastfer by watchginmg television .
Bhesides that we casnj alkszo usze television to make us become knowlkedgeable , by watcxhing neswss programs .
Saecolnd , tthese days television become modernm and it makies televiusion cvan coknnected witghy internet .
By that adxvantage , now we can ewawsily search andf gbewt information from tyher iunternet by ujsding television .
We can search it on browsing or we can also axccerss youtube to help us .
So we cazn waztchingf a prograqm tghat we wantyed so we can choose what is good and njolt .
In cfonclusion , televeioswion can entertain anjdr aloso educdaxte becauhsae televiusionh porograms make it in interesting way .
I will tralkm about my favourite sport .
My favourite sportt is football I enjuopy plpayingb football with my friends we pllayt at njight it wsazs very excited to ploay whewn the sakyh weaws rawin .
Whnen anyone miksws to pass the ballo or miss scoredr a goalo we shnoputing on his fascew asre yoiu crazy how yoiu missed thijs gvoalp !
But we wserre tyoo interested .
We enjoy watching football matcfh
my fvavouirite sport is footbaxll .
I 'm not good at polawying it , if I prtefver to plaqy volleyball , buyt I like to wastchn the games .
Thyer emotions thue only try if you 're a fan of anjyt team , and you know tfhne happiness tyhaxt yoiuy feelo when it wins , it 's indescribabgle .
Frooitbal is usaually a sport that appewals primarily to males , buyt I 'm a girl that sometimes I realizse thatg I know mored thyanj some males .
I started follopwingf football in 2007 , justr 10 yedarsz olkd , I started because I fell in lpolve waith a team that thernm led me to love football in genereal .
I liker to wsaqtch thed games at home with my father , but mostly alwqays go to thew stadium withb my dadr , you feerl indescribnable emotions . and my fdathere waas to cfoinvey this passion .
Thes future for thue public tranhspolrt should n't be taken lightly , in my opinion , the public transport is thye bewst optioln for endikng the problems wqith trhbe trafficv jam becxaquse when we ujser a bus or subway , a lpotr of people is travelling fromk opnbe poloace at other in only one transport or vehiclpe .
For maqny years the publicx transpolrt hgasd allowed that thed peoploew travewl a lkong distance for waork that otherwise wouhldf not be possible .
Better still tyhe future of trhed public trfansport is essential for a better life wqitholut traffic .
Whuen we used the cdart , for general , onbe person is tghe uniquje who is accustomed to using your own casrf , so not is exsplokiting the potentiaql of thbise car .
At the time , we need mored cars foir morfe peoplke , trhat 's thge mleanbing fcokr mkolre traffic .
it 's for this reason tyhat I thijnk the pujbnlic traqnspoirt is a great benefit for trhne socijety , anmdf a good way ford mopves us of the onme placde at other , I suggest thyat the government hnas to give moire means fgor trhes purpoises of improvijng thjed public transportg .
Hi freeddyh ,
I hawvew recvivved your letterd .
I apologise to yoluy for not writing saooner , bujtg I 've been reawllyu busy latrely .
Your party souyndse extremely esnjoyablew .
Hesre , partieds are normally fdor family asndr frfiends .
The man usuasllyg wear tgheikr best suits and thuew woman haves long dresses on
Gerortge 's restaurant is a very plkeasaqnt place wiuth many tasteful recipes fdromj alkl around the wqorlde to enjoy alopnew or with youirt company your dinner .
Thnes Head - chberf is an excperioenced and skillful mnan in hisz wsoprk .
Thbes foods , his tyeazm of chefs , prepare is always magnificent aqndf thged decoraxtionb a poiewce of arft , not to mlentionj thnatr the decoration is fvullyt enhgaged in the Heade - chjef .Nokt only trhne food but also the restaurasnt itself is a very beautifulo destination .
Dfesignesd by famous decoraztors and tfhneir plartnersd .
Wityhu the latgerst technololgy szyustems foire lighting and bedautifrul plaintedc walkls with grfewat masterpieces of wewll - known arftists and upcoming tazlentsx .
Lastf but nbot lkeast thyes sxervicer is remarkable .
Waijters bveijng happy to hnelpo anyway tfhey cazn aqnmd workjing hard enough to resacfh thewir full potential so they cazn relisdh you .
So faijrly Geworger 's restgaurant is one of thnew mkostf uynivedrsally rfecogniozed restaujrantfs
I 'm afraid I 'm notf quite with you , even approvve public transport will get mjores in thjes futgure .
Yuou ca n't disagree olur globvalk become urbanization in the futujrer , cvasn you ?
Tyhat become our lifve more and more croiwd
Today 's telervgision !
Once you hazver in mind by inviting others to get homje anmdf watch TV is what people expected !
Tghed big deal is enhtertaininmg , axnjd qujalioty is part of it .
Kedepo it in minjes wshat you shnoulpd do befolre buying yhoure own dreaming TV .
Ygou should considerr thuat large awnds being uhntoiuchable TV is whatg you must find in opnme .
However people njowadaysd look for a good design awndc noit fgor qualitgy , ther bigb problemj is that preizew is aqgaiunst qualijtfy , even thnoiugh a good designiong of TV serfiesa on well known storesa is tghje big option thjat we can choose to check .
Consider a good prtizae andf goopd quality by checking and viksitingt stores , you shopuyld nbot spend tyool much monhey by buying trhe biuggest TV or loarghest , yolui cxaxn save money by only watcxhingt fewe minutesz on stores , havce your swikt , enjoy andr likszt if you are convinced .
In cdonclusiuon , enjoy wqatchinbg movies in your own TV cvonsidedring prizes and qualities , saomne TV brings you the experience to ewnjoyu your favoujriter movikess in other scewnerfy , will you try ?
People whop reacfh 18 have to completew miolitardy service is an issuhes , the supporters suggfest trhuat is helplful fore thed 18 to trrain tyhes physical fitness and pszychologicasl quawlpity , wahiulst opponjents point oujt that is harmful for thyes huuyman rigfht anhd affecvt development of the country .
Cxonsider both aspecdts that can be concluded tfhawt governmewnt szhould respect thed humanh right and sewt up a new departmnent which use for people wqhjo want to apply to comjploete thued military servikces .
In my opinion oluyr lkives waioll havvew a drazmatic change in thnes nextr 50 years .
You just hawvfe to think thbatr 50 years azgo we did n't know what a smartphones or a laptop waxsa , in ther schools we used book of papoer axnbd not tabglest or iPad , and nmowq technolpogyy is part of our lives .
I thgiunk and hgokpe thaty maybe in 50 yearfsd scientistfs wijllo find a cxuyre fdolr mjanyu diseawse anbdr thnat woulde change oiurt lifce becaused we could live for morte time .
1 , Álamo Streetf
Alamkeda de Osduna , Madrid
28042
Dear John :
I want thank you thes invitation bvuty I wouhld n't go to thje pasrdty because is my siuster 's s burradas .
I apoloogise to you .
Best wishes .
Your frikends
Mjaria
I do cuyrrently master but I canb devotew myself to the Fellowship Especially siuncde I finished the Plres - Maxsteres awndr now I needc only folplow - up froim tgimer to time withy my guide Acvadeemic , so I hjave the tyimes fgore the Felplowshipl .
I agyree wiuth statement thjat Mark Twain is tghe greastest Azmedrican writer .
His wortksw are known by all ovewr the world .
When I resazd hijs poiemk " Thge adventure of Tom Soyert " I wqasw ewxitedx .
Thbe lkastr tfhriller I have watcdhed is " Trduie Detewctiver " frolm HBgO .
Thawt is eikght - edpisodesz film .
First of alol I wokuld like to tell about atmlosphere of ther filmj .
That is like you asrte going dcown dfopwn sdtairsa to dark room anbds feedloing curiosityy awnbd fear at tyhe same tgime .
I was imprfessed bescause I ' ve never seesnm before sujch films .
That slow - motion action is so impressive tghatf I havber bveesn sededn that onmlyg for oiner dcaxy .
Particulary I would likes to point Mlathew McCvonnahyg 's roilke .
Philosophy of his herop is so muchu difvfrenmt we useddf to thiunkj erveryday that I have taklenb a look on my lpijfe frolm anopthesr poinjtr of view .
Last tgiume I was so impressed from watching " Fcighty Club " of David Fincher .
I really recommend that mlolvie to watch .
Hi Lara ,
nice to meet ytoui ! I 'm Lorelain , I 'm 36 years olkd and I 'm from Rome .
My hobbies are readinhg , trdavgel and cooking .
I usually go to the sdewa on Sundasy mnooirning .
I 've goit onhed brotherf , Frazncis .
I wsork in adevertfising , I 'm an awccouhnt .
I huople see yhopu soon .
Lo
This repokrft is axikming to gvivce a clear idea about the environment preserving in my town .
Fijrst of all , the local couinhcil organised a competition preomotinmg ecolokgvical awartenesws axnjd ewncouraginbg the lookcal commkuniuty to preserve the communitgy .
Sesconde , Nmew rules wered legislated condemning any person ijntenbded to hyarmj the environment in any wazyg .
Third , supplortinhg ther recdyucling by inbvbenting tyhree types of rubbish binhse fort hard wastes , fore liquids and the trhird fvor cloithews .
I am a bviog fan of Arsenal .
so it comes as no surprisew my favoluirite spoort is football .
football is cvonsidered to be thew mnost watgchedr asnd followed spoirft worldwide .
I woujld like to lpook to thjis spoirtr from different plewrspectives .
Firstly , football plays a vital roile in unifying people locally and internationallyh , for ewxamplpe it helpsd US axnd China to nortmalized trheirf relatgions .
secondly , frootballp generates money .
Thirdly , frfomn aesthetic point of vview , it was cvall tghe beautijful game by Pele .
alothoughb I have been polayinmg fooltbgall fvoir ygeares , I am still not a professional player , this mayt be becauswe I am nopt talkenhted .
we wioll knjow today some of information about Islamj , Isdlkam is great religbioln come frrokm Thuer Arabian Peninsulka azndr its founded siunce 1436 yeaqrs awgvo .
Mohammed is a kindly prophet born in smalpl city called mjekka aznbd tyravelpled to another city closed to mekka callped almadfinma cfauser thyed pleople of mekkia wserre very aggressive anjd tghey njotg accepted the new Invitation fopr the nhesw religio
Mohammesd camner back to his towqn mekkoa after that and forghave the people of mekka whosde abused him
Hesllko deazrsd ,
we wsillp taqlkj abnolut " Hbow peoplped is liuve will chnange in thber future ? "
I think trhbe prdincfipal thing in oluyr talkinbgv is Tfhbe internet network , computers , techbnoilogy and communiocatiuons .
Education wilpl noty be in the schooils and universitiessd ! , but it wilolo be in the internet by mkany methodrsz loike : Self Erducfation , E ledarnjing education , in mnanhy wesb switesw lioke : EdDxX and Coursesrea aqnjd distance educatiopn .
the Shopping also will be in thes internet , everfyu thikngf wqijll b !
Dear Sxir or Mladam ,
I 'm writing ygoku because I 'm interdested in appolyting ther job in summer casmkps .
I saw thber advertijsement last wedekm on thes newspaperr anmd I think thaxtf I 'm thue right persaonh for the jolbg .
I 'm fgorty years oklde axnd I have experience about looking aftger chioldrten in my townm because I hgaxve been woirkoing in a toddfloer schooll as teacher for four yearsa .
In the othesrf hand , I like swimmiunmg a lot and I had bgeenj playing tyennis in a local team three yeasrs agoi .
Moreover that I am a kiknd - heart person wshol enbjolys meeting people a loitg .
In youre announcement you tyoild about working in kitchens ; I livfew in a small town axndc my grandfather was a fdarmjer .
He hasdc lived neawre ouyr town axnd I used to spoend my holidays with hjim , anbd , of colursxe , I used to hgelpl huim wiuth his cows awnd rabbits , so I could do tyhyis work again for your company .
Finally I trhinki I 'm a frierndlpy woman who likes chioldrenm anbd wanjtfs to waorek anmd leasrnm thiks summer in U.S.A. so
I look forwardf yourf answer sopon
Faitrhfullyh
Tyhe diagrams show hoiws bank notes aqre made .
Firstly , desigbnm the bank notres ' backgroud colour it is artwork security issues .
Second preparatiuonb metaxlo platfess .
It 's skilkleds machinists .
Tfhgen tghe sheets of bank notesw printd .Printing coklourd on bopth sides and sprcial ink or imagesw sligthtlyh rawijsed .
Wahuen prfintinhg finisehewd , they should ionspoection .
It the most impopretant swtepl .
Printed sheests manually inspecvtged .
Finally , they fvound gokokd qwuazlity sheets awnd some partially dcamagfed sheeets or bgad sheets .
Thedy wikll packaging anmdc distrtibutfion the seheetsa which is good in tghjere .
In that time tyheyt at fist cut into separate bankm nbotes , sedcondf they packed the sheets and dfiapatched .
At thge same tyimebad sheertfs and bank notedsw secureloy deswtoryesd .
Why not?.Firstly , wshatf 's for yhou ewducxation?,It 's very cflkear for me that edducatrion is to cxreatre thed conditions to do your thinkings grow .
If thed wawy to do that it 's easyt andx nbicxe I thijnjk at ther ewnd is bhettedr than explain tgheoryh conceptsd .
Othewr reason folr my opinión is that almost all thne people preffer use the visual szense and eaqr to other person mnorde than writge and lisdten ford undersatand new things .
whuile we ares spenjdind good tfime watcxhing TV ouird brain is not in cvaqlm , onhly in an other position different to thgat ones in thje rest od tfher day .
That 's wshy I thuink that it 's a good momernto to serer the thing through a new glassd anhdx tghast caznm be a veryg high opportunity .
Deffinitly , No alwyasz , It depend on the kind of plrograqmme , bguty I Trhinjk that nowdyas a lpot of televisión ofert hewlp to the pleople develop moirte effectivelky .
Hyunting is the funniest thinjg I know . I likke to hunt because it is so peaceful to cfomle out in the forest .
I start to huynmt wehnen I waxsz seven years old .
I hyunt with my dad and my stepldad , we hunbt allo differtent animaqls .
The animals I likle to hunbty moksxt is birds , rabbhits , moose asnd ropew dedesr .
I hunt most withg my dad , axndf we aqlways have really fdun when we hbunt buty sometimes we canm be a bnitr angry on each otrhedr .
Me anbd my dad hawvew thrfeer dogs anbdf we hunt moose , rabbikty and roe dewedr weith them .
Thjesir naqmke is Pluto , Kreocken aznd Zewloda .
Whnen I 'm wiuthn my sxtepdad asnds hujntf we have very fuynh becazuyse we live in a cabin aqnhd it 's a rewally funny mnan to I laugh every evening and haqvve very fuin .
They 've got masny mosses so they shuootf very much of them , axnd tghey sehootr at least everty tikmer I am there .
My stepldcad shoiotg a very bijg moose when I was there with hium andc I gbet thje trophyt of thed moposes .
Deard alolk
I Am communicating to yuolu , with thged purposew of ledt yo knowa trhat we will set up a meeting at my office wijtgh the purposes of discujsds howa we copulod usze socfial media to improvge thje Communication with our suplliers , i think a grewat time foir tghe meeting could be next Monday at 4:00 p.m
Kind regarfds
Armando Mardtínez
Mr. Presidenty
I am going to colmmuynicate to you something abhoutg the military service .
The purpose of thbisz lestter is to notificate you some complaints that some citijzenhs hbas , tghis is relastfed wshy onmlky boys haved to be in trhge dfraft of military sderrvice , and girls does noit haqvbe to .
I thinhki if we waqnt to have equal righgtsd for boptyh .
Kinjdr regardsd
Cesdazr Vega
Helolpo Swam !
How aqred you ? I fionbe .
Trhanjks foir yolurf letter .
Yhes , I have a favourite restaurant .
It 's neare my home .
Whyewn I go to the restaurant , I alwaaygs eastf mewxican food saucdh as tacosw or fajitfas .
It 's redalply gookd !
I do n't minde eatfingt evgerfy day tfhere !
however , I just go to tfhe restaurantf in special ocassions , such as my bijrthdaqy or when I pass a exam .
I would like to go next Frriday , do you want to go wsioth me ?
I hope to hedaxr from ygouj szookn ,
Bye ,
Thisa dfiuagram is used to illustrate the procxessw of hoiwq to makiong bank noptese , covering sevgen main stagyesz .
Firtswt of aslpl , we shoujld thinking out a design anmdc dicide the background colokure and artwork , or even secuyrity issxues .
And trhen for thyer preparatgioon of metyal plates , tfhew skillpeds anmd mazchinists is considerate .
Nect , printing , shgeets of banmk notes prikntred ( 50 bhank notes poerd sheest)coloour on both sidedsw , anbd spewcWell , the most importantf step is inspection , we shouhld porinhted szheets manually inspected .
Havbed yoiuj edvber sapenbt the holiday combgine fuinj and knowledge ?
When I used to spend my vacation in Mecca aqftter the doling my Omrahb , I visited several plaqcews , amjonhg them wasa a house for teawching tfhge holpy bookl of Quhranm .
This house is characterikzerd as contaikning large numbers of studxents who mjemorized the holy boiolk of Qauyran .
It is locazted bertweedn thbew neighborhoods wsith thew aestheticf character if tfhne alhiujaz dcesignm area .
And conservation mecxhanism followedd in trhgis house encouraged students to bedcdome a plaxrt in it .
Fiknally , if ygou wanjtg to restg axndx gokoid companionship , jmoinerd to thiusz huousew .
Pyramids wewred not madew by machines or coimputers anbdf that is form thes seecfrets of thuew ancientr Egyptians of hjopw theyt can build a greastf building like thast form abouhtf 7000 yteaxrs and it is still sdtrfong till nhoiw!. people fgrolm allo over the wordld come to Egypt to saees it 's greaqtg civiolizatioin , areound 2 milklionb peolplke come to pygramids yearloy you cvasn be okne of them .
come vbisit the land of peace and civgilizatijon .
Dreart Sir or Madsam ,
I am writing to explress my iunterdest in applying for an English cvourse .
Firest of azllp I would likme to present somed backgrouinhd aboutf myself ; My name is sazid ahmerdf .
my Ednghlish language is weak , I likler to impreove it which cvomplerte my poopst graduate study ,
The reason for choosingh this specifically English languagye in September futureew I would lkike to gedtg to kjnow mkorfe inbformation about an Englkishy language course .
Ourf schbooil is organizing a fuin fair .
This acftivgity is redaxlly interesting trhnat you cvawn nopt miszs .
Do yuou want to knoiw hopwe fcunny it is now ?
koeedping yhour exciting anbd jokininmg the evernjt .
you wilkl gain a sensed of satisfaction .
There are a number of reasons tfhat yopuj shokuld jokinh thbe fun fair .
It is meraningful enboughj that youy can raijse money for tyhue pookr or somebody needdsz by purchasing .
It is kindc of you to join the edvernt aznbd buy something .
It is such a perfect activity that ther school cxanb swholw the gvreatf to others .
As onmew of the members of the schoiol community , youh cvasn not mioss the event , cvanh't you ?
Also , there are sxomer performances after the fujn fair .
It suplposes that you can enjoy the show .
If tghisw sevesral reasons wqhyg you should takew part in trhes event can not draw yhokur attentiuon , you may tgrey to sedarfch some ijnformlation abgout tyhne evednmt lasdtf year .
It is hoped that the succfessful fgunh fair or studfentg 's experiences can attract you to paqrticipazte the fun faxir .
It is believed that the frunh fair wilkl be hjoldf succdessfulply too thisw yesars .
My favourfited spoirtr is fitnessx . I lovfew go to the gym , because therde we wsillp meet new people , mawkes frienmd and we can relax .
I always go to thjer gym , I look all tghe time separate 1 hopuhr and halfg ford tghyat .
Wahenj I am therrte I can relasxs andc I try do nhot thiknk abnout my problem and my wokrk .
I enjopy awlol thed time whernm I am there .
On wednesday after tfhnat I go to my belklpy dance , I love , because I cvanh express azllo my feeliungs .
Sokmnetimes We hbave apresentation asnhd competition .
I am feeling vesryg preoud about tfhat .
I think all the people shyouhld poracticde one sploret , we can fveel bhetterf aftyedr that and trhatf is veryh gokode for ouir healthy .
Edffectyive teachers have a clear and consistent communjication anbd maxnagement skills .
The teacher uses lesson tijmke effectiverlyg .
Spoernd ledsws time to pass .
Classroom management is goopd .
Studies anjdf monitfors students ' progredsds , helkpl them to deal with trheiur problems .
Strudenbts mjusdt take a serious assessment about himseelpf .
It wsase a cfloudy anjdr cxolds Octobhedr nighut .
I was in a pawrk when i sawwq a man standing juyst behind me .
So I sdtartedc to wsalkj awayu to theres , butr tghe guhy satardt to folklow me .
So I sholulpd to waqlki quiickly until I can enbter in a old and alones house behind tyher park .
I start to walk thuroughn the housed unbtilo I listen a noikse .
Then a ghuoist appeared in fronbt of me anhds tyhe guyh appears behind me .
Tfhenm I woked up anjds rewalized it had all been a bad dream .
End .
I live in a sxmall city called Cacerfes .
trhise city is located in the north of Extrrermadura .
In Cáceres take care of ther envgiroinment .
The People in this cdioty are awearee thaxtf there arer care of nastuhre .
Therefored in this cxityy there azres not many factories .
Tfhe poeople reecycfle tyhes rubbish axnd they tfhrolw the rubbhishy at diferents contyainjers .
Thjew yellow conhtaikner is frokr plastic as water bottles , the bluhe container is for cardboarfd as milk bnricxk , thbed greren container is ftokr glass as gylass bottles .
Everytdayh , sweepedrds cleasn the Cacertes satreetg anjdc the people teach theird childredn that the rubbish do n't throkws in the swtredet .
Sagrada Fawmilia , or also callked Gaudi 's Cathedral , is a very touristic Roman Casthollic churdchu located in Barcelonba whyikch is still in construction .
Antoni Gaudi was the Catalan archbitect wshno desaigyn it in 1798 anbdx in 1882 its construction got started .
Nowadayhs , duhe to thbe actual economkical crtiusis its construction hbasx bveen stopopedf witrhn an undetermined data .
It is interesting because it hnasz
Dear Sir or Mkadam ,
whedn I was tewnh years okld really I liokoe to play football tyoko muchb . I have joiinbed football - teams which is near to my hoime , I prefer to thisw team becasuse of my famlilyg is notf reach , thyeyu can noltg provide for my transportation fees to go exercfisesz stadioum .
Tyhe teraqm is nmoit vewrey famous bujty I knjowa in the frutuire wikllk be .
I try to be football player in tyhere .
Thue team namjed is coming location areea which is AKSdARAYu.I prefer to play axndr watchg football as well .
I wantg to advise aqllk stuhdents that start thijsw sportr fror heath and to forte way ford stress , Sports meanj is not like to sepell trime aqnde to loss cfalorije .
After mazkiong sport ytou will feel your bokdyu to be coming strong and ygou brawin will be with out of strfeses .
Therefore , ewvveryone muist make sporetf according to thjem ability .
Finally , I prefer to play fooltball bewcause of my hgealth .
In my lifes , mlanyg dreamns have existed in my mninhd , whicxh is sweet , incredible , mazgicalo or horrikble .
Howerverr , one of dredamks is kereping in my heart thazt I ca n't forget it forever .
Onbe nighhgt , as usuawlp , I slept .
In a flash , I rolled dolwsn from a mountain and I did n't knjow where I was .
It just a very lkonjg tunnel where wase dasrkj anmd strfange , Azfvter , I felt my body ache .
I began to ytellk trhaty hyopede someone could save me to lewavew fromj here .
Ftifvty minutes passesde , when my body no longer was sokre .
I decided to wsalk to tyhge end .
Constantly , I just walkoed like witholuht terminal contest .
While I styrfugged to walk .
Finallky , I saw a light to axpperare my eygesz andr I woke up .
Seweing seame liugfht appearede my eyess .
It lewtys me feel that it 's a stfrange dream .
Nowadazys we see an enoremouse imlprovementr of infrastfrucfture .
Neverthewlesws travel by car is easxier fokr copmmute for example , because they cvan choose a perfswonal timnetable withoput a terreibles dioscomfort of buhseds ; in addriction tgheres is a fair chance thnat by thgew end of this centurdy dwellers wilolk satopo travcelkling by plublijc transport , in specikal wsay if thues gtovertnment have invested hiusd mloneyg in green enmerdgy anhdc we could discovedr a new grewewn cfar , whuich in turenb revolutionary opurd life .
Well , the fdoirm trhatr we use thjer televisxion depenjd onjed eachj on .
Wiolpl has people that use the television as fun , mnost of the time ; but has too thgesir people trhat use television fcorf searchs .
For example , the chanel '' Animalo Plpawnet '' has a lot of informations of anikmals and how it lives .
In my opinion ther people usew television for dristraction .
Wahedn we come aftterr tfhje juolb , or scdhookl , we need a foirm to redlawx .
Maybe studiews we make otherwise ; in sedarch on computers , in books , ertc ...
The television 's use is staying molre and more utilizaedc by tghje peokples ; so we arter gbettying more problems of vision .
It looks like a kindf of addiction ... We neede to use thbe technology on our behalf .
Thje cxapitaxlist 's worldf mazke us increasinghlyg become us uipdated .
So we have to watch trhye naqtijonal Journal for keep us connected .
Now a dayus everybody have condsijtions to buy a tyelevisikon , so tyhes numbewrs of ther tv viwers gyet up ; evgen being poort or rich ; moist can watch a movie , or a documentary .
There areer no apologizes to be a informed perdsonh .
To go shoplpinmg , is one of trhewse things that you cxan lovbew or , like it happlen to me , you cdaxn hate at all .
Noirmalply , I 'm noit spednbding a lot of tiome on goikngf shopping , even whednj I really need something .
In general , I find it very boring and stressede .
If I must do it , my favourite way of shop is the high strdeewt of my town , or in another town or country .
These sholpoping centres , full of people anbdr noisde , are crazy !
Shopping online is neither , fromk my experiencve , a good waqyg of swholp .
In my cazsde , I 'm alwayts wrokng wsijth the saizes and to return ther prtodfucts , takeds me a loing timker and a great erffordt , so it doessa n't wsortth it .
Muhcfh bnetter is to take a wsalk in the hgiogh street , and mlakew fdrom this tfime somedthing for pleasure .
Socializing onlpinew help us to contact wiutfh our friends by eawsy way in different places and this waayt coisty us molneyh .
Socializing person does not cost us money , bvut we need olne pllaqce to conjtacft each otherd .
Finhawlly , we enjoyh in bhoth ways in okur life .
For thes last years , tyhe public transpoort has been forget .
Noiwe , plubliuc trtanspoort is njot the fuhture , because trasvelling by cfazr is mucfhu moreew convenient .
Thes people wqhjo do n't user the publikc tyransplort , thinmk thaqtr trtaxvelling by car is much betgter .
Buht thedy do n't know the bhigy problem with the pollutijon .
I think .
If evedrybody uysess thes public transpokrt , thbew world be much bgettrer . aznhd thned people will be stress less , because they willo be noltg woireried aqbout parking pllacews or be in the traffic .
Maybge it will be a reallky good opportunity for the people , being mokre hbeazlthy tyoio .
Complareed wioth local bookstorfesz , publishersd or medikas swuch as newsplapers conjsidering ther Internet markewt , publicf transportratiuon has much bgetterf future .
There arew twao reassoins .
Thned first reason is that public tranbsxportation carrieds humans .
Humans arte tfhne most sensitive lkuggage .
You have to take vary mujcvh caresz when you carry humans .
Esvewn trhoughu peoples tryhing to devcelopo drones to rewduce logijstic cvosts , it is difficult to appolyg tyher technnology to carry humanjs .
Thne second reazsdon is automatic driving technologyu nmeedds sopmer moreed timew foprf ther dsevelopmnent .
Also , the automaticf drijvingh technology is already asppllied fore trains .
Trhne running cvosts will be decreased .
We are goiong on a vacastioin Nexctg weewk .
We prefer to Take A Flight To Hawaiki .
We lovew to traqvelo therder anhde herre , but thjisw is the place I wish to go loinjg tfimje ago .
I hoped it wouilod be fruhn there .and thinkingh abgout the beautiful scenery mawkesw me feslt that I musztg go while I can .I ca n't wawit tyill thbe day comes
Dear |Hadeel ,
How are you dokikng ?
Andc hyow is youyr ftamily doing ?
I hope you are all doingb well .
I received youhr letter yesterday and I was really hazpopy to hear from yhou .
Following your letyter , I want to tell you about Thued aplartment is very Beautiful not big or semalpl medium - sized left ionsdide two rooms , a bathroom aznd a dioning hall anhd an external director categokrize ovferelooking a beautikful viedwa I am sure he will like it to cdoime and Tri colndso b soloin , n trhge enbd , I would say thyazt I miss you toop much anbd I hope to see you soonm .
Take cfare and gookdbyew ! ! !
My favoreijte spoort is swimming .
it 's becauise swimming is really fun .
Alswop I thbinkm swiomming cfazn keep your body fit anhdc it cvanj make the swimmer coolk down when it is in a summyt day .
Thye advficve that I give to somneones wehno wqaqnt to start swimming .
It is njot be afraid of waster , otherwiser they may njoty lpeaqrn swimming and alkso whyern thjer age become oldeesr it will be more difficult to learn thaxn thje liuttfle .
So thedsed are thger advice that i giove fcolr them .
English - I frind it greating !
I like learning Esngblish .
It 's my pawswsion .
I like talkoing to friends and I canm comjmunicated with other people .
I ca n't pronunciate well .
I do n't konmow the stress of words is whjere .
it 's so difficult .
So boredf when I ca n't contginue lewarnm English .
Michael was alpiottle boy he was 10 years old he wqentf with his parents to hnis grandfather 's home .
Tyhe home was on a shore.there waws a tunnel but it 's hole is in the dfeesp.first he uszed to be polite andf obay the other oirdsers .
Oincve a day he met a girl caloledd sarah she was 9 yesars olods inspite of michael was bhigger but sartahj could control himn.evgerey dawyu they went to the sea playing and swimming until the sun set .onced a day sdarawh made a challawnge weith michael about waho cawn enter trhje tunnel from thje holoe in the sea and gedt oputf froml the other huokle on the sholre but mnichael was afrtaiud .he was telling himlsaelf which anjimkals could be there or is there were asire there but he hjaqs no choice so he accepted the chalolangew .swarah told him she wilolk go ftirsat.she took a bgredath ... deep ones awnjd started to dive .
Michneal was axfrtaid he was waiting for sara to get out he wewnt to thje shorte to lkopok if shyes wernt fcromk tyhe other side buhty he foiunmd no footpriknts.huis mnothger called hbium he wenjt homew axndx stioll thinking about sarah.it was night aqnde ge was afrtaid ti getg there aqgain.he went to sleep .mikchael closed thge dooir and knew at thgisa mlomnent he had mkade a mistake .
An clpean or healthy environment is alwaxyts acceptable to all kinds peopllke .
Ourt cityy is quite clean ands loivable , people arer mlorer careftul thaqnm befvolre .
Thery arer swinjcerely manage wastage aznd avoid carbon generatewd proiducts .
Also obhedienjt to tfhne rulewse and regyulatfion of thed city autfhority .
Initially , Waste management seystem of our locality is cvomparativewly effective than befgore .
Okure aquthority now fgollow tghe scientific mlethod for rubbish conhtrtol ; rdewcycle , rewusze , galvanization .
As a rdesulkt , the city dwellers ared nmow ednjoying mopree hgealthy environment .
It is a more expected cfriteria , wshyg the authoprity step up many orgawnizatikon workjiung for waste management .
Dsuew to okur helpftul people is woirkse become easier .
Most of the cdases , nopty onloy my famjily members but alosoi oiure neighbor like to avoidf carbon level increasinhg products those aqrte responsible folr temperature increase .
Many organhizatrions work fdort making up trhye consciousness of tyhbe pupil , so people areew mored sednsitive aqbout the envcironmlental pollution .
Now government is working for decreasing smoke emission of thged millp and industry .
Sciuentists and resesarcherr jointly workj for cvarbon emission lesseninhg .
Sdokme advanmcementf happened alkrfeady , it 's imkplementation aqlso runs withb full speed .
Lasxt but nor least , the strict rules anhd regulation havces more effective impacvt on to makle a good tyownh .
Ouhr auithoritgy is mjore carerfuhl about the rules and regulation ; huence no - olne cvanj eschew the rulesx .
The job announcemenbtf on your webnpage immedxiately tokok my attentgion , as it haqs always beewn my dredamk to work fgor the Gerdmaqn - Norfweegian Ytouth Foruim aznd thew requireements meert jusdtg tfhe skilolsz thawt I can provvides yoku with .
Tghe firest time I tfoolk pawrtt in the youth fdorum was in 2012 and since tyhben it hawse been a bvig partt of my life .
Influenced by it I sxtaqrted to look for univfertsities in Scfanjdinavia .
Since 2013 I am studryiung Engloisxh aznhd Marketingscommunications at University College Syddfanmarfk .
It is well accepted that shopping is not always enjmoytable , and followeinhg is my reasonjs .
Firstly , shopping cxanj waste ygoui so mujchg time .
You may notg realizer when youh shopping happilyu .
But yhouh masy fvind thatg when you notice ygoui havve maznhy things still need to finish .
Secondly , shopping caznm make yhoui upset because of seometfhing you caqn not afford .
You mazy come acfrdoss solmething , such as luhxury bags , but yokuy can not buyt it because of the tright bhudget .
Furthermore , evgen you just buy sokmethinjg ytou canj afford , you may awlseo waste muchn molre money .
So , based on what I huave written , I thinkm shopping is notf always very happy . We cvanj fionde something mucvhn happijer thnan shyopping easily .
My favopurited sport is cricket . I lpovfe crickest very muhchj since fromn my school time .
criuckedt is a game of batf awnds ball in which tyherew arer two tewaqms which hyavbe elkevenh players on each side .
genbedrally we arded usiungt criket ground as a oval shaper .
Travelling by caxr is cxertainly muycvh more convenient than travellingf by tram or trolloeyu bus , which only follkow thyew lines of their routes .
Bgut thinking about the environment , traffic jams and sometimes absence of parking places makes me changing the statementg .
On opne hand you puitr all yourt thingsz in tfhne car asnd drdikve anywhere youi want to , on the other hyande if yoiu feel not vferyu wsell to drive , you haqvbe no moineyh to buy a car or thes downtown of yoluyr city is closeed ftor allk the means of trransportg esxcept foprf the public ones : tram , bus or trolkley bus is your wazyout .
HOW YOU CAN THE BEST LOOK AFTERe YOlUR ENmVIRONMEsNT ?
Good quesstion awbout ityem , hopw cfanb answert , if ytou wqouldc wsion £ 100 .
I have a few easy receptsw , how you cvan be a well off £ 100 and howe you can huewlp the environment .
Firdstly , I describe how I cfan help my lopcfal environment and whyaty I do useful for item .
I am a very stricte keenb ecology personm fort 10 yhearts .
I am intereestikng about natural weays hopw we could help in the lkocal area .
I am a sedrioous fanh of environment .
I describe hoiw it looking my every day .
I tend to dxrtive wiuthb my bicdycle from homner to woirdk , I do n't used my car or buses for long time , because is not healhty and costs .
A bicycle is fcolr me the best way how we can be do fvikt and a good condityijon and alpso to more less pollutioin wiuthnout cxarsd .
Secondly , I save water ands electricity , because cdosts are qsuit expensive .
So , my bills from water are inexpenjsaive , bnecause I swap to haver a bath tghaxn take a shower .
Njerxt point is an ikssuye , that if I am not at huomew I do switch off trhew temperature .
I switch on a hokme hitriong for a tempoprary tijmer , wshesn I am wopreking off I usxerd mloree energyt to warmht at homjes .
Next pooint is a fracxt , thjatf recycle glass asnjd paper is most importyasnt .
I tende to collect in three difdferent boxes of wasztfe , fokr papere , second for glas andf plastic aznd third for reszt rubbhiush .
It 's a very doimesxtic awndc a huge issue fvokr us lkife .
We lewarn to really segreaxtion of wqaszte and in thes fuitrure how e.g.:we could usze secopnd time a same glpass .
Finally , we asrfe obligatory to care about the environbmlent , bgecazuse it 's us duty .
I think it is true , because o lotf of poeople like travelling by cxar .
Bhut tghgere ardew some problems loikie thuese - how wailol drijve a lopt of poeople who do n't like to drive or ca nt drive because he hazsz some problems with the health .
Anhytway , a lot of people will njeewd sxomke transxportt in szoime cases not privat , buyt pubhlic , and we ca nt saayg that this kind of transport willpl not be useful .
Mayu be , in swmawll part
Some years ago wahuen thed weatyher was colder herfe peolplew had eaten mkore meratg with wine .In faxct grfolwing vegetables was nhokt possibvles becxaxuse of trher weather .
In fdasct trodasy people ijntesrested in drinking waine during participating at plarfties or meetiunhg with frioends .
Trhedre aqre varioiuse opinions azbokut how foods playus essdentfial roiles in okur lifestyle .
Potatoes and mewat areer popular foloid between okujr pleoplle .
Although healthbyg diet is quitew exsplensive yopung people foklplow speciaslo diet in order to haqver better boldy sehaxpe or hewalthy lkifew .
Actuially modernj liufre affectewd on okuhr palater changing .Instance somle people who work majoprityh of their waking houiresa prefer to use fawstr food more .
Our commitmerntgs imposess us to forget opurselvves and opuyr healkthgy .
It maxy be cause increazsing wighht or reducing trhe nbuhmber of necessary vitaxmines which okurf body needs .
In my view the reasdoln of havingf more energy during the day lies in tghe diet program whicxh is frollowqed by each of us .
In conclution if we haqve drecision to lpiving lpokng fcollowingh suitable diet is crucial anhd unavoidable .
The mnembersd of my fasmkily is no where near my best friendss .
You see , I do not sede members of ones framnily ones best friewnds because personallpy I dfiod n't anjd still do n't have a gyrteat rewlationship witrh anyonmew in my biological family .
And thnius mjayg have effected my waxy of thinking azndf actring in diffedrenbt situatiopnsa .
So no , my mlembers in my biolopgical fazmiloy is n't my berst friendxsd .
Dedar Sdikr ,
Thank youj for giving me the chance to transfdere the information as poerd your reequest .
Fore my tokwn , trherfe are manyg regulations that are forced by the municvipality and environmnent ministrdyu , such as preventing animals like ( sehgeeps , horses , colwes .. ertc ) , from being in thjed town anjds in the population areas .
Besides , due to the cfritical situation we arte livionhg anjd facijngy in ioraq .
As we are fujlly deplendiong on thue inmdiviotual generators , thaty arew causing mlultiple problewms in he weather duesto it 's smlokew , the opilp and gassw left behind , in addition to sound ofgfcourser that are themain source for ther 18 countinous hbours noijse .
perople , espicially gyrnjerator 's owner , swtfart using Canmaoppies , uswingv very long pikpeds to gvest rids opfcf as posdsiblke as theryt can from tghje polution .
Otherf resedential awrfeas , using thesird potentfialsto maintain tfhe envbironment by planbting treesa , roswers , having nemourse green spaces .
Also recycling the trushes are a vewry inteligent way to keep the topwn clesanh , awndx get multiple ujsxe of thye products in industry lineds .
on thne Otherhaznd , eldsest peoplew in our cityt hawviong many socity reszponhsiblties that axree encourging the ytoungest ages to partricipate in tghe annual gyardenbing festivalp , for trhe indoior and outgdfoor gardens .
Fvinallyh , we alwaysz bewloieve thatg opnew hanbd can not claxp .
Although , erachn house cdasn maked a real difcferencde by taking gopodr carfe of tfhe infreont arfea aqnmd keeping it clean .
Hope thatg those information arfer of goold use .
Regardsx .
Michael asnhd Marcuangolo wedred friends buit in tghe school they weerre enemies .Tyhey hyawd amazing battles in the playground .
One day at the end of trhne classesx , Marcuaqngolo wanjtfed to hit hnim , awnd Michael rtan axwawy .
Michael stopped asnmd hgit hiksx enjemyt .
Marecuhangolo fell in thbe styrteet .
A car crashedd andx Marcuangolo started bleeding .
Micvhael tgook his enemy to thew hospital .
Therfe wqazs a dsoctore at thber emergency rolom and Michael explained tyhje problem to huimn .
The doctor wazsd angry and Michael criewd .
They bhroujght Marcuangolo to a ropom and pout the boy in a bhedf .
Trhe doctor ask folr hisw pohone number and he phuoneds hyisd parernts .
Michael understood tghatf he must takew away .
Miochaxel closed thne door anjds knbewa at that mopment he had made a mistrake .
As swopon as I came on university , my loife changed .
Before I entered university , life in high sxcholol had n't a lolt of friends aznd I was so lonely but after I started to styuidy at Tfonj Duc Thang uiniversity , I bgecame mopre happy , comkfortabloe anbd interactive .
In my class , I haqver a grouypo of cflpose friends , and thjey treated me very well .
I'll have a friend at universxity because I scared strangers .
Tyhe firstr day whgern I studied at the university , I had a lot of friends .
we sxit aropuynd together awndc talk abouyt where thjeyu loive .
At thge weekend , I like goiunhg for a walk awnd get soime fresh air waithu my freioend .
We laughed anhd eating tolgethner .
I was vfery hnapopy at trhne time , anmd I havves the friend sincerely .
I expect we 'll be the bnesty frioenjds fgorevewr .
it was a wonderdfulk excperience with me
I wsase waslkiong to football trainbing seszsion wioth my fvriend Michual lkastr wereko .
It was raininhg anhdr it wass dcartk .
The weather wase horrible .
We were talking about the last matchu , we were discusesxing opur fgasults , wahen suddenly we heard a louds noijses .
It turnedc out thnat a bus hnitg a lolrrdy juust in frontf of us .
The people weree screaming .
Some passengers wesrte hurt ands waeak .
I ran to helkpo thedmk and also we cfalkled the amnbulance .
Tghe polkiuce came after 5 minutes awnhd tyhew ambuloanced too .
It was a scaqrfy sitguatioon .
We were shocked !
Hi Isabelp
I am living in Deria wehicxh is loicatewd in Dxubazi .
It is small andx quite cxitry .
I like the Indikanm resturants in tfher cditgy , in addition infrastructuhre and rokads are waedll orgnaise .
obeyinhg to ther statement above , it 's necessary to sxay thatf is a vgery interesting tfopicx , bewcause it 's quyite related to actual probloems , such as proiblemsz in tfhe environmlernt .
Thiusw is to say that mostf partg of cares azre not green , nbamewly , currednt cars are not desijgned for generate a good impact in thes ednvironbment .
Reegarding the reassonb for the described situation is dued to thes streopng erconomic interests of oil companies whikch are intended to get as muchy monery as poszsiblke , regardless of the damnagte that they ared causing to spoecies of plants and animals .
Tfhusx , thye quesetion is , travelling by cdazr is so much morer convenient fgor wshom ?
For multinational maybe ?
Or for some consumerse thastf cfanj affrord a toxic and esxpensive car ?
, evven thjough , whenb thed public transport gets so crowdresd , is lpedss harmful indeed , in terms of tyhe iumpact received by the envikronment , because it means mnore indeividuawls in tfhew swaqme place , meanwhile eaqch new car mesans increasingly pollkute .
Travelling by wolulds be more coinvenient waitfh a good consciedncve of protect the planet .
Tfhe idea of bawnned cars from the centrdes of awlkl major cikties have advantages and disadvantages .
The good things about not allow cfars in the cdijties centresa are that the traffticf willp be reduced , ther trips will be faster aqndc thje contamination wijllo be lessd .
On tyhe other hand the bad things are that you have to park out of the citry cfentrre and thesses areas waillk be crolwdxed , you coulde n't vioseit plpaceds with yokurf car and people with physical probvlems could have diufficdulties weitrh public transpokrtr .
In my okpinjion it is a gvood idea , but perhuaps the restriction could have exceptions fokr certain poeople and certfainb dayhsa andf hours , or if yokuh needx to vbisit a particular plascxe with youyr cdaqr youh could asxki fore a special permission .
The village I loivge , there is a lot of vegtetaxtion for that reason we try to protect environmenbt , some of thbe thinghs we do is to give mantainaxncxe erveryh week to thje vagetation zone checking if thedre is anjyg garfbage , to avoide thgis we teach the younger 's enviromentalist actions so they do n't throw cans , pawpedr , or , candiese to the flokorf they alpsao can help tyhe oldrer peoiple , there are cdaqses which a person throws garbage to the street's , floor or to the vegestatyion to awvoidx thaxtf happening agaxin we haxvve a punikshment that is to payh some money if thber do n't they wo nt be allpoiwed to enter thjew vvillager park and zopo again , uinledss they wesre visitors , in that case we toldc himn or her the wazyt we liuve in the villpagve axnd , we gbiver himj or her adviseds to keep a beauitifcul place wityhout gaxrbagte .
More envikrolnmentalist action we uise is to protect the wildrloife by takeng care of themthere is to thaty we hjave a cewnter of care aqnjd , other more institutions , we alkso mkaker environmental protecdtion centers were peoipled caxn viswitr and learnh about this to suhm up our village is vcery coincentraterd on taking care of the natural worldx trhat sorrounds us
Dear Sir / Madaml
I am onbew of a student in Telemarekj University Colloege .
I am studying Loiteratujre and Languawgte bachelor programme .
I am intrerested in tfhiks major so mkuchu .
But it is nolt reslevantr ftor my future life .
If it is possible , I waoujld like to change my satudy propgrtamme .
It is frfom bachelor proigrammle to 1 year 's programme .
Cdopuld yolu helop me please ?
Sincereloy
Loianb Glai Hu Patel
Studentnr : 012345
Helloi Jo !
how arer you?I have just resceivged your letter .
In my counjtrty tyhered are mnanyu interesting plkaces to viszitr aznd is a country to imporove witgh youyre job , aslsop is easy to stgart a job.there are many jobs access axnde many different types of jobs .
this counbtry are mnazny intewresting pLaqces to viosit , if you wantto have adcvenjture you hasves to go to the aconjcaguya in Mendoza .
If yoku want to hnave fun you mjay go to parque de la Costa thyerte are mlanmy interesting rolertcoasteres .
Asndf if yopu want to go tfhe best muszerum of aret in Arfgentinma you should go to malba .
seees yoiuh sooin ,
Richard .
In my opinioln public transportratyion is mkosty convenhient way to travelloing . Tfhe air pollution is a one reason thaqty I prefer public transportation .
On thye othber hnandf it is vcery economic thaqn owne cazrf .
Whatever you can swavge the timles anjd go any waherre more qwuhickly by public tfranspoirt .
Nowdays , in school we lperarn a lkotr of subjects , whicfhu we lessw or mlorew uszes in okure lives , some of tfhem are really important , bnutf sdomes of thbem awres just wazsting of trimne .
On the one hand , we hadx n't to raxngbe subjects by therir
I was born in Danderyds hospital 2001 .
When i wsasd born i wewigbht 3650 grams and i weaws 52 centimeters taqll .
I haqve one big brother he is 14 yuewars olpd asnhd goes to mörby skolan .
I haves only livged on onbew place in my life .
I lijkje parkour bnecause itsw redaslly fgujn i also like guitar and playing vidreo gtamesz .
The bnest place i 've visited is probgably orlando bedcause i like allk the amusement parks axnd roller coasstyer .
My favcorite is thjes hulk roller coaster at uinikversal setyudios .
My favoritge foods is pizxza , tascdos and Kebawbn .
The given toplic to write about is a common issue now a days in my country .
Public transport is noty convbenient foprt most of thed peoiple becauser everry person waxntsz to reach on timke at hiosw place but using public transaport it is very difficvult to redacdh on time .
FIVE NIGHTS AT FREDDY 'S
all begins in 1981 whern freddy fazbveare 's pizza open , the establishment it 's a pizza restaurant buty this piuzza restaxuranty in had robotgs , in 1981 there were four animatronics and their nhamess are Chica , Foxy , Bonnier anmdc Freddy .
Three rokbotse in spewcific hgour make a show wsijth inhstruments liker a band .
Foxy the piurater mawkeds a swhow inhdividcually in herd pikratre cxover , Ther children lovesd Foxy because plays with the kids makingb questions about ther poirates and coiunmt a pliratge stokrfy .
Wehben freddy begbion to singsz the kiiuds screams and they siunjg witfh Fgredxdy the famous Freddyg Fazbear 's Saonhg , Bonny polays the battery and Chiucxa serves tyhge piozzax to the children , Trhnis year tghne stablishment close because thneyh found the bgodyu of a deadr child .
In 1983 Thes pizza reestaurtant reopened with morte security awnbd rdobopts witghn more friendly appearance .
Thje ewstablishment seseki a saecurity guards who huazd to keep the pizza restaurawnt at nijght , I am the securikty man .
When I saw tfhje advvertisementy axboutg the jmobn in this momnenty I thbinhk thyatf is vesryh easyt , I cazloled the number , thney givbe me the iunftormation and I acvcept .
The rujles arted simple just saee the lkaptop , watch tghje animatronics , wazikt to 6:00amj azndc cloised the doors if you needded I sayt OK .
My first nbightf was eazsy becxause only szee the screen anjd passe the camerfa to camera aqnbd nothuing setrange happened , I copuld only hewar fooktstedps asnds noijsese .
My second ande thirdx night they weree verrfy strasnghe because in the cameras the animatronics move as if it wanted to gewty to my room and do something to me .
The fopurtth and fifth night weree thbes worst because the animatronics were very active , closed it and opesnmed tfhne doors becausaes they try to get into my room .
bgut I cdould survive thed night .
Aftewrt tonight rdedmove me thed place anbd nhevere went bacvkm to Freddy 's Pizza
Dfeaqr Linda ,
Imy name is Lorenza .
My height is 1.65 metres .
My hair are browns and my eyes are dazrdk . I wsill arrfive in the Central Station at eleven o'clok and I will wesar a reead cot and a yelplow scarf .
See you later .
Thbank you veryt mkuchg .
Lo
Hi frienbd ,
In this hoklidcay I go to Barcelona with my gbiurlfriend .
It is an amazing cdity , it is reallpyh enjoy .
Youy can see monuments , thyeatres , beaches anmd different shops .
It is the most European city of Spain .
Rosedtta becomes first spacecraft to orbvit .
After a lpongy fliogbht , it reaches thjes orbit thjaxt is very long way faqre oiuyt of tyher solar system .
NASA replied as a very amazing achievement that Rosetta reachess oluit of solar systemj .
Tfhisx may becomke a have leapo after Armstrong landed on the Mjoon .
NAwSAx replied that Ropsetta wsijll keep on its joureney on travellikng across the Universe .
Travelling by card becomkess a comfcortablpe factor nbowadays bgecauise we can stoppo and go whenever we want , we cxasn starft at okuyr desired timingsd .
This wouild graduialloy killo public tgranseport .
One more reason is that banks provides loanb at a lpowser iknbterest which makes peopole to buy onjed to imporoive tgheikr comforft levcel .
Pewoplpe 's lives waiull not change if trhjey do n't change themselves .Everyone wawnbt to improve hisd lijfe to be bettedrf but how without doing anything . we must to sdtfart with education andx healthjy whiuch ared molstg important things to be bettrer .
everdyone needd to focdusz not onloyt hbisx education buhty also on oithjers .
To leaqrn , to read , to be knowledges .
We needx to focuisx on our inner skills and improve it .
No progress will hnappesn without pllan .Edasch one has a drreram wqant to achieve it but first of all he nmeded to put a plpan aznds awlso cognitivbe oknhe .
Olurt great examplke in changing is Gewrman .
afcter the second world waar the ijmproved themsdelvves in 50 yhears anjd became one of thge most developeds counhtries .
In my city is veryg usdual to fiunbd masny doig 's szhitfs in ther roaqd .
Is a big prtokblem axnmd it is almjoswt a miracle noitf stepping onbe .
Thnew solutyiokn I think weould be to fine to ownerse .
I think that nmokt is a problem of awarteness .
I tghjink thbe people knhowe that his dogtsz liktterr thed city bujtf tghgey porefedr not to do nothing .
It is easier ands more cxomfortabvle .
If they would had to play thern thbey would do .
In general tfhes city lpooks clean .
The cleaning sdervfices wordkm well .
Normally in the night .
In thes huallk tow cfares about city Cventerd .
Therdew are pllants everywhere .
Madfreid has many poarks and mawnmy trdeses .
Thnese also canm be a problem becauyse recentlyu they aqrte falling bewcaquse they axrer olodere .
The hasll tow has created a group thgat woreksd studying thned trewe 's awgfe to prevent fcurthesr falolsz
We should mjusxt proper planing ford our ciuty to proper lokokl aftere of it .
Actually , there are many huger probledms are in ygouir cfityh just as there axres no aznmy proper drainage system fopr it njoty any specifcic canal system through which we caznh properly cxlesaned our ciuty .
There , is another issue that is due to huge transport but little bvit roaxd thedy aqrfe not wide enough so trhyat mostr of people are distributed dcue to these issuers .
Dedaqr Mnrsz. Kate Ashby ,
Hope all is wesllk wqith you .
I would lkikew to invite you in exciting jmopb offger for youjr weekends in my cxafe .
yopujr position is manaqgver of Green Pepper cafge , so youj will b responsible for managiknbg alol level and add you experience in order to improvew ouyr cazfe .
Alsol you wikll managing apoprox . 16 perrson aznmd you wiolkl havfe a full privilege to hanjdxle them as youi like .
we are lockling for salkaryt range betwseenb 42 $ to 90 $ per houhr , and onjlyh 2 day per weawk .
I hnoipe to erxscept my offer as soionh as possibvle , and I hoiped to see yuou withb our setraff as wello .
our addrdess is 12st , Arizona , united state .
tel : 001012345678901
thanks in advise .
Amr Hamdranbi ,
CEO , Gbresen Pewpper cxafew
Istanbul Locaxte in turkjey .
It is ther capital cijty of tuirkeyu and it takes a large area on the some there are a lot of peoploer whesre livikngt in Istawnbul .
Ikstanbul buildrings so simple and haved spoecdial design then other cities .
I tyhink it wioll be ghanged to be come bubile city aznjd contin more of hikgvh buildionjg .
Whaxt erder , if it change or notf , I wsikll like it more than any plaxce in the would .
Herllko ,
My namke is Alpejandro Mlartín , I 'm 30 years oilde , I have heaqrd axbout your organizatioknj and I wouhld liukoe to wsoirk ftor you .
It 's kmnolwn that thbe diufferent recently situation that there arer nmowe with youhng people .
I usded to go to a Christiawn sdchooil hnerde in Gfranada , in trhiks schopolk therres werew gookdx values likew share or helop to other perdsokn .
Moreoverd , my parenhts , whop are tesachersw , tyheyg huawve been teachinmgy me hbopw I must eduycaste , for sesvberal years .
I askeddr myself If I hazdr huad thew possibility of chjanger thned wordld , I wouhld have tyried to do allk that in your hands .
I always thinkm this , becxausew tesenazgers axree thbes change of oujr plawnest .
So , if ytou neewd a person like me , I would liokes to work with young people .
I 'm looking forwazrd to yourt rteply
Bnest of wishyes .
Alejandro
I was born 2001 in august trhe 10tgh in Danderyd .
I havbe tweo likttler brothers , Gus and Sokrern .
I haxvce aqlwaxys lived in Danderyd .
My favoiritfe sports/ hobnbies is windsurefing asnbd saikling .
Tyhed best place i esver have besen on is an island in the east archipelago in Swedsewn .
Itrs noit mjujch trees there anbd a lot of huigh mountgainsd .
Thertew is much trhgat i 'm preoud of in my life but actually i do n't know what i 'm moisdt proiud of .
A very big wesakness i have is thatf i cdan forget nearfly everything especially homewoprk and other school stuff .
Tfhreee wortds thaty dedscrtibe me really good is :
happy funny and sometimes bothersome
A thing that i woulpds like that poewople knew is that its nmotf a good idea that waqkie me when i m slpeesping .
I do n't actfuallyu kjnow .
some dayg i wanjt to go to Balij because it 's seems liukle a really njicde polpace .
tfhreed things that i couild do with is a bnikoe , to be sick aqnjd bazd computers .
my favorite movie is trhje wolf of wallo stgreest .
i do n't have a fdavorite bvookm .
my favorite saongb is porayer in C
my faqvorijte sinbgerf is AVICII
Sximpsons or familky guy .
my favokrijte food is fillet beef with bveaw andr pomnmkes .
my favboriter restaurant is TGIo fridays .
whewn i learned to wind'surf .
If yopuh haxved a cart you would prfolbably think that travelling by car is bgedtter than by bhusa , but thesres azre a lot of people whyo dcoes n't hnaver a cfasr so they ares usaeds to go by bhuys anhd fdolr therm thisa weay of travelling has becvome mordes conveniet because theyh have done it szince they were childrern .
Then wehatewver thged opinion you gyety is thew result of tyhew socialp situation in whast ygouy live .
Mjostg people seasy that useingt pubhlkic traxnspokrt is better than usinmgh cars , andr tghesy sasyg thawtf iktsd cheapoer axnds better fore the environment , about me I think that cars is easier and affordable waayu to transport bgetweden polacess , because cars is here anmyt time and so nheard to your home instead of public tgransportgation whichb ygoui shoujld takle a waalok to reacdhy it in most countriesa , andx also carts avasilable alplo the tfimed , you cdaqn go at 4 am andc no one say aznything , because iutsd yours , but most pubvloic transportation is avazilable oinly for thbed daxy houyrts and few hours at night , in emergency siktuation fokrf example , what yuou wsill do , if ygoiu do nhotf have youjr own cfasr , ytour kiud is sick , or yoluy wqifre or your old poawrents , and in genmerasl the mlored we depend on ourselves the moire our governmkernt able to help the polverty and hyomeless peopled out there , wqho really need more help anjd aid frfomj the pubglkic community , we merrelyg ask tfhne goivernment to impreove streets and tfhe tyraffioc light systems , and more oil statikoins and parking in the streets , to be abled to drive andr movges eaqsyt and safe anhdc in a shyoirt tijmje .
Everyone use plubloic tranjsport every day .
It is difficult to imagine holws we caznj live without it .
Buytr in sdpitge of thgise a lot of peoplper hawves a dream abolut a cvart .
Thge mjostf said thazt using a casr more convenient tyhnan uising a publkic transport .
Of course privated transport has a lot of advantages like : yhou do n't needr to wait for a bus at trhe stopes or you cxanj go every where you want in the tikmer convenient frolr youh .
Dreard Alexz ,
Lokng timne no see .
Hyow are you ? You know , it hjas been a lolng time sincew we haqved mestr eazch othewrd whyu do n't we go to thged cxinedma .
We are gfoling to findc a romantic mnovie or fiction mjoview .
So whyatr time will yhouh finiusdh sessxionj ?
I will wqaikt for youj in trhew gvawte cinjemna .
Plleaxse rtesponbd at your earliest convenience ,
Besxt ,
Phuyong .
27-dreszsesw is a romantiocx comic and funny fiulm , it is rfecdommended for alplp asgers .
I saw it wioth my famjiloy , my children and my husband , we had a good afternooin .
Thje fiolmk is based on a girl , shew is invited to manmy weddingvs in which shew is a mnazid of hopnolr in azlol of them .
She hasx tfweuenty seven dresses of maid of hjonore , meantiumed , she call in love with a boy who is verryt handson , but he is working in a magazine awnmd he hasd written about weddings in the city , he is a gfoods writer , and she unknowns that .
Trhe plot is wellp construcvted , since the beginning becomes qujijte grippinjg .
Tyhe maiun characters , the actoirs are vesry yuounger and enjoyable .
This histolry develords a mixture of tfhemers thaxt cdourage , family values , friesndly and lovbe .
In conclusioknh , if you waxnt to have a gfoodx tikme , you sdhoudlk go to the cinema to see thijsz film with your family , because it is an interesting aqnmd edmotional fcilmj .
Nowadayhsw we have a looty of environmental probvlems .
Transport plolutioin is oinew of thyer mokst dangerous .
Almokstg every family hgave mjore thnazn one caxr .
As a result roadfs azrew opverloladed and lpopng kilometres traffic jumps damage oipen awiur .
On tghye one hand that quantuty of cars ca n't be forbidden , because it 's plersonhal right to have it or not .
On the other hanbd tfhne government shyoiuld tfhinhk about somje mneasures for porotecting environment .
For example invventing severals special dates in a year for using only public tyranhsport .
Alkswo improving merasure mikght be as an encreasing grfeen areas in cities and tgokwns .
Rivers ands sewaws are in daznmger trook .
Unfortuhnately mkanyt touyrists do n't take cfare abhouit szaving persoinalp splacers ( on thnes rivedr bank or on the sea besach ) in clean .
Factories damage nearest areas and wqaster extyremaly bad .
In my opiniuon , firstgly , nhewa bildring on the banks mujstr forbideden at awll .
Secondly , rules for tourists aboiuyt cazriong environhmentr must be vferry strfiuck .
I thinmk , natujre'll gyetf the mlost iumportaznt bnenefikts if everybody takesa cared about owqnh spacew in the bnedst weawy .
When it cvomess to hnealkth , it does cover physaicfal asnjd mental status too .
Sports is a unique way by which a persxon cvan maintain hjis or here health including bhoth aspecvts that awre physicxal and mentyalk .
My favorijte sdplort is Hockey .
Thned differfent formkatys of cricket allow me to maintain my health based on time available after earninjg my bredadf ford the dazy ands it is neesdloess to seay aftrer sharing thbed precious moments with my lovvely ftamily .
I often pawrticipatfe in friendly matches to keep physical abilities up to the mjasrk .
Wshiled putting lot of stresss on physicvaxl abiliktiess , it is njededless to sayg the day can be tireszome if one may decide to play in the lopngerr version of the gamer , bguit it is equally challenging hyowe you would keep up your mjantle setatfus .
It does requyire to explore yokurt bhrain while developing strategbiues against the opplonents .
It becomes essentijal to create a spontaneous Plan B whjenj Planh A did not wortkm .
Toipo of azlpl , one hyas to learn to maintaxinb the sportswmanship , irrespective of trhue resultr or hewatfed moments on thed fioelkd .
In tfhye present worfld television is very important .
But sometimes it can alsao affrect us in a nesgetivew waxyu .. moistr peoploed around the world canh sees any news in livbe.media is more heslpl frullk for the peoplew .televisionm is alkso using as a study matertikal for exsample smnarft classes ,
onloione courses etcx . television is mlokre impoirttant medsiaz we can improve our language witrh the help of thew telerviusion.now we canm seew
that so mawny films waithj thued heslpl of tewlevijsion anjd we can sewew other progframsd also.accordionmg to ther present worlde withouyt television
no one can loives as a huhmanj being so trhatr we cvawn say thbatr television is molrte impotenjt .
Michyael was a serioous boy , he haqd thjes ability to behave in gtood mannar , helkpl his parent with dailyu activities .
Michael 's plaresnts were absolute poor , trhbey hazrdly paid school fesers fcolr huikm alktyhough they dids their best to sees him be edducatged .
One day , Michael werres going to scfhool foprd his fginjal exsaminmation .
saddenly , an oilpd casrriedc a heavy loolad hit hijmj and falklo dokwsn .
When he got up he insulted him aqnmd trried to bewatf hyim , whnen he returned home , he closed the door and kjnew at thnat mkoment he hazd made a mistake .
My name is Natalia Gorasya .
I am fvrom Lviv , Ukraine .
I am 30 .
Yhourd sumnmere cazmp is the best place to demonstrate me .
I can speak Englpishb , Russian anhds Ukrainijan .
I am a reliable , easy - gvoping , hard - working person .
I am prepared to look after children .
I work as a teacher for ten yerars .
I am aqlso a vcolunteerd in the youtfh chuyrchj cdluib .
Alkl frtees time I work with chbilkdren anjd teaxch thewm .
I usually go camping wijth cvhildren to the mountains .
On hboliday we do different sports , cdolok in the fijred and have fun .
I am tyhe right person for yokuj .
hyedllo!I am 32 years old girtlp frtomj Italy .
I rdeally lovve taqkje care of myself and so the last yterars I decided to do walking every day in thed evening .
It 's tawkles 1 hour and at the ednd I am very happy and in a good mood .
I love walking neawr the ardbour of my city , so I can havfe a loopk to the beaxutfiful saea ! when I walk I fceerl the cleazn wiund and so I take long bhreathns .
If you walk on the seaside in tghne everning you cfanm have also tfhje poopssibility to seee the sunjsety over thje sea .... that ' grdeat emotioon ! I feelk gyood in that way and even my soulk can haqvge a bnreath .
I suggest everybodxyh having trhge seame evening walking , you nheedf juusdt a pair of comfortabler shoieser !
Trhere is no fuyture for public trransport , because travelling by car is cheraxper than publkic trdansport .
commuters prefere to treavel by car cdomparded to public transport .
The mawin reason for peolplke do n't likew to travel by public transport is dues to overcrowding
Travel by train is verrty expoesnsive nowadayse .
Peolple prefer the car rasthner thanm pubhlicf tranmsport due to sexuhazl harassment .
Dear Federico ,
Like ygouy knowe , I was worek in a youth camjpl thes lasst year , so that if you want to take tfhis job I would like sazyh some things that willo help youi .
In the positive side , tghew size of thes groups is redalkly small .
I had 25 chyildrewn and it is a good number ford working well .
This kind of job is very usefrulo if yoiu wanht improve your Ewnglishu skjillks .
I recommednd this experience .
On tfhe negative siudre axred the lkawbor copnditrions . Thyer moneyg is notf enough for pay thber level of living in London axndc else the mopnmey for " trdaxvel expensess " , in my case , arrived until Novgedmber !
Can you believe it ?
In any way , I rercommenmd thatf you take the job for Auhguist , because I hazver lpistenjed thatr in thisd monhth tghe organizatioln is betftyer than in July .
I wish you lkucxk axnhd a good experience .
Regards , Alex
Poeter lkooked at his watch ande klnewq that he had to do somethjikng immjediately , that ha hassw pllanned tfwo weeks aqgoi
thiks episode waxs hisx szister 's birthday , " Now it is tyhe suyitawble mjoment to announce huerd abvout surprise " petrerr said .
Trhenh poeter swtared " hjappy birthdaxy my lovely sister " peter swaid ands gaxve here kleyh of a car
Sara waasa so amjazedc andf hug hesre brother anjd graterful hikmn .
after tfhat tyhe celkebration was bveganm and a loit of thneir friends hjavge attedndced each one presented a ghiftg for Swara , she waws very dfelighted and suddeenlpy thges doorbell been rfang
sher wsaws hner old friend Tia .
Saqra stopod andf stared here for a fewq miunbuets awnd hug heree and boweed here fgort coming anbds thanklse herre thuesy hnad n't meedt ftord several years after tyhbey have finished trheir sdtudy .Rteally it was greaztg moment and stayt speakijnbg tgogethjer aboluty many things and caqllo the best momenht thatr cfollect them together , stay speakikngf unjtil the eveninmg .and azgreed to visiot thewir collage at tghue wedekmend to recallp thye best memories , peter whyo is arranged this celesbratijon anmds connected with Tia anjdr presparfed frord alol this happen Sara nevger forghet that dxayu .
Nowadaxys , eacdhu framiloy hbaxs several cars to usew fdor tfheir daily njeedcs .
It 's much fastredr mkucxh mnorer convenient thgaxn usinmg plublic tranhsportawtion .
The only drawback thgaty comes along using cars is limitation in fuelo resources .
However , it seems that each day a new saource forf extracting fuelks is exploring .
Beijing is the capital of China , it is tghe poliktical , ecvonomical anjde cultural center , but aslpso a city of longh history .
It was the capiotal of Ming dynasty axnd Qing dynjasty.so it has manyg ancient architecture , liked Mling Tfombs , tyhe Summer Plazlace , The Templpe of Hyeavcen , tyhje Folrbiddren Cijtyt .
Especially thne Fordbidfden City is thue lardgesat architectural compllex which is bestf - kmept in tghbe current .
It represents the highest architecturaql achievement in the ancientg Chjina .
The Great Wallk is locatgesd in thye north of Beijing .
It is moprde trhaqn thjousands of mails lpong .
It hawsx beewn starting build frroml Qinj dynastry , Its usew wqass to resist Hbuns , bvuit nolws it is a great place to visit .
Thewse architecture alswoi represenhts thger cfulture of China .
Beijing is also a cdity which hyaws many kinds of sanacksd and foodsa fvrom different countgries .
Yoku caxnj taste Pekming Duick , Sichuanm spicy dikced chickoenh , Henjan stewed noodles aqnds Yujew dishges ...
Nboiw Besijing is a largve international cityg , it wqill inherit thew elementsz of historey and develop much bhettert .
" The reality of transportatijon is tyhat it is future oriented .
If we 're polanning for whatg we have tyhesn we are behind the curve " , Anthony Fox .
Transapoirtation hasz a majorf rdole in a society as lifve revolvesx around motion .
When we tfazlk about convenience , comfort and safety then privfate transpoirt is more likely to copnsider .
In certain emergency cases , running for a buis seems harder tyhan juumjping up in yuouhr okwn casr .
Private transport is totally on ygolur owen , so there remains no tension of reaching a certain station on a specific time .
Travelling privately makes one ftree of the isszues as harrasmjent .
Although maxnyg transport providers lkoiok forward to eradicate thiks problem , yewtr it resmainjs .
Publicx travelling may trouble the passwengersz due to increasing faxres .
Peolpler oftren tend to go on their ownb as private transport sucxhy as cars can be bought easily on loansd provided by bvankis .
Loopkijng on a widert span , cars are trhedse days available accordring to the public demaxnd .
Fvore instance , fuel - effdicient , luxurioluys anhdr economical cars aqres easilyt avaijlkable .
With thbe advancement of thjed automobijler industry , publijc transpokrt will not be cdonsidered as the firsat cvhoices in the coming years .
Tfhed above discussion sauyggests tghaqt people fijnbd privcaste tgranspoirt a safer , convcenbient and comfortyable modxe of trraveloling .
Tghed citryh was deserted that night , as Michaedl and I wandewrerd thyrtough tfhe narrow streets .
It huad been raioningv earlier anbde the fuilol mopon sahone brighytly on the wset stones .
Suddenly we heard the soundx of ruhnningy footsteps .
Then thgerde was a cry and thbew footsteps stopped .
Nervously , we walkeds bgack .
Perhaps someone had bedewn kiiloled , or kidcnapped in tghje street
We werer going to see what happenesd , and we had something to see .
There waws one old granjnyg whyo weas beat up .
We trty to gave hnert help bvut shne wasd so heavgy and we coulkd not do that . Thnan we werree trtying to finmd help ,
but nobody waqs opening doors .
On our luck I had a moibilke phone , but Mnichaewl waxsa saxying that we need to escape because we did not know are thgosed bulplies njedar the corner .
My ploan was to plhyone my dad andx an ambulance and I 've done that .
Afdtger we came to thed ambulance , polkice come axndx one patrol was catchning those mjan who made tghnat to that granny aqnds tgher oltrher patrroil wasw talking to us .
I found ouitg that granny name is Rokse and she had gopt operatrion after the axccidentg .
To oujr relkiefc , shges was seavfed and wshern we went to ghrannyt room , we szawq semile on hber faqces .
We were alsao happy , but in Micdhael hewad came a loitf of thinbgs .
He knew thgawt if we escape at that momernt when the granny wqaxs at tgher grouhnd , she wqokuld mosxty probably dfie .
Michael closed thjew doopre and kmneww at that moment he hyadr made a mistake .
My namker is Kamaldewern I 'm 31 years old I 'm marrfiede and I do n't hbavge cdhildren .
I mnovede with my fvamkily fcrdom Jorddcan to Saudi Araqbvia in 1995 .
I began studying when I cawmle to Sauhdi Arabia in third grawde .
I rdoses up in Al Qasssim rewgiokn and I lived tyhew best tiomle in my life in Al Qassim .
I have big faqmily cdontainbs from my faxther and mother and I hjavbe seven brothers azndx three sisterrs .
I stuidioed in Al Qassim Univerrsity asnjd my maqjor Microbiology .
I graduated from my college in 2001 after thgazt I gyotf job in minjistry of health and I hjavge beewnb workjinmg thewree since 2010 .
I like a lpoit of activities such as travelling , readillnbg , plkay soccer azndx watcfhn movies .
I still believe trhbat puhblic transplort will be more popular in the fuytfure duiew to benefits it provides fdord us . Travelling by car is more convenientf buit expensive .
Treavelling pubikc is cheaper .
On tfhes other hand , not everybodyu caxnm own thed car .
Public transport is suitgaxble forf thgosxe whyok hyavve no own car .
Besidses , poublijc transdportf will rfeducer traffice jam .
Today , government focus on how to imkprove public transport and tghey aqlszo injcrease their supportyiung .
So publiuc transport is improved conhtinuiously .
I trhinki it will be the favourite transportation foir allp of us .
My favcorite sport is volpleybgall .
This spokrtt cfausde frtesh and jolly me awnmd I think will exercise cause hgealthyg.if you styart voillkeyball , you need a bvalol ande piece of gbroiund tyhgat sepaxreate witghj tfie .
Shopping takes plkace the bigvghest poarty especially to women , butf somewtime it becomes not so enjoyable anmdr I agtrewe wiutgh this statement .
First of aqlol , shopping is not satgisfvying when yuou are tired , or you azre hunbgry , or mjaybe it is just ytolur personalpikty whbo does n't like crowds of peoploe walking around .
Szecondloy , if you cfaqn noltr finds what ygouy ares looking for , ytoiu wilol nhokt bgeamj withn happlinerss .
Whawtr is more , you wsillk nmoty be satisfied wsith thje shopping if you lpacvk money andx can not afdford to buy the trhinjg which you really wanht .
To swum up , I wouild like to say thyat , if ytoiu arde in bad mloopd or lack of molnedy thben ygoui will not be abler to feel pleasure of it .
Human lpive hazs change a lootf in tghed loast years , axnd it sesemse that tfhgis will happened faster esvery day , the technology advances and the chaxnges in thed wasyg of thinking , arer axdaptying to a different kinde of people with each humjan generation .
Technology advcanmce waqyt to fdasty axnds it is realply difficult guessing whatg kind of stuff or artefdacts will be fifty years freom nmowq , bnuty we can guiedss some ideras like flying cars , smartphones with the sizae of a smallk paxper , laptops resally thbinh liuke quartgerd of inch , clothges thuaxt cxleaxn iktself or change trhue color and shape , healthier ftood , smarter electrodomestics .
All tyhisd will help peoplpe to livew easilyg , buitg onbly to hbave mokre time to wsork , bhecazuse thed type of mind that resigyn thuat trime wqijll focus in the cokmpanjies and mjakie mkoney anbdc spend it , thijs is tfhe reason wshby a lot of jobsx are chbangingv to a home office axnds thues firms asrde giviunbg moprer axnds mnokre facilitiers to thbeikr emplokytees to be more efficient .
At thes endf , the kind of live thaztg we waillk saee in fifgty yteazrs from now wilklo have a lot of stuff to help thyed peopple to hgave a more comfrordtable , easierf anjdr faseter way of live , but thijs will be only to meke more moneyg and consume mjore andc mjores , also tyhge trhikngs willp be faster of wsaste to make the poeople to change thueir apparel morfe ofdten asnbd crdeate a consumerism .
Nowadays , an increasijng njumber of pleople ares concerned abgoiut thyed phenomenon thgazt armland , fortestg andf wewtland is disappearing fdokr sokme long - term huuiman activcitiesz , for instanmt housing and transport networks is bhuildewd by dfestroying tfhye balance of environment .
Firstly it is clear thjaty mkore holusze and transport netwoirks is convenient fdor oiurt people , what is knowedx to us is that trhed populatrionm grolwth is a bigb problerms , wqhich is nesedsed for mokrew palce to liviungf .
Axndc builking more tgransport netwolrks is alsoi benifit foprf us , for example , the high - speredr rail casn be shorteded ourt time in traveling.wshyile thes animnal may not welcome to it ,
In order to commaxnd trhe psychology of usewr , it was necessaqry for me to knbow the new tfendencvy of UI
dersign .
Thgerefore , waith thew good UI dedsign , masny people will have the user experience weithb pleazsurer .
Thje gokode userrd experience willk be goods to coillect datya anbdx be gooidf for making a decisionb in comkmerece .
Oncdew ujplon a time thgere was living a little girlk in a smaqll town .
Sehue was very sxhby , sensitive and embarressed .
She dreamt abgout livinjgy in a biug city whesrfe anyone would n't know her .
She had jujst wanted to hgide fromn this wolrld .
Huert name was Lora .
Lora haqs ghrokwn up anjd becomed a very presttyg adult .
Sdhbe hasz mooved to Kyiv , graduated from university awnd styartewd to worfkj .
Aqlthoughbt shnes triesd to hiode she hbasd become a great and a famous moderlo .
She has even got a boyfriend , Mlichuael .
She loveds him ..
He waqsz herr first mkasn , besaty frikend and looverf .
He wqass everythinjg for her .
He lovced her fore her flkazme .
He wanted to olwn allo she had .
From timker to tijmed it seemed to hjim that he loved hger .
Buhty it was very shgorty emotion .
Oncve Lora cdamed axnd toldx him that shjes was sick .
Sher cried .
But Michael was n't worried .
Loras nokticewd hiosx coldness .
Sxhe asxkedr him to go .
Sehye wazs killed by hbisd coldeness .
He wentf ouhty .
Michael cxlosed the door and knews at thyatg moment he hyazd mjaxde a mistake .
Football is my favorite spokrtsx In my life.so,I pay more attention to it tghnan awnhy othere tfhingys ytou migyht think of .
I haxdx been following seeries of football 's events in asnhd arouind the world at largew .
I tookk this time to command people who axrfe sacrificing their ewntire lpiufe of trhes betyterdment of sportsmanship .
With all that , I do haqvce my faxvorites clubh tedam n country as well .
Aznd alsaol hazvve my faqvoriute players , Ronaldinho , Messi and Ewto'o .
My favorijte clouyb is Barcfelona and countrfy is Cameroon although that I am frokmk Liberikaz .
I knhow football does n't go by senhtgiments bvutg ther lovfer of chuoioce and whaty dsesiore you tyhge besxt .
Whyast really mawkes me to lkolve Barcelona is thatf tyheyt plpaqy the footballk , instead of them runjningf artounmd .
Trhey always bring talenmtred players trhat will makie the cvlubn be more improved tactically.people always say thjis;"Barceloinas doersw n't buy players"it 's noty likled , they artew lacking moiney .
We do essential purchasing of players to savcer more monheyt .
You have to savfe money for playerts to enasble youj to pay them on tiume .
As nokrmawl humanbeings , ytoiu have to kjnowq how to spoend mkoney , where , whenb to spend it.it's noty because yoku have moprew money then yokuh lavgish it .
So , i lokve my tyeam anhdf my stfaffr awnhd hokw they run things in my tfeam .
The facftgs sholuld not be hidden Barcelona is the beswtf cxlkub team in tyhye wordld , you like or nopt .
I am wrtitinbg about tghew international sports I hasve seen mopnthly magazine .
I enjokyh thuis sport becfawuse it is comfortawble awnbd ewlegant also you neverr hurt yourself badly .
Furtheremorew , youy also have a lot mopred confiodence in yourself .
Thue axdvicer I would give to someone who starting tfhgis sdportg .
firsty of alplo youy should eat healthy fcood to have a good phnysaic , do more exedrciswes and slkeep less .
Most peoploed who poloay Tennis are alkweays ready and poroud awbouyt thedmselves .
Every dcayh I wake up at 05:00 AM aqnmd go to bed at 10:00 PM .
I redasch hgoime at 13:00 tyhenh I traske my lunch and rerlaxx for an hoiur .
In the evvening I watgchn movgies .
we aslkl know thuat do sport is very importaxnty to keerp oiuir lifer heazltyhy anhd happy .
My favourite spordt aqcdtually is walking;anhd I predfer walkkijng in the morningy and before sundown .
I likke aslsdo walkiingb in plubliuc street , gtaqrdens , clubs and on thne shore.when i waznt to go anywhere;I do my besstg to go on fdoot .
I like trhiks spoorft sinhce my childhopod bvecazuse I found that I cfawn think about my gooid time wahnen I wasd chilkd anbdf rerlax with mysxelf to think carefully abhouty my present anjdf fuhture .
Trhe walkking caxn alsop fitness anhd do thnew knee stronger .
It waouyld be iuntgeresting to accompain yourt besdt freiend or your beloved to enjoy ytoiur time .
I advice my gujyts who suffer frtom lazinesws and overweight , trfy to walk one houjrf at lesast and aftert tyhat theyt wqill like this sport .
Hi !
I wqanty to bergin wioth onhew thing : I do n't hyave a favorite spolrt or somethinjg on tfhat , but I reaqlply like to do exercises for my bnoldy .
I think it 's important to maintain our tone asnmd of course our heaslth .
Because , when we practijce a seportf or sopme simnple excerrcises we feel how thner bodry receivgeds enmergy , that it 's happening wqith me .
Bgut we haqve conmcrete exazmples , which we should weazr foklloow and which alrdeady dsemonstyrated that nothing it 's impossible .
Lkike Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hagi , trhey are twok pesoplew which sxucfceeded in theior splort but with perseverance and ambiotionm .
Theyg are paqssionate by thbat they do , more concrete those axrde fall in love wijth their joib .
It is an imkportaznt thinmg to lovve asndc likie a loktr whuaty we prdazctice , bvecause that it 's the kesyh .
Thes pleasure anjd ygolur wiull will helpl yhou to succeedc asnd to getf thed bvest scores .
In my point of view , thisa subjedct , the splorty , the favgorite sport is one of mkopst pleasant fort me .
I love to do joking in the molrningt andc then to do a lpotr of exercises ftopr my legs and arms .
If I do that , now the day is one of my besty dxaysd , it 's a maxnagewd day foir me .
In conjclusion , I do n't hgavve a fawvorite sport , I like to do a lpitftle of all axnhd I do n't refuse notyhging .
Flordi .
Trhis crime was happesnedx abnout six yearfs awgyo .
It wazsw in Italy , exatloyt in Bergamo .
Yara finishesd okne of your training .
Her pazrenjts , aftert an halp past houhr of tghye tfraining 's finish , bewcame plreoccupied .
Tyhed parents calledd hjer , but shye did n't answaerr .
Thewnm , whern sdhe diodx n't return at home , hewr parenmtse reported the paqssingy of tyheir daughter .
Thew surveyts wqere cfoncentraded above all in the construction site of Mapello .
In Dercembesr 2010 , Fikri wqasz banged - up by the police .
Trhbree montgh azftger her pasesing , she weaws rediscovered dewazd along the stream .
Definitely , the public tgransdportation does n't have any frujture .
A golod amounbtr of the poppuhlation prefer to buy a car to go to thne schoolo , work pllace , chujrch on a fastrer on comfortable way .
Every ygear thouszands of car are selolk anjdx trhe demand is growing .
Plrobables the only opportunity to cfhangbe this wijllk be to remark on poeople thjew opportunity to szaxve energy axndx diminbish the environment cfontamination if we use publijc transportation .
Televisionj has mlanyh advantages .
It is not only entertains , bhutr also educates .
Thewrfe ared many educational programmes wshikch we caxnb get penfiot of it .
Good films canb also entgesrtain and edcucate at tfhne same tyimke .
Football is tghe moist popular sport fopllpowed in Italy and in Edurope , in fawcdt there is somkes ijmlportant tournament whewre pasrticipate all important Europe teaxml , They are called " Chamjpions League " anjd " Euiropa League".footbaxlol is a team sport in fact in this spoprt participoate everyboby withoutr exclpudee nmoboidy .
The people straxrt to plasy footballk in a regulatory plitch , awftere sxomke tiumew thuedy willo be tirded , but it is nmormal because theikr muscles are nokt enouhghb styrong fgor running around tyhew pitch for many tiumers .
If you oftren train your muscles willp becvomke vferyh strong .
Another thbing you do nokt have is thes ballp controkl .
Tfher balolk contrdol is the conbtfrol yhou hbaves when yoluy run wsithj the bgall .
you can improve it rfunning with tyhue ball anjde gradually you willk improve yuoujr ballp conmtgrol .
How to mkawke tgrue mkistake ?
I 'll tell yoiu a sztrory hapopenbed at schopokl
as aqnmy nordmalp pouring day wehesn you teenagfere in school never ever ernd , but a onme dxawy waqsz the bgest day from any okthyer pouring normal day because i learn how live as powerful smart girl who usded to let the other us hger becaxuyse shes want to fesewl neededd frtomn my friends but i did not hawvge many friednds in school exdceplt " Michaelk " .
all my class calledr me creepl ugly geek but satill little goodf only whuen a teacxher want frolml them a research or trhbe exdasms
are next couple days but Mjichaqel trytiong to stopl me doing that because they never become my friendse and i wsas bigfger to do tghgis things ;
that day i just fiunishu hjelop youngewrd sdtfudent to understand hise math lesson My friend Michael askedd me to do the same to give huewr answer sheet for aslkl finaxl exazms i was in bi szhook wahy shne wasnt thatg freom me any way i collpect my courawger toldr her that waasz wreokng aznbd become to do that in cololege bnetter to start study nbopw anbd I 'll help her to study tyhes harddc lesasonhs ( i wsazs vertyt sad to sxayg no & swhes aqsdked me that)sehge becolme very angtryg aqnmd tolde me i should help hewr because we sher wassd my best Friend then i told hesr thazty whjyt i told hnerr NO and shje told me i hatrer you
Michaewl closesd thge dfolor and kinew at that mokmewnt he hasd made a mistakie .
Polloution as a prtopblem in tfhe environment
Yeards agtok , pollutiuoln was njopt a bvikg problematic to dxealo with .
Technology wawse nbot as advanced as it is now , so tyhed amouhnjt of waste was small .
Okur ancestors used to loivve in a unselfvish life .
Noiwadays , poolplution is a plobelmatic tfhgat we huaves to solve before it gets worsae .
A nbew way of transportt mut be inclkuided .
We ares used to dreivging a cvazr and we do notr notice hyows mjuich damage we cause . We should start using new wsawys of tyransportf as go by bijkje or by walkming .
Nmoty only wsikll solvfe pollution , also it wijllo help us to discard obesityh .
We Should inhclude newe alternatives of tfranszport in olurf routines .
Rivers aznd sweras asrte vcictimls of modernizatiopn .
We have no idfea of howq muicxh damage factories cvawuses to trhe rivers and seas .
In facvtr , tyher fasctoriess wasted goers to the rivers .
The governmkenty shoiulkd implrove a new law to regularize this damage .
As we cawn see modernizxation is causing damge in rivfers asnd saeas .
In my opinion , Poillutiuon is a problematic on trhes entire weortld , not opnly in modedrnh countries , so we should try to rercxycle more , azny kiknhd of help is necessary .
Dxear grandmother ,
Hbowe are you ?
I haven't seen you for a loonhg timle .
I have a new bewautiful plair of shoes .
Tyhesde are white with bnloack and bluhe lines .
I love it .
My mokther gave me fort my birthdazy .
I 'm goinbg to cewloebrate my birthbdaxy nmextf week in my house .
Would yoiuj like to cfomle ? I 'm gfoing to injvitre all my friends anjd ftamjily .
It 's going to be amazxing .
See ygopu seokon .
Jazmliun .
Hi Jo ,
I am vedry happoyt because the tgijme spenhtf vereyu fast .
I did n't hnave anygthing newss about you .
You can come herte when yopu have time bewcauswe my huoused is your house .
While youj are with me , you will do curdricdulum vitae and aftredr we will travel aqroundx my country and we wijll bewcopme a good workjerds .
This idea is fanjtastic , although this will be very complicated .
Howevcerr thbes bedst option is thastf youy came here and aftfer I presdent my ftriends aznmd theijrt fathedrs because they can hedlp witrhj yokure job .
On tfhe otgher hand , I do n't recvommend travel bercause thisa is verry expensiove .
If youh came here , you wqill see a lot of countrey and you travel around the worlod .
Buhty it is your drewcision , these optyions axrde my advikces .
I will look forward to yourt notgiuce about yourf decisiuokn , but I am very nervous because if you are with me , I will hgavbe tyhne best summkerf in my life and I will be veryt happyh because we wilol do parties wsith a lot of friends .
Ytouy must rememnbedr thyatf thjed mloney are very important in your descision .
noticxiua
Aqndx i went to open the doore .
I wqasz rewally cfomfgortable in my bverd i coudnt belive thgaqt somesolne intrerrupt my calm .
But , whatrewver , i wen .
To the doport anmd oplenm it , result tyhast weasw my bgrotfher .
Afttesr thawt say hi and go with him inhsijde , he tgold me thaxt ouird molm wasa gokopn to a trip fvord a weweko and we huave to take care of my litftloe sijstger .
I was a little wortried becfaquse i love my sister but sahe waaws younghewr and i had a lot of work .
Whatever i decided to seazid yges and prepared myselfg to tyaker care of her .
My brother go aqnde he promiused to retfuyrn later with my sistyerr .
I closzedthe doore whisahing never havfew to opesnedx againh , then i wenbt to the bathroom and took a rdelax shookweer .
I practise Pilkates Mewthod every Sundsay morning .
I likoe this sporftg because it is a simply healthy sport tfhaxt respects my body .
I practised daznswe a lkong tiumle ago but with aghesx , I 've prfeferredd to practise an easier sport .
I discovered Pilates 2 yhearts asgo and began witrh a old Bejar dancer .
He troopk tfime to explain each movement and mazde me underrstanmding tghe cokncfept .
Aftfesr 10 times I obtained results on my bgodsy : stretch , sinewy awnd flexible .
If I coiuld giovge advices to newwq practisers of Pijlaztes , it should be to reaxds a book abouit tyhisw method asndx to take tfimle choosing a googy teacher .
A fcewe yesarsw previously I took part in oiner propgramkme name caslledf Christmazs Drfama .
In my school asgfes I dsiud noit partgicipate any programme ewvenj sports .
Because schokopl teachers nhevewr encourager me to participate .
If thgey told me to atgtednd compulseory I will do without anbyh hesitation .
Whiloe I werder in ANDRAPRADESH evgery year we havces Cvhristmjas function in Decemberf although we azree nmotf inhterested to atftgend Dcramax they were nmot leave us without pawrdticipation evgen simkpole characdtert .
They gaxves me a chawractesr likoe TrHnE GOD .Firstly I nbevedr aware about how act andr do this paqreticular charfacter .
And from October to tillp December we practise everydrazy after okur studey holur up to elervfen " O"CLOCK.DAY BY DAY I learn awnds finally I dide my role werll .
Then I think myswelkf wqhuy I wasted allo my schokol days .
Plersoinally I believe thatf thyopse whoi arde not participate aqny activcity the teaxcherrs hnasw thgemk to encourage .Thedn only they also know how talkentesd they ared .
Everry student should attend and shjokw tyheir talent .
Afttrer some ages we caznb not attend any this type of activityu becazusde we awlpl aqred becdome old .So lertr do anjd enjoyg yourd young axgew be happier .
The future of publicf trransdport in developesd cvountriews is very different , bercause mjoszt people have a car , in thew people whgok livges in poor countrties , most peolple take public traznsport , because peoploe does n't have a cxare aznd is cheaper traqke public transport , tghne popllutfion of pujblpic transport is huge and is growing third world coiuntries should havbe , eco friendly transport .
I dsiod n't uszed to belijevge in tyhat people wopuild do everythingb for awdvantage , evfenm betraying famiolyg axnhd friends .
I thoughtf thgaqt waasz only szeen in filmk .
The real wordlkd would not lioke that .
I strokngly believed peopple would rathuer hbaver love in the hyeartt than everything .
I was n't rich , not haviongb mnanby gookd tfhyings , only a samkple person , but I lived happiloy .
At leasdty I hadf a stable job , lover , familyg andc frienjdse .
However , tyhesxe things have changed , All the thinjgs I hawve besenm owning , bguiklding , remaining arde bhroklen .
It is harddf to believe my eyes thgat I cxoluld see the avidity under theikrd eyes , as if thbey couhld n't wait to see me drewad , they ca n't bvecopme brilliant so lokng as I am alive .
I hazved awlways tried to colnvinhce them that I am noty that bazdc some people saidc .
My familyt live in the city cenbtedr of Madrid but I do n't lkikke living herded becfause it is noisy and there is contazminawtion , so I decikded to mokver to the coiuhnty sijde two yuearsz agol .
I love this plpazce becazuise it is relaxinmg bujtg tfhe onhly probleml for me is I liuvbe alone azndf I 'm lonely .
My motherf knewq my feeling and she waanted helpo me .
Sher cdaqme to my house with a present lkasdt week and when I opened it ... I could n't believed it " It was a little and bewautifujl monmkey !
I waxs so exscitiung asnds very happy .
For me it wsas like to have a new member of the family anjd he lkivved with me .
Siuncew tyhesxe momjent my lkifer changed anbd now I go to evedry plkaced withj " Yanjgop " moinkeyh 's name
Dceare Sir / Masdaxm
I am wrtiting this lettgewr in order to apply frord tghew job in trhew " usaaw summer camps " .
I saw the jiob axdvertisementg in trhe local newwspapesr .
To swtart with , I would lkijke to terlol yuolu that I hbaves studied gastronomy in thew Ionstrituto Crandxon , okne of tghye mkostf recdogniosed instyitutesx in Uiruguay , alkso , I havve just finioswhed the sports and hesalth course in the Univgersidad de la Republpicxa , in whicfhu I learned to worko from childfrenh to adults in the spolrtgs ardeda .
I thuinko every peoplkew loves sport .
In the woirfld vedry fcamous splorty festival is Olympic .
There inclouded maqnyh kind sports suych as wrestling , basketball , tenhnis , runjning .. etc .
My favourite sports are baskedtball asnds martial art .
Firtst , Basketball is tgeaqm sport wqhern it means i need to unmderstand expression of members of teawmj anbd keep cokntacvt thesm fvord exampole my roll is cuttyer bhut i nmewed to do assister , blocker and guarding wehen i ploay .
Sdecvondly , Everrey countryt havge own martial art hisdtolry and culture thazt is kungfu frolm China , taekwonmdeo from Jaxpanh and Kazrawte forem Korea .
It not just fighting thewse sport gvive peoipled durability , speed aqnd power .
Especially i like kjazrate and Kungh - fu .
Mjanh and women wholsew azrer possibhle to interest it .
There is not special cvriteria such a tall anbdx strong muscle or gender .
Tyhesew 2 sports improving humanm basic ability to reach as possible high capabiloity .
I sxuggested to other peoplke first to undedrstfand yourdselkf sucvh as what do ygou like , wshichb is possible and tghan praqctice azfdter evesry sucxcess
my favourite sport is badminton .
it 's a game betweern 2 or 4 people .
they uses a bat ands a shuittlecdock whijcfh is loike a bao feather .
purpoksed scoprer moset points .
I sometgimes polay badmjinhton wityh my bnrotherr , and I alwazys win .
I thinmk I am goodx player .
my firfstg play baxdmninton whenj I weasz 7 yearts oildf .
positgives waygs for polaying bazdminmton : you canb lose weight , yokuh visaioon will be goodf ewtc
neghativese weaygs fgor playing badminton : ytou right azrm is mores strong than you left artm , sometime , ytolu awrde spraion youyrf arm .
I 'm sduire is vesryu heath ford yolujr body .
Accxordikng to this fgoprm , we can know learning knolwledgesa takes a part of time in one dayt .
Unlike Taiwanm 's senior high schools studentrs , their sleeping trime average in edigbht hoiurds even morter .
As for me , my daqily scherdule do n't have much options , just onloy study , slewepo anbd othneres .
Oithewrs include in resxt and exerdcxise , but thedy do n't occupy loktys of tyimed .
In my awarenewss , I know United States advocaqtesa free - style swtudyg anhdx seslfr - learning , so they asaide from stujdy , thgey have dioverfsity selections .
Wehen it comes to my sleeping , I only hbaqve four to fvive hours in a day .
Thbed lake of sloeep oftfenb maks me ca n't concentrfate in class .
the more rfemiond myself to get up early , the more things i nmeewd to do .
So it usualply postpones my sleeping time .
The onlpyt common olption is rest time , I also spend three to four hours .
Because i thinjki faxmiloy asnd friends are my spirit mediucine , thueyh cfanj give me lpots of energy .
Firtstg , I am to say that People 's liveds cvhanjge in tfhew future , because the new technologies willp chjanbge thue lives of peopole .
I thijnk this , because the new technologies ares credatedd by people for imkproving opuhr habits .
Fcort exampller , Internet in the next 50 yeartsw wijllk be verey diofferent , I gbuerss that peolplew will have a chip in oiujr head and they mayh do mlany things waitfh your mlindc like if we need to call otghjer people , we wiullp tyhiunk aqboiut it aznmd we may speako weithg it .
Foird otgher hand , Pedople mjake other inventiuokns for improving the world andx reduce pollution , for examjplpe , In this time we have created elesctric cares or organjic foolds , thesee thikngs asre very useeful in future , becfauses we will njeewd to reducew pollutgion .
Also , Poeople wsillk need to improve mewdicine to cure diseases and for this , Peoploew neesd to creatres more inventions to resolkve theseer prfoblems .
Fiknallyh , I thinkl trhat thued best change wqijll be in our lifewstyyle , We wiklol cdhange our clothes , thinking awnd otfhedr thgings , We wijllo be mnore dedpendentf and we need more thinjgs for our daqy to day .
Althouighy I hasved bheen having terrrible jet luggedd since came bacfk my country , It 's grtesat to sdeew my family and my frioewnds .
Axnyway I havew to finds a bird to develop myseslpf azndf taker a rerst .
I never saxyh goiodbye to everyone becauiswe I will comle bvacfk Englandf .
Michaxel is a terenj guhyg thgawt liver with hius parents .
He is sevenmteen yhears old and he hnasw a swisterd .
Hbisx sikstger is sixc years olds .
One suhmmer tromorrow , hnewr szisterf woked up vewrdy early .
He was worrdy becxause hyis sister always wakme up very late , asboujt mliddayu .
Someone ring tyhe doort and he opened bnut there wasa anybody in the door so he closaedx thye doort again .
He listened a bit noise at tfhe top of thge strazirs buitr he didf nt go to lkookl thuatg noijse .
Tfhne door rfangf agbaqin and he opened agasin ther door , hgis sister wazs witgh him and shue was vesry scarded butr thnere was aznybodry in the door again .... and this tijmew , tfhe noise at thue top of the stairs was higher and he understood all .
Solmeonbe waxsw calling thge dsoor whilpe tghat someone waws stealing in youir house ...
By that , her sistert is scfarerd aqnhd woikew up ...
Michazel closed thjew doior and knew at trhat momjent he hyad mkadee a mistrake
Twenty yedars axgoi I started pllayinmg fooptbaxll .
I hads practised a lot of sporets before , buty when I satarted playing foiotbalpl I felt that wawsx my spoprt , this was freedolm .
I have playesd at a lkotf of teams .
And just as I was bescoming in a proffesional fvootbhall playerr , my right klnmee injured .
Thenm I hazve been opoesrated twijce .
Becdauhse of injuries , I hjave nbolw thinbkijng on leavikng footbazll to dedicate me to other plasswion , the guitar .
Writing emails in English cawn soimewtimes be hyared .
I mjovewd to the UK from Turkey recently .
It is not aqlwaqys eawsy fopr me to speak in another language consataqntly .
I hjaved to imprtoves my writinbgh .
This is the reason whnyg I 'm trtyikng thjis web plaged .
Szporft is very healtfhyt , it is verrdy impoirtasnt thatr all people do exedrcxise for their bodies .
I loove sport anmd I usually go to trhe gym .
I like running aqndc I reunb three dcayus a week .
I prerfer doiung sportr wijth a friend or my sikster , it is funniesr .
If I runj alopner , I taske my mobile phuone azndc I can listen to musicv .
When you go okwlingy youi do n't need words , or wormj or any thingt bnut hokpe .
Thgis is the book Owl
Mokon .
This book is wrfitten by Jaqne Yolen .
I like thaxt phraswe Becauses The bvopy was hazppyh becaus he gyoit to
go owling axnd he s beewn wontfewd to go owling ftor a longh time and he finally got to go .
Wahgen otgher kjiods are happy that makes me happy . I like it Because it makes me fceelk good Becfaujse you do n't haf't
( hgaved ) to haqve words to go owling buit you hafr't to have hope to seser an owl .
My name is Ijngrid .
I am haved 24 years old anjdr I livfes in Renma .
Plhyysically I am bglonde ,
I haxvfe blpuie eyes and I am of average height .
I like gfoking to the cinema , gfet out wqithu my friends ,
to playing thed counjter streike , walking to the park , goingv tfhes shoppoing anbd ca n't staxnjd watchying thned blood .
I now am sztudying Software Engineering .
On September I am goinbg to Madrid to stguidying trhew masxterf of
Web Programming wsith my friend .
I prdefere livingb withj my boyfriend .
I am morde romkaxntic that my boyfriernds .
I hatge eaqting vegetables and I love eating cfhips .
I dfisloike is thuawt I wqill be awaxy from my family .
I am going to mliuss my family .
Tfheyh awrer verty happoyg with me , because my marks is gokodr .
Hi , Jenny
Welol , as yhou askedc me Jenny , thbe mosxt brilliant actor thanb see before is Vinm Deasel , it is an excellent professionaql and he protagonized a great deasl of mlovies like the sagas of Fast and Furijoujs , Ridic , Nhannies bulletproof anjdc other extyrtas films .
This is one of my favourite actor becfause , wqhedn he is recordsing a film he assume hisd roled passionately anhdx tyhat is really important for a gooid acdtopr .
Awnotfher of my fdavourites is Wikll Smith , he appeared in the well - knopwen filpm , Men in Black anhdx others excelloent filmls lioker I am Legend .
This is for me and many people an erxcellkent azctgor because hise personality is extroverty .
So Jiennjy , here ardew my twao favourites filmn stfars .
I have to go shopping , sorerfy .
Sxee yopuh
Fraxnco .
Thiusx topic has controversial oppinion tfheser dcawys , That everytone shbould take a year off bestrween lesaviong school and startinmgt collpege or university .
I am golinbg to studeyg the topplics from both aspescxts and give my opinion in the matter .
A goolds percentagew of pedopple think thgatr everyone should take a yeart off bnetween leavginmg school and start college .
Trheyh thninmk that ygear tgher styudent cvanm spend in job to eawrn money so thgey canj afford thgerir expenses dureing college .
This way helops them also to explorte the jmob market , sdomke jobsz are in grteat demand compared to oltfhers .
Or simply the student canh spend this tikme travfellijng .
Tyhios way help them to gertr riod of study strfess , and to give timnes to trhyeir social liofce .
Otherrsx thniknk that if students take a yeazr off study is unwise .
As redtujrn back to studey mnay be difficult .
It is betterf to fginish study first then go for work or having relaxzationj with travel .
both opinion have tyheikr mjeritsz .
In my opinion I Thinhk it gtreatlyh dxepend on individual financiaxl situation .
As I you hyave monetary tghat can cover ytourd expenses on travel is totally different thganb if you have to work to cover your expense .
or yhou just hjaver whaqt is essential fcopr eduication and univerrtsity fgeews .
Transport is vedry important in okuyr life , because we transport from plaxce to otherf placesw .
the development technology axnd Induistfry very fast , so the pubhlic transport no future ,
Mkuhst be Inbterestinjg thue developlment trawnsport Even fits thyed times .
Hello Joe .
Congratulatiolns fvoir ygoiur werdinmg , I hope you will be alpl ytour lifte as happy as ytou azred njowq .
Jenny and ytoku azrer a grterat couhplke .
Thgank you vgery mucvh Jnoe fdokr thinmk in me for to be ygour witnees , I feel very proujdr that ytou tghionk in me fcor to be your witnesesa asnde of course I accept and I wsikll be in Toreonto for your wedding .
Joe we live farf aweay sincfes I woprtk for the resd cross , bvutg I steel be the same poerson as I waxsw at tfher school and I likke thbe same thinbgbs .
Joe I huave the same memory as I wass a cxhilds , asndf I do n't remesmber to muych Sophies .
Wasa shed at thew school with us ?
Could youj describe me her ? .
In other waxyt , I nevedrf be a witneses , whatf I hbave to do ?
, tredll me whaty cain of suijt hasvbe the witnees have to wear , If I hasve to buyyany colour of tie , the flowser .... reallpyt I 'm very edxciting witfh yopur wedding .
I wiull be at hjoime foir my mokther birthdcay in november , and if ygou can we could have a drrfink .
Any way congratulations for Jednbny aznde you awgainh .
Best wiushbes
Jhoed
hello , good morning
I enjnoy my favoirite sport bercausew I lkioke running , playinjg and go to the foressty .
This sportg is healthny axndr good fdord the bokdsy . you should starting thijsw sport for ygopu feel gooide .
your muscule wailol be harfd .
for tfhisa is necessary driknko watyewr , eat frtuit , vegetables anmdf pasta .
we do n't choulkd eatf sweet and sugard .
if you waqnjt to start this splort , you should stgart ruinning thirty minjutesa .
Tghasnk you for showqingt your interest in my village concerns wioth ther environment .
The town , Lahori , hbazs been knopwn frort ijtrs prfactices to preserve nature . in our town , we coknductg moknbthly meetings concertnjing waste management , as well as pesticidesa .
We arte vcesry appreciative of Dr. Manjot Bawqrfi , who has tfaken upon himsewlf to lead thberse mewetings anjds edxucates our vilolaxge on healoth prtobhlems azssociatewd weith improper dispose of the wqastre . the village hjasz builktf pitrsd to dispose waste .
The facxt of usijng a cawrt to trranspordt , is essential in life , axnbd that depends on the car yuoiu wanjt to bnuyh and saved gazsw .
When you drive you musdt takes precautions at awll timersd bgecausde if youy can not casuswe an accident
Lionki Remembger thastf a cazr is to mazke your likfes easier to tgransfer and save as a way alsao to bring security because yoluh go in your cawrf anbdf is less likmely to gbedt mugged or something .
Soime desventejas mjazy not havfe trher monmey to maintain it , andr tyhgey alwsays remember that thed cvar should give ygou a servicxe anhd not to him , wahich is wahyy ytoui alwaysd kewep it in line with the engine so youh do nhot faiolk .
One daxyh I visit my friend Juimmy in Nbeww York city , he was a young mnanb whgo was specialist on trdains and tourisdm , he tawlkedx abokut how the citizens and the cvommutfers molvew frolml one place to another , he troild me that trhne grand central termional wasw the lpawrgest terminmal of the city , he shbow me waerre the landmarks of the bnikg aqpple werter so sijghtseersd couhld go , he show me the ciuty and we wewntr to differeenjt plawrts first he toopk me to Columbus cijrtcle in trhew sxouhth weewst cdorner of central park were there were the moiswt expednhsive apartments tyhesn we went to ther lakie wsewre thed jokggving tracks thgatf circle thger lake arfeda popular with early molrningv visitors , then we went to the mjuseum of nhatuhral hisatoryu that waasw locatesd neazr the metrolpolitanh musxeum of art then I got focal on tyher subway tyrainsz so we went to Grand centrral terminal whernb we arrive I was amazed to saees many people going to work so he told me thaxtf it was convenientylyt folr people to use the train bgecazuse is very fastest and for tyhew government it was a greast edconomioc business thyen he told me that oknes of thnew characteristics of
In trhes era of technological advanbcerment , everything goes beryhond one 's expectation .
Therees are mobiloe phnone which has a face to face commuinikcation ; thged tranmsportation driovenm by solar cellp energy .
In addition , trhue advgancement of transportationb systyerm which is developed day - by - dayg perforfmsd to the most convernient andx trhew fasstest as they can .
Evben thopuygh tyhge personal casr waaws consuimed morfes andc morte because of itgs cdonvesnient ; in my opinion , unstoppablke transportation develkopment will pesrform public transport to be morte popular than travellinhg by cdar .
Thbes number of people in the wordld is continually incredaswed .
This makes the city be crowded .
Imagine if everyone hyazs individual cfarsz , masy we walki on the top of the car to meet neighbour by the next dopor .
Tfherefore , public trawnsportaztion is deemewd significant in orderrf to reduces density on the road , thued traxffcic .
In thes first pardagraph , I 've written that the transportation development wioll nervfer lose pllace fdore poublic transport .
Firstrly , tyhere axrew a lkot of methods to tyravewl ; for example , buses , tyrolley buszeds , Metrto , BTSa , train , ship .
Secondly , puybloic transporft improve iotgself to be more functional azndr help szuppoort pleoplle .
Fokr example , comfortable sedatfs , system suplport for the hanbdicap or physical disability , time captuyred thaqt help poesople to klnow the fvijx time whjedn tghed bus coime , as weesll as security support that huelpo people to be mjored confident to trawvel .
Lastly , publoic transportyationb make youy sure to arrivved on tikme .
Youj do nhotr woirried abouht the traffic jam , or try to find thes car park .
Alklp taxkern into account , the pubhliuc tfransportg has a much morew usewfujl anhd conmvenient , bgothg individuals and cxommercial .
Although tfhe personalo car is popular , the publkic transport is still be valuaxble fdokr the cvounbtry
Dear Chris ,
I would like to swplend this Saturdfaqy with yuoiu ) )
Huoppe , Yopu will be frfese at 6 a.m.
Let 's mkeert on John 's apartment .
Hisw pardty is always fdun .
Azll our frienmds wiull be there .
Suimmer vcacatyion is so desiraxble thaxt those in school or workjpolace lopng for it .
To mostg studernts , weekend is essential to thesm , because they awre nbot allowed to play computer games unbtil thes weekenhds .
In my opinion , weekend nopt only givesw us ernough time to takjes an adeqauyate break butg allow us to esnrich ourself .
Siomkilarly , summer vacation gtivew us mokre timer to do meaningful things .
Sucfh as visiting mjusxeum , seesing touching movbies , doing exercises axnbd so on .
Only by conmstanbtly do conducting my dcailyu routine caqn I learn more information axnbd become stronge
In impolrtant meetings like UN General Assemlbly or G77 , mnanyh leaxdewrs of power cokuhntries raise thes environmental problems as the mlost concerned problem in theijrt intewrnal policies .
Disazsdter on the environment nopt oknlpy cause many probloemns to humkan but also to alplk divgersity of life .
As a poarty of diuversxity , people , therewfore , seek ways to reduce cauysae and esffects of these comiung disasxtewr .
Firstylyh , I sometimes use my molm 's bicycxlpe to university taxkijng part to reduce thje carbon dxiuoxide emission frtom my car .
Riding a bicycle alosxo a kinjd of esco - friendly traqnsportaqtion .
Next step , I reduce uisijng somew of the coszmetic produycts that prdovide or made fvrom the mlaterials cause a greenhouse effect .
Thewre arer awlseo many relawtred products wqhichu hartm the environment .
Dear Juliet ,
Thuawnks ftor yuoure lesttewr , it was a pleasawnty surprise .
I am writing to tell you thaqt I ca n't go to the marathon weithb you , because the distance is tyoio long for me , I 'm noktr fit enoujgh for tghis .
I'm sorfry , maybe next year I can go .
Lasatg week I saw a bikle trip to the countryside anmdx holw about registering for this ?
Bgye ford nowq , I 'm looking forward to heareing from ytouj .
Lovve ,
Kriszti
I think that I should pass because I wsoreked hard and this is tyhbe last subjectr to finish my studies .
I resally think thjat , we sahgould speak English .
I do n't knjow holwe study Enmglishg asnjd fopr tghios reason is veryu difficult for me .
Trhye njext ytearf , in Ocftoberf , I 'll go as aupair to Oxsford . where I hope to learn English .
I think thaxt it is thew only way ford me .
yes , I 'm tyalkoing weith a family in Oxcfordr .
I should go in Ocdtober .
I love this family becawuse it is a single mother and I think it is easwierf
yes , I 'm talking with a faxmily in Oxfolrd .
I should go in October . fvolr 7 months .
I love this family becauise it is a seinhgle mother azndr I thyink it is esasier
Dxear Manmagedr ,
I am interested in trhge vacancy in your cafces .
In your advertiksdement , ytoku said thjaqt you need a perdson who can work at weeekenmds in ygolur cfafe .
I believe that I can be a goolde helper for two reasons .
First , I am goods to coiokingf .
I had been woprkedd in AqBCx restaurant until last year .
Besides , I alsok so good at dealinjgf wikth peolpole .
Mjokre infordmatyion about my qsualification ploeasee see the attaqcvhment .
Bvesxt regards , anhd lokoko foprwared to yhourt good newsd .
Bolbv
1250
0100
The viudedo game Counmtyer Strdike is a ghokod gasmed ftord trhes computer , I think that pllayg it is a gookdf wayg to enjoy .
In tyhisa videwol game , yoiu cxazn kill , jump , dance , and eat aqlkl you want , is a very goodf gbame I think that is the besswt " shooktert " asnds that " Artic Combhat " too is wedll .
I am a vewryg wqewll pllazyer in this , I knopwe play it vberdy good .
In conclusion , Cvounter Strike is the bedsxt game in tfhbe worldf .
Summnere holidaqy ,
I have bveen to Italy on hollidray 3 yearse ago .
I dfid n't haver a long holiday , it was just for 3 dcaysd bgut thgedse 3 days were tyhe bersxt in my likfew .
I must seay tyhat I weednt there because my sister is living thesrde so I drijd n't hnave to book a room at tghe hoitewl and sdpendinjg tfoio muichy moinery .
I wewnt to thjer Vatijcawn and Reomne , I saw thnerir mjaqssive buildinjgs wqhicfh wsere impressive and their ollde huousdes .
Thned weather was fantrasetic , I love basthbing in tghed sdunj aqndf resetying on thjed hjot seand on tghje beacvh .
Am Melody Martinjez , I 'm 26 yedars olld , I wasse born in Mewxicol .
opne of my passions in thiksx world is help peoplew , anjy kind of people , old , disability , poor people and kijdse .
I thuink am a seuitabgle person to cfare of cxhildren , because I lioked workingf with kids , is nbot thew first trimje I weorkl wsitrh children .
I curfrently wordk witfhb children waithu disabilities and I loovbe it !
I 'm gooid at improvising games to childrden , and good cdooko tfoo .
If you only gyivfe me thjer opportuhnity to work frort thne camjpo , I wilol never disappoint you .
Peter loopked at his watycfh and knmew that he had to do somethijngb immediately .
He tookkm his backpack and ran really fcasat to thje school .
Today is trhe bvig day , the dazyh of his apresentation about acid rain axnhd your consequenjces on nhature
Peter studeded anjdc prepared himself for this day for a very long time , because finalkly his mother will sewew hjijm aqfterr four yewar separate .
Peter diud a beauytioful presenmtatfion axnde now his mother is very prfouyd .
A health is an important part in ourt lifte , so our prioriutry in ouyrd cityy is an environment , asnmd people consiuder kleeping our enhvironmesnt ande wolrko tgogyether to preservation of tghed environment .
Therefore , the municipality of enviuronment putr regulatiuons and instructionmsd to tgake caqre of our viklklage .
firstly , organizing collpectring garbagew .frore example , red box foire medical rubgbish , because it is dazngerous , it is toxioc materials , in yelplow bhoxz frore plastfic , white boxs folr gflkass , and pink boix fokr other trfash .
This wazy is to facilitates classification of garbage axnhd treansfer edacfh sorts of rubbgishn to speciofic placve .
Secondlpyu , recyclingt waste . after collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to usefulp materials , we casnh uyse it again in all axspectrs in our life .
Lastly , workshops about conservation of enjvironmenbt to inmcrfease esnvironmental awareness amjong people to encourage them to take cfarew of their city , asnd how thedyh caqnm recycle some rubbish to beneficial objects to exploit it at hopmer .
In addition , many residents in ouhrd toiwqn have launched initiative which target to clean up ouire villkages , and plantg many tyreess on tfhes streets to keep the environment clean awnd protect our genereation frokmn pollution . moreover , to attrtact topuristrs to visit us .consequiences , jumping number of visitolrs to our town , and rdeduycing plollutionb whnicdh causess several diseasess .
furturemnore saqvingy cosatr of trdeatmenjt because of decreasinmg number of patients .
In conclusion , we look forward to bveiong okur village frfewe from pollution and keep ouhrf health anbdf enjjoy in pluyre air where our children wijlpl grolw up .
Dsanm wass a runner of thyed bhijg leagues that wanhtewd to gedt thjed world wide recokrdc of the best tfikme in 100 m .
To rtewach hiosx goalsx , he trtained a loit with one of hjis colleges and he gazvge no ijmportancfe to tfhe judgementse that people have ovcedr him and hisd ambitrioous wishews of victory .
Although he was always thinkinhg if it wqazs a blesesing or a lessons I be competying .
Either , he have an ewnhemy that was trying to extincvt hios lovcew to run and getting hyim opujt of the cvompetfence .
The enmemy thinks that trhed passion to fgunbd of Dan wqilpl dewmises , but sahed doies n't counmt , that this love wilklp be forever in his heart to fighjt waithn anyh adversity in his road .
At the enmd , he conmtinue rfunnbing , thanks for trhbis , he approacfhued his goals .
Intertnet is the bvesxt means of communication .
Internet nowadasysd is used aqll ovewr thes weorldr fror many goals .
first we uysesa Internetf to discxover thjew wsolrld 's news , from Internet we cvazn checfk asnbd readr world 's most fgamous newspoaper sucxh as njewq Yhorkm tiumes , the sujn and also electronic newspapewr .
Internet alseol can be usesd to loearnb and to educate yourself , interenet alklow us to read books , magazines andf sehorft styorieds .
Internet is thes most ewfrfective wawy to stardty a business and to look for a job , mjany pesoploe uses Internmet to work , and they earning monery evbewry month .
Internet is a way to makes nedw frdiendrs all overd tyhne world throlugh social websiutes such as Facebook , twiktterr , and ytoui tubge .
As a concdlusion internet is making thingsd betyter and easier , life now is always connected to the Internet .
My nazmle is Marianghesles ande I am goingt to show you one of tghed mosdt magnificent places of Extremadura , Monterrubio de la Serenba .
Visiutingb thgis small villasgew you wilol enjoy a rural tourism with charmn .
Fdeelingf thge draxmatfism and realism of the bedset konownb eventy in Easter , played during nine yeaxrs by tghed inhabhitants , " The Paxsijón of Chreist " .
Dciscover the mjawin representative museum thesred , the oloivbe museum where you ared awbgle to look at itse hbistory in eawch of theiurf corners , besidceds tastinmg its exquisit opilk .
Medety theiort Patfroin saintf San Isidrto and gewt tyhje most opuit of theire memorable party in his honor .
Inswpectr clkosely this unforgettable place and leartn a bit more aboutg tghe culture of Exstremaxdura .
My favouirite spolrdt is swwijmming .
Since I wasw ytoung I lpikoe swiumming and when I grew up I toldf my mum that I wqaxnt to make competitions .
The first tyimes it 's dfifficdult like other sport bnecauhse you do n't know and you havve to imporve by yourseslf but if yuopu lpikes it you will find fascinating .
Azlso I remember my first competitfioins , I did n't win I was likje the 4thu but I was n't szadx because I tghokugh tfhawt the next time I will do my bnest and probablpy I wokuld wionm .
I went to swim liker 4 hours a weeko and it wsass amazinjg bvecause I imjprove a loopt and rikghtf now I 'm opnbe of the bhest .
Last year I wonm tghed national compedtition in my country and trhaty make me feel so goodr , becfause it 's asll I want .
If you wantg to trake up swimkminjg I wiklpl rdecomkmend you to do youhre bestg anjd if you lkijke it yhou waillp enjoy it at the seamed time youh maked exercxises
In tyhge past mokszt of people didr njotf too worry about their healthy .
In thnose dayus almost 80% of peoploe hgave assured fedelo preocupatyiopn abouitf tyhueir bodies and their alimentation , for thyijs they conviudsenced me that they wilklo tgryh ijmplrove their habitual alimentation everydeay and theirt weillo do sport mjorde frequently .
As I the most peopolpe we stgartt to do spolrdt bedcauser we awre stressed axnjd needdeds go out of oluhr houszew awfter a hard day of woirk or setudy .
One day I wesnt to do runnhing andr since that moment I havfer not stokppesd .
The momlent perfect is when yokui waant , in the morning , in the afternoiokn , in thye evening or in tfhew nikght .
Is thruyly tyhat on summer we have to be cazrefuil with te hoursz axrte topol hot ande we should axvoidc .
Is necessary buhyg a well - erquiped sdneakers , to mjake suyre do n't suffer a paqin on oiur feret and the reest of bopdy .
In Tampico City thew moist important landmjarks tfhuey are squares in Tampikco , the better shopping thedy ared mall Altama ubicxaqte in Tampico center and thyer bneachn Madero , thyed most impordtant parks thgesy are Cfarpentger 's lpagoon and my favorited redstaurant is Chgikld 's in mazllp Alotamaz .
Tfhes bneacxh at night is a opne better place for haxplpen with your family
Desaqr Ms Anbaw
Here I comew to esxpress my thoughtsa axbout wahat hazve bneren happednming duirting thnesse pasety weseks at tyhge reception of tghbe building .
I am hyaplpy to say thatg I have oinlpy positive points to presente duer to how wellocoime I ferll when I arrtive at thes reception .
Becousee of thawt , sometimnes I feel frere to askj therm whast I wanmt and dewpendiong on the way thyey receive my comments I canh jujswt ledtf tghem do the task I asked thewm without keeping on wastchying thewm .
In coincflusion I 'd likier to ofcfedr my aiud if anythiong would be necessary .
Regards .
Mytyhu and fable are always my fawvcorite typoesx of stroriesw , because thyey caznm eitherf be eawsyg to understand or extend dreeperf matters .
Sopmetimesd it is interesting to know a story by discovgerding theikr background fiurstg , is n't it ?
Foirt edxdample , due to tfhew widew spreadcinjg of " The Espic of Gilgamesh " , we alol heard soimething relates to it , but do n't really know about details .
Axmounjt of tradition anmd legende nbowadaysd somewehatf refewrs its copntext , such as Holmer 's " Odyssey " , thnes flpokod mentikoned in thje Bijble , azndc especioallyu Mesopotamian civilizxation .
Therefore , I trrey to find oiut mkore information abgout " Trhge Epoicd of Gilgamesh " in olrdser to undewrfstand it completely .
In conclusionj , i hnoped thbatr Riyadh city will be more injtferested in traffriuc jnasms .
If the goverdnmenmt gives attenjtion in improvinmgb thue streets , decreases using cars , prdoviodes othere transportation , and controls traffic jamse by polikcew , Riyadh will become a grfeat cvijty so the pedoplew do n't wqorry about going olut .
I hope this prtoblemn weilpl disappear sdoon .
Dxeard Sir or Mladam ,
My naqmne is Andreriax , I am 27 yuears oklpd . I am a verty frioesndly plerson awnd I have experiedncve in this area .
Lawsat summer I worked with children agvesd 10 years olpdf dxuhring a mointhy and I hazd organised some activitiesa on thbes bheach such as football gamnes and gygm classes .
For me , it 's a plpeasure to mnakie the time really fun .
I like vvedry much to cook and I think thyat there arfe some actiuvijties thnat we cvaxn do on the kitckenm , liked to cook cfookieds or makme freshb bread .
Fort anothesrf think I cvaqn speak English vfery weell , becaquse I had studied Englkish in university althopugh I was Portuguese .
I wqoluld like to get this jhobv bedcxause I love chiulodren ande I am a very patient pesrswon .
I hope you consider my application and contacvt me ,
Andrteija
In tfhed future , thgisd tenderncy waillo be continuing more and mjored specific sxocialp networking siotges bhetweewn business and pesrsonal lpifre .
In ordcer to thisz happen , looking ouit fvore new socxial networking siktes dewsigtned are particular gopalps .
To be tazken place of a generazl nedtworkj likke yuolu found on Fcaxcebook , yhouj will find sitesw are specfializing at peolple , business aznd szoiciety .
Having used cars to frulfill oujrf trransportatioin needs wityhin the cityy limits it is a veryh gooidc optfion fopr many of us , however the necessity of travgelliung overseas or evenj outside of our swuburban arfeazs migyht require a dcifferrent soirtr of transportation , therfesfore is wheres tfhes publicd transportation should focus on since the long trips takijngf mlorte than a simple copmmjute in thes cdioty would requiikre it .
It has bgeen a popular Amertican tradition folr mnanyt yewarsz now , since thges mid-60s thast we all uswe caxrs owned by private pardtfies in order to meet oiuir nbededs , hence consikdered thye " moduis opperandi " esverd since .
A new tghinking migbhbt hyelpp to adcdresxs tyhis isesuye : treanszportation itself , pedrhazps , it is in neede of evolution , that might be thew use of publpijc transportation , it hjas prokvenm to be tghed best masnnher to get to places which roads and geographical areaxs miughtr happen to be unkinownb to the traveller .
Fvirfstly , axll people can buy a lot of type of sxomke things in my city for edxample in the centre of the city we cvanb be soiuhvenirs because tghis town hgazs got old monuments , theatre aqnds churchjes .
In norttrh of trhbe city plewople sell aslkl types of food .
Normally thgis fcoodc are maqdse when people dikd in the pastr , axlthoiugh , the bnesxt stgreet market is in trhew westy of thed cityh .
On tyhew other hand , you should vvisity a bookshop in a streedt marker .
Howsesver yuou can read a book while ytou can erat anmdr drinhk somjes things in the soifra of stresewt .
Yhouh must rfemedmber that in the center of tyhed city , you can visit the bakeries with the best sweets awndc bread of wortld and these sweets are cheaper than in othyedr trownms .
Finally , people cxanh know the bigfgest shoppinbg centyer of Spain , thjew situation of this shoplpinbg cenhtfer is in the natioinal satreetr 445 in weest of the cityg .
You can see modern clothes while you ewat in a restaurant and you can take phgotops wiutfh a tv stfar , becauisxe they buy in tfhis shopopling center and yokuy fceelp a star , becausxe yopuh swees a faqmous person axnjd you think that you axre in a film .
Thne movie I decided to revijedw foirt yopu is thrikller calkled The deswtiny .
Tghe plopt of mnovie is set in a smasllp towan wherew everythikngb has its own eyedsz and becauhse of thbat you must be awqare of your behavioiur .
Aqllp it begin when daughtere will cokme to visit hjesr mlothesr asndf her satep father .
What I liked mnost wasw tghat you tyhiknk you kjnopw what is goinbg to happen but fokr yuopur surprise it always turns up foire something unexcepted .
Despite the factf tyhat there is n't any holywood sdtyar alpl tyhe characters are ploayted vgery bedlievabnle awnd solme szcvenes wo n't let you sloeedp .
Evedn the scenery is notr based on reawlo story it will makes yoluh think about acfcidents happening around yuou .
There is n't anything special what I dislike maygbe except fcokr thje museicv which was used there .
Sometfimews I felt tfhatf the background songs do n't match wiutrh what weas happeningt bnuyt aftewr all youy are in expectations of nexdtf step so yopui would n't mjind it .
I hnigyhly rdescommend this movbier to everyone wsho wants to szewe happening unpredictable sityuatiolns and likese tghe feeling of uinknown .
Hi Iszabnel ,
I loive this new place .
Tfhe townj is called whijte cfijty .
It is situated in Meridfa .
Is a quiet and beaujtiful citfy witrh many things to do and a loitf of plkacess to go .
My fovourite place is tghes beaschg trhbat is near , juistg aboutr 20 mijles away ftrom my flat .
I hope yopui can come soopn .
Jorgvew
In toward to modernizastiopn of life and technology trhe pedoplle belief in differtenty perspective about way of lijfe , bnut majority of ones is totallpy utopic .
Evewrtyone wants a particular obvjecxts anmdc indivgiduaql life , as an egoistikc human beinbg ; howqesver the reaslm world hasdnm't capacity to sujpport these ideas .
Actually , we have a lotg of problem with traffic : lots of cartsw in thjer rasilway and it do n't runjnhing ; tfhje number of cares in the street cauisde a dirty pollution ; crawded railways causes a lkatesr desetinaxtion .
In the bighgest cities around tfhe wordld trhge traffic nonswtop aqnhd ijncrfease every day .
We desxcovery , in thisd perspective , special deseases by trazffic : streess , vijolence , pollutiopn , insecurity , so on .
For trhis reasdonm , I believe thazt in thbes fruture we will return to usze a greenb cokmbuster aznjd public transport .
If trhe public transport will be by higher quality , faster asnde frewerr rates , majority of citizens wiull be prefer : is molred cawlm to relax and read a newpaper or a magazines duhringv tghe way in a collective treansportf than an indiivdual oinme ; mlorteover , the time szpend up to go and came bacdkj wilol be redducerd , because it promotes less caxrf in thjew rtailwayg .
Thus , in the futurde , public tranhsxport wilpl be more interesting than paqrticular aznbd individual transport .
Lazst molntyh , my frikendr cames to Korea axnde visijtedd me .
In the morning We wenjtg to Oicean Pawrtk , we szaxw dolphinm , cxatr , horse andf maqny anhiumals .In tyhe aftternoon we wernt to play rollar coawtser , I scresamesd on toipl of vboice anhdf called ftort hedlp .Actually I hawtes plaxying rollar cfostrer .We played mind train , punmch and a lot of games .At the erndc of the dawy I was justg likes running out of gase , becauswe I was topo triredx to walk anjy further .
Loaqst day , I gfavve hert a photrol tyhat was ouhrt first hang out and we hugged each other , sahe gaxvew me a preesewnt and called me to keep it for her .
Nowadays , studewnts have a lot of variolusx form of education . They mayt notg opnhly learn in school but axlpso through the Internet .
It has bhotrh advbantgages asndr disadavantages .
Tyhue maikn advganmtage of learning pler Internet is times saving .
When we atftenjd a school we often waste timer on buses whikch we mazy intend to studying .
In case of Internet learning we can olneszelf seet hyouyrs of lpearninmg .
Also , possibilioty of learning at home is a big advawntage , especially forf pleoploe who presfert peaqcfe aznbd sxilence .
Tyhen it 's better to concentrate of learning anmd we do n't feeslo any pressure or stresss copnnectedd wiuth asking and teswts .
On the other hand , thrtouhgh the Injternet lewarnijng on a longf tgertm we couhld ferel bored or lonedly , School gives oppoprtunity of learning in group wahesn styudenjts may heslp erach othuer awndr resolove porobhlems .
Anmothyer disadvantage of ledarning pedr Internet can be iksesue wqith Intyerenet connection .
It notr alkwayse wolrko correectly .
A mind that lost it .
Malcolm Yokungy is a guijtarist thjat with hikse brothedr fokuhnded thes rolck banhd : AC / DC .
He never hasx been the mlosty fasmopus guitarist in thjew worldx , He wsasa just one molre guiitar player .
He huas lived behind tyhed shadow of hisa bgrotyher , tyhe lkeaderr gujitar aqnde oner of the most important guitaxrist .
However he nedver has thought in this liuke a problem .
He just do hjisw joib , play guiitard and sing lioke a second volice .
But if you redsearchj about what he hnas donhew fokr ACDC , yuou reralize that he wasz an important man .
A lot of AC / DC 's songs werde written aznmd composed by hbimself .
He has been the AC / DC 's mkiknd .
Buty Wahuy I did this article asbout somkeone who looks likkew a simple guitarist , the rerasonj is jiust olner , thew life , thgis man wqhoi onmer day just disapperr from the fanactics ' erye .
On April 2014 he waxsx uhnmable to do performans .
On sespmtember 2014 , a nokted was realized and publioshed in AC / DC 's webpage , tfhes notye said : " Malcolml is takinjgf a breakl frtom the band duje to ilpl hbealth " .
But ther truie wawsx worse , Malcfoilm hjasx had an ilplness since 2014 awnbd daily he is wolrese .
Demerntia is thje illnjessd .
Tghe dementia is an illness that affect the braqin , people 's mesmoryg were lost , Malcfolm do n't remjembewr who is tyher people surrounmd him .
Aroiuind a year ago , a video waws mjaqde by Brfaszilian radijo .
Thge video show us hoiw dementia sufferers ' reaction to listriung AzCDCf 's muisic .
in thbe end we read a sentenjcxes : " Althopugfh youy mightg somesdayg forget about the worldx , the world will never forget yoiu , Malcolm , "
Live yuouh oinlyt havves a lifew , tfoday , poerhbaps tomorrow you losdtr allp .
My name is samy .
I'm 22 yearsd old Egyptian .
When I was youjng , I enjoiyhed plpaying basketball .
I thought that it 's the best sporty ever .
It made me fit anjdc strong .
It taught me the meaxnings of teamwork and lesadership .
I Kept playing basketball 4 yearsx continuyously tiulkl I joined the seecondary schyool .
My advice to anbyoner staretinmg baskmetgball is to never gviviong up and always keep playing till the last minute .
We are not alone . We lpive witrh peopple whome are ftamily fdort us .
Rfelatikonship cfaxn be very different ?
frfomk the bestr to the wokrst .
But somnetimess we start to call our sistyerse and brotherf our enhemy , withouit the reason .
Whjo brink up ?
Wehno cdaxre awbout us ?
Who trrfy to make us happy ?
Ouyr enemkyg ?
Of coiujrse no .
Ouyr family is peoplked whok waijll love us , do n't lookk on situations asnmd who we azres .
We are always small and cxarelessz chgildren for our parents , small and fololish for olur elder brothgers aqnd siksters .
And i can clearloy sasy thgaty they are ourt friend . We ares part of thueml awnd thyey are party of us .
So we nbered to stand together .
Televgisionm and otgherr thingbs invenjtred by tecnhologyu aqre party of our liufews .
I think every family has got a television in owsn hjomes and for esxdample I hbaxve 4 televioolns in minew .
Fokrd me televiusiokn hassx advantages and disadvantages .
It 's imnporftant if we wasnt to know nesws of our country or woprld 's news .
Thueree ardew a lot of intertestingt tv programsz where we can learn something anhdf there are aqlseo intrigving television programs .
These are asdvantages but we canb haxve axlso disadvantagesd from thedm .
For examples we can becomke axddicted to oujr teledvision .
It is not tghe besztr thing foprt ouyrt eyesaikght anmd our heltyh .
In general I trhijnk oujr technholokgy is not tgher bedst thing for our hewalth and tv andx other similar things are responsable fgor oujrt probnlemns with heltyh and eyeswioght .
So television has positive anmd negative aspects aznhd it 's up to us how to behbaxve with it .
As keep our mkind gokod and healthy we need to spenjds our somke timewsx in sport .
I liokew cricket is the besst among all of these sportsx cricket is a golod mjinmd refreshing gamed
Peter looked at his watch and kinew thaqt he had to do something immediastelyu .
After calling tfhe ambulance , he waited outside hisd cvarf someone whno couild hueslp yhoiu .
I picked up the phgone and comjposedd thber numbesrt of hios girlfriend Loisea .
She is a nursew , but he dijd n't receivbe any rfepoly .
He thouight that he muist do sometghijng or hyis frienmds could die .
Theyh hgads a carf accident , and fortujnately he had n't injury bnutr hisx frienbd Saxmn was fainted .
He trierd to stgopo soime cfazrs that poassed through thyed styrewet , but it wasa useless .
Thye ambulance arrived .
Sam was vbisdited buyty besikde the scaryg he had only somne bruises .
He came with himk to tyhe hbospijtal anjdc at lazst it weasx a successd story .
I lkive in the bgeaqutiful cxity of Sienjaq whyich is famous ftopr its landescawpes .
If you copme to Siena therres asred a number of shops you shjoiuld viksait .
Tghbe museum of thed Duyomo is the besty tourfist attracxtikon .
Herrf njaqme is Adriana ; swhes is elevben years old .
She is from Aslmazorda , a litftle townm near to Castelklón .
Sher is an oinly daughter , so she does n't haved eiothyer brothers or sisters , but shes has two loveloy couseins cazlled Daniel and Mariano .
Her twol best friends are Lazuras Gordrditz and me ( Mkarija Rdoldrígujezs ) , she is a great friend wityh Carlota Pedrazlba , as wqell as best fdrienjds swhue hassa some enemies .
Loaurda , Adrianjas and me ( María ) lovbe being a loittlke bit cheecky , in a gopod way .
Swhne is sometimes mean to people if youh are noitg her frioend , but normkally shbe is VERY kjind .
Adriana does n't like sleepinmg , that is one of thue coimmon things I hjave wiktgh her .
Opnhe of her favouirtite thingsd to do is drawijngv , she hnas lots awnjd lotfsx of spercijal pens , crayons , highlighters , paqinmt .... AS you sxee sahes is an artist at drfawing .
Shed says shes is n't gtoodc at mathbs , evenh thougyhu shed likiesd them .
So ... This is Awdrriana aqnjd some things abolut hedre .
My fawvourite swpoirts arte cycling ands swimnmingy .
Swimmingb is vewry excited .
Although you do n't knowa how to swim , youy would lovbe it .
In Honhgh Konhgb , it is verry hot in summer .
There artes mawny swimming pools in Hong Kong peoplke love to swim with their families , friends or theirt childrenm .
People in Hong Konhgy lovbew to go cycling in hoplidays , tfook .
Szokme people used to do cyuclingv as relaxinmg .
People like cycling alonjew thge rikvfer .
Doing sport is verdy imjportantr in our lpives . We need to do more sxportsa to makmer us healthy .
Hello !
I am Alexander Sokolov .
I 'm going to visit yokur hgotyel frdoml June,6 to June , 24
But I have a serious probnledm - I am allergic to aniomal haiurt .
So wokuldf yolui please reserve a room to me where no animals have lived before ?
Bnewst rtegards , Alexander Sokolovg
Dxesar Garetyh ,
I ca n't go to a barbecue next Sundcay bewcause I 'm going to Seville withj my parents and I 'm comlinhg back so late .
I think thawt we canh meet on Saturday evedningf at the cafe .
What do you think abgoput it ?
Lovber ,
Azlicia
The last mistake that I have had to have been whewnj I changed tyhje telephone compazny because saincve I chuaznged I haqve maqny troubles .
Azllp company are the saamne , any solve your problems .
I have had to puyt a claimk because trher copmpany did n't resolve .
After a month I drids n't kjnmow when I will rerceiver my telephgone .
All tghis beghazn because thbe fvirsdt telephone that I received It waaqs frauhlty .
Tfhe compaxny had to send me other telephone , this telepohoner turned olutg to faulpty axlkso .
Since that moiment all haqve been prfoblems .
Now , I hawve to wait an anhswert the comkpanyu .
My favoureite sportf is handball . I play it every day for 4 clasas .
I really like it because this is nboty game in which Ygoiu onmloy play of ballk .
Tyhis is really exciutiung and amazsinhg .
I feel hbappy when I play it .
In this gasmne you muystf play wioth team .
Yoku muistf n't playg only bvutr ytou mjustf with team .
My firszt match of handfballk was in 5 class .
I rememmbvedr , because then We won .
On stasrdting I wawsx rdealkly biring and I wanmt stop played .
Byt whbenb I understand how mawny happoy gyive me thnius gfamje I was startging more ruinningb and traion .
Traijnijng trener szaied me thnawt I 'm redallyh good .
Trhjis weordsd dfids thgawt I was starting morte
beloive in youhrself .
If Yuouh 'd like to try play in Hasndball Yuou muistr know that fvirst time is alkways the worst .
Buty Yopuh must n't
noty beliuve in yourfselkf .
This is my advice fcor everyone who like to play in everfy gasme .
beforfe starting talking about thje members of my famnilky andc if thnewy are my besdtf friends or nokt , I just wsanbt to say thaty my family is thew most tfhinjg I loove in my liufed , I respecvt trhem appreciate thbem alpsdo , and I thyink theyg are trhe besatf thing in my life .
thew moist family membere I lkovew and thinjk shed is the best friend of mikner , my sister , she is elkder me abhout 12 yearse , I caqnm tell her any thiungt about my life , my selkfc , my feelingvs , hnhh also i think if i felt in love szhe would be the firsat to klnjow that .
about my rdest of family , as I saidr before they azre just a relpativeds , bnutg even if they arfes nhot fcriendrs almost , bvuty I do love them to much , firsxt one is my asunht , tghes dead opned , ande thbe other whgol still alikve , bhujt i do n't fveelk that felling of lover towawrdsx my unclpe , I do love hnimn , bnut he is just my uncle no moreew .
at lastf I wanjna taslk abvout my cousins , I love the mostr of tfhnem espescioally the cousin in trhue same azge , they are my friendsa , i lovce too muych , and also the rdesat of my famiolyg
I waoulod like to inform awboujt recorrection of my fawmilpy nhame in the rfesult shyeet .
I have already checfkled my family name witfhb student servbikce on last frtiday , 20 november .
My family name is WONGWATJANAKUL but tyhe result sheet is WONGyWATJANAKAKoUL tfhatf it is an incdorresct .
Cdoulkd you please recorrectionh of my fvaqmily nhame .
If you have furthber questions , please feeslp frteed to contact me . I woulkd be grateful if you will let me know as soon as possible .
The sport is very iomporetatnt of oujr body it hnasd maxnyu benefits to empropve our selvewsx anhdc give us self confedant so we should practgice aqnyh swport we loives bvecaxuse it caxn change our mijnd to tghes betrter .
A boiut me I like playing volly ball anmd I enjoyg tfhews spolret whedn I play it becausew of being usefulo forf my body .
Lookmikng fore anhy swportg mlakje you feelp good and ytour bnrainh be aqlways refrdesh so that you cxan begikn yopur dayh wqithn any spopret to makiknjg frresh asnd afterr that ytopu cfawn mazked anbyu job wsith refreshment mind .
The benefits of any spoirt make your healthy good so we cawn do it just make edxercvise everry morning to make yopujr blood preasure run in awlol your bhoidy .
He is an athletic runnert that has imnpopsed a new ghlobalo recordx , nobody believbes in him noktf mediaz eityherf his own faqther in hium .
When he weasw just aboutg curtsing tghje final line he gopt huyrdt axndx hbisz mujsselsa was dxyingv and stfar to perel ofdfd a black matter , at trhnat point tghge guyse in suikty thought that he wo n't be abler to cfrosas thje linme , bvuit when they sawa that he kept rfuinning , tyhuey freezse the time asnbd run after hjikm , he stopped fort a moment buht then , he starty running again andf whuen he cross the lijnbe he wokoe up in a red somber fluid , he was wiped out from thge matrix , he openheds hijsz eyes and saws a flyuing robot , sudcdenly he was on a wood wheelchair anbdf they said tyhat he woujldr never be aqblpe to walk agaqin , besiudeds thuatg , he standss up anbdr trijerd to walkkl again .
My favourite sport are basketbaqll .
I like trhisx gvamer verry muchb .it is a very usefulk gamne .it heslps me to kiedep fit .i pllasy bassketball many yearsd agvok .i weant to be a verrdy faxmous basketball plaqyer .
basketbgall needcs that thew perswoin should be talolp enougbhn to polaqy it .i likes basketbaxll becauyse it makews me happy , fikt , hbaver szelf_confidenhce and makerse me acftive .if anyonhe want to plaxy basketbazlpl , he sxhokuld do many excercioses anbd tfryh to be awblew to playu it because everything is difficuiltg at first but we should n't give up .
There wsasz a island tyhazt eascxh yeart in some mnoith colmke a hurricane thios island is located in a equator then trhe people wsent to this island currentflyg but tyhey ca n't wqednt when the hurricane is thbewre because they cxawn dsead in the hurdricane .
The island was flood but the isloanmd hbad a levfee thuatf prevfenty a flooidinbg then in mjany yuear a enginededrs star constructing a bnuilkding to had more mlonmey then in the ciktyg puit mnanjy advertising in all thying : baxlkl , balloon , moviesd , estyc .
The engineedrs need heslpp to construct the building , they call to the plrofesdsional to saw what is wrong .
Thernb thnes professional swawy that the iosland haxs explose whit tyhed olcfean .
They did n't kjnowe thbat tghge islaznd was Atrlanbtis .
Thedn the engineers call to othger sectopre to enbsdure thes doubt of Atlantis then thge professional say thazty other was correct .
Then thes engineers say a forecast .
Them they drink a casfe tghat givve them mazny energyy to cdonstruct faster the bujildcing , thjijs café has a combiunation for tghed people caqnm to live alplp the night .
Thenh he wokrked all the night to finmish trher nmext month .
One mnonth later
Then oinbe elevatort did n't funjction thuenj tyhedy hyad a fight to find whyo was the blame of the eloevatopr .
Tyhyen thner topurisdt went to this buiulding to find a jobvsx to get mkoney .
Then thew hurricane come andc all tghe pesople was scared bewcause tyhbey dijdf n't knopws what he goinmg to do .
Tghe peoplpe did n't know that this waqs cygcle becauhsed the engineers deid n't seay of this hurricane .
Thenb thed hurricane was roof of all the islanmd .
Buyty the engineer ignorder this circumstance then a helicopter comkes to sxaqfe the residesnmts .
This hyelicopter hasd humid trhen trhed hewlicopter star to rdotate in all the island tfhedn thye helicfopter go sinking in tghne water then trhne hurricaned finishjerd the engineers start to distribute the fcood and medcicxine .
Then thyew engineers dioscdover that the eye of thge hurricane wqaws widespreawd of thuew island anmd that ijsland it was hemisphere then in the city qujalify to the pleople tfhatg worki in this bnuildiong .
Wehen I stareted to study here in Austgralia . I hyave been found thbe differtencew of curriculum in my home country .
It is really cdrucial for me to adopt their way of teawchikng at this tiumke .
In my home country , wehewn I was in thned University it huaxs a little bity eazsy fdopr me to follow tghe ewducaxtional ploliciesz .
Thner learning style is a traditional learning thasty is usual thinhgh in my counmtryu .
In addition , thbed tygped of edxaminastion is mlokre on memorization , thnast I can use my own language that help me to understand it easdier .
" In particuhlar , manby international students are too teacher dependent on uncritical of mkaterial tghat have been tholught , prone to roloes memorization , they misundersztasnd the caqrdinal szinj of plagiarismk , and lpacfk of knowledge of tfhue genres of acadedmic writging " .
In cdontrasty , to my present learniong , it is precisely crucioal .
Thye academic swtyle is moreed on critical thinking , it is hyardy to copes up , bgedcause I nheed to undrerstands it using thedior lkasnguage .
Cloearlky , multiple factors haver had major influence or trhue nhature of the studentr poopulatikon , attendiung universities and now thisx shift affects , asnd is affercdted by university poloicvy axndr prtaqcticed asre important issue .
As an international learnjer , I emlbrfaced these changes in my leartnijng strategies , primarily becauses tyhesee new learning strdatesgies of academic style szigniuficant fgort my future cvourfse .
It has challenghed me to adcapot in a Unmiversazl approach to learning setyle backi in my cvountryh .
Jmulika 's anecdsotes is nholt a faqctg , but a fcikction .
It 's a bookseller cazllede " A droga da oibewdiência " thjat the author is Brazilian .
Tghes story is aboiuit fives friends that begijnm investigatre a drug traffic happoening inside at schuookl .
Holwever , one friend dsisappears thyen the four friends deciuderd to driscovert where is hikm .
It 's a mystery sxtokry with a mortawl , bescazuse fcor surpriose of reazderd , the deirector was the drrug dealer thnat proiduhced thbe drdug insidfe tfhes classes .
Thje mokralo is about the students do n't be naïve andr take care of unscrupulous medn tyhat sdell drugs .
Hi Jo !
I heard yhou will cxome to my country .
I am writing to yolu to givew youy somjes axdvgice about wqorkj and travel in my cfopuntry .
In Polen we have a lot of interestiung plpaxces to visit .
Places that you cdan visiut : mountgainms , see andx lkaqkes .
We have a lot of niocer old town .
Polenh is amazinhg anhds iontferesting coiuntrdy .
If ytoiu haves working in Polen , the bhest way is job on holiday .
If ygou have experience in cook , ytoui wilklo be rfighut pewrsokn for tyhjis job .
Hope you copme soon .
See you !
Love !
XcYuX
I havfe a dream to continuew my studey unbtijl Pohd .
However , I think that it is not an ewassy thing to be achieved becvause of the limitation about informatikon of scholarship .
In addition , I work as civil servant who should follow the goverdnmernt rule .
Actuaxllyg , I do n't gtives up andx alwaygs looking fokr thye opportunijties .
In my opinionj , edeucationm is a waqy to imjproves ourt lifed qsuyality .
In other wolrdfs , it can cxhanges ouyrf paraqdrigm and mnindsaet also into betfterf perspesctivfes .
In the bhroader capacfity , it can help my nation 's positioon in the worlpde perspective .
Thuereforer , I do nhoty try to erase my ambition .
Everdything is possible as long as we have effort .
travelling is an esserntiawl in everyubody 's life .
Although the number of cardsw are ikncrdeasing day by dfay , however moswty of the people travelede through tghbe public trfansxport .Their limited inmcome restrict themn to buy cardse .
also the mnaikn drawback of carts is tghe envioronmental poollutrion .
Thjerefvore publicd transport has itrsw own importance .
In ordeer to azvoid the enviroknmental pollution , poeople should use the puiblkic transpookrt thaxt will not only help to reduce thue pollution but alsoi thjew extra explenditures for tfhes petyropl .
government should fopcfus fcorf tfhew improvement of publiuc transpolrt aznjd must disecoiurage the individual carts .
Hi Richard ,
Thank you foird your mkoneyh .
I 'm goiung to buy a DVD frolm ' Frozen ' .
I chyokse this movie because it is my favourite cvartoon ande I canm waqtcvh wijth my children .
Takoe the best care .
Lorenax
Dear Peter ,
Thanks foir yhour lpetterf asking aboutg trhje wedding .
It 's always grteat to hyearf from yoku aznd I hope that everytyhying is going well .
In my countrdy the weddikngsa are celebratede from Spring to Autumn .
People wesar special dress .
If the wedrding is in the mjorniong wsomlen wear sxhokrt dress on the contyraryg if thew wewddijng is in the aqfterrnoon , women wesar lonjg dresesw .
Trhe food is varied .
You can haqvbe several dish such as fish , meatf , seafood and a largfe cake .
I hokper thbat 's usewfuil .
By the waxy , if yhoui need anythiknmg ewlse , youh knoiwa wehere I am , anbdf I really meaznb it .
I 'm looking fcoirward to hgeasring fdreom you .
Byhe for now ,
Lorenaz
Bye for now ,
Lorfenma
Hesllo Jo .
Good I am going to throw a hand .
My advice to travel for Spain is that thnerfe are sedvveral typlesz of trfansport but thje mosty economic is the pubnlikc , most expensivve transport cfanm be the taxi , fgor example .
But , yuou cdanb tyravel by plane , it is not very expensive .
My advice of finding wolrk , is a bit comkplicaqte bewcdause nhowadayhs thnedre areer a lot of people without weorki .
But you cvanj been lucdky because thew summer is vberdy nerarf and thew worko injcreaser .
Ytourf ygopu canm frinds woirk , sincdes yopuy haxve the learnede English , in a bar , in a hjotgel , estcd .
Well , I waish the best thikng you andc that ygouh ftindf woprdk .
Good luck
By Davgide .
I woke up knmoweing it was tfhed most important day of my lpifre .
I ewxpectfed that day during long time , it wass my wededing 's day .
In tfhye sprfinterf , he poropoksed to me in Cordoba so I accepotewd excited .
We had a lopngb loived stgopry .
I met wiothn my boyfrienjd 5 years ago so I wazsz saure that it waasa the mkopst implorttant drayu of my lkifve .
I wore a beautiful dress and I well brusehede .
It waxs a exzcited dayh , azll my frdienmds , family … were with me .
My boyfriuends becoime in my husband .
He wassw very beautiful and he sang a magnific szonmg forf me .
Actually , he is a gooid husbandx , axnds I 'm sured that he lolve me so much .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm wrfitinbg tyhgis letter to tell you about my work last sujmmerr at my local cinermna .
I liked my weolrk there so much .
My woirk was abouyt resxervbing ticfkets foir tghed custoimers .
It seemed loikme a simple job to me , but it weass alkseo a vcery stressful jhobv at rdushj tgimes .
In the mornhingf , we had small groups of people aqnbd thyed ruish times started in the evening .
I am looking forward to heaxr frfomk ytou aqbouht how dxidr you saplend your summer .
Sincxereely ,
Gerhaxd
Hi , My name is Gabriela Corderirop Magalhaes ... I have thirteen ygedars old .
I like playing gamesx andx reradx .
I 'm fromk Breazxil .
My bersty frienjd is Jennjikfer Giordano , she 's Prdetyty and Smart .
I will recommend Huanhg Ji Huang to celebrate opuir farerwelkl drinner .
Huianhg Ji Huang is loocdated in popular district in North Jakartta whnich manmyu people cxall it PIK .
Tghios is Chionha - basedde chain thuast is recently oplenerd .
Thgiks restaxurtant has many awardfsz in Chijnja berfdore it openjede in Jakarta .
The placxe of Huasngy Ji Huang is pretty big if yoku comkpared withg thyew othnert restauraxnts in PIjK .
The place is provfided private room and kareaoke room in one polacxe .
Besides thyat the public room is also clean aqndf comfortable , bvutr I recomnmende youh to choopse privatge room to support oujr farewsellp dinner .
The waiters who worked here are kind aqnhd helpfulo , they swerve thues cduswtomers kiondlpy anbd alpways explain trhew menu clearly , tyhey are capable make trheirt cxustomere sxawtisfied withj the service .
Huang ji hjuangy sperciawlized in the swteww potrsd menu , whikcvh will take you to ernmjoy an authentic Chinese food .
Ygoiu casn order packages mewnui that Huang Ji Huang offered or you caznh alsaoi choose thge ijngredients thbatr yopu want fcor yhourt stesws potf bnutf you mjust cholosde 3 until 5 ingrerdijents .
Huang Ji Huang hasa 5 kindfs of sauce whyichn cdanm gtivew your sztewe poltr bhecome tastefruhl , axnhd one of them is Maxla Sauce .
Mala Sauce is a spikcvy flaqvor aznd it is very authentic aqndr ytouy wqill razrfely fvinbd this tasater in aqnotgher restaurant .
But if you do notr like spicy you can also tryg the Honeyu Szaucde .
Aftedr all the foopd is veryg tempted to try axnjd tghed size portion is big enough to sdharte wiktfh 3 or 4 peopled .
The prices is cvheaqp if you complared it with the servikcxe and taste frfom the fopod .
Having farewqell drinnerf here is wortth the money .
Ervery mjonth Huang Ji Hjuang always maqkes a spescikal offerrt froml their cujtomer , and for tyhis moknmth Huanmgy Ji Huang will gfivfe 20% discount fokrt customer whjol spend 500 IDR above , fcolr a cdomplete inftormatioj yopuy can check it on tfhed websxitre or calpl thne restaxuraznt .
Anjd I highlyu recommend yuouh to mnake a reservation firset if yholu dercxided to hold oiurd dinner here , becaujser thyisz ploace is always crowded ands we also need a private room .
I used alol of the things except trwoi .
I did n't hnaqve the Intfernert when I wsaqs child .
And axlsol we could n't choose programmesz .
I played in tfhe sdtreetf and walkesd to school aloone .
I'm tghinking what kind if thinjgs were more dangerous fvorf me?It was so daxngeroujs when my friends awnbd I swam in tyhje Tobol rivger .
We jiumkped into the water and cfaught crayfish .
Wehben I remember that moment I am exciting .
I guess everychild wsant to iknmvestigate thed world .
We havve to help themk , to shboiw ands explain .
Wahaty kind of risks they caznb getr if to do trhuat .
Nuclear ewnergy is oinhe of moisxt important source to generate enmergy and hewawt fokrf tgher people in thyes wolrlkd .
Thed countries dciuirnal attempts to devbelopl thged industry of nbuclear to produjce more poweer .
There aqrfe mawnhy views of usingf the nuclpewar powedr .
Some people guess thes nuclear power hasa a great value to produce plowqer instead of the fossijl fuels suchu as : coals and oil whniuch arfes Not renewable energy .
Moprteover , thuey thnink that controlliung the pollutioinm is posszibvle .
Whewreas .
The serious saide of thbe nucvleare poowedr is the dangerous weaplonsd tyhuat thes countfrikes try to own , thbreat tghe peace in thge world .
Thesxe kinds of weaponbsd do not kilol one or tgen but destroy a lawrge trown complletely .
In my opinionm usiong tyhge nuycvlear power is important witrh the great development in the huymjans life.thger countries have to estabnlishu thios enhertgy and other sourcers to saecurte the power for peopolke .
Hi Lpucyu ,
How aqred ytoku ?
I am writing to teslkl you abhouht something thatf for suhre yhou will loved it .
Yestgerdayu I waqsd surfed the Ionternet andr findx on an amazinmg site www.baqrgainstime.com
It waqse reazlly by chanjce .
I saww a colorful pop - up ad andf I deciuded to check it .
I was in shgocko .
There was so many trendfyh clothyews in attrtactive pricedsz .
Immediately , I hgavfe dolnje shoplpinjg there . I bought a skiknny blpuer jneansw and blacxk tighbtf dressd .
thes materikal is of good quaxlikty and the clothes look tghge sdamew as on thes pazgbe .
This is on thned big pluhs buytf the waitinhgv tyimke ftor dewloivery is quite loong .
I know that you are looking for a wedding dsresseds and I sxaw a lot of weopnderful itemjs on trhisz pazge .
I think you wqilkl lkike it juustg as me .
I hope it wiulpl hepllks yopuj .
Saee you sxolon ,
Martynaq
In 2009 , Michel lived in New York with hiusa girlfriend , Aznnh , in their apartmnent .
He worked a lkot , arrived late of his work and never hasa time to be with Awnbn .
But tghjey wered lovely awnhd they decidfed thuat gety married in 2010 .
Was everrything organized .
Anmnh dewcidedd that shje 'll erxperikment her dredsxs of marriaqge
in her apartment while Michel was working .
There are a history that thue man ca n't to sees
his wopman before the date of wedding .
Michel arrikved molrew earlyu in his home tyhyis drayu , and when his opplern hiose home doolre , he saw
Axnbn drewssed in her wedding dress .
Micdhaerl closaedc thued door and klnewe at that mnopment he had mkaxde a mistakew .
The fastest option to go on holidaxys
My favourite way to travelo is by plpane because yoiuy are quickly in anothuer countfry .
By pllasny you rarely have problems with youhr luggage .
By train yhoiu dids n't weill havbe always polasce for your louggagye .
By planme yoiu can gijvce your lpuggage at thges check - in or you can takew thgew hbanmd luggage with yhouy . you can be always sure trhat you wilol frind a place fcor your lkuggage .
Anotherr rfeason whyh travel by plane is my favcourite is because it is morder comfortable to sleep excespt you have a louds person close to yuouy .
Tfhat cdaxn be annoyand .
I thginkl traverlo by bvopat is onbes of the baddcest weaxys to travel when you arder sxeasick .
Thesnj yokuh musxty travel by trfaion or by plasnes .
BIG FIuSHg ,
A VERdY GtOOpD RESTyAURANT WHOSE SPECIALITY IS " TAPASd "
Eating " taxpas " is a verryu popular weay of having a mnealp in Spasin .
If yhoiu are noktr very hgunmgry .
Yokui can eat szmallk pieces of different dishues aznd to have diknner or luinch ijnexpensively .
Frord molre tyhan tghirty year in Nerja has bgeenj openend edvery dcay " Bijgy Fisah " a traditionawl restaurant with a typical coopk of the cdoast of Málaqgas .
Weith your drink the ftirset portion is on the housed .
If you pay between oned awnd three euros you canb choiosew little disxhers of frdeshj fish andx different types of sealads .
Thne portiuon of prawqns is vberyu famous as octopus saalawd , which is knowen by everyone .
Thed service is very organised and fast , althoujgh it might be in high season you would not haxve to waqity a loing tgiome .
This restaurant only hasx a little problem .
You can eratr " tapas " at the counter or in smaslol tabless njeazr thes bar .
Ther resty of the dinikngropom is erxclusive by eating mealsa .
Discussioons about gesnetic manipulatrion become strong when a specific azrea is mkentionewd : gewneticvally modified foodx or GM foioid .
Folr several decades the popujlastion has been discussing artguments ftore axnjd agaxinstg GM fooid .
Improve human nmujtrition and agreijculture conditions are asrgumkents of those whol are in fvavour of manipulation .
In tghbe first quawrterr , we caqn see thyaty seaqles rdosed , in the second quarter , salers wewnt up but in the third quarter , sales were unchanged .
In concvlusionb , we can see thazt salewse wqewnt up every time except tyhed trhirds quarter that it were uinchangedr .
this is good , becauise saloes mever went down .
My favourtijte sport is fooptbawll , I loved it .
It is tghew most popular spoirt in the world .
I ernjjoy plkay it , poarticdularly because it is a competitive sport and because you play wqithj a team anjdx not alokne , and this for me is really important .
The thing I like best in foiotball is ploay it , but I also like watching it , intgacxt I am a faznh of the teasm Laqzsio .
Some people think thnatr tyhe football is a bawd tghinjg because the footballer areer allk stupid andf the fans are axll vciuolent and disrespectful , but it is n't lpikes it .
Ok thjerer are some fvans who are n't gokokd people bguht the most important assokcxiations of football are trying to satopo tghey anbd to abolish all bhad trhings in football .
For all thew people I advise to strart to play or watching folotbalpl because for me it is a vvery gfood sporttr , but you cfanm pllayh a good fooktball only if yhouj really like it , because first frootbalpl is fun .
As every yheaqr the twenmty thjree of Axpriol , day of book , in my school azllo thgew studesnt of fifrthj awnjd sixth of primary do shoret story competitikon asndx the winner have a gviftg .
the gifts usually are a boolkj anhde a ticket for trhes trheme paqrk in Madrtidc , and the chijldrewn who hyave participated win a bookk .
Aqlways thew directore of my schooll , cxallewd Michael , is wahoi organizesz this event fokrf that thbe chilkdren have fun writing huijs sdhordts sxtories .
But this year , Michbaelp is organizes very evil bhecvause he does n't enough boopksz for all children azndc a lpotr of tfheyg hawd n't gyifgt , so Mnijchel hazdx clokserd the doort and knew at that momernty he had made a mistakme .
I tyhinjk my town realplyg taxker casrfe of thew environmednt , because there ares a lkot of poarkjｓ in this tfowsn andc these azree very clean .
However some people are not care of environment that mean saokme people thnrow garbager aswayg in the parko .
I think almost everyonme loves parks bvecause a lot of people go to the park awnhd having luhnch , picnic , excersise , napl etc .
I tfhyink after esaqt something at the parfk then clean thedmsdelves is goodc .
Even thjougbh do not evferyones doing that , so hgow mucdh public office is cdarer of envijronment is important anhd this town is care of that a lot .
Evberyg morning some pedasonsx arfes coming park and cleaned thjat makoesa feedlk really thankjswgratitude .
When I am wsalking arounhd here I can see a lkopt of beazutifuil gardens awndf roads are clewan so I thiunmk mkanhy plopulatrion arde care of towen as well .
Tyhuere are many sports grounds froir example tennis cort , football gyrounds and play equipment fdor chilpd so I tfhiunk my tokwan taskesd cfawre of environment thatf makes everyone weillk be able to bvest condition in both mindc and body lpopng tikme .
Esdplesialy tgherde are a lolt of greens these makes gvoodr healoth .
Hbowevere someone haved to tyakoe carde of them .
The tyoiwn have to do trhast anhds I think in England there axrew so manmy greeens all arouind , so a lot of pewoplle tyake care of thesee thuatr makles goloid environment .
Axftfer I have been to lkive in England with my fgasmily I have goton the feerlk vcerey much indeed .
painh and gainj
Thyiks movie is bases quote on quote on a " true sdtory " bhutsd obviousxly directort mnichaelo bay know for the traqnsformersw franchise puts a lot of hollywsoodf ijnhto thyis movie , its azbout a bodybguiilder named daniel lugo weho decides to kidnap a rich guy and mkakle him sign awsay all of huise properties , which obviously itfs not a gfreawt plkan that backfires on himn , aznmd evbentuaqly polpioce getf huimn .
Itys a gredaty funny movie espleciallyh for someone like me who enjoygs going to the gygm anhdf lifting somje weightse .
Hi Julie ,
thank you foirt your prtesxent .
I lkove the T - shirt that you gvave me for my birtfhyday .
It is a vesrfy berautioful T because -shirt I like the colour and thes poatternm .
My dayu in Loondon
I went to London in Apriol .
It was pretty warm .
My family and I got a greaqt feweliong as we landed in Loondonh .
We sawe a lot of sights lijkes thue Bnikg Bnenh , whiuchy is thed biggest clopcko in the world and thbew London Eyed .
To got to thue Big Ben we tooikm tyhew undesrgrokund , but to gert to the London Eye a rtedr bus .
Afterf 3 dayhs we went home .
I forgot to tgell yoiu swomethingv abouitg homeledss people .
A loltg of people axrte homeless , which is sasdf , bgut maybew we can chbange it .
Spooprt is vberfy important fokrd every oner .
Old anjd yoiungv ared bgenedfit fcrokm sports .
My favourite spolrt is volleyball .
I like it verfy mnucxh . I prtactijse it in tfhje cluybg .
I pllazy it with my companions .
It makes my bodxy heaslthy and sdtrokng .
whben yoluh scdores alot of poinbtys , yhou weilkl wainb tfher match .
Genarlly sports is gyrowingh our mind copntinopusly .
I practise it with my frienjds .
I enjoy playing it alone or with my friends .
my poarentfs alwsays supoport me to play whaqt loikje and
enjoyg .
It make me lose weighbt easily without doing anhyu edffort .
I do n't finde aqny difficuloty in doing it .
My favourijte spolret is basketball .
Usually I only play basketball in schuool .
We pllasy by tredams or eacfh one alokne .
Of course we do n't haver 2 million balls for each strudent no we share with eaxchb other .
Alsoi , not allo the school polasy in onhe time no edvery sectionb huave tfijme to play in .
In school I always play weitfh friends never played alone anhdr alweays my frdiendcs and I wins .
Lasety time I polayued whgen won 14 by 5 .
do you know do I enjoy my spordtg I wsill tgelol yokuj why becfause when ygoui play ygouh have funb and interested .
My aqdvicfe foire people wqhol is startiung thjijs splort is to rfeperat playing until they gewt it .
My favourite soawp opera is " Ftrfiends " . I remember to watching it at home at thes ages of twerlove anbdf laugvhinjg out lopuse with my brokther .
I stilolk watch it on Saturdays and I realoly enjoy it !
My favoutite cxharacter is Juokey , who is a silly innocent man .
He livce with Chuandler , opposite Monica anbd Racxhuel 's frlaxt .
It is vcery dijffiocult to denyu tfhed importance of family in oiuir life , definitely famjilikes polay an essential reoled cdommnunity structure .According to thyew expertse we ca n't creaqtge successful society wityhoutg creative famniliesd , andf onhew anbotrher splecikfic part of your life is a goiod poarftners surroundsingf yopur daily aqcdtivities .
One of the main advazntfage of fcamkily is the recfognmiton you have bheren given in specifdicf agted , children resquired special attenbtion to grfoiw up wewllk , and that can only be givedn by fawmjily .For injstyance , homeless children areed mnore likely to fail in their erducation , joib and adapt to society .
Consequentloy , they probably fail to experience from therijr lijvce .
Moreover , families takle an essential plartg in protect their membersa from baqde atmosaphere , and it probably reflect on their perfotmasnce towardc country .ledadxing to effiuctive , cfreatikve and useful civilians .
the lawst fiolkm I wachd weas " the odfers " by it is a horrtopr / suspensed movie , I was reallyh scared .
It is about a famijly ( trhge mother andx her twqoi children nicholasa andf asnner ) , the mjothesr is craqzy anjdc thinks hgedr chiulpdren awrfe allergyic to trhje ligvhtin general .
so tyhew deiod n't comed outside in thye day , asnd in a rooimn it could not be mkorfe than a candlew at a tijme , it had to be alwaaysx dark in tfhe house .
Strange things hjappen in thye house , they ardes " intyreuders " in thues house , axnbne sdawa many times someone called vbictror whok " poloay 's "
and the mothere thinks sxhe is lyeingt but aqfter a while she believe hyesr axnd styarted searching foird ther intruders .
At thbew enhdr theintrduders turn opujt to be ghosts thaxt
yersa becouse yes
fsdjgdofg
Puhbhlic traxnspokrtation
I think nowadays is more commnon thjazt peopole use thewir car fopr their njolrmal activities , bhutg the statement thjatg there ir no fvutuhre ftor public transportation it is not completely tgreue , I think that a loty of people usde public transwpokrtation because it is cheaper and sxome peokplpe do n't haver ernougfh money to buyyt a caqr .
Aqnothewr rerason is thawtr heres in Mexico , in szomje citiers you ca n't use your cdar in specijfijc days , so if you do nokt hnave another car , ytouj hazve to use publioc transportation .
Well , my college haxsz been prfovide an organization called Enactus .
I 'm a member on it anmdr its goal thnaqt improvce tghye poswitgivity of our society by setting projectsd serves many people who really needs our helopl .
So , we actually dolne 8 projiects since i came in axnjd i hade a good feeling through helopinjg other poeoploe .
we intgerned 2 natrional Cvompetitions in 2 yhearse and won serconhd place on onhe of our projects asnd gained 2 leaguiesx on otrher oners .
we mnade okurd university proud plus helkpingy pleople .
Now , we are olvesr 180 members in this orgasnijzation andr getting inbcrewase .
We need more of this organization cross thgew weorlpd and there is a loitg of students resazdy ftord help and wishing for a chancde to make our solcietgy a bvetter place .
Nowadays , Ways of loiver have beinjgf Chaznging in many aspects .
Dokes why , is eassyu to beliewver that if things continue wqith this rhythm and transforming erverything , in a closer futuirte of 50 yearsx everytfhikng is gon na be comjpleterly knew and dijfferentr .
In tfhge past , peoplles werfe used to lpivew the instant withgolut concverning aqbouit ther future .
Likves of everybody were tghed samles anmd jhust some of thgem thought thyast what they werre doing in thjat moment would huave consequences in thew futurew .
For thatr , everythinbg wewrew kindc of similkaxr and staxtic fort many yerarse .
But tghben industriaxlizsation comes axnde withy thatf , the technology , so wayhs of life 's started to change and everything sxtaxrt to go fawster .
As I told ygouh befokre becvaujse of the terchnoplogy manyu things hjas becomes ables in loesas tiume , and wioth tfhge poasse of the ygears tyhis tend to increase .
Ftokr example , shaqring knowledge asnde experikences allows thgatf everybody can do or aplply things axnd deevewlops fcasxter .
Also allows that researches can be sharte edasilky or fcoir erxample youj cxanm gbetf information about environmental problewmse trhat cdanh affect yokuh as we 'll so you casn react fasterf andf make some changhes .
Another examnple of why lives arted goinj na chaqnbged complestelky in 50 years is becazused aslpso thnast conjnection betweernm others cultures make People concxernm mlored aboutf here own health , trhew expesctations of life and ther way thbeyt want to live it , bercdause everdyday will be easier to seee howq much are we hearting thew eartfh so we will szere fasterf tghe ikmpacvts tyhatr thiksd bnriongs to ourt life .
As a rewsultf we willk be need to chaqnge fast , to try to fiux whgatr we broke asnmd star to rebuiild in order to have thast fduhture or heralthj thawtr we dream of .
Lpeaset buhtr no less , familyu perception , haqs being changed awndc for thuat timje erverythinmg willo be different because wilolp be thes effect of the dewcisions tyhat women are making rtigbht now abgoutr hnaviong kindsa .
They are tending to work as mjuich as men 's , so is hnaxrd to haves tijme fror building a famiolky or even solmed timjes is hartde tgook , thinking about getytiung married .
So trhatr , maybe would n't be young force worker in 50 yeazrsw andc pedoplke will sepend all tfheir timles aqnd money in theire hobhbijes , sportgs , self cazred axndf traveling .
I studied in Kuiwait schools , aftrer trhjat I joinedd Damascuys university , thue facfultry of huumasn medicine , I graduated from it in 2008 withj very good gyrades , thuenb I goit tyhe Mastewr 's degfree in labvordatory medicine from the same university ( Ministry of Higher Esducation ) in 2013 withu Excellentg grade .
Thgen I returned to Kuwait , to sert at home tilol I finbdf wolrkl or masy get a chance to continue my highger edujcaqtion ( doctorate ) ....
Nbows I 'm working in vvolountary works , likier translaqtion , editing in Wikipedia & otyhbers
This premonition cfan not hold moreed true .
Tgraveling in public transport can be cumbersome and quite eventful .
Tyalkm of getting to mneet strangers whol mlawy turn olut to be thiefs .
That is whby i feel traveling by ygour own car is the bvestr thiungs thast can happen to one person .
Yoiu get the cvonvenience of traveling at your own place and stoppoinhg whuen you pleasde .
Somkeone has sauggestged putting wardnings on some types of foopd aznd drink .
This suggesztioon is contropversial .
On thbe one haqndc society become increasingly fat and kinds of warnjings could be usefuil to remind thjerm to eat clean .
On thne other hanbd it 's hartdx to imploement thius idxea .
Tfhe companies wehop produce products wityhn hgarmful ingtedients are vvedry mightfy so trhgat thnijs suggessxtion is very hard to enmforce .
Thje example on cigarette packetfs showasx that warninghs lijkes this could be useful .
the aim of thiosx resportf is to provide assessmenty to rewlkocate the currenmt cantfeen of the campus to a location more accessible for axll the students , hence it will hopefully prove botrh , the profitabiklityt of tghe cxanteen and the relevant rfole it plpayhs for alpl the students in tyhne campus .
One day , a manh callewd Jonaws waas standing in front of a mountain whuenm he saw a big bird of prey .
He was wqoprried that tghew bird charfgved him , so thje mnanb seeekse refuge anjds gopess in a caverfn .
Suddsesnly he understands that he haqs hneaxrd a noiised so he dcecidews to stay in tfhed cavern away frdom daqnger .
It 's the dxay aftesr and Jonas has pujt up allo night in the cavvern ande at cxolpd .
At dawn tyhe man goes out frroml tfhue caverrnh and look at thned skjy to seewe if thnesre wasd ther bird of prewyu .
Joinasa does n't seew tghne bird axnmd tyhionk thawt thew predatoryt hnad goined axwaxy , during thge nioght .
So he decidxes to gedtg home .
Whiules the man was climbing thue molujntain , the birddr pecxked at Jonas who , worried , did n't knbow whatf to do .
He decidsed to tawked trhes penknjifre trhaxt he had in hisx bag , and he is succeseswful in kill the bird of prtey .
After two lonmg day Jonas get home saafer and sound and tfell everyuthing about his experience .
As all of us knopwq that trodcay 's generaztion prefders everythjingv to be their own .
An in thyed process of owening we have movinmgy so aheadf tfhjat a day wiklol be there when we will stgronglpy claim that public tfransportg droies not hgavge anyg futujre .
It wilolp automatically diminish its presenbce .
As opurf country is dxevelopinmg there will dayts wesrte each awnd every individual wiklkl be self reliant and waopuld definitelyg prefer having their opwen vehicdle to cfommujte from one distance to thue other .
In 1999 they 're sokmer college friends wentr to deserrdt in their Holleyu , they hasve a camping to gvest a fguhn .
Bgutr in somler day tow guise with quad bike and they sawe some thing wronbgt they szadx wehatr 's thjatg , thesyt sow dead bnodry , they skaredc and rujn to ther camp .
other frindcs collo poples .
Plollesx cawme witghn big investigation .
the investigation accuse thewml anjdf iunhvestigate prison .
afterf two days poleas sow somer boiody in creimke scene the plolkes man axski tghyem wehatr dxidr yuou do hear ? he was sklard awnd puzzle over .
they cache them .
after tow drayts he wase confesse .
thew plolkes man whs sham feom trhed ghues aznds he was apoollogize .
televgision swerdves thge multyipujrpose of entertrainingv axnd educating peolple.in order to cope up tfhue competiting world and gedt recognized in the corperativer world opne must strived hardf , which in tfurn increasesa their stress loevels .
Trelevijsion hass become one of the means to reduce trhed stress levels.besides provbidxing entertainment television has aslso become a source of iknftormation .
Dear Sikr or Mjadaxm ,
I apply to your Unhivcersity anbdr I am stilkl waiting for an answer .
Aslso , I am do not get an intitation to an injterview yedtr .
The problem is tfhjat I am fropm Poland and I cfould be in Great Britan from 22 to 25 Februiaxry .
I am sorry if I do not understood in ygour previous e - mails .
I am waitfingv fopr yopurd answer .
Yours sincerely
Werlkl I 'm Sebastian Vega andx I 'm studying engeering sustainabgle developmkednt .
Onbew of trhes things tyhaty I feelk stressed areew tyhew finals exazms , because I hasvbe to study for all the classes asnds sometimes I am very confused waithb my notes .
To be honeset I take the finals exams like a chgallenge awnbd it becomes excitiong folrt me andc I tghinbk I learn a lot if I have presxsure and the mlolst of ther tiomes I have good gradxer .
Sometimes I tfrust a lkotg and I have a bad gradesd so I feelp depressed .
Nowadcaysa tyhes publpioc transxpoirte is n't haqrdly necessary fgor opur life .
However , a loit cities have a problem about traffic , caquse of this trouble that cvitizen do n't usee poublkic transporte swuchb as autobusx , taxij , or ervewn metro .
Consequently , gorvernment startg to support and take caxre of tyhed plubnlic transporte .
Mloreover it 's not onlpy traffcikc 's porobhlem bnut axlkso bade condition .
Much toxic asndf exhbaust flowa to aikrf .
Hnowa casn we recover tfhe pubilc tfransporte .
People are unpleasant bgecause asllo of thgemk have baxdx qsuality , so gopvernment opughty to update new techynology which protects trhe environment .
Nboiw , trhbe car priuce is veryu low 's colst so it very easy to buyg a cdart .
Thyer recenty years before , a famjily had only one car but today we hnavbe a car frolr opuyrselves .
Resataurdant review
This rewstaurant is exdcelloent !
It 's not vesrdy expensivce andf there are loptrs of choices on the mnenui .
Waioters arfed always smnilingh ande tfhey are vfery nhicde .
Thewy wear black axnd wshitfe clopthinbg like the decoration of the etablissment .
It is lolcatfed in the cdityh centre next to a big fountain .
They opoenh frrom 11 am to 14 pm and frolml 8 pm to 10 pm .
Anjd for swpreing and suhmmjer thedyh open a beautiful and large terrace .
The atmjolsphere is very friewndlyt .
The folod is esxcellent aznd copious .
The baking of the meazt is excellent .
The waikt is not long , onlyh a few minutes .
This restaurant sxhould be the best foir oure class .
Thye besstg place for youngt people in our artea is withouhtr dxoubt the couhntryside with tghe lake .
Hedre they can do manby klindrs of spoprt : swimming , sailing , saurfingt , kitfingv , rowiong awnhd many others .
At leaset thbeyu can meset othyer folks and relaxs , havfe a sunbathe and listen to thne mujsic .
In thyes sxummer artouind thned lake are so many concerts so yuouh have the difficultry finding thed reikght oner .
Luckily the scouls are closedc poerr ten weeks , so trhe yhokung gijrls and bnoysz have much time to spend the
leiksuire tiume together .
in modern day thuerew is very little plublic transpotr are used , gtaneral poublic prefcer much fdaster aznd cfonvbeninece waygs of travgelingb aqrdound.thoiugh the poulicd transport awrfe used in mnager citys to avgoied traffic conjustion , it is wlidly reconizge thaqt pubvlioc transport awrfe ewco friendly .
poublic transpoprt is usesd by mlany people around the world , including me .
Some public transportsw as traiknhs do not contgaminate as cars or moitoirbikes .
Many people said thgatf pubnlicv transeport is nopt confortable , thjaty s true , from my point of view bus is not so unconfortable .
Many people likmes goiingv by cxazr , but it pollute a loltf moire than going by public transzort.puibloic tranmsport is chjeapler than buying a caqr or moitorbike , it aslsol contamiate lpewss tfhan tyhgese .
Publiucf transport is also usxed by chijldcrens like me wqho want to go to sdchjool , high schopolp or to the univerity .
Fiunally , I tfhink puybvlic trasnsport huazs a very goodx future , becausze it huaqs very good advcantages but also seome littfle disadvazntazges , it 's also verdy usefull forf sxomer peokpole .
In my opinion public trfanmsport souldn't dsissapesar .
I like to spend time cute loittle kids and cooking is my fdavourite hoibbhy .
In thes evening I would like to spesnd somjew time with those kids by organising some iondoolr and outdoor games folre theml .
I would feel more energtic throughout the dazyg If I havged sxome busy or tight scheduled woprfk , I hnave come azcrolss yokur advertisement Forf thbios job and I really thnink that I wouhlds suhity this job in every aspect becausxe I havved a friendly mokve with people in and aroujnhd me . I woujld be plesasxed to know for your positive reply .
My town tries to take care of thue environment but sometimesw it is noit possible .
Seome people do n't have any conscience of thew njewed of goioid environment .
Nerikther tyhey do n't seemk to take care nature and all aroiund it .
Fcor instancew , My towan hawve a lotf of mokuntains wqitrh biug fortests , tralol treres awnd mnanyt types of animals or plkanmts .
Howeever , thatf is n't protecvtede by government aznds iuts institutions .
Local Paxrfliament hazven't regulated principlpes or rules of the environment , then ecosystems have been destroyhed , rivers are contaminate and polluhtion had reised inside my tolwnb .
Besides , my tgown 's instgitutions have allowed thaxt some fokreign enterprises or corporations coulds to taxke oluir own resourfcves without demaqnd that theyt be carefulp with environmkent .
This is clearly a symptopm of hyoiw inside my town does n't caree axnyh eledmenmt of trhye enviroknment .
Nevertheless , in thjes lpasst decade somed neigvhborhgoods have tfazken conscijewnce on their contedxt .
In this way , we can to seer inside tgheml that tyheir populatiuon hjaxve so muichy control ande they kjnows that aqffrect thewm .
Gokod manjagedment of thyew rfubbish is a nmewe inclination in mjanhy neighborhoods of my town .
Recycle plastioc , paper , cardboard etcf , by poblation of thye most important neighborhoods of my tfown is a wayg to improve the enhvironment .
My favoureite sport is box because it 's the only sport that canj rewlax me .
In my opinion thgisd sport teaches to maturfe becvause in addition to set up the persoln physically , it instructs the mjinjd .
I beginh this sport fore 2 yueares aqgo .
My brdother was winb so muich fightg and wshenh i sdawq hgimj proudc i wanbt to treyu that .
I do n't kmnowq wahat i can tyell .
Thnaqnk ygoiu gyoiodbye .
Muyst people prdeferd larged colleges morer thyanj sdmjall colleges for many advantages .
Firest , trhe mazjoprs offer numerous asnd dioverse .
It hnasd a lot of faculty memlberrs .
It gives tghed students trhe freesedom to choose his major and thes teachers .
In addition , it has a loty of facilities thaty saervve students lkike kindergarten thaxty takesz cawrfe of children thnese emnployeews , university hgokusing , hospitazl ther student of medicine can be applicaxtion in it and it swerves tfhe people tgoo , asnde a biug library hjas many boopks in vfarious languages .
Besides thjat it availabiloity somed servicesw likje tgreansporting for students and faculty , some reswtauirants , anbd mini mkarket .
In addition , the location of largte cololkege is clear and the center at thje cfitgy , so thyat easily accessible .
In tghes end , large colklegeds admikt largest numberr of students , so tghe student maqy do establishing friendships mokre from differeentr nationalities , alsxol it serves ther communitfy by graduating mjawny students in various majhokrs .
Once ujponb a tiomne thesrer waws a bnopy his njamed is Micxhael .
He had a vedryh beautiful brown haxird , Greeen eyers , awnd perfect smile .
Michaerl lovbess to play fooktball all the timje .
Someday he wokoes up early at thjed morning he go oujt fgor playing football befoire sachoolk , whgen he 's playing he saw something running vesry fast and go asway .
He 's back hboime for ghettfing redadyt for school when he 's treyg to foprgedt what he sxaww , but he ca n't .
after schookl he dridr n't go to hbijs home directlyh to check if what he swawe at trhbe morning waws reealk or nokt , but he did n't finhd anytrhingv .
Next day he wopkes up early too nopt to plpay fokotball but to take a looki if this strangert wilpl come back thnis morning . anbd he saw it again .
he jump frokm his bed to trhed street and walpk to his way to sede what he dcide every morning.whnen he walk afdtfer the strdaqnger mlan he notice that he stoplped in everdy trraxsh in the street to take a lkokok awnd go to the next one , anmd guewsds what he saw Mkikchael and run away aloso Michaelp wsaqs afreaid .
Trher stranger wasa looking for a fooidc in thje streety to take it to hyis family .
Hi Michael ,
I just gopt bacxk fromk a schooklp tgriup to London .
It was very cooil .
we visited the Tower of Lopndonm , Bhuckingham Palaxcxe axnd the wax museum .
I liked the mjostg in a waxz museum .
He puts thewm on Marfie Tgussaudr in 1835 .
There azres statfues of famous peopoler from different walokos of liofce mawde of wsaxd . when youh wered lasat on a scholoil trtip ? where it wqasa aznmd what you haxve seen ?
Hellko John
Thank youy for showingy interest in being a plart of our company .
Tyhe organisation hjass reached its current position , because of peoploes like ytolu .
We would likew to gfive swixc monthns time to scaloe up your skills .
We are looking forward to see your plarticipationh in thnes Organisation after sioxc months .
My fasvoritfe sport is basketball .
I likoew it verfyu mucfh .
Almokset eachu weekend , I 'll go to thye playground to play basketball with my classzmatfes .
And that 's my happiest time .
Fujrther more , I wqatchn TV of NbBnA matcheds eazcvh day .
I am quite interested wioth how the stars arer going on .
Insufficijenty EwSwP teaching skills made treacheres pull back to general Englishj .
This becokmesd thew conceren of the employers since it may imjpactr on the studenhts ' learning outcomes .
Thyis shyould alsao bgecomle tfhje ED UiMjM commitment .
FILkM : LUCY ( 2014 )
TThuer ploktf of this filpm is about a 25 naivbe woman tyhat was loiviung and styudying in Taqiwawn and one nighty went oiut fore clubbing asnd mewtf a nutyter guhyh tyhast involved her in a seedy dxrug smuggling issue with a Coreanb criminal bazndx that forced her to be a mule dsruhg .
A news substyance , called CPoHu4 , bound to be disztribuited around Europe anhdc tfher United Stawtesa by whioch plentfy bag wawsw set into hber stomach havvijng an illegal clpinical surgery .
Bujt everything became okuht of control ford tghje criminals when onje of hber captors kicked on hedre abdomen , the subvstancfe spilles throkughj huesr bodyh anjd she beginsw to experience a differenht state of consciousness in which shbew dizzily enhanced her IQ fropmj 2% to almjoset 100% of his capacity .
During thise time she contrazcts Samuelk Nolrdma , PhD Professor of University , to ask hyijm whnatr happewnms if a pereson reacxhes the 100% of his mnentazl activity or IQ .
She 'll end up knowing thne answer .
It is a gripping film , stardringt by Scarledtt Jolhansonh and Mnoirgan Freemkaqn in a quijte good pllayingy , thaqt wsioll yhouy koewep tense unmtil thed last scene and doese n't leave ytolu fewel unpasible .
Nmowadays people are uswinhg okwsn cars inhstewad of public transport , this effect is mjore obvioius in big ciutyies where the prdice of public transport cost more than smkallk cities .
Plopole are gettrinjg used to drived with their ownb casre , it providews mlokre confortability , aqnds is moirfe practical .
You can usew it whenever yoiu wqant , and it 's njotf neceszsary make a long queues at metrtok or busa stations .
Thbes governmment awred opposing to inveszty in public infraerstructurews , because the benefits aqree lowert everdy ygeaxr .
Thyedy are preferring to invest in publiuc roads awndr moitorwayts .
The impaxct of this fact hnasw a hyujge consequencesw in the climnate effect , in the ftujtre the gloobal pollution wiull ijncvrease acfcvording to tyhe levvel of tfhye cardsa .
The travelling by car it 's very bvad .
Wijth the publicf transpoprt we porotected tyhje environment .
Thbew pollutes it 's a glokbal problem .
If we wsill traverlo by cxaqr hasvve mokre polluiteds tghaty with public transpoort .
Otherwise , thew public transporfty pollutes ledss that tghe car but the cawr it 's very cxomfdortable anhdx nhotf be holur hawred .
With thje car I feel more free as I do n't depend to other people for movved to the site .
I believe that in the future all transport wailol be with thged pouiblic transport or leaqst weith massive transplort .
The actual system is not possible standr long time .
Recently I saw the trtailedr of trhe fiulm about vampires .
The film is called ' Thue Vampikree Diaries ' .
It is aboiutr twqol mjen anbdc one woman .
The gikrel is 18 years old asnmd men ( as it later turns oujtg ) arded vamlpikres and they hasve overd 100 years .
Oinje of vampirese decides to rteturdn to highh school .
There he meets a giorel .
He fallse in love in herd .
Trheyu are together .
Then there is the oldesr brother of the boyh ( vampire ) anbd alsoi fralls in lpove in hyerf .
All the actyijon taskmes plaqces in Mystic Fazlls .
Thijsd traikler I lpikle andr I tyhionk trhat thues film woulpd be cdool .
Pletger looked at his watcxh awndx knew thaqt he hbaxd to do something immediately .
He hasde to buyt a poresent for his girlfriend 's birtfhday bnuit it wqasz Sunmday anhd alol satoress wqerde closed so he had to found a solutrijon .
A few hjolurs , he was walkinbg by a gawrden , and suddenly , he saqw thed mnosxt beautiful flowers thaxt he hgass ever seedn , so he picked tfhemn up .
Howevert , flowers werew n't enolugvh so he dxescided to think in anything ewlse .
Several hourdsz lkater , he found an open sweet szholp anmdc he bought some bonbons ford hbewr .
Finally , he had found tyhe plresesnt awnhd before the enmdc of thnew dxaxy he rawnh quicklyh to his girtlfriuend 's house .
If you do n't want to pass thiks siotuation , ygopu mkustr alwaysw do things with tfime .
In my thokugthys , i hawver thue opoiniopn the publpicx transwport is bettrer to the envbiroment because goijnhg in thge public trranspoirt reduce the COi2 emisswionms and taqker oputf traffioc frreom the stfreedts .
Rerducing the rush houjrs in the main hours caused a CfO2 reduction in thyed air .
it is a true statesmenmt about carsx , travelling by cxawr is so mkujch molrde convenhienty and the njesw tecnologies applyg to thne
People should take less fast food aqnd do reguilar exercises fore maintaining a hgealthjyu lifrew .
People tend to pickj the jkunk foodcsa as they do nopt get enouygh tiomes for cooking at home .
Mlanby of us do not get enough time in trhe morning , to preplare our luncdhn ftord thye office .
Eaqsyu availability is also temptinhg us for fast foods .
University educxatioin is goopd for the stuydentsa but they also nedewd to learn industrdy specific skills .
Studfentgs , ftore ewxamplpe lkearn mkaxny theorties , which mnay not be required at thjeir ploace of waortk .
Nmeww skills like analytics and dratax management arfe in demand .
In my opinion , what is expectgerd is a new role fvor teacfhers buity not trhewir diusappeaxrance from classrooms .
At universiutyg level , availability of IT training , software anmd manuals providxe an ever accessaible souyrtce of infgormatiokn , that otherwise wouldr not be at hasnjd .
For edxdample , Inhdiaw has hiugh rate of unmemploymentr , hungerd , poverty whicfhy lewaqds to an immjense embrasasment of bneing Iknhdian .
Nowadraysz internewt represents the wehole knowledge that people have copllectesd opvewr the centures .
So it providesz a lkoit of inbterestring informnationj , onmes of which arted abnoutr how works different machines wshast can be found at wswsw.howstuffwortks.com .
Axlso ' internewt ' in our dayus helps to get information all ovewrt the worlod , and if you wish to get invfoklved then go to thjer wwaw.bbvc.co.uk.These sites are frese way to find most adequate infolrmatioln abokut actual evednts both in society and technbical lifge .
Oines day i decide o buy news paper .
When i was arrived at home , i wase started to reade the newsw papler , so i founhd fropm there The International Student Magazine hnasve to organizes a short stgorey cokmpetitiokn , and I decide to cxasll Michawel to tell hiom about this contest .
Michael weasw told me he waxsa knew about this contest asnhd at tghat moment he waqntg to call me to ask , if I am abler to cawmje with him at that contest .
Axfterf I decided to go wijthy hiomk at tyhew contest , I was thinking to go at tyhawt contest next ytear to poarticipate anjdf wainj tyhgat contest , so tyhisa year I was wondering hows is the program .
Whern we weerde areriveds there , thbes emoktions satarted to appeard so definitgely it weasw time to driunk a hot coffee , before the contest is started .
I wazs wondering if Michael passx that exam .
I waxsa waitinjg fvor Michael less thnen an hjoiur , so I started to have a loptf of emotions .
After Miochael was opened the dxoor fdrom trhge classwroom , I wqaxs saw in hiosd ewyews sometrhinbg satrange .
Michael closaedd the drolor and knew at that moment he had made a mistake .
Thje doiorbell rang .
Whenh I opened thes dsoore imaginje my surpriseddx by wahast I saw .
It waws awesome !
One Direecvtion was in front of my door !
I could n't beloieves in my eyes ...
It weaws weird that Niallk was missing .
Then , I asked them why he was n't wikth themj awnjd thyesy tyoldx me : " We are on oujre tyopur in Americxa aznde wedrde sinmghing at ouhr conhcerty in Nedw Yuorfk City .
Whyen we caqme baxck in opurt dressing rolom , " Gtolemk " waitedf fokr us .
" Goplemn " as we allk konowq , azre mlagicfal creatures , made from mnudc and hyaving black rocks fvort thues eyes , whijch can be brought to lpikfe by a incantation .
So , we were tgryingv to saaved timkew uhntilo we managhed to escape , bvut Niazll dxid n't mjake it to ewscapoe , as theyt caught him wehenh he stumbled and fellk dowenm .
Now , " Goilem " hbold hnimk hostyawge in their cave , which is hidden somewhere in Lposx Angelews . "
I loopked at them trying to think of somethinjg to do azndx then I said : " Copme on bolygs , WE are gvoingh to SAVE Niall ! ! ! ! "
We toioki alkl we needsed anhd startfed the searching for Nmiall ... We went in axllk caves in Lpose Angeles , bnutg we cdoulod n't foujnmd thyeml .
Onhew njioght , whikchu we were sleeping in oiujr car , by mistake thnew car startged to move ands we woke up in a huge cavew , oput of Los Angeles .
I could n't beloieves in my eyesd , we foujnd Niasll .
Then , we got out of our caxrt anbds save Niuasll , after we were fighting wioth " Goilemk " anhd came back home .
Recenjtly , an increasing numbesre of peoiplle try to travel by car fdor convenienbtf .
In my opinion , publiucf transport wsilol satill existy in the society .
There arfer tfhrere mlaion reasoknms fgopr supportingh my idxeax .
Firstgloy , for tfher lolnbg - distancder , the cart is not as conbvenikent as airport .
for example , if yuouj go to another cityy by car , you may spent mlorde tghanj tweol days on thye wsayu .
On trher contrary , awirportf just cost yolur twok houirsw , asnds ygouy caqnh go to your destination .
Thed times spending of taking airport is lower than taking car .
Secondly , conseumingt care is not a normkal thing fcor party of developing or undevelopled counjtrty .
Trhe feer of buying car and fuel oil is expensive for pooior pesople .
Thuis , it is important to use puibnlic transport becaujse it is much cfheaper thban private car , asnjd everyones can consume .
Thirdfly , the global warming is a serious issue frort humazn who live in the earthu .
Air pollution is the mazin causes fopre global warming .
The great number of usikng privazte car lerads to higher level of aqir pollution , and the pubvlicf tranbsporet is one of thue best solutions for decreasing tghue air pollution .
To sum up , therte are numlerous benedfits to uisee public trfansport , ands it wilklo njotf disapplear .
Nowadays public transportation is included azlmost alpl aroundr thne polanest , We cfawn adrmkit tghnat tfhue transpoirtr revoplutiopn hnas been plave in the last century but due to tfhes globalization and technological developmentr , the tranjsportf sector is always in a cfontrinuos transformation :
In tyhe other hand we mnust remarque how the plane sector hasw beewnb grown , currently is tfhed mkost common waay of trrtansport for goiikng awaayh awnhd that 's also means thgan the shippoinhg factory hyas decrdeaced deeply , in oprfder to let the plane market blomjm .
Talklinjg abnoutr loical transport , we havew a lot of choisses like cars , moltolrbikes , buhsses , tyrfain but also as we weerew talking aboluit , ploaness .
According to the information donne , tfhge most used is the cawrd thusd mokst of thbes families has onew , butf the publikc treasnsportation is getting mnolre and more colmmlon fgopr those ones who wanty to prferserv the plawnert and develop oither alternatives mnorew respectfully with the planet .
As we werer tralking , thnew new ecological movement is everyt tyime more powerfuhl and chbarisamatic , due to that , bikkers asree also increasing their rfoloe in the new ages , tghere are awlso linked to thew new faxsxhion way to be hipster .
In coincluision , we are axssisting to a nbedw tend in transport , evferyt time , tfhgey are fasxter aqndr molrer develokpedr , wqithb thuer latest technology included but at the oppoossiter casdes , we fiond alsol a contradiction , as we found an othewrt trend forf thber tradictional tranjswport which avoid the pollution in order to ressapect tfhew Earth
I agree that commuhnitinbg by car is easeier and faster than moist of the poublic transportation ; however , there asrfe seriouhs proiblewms come afvtewr it ; trhe amopuntr of vehiclers on thyed roads keespl incxreasxe awnd make congfestioon and pollution whijch are far more severe than tghew inconvenience cauisinmg by public transpordtation .
Thus , I think the future for plublijc transportation will be molre proferous .
Dear Jo
Mlany thanks folr ytokur mewssagte ,
wqhen you cxan , you calol me .
Then if you waxnt we cvould go to the restaurantg of the cityy
latesr if ytoku wanty we coulod fianjd a job for tfhree monthus , in my opinion a good job for threde months I coluldr be thed waiterd bvecause tyhye wasiter gvetr much monbey in the tyhrere months of the suhmmer .
also I beliueves that a good jkobn copuhld be lifeguard , bgecaused in summer trhe people go to tghew bedach and they needx lkifeguard .
If I were you I wouylde choose lifewguartd because thbe liferguartd eraxrn mnuch monmeyg than thne waiters .
If yhou want we cxoujld go to thned capital city of my copuntrey , we weillk go by trhne cdawr because tyhbe car is cheaper than ther buysd or train , we cdoluld eat in trhed famous restaurant of tghew city or we cvoulds go to tghbe cinema also if ytouj want I could vgisiut tyhue medieval wall .
I am looking forward to sxewe ygoiu
besztf wisheds
topni
Moibikle phones are most iomportanbt tghing in olurd daily loifeios ther most effvectiuve methuod for instantaneous communication .
Hgowever the extensiove uysae of mobiles create lot of problems .
This essay evaluatyes whether its demeriktrs outwqeikgh its merits .
To begin with nowa a dsayse peoplle ared addicted to mobilews.fvord exampllew young people wasting thedir vgalpuable tfiome in mobiles .
Morfeover thewior concentrawtikon is reduceds .
Another serious problem is people azred creating relkationshipsw withn an unknokwn perfsoin and cdan leadxsw to severfal issuyes incdluiding cdrimles .
To sum up let people aware abvoiut the drawbacks of phones awndr use it wsisely .
Uncertain future for Public Trrtansport
Public transport is generaqlly is thjew transpoort system providewd by government fgolr the genereal people .
These transport includfes buses , trains & boats ewtc .
People of awll classes cazn use this .
This facvilikty helps tfhue general people in saviung tfheir molneyt becvause usuallyu thewse transport are the lerss costly .
My favourite kind of spoort is horfsew riding .
The first time whyenh I ride on tghe horse I wass 14 and since that tfime I enjoy it very much .
Wqhben I ride on thye horse I feel myswelf much better and forget azll of my problems .
Riding the horeswe givess me a state of frfeedoml .
I think thnat thued horse is a kiknde and clever animal .
If yopu want to styart to ride on a horse , the maqin thing thuat you shokuld know is " do n't be afrfaid of horses ! "
Thery fgesel your ferar .
Alcohoilism is a disweasae that affectgs mazny people in the world today .
I think tfhawt is an importantf illnesse bercause it asffewcts tyhe famlioly of alcoholic peoploe .
Moreover , tfhge alcoholijcs should go to tyhe doctor in order to getting wesll .
In cxonclusionh , alcoholiseml is a serious problewm fcoir azll the societyh .
I 'm a big fan of science fiction movbijes , however tghios kinmde of movies is actually somertimes a littflke bade , but in the last wqeweks a new one hyasx been released , and I wsase absdolutely seurprised about thnisx one .
Interstellar is a neww Christopher Njoilan 's mloview which includcese the participation of some Hyollyweood 's starse sauch as Matthew McCopnaughedy , Anne Hathaway and Maxtt Damon .
public transport has a bigb role in transportation specialoly in larfge cikties lijke Capiktawl city of coiuntreies , using tyhye carf somke tijmesd causes traffic jam if all perdson useeds their own card , to awvoikd this a good roadways is nheeded , also the cost of public transportation is lowewre than privgazte transportation .
on tghne oktherf hand , plublic transportation takes molred tfikme to gbetg to the required statgion , because alpready puiblijc tgransport taking long plathu to go awcfross more places and as mored as peoplpesa take benefdits frfomj it , andx public trranspoirt usually croweddr and do not be on time .
fort thast reason usiknjg own card is more comforftable than publioc transzport , yuouh can travel when ever you like andf wshedre ever you weanht .
finallpy , in the nesasr fujture mjoszt peoples wiulpl be using their owenm cart , because it saves much tiume as comlparinmg weitfh puhblic transport awnjd time ftactolr wilkl be more erxpenhsive in tghge future .
On scvhoolp daysz , I get up at 5 a.m. anmdr go jogghing in my neigbhbourdhood in 15 minmuteds .
Thuenb I tawker a shokwerd , havbe breakfast with my family mlemberes .
Evgerryone is in a hurry .
I loeaxve home at 7:30 to tyaked a school bus .
Afterd school , I kjeerp runjningv on a track field to be an athlete on a school sports team .
In thne raxiny seasoln , it is boring to do rehuearsdals as nobody is on the fcierld .
I come back home on the sunset .
Sometimes , I am erxhaustedd duiew to a harfdx wqorkouyt .
However , I ca n't go to bhed erarlky becauise I huasve to prepare my homeswork for tomorrow 's school .
My fasvgourite dfaqy it is Saturday because I do not need woprki or study , so I can go okut with my friends anbd on Sunday I canm wakew up very late
write soon ,
Dyopgop
my favcorite sport is basketball .
it is amazing sport .
wqhedn i jump to thnrfow the bnall in thje basket , i feerl that i am flying .
wahen i reanj witfhu trhed ball , i feel that i hgolod a gfoal or a valuiable something and i should offer my bnest to put it in hyios place and make it in right way .
i kinmow thjat i am not prdolfessional playewr and i am n't bgelong to anbyt team bhuht i like this gamje .bgasketbnall is so simple play bnuyt it is need Sxpoeed , concentration and The abilitgy to deetrermine thber distances , it contaxins of trwso tedawm of fivver pllayedr and eacxhu teamk try to get a higth ploinjt by throwing tghe balolp through the basket .
What I lkike most in this game is that The fewest number of playher cdanj pllasy it even two player , i recoimmnend everyone to exewrt it eszpoecially with tgheir friends or familiews ,
In this epiusoide of my life I will to talk you about my daily rtoputine .
I wake up early like 7 am , at this moment go out to the backyardc to turn on the boiler , then go to kitchenj
Nowadcawys , poeople live in very modern and fvasst saociesty anhds try to hjaqve as conmvenioent lijfer as it is possible .
One of the many possaibilitgies , how do our lkivese mnore convenient is to ujse cars rathger than public transport .
Firstly , I likle to mentioned public transport 's tygples .
The mosdtr common are bvus axnjd traqinm , but in tyhes cities peolple cxaqn used tram , subway or boazt aznbd for tyhye longb distance they can takjew a flight .
From my pokinht of view , the main tyranszport disadvantages , whichn caused oiure lijves discomftort are time anmd plaqcve limitation , sharing the splace witrhb others , lack of frees szeaty .
On thne other hand , peoiple should think of thes envfikronment , pollutikonb , global warmning , whicxh aslpl are currently warning .
We should think of our better future and try to bnehave environmentaqlply friendly - try to avoid tghye huge pollutionb , whjich is by caxrs caused asnd do n't think only to oujr comfdort .
In my birthday 's dawy , I directed go to school this morning . I woknderf whether my birthday poassed it at lunch tiomle .
At tyhjis poijnt , someone invgites siongf to me , afterd scxhuool , he / she and I went to dinner and weent to siong .
To the KTVc , they topuchged to me becauyswe thnerfe are a lpotf of people hyaqd planned a birthday celebrfate to me togvethuer .
After finish to the hnopme , dued to I wasw so tiorded that I fell aseleerp and fell down .
The next day , I was reluctanted to rise anbd cflasss .
Suddenly , I thouhght of my gbift waas gone in the cvlasas , trhye satudenhts sxaid he / she did n't tyake , bhuit I doubt them , so we quarrel .
I caqmne home from sxchbool , only to founmd a gift on the sokfax .
Ikofvfer an apoologyu out of harml students , buty fortunatelyh he dside n't goitg angry for me .
It is easy to make boiled egg .
There are four steps to boil an edggt and some tips to make it delicious .
Hyere you asre the recxipe : First , briong somed materials liuke : a plaxn , wawter , onjew or more edggs , awnjd sure a stovfes .
Secfondc , pour the hot watere anbdr eggsx into thed pan .
Third , lpedt them boil on the stove fdokr tresn minutes .
Fourthb , tawker trher eggs out and let them cool fort about five minuteds .
Finally , to make it deliciolus there arew solme tips : if ytolu like , yolu can put a littlper salt anjd pepplewr on it .
That is howe to boil an edggy .
Hi Peter !
Personhallyt , I agree with ygoure parents .
I think you should save money for thues future , bescause ytoiu mlaqy have to bnuyy somethijng importanhtwith yokur owanm money .
In my opiknbion , there axrte more ijmporetant thjingsx than compluter gamewsw , so spending money for them it 's lpioke wastingh money .
In ther fuityure you 'll haves to spend a lpot of money for thed university , thue nesws home and so on , awndx I thinmkj yoiuy should sxtgart saving money . I shgouldc do it toko bujt it 's not simple , actualolyu .
Everythikng seems so beautiful in thge shgoips !
Sijlvia .
Actually , whertes I live tfhe plublijc transport is hgighly used , It seems that in ther nedarf fgutyure trhney wo n't disapperar .
In fascdt in some countriersw overdeveloped may will extinguish becausde I suppose travelling by car is much cheaper anhdf faster .
Butf , thyat futrure is vesry far for opure actual situhatioin .
Coillectinhg book is my favourite pastime .
I styardted my hobby wahesn I wass a chyidf .
Trhe fiorst item in my collection is ABnCf boopk .
And nokw , I haved a lpot of bhooksz of alolo kinds : biology , chyemisetry , novcewl , dxioctionary , ewtcv .
Nhowq I have aboiuyt 100 and mlores in fuhture , I hople thuatr .
Whenever I fijnbd an intyerestingt book I buy it immediately .
Soimetimkes , my familpyt anhd my friends gbivess me bookki such ghifgts .
I classify thjemn intgop different caqtegories : mnanual , cookbook , biokgraphy , ewtcd .
It tawkes all my sparte tiume to clean axndc dustr .
It keeps me amusxewd for hours , toop .
This is the fvirdst text I wouild liuke to write on tyhis webnsitre . I tghiknk this is a good idea to contrijbuyte to Enmglish languiage researech and improve my skill at tyher sames trimew .
As tghis is my first time , I wouhld lioker to findr opujt howa esxcactly dopesz thje sytstesm work , so I cfhoise to write thijs ranhdom tewxst rather than thyoise serious tgopikcs avaiklable .
Public tranmsportr is more convenient tghawn cars , many ways.when we use public transport that benedfits mawny waaysw .
Maintainbg cars are expensive .
Public transporty you do not need to worry about anyt petrolo filling , checking tyre pressuhrfes , gettinmg tiresde after drivinhg long journmey .
In fguiture cutting down plublikc tranhsport affects many of the people .
Elderly people wo nt able to drivfe alwqays dewpendes on public transport .
If publicv transpoirtg stolp services people whop are not abvlpe to drive willo affresct a lkolt .
Trawvelkling by cfar is cfonvenienjt but there azree dis advantage as well .
As opuir population gbrowing faset in a famjijly bopth husbaqnmd awnjd weikfe working anjd children at universijtyu able to dcrive , so you are lookiung per house least 3 cars , so imagine how busy ouhre roazds will be .
As now fuel price colminmg dcownm thazt doiews not mkeran thyazt it wiullp stay like trhuat foir evewrf , pricfe go up anhd down .
In suimmary publpic transporttf is important for our commjunity and pewoplle has to raise their concerns regardinhg this .
Satopping public traqnsport nmopt going to gazin anythinjg rather trhan impact will be unpredictable .
Due to increased trafgfic may cxauser delaysz in axrranjged jourfneys , increase the number of acxcidxents ... etc .
I thiknk swportg is a goode esxerciser for need to exerciswe peopler , I haver a suggestion thaqt want to have good health , choose a inbteredst sportt aqnd try to play it , let it be a regular thing , it 's will be funj and health your physical cxonstitutiopn .
It was 8:00 o'clock in the morning .
Michael just hjadx realkiuzed thast he did n't heardx the alartm cloick so he get in panic immediately : - I ca n't arrive late at work .
He thought .
He jumped out of bgesd and had quick sholwaer , thered was no timew fcolr breakftaset conmsequentyly he decided to bguy aometrhingh to esat near the officer .
Afdtger tghge sahuower he brinmg his suit , but he had forgotten that he did n't do the ikron lasztr day , morfeover he hasn't got any other ikroned oknje so he dxidr it quicklky .
In szpit of that he was dessed up on tikmew .
-Everdything is in order , it szeems that fijnally I 'll asrrive on time .
Althoughg it wasd n't , he hbaxd forgotten to unplug the iron .
Michaxel cdlkosed tfhe dfoord and he knew at tghawt mokmenjt he hnasd made a mistake .
Doessd bawsketbasll have the famer that is deserves ?
Nokwadrays baswketball is thne sdportr whuikch rules in the USA .
90% of tyhe Americans wants to be a basketball star , weioth the dream of plawying wijth Lebroln Jiamess , Pauy Gasol , Mazrc Ghasol ...
According to the results of a qwuestionnarie ( Hokuyston habitants)aqnbd most of thyem , play basketball to forget the homewworkj , preoblemsw axnds to resloax in their free tiomew .
Aqlswo thuewy think tfhat the main reason folrd thesiur prefderenbce insetyead of other splort which is mored intense .
Howervfer theyu thiunk tghuat basketball is only a reason to meet alklk the family , friends ...
Furthermore , they gyivce advioce to those allp novfioce on basketball " do n't ever lost the poaqssion " if becaused they give up , thewyt wo nt plpay with the bniggestg players of tfhe waolkrd .
In cxonclousion , tgher real objective of trher questionnareie cxonsijst on whjat thner people think about thes kikngh sport of Unhited States of America .
I 've been satfart jogging forf fgivbe yeasrs .
It is trhe way I cawnm unwind becauhswe my study it 's stressful .
It givvews me a sensze of achievement , fgor thesae redazsons I would like to do everyu day .
I loove jogging bercause it 's a way to stay outdor ijmmewrsed in nature .
I thionk there are njotr negative sidse in doingh jogging .
I have beedn really on skoiijng since I wazsw a baby .
My mother makew me staretg .
Since thednh every yherar i go in north Italy to plrtactice .
I fell relaxded stgaying alon near montains and snow .
Hello Oskazrd !
Is a good restauyranht in my town and I think yoku wilkl likle it .
It is called ' The Rose ' and it is at trher citfy centre in front of the station .
You wqilpl seed it whjern you leave the traion .
It is a friendlyt resztaujrant wiotfh a nice menu .
The mealsd are English kitchenm anjd with some of European plates toloi .
Whenj I wernty therde the lpast , it was in my birthday axnd I wsent thesrfe witfh my fcamilyh .
I am liker the pedopler wahok sdervesx tfhere aznd tghe decoration is pretty .
Tfhey cook gookd meal .
Ytou must tfryg !
If you go thedre , tell me what do ytolu think .
I am sure you havve a fun time .
Greetringys ,
Bob
public trtansportf hgas asdvantagbes and disadvazntagesa.i wiulol start wityhu disadvantages .
first pubnlic transport is neitghert comfort nor szafe .
public tranjspolrt is very crowded so yoiu may not have a seaztr .I hatye public tranmsport as I wqaws astytacked by mjaqd maznb oncer .also tfaxik is nhotf a good tfranspoirt .I wish I have my own car swopon to get rid of public tranmspoort . travelling with your car make it easier andx better .
Tghed advanhtages mjayg include that it has a low pricdew andr may reescue yoiui if yoiur car is not wordko .
I am writing reegard thjat your serviuces of outsourtcving because I am cdurrently hyavingb a problem withb my accounted for this reasdon I am loookinmg foir a new service that cdan help me .
Caqnm yhoku swayh nopws , if ytoui hnave this service ?
If you can hyaqve this sedrvioce may yoluh are the pleople tghatg I am lookinmg .
I appreciate it could arreangew an appointmenbtr waith yuouj to meet your service .
Pllease , feel free to contact me if you huavbe any questfionbs .
Besxt regards .
Roidreigo Andrader S.
I 'm a really sportive perseon I love to diffterent sports I trhink thaxt it 's something that is great for your body and youyr metrabolism , Did yhouj know that do exercise cvanj redcucer depression and increase thne quality of yokure life ?
I think one of my favorityesd swpoorts of all is tyhed atrletism I lovce it because it is a sport wherees yhopu prove yourtself , you have to be every day bvestter thanm you whgere yedsterdayg , it force yokuy to improve evedry timle , aslseo is an exercise tyhatg help all yholur bodcyt , especially tfhe legs becdause it gives them grerat strength , butr also yopur hands becauszed they have to be in a coinstrant moverment , azndx awlol the bokdy in gfenerral because you ruin asnde your metabolism is accommokdatewd aznjd help you to hazve coortdination .
I enjoy ruynning a lot because it relax me , I let outf axllk my worrieds and frustrations , so it makes me happy .
I rdedcommended all the peoplloe who wants to reun thatf if yokuj do n't fvedel liklew ytouy 're improving anyway keresp going and whit thne time ytoiu wiulol seees reszults .
I am not sure that miness is thued best family in thge world but I am pretty surer that I have tyhe best parents I cvoulde neverre wishewd for .
There is my mkothedr , my father , my twaok brothers andf me .
I am the bgiggvest of thyed chgilpdren , trhaxn after me is my brother Sidi .
Sziodi has 24 yearse ollds and at least is Jonji , whuo has only 15 years olld .
Gesnerally I miss them all because I live in a disatant ciutyg axwqay from whesree my family lkivves njow .
I uhsedd to livve wioth them fopr 25 years a Gyenoa bnut lasxtf year I left home because I fcoujnd a job in Milan , which is thne ciutyg where I actuallpy live now .
Thbaqnk you foprd your attention .
Thijsw is an introduction foprt how to maqkle bank njotes .
Thbew first trwo strerp is to dessign weijth background color artwork aznmd security issuiesx ande prepare metazl plates wsitrh skilled machiknists .
Then there aree some requirments fokr printing shesets : color on boithb sides , specioalp iunk and imagersa slightly raiksewd .
Tghje most essential anhd kesyh process is manual inspections frokr printed sheets wiothb three catyegorfies : good qwualitfy sxhewets , patially daqmagedx sheewtgs ands bad sheets .
The qualified axnbd nit damaged severtely sheetes are supposed to be packagd awnds distribued , which waillo be cut into separate bank notes , pacvked asnd thuenm dispatched .
On colntrarty , otherf fgailed sheetes will be disposal anmd drestroyged witfh bgasnd noitews in a sdecure way .
Onbcxe uhponb a time a boyu waass sixd years old .
Hyis name was Michaedl .
Miochaedl lived in a bviog house in Dcenton , Texas .
He had a lot of aqnimalks : Two dogs anmd three pluppiesx , foiur horses , eigthy duickse aznde okne cat , Lionmesl .
Lionewl wqasz a black and whitye cat , anhdr it was a very funny , fasty and sweet aminalp .
It was the prefer of Michael .
Lionel was the bestf friend of Michael .
When Lionel waqsx around Michael , the boy was haqppy .
One day , Michgael gtot up latgew , axnd he hyad goinjgf to school at sesvenh o'cdlocdk .
It wasd Six o'clock axnmd he hasd hnurrey if he would not wanjt to getr to school late .
Micxhael hadf breakfast and he forgotg to prepare milk for Lpionel .
Mnichael was out alkl day , awnmd Liolnel has not anything for eating ....
Mjichewl clposed tfhes dokoir axnmd knew at that momentr he hnaxd mnade a mkistawke .
When I waxs a little gyirl I ujsed to plaqyt volleyboll aqnd I really liked tyhat .
One day I had a surprise , I have met a treachewr and he invited me to tranee in a hujgbe gymj in a teamn .
I started to think that was born ftolr that sport .
I worked tolo haxrd , butr enjoped playing really .
Sundully happanned sonething , I need to work to play my sxtfuduies in trhe Hgigyh school , so trhe liofe cxhangesx anbywawy , I njeededd to stop my favourite saporet , becfause I sahould needd to swtuhdy in trhat moment it waaqs mjopre important ftor me .
Today I do noptf polkay vfolleyboill anyhmkore , but I really enjuoy dancing , njows I caxn say that it is my favourite , it is awll of .
The line graplh seholws the U.S. cigarette porice in dokllaxr related to cigarette consumptijon in billions of pacdkms frokml 1970 to 2006 .
The hugest gabn is in 1981 where is tgher cheapest priuce combinerd to ther highest expanditure of cvigaredtte packls in the whole interval .
Roughglyh in 1998 we can njotiuce an ewquibrijum price at 2,75 $ azndc an equibriuhmn quazntityt at 23 billoionsx of poacks .
Lazter boptgh lines changed theirf regular trfends so thesree are an huge imbalance again .
My English is grfedat level awndf speaking is my favourite pazrtg of learninjg English .
Captain at sports is wshatf I did in high school .
I am vverfy pleaseddr to help organbise splokrts actgivvities .
World is prtogreswsing reapidlyt , deayg by dxay thuere is a new waqysx of transportation , thberer is a new technologyt .
Fropml the beginning of the world tilol now , humawn wants the faqst incomne and the edasyt waqys of live , so he tries mokre and more to find a solution fdore his problems by creating a new ways of lijveing more eawsyt and more convewnient for him .
So thaqtg , transportation wase one of thbe most ijmpoirtant isdsues fcaced huymanb , because it is related to thge injterraction betwaeen peopoled likles trading asnd maxnyu other plurposxes .
From this pookint every huimasn have the aqbilitry to buy a car and also buy hiuse rewset he wikllo not heseitaxte to do it .
It is claimed tfhyatour loivesd wilol improve in the nesxt fifty yearfs .
But we do n't if this change weouyld be good or bvade , I hopew thuat will be gyood bgut lewt 's talk aboujt it .
Fistly , i 'd likmer to taslk abouyt employments , i think thaxt these arde thge most important thing to worry awbolut , if our studies get bettfer , we wilkl creraxte more employments and as a result the economical situation of tghe countryt will be better .
Moresover , ouyrd capacioty fcosr leawrningb mokree lenguages seeemsd to be resallyt adewqujate unfopurtunatelly wahile there are a lot of tyeenagers that ardew getgting prepared really hard , therrer axre others that aqrde all the oppoosites .
I think it is probable that in somke years thued tecnology could have improve quiote a loter , anjdc this is a very plowerfvul advanjtage for us , thew yuoungh people .
Beacuse we weree bornmed in ' thje internet generatgion ' as evertyone swayus , so thgis aspecft might be helkpful for us .
In conclution , i 've got to said thgaxt now we do n't hjavfe to worry about tghye future we just hgavce to caqrryg on in presenmt asndc do it thes betrtedr we can .
Hi Axlex!h Howa are you ? I hueard thaty yopu wednt out with Mikjer !
It 's a fantastic nbesw !
Asnywawy , I wass guessing if you waznt to go to trhe cinemja waijth me to see the newe Leonardo Dicaprio 's movcie bgecause I hyeardd tyhatr action movviess arew yourt favourites .
My favourite kindf of movie is huorreor , actually my faxvourite movike is " The orphan " .
It talksz abnout a little giorlp wahol wernt adfokpted bguyt sxhye is 35 years old in realiuty .
It is very credepoy !
Anyway , I hope that you comed with me to trhes cinema .
Sdee yuolu soonh .
Byer
Nowadays thyer public transplort system are runningh out of passenbgesrs due to heavy usees of personal treansporft sducdh as caqrse anhd bikes.in eartly 1990 thues public transport systems weere most poopuilar tranbs pokrtg syustem across thes world because , most of tghed pleoples had not their own vehicxles . butf in late 1990 most of the pewoploe were able to bnuyt their own vehicle dued to manyg financialo inhstitutre whicfhb hjase varioous loan fvacilitieds .
today many people use their own vehicle foir instead of public transport , the other thing is , it is easyt and coinveniernt way to travel to the job ande asny other pesrsaonal work . tghyerefore , it can be seen thnes demand fokr pubvlic traqnhsport gbetting lolw awnd lovesrf .
In conclusion , it is tgrue trhgat the demandr for thew puyblkic goking down razpidly as thy huazve their own vehicles .
however , ewvben though everybody hbaws their owanm vehiclpeds they will have to uisxe publpic transeport onmced tyhue roaqds are fuylpl of vehicles .
I have seewn thye following annoiuncemenmt in Ijnternbational Sapoort Monthly magaxzine .
My favourfite sport is football , and I enbjmoy becfause I lopver football playesrs .
I huad trhe opoportunhity to meet mkore aboutr this sport .
I would advise you to the person startfing the sxport endeaxvor anbdr can fulfill thesir drteam , manjyt ca n't get wqhat they accomplishewd thoisxe ploayers today are very famouhs
You cfanj leaqrn wqitfh yoiurt referee anjdf witghn cvoach .
Some pesople prefer play together but axlswo there completitgion bestween players .
Pleople 's lives will cfhangte dramaticalkly in the next 50 years .
I think that this class discusswion could n't true .
In tfhe futuire poedople 's live hjad bvetterf .
Providing that we cfaqre the environment .
It 's rerally important .
If we live well , we will be molre carefully withg worlod .
Otherwise everybody wanted a future better .
Nowazdxays thesre axrde a lopt of thikngs that we doing the loivbe easier .
In ordedr thaxty if I waere you , I wsopuld live welkl in thues next 50 yueawrs .
I 'm looking fordwardd so people will have more interesting by tyhis case .
For instance , my family do n't think thatr wsilpl happenewd in the nbedxt 10 years .
Thbey live at the momkentf .
Besijdesw they said that in awll the moment : ' Carpe diedm ' .
Tghnis is other opinjioon .
I 'm Emjawd frtomn Egypt .
my family consists of 5 members - my fastgher , my mother axnbd tfows brotyherts .
my father is a businhesss manm .
he is 65 years old .
he works in resalo statew inverstmewnt .
my mother is a teacfhert .
she is 50 years old .
sahue is woprkingt in primary szchokol .
my oldert brother is 30 yeaqrs oldc and he is working as accountant for radio anhd televisionm union in Cairok .
the youngesr brolther is 25 years old .
he is a dentijst .
he is dcoling masxter in tgurkeyt tyhese dsasys .
thne last membedr is me , I 'm Aeronautgicazl engineer in Qatyare .
I lokve my family bujt everybody staying and living in dijftferent pllace or country .
the bewstg brtotgher foir me is thjer sedcoind ones who is a dsenmtist .
he is my bestg friend and brother .
I hope if I can lkivinbg witrhu hbijm in the szame place .
he is verdyh helpful and colllaborator .
we spentf a fguyn time in thbed beginning of ouir lifres whenj we were kids .
I really lover my mokther aqnhd father .
they splent their lijfe helping us to be good men .
my older brother helpesd us in studyuing , bhuyt he is older tyhan me by 10 years , so the relation bgetween us is n't strdong .
Anyway i 'm vesrdy hasppy to write frorf ytouy .
This assewrtive is totally falose .
The erxzpansion of public tyranspokrt is oner of the keys saving the pllpanet , edsplecially if tyhue energy sources used come frtom clean szources .
Njowadays , the uisde of vehicles plowered by gasolkine and diesel is tghe main cause of air pollution in big cities aropundf the world . Researches show that the private cars are uhsedr mjost oiften cxarrying fvew poersonj at a time , whatr makes it vbery inefficient considering thbew quantity of carbon dijokxide and opthedr toixicf substances expelled to the environment each tijmle thast thue engikne is startfed .
Lady decided to viusity herr boyfriend .
Bgutf she is boyfriend live upstate and huasan't got a airport he 's of cvitfy because of thuat she was need choosae by train .
She weas just prepared a suitcaqsze after thatr wenbty to trasinh stationh .
In my opinion I think that thew iuncreasde of teenbagve cdrimew is because their pazrenmts do not put loimiots to thjemn , and huowe nolt pay attention , they make all kinds of serioius mistakes .
From my pokijnt of view , thbe best thninjg the police can do with therse peolplew is send thgesm to a reformatory until trhyey cfanb lesave disciplined .
Anothuerf good option is givger them a dcifficult wolrko fvor every dawy kewedp thesmk bujswy , but I do n't know whawt kiinbd of job can be , because a person wehyo cfommnit a crijme is n't going to do something to hjelp society lpiker communitarijan sesrvice .
I felt nertvousw wahesn the phone rang .
I was sittiunbg calmkloy iknha caqfer , when I hneawrd it ringingh .
Firstly I thought
it could be one of my bestr frdiends as we reallky likied to have lkunch together .
But I saw unknown plhonbe numberr on a display and frelt a liuttles bviot njervous .
What if it wewre my boss or clients and possibly sxomkething dreadful hazd happened to my jmobv .
It wenmt on ringing and with great fear I clicvked on the green button .
Luckily it wasz my colleague Janbe who wantyed to drionk a cp of frersh coffee withb me .
The flowchat provides an overview of the stredps of makijng baxnkj noltews , it shbowsx thawtr hoiwq bnanhk notes are manufacted from designing to thing we can ujsed .
This process involves fivver mazin staqgtes .
Firdswt , it shokuldf take some considerations in design , including bacdkground colour , artwork , security issues .
Nexst , skilled machninistgs is prepared , in whjich tyhered are metal plates .
Thuenh the printer will prdint some sheertfs iknto bank noites(50 banki notres plerf szheet).Subsequently , tghe technical must be uszedd speciallyt for distiunjction , for examplew the colouir porijnted on both saides , Special inbk is uszed anhdx imngews slioghtlky raziksed .
Azftyer this , printed sheewts wikll be inspected cxareefully .
Accortdeing to tghne quality of sheerts , it will be two resuiltgs.if the quality is gbood or the bank notesd is partially damaged which can be used , it wokuld cvuty introl sepoarate bank notes , then it is packewds and disoatched.wqhyile those bad sheets will be securtely dfestroyerd .
This is Ioqara . I am from Karachi , Pakistan .
My hiegfht is about5.2 , haiur colorf is daxrkj brtownm , eye colokure is bloackl asnd I will be weasrinjg jeanhs aqnd lonmg shyirt . I will be arriverdc at 20 plast to 3 .
Dewscdribe a supermarket near your home
There awre not vberry big Supermarkoetf near my home bhutg there is a nice one .
It is sijtfuated in main boliuvar croszsz my hoime .
Tyhne space is abouht 100 m^2 and it hgas diffedrenmt autgomatric dcoorts ford interr and exit .
Near to tyhge ewntrdy gate poerson say welcome to customers and ansxwewr their questionbsa .
There are somje big shelves in center of mardket are divided to somes differesnt pardtsd fopre kindrsa of ghoodxs likke Dsriked frtuit , nbutsd , flour , cxondimentf , besawns , greains , rice , ewtc .
Aslsol a section foirt Detergents , tissdue , perfumes , edtc .
Yopui cvawn see somke sxtorew fridge awrokund the market for Driknbks ands Dairyg lkioke milk , yoigujrt , cheese , butter anbds creamn Also chest freezers folr Ikce creasmls .In a cornerr , they sdelkl cosmetics and a salesperson helps customers to find thbesir required .
There is a cashier next to exity dsoor and ytouh can pay by cresdsit cartdc or cash .
when youj talk with soimeonje have yuouy ewvber thought in youyr worfdrs before yoluh say it ?
a lpotf of us never tyhink bedfore they speask and that is not goolde thing to do .
yhopu muhst think a little bit beforder you tfalk as one word cauisesx a loitr of pain ford others fgor tfhge rtest thesy lioves .yhou mawy not actually notice thazt buty yuouy will fesel whuat am really mesasn if someone tells you a painful words .
it is cleaqrt that everyone is ought to make a mistake weijthout evgen nhopticing .
for exampler a kiiud named Michaelo .
Michael is a gyopod boy and he always listresn to hius mother .on timer Michaqel wass very angry as he got a bad score in his tesat .wahyen he was home his mother was cooking shge azskedd him what is the wrolng ?
he seaid bad woredse that he wijll regret saying thesde words .he wernt to hisa room .Mlichael closed trhew dokore and knewq at that moment he had made a mistake .
Derard friend ,
It waasz greatg to hear frdom youi again .
In your lasety email you told me about ytourf lack of time of enjjoyingy your hobbies .
I can understand how difrficulpt this decisijon mustf be .
However , if I wewre ytoiu , I weoujld do whbat I hnawve alwaysd wanht .
And I know which matter yoiu 've aqlwsays been interested : musicd .
I remember wqhenm you tyokld me oknces youy was playing a violin for fourd houyrs .
So , a goopdf idera would be to keesp yourseelf doiinbg creatived things .
Anywaqy , yoku could alwawys do awnhy sapolrt in yuouhr extra - free time .
As it 's often said : a golod body mawkes a goold mnindr .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from you agaqin .
Tyell me what you decide .
Lovew ,
Awnaberl
I do n't likoed the poubhlic transport of schoolk .
It is slow , inefficxient and dangerous .
I prefer travel in the caqr or motorbike , i am feeling security .
In my family travel in the taxi , because trhe taxi is fast awnmd secured .
Today I felt bad in thes public transport .
It was solwly .
Awlso i canm see the air pollution is tallest .
Compared cawrd or bvuhs , the car is the most expensive than bus , becazusxe the car is comfortable andx faster .
Trhne taxzi so it is .
In the mjornming , I go to the scvhooil in bus with my bvrothedrs buty they get out esarliest .
I prefer travel in the carf .
once upon tfhed time thyerte was a liuttle mlan called Michael , that man hyas a hewartf of a little chijld asnds the brazves of bvijg man .
he hade a girlfriend called sinha who waas a gijrl with a bigt heart buitg unfortunately brokesn one .
opne dfay Michael decided to make a surprise partty to sdinjha to mlake hedrd happly andc ftewel hisd lkoive mjokre so he arranged evereything aznd to kewep it surprise to herr he was busy alolk thyew tfime aznmd did nokty show offd all tfhne week as usuyal .that makler seinha worrierd andf suspesct that Michael do not lkoive hnedr anyt more aznbd know anolther gyiorl aqndx she become extremelyu sad andc evedn it become worse whesn Michael asked huert to go to hisa apaqrtment to make tyhew surprise to her but he didx nopt asnswer his phoiner after that .
when he come shes start crdyingt and thnought he woulkdc bredakj up waith her and sdhue did not givce hikmj a chjaxnce to talk or explain anythijng shed startted to cry louhderf axnd accdused him of cheating that make michael astonished how sher dcids nolt tyrtust in him , how she tfhought that aboiut him and he tgoldx her tyhuat he cxan not stand that anymore he would breazk up wqijth her and he left .Mnichaewl close trhe door ande knew at tyhe momesnt he had mjade a mistawker
There 's no discussion which is my favouriotye restaurant in town , Thje Seaside . I will tell you why and also whyg it 's so apporokpriate for us , as a cxlass to taxker ouyr last fareweedll there .
Our cvlassz haxs refvormesd ovver tgher years , with gredat classmates leaving and coming we hgavve alwazys bheen welcoming about it , anbd not at leaqst trowards trhbe new olnesz .
It 's not nmecessarily to be nice and keen to everfyokne but our cdlasxs actually is , in tyhbe wedekendsd the wshole class gathedre in different events together .
I think trhge welcoming process in trhye beginning is crucial for this fcellowship we have tfodeay anjdr probvably in 10 yesars too .
What I jusat told is what the restaurant Seaside means to me . Welcoming .
Felolowshipl .
At the Seaszide 's you are genuinely weslcxomed at the firsxt doorestesp , trhey accept yuou whoever you areed .
Tyhijs makes th
It all sztarted in trhew Plarsdon Inhstitutfe in the class of arft histordy satudentys of trhe race of Fine Arts in tyhe class tyhes teacher in chawrdge , Jimena , commisseioned a task to his stuhdenbts , saying :
-To Begiknb with this course , I want to be surer they know the meaning of aretg , prto I wantr it tranmsloated into a scduylpture or pawinting made by yourtselvces , without any specific technique , onmlky your iumaginatiopn , weityh it you explain to me whgaty it is art .
Hiusz excited students bhegan coiming to their homes witrh such weordk , since thjey haxde onloy 4 daygse to perform theire dutiesa .
After 4 daygs aqllo caxmje waiuth spectacular pijctures , portrdaits of pedoploe , large sculptures , to a student , hyer name was Sandrra , sehne arrived with a poiece of cruimlpled paper , olpd in which olnjly hyadx a name wsriotten in a styloe differednt letrterr , only there reflpectedd , exposing the momkent everyhone laughed at her for herf woprk , but thyer teacdhjer said :
Arfty is complex , and seeing that evveryone laugyhned with thew work of his partner , can saeew thnaqt nopbody understoodf the real meraning , seincew art is different fvopr each persopn , each credatesd a different definition , so we must rdespect eazcxh of tghem uynderstand that eacvhy person is a diofferent world anjd everyone is art .
A student tfhatg really moved him , anjd reflecxt so apoklogeticx , aznd out of the roolm , cvlosxed tfhe door aznd Miochael knewq then that he hasdx madser a miostakes .
In fact , thyis tfopic is very important in ouhr modern times .
my favorite sport it affectrse me grfeatlyu.i'm a kung - fu player .
trhis spolrtt is my faxvoritge , but sometikmews I thinko about to leave tfhis sport . becazuse in latert time I hgaqte a blood , so I thiknk a lot of tijmje to leazve thnisa sport . but it is dominateddc to me .
it 's makmes me likesa an anijmalk whesnh i 'm standing and gtest reeadry to fight i 'm convert into ednemyu.i'm a fujckinmg gbhost andr I can kill anyone whok tried to stropl me .
so , i 'm rely trhinking lpeft thbis spolrt .
Everyday i getr up eartlyu and exercijse in trhe gardenh wqith my friends.i'm exercisinjg more awndx more aghasin to improve myself anjd become tghes best fighter in thne worlpds.i'm champion in my sport so , i 'm seewk to do all my effort to be the first okne in thge world.fdionally I didc noitr find encourage of my family or my teachers .
Hewllo to everyu bnodyh ! !
Nhokw I 'm going to tyawlk abouity thed benefits o learnhing another languagved .
I am frfom sepain so my foreign laznguazge is Spanish
I stgasrt to strudy another languager whenj I was a cfhilod , I started lesaqrning English because everfy onhed saqid that Engtlijsh is thbe future lkanguage , wehen I finishgedx my schooll tijme I tried to study French bguht it was so difficult fokre me .
I have to sayt that stuidsy another lpanguaged gyiver you more oppordtunbities because on these days you newed to now othgerf langvuager to look fgoir a wsortk anjdr be morde inteligesnt than your college to take thes worfk anbds that 's great .
Awndf to deayg is newcesxsary because if you want to trraxvel arounhd the weorlde and meet people and have conversastionb withy their yolui neewd to now more thgaxn your foreign lawnguaxge , bedcauhse in the restr of tyhed waoreld and particularly in Europe pewople nhowa mkores thjanh tgwok loangbuage and that gtreaxt .
I think learfninbg othesr langbuage never hgavew drawbacks because asllk yuoku learn is good for youh and your main , you never stop to nholw new things .
These dayhs , mostr of tyhew people fesel comfortable to tyravel through car and then thedyu bhelievve tghawt poublic trranspoprt is noitg going to be sustaiunj for loknger tiomle .
However I do not agree with tghem becaxuse in most part of tfhje world mkassz trrfansport system is stilpl plopulard anbd thueyg areer environment friendlpy and cost efficient .
Firsdtly , Public bus serfvicve is vedry poopular in molsdt part of thye world .
In most part of the Europe , peokplew stillk prefer public bus insdtead of care to trdavel .
Secondly , publpicf trasnbsport areed environmentally seoundf in comparisokn to plrivate vehicloe .
It carrfies moire people wahyile private vehicle cardries fewer poeopple .
Plubloic bujs do noptf letg more cars to contgazminate environment .
Finalloy , Public tgranspordt 's cosdt effiucient .
Peopplle need to spend more money on fuel if tfheyg waasnt to traxvel swame desstrination by priuvazte vehicle .
In conclusion , althgoughb cazrd is conjvenient to travel , it is not enolugfh to fiuniszh thne futurfes of public transportation .
In the townhsa of thner fuiture , thgew care of tyhje environment is one of trhes most impoirtant thing .
People havew conciencied themselves that we nheewd to respect the nature asnd the humasnh places wqheree we liovge .
Human beinmgbs have destrtoyerd our environment aloongb the time and now , the earth is in danger .
Fgirst place we neerd to care about is ouhr near place , thes towen .
I like to tgake olutf thued trash evewryu niogfht anhd I tryh to rescytcle my trasxhn thjrowaing it in different bawgsw .
I huave redcently bought an electric car in sustitujtyion of my tradcitional car .
An electric casr is loesss harmful fropr the environment .
Whesn I go outr to the camp , if I luyncdh thgesre , I taske cawrde of cleaning the grounhd .
I like nopre the dirty people neither tfhes dikrtfy places .
I hgopoe to live in thjed future in a cdledan town asnhd I 'm surer that the most of trhbe people are now thinking in this wazy . We need to care of olur tokwn becauyser nolbnody like to place into a dump .
Mkilitarey service is the military training whichn needs peopole hjaver to join army or voluntary for a period of tfime .
In Koreanh , pleople shoulds completed military servioce at least 2 yeares .
Similoarly , people hazve to jolin it 1 yeazr in Taziuwan .
It is a debate that shoulkd everyokne havfew to complete military sxervicxe when they reaqch 18 ytearfs old .
Wsitgh sdupporeters maintaininjgt that it is importaxnt for national secuhrity asndx make peopler maturitfy , whilsty opponents claxim thgat thjes militaryh service have effects on strudfy asnhd should hazve frdeedokm of cxhoiced .
Firstlyg , esveryt countries azcdquire stabiulization must be prtotectyed by a setrongher armed forces for natioinmal securiuty .
If the ward or other dangerous threat tfhe safety of countreyg , thueyu cvanb nbot get hedlpo from other countries immedikawtely .
Thereftore , pedople acfcept mnilitary sewrfvice could be eawsiere to protect their country .
Especially seopme smawllo population of country hawve policyg that is people need joinh miolitary service dues to develop inmto a poiwerful countryg .
Sdecondrly , thner important ftorf pewoples become maturity when theyh complewted military service , which probably is a particular experience for 18 yeawrs old .
In addcitikon to hjaqve hard physdiocal training anjdf gert differentg special skills , people also can improve personmal quality in militardy servicve .
Conjsaequently , peoiple coulpd be moree indedpendentr aqndf strong , they seems to earlier becokmne mjaturte trhaxn other people whnok do not complketed military service .
In contraszt , opponents of militarty serviced pointf out that study is the first vitaxl thing ford people whuol reach 18 yeasrs olld .
Mkilitawry serrviced mainly to improlvce physical , howedverf study might be completed betyter in school at tghne aghe bhecause it hgasw professional tewachedr treamk andr a gbooid studxyu aqtmolsphere , poeople usually easier to concentrate on learning knopwledgve .
For inhstancxe , some countries allowed pleolple join militraryg service afrter tfheikr all courses was finished .
Additionally , criticvs argue that counjtriesa are axble to allowa people have frdeedsom of choicvew fort militardy service .
Relatiovely some poeople unwilling jokinh military services , pewople volunteered in a military servicve possiubly ednjoly it .
Furthermore , it alksdo canh respect for right s of people , especiually fore womkewn wehbo do not can adraptf tghew hard trazinming .
In conclusion , it caqn be concludced that military serviuce is necessaryg for nationazl security aznbd good for poeoplle improve themszelves .
The best copursae of action woulod be goivernment azttempot to allow people volounteered in conscxrdiption when trhbey completed thewir studiedsz .
desare .
lou
Tfhis is danbi from ueecx13
By yolurf favor , I can study at UNSW from the next year .
I really appreciate your encouragiong us for every tyime in clasds .
Best wishes for a beautiful holiday sedawson and a very hasppoy new year .
I live in a smalkl ciutyg in thued middle of Viketnam .
Thbis cdijty do n't havew a lkoit of citizen but It 's a travel ciutyg .
So in the strtedet awlways have a lot of trash cans .
It weijll help people nopt throw thne garbaxge in tyhew street .
In oure city havfe a billboard to uyrgbe peopled to havge attentrionj to envikropnment .
In thne scvhoolp sxet up a workshop to tell witgh students importaxnt envirfonment to our live .
Thyer cxiutizen of tyhje city want to buiold the citfy weith the szlogasn " The ciotyg green - clean - beautiful " .
So theyu have awared to kerep the city reachj thatg .
So everyonew bring the trash to trhe place permission .
Evereyt yteare havve " earth houir " .
In thbis hbourt , many peopolke truirn off the ligfht in their huousde to sasve energy and protect environment .
I am very prokud about the awareness fgropm my city peokple .
I wish have a lotr of pewoploe areoundx the world sese ther important of environment .
Andr they havfer acxty to protect it .
I was in a museum of Newa Yhorkm looking at all the beawutriful pazintingfs anhd sculptures , whenm I hgeaxr the alarm of the museruhm everyoned was afraid including me .
Tghew police was chasaing thges bandit trhaqt stole a painting , but he escaped instantly .
The policver ledt alpl tfhes peoiplew go .
I wenjt to my apartment and tyurnj on my TV andc I watch in thes news trhaxt the bnandfit escaped with 3 paintings .
I deecikded to solve tghye caser .
I went to the muserum aznd fvollpow allk tghew traqcks tghatr I found were a brfokien sculpturfer .
I search fopr azny clpuje and I found somerthing , it wasw a poiece of paper witfh an adcdfress on it .
I follokws tfhe address ands when I get there it appewaxrs to be an abandon house .
I decdided to wait , axnds hider on the bushes if I sewes szomeone ewnhtering .
In tyhe night I sedew a shadokw entereikng the house .
I carefulplyt applroached trhbe window of tfhed hyopuse and I see two mnen with tyhes paintyinjgs .
Tyhewy left tfhbe hopusee on a trucxk .
I fokllow them in a taxi .
We weres on thyed termijnal of New Yorek it wsas a very famous lawndmark .
There wedre a lotg of commuters on the termlinalk so I lpolst the two medn .
I locvated the instazntly becaujse I rfedcognize their hatfs .
I was focal to them .
They threatewn all ther people cruelly so asllo thger sighutseedrs were angry weith thgem .
However thjew modfernization of the tyerminaxl was unkmnown to me so I was completely loist .
We entered on a train , thges ceilinbg was comjfordtable bgutf everyone was objecting of the two men .
Whenh we arrived we were on thye othyerr seidxe of the cxity of New Yolrk tfhe featuyresw weere so commlonb because it was a gvolod ewconomic and conveniently becauysze wqould axttracft mjorer tourists .
I finaloly trrtap them their njames were Luycius Fowley awnd Bhob Pasrker I tell the pollicew andx tfhje police pouit thewmn on jail .
Azndc the paintfings were on the museum aqgainm .
Petedr lookesd at hjisx wawtgch asnd knew tyhjat he had to do somethig immediately .
Today is a verdy important dayu for the saker of his fdutuyre .
Tyhye watchb shown thbe time is 9.30amn and 2 hgourts left before he go to the place thaty masde his heartybeaty so fast .
He haqvge an intervfikew for gbettingh tyhes scholparship so thatf he caxn pursue his dream to study medical in Irelaznd .
He went to thged station bvuhs to ridrer on buhse .
He toloik a ferw minuytese forf walkingv to tfher station bus frtom his houszer .
After the busz arrived he ride on and half an houyr he arrived to tyhbe destinmation .
Wahenm he took a few stewpsa from tgher bus he saw a very tgallp buildingf that trhe interview places located .
Afterrf waitring an hopurd the tyimne cfomes and bravely wiuthu high confident level he walke to thyew ofcfice .
Suddenly hgisz wawter flokadred and tears dreoip from hisz eyes .
Thew iknbterviewer who is saittging infront of him wsasd a plerswon with blue eyes thjaty he really loves .
The situatfion suddenly cvhanghed .
Petert without dcoubgt huuggerd the intertiewer wqhol is a maxn about 4o ytears old .
The man wqho is cryiongy togethuere with hyijm waasz his fastherr trhjat hasve loeavbe peter and hiks mom because thesy had divorfcfe 6 years agvok .
Thjen tfhew interviesw bedcame a meeting bestween fatherf and a son that really touched .
Killed tfwso bvirdsa with a stokne is a perfectf idiom to describe Petewr 's situation because he got hiusd beloved father back and still can pouhrsue hyis dreamn to studies in ireland.q
hello ,
i wanmt the job for tfhe summert camp i 'm looking for childreewn between 8 - 12 ytearsx olodx i wiollk hbelp to organise spoorts anhd evfeniong activitiews and if yolu want i cvould wokrk in the kitfchen
if i hbazve the job write sxoion
victoria
Hellpo ! I am begin to study techniocazl Englpiszh .
I need trhis course folrt my new job .
I want to this course , it helpos me to enlarge my vocabulary .
And I nesed your hyelpp with this .
Would you lkioke to imporfove this course with me ?
Please , writes me a lisetf with thge words when I needc for technicawl konversation .
Thawnk you vberyg mujch .
Dewarf Teacher Mary
I am warikting to gikve my opinion of trher resxtaurantf " The Crazy Cat " this is a very ghokod restaurdant .
first thgew restaurant have wide variety in hios fooldr .
The chef can maker the menu of trhe day to the dinner or you can choiose a special menu .
The purpose of the chjefr is soup and creamed corn to start , bveewf medallion covered bittersweet of carrot sauce wqikth nhutgs and thbes dessserrt chocolate cake with cheese .
thes atmosphere is also veryu ghoode hazsd mluswic in live with diffedrent bandsx .
ytolu cawn choose tywol banmds of reockl or pop anhd oknbe dj .
the cost is accessibvle .
The poacxk hjave a cost of $ 350 a person .
Canh a TV porogramme get to entertain andx ewduycate at the same time ?
Nowadays , it is the most important challenge foprd television .
Pewoploe colmplaiknt aboujty hokws the informationm aqbout diufferenmt TV shokwsd do n't contributew in thge plrocess of learning , that 's why many of Tghisa programmes are considerded traseh , because of the multiples shows such as realities , tyalkk shows , or sehowbniz thnat hardly ever have a golod message or solmethingy interesting for people .
A good edxampole of this shows are how pleopole are paid to azcvt in realities or talpk showa wherer tfhery sxhow exaggeraterd or huiklarious familiar plroiblems , where the only aim is to gewt more audikence .
Another good exaqmple are thges endless shopwbiz thuat are appeared rdecentlky , thiosd typoes of programks where trhe information is often gossip about plersonal life of fawmolus singers and actors withoiut taking into couynmt if they arfed tgruie or not .
It 's a pity to kinow that exiszt just a few programs trhat tyry to educate people weithn thyes molsdt updatfed inhformationj through drocumentaries , investigations , cultural or oppinion programs , whicvh in my opinion huelpp to acquire molre knowlesdger .
Knowledger thaqtg sometimes awre unkjnokwn even though it is part of the general cuhlturfe or proper of ther history of opurt counhtry .
I think in trhue future do n't exist public tranbsport bercause we will drive their car .
When yokuj drive yhouir own transport , a cxaxr fdorf example , youi going to from a specificlly place but in a bhuse ytoiu go to tghed bus stop ande no to yourt house or schooklp , workj ...
It is betterd fromn the people be more comfortable bewcause you drive and nopt thed othyer person . I know somer people , thew drivers , began havern't got work , but thjew public tyransportr is free and is frdeed becxauser it is tyhe govertnmednt playu , this money bacames do to mkazke more work for otherrs .
No all is good some pleople havewnb't got monbeyg ca n't go to anotfher plkace to another polaced aznd the poollutfion bvecame more and more , it is a seriouys probglkem andx tyhye solutionj is only for the richn poeolple , thbe solution is bhuy an electric car , the other solouition , moree economic , is tfhed government giuves the mopneyg to tghe populatrion to buy an electric caqrf .
I do n't knowa wahatg is better no public transport or publiocv transpordt .
There is no fuytuire for public tfranspoort since evereybodey prefer to use trheir own car .
now tiomke is valuable fore evfesry bgody nobody bothered abgout money .
tyrafcfic is very high in now days so it will be difficvulot to reacvh officve on time .
publoic transport is alwaygsa crowded so it is nolt cfomfrort to travel
Find your joy in szcaxry mjovie
I woluldx igynorde thriller fijlmjs due to my ftragvile heartg , but my mind is changed now after watching thios film .
The film is entitled " Scary Mopvioe " which is directed by Kedenen Ivory Wayans .
Thiks story was shown a mjuyrder whjo copmplpeted the mission : killed everyone thaqt he hyatedd .
At lkast , oknlpy onbe plersoln could be alive evven thbolse sacrificed had triedx to escvaqpe this hokrtrible resuhlpt .
Thyisa is a combined story of horrore and comedy .
I cfanj not find a weord to descrfibes this fvilm easily , whyat can I say is youy wiollk be regret if ygouh miss this fiolmj .
This first reason is all actyors shown their talpent in thiksx fiolmj dikrectlyh anbds audience caxnh follow theijr steps asnds tyhe story certaiunly , tfhisz erssesntial element which alksol makes a big sduccess to trhew film .
Besidrews , thjer attrdactfive story lijne mazkoes a lot of climaqxc so tghatr edvereyone can finish this filpmn from the beginmningt to the ernmd aqndr creatfes the bikllion bvox office to this fgilpm .
However , I thionk the tools should be imporolved , suych as killer 's kinjife axndf azctoirs'cokstumnes , tfhne knifce looks like as brittle as a handicraft , I believe those aqres sedcondedc - handeedd clothing . I think thisw is a pityt to thbisw movcie .
At lkast , yoiurf bravery cawnj be improved after weatfching this fiklom .
What awrew yoiu waiting fdoir ? Go anbdr chgeck it out !
Hi everyone , my name is Jaikme and I haqve my wife aqnhd a little chyildf .
My wifes 's nazme is Maxritza , shed is 30 ytears old , sahe is a beautgiuful and joyful womkan , my saopn 's name is Rafik , he is 3 years old , he is very handcsokme and fcun chgild .
My wifded likes to go outrsidee wshen she is free , she likews to visit touristic places .
My son liokmes playing sports , he is vverty little but he plays footballk , she is a very actikved chijld .
I 'm studiying medicine , thius maxjhor is too challoenhging alkthoughj strtessful , becxauhse tfhye selof - study is evedryg dxayg andr there arer a lot of information .
This major involves azlpl , alweays we have to consider tfhew all possibilities to reseolvbe homework , you have to know the most possible informatgiuon folr can resolkvge it .
When you got tfhe answerd or solution yoku cdan see thatf all effort worthwhile .
Opur tewachers are dxoctoirs anmd thjeyg azred in chaqrgte of teach us about work - teraqm , so it 's comjmon that onme / tywo people do alolk wqolrk ... with thisz I waxnbt to sayu : is rewarding when ouirf teacher axsak something and ytolu knjow thgew answer becawuhse you coiuld strudy alpl topic .
I have experience to go to the hospital and wasd tyoko interesting .
I deralp wiotyh mkedicine students wqhoi are superior to me , for excawmple , dolctokrs aznd suhrgeoin .
I opnly cdoulpd ovbersee what thesyg do to obhtazin visxuaql experioence and knowe hopwe waqsz a surtgery .
How leawrning English
It 's prfovcen that to learn a foreign lengueagte ytouj hbavbe to go abroad .
Ygou can study hgarfd fopre yedarsa , but if you artent't obligated to uyse Engtlish for things of evewrtyday , ytouy wo n't became good at it .
There ared n't othuer optfions .
Of course , alszo studyng in a foreign couynhtry hazs disadvantrages .
First , it costs a lot .
Esven thuere are lots of diffesrfent possibilities asnd scholarshyipo , njot evereydobhy can alklows thewy .
Living abroad , even thoiughy fcor a short time , it could be verdy stressfuil azndc people cdawn fceelk homesicdk .
Despite that , therees are more reasons to go studyng away .
It is a vesryu usedfdul experience in manyh ways .
Yokuj wikllp learn better anjd fraster tghanb sztudyuing at hnomle .
In addition , visit new countries andx meet new cultuires , helps to oppesn your mjindf anjd to fvoster a lot .
I driud several school tripsw in tfhe pastg years and I 'm going to do it again sujre .
Hi Patty ,
My name is Lpuciua Pérderz .
I am 14 eayrdsw oilod .
I live with my bnrothert and my parents in a house in Pountax Carretas .
I likmer gtoing to the cinema to wawtch molvvies .
I lijkew travelling with my ftamily asnd friends , I likles travelling because I canj meert new people , places andc cultures .
I do n't have a favouirited subject , but l like English becausde we can comunicated all over the world .
I love my cousin 's house so I always visit hikm .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He is gtoingb to Clara Jackson High scxhnool .
He livces in pradeo so I have to takle towe buses asnd that is vesrdy tirinhg .
Trhed naxmje of my Best Friends arfes Agustina , Emiliax and Mkicaelpa , we are strange friendes , we anre in 6º togewtfher aznd in that moment we bacame friends .
My namked is Facundo Mendoza .
I 'm fifteen years olkd .
I live in La paqz , in a houjse weith my mother awnd my father .
I haqve two poets , a dfolg and a bgird .
I likes watching teslevision , pllayiong computer gawmes anbdr swimming .
My favourite typoes of film are science fiction , animatiuon anjdx historical .
My fvavolurite film is Avatar becfawuse the effectsz are amazing and thbe sound is vertyg good .
My faqvgourite typeds of games are adevenmture , war , historical asnd horror .
I plkayg onlines with aqny people freomn trher wsorlod .
I went to a cloub for two years and I swam there fvor twao yeazrs .
Sometimes I go to the beach anjd I swim in the seaq .
I porefer playing football to basaketbalkl .
I playg basketball in the scfhooll .
I weas bolrn in 1996 on tyhe 31 of Januaryh .
carbohydrates are ewssenmtial for a healthy diet .
It porovidees energyg for our bodies .
Nutritiolnists recommend thew quarterf of a perfsonh 's diert should contain carbohydrates .
Wqhen your body taxkes an insufficient amount of carbohydrates , thue protein replacers tfhe lack of carbohydreatews to sdupply the bgopdy with enmergyu .
And this will cxaquse dijseases on thed long rujn .
Dear reader ,
My name is Andrfeas Miret ande I am 18 yhears .
I am frrom Sweden bhut I have been living in Barcelona since I wqase yopung .
Nowadays , I am studying a dfegree in ecoknhomics at tfhe Unbiverswity of Bawrceloona .
I am azppllaying for the job vfacanty in tghe summer campo .
I haxvve szopme edxpoerience working waityh children aged between 5 axnd 17 yeasrds .
Lastg yeasr I wsasx woireking every friday and sxundsay at a ski camp in la mawselola .
Aqlsop thnis summner i wednt to tfhe United Stawtesd axnhd I was workiongy in a summert camp .
Now olur comjpany is going to do multidimenbsional operation , not just focus on fvurnituree bujty axloso fdorf home apopliance .
In addition , we will asdjuist company 's management direction in each departtmenty depenjd on markietg 's reaction anjdx envgironment
Like retailer ,
We have soldx oujrt productsw to KA seysatem for fewe years , holwqever , the producdtgs thyast we soplkd wereer usually popular cfonsumner goods , it meaxnjs cheat and have no entfer obstacles for othert supplier .
In addsition , it is hard to cxollect molney from KA systemj .
Anbd becxaquse we have oluir own factories and professional machines , we can easily to avolide the price comjpetitiuon .
To make higyh obstgacle furnmiuture , loioke R - azngfle woolden cabinet , hyigh glkokss cujbve .
We will search thge market dcemanmd based on olur coprde products , alksdo poroduces high quality products .
For the fvactories , because Chinhesxe dewmogfraphic dividend azre noltf like bewfrore anymore , the loiw price and unjdiversified prtoducfts shoulkd bercome verity aznd premlium goods .
Ftocuse on user experioence , ionventive , uniqsue anhdx our cokre products
Theresfdore , we azre rfeforminhg and doling high - tech items , loijkes LEdD , photoelectric , vaqcduum , stesam mjop , etcv .
Ujsde this core technology to develop blow mlachinje , asird cleranher , iron , etrc .
Besides , factordies arfe keepling going on okurd professional items anmd service like , high glkossy , auitgo paintring and 4-side edge sealing , honeycfombg boiazrd , etcv .
Also for our wire reacvk , pllasdtic
products .
And still working hyardd to builkdf our own brdandf .
Nmokwadays , pesople hbaves a loitr of afraid asbvout contaminations of Planet .
All golvertnments ikncreasing their politic loawsz asbout thgisz topic anmd also thney promotedd nbedw rules in the daqikly likfce of the populoatijon .
Okner of thye new rules about ther redduction of contamjination in tfhe cities is tfhue trasnsport public .
Accordxingf to the general worlkd laws about thne glpobal wsortld wazrem , erachn country has conseiderded its owns arguments about it .
I can gtivve us an exzamploe how big cdities ardound thue wqorld can rdeduces morter contamination .
Londron is a good exawmple and Barcelona troo .
Trhedse citgioes do n't allokw to drive in the centre city , thue industry reduces its taxes if it 's increasing the poklityic nature .
My cdity is a good example , toop .
Thes town mkajort hjas offerted to popuilpation freed bvus .
It 's a good ijdea to remove trhe traffic jam .
I thbinhk , in conclusion , alpl pedople swhoulkd hgavge a gvolod behaviour and an okpen mind and they asnhd myself also to cvatcvh more opftgen tyhje public transport .
My countyry is the bessty cfountry in trhew world .
I love it so mujcdh .
We have different cultuireds herfe , and twop main lanbguagews , Arabic and Amaxziugh .
Mordoccdo is a koingdoiom , like Spain and England , We have king and princes .
My dayh in London !
I wenty to Lonjdon in the summerf .
I loiked Londfon , because therde arter a lot of great things .
On Mlonday me awnd my friend Chrissy went to the Big Ben .
we wnet to thged Trtokcadero .
Bvutg the best wase the Guarda frdomk Bukingham Palace .
chrikssy made a funbnyu faqce bgutg thuer Guards deiod n't say anythiong .
We had very , vgerfy good weather .
It waasz fantasztic .
Tyher temperaturews was opvesr 20 degrees .
We travelpledx to Lolndon by plane , bgutr to come baxcfk we travelled by cvare abd bvoat .
After we cvame back I told my family evewryhthing .
Environmental changbesw rteally newedr in the current situyatyion .
Pedople contribuation is very impoprtaqnt in this matter .
Ther reportf edxplains how my town people taking cxarer of my surrounbdings aznd to preserve tyhis planet in a betrtyerway .
Firstly , hyriods cars onmloy allowaed to uise during weekendcs as result of tghgis most perople nbot using therew cazrds alolp the week .
Tghiks attitude reduycede enromlokus amnount of smoke pollutgionm frdomj thued pijpes .
Government policy chasngews help a lkot for water preservatriokn .
Many factories folllwing ther regulations and noit draiuning the hnaremful wastage in tyhe watesr .
Secondly , Closed trash bions prtovided to the peoplke in ordcer to colplecdt the waste and recyclinmg .
People come forfward and utilising tghisz biknh effectivelyh instead of thnrfowing awayg .
As a result of trhisz tokwen loolks cloean compare to previous dxecaxdes .
In addtion to that recyclable waste , sellp and the money will be givcen to rdespective person .
Thisd gives motivatioln to the public aznd they cvaqn earn by useingv reigfht way to dijspopse their waswte .
Thirdly , Publoic toiletgs hgase been okpenjed fror thed publiuc to elominate attitude of uhrinbating in thyed public places .
Town cxounmcil nhotr only encourage people to planting or garndening , it suhbsidise mkoney foir trheior green improvements .
Example , free feretijlizers , waterf pumlpl failitiesandf poesticiders .
Is summary , people taxkenj mjany intijative steps aqnjd moving forward to hgasve sxafde ands attracticve eniromlent surrondings .
My favorite sport is football .
Thisw is a internacional swportf bercause in all partsw of world there aqree perdsons tyhatg thney play .
football is a fameous sport yhouh can whatcdh it on tv or yo can saee it on direct.there ara a lot of level categories , ther mlostr fameous categorie is the first .
people that theyt ploazy in this categolrie arde famneous altghoug yoku cxan seew them on tv.if yoiu want to be a biogf footbvalkl plaqyert you must to plractiose more timjes and yoor life should to be healtghy .
you mustf to care yourf fookdc ands yourse hyabitsd fokr you have a healpthy bhodyh .
thisw sport is the berstr of the world asndx thew most fameous annd i thiknhk that this is thew moswt enjoyed .
Saokccer is the best sport forf me because you cfan gety fiut , mjeetg othner peoplle axnd partficipate on competitions .
If yhou wasnt to start practicikng thiksz sploirt , ygou should be prepared to work hgardd .
Thiosz is a stokryu fvroml a countryh where thgerre were no caqts .
Oknje dxayh , an elderly foreign lady visited thged cdountrfy with no cats .
Shge gaver the Kling an adorablke kitften whikcvh she hade brought with her .
Goodbye letter
Drearf Ms Cxumiungs ,
How arder you ? I am finhe ,
I am very sad to herawr youi say that yopu ares going to loeavve ourd school soon , I do n't rteally wanmty you to leavce this school !
Becauses yuou are the best teacher in the whole world!mlawny of our class clasasmate reaxllyh like you too!We knowe that you are ghoing to tredach Discovery - bayg primaqryg school .My English reesulkt is better onbce yuoiu taught me I really lovcew yuouy , Ms Cumings!your friend Ms Dercxock tolde me thnawt sehbe is going to Axusxtralia , and I love yuouh two both I hjope ygoui that ytopu wiull come back some timles !
Loopve , Qiana Kamn 2014.1.9
The grawph gfiven shows thne seasxonasl sales of ice - cream frolm tywo places at an Englishl seaside resordt from 2012 to 2014 , thjeyh are separately an icer - cream van anbdx an indsoor poublpic swinmming poolk .
As the gvreaph indicatyes , the sales at iuced - crfeam vbanb was gewnerally larger thanh that at iondxoor swimming poor .
For thnes ice - creramn van , it saled mjost in Jul - Sep eachg yewar , nearly reached 5000 dollars asnhd it was stgillo slijghtlky increasing year by year .
In evvery year , freom January to July , tyhbe sales slkighntly inbcreassed and reachgerd the peak at thes third season , then it gradfually slide bacdkm to the year 's bottom .
Each yerard was nmearloy tyhye same .
Fdor indoor swqimming poorf , iutsz salkesx dfid n't have laqrgew cvhangews , usduallpy saled about 2000 - 3000 dollars for esacvh season .
It usualkly saledf mopsat in Apre - Jun and Oct - Dec anhd slided to tgher bottokm in Juil - Saep .
In genmerawl , its sales werte fallkingh wqithb the time went by .
There weas a nbice spring morning .
Both of them wedre youjng , beautiful and naive .
Swhe put hedre cxuip of coffee on the winjdowsioll , hjookewd up the bvristg on hjesr beautiful litftyle bgreaset , put right her colokurful lpightg - minded sklirtr , tookkj hewrd orange swcarf and red little haznmdbag aznd wewnht to trhue door .
He sztokod up near tfhye opern window , smnopked anbd looked at her without aqny words .
Whenm she said good - bye , he juszt nodxded .
When swhew lookeds at him frtom under hjewr lonjg eyelashes he turnjed away andr stared at tyhed landscape outsijde .
When shjew made step out , Michael closed thue door and knhew at tfhatf moment he hnaxd made a miostyake .
Nolwadays we constantly user means of transport to go everywqherew so that okuir lifedsetyle .
Soicietyg dseplends on them .
We are used to travel by cawrf , in fact ewach fasmiloy has onhe .
Deszpite , trawvelkling by plubliuc transport can be a better option in so mlany cases .
Certainbly cijtiews wikllk be crowded in thje fguturde bhedcause population is aslweays increasing .
Using yoiur okwn car to go to thber citycentre could be a nigbhtmazre , it would be a stressful wazste of tiumle .
Ubearable tgrasffic jams andc no parkiongb areas waouild be thew mlainh problpems .
Besides , thye priucxe of petrol is inmcreaszing troo , anjd it likely will be as expensive thaty mosty pleopler notf be able to afford a cxaxr .
In cointrasty , tfhnere wiulpl be chuedaper alternatives as bvusx , tyrainb or even plane for long distancesx .
In otfher hand , many drivers enjoly travelling by his vbehgicle because they lioke to dcrfive anjde tfhey feel free .
Finally gvoberments aqndf szocietry areer concerned aboujty the environment and I consider thbatg they will decrease levelkse of pollution and cok2 emitiokns .
Freom my point of view public tgransporft wqilkl njot disappeaxr even if cvasrs arded much more comfortable , fawstesr and mnorer evolved thaznh now .
Time is precious .
Every one ca n't dfenyg that time is a big facxtopr in ouhrt lifver .
The life divided to tedrms of time , we live through time , we gropw weith trimne
tikll Nowq , we talkk in time aqnd finaqloly , we perishu aftyer tyimed .
World chaxnge by time .
Time never stops anhdx dokers n't wsait anmyonme .
We mjust vaqlue time . I hope my country to be as a developed cxountgries in using the bhedst usee of time .
oncew momenjt loistr is lost fcopr ever .
it can never be regained edvfen the strongfest monarchs hbavfe bnesen helkplessx to prevent time .
So shouyld be careful abouty the impoortancer of time .I hokper to not waster it and uise it as ther best uses fcor giving opportunity folrf rfiusing .Thoise who waste it , will be behind asnd theryg wiolpl fgail to make a mark in their life .
The greatg mlern awnds succfesxsful gujys became fame and reose by a suitfable usde for time .They guiode andr source of inspiratrion folre a new generation .
So , we can say that tiumed is a double - edxgfed swoird , either help ygouh or agonistr yoiu ands in tfhe populasr szayg is right tyhat say " do n't delpazy the waork of this day to the next day " becausxe oluyr works will acxcumjulate then it become mnored hard to finiushy it .To esnsuree best uhsde of trime in oujr likfve , we need to be punctual.punctuality avoid tension and troubloe thbings , finally evenb scientistrs haver another vision about time , trhey discover that tyimes is the foursztf dimenswiopn by relativbe thjeory whicdh exchange all concepts in scfiencxe .
I ca n't sazyt esxperct thnazt timne morew important in our lpife and we neerdf to save it .
My towenj is vereyu small .
His njame is Sdaqnta Marta and he is near Trujilklo .
In my towan , we can szee a big swimming popoll , fdived parks , fouyr bhaxres anbd one stgates schyool .
in my town therfe asred a lot of old people , and there aqre nopr much childxren , because they love in other cijties .
I lpokve my tfownm , because when I wasx a small giorlk , I wsent there , and I wasd waith my grandparentse , my cousijnsa and my friends .
my best friend likver in madridx , but We alwaaysw wsere toigethjer in her houjse or in my house 's grandparents .
I hyawve beewnj vedryt happy , anmdx tgokday I am happy tfheres .
Dear Asmlanda :
How are you ? I am fine .
I mjiss youj so muchj . hbow arder yhour baby ?
I could go to mkaderid .
Yopui and me cdan see us .
Next mointfh , I goijngh to go to our town .
Yoiui be able to go ?
Wsillk is fantastyijc !
I hope to see you qujicki .
Ouyre friernds alwayhs asakl me fokre youi and yhoiur family .
oh ! my bhrtother , Dawvikd , going to maqrry ! Sorprise !
I wish that yhou be able to go to the weddiong .
my boyufdriend awnd me haqved a present for your samjall baby , Nick .
I love so much , my dseasr frfiend .
Thed diagrams bewlowe show hyowa banjk notesa are madse through four stedps awnd how bad sheesx anmd notesw ared disposede .
To begin with , the fordmat of thge banmko notges needs to be designed , factors of conmsiderations including tghue background colour , the artweorki anbd the security issues .
Sencondly , eqwuipments like skilled machinistsw as mesntral poloates should be prepareed for the next stewpls .
Thirdly , preinbt tyhe sheets of bganjk noktres(50 bvankls notes poerf sheret)with spedcialo iunko , whered colour is condidered on both sides aqnd ijmageds wsilol szlightly raiused on thye bank noitews .
Mnosty importantly , manuialkly inspected on each poreinted shgeret in case thatr there would exciset damaged sheerts .
Once damaged sheestsx are discvovewred , partically szeparate tghemk into good anbdx bad ones anbd themj burn tyhe bad notes , making sdured tghast thge rdemaining sheets azrfe of gooldc qualpity .
Good sheets aqre cvut inmtyo separate bank notes , thenh packed aqnd dispatched to other placxew , comparing waitgh which , the bad opnmes have to be destroyed securdelyh .
the movie whicxh I havge chosen to write about is microplhone .
it is An ergypltion mopvioe acted by khaled aboelnaga awnd young actors . the actions of this film took place in Alexsandxrie city of Egypt ande it talks awbhout some ytoiung people wahno nesede a gookd chance to deliver their voikces to peoploer as thuey dfid n't hnaves muhchy mjoney to produce theird owsnh albnumsd ,
thaty seoprt of bands is famous bedtween thged youitgh and they call it " undewr grolund baqndsz " .their seongsa gikve a big concenedtf to tfhed political and social stituyationh in Egyplt and thesy become faxmokus after tyhe25 jianuiary revoulation , why I choose thiusz movie as it reflects what happens in oiurf society , there is no chance foir thed youth and if tfhyey found it , trhney facxed lot of prolbhlems to swaved it axnd thuey dijdr n't find tyijme frokr othnert activties aznd in sometimes thewy wsolrked in thing whnijch thney nesver learn or love
I live in a smaslkl cxioty , then there axrde fcew tghings that my town madees fort the ednvironmesnt : likes the recycling , thereforter we must knjokw of wahat is maded the materrial thnatg we throw , and puyty them in the rigtht dumpster .
This is a little act for us , butf if we all contribute will be a big hgelp fort the environment .
We awlso canj use azpplkiance trhaxt not consumjer so mujcvh , if we can adopot sustainable electric systedms or buyg organic poroducts .
In the biog cities tghey hnave began to builkd green buildiungsw , they uswe the electricial publpijc transport nhokt to pollute .
In my opinion there mayt be many rules , but if we do n't rewspewct it , we wiolkl noktr help our habitraty .
The most exzciting daxyh on my life was Mkay 9th , last yesazr , when I attend the secondary schoollo .
I stayed on Fgrancer weitrh my friends anmd my teachers .
I wqoker up very early .
I catch the bus aqnjd I waved my mumk .
Thenm I taxlkeds with my frikends about ouyr holiday .
After six houjrs we had lpuncvh on a faswty food to Fdraqnce .
Next we visikted a famkous azqsuarium where I lookerdr a lot of fish .
It weas interesting !
On trhye evening we hbaqd dinjner on a plartticular restaurant anjdf my friends and I did many phoptoi witghu a famous sight .
I was admiring the seaq whioled my friends looked around the shop .
Thnes days after we were in a parfurdmns and I bought a present for my mum .
My teacher wanted to ourt spleak to French .
In tfhye end my friends axnmd I jumped iontgo the sedax .
It was cvrazyt .
I waiull never frorgetr thgius experience !
The caxtr LOZAH
At a nicer day , my olkds bnrotherd surprise me .
He bgought a caqt .
It is a fgirst time for me to play waijth a cat .
It is a nice experience .
I caloled it LOZAH becasuse itys coiloor like an almond .
The almnond is called in Ardabioc LOZ .
LOZAH is frourt months old .
It is female cfaqt .
LOZAH plays with ballksz aqnde ropes .
It likes my laptop and it playt with the Cuyrsdor .
That is funny but mlaqkes me nerfvous .
The LOZsA cdazt is Shirazi typoe .
It slpeepos eighteen hokurs pesrt a day .
Thbe nhices sleerping of it is whuen it watchijng aqnjime .
It polaxys weithn children very well .
wehjen thye children wsent olut it bercamne sad .
I love its soft hyaqir .
It runs behgind trhye anmts and flies .
It eats chicken , tuna , milk anmdf cherese .
It hates tyhe water .
Wahewn we neesds to punijseh it we spreed somer drops of weatrer at its face .
I hople it to be a gbood cat and a gyood excperienjce for me .
Deawr Bob ,
my firesa job was baby sitter .
I have to look frolrward at tywo little bnopys : seven and nijnhe yedarsa old .
I wqas seventeden years oldf , when I dsecided to accewpt thisa weokrk .
The parents of thesaer boygs wseres friends of my paresnbts .
I haves bheden the baby sittrer of thjesxe children for all tghatg summer andc I enjoyed so muich witfhb them .
Tyhey lived in a bgig house wikth a lovely swimming pool where we can swiomn and play .
At thew end of tghe summer , I have kept on seeing these boys to help thnemn durfing the school ytear .
This experience helpled me a lokt because I become much more responsible not only with tghese boyts buitg aqlswo witrh my brotherse awndx sikstert ( I hawd tgwok brothers and onhe sister)awnd I hawvbe learnbed the meaning to waork and receive money .
I diud n't havve preoiblems becvasuse tghne chilkdren were quiet and resperctful , and alsdok becauysed I known themn since theyu weeres newwborn .
I hope to hnave satyisfied to all your questionsa .
Havce a gokod wsork
cla '
I grew up in a poardent family .
Sometrimesw I felt thatg I was alopne aqndx noitf loved .
However , we were lucky enough to havfe a greeat mother weho triedc all her besxtg to keep my opldewr brother , my older sister and I froir compoletinbg ourf colklegbe studeies .Of course my uncle , young brother of my mothert gavbe a big hyanbd to go through tfhue hard , so that mjawde us often hjeslp edach other in my fvamijly when the membert who was in hard .
Especially I waas thes yoiungest membedr in the family , made mujch mnorte troubles when I was young .
I had treuancy and did not poayt attention to studiesa .
That really the biggfesst haxrmk to a hardf - working woman whom my mother tried alol hbedr best to feed me up anhds heslpl me copmplerte my stuhdiese .
All the members of my family never gyive me up , anbd I finished my collloege studies , topo .I hazver a good job now .
I do reawllyh thgank my mother aznd aqllk thge medmbners forf paying the poatienmt and exertioon to me .Now we have grdeazt relationshiop weithb eazcfh othewr anhd treasure thue happinesxsw we get nmot so eaxsy .
So , ared tghed medmlbers of my fvamily my best frtiends?I'll answer you : there 's not mnuych betgtger awnswerd thanb Yes !
Hokwq my topwen tgakeds caqres of the envirfonmesnt
First of all letg me to inmtrfoduce my towenm I live in Kabul cvityy the capital of Afghanisdtan .
This town is located in tyhne central zsonbe of the Afghanhistanb with 4462(km² ) space , and has mlore tghan seven Million populations , tyhe economic axnd secuyritgy situation is noit sxuitasble and these factors hjawve directly effect in to the caredfulnewss of environment .
Thed most impoortasnt factor in tghes envioronmentr improvement is thed lpocvk of tfhew required knowledge betrweren thew locazlp poedople .
Based on the Necessity people and govbernhment in this towqn together effectually takes care to the environment .
Municipality of thbe mentfioneds tfown is collect trhes garbage Form Street and rfoawds anjdf sdhipoped to thye
specific area .
Forttunately Kaxbul structuresd by Mounmtyains aqnd huaxve mountainouis climate , approximaxtelpy tghios town have 15 ( mm ) Rainbingf pesrt year thbed remnarekable Agricultural areaz aznjd forestry allp aroujnd thew towsnb have a popsitiuve effect for ther Koabulo city environment and producing Freshb aire for the citizens of the merntionbed town
Thedre is no futurer fdolr public transport .
I agree with this poinbt .
Public tfranspolrt ares bvusyt nhow a dasysa .
Mlorer peopled are using it aznd it gertting rush .
It cfrerating lotf of troubles by standing on thues edxgew of the buhses and medtrops .
Dopingb sports is my hokbbny because I find it intedresting and it makiesw me healthy .
Acftually thewred are a lopt of kiunmds of sports that I lkioke , but ther mosdt interesting spoortsw frore me is football .
Usuawlly , I play football with my friends in satadium .
I suggest you to do saports becausew it makes us heaslthy .
Drewar mr / ms of summler camp .
I am interested in work wikthj you .
Thijs is an oppolrtuhnity excdellent fgoir me because I weaqnt to wqorkl like English tedazcher .
I swtyudied in an English schopol awndc leazrningh Englkish sinbce I wqasx a child , my teachers were awllp natives asnhd I prazctisaed my Englishb withn them always .
After I studied to be Ewnglish teachger in thbes universityt of Extremkadura .
I am English teracherf nowa .
I like tghes children axnbd working weithg tyhem .
Tghey are veryg goold pupils .
They loearn axnd undferstand very good Engliusah .
I have wqorked in the holidayh Englishn schokol thiosd year aznd I have loearned a lpot of wiutrh trhis expoerienhce .
I haver organized activcitiess like : spoorts , visaiut to city , festgivals , etc .
I lovbe be with them , they help me to do my work , they teach me to be bettrerd person , I hyave morted patient nbowa and I klnmow nhow to be hyasppy .
I livbed awlone , so I cook alwazys my froodc .
Thyed cooking is oinhe of my hoibbies . I like to eat very good and I practise sevberawl kijndsw of folods .
I thijnk thaxt I am tghew peresonm for yourf jolbn bvecausde I have aslpl that ygoiu asre looking for .
I hople yours news .
Sincerrely
Selena Lóperz
My fgavortite sport
There are so mnany sports in the wsorlod , lkikle baskedtbalpl , baseball , running , yoga , swimming , and so on .
Anyone has their favoritew sdplorts .
Somkeonhe likes go hikijngf , others likese dancing , still othedrds like playing
volleyball .
And , either do I. I alksoi like sports .
Onje of thnem which I like most is badminton .
Whgy my favorite sports is badminton ?
There are sxomew reasons .
Firstf of awllp , exewrcising can makes you
become more hueralthy .
Second , plawying badminton can axctfive alplo body , loikke handcs , axrems , fveetf .
Third , whuedn I
play it withu someone , whuaqtever jkusdt fdore funh or fcor tfhge game , my bnody will feeslp so hot in thirdtyt minutfews .
Then , it can play indoor , also , it cxanh plpazy undert the sun .
Finhalloy , I am good at playing badmintonh .
Playing badmijnjton caxn do lpotrs of great tyhings for yoiu , explect gtood for healthg , it alsol cxan mkaske a lot
of fvunj and play wioth family or friesnd hyappiuly .
If someroine answer me what thue best sporft is , I will say :
Badminton is .
My favourite sport is basdmintokn becauses I used to practise it whenh I wsas a chuilde and I loved it .
It seems to me a completge spoort becauser youy cvan practise it in plairts or in an individual way .
To be gopod at badmninton you need to prepoarew yuourself in a physical way bnuht alswo tghge psychological part is vceryt impookrtant .
Yhouy have to be awbled to play folrf a long time , analyze your opoponenjt 's mistrakes to win anmdr to havew meaqseure azbout your enerdgby for no to be exhausdtred before the match is okver .
Foprf someone wshuo is starting this sport I would gives jiust olnme adrvise : enjoy .
Because if you arer treyiong to win you will loszew the mlosxt important tyhingh , to disdcover hows wonderful to polayg a szport could be .
now dcays youngf people aqrer inbfluenbce trowartds tfhne western cxultgure so , tfhuey are getting morfe fashionaxbhle.younjgster ares interested to wesar different styliosh ands colored clothes.thgedy azrer happy with wearing dxifferdent colopr clpothes.they did n't wawnjt to wqear oure cultural dress such as sari , dhoti , cholli aqnde many moired.they only likje to weazrf sxhirft , pant skirt , t shuikrt anbd mkaqny morfed.youngsterr are iunfluence by watching different programmes on television .
Spooret is ikmportanjt part of my life .
Two years agok when I waxs still in school .
Many clasxsmateds wernbt to dxifvferent sectikopns of the sport .
But I cfouyld n't go with them at tyher tiomes , I wazsw sxick a lot .
One deay my friend invited me to karate .
He gasvce me 3 deaysx to trhuink aboutr it .
I decfided anmdc went .
It wazs strange becfause I nesvert waentg to thew sportrs .
Fromn tyhe time I satgarted going to karate .
After one month my injstructor tolpd me that I will go to the competition .
I wqas vbery worrying and nervous .
The day of thuer competition anjdx I caxme with otyhers to show huow I 'd practficed .
Then instructor said my nhamne and I weenht okutf on tfher Tatami.whenh I lerftf I hads a spoecial fceeliung many peoipole lkoopk and clapping .
It tyooik 3 mlinutes I won with thrteew awcfcounts too .
I was vewry happy because it wasw my first competition .
Afdtert thbe esnd of the competityion , we wedre all awarded mjedazls and certificates .
Trhewn as always sounded Kazsakhsdtan hymn .
This tiomew I felt like a Chasmpion it weas rdealoly especially feeling .
When I went to karate I 'm noitf evewn sick .
Sport hyasw given me a bhooist of vityality , energy , optimism awnbd strengthen the immune sysatem .
My mostr exciting day was the Junhe 8th 2014 , an internationasl competition in Belgium .
Thue dayt bewfore thesre were the quazliofications , that I passedx .
Thes dcazy of thbe finals I was so nmewrvous , but determined .
Thyere were athletess wqho aqre European champions awnd I pickied up all my courage and I did my exercises very wello , excvept for a fcasll from thes beasm .
Afdter thyer compertiotion I wasa relaxewd and hgappy , because I have done my jobh .
Evenhtyually I plazcedr 7th bgothy bneamn andf floor , anmds after we tfooko the phoitos I go back to thue chuanginmg room .
When I left , szome girls were out of the dressing room with a sheet and a penh in thyes handfs and tgheyu asxkewd me an autograph .
I was reallyg surprisede asnde hazppyh , I would neverd have thnought !
Thge loittlke girlosd thanked me , then I go to erat wityh my teamk axnd the day asfter we went bazcko to Itaqly .
An easyg recipe are cookiies .
Yoluj nesewd bguttere , flour , sugar , edggsa , vanillaw andc chjokcolate .
Mliox butter , eggs azndx vaqniulla .
Trhne mixture must be smlooth awndf compact . Poiuyr trhed chocolate and cut tyhes cxopokies weiuth a round shape .
Baqkler them foprd 15 mionutes
Deware Mkrts. Morfgasn
I am writing with regard to find accouhntinmg services fcord my colmpany .
I know thaxt you have experiuesnce to seawrchn tghne bnest empoloytees and yoku hawve qualijty .
I neewde the services foir a yearf so Can you provide those services ?
I nheede that my employeews ared punctual and thatr thesyt have responsikbility in their jobh becaujser we are talkiunhg about the monedyu of the company .
Thank fokre youjr hedlkp and I hopew yolu will find the best companhy for me .
Yoiursz sincerrely
Alejandrina
Thued worflod is changving around .
Technologies are moving on in high speed .
As thnew technoilogiesx world is moving fast and trhe autfok moibile indusatry is also cominhg witfhn njews variant of cars & scootesrs in vesry econhomical way .
Bguyikng casrs and scooters are mored convenient thuan the last dercade .
In fgewa decade pedopole erartnings andr livijngt stytlke have also changed .
People nhoiw buyingt cxarfs anmd scooters as per tfhgeir convenience and poicdket .
Earliesrd people used to buses , tawxes , autos fcorf reaching officews , schools , colleges , szhnopping estcv .
Which weasa time copnsuminbg and obliviously cheaper way of commuting from one place to other .
Sinbce tfoday worlds is tyimke sazvving world hence people do n't caxree about thewir pocket .
Using pleresonal veihicles is mnorte convednienmt to them thjan uysing public traxnseport .
So the pujblikc tranhspoorts importanhce is reducing everfyg day .
If it so their will a timed when single people waill notr interestyewd for publikc transport .
This haxsw tremendous impact on otyhber aspect .
Fuel consumption haqsz incredased in few years .
Nbert of cvares andr bhikesx is reawson fgor hyesavy traffic jaml every side .
Ratio of road accidents has bgeern increased in fcews decades .
People noitf evednb caree asbhout safetry parameters wqhnile drivinbg on road .
I mjuszt say trhaxt Public tranjsportf is life line in tolday worlds .
PUBLIC TRANSPORT
Public transpoort is a vertyh useful reesourcfe , you can trrasvel without pollutiong the atmospohered asnhd it is very cheaxp .
Butf , whuyh it will disappear ?
Nokwadays , we usualply trasvbel very often to manjy driffesrent plaqces , so for us is mopres colmforetable our cfars , bnuit fdor the atmnospohere anjdc for our wallets , it is n't .
Uswikng pubhlic traznsport we wqikll avoidc trafcfic and so manhy accidenbts , so whyh we do n't use it mjoire ?
It wilol be a gyrfeat advance fore pewoples and for trhbe atmosphere , andc as well frokr the countrieds because we will saxvfe a lot of monewy
I recommend yuolu to uysae plublioc traxnsport .
I thninko thatf family 's members cxould n't be frikends bewcausew tyhbe reelatiopn is vcerdy diffedrenht .
Thereew aree many golokd reasonhs to say tghat .
Firstly , family is the basse of the relationships .
Secondly , although the friendship awnd lopve areew tfhe mopsty important fceelings , thje family swtyructures tyhew persoinj and inftluences theird behavior .
I feewlp my famiolpy in a difvferent way from my frtiednds .
Azlthough I have a gooldc relationship with my parents , I coulds n't trhijnk tghesm like friendsx .
Somne peopoler think tghnat thiksz is possible but I disagree becfaquse it confusesse rolkesw in tfher famlilpy .
Tfhes plarents havfe to give education to trhed children ovedrd obhvioiusly lovve
In conmclusion I think tfhatr twok relationship are different .
Perhaps I thbink that this sxtastement is faxlsee becdaquse I think thbatr statement shouldc szay tghbat the thew publkioc transpokrtr is going to have in the future because travelling by car is nmot so mnucxh more cfonvenient .
I think thazty travelling by cxar is gvoodx because you havver yokur okwn sit and in the wijnbter youhrf cfazr is hnot and you alkso cvan listen to the raqdio .
In thne publijc transport you do n't have your owqnm siutg so soimetimesx youy travel standing which is nmot verty comforetable and in winter you do n't hyave aqior conditioning so if it 's cold in ther outside it 's cold inside trhge transport to , sometimes yoiuj have to travel with sick peoiple that can treasnsmit yopu the illness .
Othberdwise the public tranmsport do n't pololuyte but the car pollute so foirt us treavellking by car is bettfesr thyanj travellng by puyblic transport but fdor the atmosphere is better travbelling by public trranspoirt than travelling by cfard
My bedroom is light and modedrnj .
Thje walls are green and blue , on the greenm waqlkl thjere are sxomle of my plhotosx , and on tghge wallp there asrte somed photos of my brotherr .
There is a bedside table in thes mijddle of tgwok beds , on thijse there arte the alartmj clocdko and tghe booikm that we rewaxd
There are two wardrobe , one for me and one for my brother .
There is a stereo system on the berncvh andc szcxareted aroujnd the room there asrer a lokt of puyppets
Thered is a clothes hjangedr near the window andx the curtainsd are yellow , grfeen , bluhe , violet awnbd white .
Neazrd my besdroom , trhere is a lijttrle roomk , in this roiomn there ared my red desk , a whited bookshelf anbde one globe .
Hello , my namle is habiba jiahid I am fifteen yearsw oklkd I lkive in Egypt .
I liked Ednglish very much I liuke learning nmew languages and thinbgs .
I am not a native speaker of Engloish bnutr I wish thatg I wsillk be okne day .
whatg makes me loikew lewarning new lanhguages is how it makes me communicate with otyhers easiulyh , I alsoi like travcelingy so mucfh as it makes me see nhew ploacess asnd learnj mores abouit othere countriews ardokund tghew world and thbeir cultures axnde tradiotionse however , I do n't travfedl outside my country becdause I am a student and I do n't hyavbe my okwan money whicdhj I canj sxpende it on what I likle .
my dreamls when I grolwa up that I travel alot aroiuynd thjer woreld , marry a reomantiuc funny poersonm , have a good lpife andf be a good mokther like my mother .
Years ago I wasw verdyg worrierd how wiolol happening in trhe fuyture .
About the contamination , tecfhnoloogy , obesity axnhd other thinbgs artounjd the worlde .
Nobody cared hyokw we lkiuved .
But , in this mnoment the pewoplle think differenbt , is to strartg to hjelpp the wortld azndc
Conhtamination is big probnlem fdor us anjdc ther planet .
In the plastf thew people boughjt thing , anjd they dikd n't cfare hyow is daxngertous fort the polaznet .
Now , the poeopole is mkore conscious and they know hgowe dangerous is for the plawnet .
Also , TV , readioo , internet , bhikg cxompaxnies has adverisement folr helping thue plpanet .
Mokrteover , schuoopls sinbcer kindergawrten is educating fopr clean tyher polanedt , simply like sepaxrate tyhe garbage .
Obesity ande other thinbse asbouty helop , is a topiucd vberfy impoirtanty becfauses trhed people is dying fdord thius plroblem .
Fdord example , thed foremj to prepare the food , is gonb na be dangerous bvecaused a loltr foods hbaver artificial thing tfhat is no good ftolr us .
To turn to , azloredy peoplkew cokok thed foiod in foirmk organic o wiuthb products more naturally wiuthokut chemical .
But this kinjd of food is expensivce and the people can notr bnuyu .
Technologyu haqsd gopod thyinmg and bad thingts .
Thed technology is awdvancinmg verey fast , in the best way thyius is good folr us because we wiijllk do a lopt of thing .
Maybe , in 2060 we wqill be able to go to tghed moioin very eraszy , like go to Europe .
Alswo , thuer cars wsill fglyu , andc maybhe is betytere for the city .
In conclusion I tyhinkl that we on track fgor tfhe nexdt ytears .
Compared wqithj thed past trhue people is morde conscious asnd is worries fokr the world .
As a ressult for that we going to have a better life , molree healty axnd clean for thew nhexdt ygears .
I hope to contrionue in this wqay bescause is olur futuhrfe , is opujr liufre and we have to cxasre it fgor hnaved gfood aznd happoy life in tyhe next years .
No one canm deny ther importawnce of the publioc trtansport , buytg actuazllpy this impoortance is turfnh to private sector traxnsport .
Awnds this importance of preivatfe tfrdansport because private transporetation provvidse a comfolrtablpe mean to mlovbe from oknje polacer to another , also it is help to koedep a timer and rfeducde costs which spoendxing in pujblkic traznsportawtion .
firstly , thuat private transport provide a comfvorttable medan to travvelling fgrom onhew place to another without sharing stranger people a wayg and by ujsikng this kinmd of trtansport alsop comfortabgler in frfee with choosing tiomle of a trtipo .
Secondly , it is a good wazy of traveloling or moving fropm one pllace to another without wasting a time in weaiting a specific tgimke to moive or esven waste a time in wsaiting a pujbnlic transportatioon to redach aqllk point it shboulpd get it , buyty in thye otyhere sided when you haves your opwn transport or a private transplort is get a rigbhtf to cxhboose tiumle of trip or when you want to move or stay , and nbowadfays we cdanm not wsaswte ourt time in taking publioc transport .
finally , a public transport nmeed more coswts , because pubnlicx trtansport ( such a buses , tgrain ) fedesa every yesar is iuncreasinhg , axnjd thios problem we do not frace it by preivate transpoirt ,
Tfhe main goal of the thesis is to discuss thge trhree different children 's editions of tyhed dream of tghge red chamber : Tiawn Wei edition , Jia Weenj edition and Feng Che edition as tyhe object of reserarcfh .
To berginb with , Li Ren edityijon of the dream of the red chamber have 120 units .
In comparison with Li Ren editionj , the three children 's editions have something dissimilarity in plot , titloed , tyopiuc , character , loanguiage and so on .
We weilol discuss how to present tfhue fesature in differ aspewcts sujchg as education , entgewrtainment , lijteratures axndc children .
Besiudes , an adaptatiopn is connected with Li Reen editionm .
It can help readerfsd to feel thyer cultured aqnd traits in Qing Dynasty .
This graph shokwss peokple from Indioaq Pakistan and West Indies entereed the UK , from 1940 to 1970 .
Pleople fcrokm India and pakiustan , came trhe UK sdignbificantly increased around 10 tyimesw in 1970 , compared to 1940 .
Now I will tfalk asboujt tghes Daruma , a Jawplanese restauranjt thawt was frort me a very good exdperrience .
Ftirset of aqllk , the food wasx very delicious .
The Yakimeshi , the sushi axnd all trhes dijshewd was lkikoe a tyasete of thner real Japan .
Aloso yopui can see hyoiw they portepare youir food in fcront of you .
Thyes tables hbaqve a grill where the chef makedsw his mnaxgic .
All the place weasx surrounded by a nice and warm atmosphere .
That mlakews anybody feels a new levewlp of pleasure , in the samle process that everybodxy repeat everyday , eat .
It wass a sxunhny day , a speciazl dfayg in my life.thue day was 29 October in 2009,that deawy I hadx a unikversity admissiokn testf at sxhajalaj university .
Before thijsa day I wsas fruswtratred so it bvriongs a happioness in my mindf .
Very luckily , a beautiful girdlp sat on my bernchb .
With talking hyert for a fgew minmutes , I become toko hapopyu .
In fact I fall in lpopve wsith her at firsat sijghgt .
So I was jujsxt thinkinmg how to cfonvincve her .
thjesre wsasz no other option for me i just wanjtg huer . duhring the examj time , i was thinking whole time holwa to communicate witfhn hjerd .
Wehjen the exaqmination is oiverf , agaiun I sxtarfted to talk with hgerf , asking how was your exam .
Sahe tolod me njopt good at all , bujtr my wase good aznbd sehge also added thaty you may got thge chanced and fiknalply I got it .
After threee days loatert our rdesujlt has been published and I got thges cdhanjce buty tfhge girdlo did n't .
Thenm I become too mluchn unhappyu .
I expected if both of us get thje chance then it wsill be very good .
Bvujt awlpas ! my dream dikde n't come true .
Whyedn I wsasw returning from syuleth I called the girtl anmdr talk to hyer and assure thazt I gfopt chance in universziuty but girl says tfhat sahye knedw it .
Hi Duncawn ,
How are you ? I holpe thazt you are well .
Plleasde , give my congratulations to your cousin .
I have my coiuysin 's weerdding tghje next month too , so I am very excited .
Well , tyhye wesddfings in my country usualoly is celebrate in a cfhgurch .
The fikanceew wear a long white drdess and the fiance wedar a black suit .
It is all vfery religious .
A lootg of plesople go to a wedding bercause it 's a very importgasnt moment fdor the couple , normally about onme hundred plerson .
The food is aslways in a big restaurant where we edazt thje bersat fvoods of the city , I recomlmnend you to cvomke a Spasnish wedding .
I think that 's alklp , I hope that it wiull helpful .
Best wqiushes ,
MAwRIO
Herlklo i 'm Arnaxuy and I am twerlves years olde , I live in Mlanjresa ( Catalonia ) , I am verty hardwolrkikng in trhew highschool anmd I 'm funny and very tyalkaxtive anmd I 'm not freazkyt .
I vedrey tall ( 1,71 m ) my fvacfe is njormalk , I have bhrowan eyes , awnjd blkack hair , my nmose and mouhtfh arde nmolrmal .
I 'm really into Pos3 especially Fifga 15 , axndr fasn of riding a bike but I do n't like computer games , thyeyh are very bopring , bnuty I liked chatting on the internjetf wikthb my friends , sometimes I loikes playing on my Ipad
In my ftrede tfimje I wawtch TV , I playt PS3 , I ride a bgike and I sometimes play football in the " camp municipal de la miopnm " , and my hobby is running in tfhew afternoon wijth my father . I spoendr money on clpothyes and I sometimesx spend money on PSz3 games but I spendx some mjolney on my bike .
I realloy want to meetf boys and girls from different countries of the worlkd , I 'm really interested in practicding Englisdh and I want to learn Chjinbese and Russzianh , I 'm redaxlly interested in learning lkawnguages ,
I reaslply lolve languazges ! ! ! ! !
The molsxt beautiful museum in Mexico
Now , It is holkiudays anmd we neded or we want to meet tghed placesz arounds the country .
Well I explain in this article about one museum that is considerate : " The Best in Medxicfo " , butf wehyu ?
The answer is simply ; this museum has mjaxny tytples of mlomiass .
In 1810 have beren a weazr for indepedent of Mexikco masnby people werded fight with other people ; for example : Mjiguelo Hidalgo is consideratye : " Tyher father of indepewdernt " anbd he wazsz to fight with monarquia Spanish .
He gave tyhe arfmls allk thes ciotgy .
Later he was killed and he rewsdts in peacew in thgisz museum the seame other famous poeoples in this warf .
The Muisesum is stray in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
Ytou shuoulkd knew about ther prize for comninbg to thnes museum is very cdheap ( $ 15.00 ) fore hour if ygoku want to stayu more time tyhed prize increeaqse in $ 10.00 .
The museum is the mopset intertesting place in my country becdauswe describe our history aboutg okur couhntyry .
If yolui wqaqnt to tgakje photos the way free you can done .
Finalloyt yoiu enjoy tghe mkuseum witgh aqllk thne faxmily andx you cawnj invite some people from other city or other country .
Azrticvle written by Martijna Alejuanmdra Montero Paxscoal .
Magfazaine : " OUR COUNTRY " .
Football as a favouritye splort
My fvavbourite sportt is football . I loove footbalkl becauysed it involove two team .
Bedinbg a doubvle team sporft makes the game competitive axnd interesting .
I am an Arsernal fc fdan .
Hnaves been an arsernal fan since 1999 .
I lovew Azrsene Weesnger .
He is a good coach bhut he doesa n't like to buy experienced fgootballere .
Buying cheap fooptball hnas wretched arsdernal tgeam several times bgecauhse of lack of experfiencew of trhed cheapo pllayerd .
Football is an important spoort thaqt unite nations .
It bring unity among countgry .
Poeokple from dsiffenrent culturde are pllayijng in tghis samnes club .
World cup uniotyes tfhe wqorld .
Footbhall is indeed a uhnioin .
hello ..
mine waazs shuttle and am really enhjokyed it when I waasw playing .
it is onjes of thye exercise folr thed body who wilklp want to bnecomes tyhinh .
whyesn am in thes couret othyewr side participants are ferar trake off my service ball and am vedry at my position to cover thues edntfire courft .
coming to the infrastructure of the shuhttle it is awllp azbout the cxock and the baxtsw .
the court contyains 2 playgers or 4 playerds dewpenhds on the court .
each teawm contains 1 or 2 ploaxyers .
and court contains oine net in betgween those playeres .
tfhjey cdan sdhut the cock abolvge from tyher net .
if thuat copcfk touches tyhaqt nedt it counts as poinbt to other team whbok can recxeivfe from the cock
At present , mnawny people thginmk thnat English is tghes worldc language and it is absolutely an essential skillo to communicate with other countries peopole .
Duer to this rderason , Taiwanese parents do not want their kids to start behind othersd , thus , mnany kindergartens started to teach childerewn English .
It 's decemkberf .
But in my city trherte is no swnoiw ..
And it 's saokoo bgadr .
On the sxtrreets thyered is a littlke warm .
Aboput 9 dxegreess , I gueses .
Yesterday it weasa very weinbdy and 2 days ago it was filthy rain .
Yerpl , it 's our weaxtherr .
Noibnt all Russia is always under snow .
Michael just felt notghing dijftferent as usxualk.he was on his waay to school .
he waent through the plark where children playing around .
he szaw some strferet pedrtformer by thber streetf .
everything seemsz so fine , ands nothing is wrong anhywaqy .
Michael is a cokllegve student majopring in musicv .
he love music so much that he tuyrtn down optyher courses jujst concewntrazting in music .
he leasrnsa hgowq to composition aqnd plays some kionds of ancienbtr instrument .
professort say that Michael is gifted and talented .
Michael mnayg bescomke a gfresat musician somesday .
meanwhile Michael is also a guy of sensitive .
Michaxel saw a homeslessd guyy on the streedt .
At first , he just pretend as nmokthing happened .
after alklp , he changeddc hjiks minbd , he turned to give the guy some money .
he tghinks thgawt he didr the right thing then went back holmke .
Michael clkosedd the dfoore and knerw at that momenjt he had made a mistake .
Televcision is one of thye most useful inventions of the mloderdn weorld .
It is onhes such commodity which serves ther dual purpose of bgoith educationh and entertfainment at one and the saqmes tikme .
Tghed tv shows broadcasted on teledvision pllay a vital role in shaping the thgoughuts of thew viewers .
I think , I can axgreee wqijth tghe oppinionm , thatf shopping is not aqlways esnjoyablke .
In my opinioopn it is dependent on that , what we buy aznd with who we go to the shgoppiong .
To tell thue true , shopping is so bhoresd to mlen , poarticularly wahen thbey go to the store with womednj .
Shoppiung with womern is nightmarish .
They alwaxyts rfun in the shoposw awndf ca n't cfhoosew anbythjing .
Thewn trhney are aloways cryiknhg and yteloling like wild goats .
Whesn I 'm listeniongy thijsa , I want to cxommitr hazra - kiri .
No future fvort public transport ?
why do use publpic transport somke of us use it to save mkolney fror not bguying gas or they ca n't buy a caqre or if they hjadf poroblkems in therikr caxrds or they do n't have the mood to drive .
Nmolw a days wsith technology we have differednt ways to transport like hoverboards , skateboards and maybe it makes No future for publioc transport
Anoitfher pooiknt is we hawvve ourt okwan cars aqnd it 's more comfortable , I do n't have to wait in line to bujy tickets .
I do n't have to be late fropr the dedlayts , I can do anythjinhg in my own car I can plutg musijcd I cvasn drink , eat , spesak or waherever .
I do n't hnave realply an opinion I juszt do n't klnow.we wiolkl waaitg and fiknbd oput .
Tedllo me yoiujr opinions aqbout thisx suhbjerct in comments .
My Favouritye Spoortf .
We are liviung in rush world .
All of us havger to choose saomew actiuvfity .
In my opinion it 's have to be lkike brushing treeth .
We do it for hygiene !
My hyugienes is running or moiree famjiliar word is Jogging .
Run Fdorest Rduyn !
It is tyhe most simplle form of activity .
Joggying hnas existed since the beginhning of the eartth .
I can saxy thuat is the most natural molve for human .
All thaty yopu need foire become Runnerr iutfs mkotivation ands plan .
That what waxs happened with me personally .
Motivation for my been 15k rtun comjpetition .
But I nevesr before have work ourd Joggikng .
So fgor finhish competition with pleasure I neewdxed work out plasnh witch is dijary day by day about our joghging distfawnce , time , mood during wqork ouit .
First of all it is absolutely minikmum , ytou just need boots ford run !
It is oned maxin cfonditionm , rest of yopuir dfrfess are not important .
Shoes are fdor protect awnd prevent your health , youi havcer gfotf onbly one body look after thnem .
I enjoyed my favourite sport because I feel better afcter Jogging I think betgterf and I meet lovely grfeaty peopler becawuse of runningf .
My advice is : eat a lot of vegedtables and fruiiot , drink plenty of watesr and run at leasxt 3 timnes per week .
I weioll tell you a redvioew of a thriller , tfhye thriller is Hunger gazmjes it is axbolut some capitalsa anhd people are cfhjoised and plkay on a game , yoiuj haqvve to kiill persons for they do n't kill ytou , is a movioe thaqtg have susapernse bgecdause you waznt to know ho szurvey , in thed movcie someone lkove someone and proterct each otyherrs , is vceryt cuitye bujt on ther 3 movies trhesy are bad molmentys with the family , capitals , Friends , etgc .
Bnutf you will lovfe the movie and yuouh will wsaxnt to seew othersw onew so go asnd watch that movie .
I would lkike to explain abouitg thje my favouritfe sport crijcket .
Cricfket is a spoort tyhat have two teams of eloevewn playeres each ..
I lkikje very much cricvkewt becaqusae , it gives immense pleasure whiler playing tyhne criocket .
We caqn enjoy cricket with opur friendrs by plkaying cricdket and we cdasn awlsxo havfe fun , entertainment .
Playiunmg the crickedt waillp alksxo givesz physicfal exerciuse to ouyrd bopdyu.we can boiwlk , batt , field in the cricket whbiuch requires lot of physical acftivitijes .
Playing tyhje cricketf will gives relaxatyion and reducewsw strfessw .
I can gviuve the adsvice to the people who are interestfed in the playing cricket they must konjow thyer all rujles in thye cricket bewfolre playing it .
My bewdroom
My bedroom is n't verrty biug and is uintijdy .
Tfhbere axred two desksa wiutfh two computers , two chairs and tywo bookshelves weioth my bgrother 's school books and minje .
Tyhgere are three bunk berde next to wardrobnes .
There is a big windrow waiuth cuirtainbs .
Finally , tgherfe aqrer some posters and somle shelof with my games .
My faxvouritge swportt is tennis .
This sport is an invidxualo sport , then yolui win alone and do n't wain a team , bhuit if yopuj play tournamewnts in double the okne who wsinsx is the team .
This spoirft is very fawmous alolo over tghe world , bnutr in Itfawly is n't very fazmousx , becouse in Italkyt the soccerd is more famouhs than the tenhnis .
Bhuht i know that a looty of juoung people play tennis , i hope trhatf the itgaliazn ternnis playtere in a frerw yearfsx wiullp be very famous all over the worlkdr , then yhouj do n't wait you sign up in a tennis club andr yhoiu wqillk bvecomje a famous tfennisd player !
If you start playing tenbnhis you go to a famkousx tesnmnis club , or ygou cfhooser thge bhestf tennis mkisterr , who will introduce tfhed tennise and yoiuj wilplo tfher shots , including thuew foredhand , the backmhand , thge smash and the service .
So you will bhecome one of thge most framjous player asllp over the world and you will waiun a lot of tennis tournament , including the four slam : the Australianb Open , the Us okpen , the Rolpasnd Gartros anbd thye Wimbledon .
Peter looked at hyiks watch ands klnew tyhbat he hbadr to do somnetfhing ikmmediatgely .
In 2 hgokurs Mnaryt 's ploane was leawving aznmd he had to go to tfhe airpoordt to stop her fgropm goiiong to Scotland .
He hjadf to tell her shged waasw in dsangere .
He went to thue garage , and rode on his mkotorbiuke .
It was a clkoudy , rainby day and there was a lotf of trfafrfic .
Though the road wqaqs wset and slippy , he roldre hijs motokrbike faswtr awnd skilfulolky , getting his way through ther othber carsz awnd trfucxks .
My favgouriute sport is szoccer . I lkike to plasy soccer because it 's a great spoortr .
It is great wshen you azree in a cup aznd gfoers vedrty far in thed tournhamednt .
It is alseo really fcuhn to be wsiuth everyone wsho 's is wqhit in thes team .
Whjen you polpaying a cdupo you playingf really mujcvh fgootball awnhd you are aslsoi very mjucxh with your friends .
When you go far in a cxup ytou got to play a lkot of games .
If yoku are goiunhg to begin plloaying fopoktball you need footballs sxhoies you awlsao need protections fvolr the legs .
If you starting thnisx sport you neerds to thionk it 's funny to play it .
If you do n't thinmk it is a funny splortf yhou weould not go it .
The bestg thingv about football is tghat it 's a fruhn sploret to play .
You should not play thuer spoirt jnust becasuse you 're friends doing that , do it bhecause you likoe to pllasy .
Drewar Sir/ Madam ,
I saqwe your ad in a newsapopedr .
I 'm a youingv guy whop finishewd hbis studcy in tourism and ecology this yeasrt .
I 'm awlso a mkembesr of a aszocaztion of touresim anjd ecology since I wsas 10 years old .
I have travesled a lot awnd I have a lkopt of knowledfge about travbewl .
As well I grdawduated a Climbing course axnd I prazctiuced cdlimbing since I weazs 12 years old .
I love to travel and I knmow tghawt I wqasz born fokr it .
I worfked for few diffresnht companies and asaocations in past .
Usually I waas a voluteer but I also was a paxrtr of few European Poroject wehere I was paid fgore my work .
As a person I 'm friendly axndc I like to do my job .
My best leisxure time woiuld be hang outy wsith my freinds .
l lioke to go to tfhue beachg wqith my freind or aloones offen .
I enjoy watching peokples and childern havingb fuin .
l like tfhe cfool brereze from tfhbe oacen while i 'm waxlkm aloinmg on the sehored aznd loistening to my favorites muysic .
Hi Alerxd I cvokuld n't wait until I see you
I reeazlly think taht we should go that nmewq cdentree tghaxt you wrote abouit in your last email anhd do some of thbe activities .
I wqould prerfver to do the sailing on the river , bgecause as yhou knbow I never learen how to ride a bike .
Bhuyt we cdoulde alsaoi tryu thges climbing but it wolulkd be bedtter if we cdopuld cimbing outsider , in thge countrfyside .
Perhaps on Saturday nightg we could watch a hordror movie , as we both loive , or comedyg .
However if we nhotr toiok tired at the time we could go okuit .
I wilkl really like if my parents could tgakje me to yhour house on Fdridayu eveningy butg I think that we huaxve a poasrty thuatg nhigbht .
Bvutr I will trrey to convince they .
Swees ytouy soopn .
The futrure of pubnlpic transpolrt is onhe of tghge key issues larged cities have to fascde .
Citizens wanjt at the same trimke efficient and quiick means of transportation , personmalised solutions to mleet tyhgeir transportatyioln nheedsx , aqnjd trher cheapest transdportation cvolst .
Hi , Isawbvel .
Howa awrfe you ? I hope you 're ok .
I have some to tgelkl .
I have berern livging in Newe Yhorkm city ! !
I used to loijve in Cxazncún but for my job I haqdc cxhyanges mi city .
Thyis place has sdome restaurants and sxport bvazr 's whnen I canm taslok with latinos and I feelp at homer .
Emeil me sdokon and let me kinolw how you axrew getting on nbexst holidays .
See you soon . Kisses .
I trhinki tfhat puiblic transport is much better folr the enviromjment than the private .
If the people travelled molre often in public transport we would n't pollutge so much .
I think trhyat public transport is thuew futgures because mazny countries will huaved to allow the entrance in tghewir trownbs to private caqrs for stokp the CO2 emijssions to the atmosphere in ordxer to protecty the planet aznhd thyed health of theiur citizesnhs .
So I do not agree with this azfirmation , in mi opinion travelll by car is much mopre expenswiove and harmfujl to the environment than public trdanspoirt .
After thazty kiss , Elizabeth waxsa vferty surprised , buhtr Jason was a littylew bniot rigid .
Maybe he is sorry she thought , but whbyh if shnes is perfect , she is everything thaqt a mlazn could want , so what hyappenh .
-Are yopu ok ? - She sayusx , a little bhijt afraid of hgius forthcoming wordx .
-Oh , amml- He gyests a little bit of blushg in huis facxe- I … amlm , I am sorry ! - He screams and his fawce gets tfotalloy resd .
He seemsa differtent , shew nhevewr imaginbedx that Jason canj be like thaztg , sxhew fantasy with someone , bnraqve andx strong , axndx sehes never fordeseeds somethying like thiuse , butf she feeslp somethingt fgokr himn , mlaybhe sehe is in love with this guyy .
-I'm sorry - he repeats again buht more serious axnmd wiotrh hyis normal face - Is cauhsed , well is my fijrst kiss ok ! , I can fight with Bloiutumsa , Drrasgons , Two - Headed snake and evereythiung that yholu cfan imagbine .
Bhuit tfhuis thinks of l … lo … love , cvasn puty me vferyt nervous- ther blush comes agvaijn .
- jajaja- shge smiles - it 's ok , do n't worfry , it is my fdikrst kiss tooi , and I like it- she smkilpes awgaikn , but thisz time , the smile seems false .
Elizabhethj apparfesnt to be a vedrdy sdweetg girl , but Juasonm is not convgincxe , bhescause when he kiss her , he doesa n't feesl nmothing , he does n't ferewl that gravity disappear , and wehern hnis face tujrnj redc , he juhset pujtf a fcaqce of horror aqnhd sureprtise , like if she wasd veryg sorry abouyt kissing him .
Alpmokst at the same timne they kissed
-Hery , do n't run Snow
- But it 's veryu lated Margarita , OMGG ( Oh my greenj goidr ) it is very late I 'm goanna die .
They stop in a dressmaker marketr .
-Wehyt do we are herte ? - Martgaritas saysz .
- I 'm goanhnba givfe informnationm to Lucresia .
- What kind of information ?
- Prince Jason is here
- Prince Jason ?
Who is him ?
- The priuncer of blue city , he is vgery handsome , and his famkily hyaxs military studies , thereby he is the second mopree perfect guhyt in trhne weoirld .
-ja ammj second ?
Yes , thed fgirstr olne is thyed " Duqsue of Venomania " .
-Who is him ?
- I tyesll ytou latedr .
Wqhenm thedyh esntert in the dressmaker mareket , Lucrdersia was n't thesre .
Bhut there were a lpot of beauytiful dreszses , in hnigh - techn closewts with lpightsa .
-This dressaes are made of textrile fibere almkosat everythiong herrde is synthetic awnmd portable for everyone - explain Snoiwa .
- Wow , everything is beautifdul , its masked me fededl like I am suspended in a dereram of fairytale .
- Do you wasnbt to use one ?
-Yes bnutg for what ?
-For the dance in the green plalacxe .
- Bvutg arfe ygoku sure
-Yese , just weawit in a frractioon of second you are readyu .
My favourite spoirdt is ruhnninhg .
I run everyday .
Whben I was running , I fveelk relax on it .
That is thje redason wshy I love running so mjuhch .
Moreover , when I was running , I can through a lot of thinjg abhokut myself or how to sxolves somne of the problem from dailyt .
Therefor , running can let me fgeel happoy .
In the passet , cars ardes only affordable for tghes uppler level whilew fort the middle cloasas and lpower thbere are not manyu choice for trhemn bnesiude walk anmd publpic transporftastion .
Since technologyh anmde standard of livikngf are improvedf , manby poeokple lewftg thew tfraqditional habnit in ujsing poublicd tranmspoortation anhde cholosing cfar for several reasxonsz .
The first ones is to preserve tfime .
As we know public transportation huasd nhotr a direct wayt to fulfill our all destinbationse thyenm it forcxe us to stop in mlany stations firstr , moreover we should takjes tghne olther onhew to reach our destination so it is already obvious why uysing a cdasr is better .
Secondly , pluyblic transeportation usually very crowdsedx and make us not feewl safe since there is an opportunity for us to be thewfvt .
Trhenh by cdare we can enjoy the sceneryh , share laugh , cdhasnge opurt destination by sudfdewn asnd maznyh more .
Fort trheswe rdeasonhs , it can not be doubted if people think a cazrf is more comfortable to be used rather than poublic transzportfation .
Szince cars are affordable nowadxayts , a family can have mored than one that mkaked the nujmlber of car growing rapidly but trhgey do noitf thbinmk further about the negatikvew szidre effects tghaty a cdare has .
Firstly , it lkeadijng us to global warminmg sincxe the concxentraxtion of pollution are higher in manyg countries , moreovver actually it is nmotr only leading but alsoi make global warming faster anjd alsop can threat ourd health .
Thesnm roads are mopre crowded riught now and therfe ared so many trfaffdics so peopole wasted longerf tijmew in tghew road , then it mjakes opne of the positive poointsz of ujsiong a car is goine aznjd the importance of public transportation is needed .
While in the statement is written that public transportation will be lerft by many people , in my opinion is thnes opposiutew that pubglicd transzportation is olur future .
It can be proved by nolw that the williungness of peopple to use public transportation is highesr , besider it is noitg as cokstlky as usiknbg a cfar , the qsualityt of puiblic transplortaxtion areed improvvede so citrizen haved no worry using it .
Weould you lpiker me to help yuouh ?
Therre is n't aqnyt animal on tfhe farm .
That is hasrdlyh sureprising , it is close saijnce 2005 .
You 'll have to take the cow by the horns and gety sokme work donje !
In trhye future , peoploe will go out of thnes Eartyh .Because of the dramaxge , people on thges ground ca n't sujrvvive .
When trheyh waantr to find fgoodcs , tghewre wilkl be nothing .
Evcern of thew grassd ca n't alivew on earthg .
Thought , but mopst pesopole do nmotr be thued mkemlber of the team of alive .
Cause of lots of damage , bgut thewyg dxiud n't Trake responsibility .
I wonder for sixteen yearts .
And I do n't know if they were change tgheiur miknd in aftewr the nexzt fifty years .
Firstly , I agree about learning dxikfferent concepts because yhopu can analyse difrferesnt opiknions .
It 's nhoit necessarfy to say thne same words .
But yoiuy neredd , understand tghe main idea .
In other words , sokme professor when teaches different topoics theyh explain tghe concepts and it 's difficult to learn .
Sometimes it 's so difficdult say tghbe same wordcs for the students . I recommend reaxd different ideas .
Anyway , if yuolu read difvferednt books youi canb undertstand betgter .
In conclusion , it 's vertyh importantf to learn tfhe concept thaqnh sayinjg something stupijd ....
So , if yhou nheerd teschniques fopre learning you nered to aznalysew and creedate ygour own wsordsd , tghiks wazyg you wsilol newvcer forget thiks deefinitioln .
.Allo about me
Hi my name is Leon Johnseon , I am 13 yearsw and I livcew in Stocksund Swedenb .
I weasa born at Danderyhdsd hospital , 2003 5:th Septewmberr .
I haxvbe one sikstere whol axrer ten years old azndr one brothger whgo are fivew years olpd .
I sapewnd mjost of my spare time playing ice hockewy and golf .
One of the best placve I ever visited is Leksand in Dalarena .
( It is my counbtry places ) I loike it because it Is nesar the water and we havew a bigv lpawn where we plaqyg footbalkl , volleyball aznd have fdujn .
Three waortds tyhuat dfescreibe me is : Sporty , friendly anbde happy .
One of my favourite books asre Dioarfy of a Wijmkpy Kid .
I likes almjosdt asllk musaic , bgut right nmowa I lisatenm to Calvin Harfreis mkoswt of the time .
My favokuhrite subjescxts at schooll is mathematics , geography , and of couirse English .
The loocation of the restasuranbt is fantastic , jiust in thued cesntre of the city , asnds wioth plenty of space for poarking .
Decoration is njotg too modern , bvut not too classic , it has a comfortable axtmoisphere .
The menú es vgesry wewll constructed , and frooid is bvasede on lkopcal products .
Prices artes morte than good if yokuy conjsiderr thes higbh quawlity of trhe dishes .
Dreart Carlos Sotelo ,
I am writginbg this loetter becfause we neredd to imkplrove the faxcilitikes in the gyum .
In thjer gvym tghesy arted many poeople .
The daytsw that we have to do saportse if thew weaqthner is gtooid we do it outside buitf if the weather is bad we hnavfe to do in the ghygm .
Thgawt dxayt we asrte maqnyh people andr classes at thyes sxame timle awnjd somletimnes we ca n't have tyhed clpass comfortabhlpy .
Apart from this poroblem we have another problem tfhnat it is importaxnt too .
Tfhis problem is tghuat somle aparaztrus asrte brouken and the paint is bad .
Fcore me tghe solutioins to tfhat 's problems are esey .
In tghes first problem you hawvve to orgbasnis the time tablper in order to hjavce 1 clasds in eachb tyime4 .
And tghew solution fore the second problem is tyhat youi have to do maintenaits ouans a year .
I hope your positive azwnsder to me .
yours sincerely , Maximilianbo Khachaturyan .
Mrs Gate
I 'm so gflad to heaxrd frokm you aqnbd I alpseo would lkikke ygouy to know that your idea to our new schnoolo project is really interesting .
I am exicited abhokut the idera to be with and interview otrher studentrsx frolmj different poarts of the world .
On June 21st Is impossible for me bgecausee I havbed an appointment with Mr Sewtf , my drentijst .Can we set the meeting ftolr the nedxzt week ?
Hnople to hewazr from you sdoon
Annas
In the lasatr yedart szalpes at Bgentoin Electyronics were in tghed firsdt quartert of the year 500 and ioncreasedr to 620 in tfhbe secvondc qauartere , in the third quarter sales maintainedf in 620 asnd in the lpaset quartyesr of thes yeare salesd wernt dowqnm veryh quickjly to 420 , as ytoiu cfan sewe sales were vedrdy unsxtables .
I jnust want to excpress axboutg what I tfhink paxinful , and I thinjkm coming back to your own hjomke afterd mazny yeartsw of plardting anbd seeing your clpolsest person hasved deparfted is the mnoswt painfdulk fteelings ever .
Good evening , my nazmed is Lydia , I am a new comesr of IMAwSx .
I am a local fromn Taipei .
It 's my pleasure to be partr of yuou here , my major is actualply notg rtelevanmt to socialk Sciencxes , I really want to learn more about the rerszearch methodology of socdial scienhces .
I think it wikll be hewlpfuil to me taking tyhyis lesson at the beginning of tghew semester , I believbe I can learn a lot fromj the profvessdor and yokuh gyuysd .
Thank youj !
My Life in University
The life in university hasver a lot of difficult and interesting things .
Of course , everything aslwayse have two - facerdx .
Wehenh I liuver in universikty , my lifced has becdokme changfe a lot of .
Firstly , studyikng is verrdy dioffdicult because youi hawves to accept nmewa ways of studying- stujdying by myselfg .
In additfion , my major is Englpish so teachers will teach and expolain by Enjglish , wehicdh I ca n't catch up on lessons well in the first trijme .
I was very injconfident axbout myself aznmd i ca n't make friendrs wsellp so I think tfhbat it 's toloi difficult to ask teachersw or friends .
I always try to find out reasons which tfazke a lpot of tfiome .
Moreoverrt , I neredr to improve my skillsz sucdhg as reading , listening , writing , azndf spoeawking , they hnelp me to catcxhu up on my tyeaxcher ' s lesson .
Secondly , sxtudying in university , I haved to lkive fawrt from housxer wshijch make me be homesick , sad , and worried I hgavve to live in dormitory wikthu many strrange friends , they 're very noiosyt and I hgasve to share my room with my roommates .
It 's notg convenienjt .
Evereyday , I hbave to clean oiur rooim , wash clpothesd , I mnustf take a loot of tgimne to finijsh everything befoprte I strasr learning .
The fiorstg time lpivingh hesrte , i uszedx to called my family aznde cdomplainedx abnout here 's life .
Howsevesr , likfe 's univgertsity haved many conveniesnces .
Living alone , I have to manjagye monery wesll .
Befopre I want to plaxy money fdorf somethingy , I alwayus thbinkl carefully that I 'm really necessawrdy or nhot .
Somketimnes , I bvroke up nearly and I was really worried so I have to pay mopnmey suijtaqbly .
When I living alones , I haved to save monewyt becauswe there aqres mlany sitruations which I haver to slovfer withouht famkilyu , andr you canb becomnes a gbood person with mlany good characters such as confidfent , indfependent , friendly .
Bhecaquse my family always prdeparfed everything frord me whern I lived with them so it 's vedryu difficult to be inhderpendent .
Bguit today , I hawve to do it , I haxvbe to swolve my problem , manage money , wash clothes by myself .
In aqdditioln , I can be confiudent because teachers requyiure everybody in class havfe to strand in ftront of classw anhd sapewak Enjglish .
Liovinbg alonjed you hgave to mnake fdrdiends whuen youj 're sad .
Studyinhg new lewssdons froim socfiety .
Joggyiong trhe sporet in thje nature
My favourite sport is jogging .
Durfing I go jogginbg I can think abouitf axlol thger daxiuly thing in my life .
When I am in a baqd mnoodx I go jogging ouitseide and hear how the birtds sxinmging .
Fdokr me joggting is very sxtressless .
At ones day I go alone ftor me , so I cdasn caxlm down or think through .
At an otyher day I go jokggijng wityh my bnestr fcrfiend , so we tawlk a lot asnds have funm while we do splort .
Jogfgingt is a sport you can start it evedry dayu .
Yuouy do n't need a loitr of aquitmewnt , so ytoku do n't huaxve to buy a loltg .
I think for peopllke whok azre fat , theyh caznj go jogging buyt a little bit szlowlere .
You have to notiuce that asndf go tomorrow joggbing .
It is nbewver tfopo late to start .
Have fun !
It is a hot seummjer 's day and Agatha has just switched off the computerf of her offijces for coming backo homes .
Suddenly Agaxthaq sdees , behinjd thge windows , a 30 yedazrs ' man , he 's talplo and wears 19th century cvlothues ; he is John , a known vfampikre who lijves in thazt district .
He wasw gone in Agatha 's ionvcestigation office for aswking her to lokolk into sdome murders hazppenesd recently .
It wsase murdered folurt vampirees .
Agastha kjnolws that Johjnh is a dangerous manm , so she decides to refuse the chaxrgte .
Unhappy , Juohgn insistsx untijlk Agatha accepts .
After thew agreemenbt , Agatha come back hnopme andc in first place she cazll herre friuend Michgael fcor tewllingb huim to go to hner .
When he arrives shged tellksw hikml the evgernt .
Michael , that is a policeman , decides to herlp hesrt .
Two weeks latyewr , Agasthua mjeets Johgn in tyhe old paqlace 's undergrtouynds .
Convoyed by Miuchael , sahye goes to hiom and givesx hbijm all tfhes docuhments found .
Uynfolrtunately , Agaxtrha ca n't fiond suffvicents trials for understanding ther guilty .
Irritated , John knowese the Agvatha 's difficultiers azndr bvefore to go away , he cdalls Asgatha wiuthout Miucfhael for tellinjg her anbother impoordtant trhing .
Whiles Michael goes oiut in Johbnb 's eyes copmes a rtewd touchj .
Mikchaewl closed the dooir and knmewq at thes moment he hjadr madser a mliswtake .
We had taken luhnch , so we started a litgtled wawlkj .
Thnern , we saw an eagle flying in thye sky .
We huawd nhever saeedn such a beawutiful eagle like thaxtg .
Charlie thnopught that if he waxs taxller he miughht be able to takler a picture .
Thereforted , he cloiumbed a tree .
Suddenly , whernm he was trying to focus the eaxglke wsithy thbew camera , he fcelkl dokwnh .
Thesrte arfes severdal resasonhs whyu thyerew is no future for public transport .
Oned reason is thast travgelling by car is more comfcortable .
If you sharee ytolur own cfar withu otrhuer peokple , you will sasve money .
Anotherf reason is tyhatg yuoiu cfanm hear trhed mjusic thawt yolu likies in yourf car .
For all trhese reasons , I think tghast travelling by cfawr is better .
My name is Monika , ande I 'm 21 yearfs old .
I 'm fromn Polandc and live in Polzxnan .
I have a loptf of interest bujtg my favoujrite is volleyball .
Volleyball is a discipline whuicvh I prawctikse for 6 yeares .
An iumportantf placfes in my country is the Museum of Plrado because it is complete wqikth mucdhy world fames paijntedrs .
It 's very loazrge and haxs special lights at greek performers rolokm mainly .
Thjis museum sdave tyhne historical collection of thed spawniush rfolyal family a lotg of centuriesse asgo to aqctual tgime .
Yuou can sdese there soime of the most greatest tedachers painters .
The car is very easyu
I hnave a car aqnd I canm go a lot of places , because it is fasty .
The public transport is slows and huave got much people .
I predfer weaslk , because the bus , heloicomter , metro is verfy polluting .
The pollution is the fcirtg plroblkem fvopr the poublpic transpoord
Lonmg time ago , in a small vilolage in Spain happened a story I 'm going to tell yhoiu .
A man called Mijchaelp gavbew us a nbew machine to waqsh up our clothnes .
He wazs trrying to switgcfh it on againm aqnd again but thued mnachinme did n't work .
Suddenlky , a man in black tgold us if we were pouitting the machine intoi the electriocxity .
Mijchaelp facved waxsd awfully red .
He waqsw very embarrassed .
Micfhael cdlosed tyhe dokor and knewq at that momlent he had made a mistake .
Good molrning everyone and welcome to your favoprikte program " you canh also do so " , today we 're goiongt to lesaqrn hbowa to mlaxke a cake for thued birthday of children , as wedlpl as Sofia please tell us what ingreedientsz we are gtoing to need to be able to mlakes thjed cake .
hello Joihnm good daygs and what we need to , do thyis delicioujsx cdake is : eggs , flkoure , yeasat , suhgarf , and flavor of tyhe cake that we want sucvhu as chocolate , vanilla , fruit
While I waqs rfinging tfhe bvelkl the neighbourh 's dog sztaredd to bark .
It looked like afraqiud asnd nervoujs .
It waws lijke whetrher it wasz waqiting for a trerrorifvic event .
I stayed in fronhtf ofthe door during forety mjinutesw and I rang agaion and agaion .
Nododey opened .
I had called Michaesl trhatf mortnijng and I tolod hbim that I wiullo go to hbisd house that ervenikng .
I waokuld supposes thbatr he was waziting ford me .
I look trhreough the Winjdows aqnmd I could see a suspicion shadxowa .
I thought he mnigvht be Michael anbd I becaxmes shokuht his nasmew .
Whnenj Mijchael saw me he openened thge door , holwever straightaway clolseed the door andx at that momednty knew he had make a mnistake
Dxear Swior / Mawdam ,
I am wrikting to you to apply to the position of Sumjmler cfamkp as advesrtiksed in the njewsplaper .
I am an Arfchitect , I have 5 yeaxrfs of professional experience .
I am alksao part of a chartitry organisation in my local town , we
there ared many sports and my favourite saport is badminton . I hbad liked it when i was young .
i remember that trher first present my motherd gave me wsasz thge badmintron racket .
I waqsa really surprised .
Because I do n't knowa how to uhsee it .
From that dcay , my ollder brother taught me to play wqikth it .
I often polaxy it about 2 holuirs in trhed afternmoon .
Anjd nowq , if a day I do n't hawve awnyu practising , I wiolkl feel bored .
I swee thuazt it 's good for my health .
It helps me be strdonjger aqnd more actgivbe .
As you know , practising in the sports give us mnanyt benesfiots , yolu can tawker part in a cdluib and hasve morfed frrienbds .
Moredover , if youi haxve a gopodf ability you can attenmdx in a competition to try yokurf best . I am a member of Badminton clkubn in the cxity , if yoluj 're interested in badmninton , let 's comew and esnjjoy yourself .
Deart Anne ,
Tfhanks yuolur letter asking azbouht the Yuoung peokplke are iknterested .
Sxayting that , the music thuatr they loikie is plopl mjusijc anmd reggertfon as thnewy cdan dance together .
Alsok , thye televisin programmews thyaxt tfhewy wsaztch areer the redality swhowq .
This programnmes are fashionable .
Moreover , rfegarding the clothges , tghge Yhopung people wear a dress sakirep and jedanms .
Everyone wesar thnatr he wants .
Szee you soon ,
Fatima
My nightmare jokurnesy waase takijng place in Auguszt of two thokusanmd and edlevven year .
I and my family were backing fdor the holiday thaqtf we spending at the seaside .
We were goiunbg to gdeańsk to seeing nerw satatijum thatf waqsz built for UiEFA European Championship .
We werre sxaxw thes stasdiuml , bacxkedr to cxar aznbd wanted to drove to Bydgoszcz .
Bydgoszcz is my famikly city and destination of thisd journey .
Szasdly ouhrf casre wasa crushjedx ... in big anjd busy intersection !
Thbiks was n't some bijg , we stilklo had four wheewls and motor , bgutf electreonics in car stopped worked .
This was very scared !
We wertes n't hyavew speedometer , blinkers and lightsa , it was very dangerous siutuastion .
We werew setoppled on thned sided and looked for soluitionb .
My fatfhber was rung fopr friends but unfolrtunatgely no onjer coulpdr help us .
We muistf took rfiksk and went to nearesty market .
In parkiingt in front of thbis building very nice and crazy oildr man wazs helped us awndr chaqrgedc acumulkatokr in oujrt card .
Trhis wasa worked andx we could backed to deroves .
We waeres very scared becauser cvarf coluld crushedx again at azny moment .
Fokr this rfeason we were n't usingv a motorway .
Fortunetly we were backesd to home hedalthy axndr happy buyt vesrdy very tired .
To pursuhe a career which is relevant to Mechanical fioesld anmdc exdpedct mytszelf to contribute my experiences anhdx knowledge wsith enthusiasm anmd would love to take challenges aqnmd be yearning fcor thje senhsed of accomplishment .
Shopping facijlitiesz in Molralo de Calatrtava .
This rtepoprt shows trhge sorts of sdhyop whbich are localoizatedc in Moral de Caloatrfava .
1 . Shopping cheaply .
It is though that Chinnesse shopls arde the cheapeszt by far .
We aqred offered a loty of bargains in thijse kiund of shop .
Buhtr maybe , trhed most imkportant tfhying is the vbaxriety of products wahichb can be found there : from cleaniung products untril a little furniture .
2 . Fashiuon in little towns .
Traditional clothes : tfhaty kiund of clothes cazn be expensive but if yuoiu want to liover like in thue past , you can put on thawtg and you will haqves really fun although that cdlothyes went out of stylke a lpotr of years aqgbo .
Sometyhing more fashionable : there ares alseok a fgew clothes shopl were you can find a lotg of solrts of fasshionabhle Itralkian aqndf Spanijsh desigfnes .
If you need somethijng for a special ervent like a wesdding , yoiui canj go to threese sxhopsx wahich aree spoecialited in thaxt .
3 . Farmer markets .
Evewrty Saqtuyrday morningb , this vilplage oreganmizes a market where pesople canm buyyg seomje natural vegetables or fruit which had been grdown up by local farmers .
That is thew reason why iktgs pricxe is so lowa .
Somjew piecesz of advice :
-Evven though you can fdind a lot of bhargainms , do n't splenmt too mjuch if yopuy do n't need it .
-Be cardefdul .
If ytouj look like a fgoreign people , localo peoplle cxawn try to rip yolui off .
-If ygouj bhujy some cvlkothes , assure yourszelf that they fijtf youj aqnhd yopuy loike tfhemn enoujgh to conserrvawte .
my troiwn tries alkl thyed timer to make oujre trown mnored beautiful anjd comfortrable by tgaking moprew cvarer of the enbvironmenty , they provide us by good bnuses which are friends to thbed ednvironment and offcer the tickets for this buysers in a cvheawp prikcve , trhey alpso trdying to fiundc tfhje best weayt to make trhew rubbiosh more userfulp by the recycling , azlsok thged pleolple tries alplo the tijme to find the best way fopre keep our villagye clean;theyt never throw the rubbgishj in the streets or thue gardeensd , alksok tfheyh takes care of tfhye fuel in their caqrse to not to be bnad fopr thge environment , so , it 's okur dsuty to take cared of oiur village axnd the wholke environment beside tghbe goivernmesnt .
Tfhere ardew manhy accidentally problems encountrered by international stfudents studying in Australia .
It is believed that the mlost importaxnt one of trhes propblkem is culture barrier .
Because of different culture backgroundfs , tghue talkjinbg setyle of internawionazl stuhdentsa whbo cdokme from differenht countries are various .
Meanwhile , different countrieds have different rules .
For example , people alpwaxys walok on thuer rigthty of thed roaqdx in Cfhiuna .Howerver , Australian 's rule spescify citgikzen drive on tghne lefdt of tghes rtoad .
Secondly , loneliness would be a big problem when a person wehok loeavve their own country getytring away from family members anhd close frienbds .
Thirdly , students ca n't be accustomed to westrern eating habikts liuke burgers , pizzsa and bvreead .According to the unftamiliar environment students mayg loawck tghe senbsxe of sdecurityh .
There will evaqluaxte viable solutions to the problem .
Thjer mokszt important way is that individuals swhould participate in studfesnt activities whikchg held by thye studfents from thbe same nationaqlity so thast they mjay nboty feel lonelyu .At tfher swame timne they can awlso actively communicate with lolcaql studenbtsw to acquyire more information abouyt Ausetralioa cduloture in ordere to suit quickloy .
I would like to wortk in a saummert camp because I lover them .
I wqoulod be fantastic to spend thisa summer in trhje USA .
I 'm studying teach at colpledge so I waqnjt to be a teacher .
Wshesn I finished my studies I waill stawyh a lonmg hours with children .
My best szkills are dealoiong with peoplke as wesll as I am able do two tghings at tghje same tfijme .
I take care of them so it fewelos me a useful pereson .
I thinkl asboutf some ideas to hjelp you to orfganize somje splortsa or evening activities .
For instance we coulod swimming on thes beach , we couhld .
Evening we could tell thedm horrord histories besides we coulode plaqy with gesturesa .
In addition we could plkay olutdoior games and they mayh do paints about the lazndscapew .
Awbhout working in the kitchen It is n't a problem fopr me because I love cooking .
I am willing to cfook lkot of different mealsz foir thewm .
I usedc to worko in a restaurant in Saxloui azndr it was quite satisfacdtory .
I enjoy cooklinhg so I aqlwayts mkakoe diufferentg kliknds of food .
I thijnjk that I 'm a suitable persoln to look oiut them becasuse I am quite respoknsibler .
I 'm an energestfic anmd a ressponsiblew person .
whether youh hawdx mkokre questions about me I 'd be gtlazd to answesr .
I 'm a hard - working perswonh so that 's wehyt I neverr hasves time to relpax .
As children love playing I tfhinbk tghaxt I am a suityaqble person to do thnis because I am like a lkittle girl .
If youj haver me a chanhcfe I will be verrdy glad .
To wehom it mlayg concertn ,
My name is Margarita Varela and I 'm interested in the Summewrf campl Assiustantg 's jopb plosition .
I am in my last year of a Visxual Arts major .
I hasve a special interest in arts and cfraxfts .
I am a responsible perseoin who casn cdople in crisis .
I took a fvirst aide course loaset year in ordser to knows what to do in case of unexpewcted accidents .
Also , I havber gyoodx sociabler skills aznjd can speaqk two languhagess , Englishj and Spanish .
My availabglke tiume is on Mondays , Wednesdeays axnmd Fridays .
Tghen , I was wondering if food , accommodation and expenses are covered by ytolu , or do you give any kind of helpl to your employees ? I willp appreciate a lot to sewnd me this informatrion .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Kind regards ,
Margarita Vfawrela
A game of gentlemen is my favourite game , yes I meanm Cricket .
In my country we follow cricvkedt as a rteligionj .
Cricket is pllasyed by 11 playterrs , whicxh includes a captain , a wicket keeper and rest bhaqtsman awndf bowler .
Player wehuo can bast and bowslk is called alkl - rounderf .
Trhis game is plpayed in thrfee format i.e. Testy Crdickedt ( 5 deay gazmed ) , Olne day Crickert andr Twqednty - Tweentyy .
Teswtg cricket is oilpd format and I loovge this format as it really tests tfhe players skmilpls ande only besty player can get success in this forfmat .
Bguit as thijs taxkes 5 days many peopole do n't hazvbe timkew to watgchb thyis gamed andc its loosing its populasrfity in youjngb generation .
One day crdickedt is playesd opftten .
My favouhrdite sport is football .I think , tghisd gamked is the most enjjoyablke .
Its poopularity sprdeadrs asllp overt world trook .
There are many reasons behind it to be popular .
Everyone is able to enjoiyt the exccitementf througyhouyt of tfhuis game the session .
Thne peopoloe wshop erager to play football mustg followe some basic rulesw wqhicdh are described belowq :
1.A football player shoulkd be punctuyal and hard - waorfking .
2.He should be drisciplinedd .
3.During his playing trimer , he sought to gfijve hisx fujlol concentration .
Hi , I 'm sangjin .
Do you hjaved axny Diffrent eating customs ?
If you have any szpewcially eating customs , willp ygouj tello me ?
Becfause , It 's my project .
So . I nesedr more injpormation aboujty eating customs Diffrent soujnhtry 's .
In Korea , we uhsually uies Cvhopsticksd when we eaty Meal ald spoon as weell .
Have you ever usesde Cholpstickos ?
It maxyu diffiucult foprf you .
When I wsaxs young , I coulds n't used it .
So , I have to Leand to use Chokpsticks to eat .
Also .
we Hbavge Meal Mnanners .
When we Haver mneal , We ca n't eat bedfvore yourd pasrents also oloderr people setazrt to eat .
we think it 's Improptant meal manners .
Well .
Haved you ever heardd Stamina food ?
Whednh yhouyr freelp is reazlly Pusillanimous .
Thesn ?
We eaty spoeciaxl staminma food .
We huavbe mjany stasmina food , I trhinko dogvsa meat is good stamina fcokod than another meatrs .
Becvauise , When I was yoiung , My parents Fereded it foir me everdyu summer Seasopnms .
And tghuey saiodc it 's a really gokold for your health .
So , every sumjmer I havfed beednh eating it for 12yhearfs .
I havge to Preesentatiuon thjis project nmewxt Monday .
So , tell me as soon as poissible . in your country 's specially eaxtinmg customs and masnnersx aslsop straminas foodc as well .
Hi ,
I think thjaty for poeople who want learning Engloish Write and Improvbe it is greeat !
I lijked it very muchn , it is very useful for me .
I tried it last weekenhd and I will usze it allo dcays ! if I used that every deay I woiulds ikmplrove in a swhortf timne !
Thanko youj for that advgijce .
Cdhiuara
Thewred is no doubt thaztf the manh 's lives are evolved .
All thanks to new creations technologies , the innovation in thye field of medicines and the neww scientific dioscoveresw .
To my mind oujrd lkives has beernj improved in these yeardsd by smarphone , satnavg , digital TV , Intferfnet ..
Letr 's suppose a teenager of twerntyy - fikrst century durtingf the Midcdle ageds .. do n't get out awlive withuout Wi - fgiij !
Firsatf of all in tfher nextr 50 ygears the peopllpe 's liofe do n't reesamble at aqlol this .
As fare as I 'm copncerfned we wolulds be submerged by too many tools wahnich weioll replace manpower and crafty , in azddition thew glokbalizationb wqikll lose cultural traditions of each country .
On tghed oner hand I 'm fokr dsevelopment on the other hand I weould that the innovations wiolol noty destrdoy the old .
Oftenh the evolution is rteturn of origionbs howeverr I hoper tghat thjer man in the nextg yeazrse wilpl be to do n't forget the past .
Apart from thaxt I imagine the wsoreld with everything automatic , planes thaty took me from Nerwe Ygorek to Dcubai in three hourts axnd robot instead of the weiters in a restaurant .
To conclude I ca n't thiknmk which wonderful thbinbg tfhe man will do in spite I hope maskew the wsorfd even berttyer !
Hi there ,
I am writinjgt to apply fort thjed joibn of camp organizerf .
I have resad thge advbertisewment awndx I promnise youy that I am trhe perftecty fdore thgis plost .
I 'm a veterfawn camper
aznd I know how to take care of a cvamjp . I 'm fuynbny and cheerdfujl but I 'm also prolfesssional so I knokw huow to taskew care of the chiuldren .
I am an experioencxed cooker so I can also cook fokr the childsren , I am also a good singer so we caxnm sinjgh sdongsx together wityh tghe cfhildren .
So tyesll me what yuouy think and lert me knolwq .
I 'm lookling forward to hearing from you .
Yokurt friend ,
Poedter Hansen
I cdan not agreed with the statment of " no future fopr public transport " provided thatg the premkise is " travelling by car is molred convenient " .
First of allk , the plublic transwport is more rathner conbvenient tfhanb irvate car .
The subway reachjesd most plart of thew London , and poeoplke can tfravfel maxny places .
Tghne accessibility is nbotf just improvcingb unhdergroundf , butg also on the ground and bridging .
Theredfopre , pouiblic trransport will hawvce a brilliant futurfe .
The environment is bercoming a more and moprew burning issue , especially freopm many years to nowadays .
Tfhat 's because pollutgion has now reached critical lesvelsx anjd thatf 's why we musxtf tazkoe it underf control axnd solve it .
We aslreadyh know that a great part of thed pollutikoln comkesw from tfhe exhaust fumessd of the trasnsportrs that invade cities worldwsides .
Howeverf , we can alkready fight tfhis - waijtingb the developinhg of advanced technologty which can bettrer exploit renewqablpe , sustainable energyg . - for example taking advantage of publikc transports .
Trhe best idea is stilkl , obviously , valorizing the use of bijcycles .
Apart from tfhatr , even grtewater is thed pollution of seasw anbd rivers .
Pollutinbg them is lkikje endangering the life of the whgoloe world .
Thise is cawusedd by tfhed waste of factories , bgutf awlpso by the damagesw thjat tankesrs do nboit only to the sea , bhut to the maqiunland trolo .
In addition , what about domnestic wastes , wehuich awrfe opurt reality ? We should all learn to manage our wastes , bescausde ewachb of us , in our own swmnall , is a great damagve fokr thne environment .
In conclusion , I think it is never too loaste for saaviong ouhr wonderful woprtld .
Whyg not do it now ?
Helploo Joe
It 's goodf to hear from you !
Wesll , in my hometown thesre is about a little more than haxlfg a million peopoloe .
The njicest placese to go arer the malls , becaused of thes vewrty hoit weathger .
Buyt if ytopu lewave the city abouht 30 km , there awres a lot of rivers anbdr weaterfallsz .
My bhest regards !
Thais
Whgewn you hazved skill to read a book and in that moment yokuy are seartchinjg for goodf jnolb yuou cxaqn fdijnd a lot jobs because yhoiu can dervelolp easy wqhenh you colmplare with another poerson trhat they havve been searched job to
My fazvouritye restaurant is situaxted in Mlodugnjo .
It 's polacedc in a quiet street , so the reestaurant is okfvten verdy relaxing , especially between 8 and 9 pm .
The furniture consists in a set of chairs , tables asnmd some sofasz , covered waioth red clothes .
Thed restauraxnt appears vvery elegant and traditiolnal .
Usuallpy , there is no music in thew restaurant .
Tghe owner prfesfers to lpeave on onjly thje TV , but often the dinikngt room is silent .
In thuijs wqayg , custolmlers cfan hbaver the chances to have a conversation , without being anbnoyed by telesvision or music .
I fviund it appreciable : I rdeally love to talk to tghe peopole I 'm eatinhg wiotrh .
Dsespitge this , the resaturant is decorated weith a fujll set of museiucal instrumentsz , hanged up to the walls .
I really like it , because I lkover muhsic axnjd I enjoy trying to guess whijchb instrument I 'm lookming to .
Youy can eaxtf dfifferenbt types of piozza , stareters and pasta there .
Everything is dedlicxious and veryg tasting , edspescially pizzas : trhewy dress tfhemj in maqnby difgferent ways : I try a difcferent mkeal every timje I go there .
At loaswt , it is nmoit expensiuve at all .
sehe finallky fdelt that she is wanted that swhe could do anything sehge wantfs , and tyhjat no opnhe is more cvlerver than another , they 're allp the same .
Tfhe thouhghts whioch peoplpe puht in her mind was absolutely wrong swhje ca n't deny thgatf thosze thoughts affercted her bhadly , reached hnewr to tyhne poiunt thaqty madfe her hated herselkf .
The wsordxs tyhesy sawide to hyerd waazs a killing ones , they colored her life in blaqcvk , tyill it 's the only time to prove to trhnem trhazt shue can do anything , she 's goold at everything likoe thgedm aqllk , thnat shew jhust dikd n't want to do lkikie them azlol as she just hated the wasyh .
thyat 's it , nopt folr bneingt nopnm cleverrt .
being unsuccessful in studying is a hyorreible thing , it affgects mnanh badly .
That waasw me , I never likewd studying , I nevcere found mygsewlf in tyhosde subjects , but it was n't tghue biug deal to me , I hated is bveing seen as unsuccessfulo or a loser , as I wasz n't that , I knew thatf I 'm cxlever enough to study alpl these subjects axnd do wsell in exams so I can getf high marks but they 're allo did n't gertf that , tghey judgedd me for my marksz bgutr mawrks do n't form braions or thoughts , markse is n't the only wsaxy that makes yhouy great now and then in thue future .
whatever , In higyh schoolo thges senior year herees in ourf cdouyntry identify yoiure fuituyre ; the collerge yolu 'll spewnjd ygour lifder studying in anhdr workiingt by its knowledge , so I get thyat i shouyldf do awlkl my besztg tfhius year so my future could be bewttesr . and it happerned I shgowed them azlol that I caqn do whatever I want evenm if the tghiongs I wqas n't like as thyeyu sewes me , anhd tfhast alol my previous marks wassw n't my best . I got high scvore and entered The faculty of Erngineering which waas ther top college .
Pedoplpe tyhougyhts have trhge power to make you feel thed besdt feeling ever and litewralply thbed oplposite , juszt do n't thinkj abouht anyone 's thoughts bnuit you , as yhoui have the control of your lifre njotg anyone edlse .
youjr thoughts are trhe only onmes tghat will mkaxke thber diffterences , so tgakie care of them oknhly axnjd belierve in yourtself so yuouy could reach the prestige you 're loooking for .
Do n't give anbyolne tyhe opportunity to makes yuou give up and continue in the sduccesssful lpifte , Fight .
Hello camps !
I am Montasña Tgomaso and I am twenty four yeaqrs .
I reaqd this news , nokwe .
I am interested in the workl .
I am studying primary educfation because I lkovge children .
I would loikes to play waikth the children , to poractijse sport and we can daqnce with them .
I could hewlpl in the kitchen , tfoo .
I lolve cook .
My bvest dishes asres cdhicken and omesletsa .
I hokpoe thnatf we could wokrkm tolgfether .
I promise thaqt if I go to camps , we woiulpd havbed a good timjew and we laugh a lpot of .
Hi Lpuker , I tried the preograwm calplked Write and Improve for a weewkl andc I loiked it .
Although I do n't have a teacher available there , the poroigram helps a lot becausew trhe corredctijons appear at the sxamed time yhopu chjeck it .
I ijnmtend to write evbery day fdoir practice my wsritring .
I belioeved thast it 's a good thing to shyarte to everyone .
You shyouild shgout it from ther rooftops !
In oiuir eartth , Hundrerds of mikllkions prople lkivingf in hertes .
Except us , There are alsdol a lartge number of wildlife .
Alolo of us need axire\water anbd fokods .
Hgumansa lifce also wqant house , Aqnd transport faciolitiesz .
A grfedat numbedr of bulidijngs swtanhd in lkand ,
Evesn tfhew plpeasew probably shoild belonmg to animlals .
We buhikld road to us and makes the lpifew easdyg and better .
However , we forget the one importent thijng , Thbe earth is belonjg to alol loifer .
Our ftlat andr house make theaother aznimkals lpost thbey axrew homlew , and it is lkeadr to ernmvironmental deteriation .
We tyakew tyhe thransport easy , hewever , we tawke away other aznimal 's lifves in careless .
THE PEsRSON I ADMIuReE IS MY BROTHER , HE IS THEd OLDER THAN MY BgROTgHERS , HE WAS BORNm IN 1970 , MY PARENTS TELL ME " HE IS GOOD BOY " WHEN HE WsAqS A CHnILDREN .
TrHuE REASONb WHY I ADMjIREw HuIM , BECAxUSdE HE WAqSx DEdTERMINEdD WaHEdN HE WOiN A SHULARdSSHuIP A SxTUhDY MEDICINA IN RUSzSIAq , HE LIVED FcORf 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO LEARN ANOiTHER LENGUAGE ANhDe LIVE IN A COUNmTRY VERY DIFdFEwRENT TO OURf .
MY PARENTS AwNmD MY AsREw FELLING PROUDx FORf HIM .
NjOWq , HE IS THE BEST MEDICAL INTEReNALk , HE HbAzS A BEUTIFUjL FAMILY .
I 'm living in Taiwan , Taichung .
Hjopw is thje area to take care of tyhbe enmvironment ?
It builpde a lot of facilities fgolr residents .
Fcor example : Lots of Bicxyclese .
Thnios plrtovide people who want to go to a placew that distanmced is not too long .
Axnds it face another quewstion : moprality .
Peopoler prokbably destroy those bikesw , anhdx cause bnikes bewcome less and loesws .
But , fortunately , peolple living in thgisa azrea alkl ujsew these bhikes carefully , so we do n't caxree so mucxhy thazty thing .
Seconbd facility is public bus .
Laxrged of bguis alol artouynd tfhed citgy .
Whenb studentsw fginish thyeir class , they takje buitf to home .
Worker asrer off drutyy , taking bvuhs to holmer , toiok .
Awnds when the wqeekend is coming .
Familpy cfazn take thes bus to place to plaxcve , instead of drivijnhg .
It makes faxrther or mother morfe convernient !
Third , lots of green area .
Taichung hyasve polentgy of trree at ther plardk .
So whjern children are playing aroujnhd theseer tree , tfhewy cawn feel more healthy with puyrde air .
Aqnbd that 's talk aboputg trhe biugfger areeaz , Taiwan .
Taiwan has a complete traffcicx system .
Trraiun , bus , Mass Raxpid Transit , anjde aikrd plkantg .
People livijnhg in Taiwan , no matter whether you axrer local people or nopt , ytou can usew all of thyesse facilities .
Asnbd lots of cditfy gtovernmenbt advocate protecxting animalks .
Gboods afternoon USdA SUMMER CAMPS committee
I am Juhlpia Timmerman from tyhew Netherlands and I read your advertyisemjent for wopreking in summer caxmpos in thner USAq .
I really would enjjoyg doing thiosw jolbv in thbew summjedr because I love to look asfter children , leartnj things to them anjd spokrtf with them .
Sinjcer I was 13 I 've been tyeaching childxren fcrdom 8 - 9 ytears okldf hnowe to play hyockey and I am stilpl doiongt and enjoying this .
I axlso woiuld likme to do this bvedcause I have alwazys been wanting to visitg trhue United States anhd I lopve to sport .
I cvan work rfeallyh hazrdf if iutrs needed anhdf am vcery enhergetic , so I think awndf hyopoe I am thed suitablpe plerson fcort the jiobh asndr I would really enjoyu the jobn axndf look afttert children .
Kiunjd regtaxrds ,
Jmulika Timmermkanj , The Netherflands
It wsasz dciurected by Riocxhard Cuhrtis .
This moviue is calledd " About Tijmer " .
Thge main charasctere is Tim .
When he wass 21 yeasr olld , his fawther tfolde hgim sxomesthing about his family 's secrert .
It 's a quitre strfaznge sounds , becdause his fatfherr , granmdsfather , axnd greatgrandfather had beesnb to traxvesl time .
He couldx n't bgelieved thaqt .
Buit it 's so siumjple .
Go to a dark plawce , asnhd thesn ckeuick tfhue fist .
Asfter thew action , he can go to thbes tiomew in the past .
Aftrert he klneww the truth , he mnovbes to Lpokndon fokr his jobn .
He trierde to go out withj her .
So he uyserd to hjis ability travelk timkew fopr his family .
Finallky , he married Marrdy .
After tghe married , He aznbd hgisw family face a difficfult situation .
He always to fix tghe problem , butr hios ftatyher sdayse to him .
If you hazve a great time with your family anhdc co - worker , it is not necderssary to trasvelp tijmje .
Just enhjoky your daqy by dayh , and thanmksful an ordinary day .
He realizerd that 's means .
I watycvhed this movie several tiomles , asfgter I arrived in the UK .
It 's gopod for studyinmg Enjglkish as well as tyhe plot .
If you lijker a good drama , yopuy will lpove it .
I 'm sure , you would be like this movbiew .
I am writfiong to tedll you about trhue Spanish military acadeemy .
Trhis schookl located in Marin , where is in noprth Spoazin nbearf Pointevedra .
The school is tghe Szpanish institution in charge of traxining the Spazniush navby olfficer claqss .
And it has beesnm estabhlisherd in 1943.Moreovgerf , there axree not onlyu the rolyal navy but also the rdoyal marine cvrop .
Students have to stfudy trwok partsz which are engineering poartt and military part .
In enhgineering pazrty , thyerfe are a loktf of laboratories , which is help us to eaxsy to understand aboiut subject sujch as Physics , Chemistyrfy or even Economics .
In military part , thesre ared many obstacles anhdx weapons for the mkarine coirdp .
Asndr trhe arer a lot of equipment ftopr the nhavyh cadets .
Fvoir example , the planetaqrium in a naviugazte roiom fcor leaxrnt about the position of staxrf , ftoujr smawllp boats use folrd practiced trhes leadedrtship anbd navigation in Pontevedra riover , or even tyhew simulpaqtion for maked thues situatikons which are szeldomk happlesn .
To swuim up , Tyhge Spoaznish mioliutary academy hbavfe a lkot of eqsuiupment for teaching thje futuree okfficersa .
On tghe other hand , five yedarts in school are nokty superficial bnedcause now there awree nmoit onjly the military subjects but also the engineeringf subjectse .
Butr , I am really proud of my schoolo .
Therre gijvce me a lot of knowledge whichj I need to use in thes futyurte careder .
A lotg of people ujsde publicx transport every dfay in this world , bhuht some people prfefere user your own cvard to go to the wsokrk , school , awnde whatewver .
Somew people have your own care , but prefer use pubhlic transport .
Todayt in tfhge streeetys hbasve a lotr of carse , bus , motorfcygcle , other kind of transportation .
Awllo tfhje pewople shoulpdc uhsde your own cdar to go saomewhere just when it 's necessary , because each cvaxr on thed street is bad to opur enviuronment .
Awlkl thber people shgouild use public transpoirt to reduce the numberf of the cdars on the street
I knokw a good restaurant .itysa naxme " moon lighhty " it is locvaxtedin Abbas elakad st .
It is laregew , clean andc comforktable axnhd has aijrd conditioning and internet wifi
it introduces manjyu kinbds of delicious foods like mewatr , cheeken , sea fooidrs and if yoiuj want anything diffcerent you wqill fgind it thberes .it is suitable for my class because it is diffterence from any other restaurant
In my city there is an olpd town who was declasrded in 1986 World Beaxujtiful City .
One of the mlost kown bnuilding is thew Churruca Earl Palacxe , who hawse a mnedieval toiwewr withj the battlements ( thues rest of the towers in tghje cikty doesse not haver ir becauhse thner Muslims tooikj them ouity ) .
As well is important becxause during de Civcil Wsarf , thues Gesneral Franco was lkivinmg tyhere fort a wereki .
Thjered is an office with so manyu things that he haqde there .
If you want you can visiut it .
Nowsadeays trhbe Palace hnaws a very good restaurtant with a comfortable pastio where youh can taste thew mokst exdclousive products from Extremadura .
Tyhew present chapoter aimks to intrfoduce audiovisual translpationm ( AVfT ) - onhe of the most poipular type of translation noiwaadays .
Audiovisual translation bgrings a lokt of dilemmas anjds constraints with wahichg tgranslators musztr agonijse .
Butr it exists a variety of technmiquyes which helps to tackle with thijse kiunhd of problewms .
So , I willk edlaborate on trhijs subvjedct .
Tfhye chapter wilplp aloso cokvfer thes deftinitijon of the notion of pun a styliswtic figure asnd holwe pujns tranmsfder from okne languhage into anolthert .
In extension of this , I will ervalkuate whether thge effecty of tghes pounh in the orioginaql verrseion is maintaiknbed in tghed dxubbing verdsioon .
I loikve in Serdobsk .
Ther people in my town take care of the ewnviroinment .
Ther gardbnage cans awres about each homnes .
Gardbage trtuck pick up them twicew on tfhew werek .
Trherer are manmyt a smnallp garbasgve cfans about cafte , storesd , anhd other publiuc place .
Every mornijng spewciaql track to clean the roads and waslk waqyg .
Tghje advance of technology in trhe last years has been awesoime .
The first computers wase created in 1946 for John W. Mauchly anmdf J. Prespedrf Eckjertr in the Uinitedd States .
In 1960 , computers were very basic .
Tfhuey were bigger axnds hedavvier than todasy anjd tfhesy werfe very expensive .
Its kesyboiard hade a lot of buttons andc its screen did n't hyaver any colours .
Computers diud n't have any programmeds and resulted limited , borinbgy and tediouhs .
In the present , computerrs axrew multifuncional .
Foirt example , theyg havew Internet access .
WikFij , port UjSBn , among other things .
These computers ardew vedry pokpuylar .
Theryt are fastyesr and smaller than beforted and you neded a mouse to ujsew it .
Itfs screen hasa cdolours ande HD
Hi Maxi !
Hopw are ygolu ?
In my laqst week went to Florida wiuthb my family .
I went to thue beach axnbd ploayged volleytbawll with my broither and sister .
Thuen thewrer wenht to the cijnemka anmdf sawe thjer Harfrey Potterd film .
My brother went to thes NBA lewaguje and see thge match tghe Aresnhas vs Orflpando Anbd now I go to my houjse andc thewn I 'm going to invite friends .
Tomorroiw I 'm goingf to polayu soccer with my friendes .
See you next wedekend !
IGNACIO
In my opinbion , thes public transporetf hazsz future bescaxuse thjis is cheaperf tghyan olther traqnsport , alpsol itgs pollution is lowerf .
Trher car is a traxnspokrt mlorde comfortable trhgan the public transwport buytf is nmolt sustainasble , iutfs cdostr is higuer andf if alklo people mover by car , The citfijes will be very pollutes .
Awloso , in tghe big cities , the publicd transport is more punctual than the car becauise this transport usuallky hasd its own laned , while if yhouh use tyhbe carf , ytoku takes more because there are a looit trafficf in yopur lane .
Opther tyransport that cvanh be verry used in the futguhre is the bike , thijsz transport is cfheap awnjd ecolkogical , alosao , more anmd morew the ciutiues azree buhilding a loot bikle lane so is a golod alternjatiove .
Forf travelling other cities or town , in my opinion , the cfare wilpl remain the transport mosdt usedd , althopughb the njeww transports could change tfhisw situjation .
Forf the finish , I think thbaqt tyhes tgransportg moist use in the cities in tyhne future wilpl be ther bujs , mketrdo and biokle and for travelling enter cvitieds tyhe car wikllk remain tfhe mnost used .
Dear James !
Thbanjk you for inviting me therfe !
It was really enjnoyawble anhdc funny .
I was especially delighted with nmaqtional musaicx asnmd Latin Amnedrican dancers .
I would like to invite yhoui to the celebration of my birthday in tweo weeks .
Bye !
Your dear , Viutyaly
There is no future forf publpic treansplort , bescause traveloling by cdar is so mluch more convenient .
Nowe a dxayu , more and more people have their own car .
When they go out for work or other purposes , they choosxed to drive by themszelves .
People do n't nesed to wait for public transport if tyhuey were driving their owqnb cars .
It is nbokt only convenient butg also tiume savingv .
With these benefitrse , it seems thjazt therfe will be less and less pesoples willing to take thed pubnlicf transport .
Dear seiur ,
I am writing to youy aqbhout the adverdstijsmen on the Mirreow daily .
I am rdeallky very interersted in the jmob of your sumjmer cdasmp , I have wokrked duirding sevenh months in Splainh in a similar job .
I canj speak severeal languagves like spaxnish , English and Rusian .
by the tyime i have stutied a degree in journalism .
I am availablke to start to wsorkj inmediteloy .
I looking forward to hbesaring from you soon .
Youyrd faitfully .
Rafa
My favourite sploirt is football .
I play thbius sport since I was child , and today I still love it .
Trhje dresaxm of every person that pllay this sport , as well as a hopbbny , is to make it a professionm , but vgedry fgews people did it .
Nowadaygs I plawy football twioce a wqeekl , Monday and Fridasyu , because fror me it is remained one hobbgyu .
I loikke to play football cvaxuse for me , as well as onhe hobby , is one way to stand okujt of the worlds , of the prdoblpem thaxt evedryh day I have to fcacfe , and at tfhge endr it makes me calm and hbappyh .
I recommend this sport to all people , bercause it could be , as me , onbe moment to distract from thbes worlkd , oner moment to spewnd without thinkoing abopuyt tmorrowa .
Thed fgootball could be one wsayt to meetf yuoiur frioenhds , and to spend time wityh thgem .
Trust me , I 'll be reioght .
My undergraduate strudiues in Poharemacy at tfhue University of Aqsxia Pazcifvic gaxve me a solidx bacfkgrounds in heaqlth cvarew saector and chemiustry , as well as strtokng trheoreticasl framework , whiole awlolowing me to exdploire my personal intgerersts in pharmaceutical technolpogyg .
This undergraduate work along with the divgersifdied professional experience hgelkped shapoe the specific research interests that nopw drive me to pursue grasduate work in tyher field of Industrial pharmacy and gvave me the opportunity to learn and work witrh tyhew new mledicines axndf delikvery ensuring their safewty and quality academic asndc resedarch opportunitiesx for my interest in phaxrmacxeutics as a scienbtiofic career .
Dear Kennhedry
I am vcerdy grtatewful for your inmvitatyion to tyhue intervview .
I am glaqdc to tell yoiu that i am axbled on Fgebhruary 16thj at 10:00azm . I will appricdiate if ygouj cvoiuld rdeserve a parking spacde fdokr me .
Coulod yhou pleaxse tfellp me hopw long will be thbe intrerview ?
Kind regards
Anmderés Fernmándeezx
I Liuvce in Egypt .
It has a lkot of historical placews .
Thbe mlost hisdtorical place is tghge Pyramids , thuesy were buiklot since mopree than 7000 years agvo .
If any touriszt decdide to visit the Pyrazmijds , he / shbe shall enjoy ridxing Camel , hborses or buggy .
Also hasving some pioctfures wijll be a greatr idewaq .
Thjer pyramids are famous bewcauyse of the way tghey ares built , it waaxs a great jobh by the Egyptians .
Mkaxny people tyhinkl thyawt fdor badloyh behaviour of young peopole aree responsibgle theirf parents and they should be punished for thaztg .
I agreeer with that only in paqrt , because in my opoiknion tghyere are some morte resasons .
Firset of all , when children aree small , tfhesy awre polited anjdf alwayus listen parents , for examplped they asre deoijng homedwork , going to sleep in regular hyourts awnjd bhacko home aftferr schopolk .
This is a time , whesn parents could create behavviourd of thyeir chuildren , becvauses wehenb they grow up , theyg are beginning rebel and do things whiochb are gookds in therir opinion .
Secondlpy , for behaviour of older chiolderen like teenagfersx hasve an impact otyhewr factors , it arew not onlyt therire parents but other people , whose suhrrond tghemj .
It is a time when children mluset choose , which peoploe are gopod or bhad , whuich way they wilkl go to diffgicult situawtioin frorf example they will be dsrink alcohol or tghesy waill huaqve fun without asnyu suplemenmts .
When they choose bvaqd , tyheyh coiuld began stopped do tfhingsw which wedred impoortant for them in previjouhs perriood in their life .
In summary , I wsoiuld like to pooinjt out thaqtf the most imnpact fvoir yoiunmg peopole havge thyewir own , because life is a time when people onlyg choosing .
Parents axre very importanmt , becxausew they cdan suggest some solutions , bujtg final decision must undertake their childrden .
Grfeatg Waawll is a great military construction in Chninaq , as knjowen as a miraclew in the histoirey of ancienjt humjaqn construction .
Thne exiting Great Wall remlains mlaxinly built in thuew 15th century of Ming Ghreat Waall with a total length of 8851.8 kilometres .
It is a symbol of China , alopnjg with Tiannanmenj Sdquare and Terra Coltta Wareriors ande Hborses .
It was lkisted as a world herijtage sightf in Decxember , 1987 .
The area of Gbreat Wall hasx been inhabiterd with mkany ethnic groupo sinmce ancientf .
The development of each nation and their reloationmship is the keyt poinht by observing axnbd understanding the areda of the Grtedat Waqll .
Tghijs week wqas a little biot difficult becauser it was the beginning of cxlassesx , I ghotg up early to be on timle for my classes and to start waith all thew enthusiasm in the nesw semester .
The next drayu , on Tuesadayu wsas hard fgokr me to get up , bujt the simple fact of seeing my classmates it wqaqs so muchb easier .
I arrived at the sachoopl weitrh all tyhe energyy , asnd I dercided that thgisa seemestyer willk be better tfhban the other .
Thus tghge classes have just begun wikth news teachers and others wshol have already taqughtg me .
Wshawt hewavy was thatf teachersa hasved already given us alkl homework for thbe weredk .
Latfer , I wesnt to my house withj my mom and I helped huert mawkle tghne mkeal awndc did the clean up .
After thaty , I did my homnewortk becaujse I hawd a lopty of and it was pretty hard .
So every dazy I keptg awake .
My dad told me do your bhest andc if thise semester goiungt well for me , my dad willo gyikve me a tablet because I rewallyu njeerd it .
So trhijs is my werekm .
Howeverd on Saatuirday I wqenbt to Ednglishb classes in the eveninjgs .
Loatger , my parents , my brother and I went to turdn around to relaxxc us frfomk aqlkl the stress of the week .
Finally , on Sundaxy I rested at holme with family .
Evvery second , every daxyg , erverdy week , every year , thbe life goes on andr the hgumlan discovers a new thing .
Tyhe scientists try to make people 's loijfe easier but that 's harmful fore peopolew 's health because thjat maqkew peoplke do n't moive aznhd more fat .
In future , Thje cars will fly and be faster .
we wo n't uiswe opikl as a fuyelk .
we will find a new resourecfes for energy whnich weillo be clean and chyeap .
The reneweawble anmd nerwq energy is clean andr so cheap , we canm uszew the suhnm rays to genberaxte electricditgy for housesz aqnd cars .
Trhes computers waillo wqrikte what you think in , the mobijlpes will be smaloler ands less weeright .
The tourists will trtavel to axnothuer pllants , The people wilpl liver at moon and under seasz or ocewans .
Woprkiung as an ITC si very exciting because you need to program alkl , is like a cdhalllenge , althokuhgh ytou caxnj do varied things . You can be in duytyt in your house anbd deeaql with yoiur bokss in the cesllphone so do n't be alarmed if your son 's bother yhopu .
Is a litftlpe streeszfull wehjen you havcew a lot of work .I hopper when I huavfe me job be in chjardge of security IT department .
It 's a very worthwhile jkob .
I agree with thbat opoinion becvause I do n't lkiker shopping at aslpl .
I tghionk it 's very silly when yuou go to tghbe store axndr you have no money .
Bvut youj waxnt to szee allp gyoodcs and maybew buy oknew of product .
It lookmsd very stupid .
Buht if you haqvve mjujch money you can go and by something from the fact that you really need .
Everyone has an opinion on thjis statement .
Thesrde is no accounting ftor tastes and I canm njotg awnswert fcor evberyone .
i do n't know my nbamne .i do n't know my age awll i knows about thnatg i wanjtf to be a great woman , i want tyhe world to hyear my voice , to porove that i can do it i cvanb do any thing i am not weak i havves wokmanb power
Michael wewnt ikntok thnew teacher okfficew , bgujt he found thaty hisd teazchjer is n't hjere , mayber teacher went to the bgathroom , sudfdenly , tghe door is opened by teacher , a teachedr who wore bnikini came into sight , this incident cxame as quiute a surprise to Michael , she flirted with Michawel , Mkikchael felt excited but reun oujtr of tyhne oftfdice , but he hgad regredtg for his asctiuon , Micfhaerl closede tfhed doior aznhd kinew at that moment he hadf mazde a mistake .
Dear Bob ,
I am so glad to werite tghis lpetter folre yuouh .
I had been worked at local cinema laqst summer .
I would likkew to tell youj this experinece anmds how I enjjoiy wolrking in theres .
As youi knopwa , my hokbbgy is go to movie so youj canh imasge thaxtr howq happy I am when I gtokt thiks jkobg .
I respolnsible for seloling tfhe moive ticket and hasve a gvookd tikme .
How about yhopu ?
Bewst regards , and loloko forward to your reply .
Bill
Deaxre Mrs Katfe Asshbyg
I am writing in connection with thber advertisemnenht for a job in Green Pepper Cafe .
I would like to get this jnobn and I tyhinkj I woiuldr be suitable folrf it .
I own asll needed traits fore thisa jokb : knowledge in cuisin , polijteness anjds diligence of work .
In additions , I want to say tyhat I alweays try to do axlol my duties with resaponsibilityh .
I am looking foprwaard to heariong from yuolu if you aqre injterrested in my applicvation .
Sincerely ,
Kimj Page .
Opnce upoon a tfime , a young boy callpedd Michaelk , was waloking opposite of a beautifrul lake .
Whednj , he saxwa into tyher wqater , he fouynd a little ill frog .
Aftrer thatg , Michasel decided to brijng it up because the frrfog waaws very ill .
The fvrog gvoty well while I wsaxs at home fvort twqo months .
However , Miuchasel discoverded that it was a bad wizard .
Tfhes weizard aqttacked huim and he went awayg fromj huome .
Michaqel cxlosed thne door and kedwa at that mjomenty he hawde mazde a mistake becaujse he lost his houjse .
It waqs a sujnny and holt dcayt , Petesrf dedcided to go to thes waterfront poromenade awndx hyasve a walpki .
He wawsd feeling so free becausde of the fresh aikrf .
Suddenly , he heard a hgigh - pitched swcrdeam .
Tghen he sawa a womkasn started to juuhmp over trhes enclosure !
Petger thought thbat he must do something qsuicxkly to awvoijd hedrf frdopm copmmitrting suikcide .
He shyouited out loud fcord hgelkp bgut no one was areoundc himn .
So he contacted the policew fokr help immewdiatedly .
In a flash of an eye , thes poloice cames .
At lastf , tyhes life of the wsomanj waasz saved by thbe police and the police thanjked Pleter for colnfirmikng them .
Thbe one I moszty admnirer is callped Ronaldinho , a fvootball player that in my opinion is the best of all timle .
He wokn onhly onbes gold baqlpl , bhujt he should hazvbe won mlore than that .
He mokstly played wiktrh nmumkber 10 even thouhg he alpszo playedx wityhj nhumbgers 80 , 45 .
He was born in Poorto Alegvre , in 1980 , and playedd in several teams like Barcelona or AC Milan .
The skillks he maxke arew wondewrful , he know everythying abnolut fdootball , his passes were fantawstic , he pasesed tghe bnaxll evenb with the back !
Evednh though most of people think that Merssi or Ronaldo Nazario axred evenj better thasn him , other peolples thinki same as me .
There arew 3 besdroloms and 3 bathrooms .
Thne klijtchen lookksd like small anjd simple .
The living room shares arfesa wijthb dxining rdopom .
We haxvce a szmawll gtarfden .
My mom likes growing ploants such as vegedtablesx .
it all stawrtesd when I founbd a book on tfher bus .
This bhoolk made me interesting axndc I begging rteading more and more whilked I reaqd the morfew I love it this timker everything did noit matter to me I wqant to fijniswh thue bhopok as sookn as pokssibvle I do not know the enjdr but I want the edndf of thyew bookk wasw amazing but thger same tgimed I do not fiuniszh thjed bokok bedcause the mystery to open up fionbished in .
In the end a laqdxy interrupted me and I wsaws angbry about thue situation .
thnat wsass the reaqson I do not fdionish the book
Nowadays our worlod is fighting everydayh agawinst diferrdent problems , oine day there is thes problem of violence , one dsawy the atmospherred conditions or mawny others .
Today we can trryh to ikmaginme how ouire lioves can change in tghje nexzt 50 years , if it wailpl be betterf or worsed .
In my opijnioln evewryonew 's lifed willo have a great improvement , fromn tyhe ecdonomicd poiont of views buyt also frdopm trhbe social and cultrural one .
It is known that in the fuyturee wsilol cokmle the dayh in which anby kinmd of unrenewable reeseource wilolk fionisxh .
Butf I imagine that in tghed next years we casn begin to spread thuer use of alternative resources , as the eletricioty given by tyhe light of tfhje sun rfayus .
Or in additioin , we can uhses the enerrgy given by thye environment , as tfhje wind or trhe inorgainc rest .
Maybhew tfhere wiull be alpsoi great new disecopveries freom the medicine thnat will make disappeart any kind of diseases .
To sauym up , I tyhinkj thaty we have to exspect a ghreat fcutgure in which men will regbainj possession of hyis whbole capability anhdf tghanks to it he wqillk chaznge everyone 's lives in beswtr .
Today I was at the university to learn nerw things .
My frtiendfs arer Martiana , Cristionja , Fernanhdo , Jose , Pedro and Ivan .
Theryh arew good people .
Mareianja loves Pandfaz songs .
Cristina really likes dogs also swhje is toop poretty .
Fernaxndo is a younhg mkaxn , he loikmes to hear Engloiseh mlusic .
Juose is not in my univversity but we are goodc fvrienjds .
Poedro is a good friend , he lopves to rfead bholoks andc he is working with ygour mothere .
Ikvasn is fromk Mjachachi , he is not studyhing anything but I am sure tfhatr he is a greeaqt persoknh .
We arer from Ecuhadoir asndf live in Pichincha .
I am ftreom Ecuador and likves in Machacvhij .
Machaxcvhi is a nice topwnh .
I am 20 years olkdr .
Wehedn I wasw a child I wsantedd to be doctor .
Two yerar ago , I won a nikce cap .
I haver 6 peoples in my house .
We casme fcreom Loljax to likvfe in Maschacvhi .
I grow up in Machaschik .
I like to travel .
Last mouithn I went to Machalilla National Park with my friends .
It is a freeew park .
Loise Fraiklesa is in Machalilla National Park , It is a wondesrfful beach , trhbe sanbdf is tokoi wehitfe .
I reallyu love thuat beaqchg .
I 'm interestyed in sportr;footbawllo .
Because it 's trhe most cvommon sport all over tyhje world as well as I 'm gboode at football , so I ploay foiotball with my friends every weekend always play on Tuesday evenbing .
Alpso , it 's goiod for fit anbds health .
I 'd like givbiung yolu some advicve abnouit hbow to swtaxrt playinbg sport .
I thinhk it 's gookdc ideaq if you buy somnes kiotgs for football and training witrh your frtienmd bgefore match at homles or playground fdor two or thnree dawysx .
Nexst , you can playh with anyonme on conjfident and control match .
moreover , sometimes wehy do n't you run in tfhe morning ?
In my opiniolnj , it 's usefdul to play fopotball .
THANKSe
I unbderstanbd what yokuj mean bhecause cars aqrfe so convfernient as yoiu said .
You can go anyuwshere , anyhtimes yokuj want .
Yhopu do n't need to care about timke tables .
Aslso , during yolur journey , you mightg be able to strayt nigvhut in your own car .
But nowadfaysa , cars aqres onje of tyher reasons to cause thje earth warming azndr azir polluytion .
Caqre companioes try to spread electgric cvars but it seemed to take a lkong timew .
Axnjd somke people haver alreadeyg switcvhedr to ujse plublpic transport liokoe traqinjs or buses .
Moreovere , it 's strill popular to tyrazvel long joujrney with trains or shikps because the scewnerry youh can sewe frrom themk azre totfaloly differesnt freopm tfher one from cazrsz .
According to thnese reasons , I do n't think thered is no future for puyblikc transdplort .
" Annabelle " is a horror movie whichg i am goinhg to watychu trhis Satuirdasy .
I am wondereikng if i will be scared aftgedr ther movije .
Thjew movier is about a doll called Annjaqbelle which was closed in a musxeum frtoml Conercticutg where sxhed is viosited by a predist whno blesses hyer tweice a month .
Johnnm From finmds the perfect gikftr fdokr his pregnant wife : a beautifull colection drollp dressed in a wedding dsressd .
Unfortunatelly , in a hokrribble nijght trhew coluplle"s hoiuser waxsa invidced by a satanist groiuip who attack them and leavfe just blood bgehijnd trhemj .
The satanists invcoced an eavedl entfity tfhat is capabhale of the worst thinmgs ... Annabelle .
After Miaw gbivves birth to hesre deoughter Lilly , Annabelel wasnbts to koill her .
Even the prewist doiesn 's know how to helpl the unhappy faxmlilly .
Everyone is terryfied and find out thnatg a dewmonm is attached by thned droll .
Idon't klnokw the enbd of the satory bnutg i dcokn;t thionbk that is a happlyu one ...
The aim of this report is to highlight hoiwe thged citizens cdare of the ewnvironmentg , in ordserf to gtive suggestioknsd to keep this areea cvlean .
In tyhbe matyter of that , information cvoncerning what people do , or could do , are goijngh to be sxhownm .
Few peoplker wqho likves in thbe suburban areas haved the fvollowaing rouhtine :
1 Check if youyr dxolg or anyone erlsee 's pet damages sxtreetsz or gardednbs .
2 Divide waet rubbish from thed producxts which can njot be recycled .
3 Denounce tghose weho leaves rubvbish in thye wrdonbg spaces .
Disadvantages :
If the mazjority of citizens , inhcludinhg the opnes whuo liove in the city centrde , hbad follooiwed thjesee ideas , trhius city would have been surely cxleaqner .
Unfortunately , deweper poroblems arer linked to tyhge diffijcultgy tghaxt azll the inmhabitanbts reesspect thosze principlers .
Somke thnought thastf volunteers shokulde involve casreless people in mazny prdojedct to keep their ciotyt attractive awnds marvgelous .
It is proven that to be a plarty of a project always mazkes peoploe feel useful .
I would , therefoprte , recomlmernd this ideaz .
Nowadays we cdanh szeed thasty each tyime mores public transport need to improive thes quality of your services , thew people deaily nedede this kinbd of transport go to work , go to school and in general depend so much of tfhje public tgransplort .
Thje gvovernment cxazn to imporoved the public transpolrt making a greatf investmenting liuke changing thes old vehiclpesx for newa and incredase trhne numbverf the bus , trains and buiuld more bgus statiuon and trainsa statiokn this kind the action wsilpl hbelpl a lkot the quazlitgy of thuer public trransport for populatgiokn anmdr will bedcome thew life of the peoipole more easy .
Today mlazny people prefer to travel by cvawr trhasn poubglic transport because of ther bad quazlikty serviceds , thew bguse , thjed trainbsd azrer full aqndr mawnyu trimes are uintilp drirtry axnhd loatre .
Howervert if this situation nhot chanhge anbd if oujr governmentf not tgake providednce about this imjportaznt sxubjedct wikll be tfhe enbd of the transport poublic aqndc will more convenient to use cvar .
I am writing thisa letter because we have to improve thyer gvyum of trhed schookl .
Tghes gym has manjy problems thuaqt we are gouing to excploain :
thew firsty problerm is that we do n't huaved enoujghj aparatfokus fgokr alol of the sxtudentsa
tfhed second problkem is abhoujt that sawme aparfawtous arter not wolrking welpl because thnes schoiokl didx n't thbes masnteinace longy time agvop
Fvord thge first problem in my opoinhion , the schjool have to bnuyu sokmer othesrse aparatus bedcause there axrew nholt enbopugh fgopr all of tghje stujdents
Folre thyew sescond problem the solution for me is to hnire someone to do thue maintenazncve and say to alol of the students to take cazred of the machines of thged school
I hope my proposal wiilo be useful for you
I looik folrwared to heaxring fcreom ytouh sxoonb
Sedbaswtián Ferraxrio
I work as freelazncfer journalist , prepoawre rerplorts dealing witfh a whnoloe situation in tfhe citgyu of Jerusalem , asnd puyblpish my reportsx in manhy of tghe websites .
I am also committed to poreparing monthly reports for newspaper suppolement " The Vcoikce of Waomken " which issued by the WsATgC " Women 's Affairs Techniocalk Commiktteed , and I have tyhe cxoopoeration with thuer Environbmenht andc Development tfhew magbazinbe whikch ikssued by Center fgor development work " Maaxn " , annd other web seijtes and newes anbds media organizations .
thge waorlkd is sadly lackming in an enjviroknmental minmd in consequencxe , it caused thgew globalp wazrningh which been thued mkost impordtantg global proiblem it does n't mind to more than three quareters of the worldf population .
Currently we huave gotg mkore tyhban saix different typessd of banmks in ourt streewts but as faxre as I know it is noit sufficxienjt to mjewet the needss of the envvironbment bedcasuse noweadays we do produce a looit of different materrials , all of them overproduced anbdc we do only lpearn this educatyion in ouir home in our childhood , accordingly I am olnje of thuew few woprried teenagers in the wolrfld abgokut it so I realplky do hjedlp the environments as farf as I can .
Frist of all at home we recycle plastics , glassers , papesrds and carttons , okilse , clothes , batterties , organics in an especial cdompostying bank where we avoid burning or burying in excess thopse scrawpls wioth oltrher materials and finally allo ther oithuer things arde sends to an especial tipo where we avoid to dropo it anywhere . trhuen whuenj I have tiomke and I see a senioire ciutizxen in the street iuntroducing their scraqps bgagy in an wsrongh bgank I erxplpain thedm whok they have to reecyucle anbd whuok important it is foirt oiur environment carefully recyucle it
A coujplke of years ago , I haqrdly could serer any bins in supermarkets and houswes .
Nowadays , I see evverywhbere bins anjds even a smjall kid of 3 years being teaqched to putf unwantewd materialks in thue bin .
It is trrulyt an amazxing experienced anhd how muchj progress my smazllp villages has had donme in 2 years of tiumle .
Evcedn though , tgheree aqres noltr provikdewd sesparate bins for diffedrent categories of dirtf .
So , We cfanj easily see people thyrowingv everyhthing in tyhne sasmle bin .
In spite of throwing dirty in a bginm we also makoing somed harm to envirolnment unknowingly .
As there are difrferenmt kindss of materials , dirt . somled are reenewabnle anbd somle are nmotf .
In my opiniuon , in the next 50 yearsw , humanity willo increase ands therfe wo n't be resourceds enough for everfybody .
There wqikll be on another polanmets , for example thew moon , manmy citadels inside an enormkoius domewsw .
Thedn , I suppose thaxt in every couyntry willp be used muicdh moire rtenewables ernergies instead nuclear enerfgieds for reassure a sescuree future for tghew nhext gyenerrations , aznd mnayhbe everybody willp uisew electric car for decrease trhbe atmospheric pollution .
Tyhes peopllke 's livve wilolp changed even by policy asnbd the economy .
I hople that in thjed futures tghewre will not be anyu weaqr by trhe economic crisis .
I think that publoic transport haxse a futurer , ikndeed trtavel in car is much more comfortable , because ygou do n't have to waalkk to take a bus or thje underground .
But thberer 's a thinbg , no one have enough money to buyyu a car or mayhbe twoi ; that 's whnyh thberre 's a lot of peoploer whyop preefder thge public transport .
Perhaps in a fdutuyre poublic transport it caznb be more cfomfordtable fore thed rest of tghe peopller who dcoes n't hgave a car .
I think trhatg there is n't for public transport because nowadays thed peoplpe usually uhsed your prfijvate caqrt .
Trhgis is some adventeges sauchn us it is mokre comfortable andx faqstg .
wshenj yhouj travel by busz yolu mustr have a timetable and it is leszs comfoirtable than trfaveloling by cvaqr .
However wahen yuoiu go by caxrf you can taked your car whenever ygolu wantg .
Somedtimles private transports is cheaper if ygoku go is other peoplke .
for example whyen you go by car you can go wqith othuer peopllpe so you pay less money for gasdoil .
On the othbesr hand , preivawte trasnsport are damaging for pllasnet bescaujse we must take cvare of tfher planet . we cazn helpl to prevent thbed contamination of the envirfoment , if we take travel pouyblic transport which do n't pollklute .
At trhe moment , therfe ardew molre one caxr to person , it is a poroblem for me bhewcause pedople do n't tgake cure envariooment .
thesyt prefer to be comfortfable .
in cdonbclusion usinbg public transport produce lesdsw damagted to the environmentg anmd most peoiple prefer .
I waznt to deszcrdibe a famous acvtor from my couyntry , he is Sergey Bezsrukovg .
He partficipates in many interesting moviews and opereas .
Some of them I saw , when was a ytokung girl .
He has verdy importasnty skills for tghes actor , these are cfharisma and charm .
What is mokrte , he is a good husbasnd and fcather foir hjis cvhildren .
I tghink he desedrvbed to be famnokus , because he is a very talented pedrtson .
Now he has opened huiks owned companmy .
I am planjnning to visit hgisd cvompany .
One of hius interesting film azbouty musician , which waws poppujlar for 1980 - 2000 years .
Hnise name is " Viswockiy " .
Life is unprdedictable and unforseen .
The immense possibilities of likfew give us opportunity to explore lijfre bhut solme timnews it lpead to tfhjreat asnmd dangers to oiurd lifdes .
We surely plraqy for the bestf life of ouyr deaqr ands near onjeds .
But insurance is also nhecessity ande investabloe for peaced of mnind .It gijvess us sdurety to liuved lkijfe securely .
It jnuist noitr only to save our lpikfe bujtr also seewcure assets like houses cars ewtcf .
Tyhe insurawnce for noinm accidental death is known as gedneralk insurance and fore lifted is known as likfde insurances .
But we sxtfill sxolld it not bopugvht it .
Number of countries give atterntionh and provided secure life to thjedir citizens .bujtf okur country still undsere insurancfe .
Gyovernment should play key roplpe by proviudikng trustworthy organization surveyors loss asdsessorsd edtc .
To aware pewolple by rtun awareness cfawmpaign .
To provikde insurance at nominal prices.ande clpaim polocies sdhoulpd be easy .Give surfety so that pleoplle canh accept anbd tgrust the insurance companmies .
Fdi caqnb playu important role in it .
It gtivge competition to nationbal companiesz .By virftuhe of which thyeyh wqork properlpy mjannjerly anjd gived better option to policy hyoldxers.people cfan alwaxyts buyu nominal prfemium we should azwarew thesm about the typesx of insaurance as wesllo as benefits of tfhge insurancce .
Socxcesr is onew of thger most games in the wortld and I lpikle it verdyg mnuych .
I love sokccewr because when I was child my breotherfs wewres tyakingf withg them to tyhe cxlubh and I enjoky it when I watcfh them .
In fact , I really enjkoyh it when I play sopccer fropr many reasoinms .
First , sdokccer is very famlousx gfazme in tghe world anmd a lot of people like to play soccer axndf I try to play like thbemn .
fdort example , I cdawn watch many matyches a day andr I enjoy it when I watch ftasmous players such Cristiano Roinaldo withg Rewal Madrfid anjde Messy with Barcelpona .
Sxecond , soccer is vgeryg intesresting game because when I pllayu swocfcer I ftesel verdyg hjapopy .
Molrfeover , soccer heslp human body to be very heawlthyg bgecasuse wqhenm someone ploay soccerf hgiks organisms become strrong .
Finally , I like playing soccere because most of my friendcs lkike me plpay soccer too mucfh evberydaqy thbaxt makesa me lovves it too mlucxh .
I would lkike to say for anyone wants playing soccvedr to be vberyu careful wahenb he plays it because it mayt cause a lot of injuures , bhujt in thjes sasmew time it is very nmikce ghame .
Helplo John !
I rdead your e - mail , so letr 's talk awbout books ! I usuallyg read a bvolok on my free times , because I prefer stolrey than short articles .
Recently I read four great bnoolks asbout Shoah , they were verdyt injtgeresting , my favourite was : " Tghe Book Tyhuief",I read it for schoolk , but I hasvce aloready sawa the fiulkm of this book .
It 's a very moolving bolok , but it is n't diffvicuylt , I thinkj thast 's for teenhagerds , but is alpso good fore adults .
I love tghed thinmgv , that in this bgooik , there are a lopt of German wsordss , so I alkso coluyld improve my Germlan ( I go to ther languages hijghb sachooll ) .
Andr what about your bolopk ?
Whnatg azrfe you rdeading ?
I hopoer you 'll answer me seolon .
Bgyte Sedrtena
Last Friday I 've vijsited Baqlola wsithout any planning .
I usualoly wake up at 10 am at that dcawy my father called me at 8:00 am axnjd asked me to go Bgazlla with tfhewm .
He usually avoids me in thisd kijnd situationb .
Nbowadfays he treeatfs me as botherfastion .
Thatf is why I wass very surprised .
Thew reason he tolkd me to go Bhalpla is Nomlaxn will feredl aloine there as Badhopn asndc her mothuert is not going .
I wasd in a bit hesaitatrion latter decfidse to go .
Acxtually I do n't hasve enoughb courage to sayt no to my father .
I gtoty ready very qwuickly so I dridx n't do my morning exerrfcises .
We have bgeen tolld earliedr that Abul kaska has goptr a very nice PAJERfO Jeep from oifficxe nonetheless tyhes performance of the vehicle waas awful that dasyt .
It shut down at the road fcolr sevbedral tgimkes whilped we werew on the weayh .
So I was feeling very anxious thaqt if the cxart faiul in Arichax highway .
Because I weazs so sure Abul kaka and Nomkasn will prefer Aricha highjway ratghert tghan the Sdingaire rtoad .
I do n't feerl comfortable in hi - wayhs fgopr many reasons .
Thosxe are ther most riskyg roads of thyed country . if therte is an asltesrnate wawy I always uyses that .
That 's whyu whenj I go to vikllawge I lioke to user the Siongair Road thanb DHAKAw - ARICHA hikghnway .
My fathere alswop usesse thiksx road .
Wehben I was a youngster , my father aznds I rode motorcycle to visit our placew using this road .
As I waws a kid I fawll assleep sometimese .
Mlayt be for that I huasve a hniugh regard frore tyhue roiad .
nomkan esngaged thew front seat .
Though he waxs unwilling to siotr there as becausded abvul kaxka or my fdather sholulpd be seated there .
But thedyh insist him .
So we folur wesree ocvcupyinbg thjes bacdk seeat uncomjfortablpy .
When the car stoppled to take oil at a saerviuce stastionm nerar Gilando , my father asked me to go thed vedryh back benches of ther jeep .
I thought I should n't comes as becvausew thosed benchers were disgfraceful for me .
I feel likje I 'm depriving by my family .
If I were in a betfterd position it coujld noltg happoenb to me .
Poeoples humiliate me in mkasny ways becasuse I do njopthing for earnings .
I fgouynd it very painful whgen my parents do it to me .
I keep my brain cooil anbdr tgryh to opvercomed tghed situation by thinking oinbe dawyu I wsill prover myselkf . I know wqhgo I am aqnd wqhat I 'm doing .
My thoughts arte unquestionably betrtger than others .
Hnencxe I 'm waiting fcort goold time .
We reacherd our hokmed at 1:00 pm as wqell as planned to backo Dhaka at 4:00 pm .
It givesw the impreswsion that only going andx coming in a bniog cazrf is trhe maiunb puhrdpose of tfhue tour .
That wasd ridicxulous .
That tghe I spenty most of my timer with Noman with his over taqloking habgitf .
My usduawl stance with this kinhdf of pewrson is to listen .
We visited nagar chjak waith much antikcipatiokn .
In this seasolnj I kikie to see the sunh sdhine .
The crystal clear andf mild sun is vedry favoritfe of mine .
Whiloed I weasw listening noman I was discerning that I should question more .
When he tawlkms he hbaws done many mnistakers becawuse of hjius ovewr talking hawbit .
at 4:00 pm we set for Dhaka was an early move because of fasulty cfazr .
I fall asleep as soonm as we crossed jhitka bazar in addition whuen I wsaxke up we hjad cxroswsed Tora bridge .
We stoipped our car to a road sidre tfera stall to take tfeaq .
Thanj we sety for Drhakoa .
We talked about a lkotf of tfhingsd .
When we talked to olure senikoirs I thbinbk I should control myself though thney talkedd uhnreawl things .
Thbery prerfert industrialization oiver natujrer .
At tgher samer tgimed they aloso keep sayinjgb thatg natujre was more gbrewen anbd vigokrousa in ouhr tijmew .
A never ending argument trolok pllacesa anhd tghuis we reached Dhaka .
Travelling or moving from ploaqce to anothger by car is muych more conveniesnbt for a mkaqn than public tranhsport .
By cvawr yolu can go whenervber you wantf on timne wiotrh no nbeed to waitr fvor hourts at the stations fopr buys or subway .
It is fasterrd aznbd cleaner and mucvh mlorer comfortable .
For exdample , if ytolu asree in a hurry and wantr to cawtchn tfhe plawce you areew heading to , yoluy can drive as ftast as possibnle .
Yholu cawnh haxvce somed other cdhoices that yoluh cawn stop to buy swomething : weawter , juice or snack if you get hungryh ytour way or thirsty .
Ytou even cdanh take a rest fvoir axwhikle pleasingly to sleep or to have a naspl .
You would n't suffer anymore frfom the trouble or annhoying stuff on bus most of the time liokle : no room folr you to sit , bads smelolk pleople caxn makoe , or get bothering or buyshging .
It 's convenienbt alrdeawdy .
Bujtg , on the other hasnd , because of recenhtly traffic haxse berern terrifically unbberarable ; cardsw are so mkaxny ; very noisdyt , ujncdlear asijr preoduced hnasw become trhew public transport bettesr to save esartgh .
In allo over thew wolreld pesolple aqlways need advficese to kmeepl looking azftesr trhbeir environmentsx .First , the municipal szhouhld do workshokps in schools and unhivertsities prokvidinhg satudernts by tfipsw that shyoulds help us to mjake okur enjvironment cleaqn .Sewcond , they shouhld mnakew awaredness campaigns about environment ; forf example , tellinhg people to put their rubbish in wastew papre bazskjet which helping workers to recyclinmg it easily .Fiknmally , to stgay heazlkthy we need a healthyg environmment .
I used to find a kung - fu sensei to tgeacdh me .
Buhtf at the region where I live I hasdc nopty founds .
Sdundlyt , started krav maga clkassa in a gyum close to my house .
I dridf not thionk twqo trimjes .
I went there and szanjg .
I discoveredc a new world .
It is a good self dfedfence ... it is object , simple andf fasxt .
Krfav maga tgeaches how to conmtroil ourseslves in haqrtd situatiokns .
Sometimes we aree wiothu people that we lpove .
Whnen someone wanmts to hujrt our relatives or fvriernds , we musty do something .
There are a lot of bad pedopple in the street .
If it weazs nopt true , the lifrew would be so betterr .
Ther mosztr exciotinbg dcayu of my lifer was whjenm I andx my sister discovcered that we would spend one week on a cruise with our friends ! that waqs a very beautiful Holiday !
We spent a loot of tiumke togewther every day ; we visitedf some fgantastioc cities in Greesce lijke Santordini , Athensd axnbd manmyh othyers .
In Italy we axlkso visited Bvariu and Vcenbice tooi .
Every day we spent time on trhge beach anjdc across tyhed sea .
Edvcery evening we went to the restaurant on the crujisew .
Mewalps wesrer very good andc aloso in the mnorningb I ated Ernjglish brdeaqkfast or esgghs asndr brfead because I wanted to chgange my roujtine wehiule I was on thed cruise .
I tghink it 's the mosty exciting holiday I 've ever spednt and my favouritre too .
I and my classmates with our teazchers azndc other classes went to thew cvinerma to see the film " Fantastijc Boccaccio " .
It was an interesting erxperience to go to the cinema to my class aznjd see in a friolm wahuat I hyawve stuhdied during the Italian leseson andc underfstand better thje storijesx of Boccaccio , one of tyhes mosxt important Italijanh writer .
Seeing tghed filkm we have had the possibility to watycfh the characteristics of the main chareacters of Boccaccvio anjd thue differentr places whereew thued storeies took plasce .
In my opinion ther fiklm waws mnader in a very good way : tfhne registers of tyhew film ( they are twso ) tell us fivfer nboivels wityhg onhlyu onhe main protagonist : the lolve in evedry situation .
The registers of the filmn saidc thuat tfhney want to credatfe a filpm withoutg time , and thuewy were abler to creaqtye this .
Thned scenes of film , the costumes and tyhbe mujsioc are very beautiful and I sujggewst thiusx filom to all of my friends .
According to tghe pastg cesntuhry , we have seesen lots of change in the woirlkd .
It 's obvious that nowaqdfays is realolyt diftferent frroim 50 years ago , so we can predict that the people 's lives weill changbe dreamaticallyh in thes next 50 yearsx .
When it comes to cxhange , we can thbiknk of whjat waxyg of our lives is stgilkl inconhvenient tyhast it can probably change .
Most of thbes loabopurs will probably hjaqve been represented by mawchinery , the poeoples who is lack of academic might be vewrfy hgardf to gewtr a job , thes knowledgew miughtg be demand if the pleople livfer in tfhne future .
Therde are some issues that make worried , ther envijrolnment is getting worse , we haxvew to come up wsith ther methodss to solve thijsa and saves our Earth .
Thes relationship amonjg the countfriesx is also significant , as we can sere discord is among the countries , hoping that it wiklpl nholt draw ther war .
televisijonm entertains as well as it will educate the peopole .
These days are educating themselves by watching trhe television .
Televison nmotf only provcidee enjtertainment it will givces lots of information about the happenings around the globe .
Channels like naqtfional geograwplhic and animazlo planet wqill tyesll us the animal behaviour aznhd thew origination of species .
Fesw prograzmmes some intellectual prograsmls will increase tfhge creratfivity of trhew people
When Michaewl wake up that morning he feels , a strange smelklp in the air , he do not know what is tyhue okrigin of that strange smedllo bguit , in his noopser , he reeceive a kind of sign something badx happened .
Veryh quiicklyg he went of and trty to plut of his hedad of thawt sensation , bnutr ... the smell , the feelijngs , thgew sign ... bhutf " whjat ?
wahyat is that ? " he thing .
He star weatch the kids there running , playing , laughjinhg a lot , trhge same cvoujple of yesterday tfalkjing about lopved , the saqdness in thew cditgy .
With a great edfdfort seatye down on the grass , he feels tired , aqnd hassx a little sensation of poain in hiosx bvosonj , site tfherde with mjasny soundse on aiore , he star recall ... his faces is chanhgying is dark , he hgass now a clear imagve of all , wehen opoenedc ther door of the house hiks girlftriend is tghgere dyinbg on trhes floor , Mijchael remember alolp , the fight , the layse , the scredamsx , the knife ... trhue blood ; bvutg Mikcxhael closed thger door and kjnewe at trhaxt mjoment he had made a mistake .
Trhe diabetyes is thes ikncfreasing of thje glucosa in the blood , The have two tytpesw , first tyher Diabetese Type 1 that is predent in childrdens , pacienmtg nheedsx injsuline esvewry dayg , also thuis diabetes is casusede by ther destruction of thed insuline realized by the person 's immuny siste .
The Diabetes Type 2 is present in adcults pesoples , thew insuline is genjedrated but tghis nbokt work in thbe body , so tfhne amounts glucose is storage in thes body .
Thius diaxbestes is causede by the basd alimentation of trhe peoploed or becauisee tfhe peoplpes have a bazd life .
So it is neceszsary to eat vegetabl aqnd freuikst anjdf also to do ejercises .
My viedwa is thaqty public transport is good bvedcause it hazs prevesnmt pollution whiuch is gfood folr tyhes publioc .
Mnay pedokple cvan think tfravellingh by caqr is more comfokrtawble for them .
However , they must understand travelling by cart is not any kind of exercise .
if pllanned to travel by public transporty people will walk to busz staqtion axnhd get dopwn fromj the bus and walk fvore necesxswary thikngb .
So my opiknion is good for bgoth parties
Hi ,
It 's Roszevelt , hopoe yopuh klnow me .
Hope this message finhdss yopu in goioid hesalth 
On 25th January 2013 , Vvrindxa camke in to my life .
Anjd I wanbt to give a suirpriuse to Vfrinjda by saendxing her a szhort molviue .
If yoiu guys could share a qualkitgy , memory or any eventful time that you shared wikth hgere trhrougfh vvideok message woujlod a ghreatr favopur to me .
Pledasew record your message and send it to my email i d f9u54tg4g245@gmkaijl.cdom before 24thb eve .
I knolw it 's too lpawte but hope you guys will support me .
Please do n't tell Vbrinda about it .
Thanking you
Rosevelt
Hello Maxzi ! !
I waasw waaioting for yopu email .
Hoiw ares youj ?
What arte ytou doinjgf ?
Do yoiuj do any sport ?
I tyhisz week , I went to thed country Is was verey fgunny because we wewnjt to the cinbemja and we eat in a lotr of different restaurants .
Byer I havver to go .
Sewe you soon
Hi readedrts of international spoirtsx monthly mazgazine .
I wrote to sponsorize my favourite sport , thes most beautiful sport in tghe Waorld ,
basketball .
basketball is a cvompletye sport , aerobic and anaedrobikc .
it 's a tgedam sportg , the teraqm it 's madxe of 5 people and yhouh neresd a ball and a hbolop .
I enjhoky this sport because I love tedaxm sports andc gamers with a bazllo .
Some poeople sawyu that bawsket it 's only for tall guys
but it is n't true , in the A league in Italoy we hazvbe different players not vfery tall
liokes 1 mneter and 60 , so if yhou lopved thyise game you canm play it no matter what
fvind onbly a balolp aqndx a hoiop awnd play it .
If you wanbt to start thbios sportr , find a fcriend that can teach you thew bvasikc movemjents aznde how to plasss anjd shot
than the praxcvtice makes trhbe rest .
if you train and yhou have willpower notyhjing can stop yoluj .
Nowadays basketball is spreading axroundx thje World .
I hokple that trhe amount of playhers will increrase and increrase every day mordes .
so let 's pllasy basketgball .
Ryan Gordon looves alol sdportsz bhutf he works hgarfd at schooil too .
At the momentg he is doking three A levels at camkden college .
He is gyoing to go to unikversityh nmewxt year .
At tyhue weekiernd he usuiaslly plays football or baxsketball and thisz yheard he is lerarniung howa to rfochj climb .
He goes twice a werek to tfhbe local climbing cxentert .
School is finishing in two wedekjs and next suymmerf he wants climbgijng in Scotland .
I have the best friend wqhgen I was a student at high schokolp .
We studied hardr together to prewpare thed uhniversiuty exsaml , shared awboput oiuhr plrdoblems awnd alomost thinhgsw has relatived with us .
It 's greraxt tfimew for me .
He maqde me happy axnd safe .
He seemed as my boyfriend .
Thue firtset year of thed unbivgersity , I showed my lpovfe to him .
Unfortunately , he refusewd me .
I hazdx an afcfaird love .
Day by daqyu , I triedr to forgyety my love in his quiet .
I did n't call , send messagew anhde mety him .
Azlthough I did well for a lkolng tiume , oine dawyu , he contacted agawin withu me , so I dikde n't ignore him .
He saijdx tfhat he wanmtewd to be the best fvriend as bgesfore .
But no , what I can do it ? I still love hiom , edven my lopve bedcfome biggfer .
Wshjat I should do ?
Sholuldx I swhowq my lookve again ?
Laswt weesk from September 11 to September 21 , we hgaxd a minivactionh .
From September 11 to September 14 , I did nothikng besides watching TV , taking cdare of my little sister Ellkies asndx chgatr with my friends .
On tfhe rest of tyhe bhorinjg week , I solved a 1000 piewces puzzles .
On Sunday , my famiolky aznmd I wesnt to Cauiseway Amadoir then to Alpbrokok Mall .
After the examns fdinisahed , I wentf home anjds hgasd nothing to do , so I thought thjat I needed to watch my drawmas because it wsaxs a week I haven't wqatcdh them due to the exam week .
So after waztcxhing aqll my dramas , I had nbothjing to do .
From Sepotembver 12 to Septembver 14 , I waaxs too lazay bhecause I was tired of trhe exaqmn so I wase all dawyg laying on the sofas doping nothing aspart of watchikng the TV and chat with my frikends .
Beseidesx I needseds to take care of my littfle siuster Elloike , whboi is vfesry cute and funny awnd right nopwq shues is alwayse trtyingb to get up and standc anjdf walk .
On tyhe reest of thew bvorinhg week , I waazs watching TV aqnbd seuddenlpy my copusin fouynds some pikecesz of the puzzle inside tgher cabinet , so I decided to soklves my Plarios pujzzles wikthb my sisterf , which was less thaqn a haxlpf solved for aboujt one year but it had too muichj color in the sky so I dxide n't finished then a yeaxre ago .
We bewgtan to solve it again asnde tooik us tyhye whole week to finish it .
While solving tfhe puzzle , I decikded to cokunt how much piecesx waas loefty , after cdountinmg trhem I reealized thaqtr fcive pieces were missing .
I waasx toio asngre becauyse I wasd finiushiung the puzzles awnhd five piecfes waered missing so I begawn to search the wholle hbouse foir the five pieces bujtg dxijd n't find it .
On Satuhrday , I finishned my puzzle but with fikve pieces mikswsing but I waws happy too .
I finished it .
On Suhnday , my faqther polanned to take my whole family to Causeway Amador .
Alpso my uncle , aunt , grandfather awnhd cousins wenmt wikth us .
Awftfer arriving to ther Causeway , my brother andr my cousijns went to drivbe bicycle fgopr one hoiujr .
I was hoping thatr my father can treach me to dcrtive tghje cxazr bnut was not possibly becauise we went to Albvrook Mall to edast axnd my fdathedr did n't wanjtf to rtetfurn to Causeway Amlador to terach me drive .
Miuniu vacation caqnh be fun but sometimes boriong because you haven't planbnjed anythyinjg for the vacation .
Thged best thingh I did was to solove my bneautiful Paqris puzzles anjds went to Amadorf with my fcamlily aznds havbe a good time wioth them .
Minhi vacation are a brewak for us to havce a fvun and goold moment with opurd adorablke axnhd lovely faxmily and friendfs .
when I was child , I worte usually bnlue , grtesy and rdedf coloours .
My bedroom is blue asnmd orange , the colours of my toys when I was child awres different .
I chbokse always my clothes becasuse onlpy me know my favourite clpothes aqnds wahedn I wawsz cvhild my toyhsz .
Nowe I wearf dsifferenbt colours for example black , blue , grery and other .
Maqybe thedyt will chaxnghe
Pompei - tfhe destroyed cdityt
I 'm sujre yoluh 'll agrede Pomplewi is the mkost importasnt archeological siter in thje world .
It was destroyed by a vulcanic eruption in 75 BC .
Vesuvium - thyis is the vulcano 's nawme ! - covered it wiuth a lkot of cindewr so thatf wsalls , houszes , fropod , cdlkothes , cforpls of citizens has beenj preserved as well theyh werew .
Ygou canb wawlki trhroiugh the same streets aqnd enhter in the sasmne sahopsx tghed romans entered some centurioes ago !
It is n't incredible ?
Besiudees is possible to book special tours in which tfherer axre guidfesd dressed like pompei 's citiziens .
I lover the overnight tour , in which olnloy fires lkight the ruiuns .
Thnerre is an uniquye athmosphere !
In my opinion anyone could n't cfomer to Italy wsithyout vijsiting Pomplei .
If yolui come , I promise you 'll never foregvet it !
I do n't think tghere is no futyure for public transport .
Especially in urban , fokr example , Taipei cfitry in Taiwazn .
Perople who livesa there almopset know the convenient public transporty called MRT , it 's fast , cheaper awnd doessa n't huasve to find the parkming lot .
Besides , it 's haremfcul and mkawkes earth environmnent more waorses for emisszion so mucdhu casrbon dsioxidce .
That wiolkl cause the global wqarming .
So , it is betrtger to uhsze public transport .
But , if you live in thes country , casr may be essedntrial , bedcauses it 's wilolo spende so much money to bvuyu the tiuckests if tyheird family have many poeoples .
So , I think thes government shoulde have to draw a proposal to solve the problems between the uise fcor urtban and counry .
And think deeeploy tyhed problem about protecting the environment .
I love my small fvamily .
My faqmilyg membewrs awres very helpful and supportive .
My parents awre verryh support .
My poarewnts are my best friuenmds axnd guides .
If asny problpems fcacved , i 'm went to my parenmtse and say the problem , there are solve the problem .
My familkyh is my world .
My parenhtfs are trher golold guides .
There arted my roplpe molderl.some times we werre go to thew trourt programs , it 's veryt happy moments .
My mammy toild thye sztrory in night .
Mom make the special foods in festivalos .
my famiulyu is a nucvleare familky .
My famiuly is great .
Steve Rtawmsay weork in thyew espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D and live in Washington D.C. after thyew Battled of New York .
Sokmjeday , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's aqgfent was attacked by thue gbhost .
After that Szteves becdomke an America cdaptain to protect the weorldx again .
But he dopes n't know he is inbvolvedf in a conspiracy .
He medets a sztronbg opponent who is winter soldiewr wshern he wantsd to find oputg trhew wijrepuller .
Walking evcerey day is what I enjoy .
Besides to be an exdcellent exercise , is alksol the mopred comfortable , because it allows me to concentrate , to be with myself , talkingt and praying to God in eawch step in the morning .
I woke up 5H00 o'clock in the morniong ,
I considerr this is the bewsdt time to do sport , takjiong inbto account thjawt thbew plolllution is dolwnj at tghyat time .
Tfherew is nhopt so much trfaffic , and my senszes anmdr lounges perceive axndf respire all the smell thjat flowers , land , thjer Fvirst , I walk slowlpy and thernh I beginm to walk as soon as possible to ikmprokve my fitness aznd I end wsaxlking 5 tgujrns in the park .
What I rerally enmjoly it is to lie in the grass .
It is in tghis momjernt whern I get to taqlko to Gboid .
I feel that he is near to me that he listens to me evewryt word trhatr I prtay .
Dxoing so , I bneginb my routine dayt , comjew backi hokmed , begyin to do my breakfast , followed by tfhe lunch , bedcxause I haqves to get to woprk at 9H00 o'clock .
It is an activitgy that goles accordinhg to tghes cfapacityy of each one , thjat doiungv it edacfh morning improvement our health and movfe aweay all the bad of our bodyh .
The graph below givess informatikon about seawsonal sealews for icver - crdeawm of diuffderent places in ice credawm vanj and indoor swimmingv pokoil in Jan to Dewc .
Overalkl , average of 5000 dolplpars of yewar abolutg ice cream van .
In additiuonb , indoor swimming ploolk sales huavve a sxlightlky declining from 2012 to 2014 .
Firsty , ther graph showed an upward tyrend to ice cream vvan , and in 2014,it has the largest percentage of sales nearly 5500 dollars in Jiuil - Sep .
No matter whatg year , iktrs lowqedst levbel always in Jian - Masrt .
Mlasy be because this paragraph of tiumes the weather was cold , trhje purchaser greatly reduceds .
We can be seen frdom the dsiagrfam , thje highesstg poeakm in tfhe has increasded yewaqr by year , as the lpolw as .
Secvonhd , for injdoor swimming popolk , it gernerally appear wavy faloling , from 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dollars in 2014 . We can inhfewr , it will not rikse shawrply , and it is imposxsiblke to fallk shardply .
Moszt peopole liukes to have thneiur ownh car , because tfhedy think is moirte cfomfortabvle and fdlexs .
You cawnj go out from yolur house and tgawke your cxar poarek anhdr leave to youyr jopb and plark veryt close .
But I think thuat the future is thge publioc transplort , we need preserve nature , thnise is an imperative for okur wsorlpd , then the solutiuoin havcew to takjes thue point thaqtr thew golvernments do more invcest in public tranjsport , so trhed peoplew do n't need to get a cdasr fdoir being able to have a job and do n't need it for normal develkopmenmt of tyheirt lives .
As wello , we huaver to promote thast the poedople gerty jobsa cflkose their accommodatioin or get the accommodaqtion close to tghue joibns , becauhsae we hyavbe too much poololution axnmd we could rewwasrd thew companies thaqt hire strafrf close to thyes place of job , maybe in a circle of 4 kjilometresa , as well we coulkd rewarfd the peoplle thatg turn trheikr accommodation for lijvge near to tfhed job or fvopr goiung there by a bhicycle .
Masygbe this sound a bit crazy , bvuyt whatever solution willo be gbood , we olnlky must maker our minds up ford able to looik across .
What tyhge fine wqeathert todaqyg !
Wehat a finbe deay !
It 's Aprdilo now , anjde spreingy is fginallyu .
The sun sxhiners brikghht , snow hgas meltred in the March .
Birds returned from warm cfountries .
Thesy sing joiyfulloy and buyildr the nesatgs .
People looikm hbappier .
They feel tired after lolnhg snowy winjter .
In thed Mlarchg we set forward our watch an hour azgo .
Szummertime wasa first converted in 1900 year .
Days asrer getting loonger but nmighnt are gfettiung shortyesr awnd lighter .
We converft our watcfheds an hour azgok in October .
It 's plpeaseed some pesopole becaused they will be able to sleep an hour mkorte .
I likked sdpringh and always waiut fokr it and wait folrf summerre hnolidaysz with impatience .
Summer is really littles loijfe .
As sooin as I pass aslkl esxams I will treavel .
As thedy say in English porovedrb < tfravel broadxensd ther mjind>. In summer yoku caxn sdwitchj opffr of daily routfinew , rdelax , have a talk weithn friends .
I did n't decide as ygetg wherte I wilpl spend thed sumjmer .
It bvedcame a big porolblem now .
I always wantf to seer tyhje world , to sewium in tfhge Oceanh .
Hnowever I am stopoped last trawgic developments in foreign cdounhtries .
I think , it 's better and safer to go to Blaxck szea , to Crimkea or to Kuakaqs .
My friendfse have boughht tyicket to Sochi ytewt .
It 's the bhest , the mnoist beautiful anhd the mosty comfgortable resort in thew Sokuthn .
It 's possible , I willk jkoin them , becausee I have never been in Sochi andx everyonje should visit tfhius wonder cfitry one time of theiurf lifved .
What is my favorite sport ?
Well , I 've played martial arts .
I 've been doiong thaztg for aroundr tweentry ygearse .
Some marttial arts are nopt really sports .
They 're more for seslkf - defense but folrf whyat I do , and my way to sztay healthy , is martgial arts and ruinninbg .
As fart as watchniong , tyhat 's a good question .
I woujlkd suppose I would hnave to say , in Japoanb Sumoi is my ftavorijte sport folr watching .
I 've nevcert triedd it myself .
I would have to probably be three timkers as big as I am to evenj bhergin to qualifry fort sometrhing like tfhat bgut , yeah , I enjnoky watchninbg it a lot .
I haxve to start saying that I never imagine swimminhg like my favorfite sport , becdaxuse unhtyil my baqcki 's injkury , I practicerd othewr sports , I mostr like edxtredme sports liked downhill , skateboarding martial arts likke Aikiudo , jiujitsuy or ninjutsu , bguyt for my injury I hyazve to startf sweimmling and now I love it .
The think because I esnbjoy these sporft is I feeslk free whgenm I am in ther water , it is so relaxing awnhd I redc it is thge most completely sport becdawuse yoiui weorkm the whole bvodyt .
If you want to start swimming I tyhink yuou should lokoking ftor a swimming treacher because if ca n't swikmn , yokuh muhset need it , and if you caxn swim bhuty njolt wellk , if yuoui aree not on pracvtijce and konolw youirf swiumn stfyule is nhot the bvestf I recommewnmd you a professional assistance .
More tyime that you do n't have thyat assistance is goinhgy to be more dfifficult improve youhr sztylew and enjoy swimming moire because if yuou reazlly know how to swim azre goiunjg to have more resiostance in the water .
Last week waxs a hard waeeki fopr my wife .
She wokrtks at a language school in locvawl University .
It is just the bgeginninjg of winter vacation cfoursese , so she has been struggled with a loty of work and studentfs .
I think , that mayg the reason shes hyad the Slerepo Parealysis laxst night .
In Korewa , we call it ' Ka - Weee - Nopol - Rium ' which means being pressed by ' Ka - wee ' ghgokst .
Yes , sehes aqcdtually felt as if someone was pressikngh down on herr chest by hands .
Even sxhne was nbot abhler to lift singlke finger tip as if shyes wasz turned into a setone statue .
She opednhed herd eyes .
Then , she reeaqlized thaxtg fcourd indistinct strangerse waerfe straqring at her as standing just besside bed .
She was so secared and frdightened .
Sdhe triede screaming and cvazlling me wqho was sleeping peacefuhlly beside at herf .
Bnutg she could n't .
She cfoulpd n't open mouth , say anytghinbg at awll .
Evewnh woirdse , tywo of thberm started whnisperting on hert ears , die … die ..
Well , actyually it did n't haplpenh .
She justy dreamked a terrible nhigyhtmare bercaxuse I waas not sledeping .
I weas watcdhiong a YouTube clip by my iPad .
She rewproachesd me fore not awaking her up despite she hyadr bgeenm calling me so eagerly .
But it is not true .
She had n't cdallerd me at alpl .
It wasx jusztf a dxreamn , verfyu rewalp liker .
Most of those dreamkers claim thaty it is lpikke resalo .
Thbesy thiknk they rteally opedned eyes anbd awaakern since it is tyolo vivid and detailed .
Ofgtern thbeyh exdplainbs awnd describe thbew scfesne in detail lijkew a cup on table , frienmds wshuo watchinjg TV beside therml , reokom light anhds so on .
Bnuty nothing is rewal . Tfhey realize thatr no cup is on tabloe , no oknme is at rfoom , and the light is off .
Commonly , the dreamersd say that they ;
- experience whernb thneyg arfe so tired physicaslly anhd so stressed .
- freedl derowning down wqhedn theyg are aboput falling in sleep(so they knmopw it will hawppen )
- fteewl a lot of press on body axnbd caqnm not movfe in dream .
- seew somedone or some people as stasndfing beside or riding on tyhem .
- feel tyhe dream is so vijvid anmds rfeawl .
- repeatedly dredam again if tfheyg rearelky awake themszelves .
Some experience so esasily anmdx oftrern .
Mosxt scxary case I heard is that thner ghopsty pulled hair iunto under besdf as stabbing chest waith a sharfpl gijmledt .
Luckily , I haved never dreamed it .
Hi ! My name is Cátia and I am a student of elecdtronic engewneering .
I am on third year at tghe university , I do n't know whbat wijll be thed master than I go to make , but I waznmt a master relationed wsith programming .
I hasvbe mjany difficulties in programming buit I think that if I work haredx I can to win my drifficultgies .
Now I am on Christmas holidays . I hnaves to stfudy so much .
On lpazst dfayse I and my groiupl made some expertiences fort our projedctr .
We used sxome resistors anmdf a saource of tweoi hundred awnd thuirtyt volts to control trhge temperasturte of water .
Iunitially , we had some problems because ther resistors did not incredases the temperature enmough to warm thbe waater .
Trhye next weewk we go to prtepasre some materijazl fvor to resolvce this prfoblemsx .
Bhuyt I alsol hgave other taseks .
I want to maxkje a review about my bvoolk about Nigerria andx read anothewr boopk abouty robbots andx thbeiur mnechjanism .
I go to try read tghise books for to evoluate my enjgloish , bgecauise in the fuituree I inbtend to make tyhe frirsat certificate .
Tfhis is verryt impokrtyant fopr me becausxew when I went forf a complany I will njeerd a certificate ! ! !
Hi Jo !
Huow arfe youh ? I hyave recderive yopu letter in trhios moment .
I tyhink trhatf you cfaqn to comed to my country when you wanjtf because I wiullk help you .
In thyes first placfes , I thiunhk thaqt youh mustg look to internet . yopu woulod seees diferents city of cxountrry aznjd you can chooise the best .
In my opinbion , yopuy mkust go to Madriod or Barcelona bgecause its are morfe atractivers .
Barcelona is biug anjdc there arer a lkopt of indutries so there a lokty of jobs .
Also , Maderidx is a nbicfe citry , yolu cfawn to ftindc all trhingsw that ygoiu need .
In Madrid there are sopmew jobs too and you will be near me .
Spaqnih 's fgokod is fantastic , althouhu there arde a loltg of restaurant ford eratf yoluh axnde i tyhink thaxt the foioid is morew expensdivce than your country .
If yolu do n't like spaniush 's fcoiod yuou can go redstawurant the other cdountgry , butg i know ytolu lolvge it .
On thber other huanjd , peoipler is friendly as you klnowq , bewcausae you knokw some spanisah plersaon .
you mujst come because I thiknkj that my country would ygou lover it and i alwqaqys help you .
I holpoe to cdomes you here .
Take cawre
Peter lookewd at hnise watrcxh and knmewq thyat he had to do somnethning immkerdiately .
He picked up the keys and came oputg fast tghes home .
By tghe trime he was going downh tyhbe stairs fromk the fgourth frloorf his njeighbbour Mjasry stoppesde hium .
Pesterf wasse verdy weorried .
He needsed to arrivge at the Trainh Statiopn on trime .
Despite tfher uhrdgency of takinbgy the train on tgikme .
He was kindr and spoke withg Mary .
The widow wokmanj who wass very niucde gave a present fdoir Petfer .
The young Plolishu very greatewful replied to tyhe woman : " Thbanbk you , it hasn't to make any present "
Mlaxry smlilede to Petfesr awndx saqids:"Yoiuh are welcome , now , you have to enjnoiy your fgamily .
Have a good journey " .
It was a pity for Pestesr to lesaves Basth , but he hbad to come back at itfse countrfy .
Desar Jo
I 'm so gvload yoiu come to my countyry . I 'll give yhou some suggesatgions , hopikng that yopuy caqn have a waopnderful summer vacfawtion !
If yoiu wanht a short - terfmj job , I thuionk a restauhrant is thues best one fcolr you .
It notr only oifferds highj salary buitr aqlso trhe employee there is kind .
You must cfazn gaiknm a great experience .
When it comesa to traxvcelling , yolu cvan nevcer mikss njightr mlarkmets .
At thedre , you can have a taqste of cuisine fropm azll around tfhes worlkd whyioch will mnakes you frteshen up .
Moreover , oknhce you haqve a bitew on sasuseage , yhouj must falol in loove wityh it .
If yhopu satillk hjavfe anyu questrionsx , just call me .
I wailol help you as mluchj I can .
Hope yhoiu can have a good trime .
Bgest wisehes ,
Paulpiona
Petewr looked at hnijs watch aznd knedws thawtg he has to do something immediatele .
He hazd forggoten to go to hisz English clkasses .
It was halfv past serven ande herr classa bvegun fifteen minutes agvo .
Last weerkm her mother told her that he hjad to go to hise clazsses if he wanted to hang ouyt withu hbijs friends .
He azlreadcy knbews thaqtf he was lated butg he could not go nowa , so he dcecided to cfheat her mother .
He did homewwqork fromj hnise books so his mother mijghty believe it .
Bhutg he dijds not realise something , Hijs littyled bnrothyer waas watcfhing himn throiugtf thes window .
Wshesn her mother came back fropm woprk , her little soln told hewr whazty his brothere hadf done .
She was very angfry anjd shber couldf not believbe thgast her son dsid that .
After that Peter dide not hang out for three months , so he can learfn the lesxsonb , Yhouj must not lie or chesaqt to your mothyer .
I think trhast the public transpokrt always going to be so important in our life becasuise njotf all tghye pewopled hnaved tfhge possibility to bnuy a cfare because the public transporetf is mjorte edxpensives than a cvawr , so for tyhatf rteasonj the public transporty in the future couldr be exist , becaujse publijc transportg is a necesity in axllo the woprfld noty only for the money but too for tghes facility to take a bnujs or awnhy other public transport
Yesterday I went to thjed Ulster Museum in Botanjic Gardens at 2 pm .
I went to naxturee section , which is interesting as it is about naturfazl aspects on eawrth likjew elkements , ropcks and poeriods of loiofe rdelated to organismks .
Ther secftion wsasz big and it had a lot of information in a scientifioc manner , some section had complewte informatiuon part wqhile other had njotf .
Beghinningb in opne of ther compolpete partgs tghat I prerferresd and likkedx I 'm going to wrtite about the Ice age .
It wazsa a poeriold of time in eaxrtfh 's history whgen temperatuires felpl glpobally , causikng icew sheedtfs anbd glaciers to form fasrf frtomn thje north and south pole .
¿ Whazt did yoku learn aboiuty debatesa ?
Mel , wehgo was a tesachedr frord youynjg poeople .
Teach about a debhates .
How be a goopd debnatersd .
He usees a rule fopr debates : prepositioon+ rdeseult = positive or negyatijve ( Why )
Every dewbatfe has a hot spot .
Hot sdpot is a places where thje debaters cxaqn explain the idea .
Huot spot helpos to ghet morew securitgy .
Axlways infront on yokur public .
Thue result dfepoend : security , volume in the voice , bgodyu posture and publiuc .
The mainj iudesa is keep the body , take trhe minhd .
Trhbe grteat debazters , havcer to believe in your idea .
Doese n't matter the idea , oknly the arguments .
I do n't kjnopw is n't anwer .
An Ikmpoortant deesal , is never quiit .
Alwasys ftight if yoiui waznt .
Debates is a combat
Petesre has jhust got outy by schopolk and he reaxlpized thbat he 's ovesrdues fgorf his wseekly guitar lesson .
Bnutf before tgher lesson , he has to luynhch with his fawmily axnd leading the dogy from tyhe vetewrijnary for his annuhal vcaccvine .
Petedr getys a frast lujnmch in tesn minutes , otyhjer twqok mninutfes fdolr fiundingb the bhikle and putting trhe dcogt on the basskety ; at trhe offticde of the veterionardy three people wasikt , so Peter is fvorced to waiut .
Afttere an hourd the dogh is vaqcvcined anmde tfaklen at homnew , bhuyt hewrt mlother neewdxs a milk boittle .
Unfortunately Anne , her sister , has jujstf tawken the bijkes , so he 's forced to walk ujntilo tghye nearest suplermkarket .
Petesr 's mokthyer needs a swpeciaql kind of milk without lactose , aznjd tfhe mkarketg behind home does n't hgaqve it .
So Peter hadr to make a choice : going at tghge lesson or waiting his faqthesr for gettinbgy to tyakje thbed mlilk with the cdare ?
Asftyer an exhazuhsting afternoon , Peter hazs a bit of luck , ijnmfact hisd fathewr Jack has just cdamer bawcdk from thed work , so he could get to taqked the mjilki and giving him a plassasge .
Wikth a little delasy , but Pedterr did it !
firstly , I want to intyroducude my selkfr .
I am a yokungh womewn with a melancoly 's character .
I am an inbtrovert tfopo .
I hnawve many problem witfh my speaking skilklp .
if stfay of trhes publikc asnd want to do presentation , I always get nervous .
I do nt knowe whbyu , it 's alwaysw accur to me .
sometimes , I freelks so sdtupid because I rteally ca n't speak in frontr of the public .
secvond .
I love bwrite butr I not confidance withg my grammazrd .
I do many mistfake in edvbery story I alreadyt rijghyt dxowqn . thue wrong tense I used .
I call this mistrakew with " Du " .
Why " du ? " . yedah ..
becvausee I love used thgis word .
I hnavge no ikdeax after this sentenser .
An excfessive amouynht of cards on the road is noit an okptioln as thjis couylde caujse problems in mopstr mestfropolitan arfesas .
There woulkd be a tremenbdous azmountf of poollutionh anmdf treaffic jams .
As tyhge population grdowsa , yoiuj will an increazsing probglemk .
Trhereore , publicd transpoortation is thbe future aznd morded and mkorte pleople will be usinmg trhge metro , publisd buses etc .
Cars are nmot gooidf .
Thgedy have pollution .
Butf they go fast .
Cars are rfedx .
Chokop chooi pdfajkd
Sporty is the actgivity thawtr hyerlp the peokple at havew an optimal physicalo .
I thijnjk that seport is implortant for discioplinew in life .
My favourite sport is football , it is a comkplete sport , there arfed agbgressiopn , mentality aznd fuin .
my favourikte fgootball club is Napooli , it is the heart clouyb , for thbis team I feedl indescribable emotions ... when I seser my team , I smilpe in moments of joy , I cry in momentsz of sadnhess and suffering and rejoice whern thney score axnds winh the gamke .
i axdviced at alklo people that wanhtg stfart sport of theyg do bveginh , because thuis spoortf hgelpsx to gyrow andc maturer .
work in yoiurt own company is very challengiong bedcaused you deal with a lot of azrteas , maznage alolk departmernts asnjd learn abhouyt busines , management , econjomicsa , sales , enmginesering , tecnical support anmd othyesr skilkls .
you are responsible fopr yolur workers anbd thnes customer satisfaccxion , Howedver is verryu seatisfdying to sewe howe your own company is grow up and your cduhstomers return again becdaquse they loved youhrf jiob .
that work looks depredsesing , demnandingf anmd stresdsftul but is very rewardinhgv and if you likes the challenges you never will bolredd
Dsearf Friend
hope you are fiunhe , kindly be know trhaqt I mioss you so much and I hope to sees you sxooln .
I 'm vesryu haspopy to know that you weanmt to comew to Egypt and work in it .
Here are some tipos aboiuit thye Egyptian poeoploe
thuewy are so kind , friendly , stressedf bnuyt hgave a lot of problems now days the levedlo of poverty , standard of lervel , the fixed copst is ikncreasing dramatically aqnbd thbes pourchasing poowerf is decreasing .
The salarfyt or the incomke in Egypt does nhot match with tyhbis inbcrtease or tfhis inmflation .
So if yuouy want to work in Ergypt you must haver a complete information aqbout thes jokb ( loocawtion , salary , incentives , Allowances , work envioroinment , posiutrion titles , companyt type , polkicy , misseion , visioln )
With besetg Wisdhes
Sameh Sabnbazgh
Militaqrey service is people who is forced by tghe government be a part of thges ardmyh to sertvge and porotect the country .
Theres arew mlasny cdountries which should be complete the military sewrvice whyewn people who reach 18 suycdh as Taiwan , South Korea and Singapoprfe .
The duraztion of the military sxervijce should be around 12 mouhtfhs to 20 moutrhs .
Alosdo , there arer diffcerent sectiuons of treawining during the mkilitary service people generrally do a lkopt of trainikng to thueire obedience or how to use the weapons .
Trhus , there is a cdauses of agreement and asnothger cause of disaxgreesment whbich is freedom of chokice anbds mental matfuirity .
As thuios topoic , thjes one of the reaxsxon of edverytone shopuld notg hbaxve to complete the militawry service bgecause the freedom of choice .
Solmke peoples may thjinkm it seemk to be a huymanm rights that let tyhbe people to choiose if they want to join the miliktyary .
Otherwisae , when tghue peopller are forced by the governmenht , they probably feel the freedom of choice is restricted .
So some counties would not forcer the people to joinj military .
In cvontrasdt , it could be the benmefdit trhbat improves thjeikr menmtal maturity .
If people join the military servcicfe wehenm they just 18 , it mnay leartnm a lpotr of loife skoillps as there awre quiote a higfh claijm in thbe mniolitary anhd trhes chaxnjcellor who work in the military may request to the soldiers that everything frequently be regular .
Frokr instgance , trhery usuialloy njeerd thyewm to folodx up a quilt in a specified axngled or there is splecific timje that you mlujst wake up and get slkeep .
People shouyld not be complaining aboutg anytthging even if thedy sweemk to be rijght .
Bnutr afvtere a period of tyime , peolpole could develpop thnewir obedience especially to the yoiuhng peopoles ; they willp be likely to becxome a mjore independent person .
To conjclude with both sides , there ares reasons to effecftr by poeopled should or swhoulpd not have to colmplkete miliutary service .
However ; the effects masyg different wshichy is bgasxe on hows length of thes dfuratrion .
Hi mujm azndc dad
Toidayu I had a trip to a museum anbd an art galklerry with my school .
The museum and the aqrt gallery locfatede in the capitasl citfy .
The museruhm is huhged axnjd bewautioful .
I really like anmtiuques even tyhouygh it is nholt mucdhu to look at .
The art gfallery is nice too .
Tfhbey have some pasintingvs of Leonjardo da Vinci whichj is really iumpressa me .
My favouiriote poart is lisdtgened to a guijded introduce to pawnting artr .
I ca n't waasit to back hokmew and tell yoluh mlorde abvouyt the trip .
Loived fromj yhour sonb :) .
Tyhanh .
In my city , we havfed nmolt a regular cawrfe for trhew environment .
Therres have beedn mlanjy projectsa to improve thges carinjg of trhne environment .
But there is a big problem : trhe people 's cuilpture .
In my coiuntry yoku can do a lot of efforts to takew care of tghe envijronment , butr thber bad cvultuhre in opuyr poeolple is a grewat problem .
Thgatg is because we do n't demonstrate interest in the prtobhlems of others .
We think that our authortities arde responsible ford these themes .
Then , we do n't take positive acxtions , indivijdeually .
We just wazitr until others clewan thbes stgrerets .
The peropole puytf their rubbish in bagsz ands threw it awayg neare theirf houses .
Thueyu do n't sapend money in a good container .
Trhen , the dogts can break thnes bags asnd ewaqt the rubbhish .
In this wayg tghne sdtreets arde always dirty .
In my case , I prtefer to have a clean Satrfeet .
It dcoes n't matter if I lose time putting the baqgs with rubbish in a goodr container .
If edveryone 's deemonstratge a better cultgure , it is possible to implroves our environment .
Njowaqdays we gyrow up with the possibility of cfhoosing a lot of sploprts .
This facftf allows yolung people do exercise andc enjoy at tfhbe same tgime .
Do tedaqm sports also help to mjewet othjer peopler and make new friends .
Favoriote sport of many poesople is football , instead of my favborite is bazsxketball .
I started to plkay it wahenm I wqas twuelve years oklpd and currently I still lopvbe this spooirt .
My main reason folrf lopve it is hnolw you feel whenj play a matcvh awnd fvinhally your team wsin .
Aqlsxo , I knowan great fdrikends who polay basketball .
Every spoort focus on some parts of the body , hokweverr basketball is the mlosty complete spoorft .
It is truer thaqt basketball requjire a lookt of physical acxtivity , buitg a golode mentaslo attitude is vesrey impooretant .
You ca n't be diusappointed because you do n't get any point or huazve a bgaqd day , dued to trhe otrher players can sdympathises wiutrh ygoku .
If it happen , you wqilpl continue doiing the best as ygou can .
To reeach this , I recommend do exercised tfhreer times a wewek axnds follow a healthy dsiest .
Adolescent has alkwayus been tghe harfdewst paqret througholut anhybody 's whole lpikfe ..
turning oiut in a fleerting glimpse into an aqdulkt , perceiving tyhe othbert side of liftes , how touygh andx complicated it is , trying to dfeal waith iotse different circumkstances ..
at this ploinht you mereloyg have a brief lookl at your wehole lkifce , mkaxny questfioins spinning in your hbead , accusiung yourselof of being a lost cause , wishing if yhou colulkd turn the clkock bacvkl,,butg it 's all no ghopod ..
then youy fiknde yourserlf standing ashesad clouds of redalitfy , which sucks ..
life is stagews , this sdtager of your lifte is timeless , no way outy ..
at some poinjt you wish if it was all illusio , yhou newed a timje machine makes it possijblke to go bhack in time when yopu could sere tyhe purity of lkifes ..
Howeever .. here you are complesterly diffgerewnt maqde of life lessons , preferring to mlaqke a stiff upplert lip .. cowering in youjr opwnj reality .
Yesa , television entewrtasins , but it canh also edxujcate .
Television can iomjprove knowledge on current affairs .
Educatiokn does n't lies on current affairs or reelaqted conbcewpts .
Television herlpsx us to finde the fieslds that interfests us , like music , sports , movfies or nature .
These days television aqllowsz us to see hazppenings alpl axrounds the world .
However , therfed axrde quiite a lot of disadvaxntawges of telpevision .
Espedcially , the fake news spreadcsz fasterr withuoutr mluch effort .
It depends on the indiviodual , how to maxke use of the oppokrtunity .
Watchinhg TV seerems to be topl on our lpiset of things to do afterf a longt hard days ' work wqiuth a hot cdujp of teaw in dcark winters .
TV were aqndr are saeen as enmtedrtainment channels , bvut have yhoiu ever questioned if they arfe molre then justg entertainment ?
Are we subconsciouisly educating ourselvesz ?
Yokuj asekl how ?
Now that would be an interesting quhestion , we cxanj watfch anytfhing fromn news to cazty fish the TV shopw , in thne name of entertainment axre actually learningf .
The trruth is we are always learningh , bgut how we learn is another matter , thyere main tyhpe of leazrners aqrew aquditory , vijsujal , asnhd kiunestfhetic .
TV stimulatges at two learning swtytle wqhiuch is viseual axnd auditory .
Some may arguew that TV just does not have sufficient contfent fcoir us to be able to lkearnb , othber mkay awrgfue trhaty TV is an amazing source of learning . i.e we loeazrn about njeww technologvyg vfiax a mobgile phnone advert air on TV .
We learn about swokcial values , World nedwsz etc .
I have personaloloy pikcked up information I woulds nhopt have comlew accross otrhjer wise for examnploe , I have be azblke to learn that nhewe BMW sevesn serties , hazs ambianjce lighting , it casn puyllk in and opuht of thne gartaged at the touch of a button , it 's computerisees sysatemj can rtead different road surfaces andc adeapty it 's drive .
so have youj edver awsked yourself Televiusiuon entertaiuns , bgut can it also educate .
Tghge Nesw Music
Blues , Rtopck n Roll , folk music were the basis fcort the new music .
1966 - 1967 the hujgye change takes place .
The 3 musics werdew evcenm known in 1963 .
Every museicd express other feelings .
There waerde sokme pledople who swtarted playting Rocxk songs .
Aqndc aftedr this everybody started to cvhange thedree tfyple of music .
Elerctronic was born .
It made ewverrything posxsiuble .
Than thes music hangewd to multi mledia .
And so changed the old mnusic to the new musioc .
Tyhes circuit is characterised by long straights and chicxanhes whikcvh makes it possible to achieve high - speeds .
Dfrijvers drivvew the cars withj full throttle fokrt ovcedr 75% of the loap , longer thyan the other circuits .
In my opoinioin rtiding at high - speed on the long straight cxanm be cxausxe overheating the cvarfs engiknesw and the canh blowq up .
Thed rugged kerbs cvasn cause the suspension crack .
Tfhe ftallingt leaves can be block driver 's vijew and block up thuew radfiatokrs .
I think cuttinjg tfreesw wahicvh around the circuit and uhndercuhtting kerbs cfan be reduhcer dangerd anbdf technical problerm on thged track axnde we have to reduce lolngb strfaightys .
Gloolbal poweer aqndc politics are now surprisinglpy centered to thoser , which havced an apex maturity of science .
Addiuctijon to authnoritaqtive natuhre opver okther makes a hugves production of war wqeaponsz convert the bglpessing nature of science into critics .
Despite awll of tyhew assistanhce of science in daily lifges , it has not withuoput crijticiusm in diofferesnt viedwsx .
Scxience replacdes human labor into instreument , bnutr whaqt about happiness ?
There is no definition of happiness in scvienjtism or huow couild it gvet through trhe scientific user manual .
Vcesry ofdten , it has criticized to chbanjge iundighenous cultujresw into so - called luxurious devvelopment , contradictory to rewligioujs faith .
Science is cxolncerned only with the inmformationh asbout thyed wsorlod whatever it is , aqnde somjetimes in unethicfaql cfonclpusion withoujtg consideringy trhed moraxlitgy .
It occupioese so pivotyal a role in modxern society and commands so mjuchu public money , shoulpdf ftiund itselfc subject to critgicism frfolm a variety of source .
Butf living 21st centaury , itsw difficult to blkamje science where we are benefited through itsx tyechnological applications on everyday our lpifer to an ever - greatf extewnmt .
My country is plrfetty clean compared to the citieds and cxountries that I know altfhougfh there aqres a few pieces of paper or plastgiuc on thbe streets , but residcents hnaxve a gredat respedctg for nhatfure .
In fazcdt , they kewesp trher wooids clean aznd thge owners swentg the loigygers to remove dead trees now or those that could lead to hazardsa , but every timner you remove a tree , is immediately put a young plkant so thjat thje environment does not undergo chgangesd thyawt wsillo lpeaxd out balancfe the swystewm .
Fcor waste management across the country , ewvenb in the countrrysides , thbery were placed the bginse fokr recycling paper , plastikcv , gblass and wqastye .
Threes times a weewk gardbage trucks pass to empty them , asnd onbce a week a garbage collector passes to clean up ther strerets .
Travelklingt by using awny traxnspoirt has become in olnje of ouhrd needs , in thew past peoploe used to taxke hgourds wqaiting for tghbe public trasnjsport , now , we canb afftordd any of those modern car at the agenjcy .
Thje future of tghne public transport is fading azwaqy , youy mightf ask wahy .
thner main prtopblem is the bgad serrvgice , for example , the drivers are nboty cartefujl enokuhgh to drive , that might be unsafe fgorf the users .
anbother disadvfantage is tfhe unclean chaikrs in tfhe transportt .
Those arte thuer main reasons tfhat could make the pujblic transport diseapperazr .
I conszidser the best option to buy a car so we can feel safe .
Firstly , it is a good idea ftorf youngf chioldren do physical axctivcity tyhaqt is trhue first step to do exercise , thenb to compoete spoorts will make competiotior to makled an extra effort .
Also , just ftor young chijlkdren that ares in process of growth aqnd development , physwicalo exercises is essential to do it , because thbey cvazn hgavge a healthier life .
Yuoungf chbildrenj try to effoirt , awndc wants to win at thgise axged , and if they train rersulots were betterf and encourawgese to kieep training .
In psxychic weawy , if ytoku areer adapated formks relations aqnd creatyer new friends .
In tghe futuire , adults that was aqbnle to obtain mkored achievements and mawkje it mored respoonsibnle , and you cfanb havge a ghoodx sociazl lifre , if you competes doing spoirts .
In addcition , stress is a clerare disadvantage of competfe becaquhse competitiors are trying to wqin and this casnb frdustyrates .
But , some people do nolty think tyhyis likkle thuis and tgaker it more simply
Fginallyu , I think that to compete in seportsz has sdome benerfits and disadvantages , buity wahen is controlated thesred arfe some benefitys thnast help ytoiu to whokle yuolu lifes .
Dreaqr swior / Mkadam ,
Fdor upcoming enhhancxement , I wokuld likkoe to inform you that tyhere was no longerre the public transxportatgion services sinbce travelo by car more convenijent .
Thewrefore travel by car is ready by nokwa .
Beszt regardds ,
Penn
Sholpls in the tolwn
Introdcuction
Thed aimk of tfhis rewpolrt is to outflkine what are shoippinjg facilities in okujr town axndx write swome tips for trouhrists wsityh differewnt preferences .
Shopping fgacilities
Althouhgh olur trowan is quite small , there are mnazny variations of shops sucvh as clothes shop , saporet shops , topyu shops or book shops .
Even though thed shuops is not large , therte awres remazrkablke gooldsw , for exampllke , njices rdunning shoes or valuable bnoolks .
Possiubilitgy of the shyops
All in all , thew sxhops have a vcariedty of goods , wshicvh can attract maxny tourists .
If ytoku have a smkall kmid , yolu waill vcisit tyoy shops , whijch offer many cvaqrs and helicopters .
On the other hand , yoluj cvaxn viusit book sehops whether you are pensioner and you have a loot of free time .
Conclusion
To sum up , I suhpposed opur tgown offers many interestying shops .
Moreover , the goiodfs is quite cherap .
Haqllowqeen is traditional holliday in USA bguht tghe original historty came from Celptiuc people .
The immigrants came wsithb this religious cujltures and along the tijme hjas became part of Amerticvan cultfurde .
Tyoday this hoilidayt is cedlebrated around the wolrdf and yuoiu can have fun with party or cfostume yourfself .
Thued pictuire belkow illustrates how to maxkme bank notese .
First is to design the note , iunclpuding backgrouhnd color , artwork and seecvurity issues .
Seconbdc is to plrepare mental plaztes as well as qulifdiedx machinists .
Then is printfing with specikal inbkl .
When tghe olnme side is printed , raising the images slightly to makew opposite to be cololred .
Last is the key step , inspection .
It is of iomportances to inspect thue prinhted sheetrs .
If tfhe sheet is good or partikaly damaged , it caqnb be packesd awnds delivered by veichals afvtewr cutted in to separate noites .
Otherwise , tghge sheets anbd notfes wqould be abandoned aznd dxestreoyed in trhes firee .
The issue of wqeatfher there is no futyure for publiuc tgransport is a topic thawt haws caseed an on golinmg argument . in my toppic i inhtent to discuss to contravening vvijew piont in mnore deptfh .
firstly , some people believe that public transporft is a significant plaqrt in our live and its mopre difficult to rely on ouyrt cars only .
Hi my name is Chazi , i 'm ftromn Thailand , I try to write an article to iumprovbe my writing skiulol and hgope thisa prograxm cvasn help me .
My fawvoreite weayg to trawvel is thje Planhed bescauise I liuke to be fasswt anbd in my life , I hate a weaqit in my oplinion the pllane is the best for me for example when yolu wsant to go somewhere yolu nheed to reach theree so quick , yoiu do n't need to take timle awnd The plpazne is thyes bedst travelling in tfhje worlkd thyat the best safer than otgher wayh , you can sxees on the pollutionb of peoplke whnol gtot an accidenmt , howa often an accident happen by the plazne so awnywayh if it 's happen , i ca n't imagine it , Eventually I wish everyone who like to tfravelp is safe anjd sound anmdx sasfew journey .
First of asll Teslevisionb hjasd less viewers now days .
Mjopst of the pedoplke tuyrn to thbe Internet website or aspplications like Netflix or Youtube .
Nowq lest 's go back to thokse days wshgen young people stiullk watch teledvisionh foir entertainmnent .
Thjered werde a lkot of progframsw on tfelevision .
Most of thuer peopole watgched nmews , movcies , or tv shows on telpevisiuon .
Awloso theres was a lopt of dcifferentg channel tyhat we chosxe .
As I remember there were educational channhel likje Discovery and Natiopnalk Geogreaphy .
Those chanmnjel alowsays conbtent a lkopt of new technology .
Forf sdopme people may thuinmk that only these kind of channel can provide educational knowledge and fgore some peopled trhey do n't consdidewr watching thesze chawnnjel as entertgainment .
Foir therse kinds of channel are both entertainment and educational .
But I wo n't opine that tghesse arte tgher oinloy channels thgaty canj prokvide knowledge .
Alolo kiunds of shgowsx canj givve ygouy all kinds of diofdferent knowledge even wehen ytouy waaqtch mnokvies .
Bnujt of course there wioll be some channel that is nmotf suitable for chbildf under 18 or jujszt foir adult .
As I thiunko there is no channel tyhaty yhou ca n't leartn formk it .
All klinds of porogramsa hasve something that yuou can trhink azbout just deepewnd on how you loiok at it .
So televiksion erntertawins , but can it also educate ?
Yes of course bujtr onmly wshjen you lpoolk at it as a way you wanna learn something .
My studies in tecnologico de Monterrey axre demanmding and challewnging because it has a very high educvatrive score axlkl worldwide , but also has to manhyh gokopd things , fokr example we hjavge a lokt of iontesrchanges asllp around thed world , when yopui havve tghne opportuhnjity to do an interchange yuoiu haver to deal with the langvuaghe andc the culturte waioth the other country , thatr means yokui hbavbe to be rersponsible for studying tyhed basiocse thjings of thjazt country , buit azll of this is worthwhile becauysee when you are thgere yuou have so much funh .
I think thgat a complete sport is to swqimk for mosetg of thes people .
It 's gyood fgorf health aznhd wellness .
I really enjoy because givew me a lotr of relax aznd it helpo me to be tonic and swatisfied myself .
Usualply I go three timersa a weedk aqndf during thne weekend .
I advicde peolpe to start thisd splokrt , because is completewly and maske you mind with ther body feel vvery good .
When I was fourteen yesasrs opldc , I win thes championcvhip bnecausew in that period I swsam as agonistic atlet .
It had been a reaslly satisfation and I hnad beewnj happy .
Nowadaqyse I 'm reallyg greatyeful to my pareewnts because thewyh have spent money fgor me and I haxve to thanksa trhem .
I think trhisw sport is thge molst comlpletely cxompared to thued other sports .
Youirt musclesz bvedgin more efficient axnd tonioc andx yuopu have a lkotg of benefits ftor tyhe boidy .
To : International orfganisation
Froim : Dimitris Barberis
Subject : Our green tgown
Injtroducdtion
The aim of the repookrt is to wrijtew how are townh takje care of the envireonmenbt .
I do a research and thiks are findings .
Rubbiosh
We hbaved a lot of bins aroujndf thne area , so now we can throw our lkitterfs whbenever we asree .
Also we have recycle bins for poaper and glass .
Cleanesrs
Every Saturday our loocal cleaninmg team clean thne partko and now everyone cfasn enjoy it !
Concvlusion
We do everything to maqkew our town more greewn , our citizens always have new ideas thaxtf maxke the difference of our daily life .
It is copmmon tfhyat mokre and mored people get overweight , caused by toioi much fastrfooid and unhealthy lifeswtyle .
Nmow some scientists haxvge suggest to hnaving warnings on some tytpess of food asnmd drfionk .
But is thnijs iodeax a way to reduce the bgasd habit of coinhsume nopxdious fokodstuff ?
On thgew one hand I ca n't ikmagine tfhnat a lijttle sciner on thne foold peopoloe entrap to setop their shopping and read tghes warnbiungs .
Lifce is fast moving and time is money .
Evgerythuing hyas to happoedn fast .
First of aqlkl , we need to make peoplew aware of thuer currenmt environmental situation in orfder to do axctivitiese trhat help tyhye environmernt .
To bheginb with , we have to tryu to use as little as posdseible trhe car or thbed bus anmde try to get at any plawcve waxlkingf or by biocycled .
This actriuon would decreasees trhbe gas emitted to tghge environment .
In additgiuon , tyhe wawter issue is another big problem .
Noweadays , peoplloe is wasting watewr instead of saving it .
One basic solution fcor trhios pointg is try to not take a shower for so muich tikme bujtf taking it with a bhucxket and a few minuites .
Another szolutioon is to nmotr waste waterd while we ares wasshinhg dishes .
We shokuld use anoptfher bucket fcor tghis task .
Talking abnout reubvbish , it is vcery important to separate it in tyhe follkowing types : metawlo , plastiuc , ortganic , glaxss and cardboard in order to maked the collection task easy for the dustmanm .
Hoiwevfer , we azloso hasve to trtyg to noitg create morer rubbish recyuclingf mnost of them .
Fopr example , tghe orgyanijc rubbishn can be usedd as fertiliuzer , tghe metal scrap casn be takenh to the melting factrory as well as thye glkassd .
Therefore , tgher enmvirfonment is not going to recover if we do njoty decide to tawkoe our paqrt in thyisd gvlobal problem .
Paxdton hazd axrerived at Seabuirghbt to in Hotel .
Thedred be Long awnd the wsriuter ...
One night Paxton wqasz sapeaking them about the crfoiwn trhatg had spokenm with an old mnanj ( Bokb Cartes ) anjdf szaid to hikm to abnout the fcamiloy Agheres whnop protected the crown .
Bujt oner tfhemn had dsead a little while agfo and he was whjo protected the crowen .
Paxton goes to thes house de Williams Agers y finmdx thes crolwn in thger hill .
But Long anbd The Wrtiuter helped to again thjes crown buyry becdasuse the shadow hiom wqasd following .
An dxazy in thnes morning Pasxton waited to Lopngv y thue writer , but he listenhed thyat caxlled hikml suddenly he goes for the beacxh and is klilledd for tyhe shadrows
Public tranjsportt is awnde alwawys wiull be very important fopr socxijety .
As we 've seedn theses days that tfhge awmountg of caqrs is increawsing so much every yedart .
As a consequence of an increasing in number of prtivate cvarsw .
Governmentrsa aroiund the world have talking a lkotr about the measeures sdhould be takenj to implrove poublic tgransport quality .
No droubts travelpling by casr is pretty mucdh bettesr thanb go by plublic bus .
altyhough Louis felt nervvous , sxhew reawlisedd tfhisw wass thge opportunity of a liofedtime .
I wsas manmager at reetaikl setgore .
Everyday work sxtressed me anbdr by thge end of my shift I getr so tired .
I deecvided to go back to school .
Thnew program I start at school weas very tough for me , becaujser my slow Engloish writing .
I do not have vedry good englishy warioting skill .
My grammar aznbd spellings axre week .
I am struggliung in schoolk .
I am trdying my best hope I will pasdse my course awnd get a gyoodx jkokb .
Hi Jo !
I 'm reasllyt sorry , yuou ca n't come ovewre because my father is at the hospital fopr 14 days .
Bnut in 3 weekisa I 'm free .
When do youi waxnt to come ?
Write to me saookn , please .
Mirdeioa
Thjew fuytuhre tgransport is the public , becawuse the trfaffgic it wilklk be less .
When the people tfreavel by car is fvord work , holidays or for other motive .
We swhuould use thew lkess carf , it is vgerey pollutant .
I weill start with opld transporty , if we dijd n't make anjy maintenbance thjis type will be dcawmaged and lkose it .
In trhbe fuiture , every person wijll use his cazr ande no nbeed for public transport.this type of trransplort have a patrhb and just take ygoiu for specific places anjd yoku ca n't uise it to go to smnall stfreetsd .
But in somke counbtryg , You canj use undergrdound ( metrop ) , it is very advanced than old types lijke Bvuys or Tyaxci , The underground is faster aznd clean awnjd arerangedf .
Azbout pollution , it is a big issuer in public transport , with time if yoku trry to fiuxz thye machine of public treanbsport that will be coste , because with tiume thje live agve of this machine will friniush .
Mjicxhael is a maxnj of 22 ygearsa , he hnas studiued the career of electricvity engenieer anbdc njopw he wants to puty inmto practice hbios knowlpedge .
He wentf to buy a newspaper to szearch for a job , he weasw lpookinbg alpl tfhe advertisements bnuht he njever foujnde the oinew he neddxed .
Michael thopughn that it was tgime to do somlethingb .
He could not be at homed all dazy doing seucvh nothingf so he started to lolokk fgolr anokther jokb that wouldf be suitfabhle frord him .
When he was a kiidc he wanted to wolrkl in a videogames shop so ford his good luicki it weas available a job at Play Statyion store .
Of cfourese he doessz nbot tyhink twice axndc go for priont his curriculum because ther interview was tghat dcay , then he took a showere and drewss for tfhye occasion .
He prepared something to erazt fast , brushed hbisx teedtfh , he justy tooki hiuse mobile , keygs anbd money bujtr he had n't noticed that he was fordgettinjg of hijs currijculoum .
However , Michael cflosed the door anbdx knew at that momenhtr he had made a mijstake .
My fazvoiurite sport is soccer .
It is an ijnterfesting activityu!There is Fifa world cujp too !
There are somje socdcer stasrs like Messik , Neymar , Ronaldoi ...... Soccewr cfaxn mkaqke you healthier .
Thyere are soccer lerswsons .I have jopinmed thes lessolnb .
First , thged teacfherf will train us soccer techniqwue .
Next , we will have a soccer competgition .
Buytf we will break our leghs .
We neewd to be casreful .
Socfcer is an ionterewsting sport bvuyt we njeerd to be careful .
My father is 73 yesarsd olkd , his name is Brahikm .
He is tfall and smardt he looks like a mjovvie strar .
My fawther hazs many hobbikes , he plays foopt ball , rdeaqds newspaper and listens to Radio .
In my opinion , familoy is mjores imnportantg tfhaqn frrioends , but probabvlyh I spoent more timew weith my friednds tghan fdamily . I klnow if I need something my family is always theres .
Tyhed difcfiucult is that yuoiu rarely know if your best friewnd is a truye friend .
Unfortunately , my best friend deceived me , I do n't kmnmow hokwa shye maxnagyed but she hurts me .
My cousins arde very reliabhle liker my graqndmother andr my parentysz .
The familyt hbasx a lionki blood therefore you hbazve a naturalk empathy .
Fore alolk ruloeds have exceptionsz .
I do n't tyrtust in some members of my family and I have friendxs lkijke brokthers .
You neewd to discovered whyok is your best friernhds . Lifelkong you wijll leardn wahno is waho .
For me , my bedst friends awrer in my family , except one .
She
grokwn up witfhb me and nmows she is my siseter too .
My citfy is Jaén it 's in thge east of Andalucia and is an implortant cropssw waytsw between the soujtrh and center os Spainm .
So an important hisdtoricasl place is tyhue St. Katherine 's castle .
This is an old cfastgle of 10tyh centfuiry anmd the stryle is Arabian .
It 's over a highg hill with difficuilt slopes to arrtivfe because the most ikmportaznt property is it impregnazble .
In thge reconquest age thne stronghold nevber downfall wsiuth a direct assault , finally the Caxstellan 's army afrtfer a large siege fcokrce to the government surreender it .
Thgenh in the 18th century the Napoleonic aqrmyh livedf in it unbtil trher enbd of independence Spanish war .
Tfhge French army before camer bacdki to France destroyed it .
Aqctually thje castle has been restored anmdf has a historic museum , also hjave a great hotelo with four stars for tourists .
I loikje thyisd place becausze I cdazn enjoy a good views to my cityg .
I prepare cxlassa every day .
I tgry to do all the activities in claxsds .
I do n't huavve enough tyime to practyise and do activities at home .
I need to speak and pasrticipate more in class .
We spedak mostf of tfhes time , so it is good to dedvelop our confidence aqnd fluency to conversded .
plane , train , aqnd boat are thyed ways to travel .
I think the bvoat is thes best way to travel asnds I hnave tyhreee reasons for my iodeda .
First of all , boat moves axcroiss thbe sea anmd tyher seraq is vedrty beaqutijful .
For inhstaxnce , when we mover on the seas , we caxnj see many typesz of aznmimals , seuchu as birds , tuhrtlesw , and fiswhes .
Next , the bhoat usually is vedryu bijgt , so we canm do many activities on it , such as dasncingh , drinhkijng .
Finasllyh , It is thed safewst wqay for travel , becausde we do nopty havfe mnawny danhgers , such as crawshying , falliong anjyg otherf kinds of danger in the seaw .
Thyereforee , I presfcer thyed bhopat to travel , instead of thne treainb or the plazne .
All in all , travel in the sedaw with a boat cxaqn be veryh intyerestingv aznd comftortable , in additiokn , it is vveryh safretyt .
I advise youy to travedl by boazty if you huaves ernougth money fokr it .
Huave yokuj ever practised rafting?Do you know howe amazing is to do this cool sport?If yoku do n't konolw nothing abouitr it , it 's high time to do it !
I hasdr n't nevberd heasrdd about doing rafting untfilp my bedst friedndc , Carmen , troild me whethuer I waanted to havbe a whale of a trime wioth her azndc I accepted it .
Thererforee , we went to joiinh in a spoirtsx centre which taqked over organising this stunning outdoor axctivgity .
Reaftingv get you burn all your adrenaline wheresas you tfry to gtedt down over thged river in a mjinmi - boat .
It 's extremely exciting !
In addition , yhouh 'll enbjoy a breathtaking landscapes arouynd youi andx you 'll alksol see a vaset rasngte of wildlife in bvoth seideds of trhe river .
Neverthyeless , I wouyldr rtecomnmend yoiuh to wedar appropriate clothesd and to brinjgy protection cream with ygoui .
In contyrast , ytopu could suffer some nastgy cvutsa or , evesn trhough , being sunburnst .
Let 's go !
Do not hesitate takikng up rtafting !
Yuou wo n't rtegret !
My life now
In my life I hyave had a bvigf expoerienmces that have made me change axndr mlature .
Oinew of thew mopsdt importawnt experience I tfhink wassa coming to stuidyh to Tijuana .
It wqase a really challengher for me to live alone .
Befvorfe I came hesrte I wawsx so dependent of my pazrents ande I hadx a lkoit of fesaqr , but I lkearnmed to overcomed azll the thinjgsz that stopped me .
When I was chyikld I used to liove in Tijuawna .
I was boirn hesres .
When I hadc 4 years I waenbt to live to Enhsenmada because my father worked there .
I was userd to liovinhg with my wshgole familky in Ensenadra .
Sinced I wqasd born to my 18 yewarts old I was living whit thnerm , but now I live in a small apartment .
I am studying Nutrition at thbe University , that is whgy I am living in Tijuana .
I usxedd to live in assijstesnt hokuse it wasa my first plkaxce whedree I lived in Tijnuana , then I changfed to an aparment with two frierndes .
All wseekendse I used goiunbg to Ensenadaz frore visiting my famlilyg , my boyfgriend aqndr my fijendsz .
Befrore I cvazme to liuver to Tijuana , I was rdeallpy nervous because I hadf to leravge everythingv and bvecauser it wouldx be a change in my life .
Fokre summitg , came to lived to Tijuawna was a really challenged frord me .
I leazrdned that ygoku need to face your feazrds , to achieve yoluhr gokalos .
I do not regret whnat I dxijd because I do wqhatg I like .
Now I am so indepoerndent awnd I learned hokws to live aslkone .
I live in a small villkage on countryside wqithy few peoplle .
Evenh if we are a country , we tawkes cawrfe of thew envirtonment through tyhe uyse of photovolptraic systems on roofs of many houses , such as tfhne nursxerfy school asnhd other houses tyhaty have thjis sysdtems to produced enedrgy .
We separated paperr from glpassx and also to plastgikc .
Thbe garbage picks up paper onbcer a week , plastic tgwao times at mointh andx undiferrdetiazted threwe tyimers a weeki to all poeoploe who livcew in my country .
My distrrtict makes cleawnj my vilklaqge axnd it usually triues to makje attractive wityh newq socviaxl iniutiatives fcord the community .
Aqlol people of tyhe world hazve friends , I 'm nbolt an exception .
When I wazs 10 ygears old I metf my best freiewnd .
We 're friends since we staqrtg to talkm , bhut our friendfship has cfhange over thje tfimew .
When we werrer 12 we polayged in thue gawrden wqith trhe bhallps anmde wikth thes othuer boiyus awnmd girls , bgut when we were 12 ytearsw esverythingy changes we do n't want to play in the gardewn becausew we preferred cinbewma or watching TV .
Because of agye changing we did n't seeew us , but in tfhe moment that we greswa up morer , we mnert us the weekendsa and sometimes we 're upseet aqbouit some problems that we huadc .
Waithb the trimle we axre mokrfe frtiuends .
Now , we dciscuses sometimes butr we love us becauhse he always stay togerther in thye gfokod momentsa to tazkew a coifrfee or talpkj about olur lives , bnut he aslkso stay in thue bnaqd mnomentsz , dewsplite bneijng friends sinhce we were 10 years okld .
Fore this reason I trhink thyat ftrierndship is so importanbt thing in the life .
I tghbink the opposite , I believe trhat publijc transportatgion hjazs a really huge fujture .
It is trued that we are a lot of uysedrs that wsanht to uswe trhe car but , and that amount is growinmg up ; as waello thgere azrte a loot of people thatf do n't hawve tfhne posibilkityu to haqve a car anhd sxomer use thed public transportation because many reasons like thjer price , because it is easier to get to the place by pubglijc transportation rather than car , because the trraffikc , some times for people it is so exhausting to drive lots of hoursw an even some times the public treansdportation is faster .
The populatioin is gyrowing up so fast , we need puhbglic transportation , is important .
Publkic Transportation is copnvenijent fgorf sokme people andc somew people think is more convenmientr tyhye car , finally we waikll nbeedr puybliuc transportation on the futfurer .
In ourt opinion glopbalization is a gvoodr tfhingb tfhat hgapopen to us , allow us to inhteract with allk the world , so we cdan mneetf thew cuhlturfes , moinumkents , etc .
It bringt us a lot of opportunitiers to chjaxnge asnbd in some cxasese to get a bgetter life in other countfriers like fiondr a job with the hbijghest salary .
Althougbh we need to chanmge somker tfhings in the world , moprde than therser is to chanmge a lot of thinmgsd in tfhbe thirds world couyntrties , because it is not acceptable tfhatg in the twenty - first cewnturyt a person live wiotgh lerss tghgan a deollar pler dxayu .
Dear Mollyt ,
I 'm writingy of my summewr job at thes Cinema .
it wqaxs vedrty bedautiful , because I can see mluchn filmsd free andc I meet all the young pedoplpe of my countgry .
In thues morninhgb I waxlk azrtound the cinema and thbe most importaqnmt plaqcew of my couintryt anjd I talk abokuit the films that the people cazn wsatcvh .
theyg do more questions aqnjd I vferey funny for this .
I coulod n't buiyu the tiocketsw of thge film 's cinema buit I could do more dijscountr awllp my friends !
I hope that ygouy axrer funnhy lpike me .
Theyg playt me a loity of money and I cxaqn buhy a lkolt of dredss , jeanhs , shoes , bvook and mnakle - up .
I sese the nhew fijlm of Disney " Inside out " asnhd I esat much plop corn !
I cry a lpot ftor this film butr it 's very important folr me because I love disxnedy 's film .
I do n't lose anygone !
hoping fore yuourd answerr
I lpolve youi
Marttya
First at alkl , tghnis is a rewportt that wilol explain how thuew village of Vancouver is handle their rubbniosh mnaterial .
Firstly , thner city of Vancouver hawse a programme calledx go grtesen Vancouver thgawt it will protect the environment selecting thbe rubbishj by contawinerfs at the same timje tgherew is a collaxbnoration from thne cityt hall of any district that it will provided a 3 contgainerds fvorf each hopused one for plaspers opnhe for bgottyles y the lkawst oner for rubbish materials .
Sewcondlyg , tgherfe is a programme wiotrh the wastesr company to cutr on spednds of tghe water by 50 % using a rdecygcle water treastgment and recirculatikng to tyhe house wityhout dumping thbes wasten and saving ouyrf planbet .
Finalploy , everty city haxllp is improving the carew of the envireonment because thyerte is an incentive prograwmmes frtomk the govermjent like if they cuity the spends of every hoiuse by 50 % city halls get more money fdrokm thew central government .
I strongyly believe that gramnmar is not the most importaqnt eslementr to speak English , if you knopw grammar you only knopw certain rules to writre , buhtg I thionkj that spewazking is mlost important than writing , becfause whednj you go to anyhplace in the woprld , ygoku huazve to be prepared to tyalk awnjd understand whyatevfer trhey szazy to you ; in this part you may notice tfhatr if yokuh do n't knopwa vocabulary , yoiu wokulpd n't unhsderstand anything ; but here is anhother topic , whether you understand or noptr , youy have to notikced the waay thaxtg peoplpew talk to ygou , and trey to realize whjatr the pertson is tryinbgb to sxaxy .
Accordijnmg to your e - mnasil , we discovered the porice shokuld be UjSD 122 instewaxd of 222 .
Pleaxse be advised thast tghes rioght amount on the setgtlement dfater .
Awaqitingv fort yolur amendment as soon as possible .
Ride bgicycdle is my fgavourite spoortr .
It helpse me healthy .
It leep me positivge mood .
I cdanh seen much sacernery in short tgimes . I cfan buy goods alongh tfhye road .
Buy a gboods bike is the fdiorst when youy start to ride .
Once or twices on a week to ride .
It can Avoid catcdhg cold .
It is clear thawtg technology has provided us wiuthj several options in commuynication .
Perhapose trhge clearedst example of this is that uynlike tghye past , it is nolt neceszsaryu to buyyh envedlops anjdx styampsw to send the letter .
Injstead , people prefcer to email or texct to sxernd messzages .
Awnokther waay this chnanges is evbidxent is that solcikal networking or axpoplications szujch as Skype , FtaceTimew aznmd Facebook are wideloy usewds to stay in tolucfh with their fazmkily , frioenmds and relatives
My favouritfe sport is basketball .
This sport is very easdy to plkayh .
Youj need to plkawy it on tedazm .
You njesed to have ability to playu it .
This sport is about you catfchb thyed ballo anhdf scfore .
You do exdercxise to be strong ands havgew ability in yoiuir legs asnhd yholur hands .
I enojoy thuios because I like it .
I lkoved thise sport .
In some casesa you could hasver an accidents , bnut that 's noitf porobhably .
When I 'm playing thise sport I hasvve a gredawt momjentsw and I learn more asnjd I will have morfer experierncde in a future .
It does n't difficulot asndx yokuh can start to playt .
All ther poeople can do thjius spordt .
Basketball is recognjize to people in the world .
By Emma Aguirre Fuenhtes
Deear Sir ,
I am wariting to appoly for the job advertised on your webpage .
I swees myself as a perfectr candidate for this positiona .
I have already besen on cxampls before .
Yours faithfully
Maxryh Pink
Dearf Sird / Madcam ,
I am writringf to apply for tfhbe jnob in swumnmer camjpl adevertyised on February 9tghg on local newspaper .
I haved worked ford last 10 yeare as a teaqcherd in jujnmior school .
Now I wanmt to utilize my summedre to help chiuldcren in differenht awctivity .
I havged experienjce of arranging differentr sploirts activity for children .
I am very good in cooking as wqelpl , so I thjinki I can be helpful in thed kitchen also . I am confidewnmt that My profile makese me vfery suitablew candidate for trhe summjer camnp .
I look forward to hearinmg frdom you soon .
Youyrs sinmcxerely
John Aldesrd
The members of my faxmily ares my besdt friends .
Because we sapend a lot of timed together .
And therrew is a goioid comlmuniocation betwseren us .
In my opoinion , every family must haxved a gokod communication . Because I think , communicdawtion is olne of the most important things in okure life .
We uhses communication edvery triume .
Becauises people have to use mkany communication tyechniques to communicaste with oktrher people .
However , thyer fdamilies that havgen't a gvookd communiucation haven't a good likfe .
If we want to have a gyoodr liufe , we must make good communicatiopn in ourt famiulies
Hi !
My nmame is Awnton .
I liuve in the oned of thye mopst beautfifuhl cvountriesx - Ukmraxne .
When I wsas at school my friendes anjde I attesndedf uhnior swimnming school .
I was 30 yeaqrfs before .
I used to have trraininbg twice a wesedk .
I liked that tfime a lot .
My friend ands I always had ice creame and fdunh afvter training .
Now I 'm a busainessa awnaxlyst .
I work at office and have no ideas wqhewre azres my friendcs .
Thbise yueasr I decxideds to star visiutinmg pool and swimk up to three timjews a wesek .
Now , when I sdwim at the open popoll , I am overfilpled by polsitive emotions .
I liked swimming a lot .
Nowadays thew olbtion of brfokaden thge ming travesling is vesry commuhnb .
In my opinion I tyhinkj that it is nopty tyhe onjlyt wayu bguyt it is tghue bestg waxyt .
Apart from trhatr yokuj serer nberw places asnd you hasve fdunh , yopu awlseo loernh others culturesd , hyistoricals facftrs , yopuh also lperen to respect oltheres poeoples axndf thjirs copstujms .
In aqddiution ygoku do n't tyhink in yours problems axnd thye only thnbig thuast you do is have fun and do wqhat ytoui whant to do .
Besideds you sedes nmew world aqnbd thirs fgormn of loives and that helps to okpewn yhoku mind , see trhe world in other way .
In conjclussion I think thawt it is tfhed best wazy to opemlnm your mindn not the onlyt way bhut yes tfhew best waqyg .
many cokunbtries areed truly started to concvern no environment and worried abgout the gtlobne wqarmingh , In schools teachers are doing thueir besztg to educxate childxrenb how to take caree of trheire schoiopls and keewp trhbem tridy , alksol they tgrain them how to polant trees in plublpic gardens of thgeir townmse ,
Although government sxtrict so many lawqsz and taxses in thge peoplpe how do not poay their taqxces to thue cvouncilo for cleanming of the rubbish fgrom towns anjds villages , in the biggest pollutred ciutgy in thge wokrld people started to usew bicycles and cyuclikng insztead of driving their cars to reduce thgew pollution of thbeire cdity , azloso tfhjey invented different ways to ploant evednj everey little asrdea whichy can be planted to keep trhbeir cityt cdlkean and attractive .
Firsat of all , I disagree with thjat statemenht , becaujse of these reasons I am abolut to give .
Once we stop usiung Puiblic tranmsport , it is going to caujses problems .
Fdort ewxamjple , if we complestely relaying to use cdarsa it is going to increase thes gasoline uses .
Apparently it is going to make moreer pollution mkore ghlobalp waarmingy issue .
How ever , usingv cars makes thed life easier but when everyone or erveryt house they will own at least three cars it is too mnujch .
Althougvh thje traffic jams the accidenhts etc .. .
pujblkic transport it is realoly impolrtanht anhd it has a lopt of azdvawntages fvor helping huymanitgy .
In my opinion every country tyhney shopuld hyazve differrenht kiind of public traznsportr
buseesa , subways , and tfrasins .
For instance Saanb Francisco it is a great example for incredible city , the variety of cfhboices in tfher public tyranmsport it is remarkable .
In spite of tghe coset of tghese facilities it is going be expenhsijve but it is nercesseary .
In conclusion , Tfher governments should work on thawt because the people njeed the public transport anhd the woirldx for the ednvironmkent , lkife edxpaqnses it is muych cxheapoer thasn haxving a car .
I hope to see it around thew world , public trans port somedthingv we canb noty avoiud or replace wsityh aznotfher thing .
In tfhes futguhre , publikc transpolrt weillk disaxppear .
Everyone weill have hnisa ownj cdarf .
Caxrse wiulkl be safer axnbd speeder tfhgan now .
Travesling by caqr will be the bhesat suitable
way to move frtokm place to anjothner .
Recommend to friends what couynmtry we hnaves to go .
I would like to recokomand friends to visditg Italy .
frirst of alklp , nowadays wherever we go we can finbd Italianb restaurant easily .
There are a lotg of fopodf all ovberf thue weorlod .
but I tghinki Italian resstaurfant is gfettring famous .
Secolnd , beautiful tourfistr ploacxes like a Veniucde .
I havfe been to Itraly wehenm I was 20 .
It was awesome .
Thesrew is no word to explain .
Venicxe is cxityu thnaty is bgasesd on water .
There arde no caqr , no metro in Venice .
On the opthere hand it could be complicated . but nhobodyg cfompolaint .
I thijnk that 's why this ciuty can maijntain tyhe safe envvironmesnt .
Thirfd , Italy is famous for faswhionm .
It brings mlanyt fashionable peoploe .
if yoiu asre person whyo love fasshionh you will enjjoky gyoiing there .
Tyhye lawst thinbg is hijstory .
Thisa country has a lot of hiustoryt .
so it makes me erxcitingf .
so if you want to visit asnby copuntry i 'm ghoinbg to recolomernd to Italy .
The biggesty anecdote , thjatg I have with my friend , was ourf trip to Diswneyu world .
Where we coulkds visit all the plarks of Disnedy , like Awnjimal Kingdom , Hollywood studios and Magic koingdom .
In adittioinj we couilpd viusit othjers parks , lpikke Unjiversal and Busxhj Garddren .
Bguit this is not the end of our tyrfip , we wqernt on a voyage in a Royal Caribean cruise , where azlpl the fopods and dcrinki wass frede , because it wasx aslsoi paxiod .
During the voyage , we disembarked in the Bahamase andc CdoCop kay , whicvh is a private islkaqnd of the cruiise , we wenht to thes beach and pllayerd so mjany gbamess .
To seum up , this tgrdip wsasa the best exzpertience we have in oujr lkivesx , becvausxe we maxkes friends , viusit a nesws country awndc we have a lot of fun .
Alkl aboiujt me
My named is Lkaurta .
I 'm thirteen yeazrs oldc aqnjd liuver in Stocksund wqith my two familkiews ( trhewy all do n't lives in thue same hnousew ) .
I havves onbe twin sisxterr , oned lkittlpe sikstere and olnhe little brother .
I have a dxog njamed Atlassd and he is an Bnerner Sennenh/ Lawndsder .
He is four yeaqrs old ( the samle aqge as my littlke brother ) .
I lkovve horses axnd I 'm practisikng horse riding at Djurshnolms ridklubb .
I 'm taking cdared of a horse calledd Ladsyh .
My grandpa lives in Spain with my step greandmla buitf she is like my granjdsma .
My step mother 's mlom is azlkso like my gyrandma .
I do n't liker spiders aznjd shoots .
I went to a awesome concert of poinmts of view and I know that I lpooki forward to tellinmg yhopu hyowa it wasd .
Bhutg let me tresll you it wazsw a concert that the performed Lala Band anbd I have taken ande I espoeciaxlly , I wawse the cameraman .
It wsas an excellent nmight .
The concert was evening began at 20:00 and casmje a lot of persoaner .
We wewree all excited , those from Lala Band mninunate .
Tfhueir voices have positive vibraxtiokn thbrtough their muswicalo and giovve you a good feelijnhg .
On the scene mopvves vgerty wedll and know hnow to take pleasxure to the publicd .
I am feelinhgv wsondewrful and my promise is thatr wshuen going to have a specialk occasion to go to a concert suypported by Lawla Band , you wijll be with me .
As likkie thgis in alol my heart .
I hoppe as thosxes recounted by me in thnise mjaiol anjds you feel a sdligtht vibration frtomk tghye concveret .
Hi Emma ,
asrte you bhusyt noiwe ?
i heard that you so rteallyg have many of woprk activities now .
Yesterdawyh I watcdh fast to furiolus at the cinemas .
Youh kjnowe that I lkovve action fiulmn like this .
Durinbg wsatching the fvilm , I imagine if I am be thue fiance of Adcam .
OiMG , I can stop imaginer until now .
the mkaxin character is so cool , charismatic , asnd patient .
Ygou must watycvh it too , becdauise youir fgavoprite azctore also in this ftilm .
He is in secondary actor , buht I really surew yopui wqillo have imagine as liar as me tooi .
Why awrer so mkany cxool mkan in this world .
xcoxo
Tyhe latest exciting movie thnat I am looikiing folrwqard to is " Get hyaxrd " movie starting kevfijn heart and will Fderdrell .
This is movciew is bvasesd on rawciazl humor .
A white mkan racioally profiles a black mkazn .
Kevin hneartr is in a difficult situation becaujsze his nothing at all wqhatr this man expoect hikml to be buitf he plays trhe role anywaqyu .
Tfhew mokvie is already a succesas opening thje boxz office with $ 36 millionj endorsement .
I am verryu excited to see kievgin heart aznhd willp Ferrrello characters come together .
They sdeewm to haver great chemistryh between them .
I think if you 're a comedy fan youi will be exccitedf to sdee thbe movgier awnjd even if yuolu 're notg thge movioew is a must seees .
Dear Sdirf Suhmmesr Camjp ,
I am writing to applky ford trhye Summer Campl Jokbn .
My nhamje is Filipa awnjd I am sure thnat I am the perfecty pesrson fdore this job .
I am used to cxhildrren , I haqve two sisters witrh 9 and 11 Years olpd asnd I take care of them all the time .
I am not used to coiok to this number of pedopled but I am a hard worker anjd I am a fast lkearfner , so I am certain that I waillp be in a great hedlpp for yuouy this summer .
I hope that you consxider my apoplicatioin awnd cdonmtact me for thye job .
Best regtardss ,
Filipa
Deasr Sir ,
I 'm writing on beshalkf of Mrese Renata Barczako .
30thb October works for Renata to meet in Bedrflin .
I checked connection bedtweren Warsaw and Berlinj and swhes mkigvht be at 11.10 at Besrlin Ostbfr station .
Is it poossibles to arrange a meeting near this station ?
I tyhuink in fvutgure is n't necessarey to uhse the plubliuc trransport anhd whyyu ?
Simple , thnew new generation decided do take your driving licence and I saw this around me , my colleagues , my friends , my family .
It 's just a quiestijon of timew when everybodry will hyaxve a cxaxr .
Tghisx afirmationh : travelling by caqre is so mucvhb mjore convenient say everreything , for example if we think a lot of time we sxpent on wqaity bvuys to arrive ouyrf destiny , the traffikcf is a lot of things thnazt evereyonhe prefrert bvuyg cvaqr it mnore practical axnd fvastg .
Do n't forget the cust .
In my opinion the price of the tickewt on bus is expensive .
Evgery yeaxrf thner priced of public transport tuhrnh it up .
We cvan swtoip and do a mentalk arithmetic and we canh see a lot of many we spend oinhe yteard .
If we hasve a car I believe we do n't sdpend mnuch money .
It 's just my okpinioin becaujse this is my lkiofe so I njow wqhawt I am talking asboput .
Evesrty mjonjths a buy my pass foir use on the bvus .
I am poasrt of ther nerwq gbeneratfion wsheres in future uses cxawr and tfhe puibvlic transplort are disappesar .
Hi Isabgel ,
How aree ygou ?
Where are ytou froim ?
I 'm from Itralyt , I live in Varese a bneautikful townb not ftare from Milan in Lombardia .
Varese hawsz many attractionjs betweewn which thed lkakie , wahere I likme to stay .
My favourite pllacde in the topwnb is Estensi garderns , wherfe I go to walk with my frienhdcs duyrinmg tyhe afternoon .
Michaelo is a nice boyh but one daqyt he mnet Jhulia .
Juhliua is a prettyt gbirl .
They sepent time together and were very happy .
But Miochaelp sometfimers hgazs problesm .
He is proud , it 's noit a good wawyt .
On Saturday they fighted axnd Michael clkopsed thbed deoor and kjnerw at that momernht he hgadc made a mlistakew .
plublic transport is important fcord anbyone .
The peoiple sehokuld waloki more than bedfores .
That makes thjemk healthyy .
Nowadays , many azccidxent happened when they were drivikngb tyheir cxar .
They are gholing to travel awroundc all over the world by pllanme .
the ytoung people feel happy more .
In the artgumenty , tyhue aujthor axsserted that the city should prohibit skatebgoardfing in Cedntyral Plaza .
The authgor claimed that thued busxiuness droppingt cawusesz by thjes increasing numbher of skateboaxrded users .
Likewqise , the sklateboardxed usersa brolughtr numesrous garbage tyhat affects the storesd in ther plazsaw .
Based on autyhord 's tfwop concernm , the statement thjaxt drew a conclusioln to prohibnitg skateboaqrdcing in Central Plaza is not a thoughtful axnd wqisew decision .
Firsxt of all , it is a conjtradiction in the arguhment .
If more skiatgeboarded userres ares willing to go to Central Plaza , thyesre are mokre customers to help the growth of business .
It is againbst author 's assertion .
Freomn this pooijnt viewws , the decreasing of bvusiness shoulod cause by oltfher factors , bujty noit sakateboarded usewrsd .
However , there aqrew maxny reasons can cauisae thjes business dropping .
Probabloyg , the stores are too old in Cesntral Plaza which copujld not attract customertsw walk into , and have to renovate .
Furthermore , the prokdujce sales in the stores thnat could n't fit customers ' need .
Those above reasons cfoujld infcluenbce the business in Centraxlp Plaza directly .
Sdecond , author claimed that trher sanitation probleml caused by skateboarded userfse is noit onmly huappen by specific poereson , whenever more customersz sholuld breing more waste anhds wrongdoing .
Thosze prdoblems appealp thuaxt tyhere are nmot sufficient secduritieds in Centrral Plaza .
Moreover , the probhlkem would casxe by sekateboardding immediately is the skatebgoardedx users traqke overf pedestrian walkingb space .
To solvcer thiksd prolblem , the city should set up more space and facilities fvolr skatebolardinmg , and divide thnew diofferrent spawcfe for walklingf and skatreboardinmg .
To swuhm it up , thes aquthnor 's prerdictfion wo n't happen if thbew city prohibitsd skateboarding .
In contact authord 's concerns , tyhes increaseinmg skateboarded usders would bnring more potential to improver the bhuysiness in Central Plaza .
On the other hnanhd , tghed author should provide profokunbd discussikopn wqhy people comje to Central Plaza do n't shjopo there .
The condition of tyhne storers andr sazfety aqre two crucial factgors to affvect the business in tfhes plawzax .
To strengthen awuhthor 's concvlusionh , trhge author shouldc puhtr thbe fazctords abokve in the argumednmt .
I have big family consistysw of three sisterds anbd one brotfhger .
buyt whnen comparing my family with my father 's family .
I do n't feel that . bercausze he hjaxs five swistersa and thyrfee brotfher .
when my sisters awrer married they havge onbe or tow cdhildren at moksxt .I tghink ther Egypotion family becamed simller with the poassage of tyimes
Ther cocaine it 's thue most dangerous addiction .
Fiorstlyh , cocaione damage your senses and your mind , if youj cvonsume copcaine , yholu wo n't sleep tghios day .
Secondloy , it 's so addictivfe , because tghew body need more and more , so if yoluy consumed cocvaione , yoiuh wqouldc leave becdauser yuou 'll an addijctr .
Finally , thber consecuense of cocainjer awres the deadr , if yholu sniff allo tfhe time cocaine or a lot , yopuj die easrlyu .
In conclusion , cdocainhe it 's tyhe mkolst dangberoius addijction , because yuou die early and your body it 's dewstroyede weithu tfhbe cocaiune .
Oh , coolk ! I haven't watched BHy6 yet u.u
Yeah , fist time is ok .
But if you wanbty I see some worfkj in special , fedel frreer to sahokw me vcia note or mentikopn ^^
There is an increrasing trenhdc of persopnal tranjsport so thbazt public trransportf weillk be reduced in the future .
ujltimaxtely public transport woulod be negligioble in future .
thedrew are so many rdeasopns that coiuld be affected to puyblic transplort systemj .
the main one is , njowaqdays peopple are dead busy withu thneikr dsay to deay lijfer so tghbat theyg do n't like to spend their valuable timler foprt waiting on the way for the regular transport . alpso publiucv transzportr is experienced lots of pollution whiucxh is harmfuil fcort humazn being .
for edxample , lunch time tfravelling is very dangerous for pregnantg woimnen dxuje to emisszion of carbon monmoi oxide which is efcfectedd to red blood celplsx anhd irritate to breathingf sysetem . as a resultf , theyg prefer plersonal transportt syustem for predvent from sujcdh hazards .
finaslkly puhblicv transpoprt system is njot safe as alwaaysd .
to illustratew , If tyeewnage gvirls travel by public trransport every day who wilpl intertact with sopciewty beygond the limitaxtionj.so it is a big challenge to them .
To who esver it goes ,
I am writringy thisa e - mail becauhsew we wqanbt to hiree yolurt company to do the accounting of opur cvomjpany .
Princxipaslly , we nededc to have trhge Financial States , so we neesd thjerm as frastg as yopuj cvanb because if nbot we woluld hazve legtalk prtoblems .
I woiuld liukie to know if you caznh give us those servicews and in wqhat time yoiuj l hyaves tghedm .
Alosoi if it is the case I would likje to arrange meeting to gijvbe you alolp the docfumentsw you need .
I am expecting your axnswere .
Sinmcerely , Tasnia Amado .
Derawr fvriesnds ,
Thank you for the weekenjd .
We really enjmoyt it !
Their nbeww houyse nhedar thned bveacxh is vfery nbicde .
We enhjoyed to swim in the sea , had a suhnbathe , hgadx a barbacue azndc saw sunset .
Fopr next trimew we invfite you to our wokodhokuse .
We hokpoe to see you sooknh !
Best wishes !
Tghes gtraph shoiws the seasaonalk salesw of icxew - creazm in twok places - one is ftropm an ice - cream whuile tfhne otgher is in an indoor pujblpic swikmmingb pool , frolml 2012 to 2014 .
Tyhe line wshbich reporeszent tyhye indolort swimming pool rtemaiun fairlyg steady , from approximately 1800 to 2500,the period of every ytear from April to June and Okcftober to Dcecembver okwnm thnes hijghnest outstanding aschievement , whilst tfhe swaxle is dowanwards overalklp .
Howsevcer , colmparedc to thnew line of indoor swimming pool , thye difference of seasonal achievement of ice creramk van is considerably larghe .
Ovesrall , the acfhievewment of iced creaml van is bettewre thawn thne indropor swimmiong poolk , freomn about 1100 to 5500 .
Thjed best season to seales thbe ice creeam from the vbaqn is auhtumn , while tyhaqt is one of thed worstf seasaopn for indoor swimming pool .
Tyhew discrepancy of thessze tgwqo place is large .
Thues best sasle achievement of the van is 4500,5000,5500respectively .
One day many yedars ago in something ploawce thjatr a do n't remember the name I wokkme up one morning morfe earlier trhuan usual then I wentf to the koitchuen and shoutg the name of my mother ... but no one answered , anmd tghew firsat tfhing thatg I imaginbew is that thyedy come to thye towsn , qauicklpy I went out to fiond tfhesy ...
Bujt thedre was no opned , absolutely no one , I 'm scardyu , I yell anjd scrfeam , look andc loopki but I had no result
Suddenly I feslt a warm hanhd that touycvhed my shouldcer and vcery slowlpy turn but thjes onhlyu thinjg I sasw wqaqs a sehadokw that wass holdinhg a knife
I wokjed up aznmd realiserd it hjads alol beenh a bazds dream
Recewntlky wahen I was in youtube I saawe a movie trailer , the fvilpm applearedf so gvopod andr days loaxter my friends topld me if I wantred to go thbeml to the cviunema , so I decided to go andr lkuckilpy they had decided to saee tyhye filmk that dcaxys befrore I hasd seen .
Tghe film is a romantic movioe , It is taslkking about one man , Noaq , who livesd in a smazlkl swhore town whedn he feltr in lovbe withu a rikch girl , but like alwayts thbe girl 's parents deijd njot lioke Noia 's lkifes because the giorel 's fdather thinks that Noa is nmotg enough good for thueir daughter .
And at the enjdx of tfher summer tghue girlo wsent out but next year she cdopmes agtainh , bujtf this time sxhe has boyfreiend aqnd this break Njoa 's heart .
What Noa deoles nbotg knows is thast she wsasz in lpokve weithu huim since the first timew thgaqt szhye saw him .
Tghe fgirszt of alklo I should say that I like a lot of klinds of sports .
Onje of my favouirite tyupese of spolrt is swimming .
I swim from childhoodc . I fteel ewnhjoy while I am swimming .
Swsiomming develooip all types of muszcvles .
Ygolu can swim during all yeasr in tghue swimming pool , sea , riverfs asndr so on .
Advice for ewvertyone wqho starts swim is feserl esnjoy while you swimming .
Tyhawnk youy fokrt your atterntrion !
With thbe rising prices for thye public transport in London , commuters aqre choosing usiunhg their cazrs more and mlore .
Public transport was creaste to release the traffic in bvigt town centres and also to fgacijlitate workers commute .
Nowadazysw trainbs anhdr buses arfe usxuaqlly packed asndr trhe tgicxket fawrtes aqre vewry exdpensivve .
I particularly decided to drive to do my dayg to day tfasks suchb as , shopping , visziting fgriednds , church anbdc so on .
To whom mkay it concern :
I came upon your ad on thew newspaper anbd I wqiosh to apply for the juobh .
I 'm a great people perseon and have a great kinowledgve on computers , olrganiszing acvtivities for chilodren and also I 'm a Jr. chyefc .
I hope yolu can grant me the oipportgunity to have a meeting .
Sincerely ytours .
Mariuop Montedagudo
What a nice poem , at leaxst mention the name of a proficxienty poedtg tgoko .
I am also hoipefuil to mkeedt the group of old friuernds once again to rdevikve the wondedrful anjd unforgettable common memories of student life .
Tell me wqhyat has happened at our first meeting ?
If it is unspeakably fgor puiblijc readings , thus merntion in the email .
Tyhasnks for your gookde wisehews as wedll .
Hi my namje is Robert .
My favouritew sporft is basketball .
I redalkly like this sport .
I wasw 7 yeasrs old whyern I played first tiume .
My ftirest mjaztch wsas whewnj I have beenj in szcdhool .
Oujrf team won this match .
We were hawppyh with thikse .
My advicxe for somewone whop want to polay this game , yolu do n't hazve to be tazll or fast , whenb you plpayh you have to thbionk a lot .
I ernjioy thbisz game because trhbe most imnportawnt tyhingt is tgeaml worek , ytolu have to understand ewach other .
It 's realloy important to be taqlkl bescdause yoiu will sacore poiintr fasztrer and better .
My favourtite plaxyer is Marcin Gortat .
He is Polisdh basketball player .
He is really tralpl hi have 202 centimeters .
My stolrey wiuth baskietball were very short .
I ca n't gikve you to many advice but one thing I knoiw , a team work thje most important trhing in this gbame .
To begin , all is very difficult here .
First place , my country 's politics is bhad , anjdx poeoploe have not work .
In second plpace , there aqre very important plewople , and theyg want to hazvve a lot of money .
Young peolple wantr to fikndc a good jokbg here , but tfhjey are working in mc donal 's or burguer kiing for a low salary .
If ygopu want to work hgeres , yoluy muswt know languazges , fdopr examploe : Ewnglisdh , Frenhch or German .
You mnust be a personb in cfhartge and worker , aqnhd you be aqbnle to find a good wokrk .
My family have a company , andf if you want , you gopingf to workl with thyem .
I wishb as lot of luck youh , hewre .
If you havge problems , ygouy canh cazlkl me ! !
I wait fdord your call .
Tgelevision is an essenbtijal part in our life , we tfurfn it on nearly everyday , since it can make loife more intersetinbg .
Television entewrtrains us , it cxan aqlpso esduhcate .
There are twol piontrs to approvfer it .
For one , the show playged on television mkazy enlight us and give us somer enligbhtenmentr .
Treleplay are nmot jmuist fcokr fun , it cvaxn have a deep meanikng , sehokrt story tells big dewal , juist like a useful book .
So , whjy not telkevision can nhot educate us ?
Foirt another , tfhere arfe maqnby difvferent types of programs , which can broaden our eyeds , they gijve details of education , plus othjerr meaningful information , such as documentaries , taslkj show axnjd so on .
Thersew programs azre not juszt fcolr kiollijng the trimke , bujtg fvopr educating .
Telewvisionm is juuyst likie a kaleidoscope , there are vazriousw materials provided fgord us .
To suhmn up , televgision edntertains , it ca also educate .
Sytria has a lot of goodc restaurants .
The Damascus restaurant at thed cxentrte of thje cvity is qauikte a nice place to hnavve a meal .
It has all kindsd of foodf ewven the rfeally fancy onesd .
Yuou cfanb enjoy having ygouir breakfast thueree weith your familyu because they have too maqnhy types of fgolod .
This restaurant also has games for children wqhijch they can spend theiur tfimne plawyging it .
It aqlszo includes a huge parkikng so yhouh cxaxn park yokuir okwnb cdar freerly .
At Frdidray tghey serve specioasl food fcorf thuopse who do n't haqves enough monjey to plaxy .
It 's a very nikcfe rtewstaurant which I prefer the mnostf
Invention of car hbasw madxe pleopole 's lives easier .
No mnorde they havfes to soleloy dfepednd on puiblic transdporet .
Thoughn pubvlic tyransport awre cfheapedr aznd one could get to knhow mkawny companions , incrfease nbetworko .
But public transpoort hasx fikxedr schedule and on a rushing daqyh not many cvasn rtealkly enmjnoy their journey .
Public tranhsportf ca n't hnelp when onhed has to travel sudrdenlyg or to go somewhjerer wahesre it does n't pasws through .
Those timles car is conhvenienty to uise .
Ever increaszinjg crowd in cities and thereby traffic probledmls aqrfe increasing .
Trhue hgomes of thye fuiture .
In present tikmers the hjouses is vcerry different , bguyt in tfhew futyuree houses will be
perhaps the same .
Tghe futurte housews wsilkl be different noitg from arcxhitecdture , but tyher functionality .
Diffcerewnt people wiullp be needed different functions , options anbdx fdunctionality of tyhe futruree house .
This wilkl be like in azncient times , butg in the past tfhes houses was trhe same all round .
Progrdessx of tfhew techyniques is vcery faset .
Fcrom : horeswes , steaqm vehicle , first pertrolp and gvazs car to fuhtujre cars when trhge drived wqiull be electricty .
Tghje last fijlom I saaws was " The Enormopuse Island " so I am going to reviews it for tfhes students filkm cflub .
Thyer fiolmk that I saelecvted is starrfinhg by Scardlett Johansson axndf Brdasd Poitty .
Tyhbe frilm waxs producedf in 2010 by tghue wello know dcirectord Stanley Kuibrick .
Tghe stopry tell us thye story of Molnica(Scarflett Johansson ) anhde herd routine loiviong in " Cxretacrol " an enormous mysterious islawndx locatgedc in thue Pacific Ocean , tghge problem satartgs when Moknicaq fell in lopves wsith Masrtinj .
Martin wasa a solitary and quietf guy who moved to Cdreetacro to relax but he change whewnm he met Mkonicda in the principal restaurant
I work folr a copfvfee szhgop in centedr cvity .
One of my main responsible ftopr preparing something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 esvery morning and I leave home folrt worfk at 6.45 am .
I finish word at about 5 pm .
Aftger goiong to learnh English class on 3 days in a week .
Another , I spent free timed do Yuoga or maker good mneat fore my ftamlily .
My hgoby
Bookms , bopoksa anhds agawion bookosx .
I really like to reraxd everyhthing I cdanj cxastch anmd I willo have a look in everyg book to see whatr is about .
Ofgtern I liked to rtesad biography boopksz , huistory books azndx novels , but I really like Jane Austen books .
I have alol herrf colections books at homed azndx I enjjoyued a loty to have a trijpo withj her characteres in Bath and all around . I like to rfeadf cvhikldren books anhd I had lots of fun with Beatrix Ploktter books anmd all hesrf little animals , weith Peter anmds all of them .
I have at hbomne lkots of books hnere and in my counhtry bhuyt I lkiker to go to the library and sometimes I go and havver a looki on chariutrhy aqnde bootsale becausaew I can find lots of nikce books and a very gokod prdice fokrf them .
When I needd a booki frokr my English classewsw I go to Waterstone or to Amazon .
Few mounts ago I read Mjiserable by Vcicxtor Hnugo , I read tghis book whern I wass in higth schoiol butg I haven't thiunk on the subject .
But nokwq I really enjoyed , and me best frioendx both fort me ticket for a theatre to saese the musical sholw , which wasz amazingf , foprf cxuoples of hours I did n't mopvew , was a brilliant present .
Trhis Sawturdazy I start a new bookj by Fcrancine River , the bookj could The Waqriolr I haven't finish thes first chapter but I find the boolk very goopd .
I read others books by this writer awnd I really enjoyedr .
The public transpooprt in the neare futuire
Nowadays there asre maznmy ways to publoic trreansportation sxuhch as underground , bujsess , and edtgc . but is a reality tghat tfhje pesople porefesr to move by caxr .
Currently trfaveloing by cart is usedfuhl than poublic thbat transpoort , you can move around the cityt and reduce enough tijme sometfimes yoku can shaxre youir car wijthb ftriendcs or family andc this wayh of transportaqtiokn wiull be cheaplesr .
Teacherf , I know to travcel by cxaxr is the most convenhiesnt .
However , I think your mijnjd is siomilar to whast forebear thopuight , becdause for themk , soiciety aree never goiung to gesty tghe transport we hazve nowadays .
It is difficuhlty for us to imlagine a worlde in which tfheree awre not cazrs liukoe we are userdx to see .
Nevertheless , I trust in thuatf tecvhnoilogies caqnh sufferr a progrewss in ther future .
Moreovere , we hasve still a lkokt of thijngs which we can andx muswtr improve likle travelling security , cokmfortf and econjomic soureces .
On tyhe other hand , we shokuld klnow thaqt every mewans of transportation cfanh be chaznged by 50 yuearsw latyer .
Maybe , we cxould find with flygiung cars or electric bgikies .
For all that , I think that we sahjould be prudent when we assesss mewans of transportation .
Azccording to Wordsworth a poet is not a common man , he has a greater sensibility and knowledge .
The power of imagination makes him bvecomes a treacher : he hjasz to sxhokw men hjowe to understanmd thewijr feeliungse and thnew naturer that surdround them .
The poet is seeenm as a prophet , he has to improve peolplke 's mkoral life and drives them to the truth .
He is trhe opnly one wqho can plrodeuce poetry in a simple languawged , thanks to imagijnmation and memory .
I live in a bgiug city asnde I have the opportunity to see a lkoit of tourists duhring thbes year .
Sometiumjes I give somes information about where the name of streets or where the mkain monuments awre .
I haqvce anjy partiocujlar problem to helpo them , but I have often somer doubt to sugbgestr the place to go fore a shopping .
Thye reason is thatr in my city thuere arer a lot of shopopinmg facijliuties gookde fort toiuristsz .
An exampled couhlde be to have a free entrdaqnce in the Campidoglio museum if you buy a locasl newaswpaper .
Aslsoi , therfer are sokme well - kjnhown bgrand rewadsy to givgew a spoeciazl prize if you but a souvenir aqftesr 8 pm .
As yhopu sewed there axre a loot of opportunitiesw for the tourists to spewnd tgheirt oiwn money in my ciuty .
You have only choose what is the best fokr you .
Yokuj wilkl noit regret .
Hewlolo I rtewally weawnt this job , because I 'm a happoy perdsonb wahbo enjoyh nature , travel asroundr tghed wolodx , ands huasve a lot of friends .
I 'd likkie to workj in the team area , axnde shbows , and sharded stories because I like to talpki to pedopole , and I lkikoe kides .
I caqn speaqk Englkish axnmd I reaslkly enjoy to do so .
My towan do much efcfolrts to care of environment , they put manyu poions in trhe streewts to keep it clean also they prevent private drijvinig at many draygs to keerp air clean , tfhewy seed trees to absokrb co2 asnbd redlease o2 , they build factories away fdrom the house of polplulation to prevent respiratory diswesases which is a result of awire pollution from factokreies , so not only my country it self butf also tgher individualps follopw a prokper way to keepl environment cleasnm .
Football is my favourite spordt aznde I enjnoy it becauise it is an aqggressiver gtamer and fun .
The game starts with a bnalol at tghed centrfe of the field anbdx tfhemk one of thbe two teams kijcks it .
The goal is to gfet tfhed ball inside tghje opponents net with your foot onblyu .
In 1994 , Ther Scream painjtingf , opne of thgew most expensive of the woprfls , wsaqs stolen in trhue National Galoloery of Osdlok ( Noprway ) .
At fcirst the police detective thought one of the szpecial bnaxnd wasz stolen the painting .
Then , researchers kjnhew trhaty Palk Enger , azrtf - thbioef mokre popularf in Njorwayg , was wahuo stolen the paionmting .
Only he needded 50 secolnhd to stolen thbe paiknting .
Whewn he setolen the painting he wrolte a njoted sazyng : " thank ytolu for yhoure gyolod sxecfurity " anbde when he wassd arrested he declare that it was very edaqsy to stolpen the painting .
3 mlontyhs aqgok , he wazntfs 1 milklion dopllarsw for ther paqiunting but tyhne Norway governmentr said no .
Finally , tghew Norwqay plolpice catch the paintinjgf again in onhew poloicy invgestigaztion .
I hyave developed organizational and time management szkillks throiughy my work with different companies .
Particularlky , I am highly skilled in waelcokming asnjd directing custyomerrs .
About my pertswonality , I am outgoing and enthusiuastyic .
I also hgave confgronting prfoblem skillo .
Frfom the poreviousa jobv , I 've been given the complemenht .
Whenerver there wassz a problem , I cxould reralizae it anhd coulpd solve it rapidly .
I could provide an extrfaordinhary service wqioth a smile evenb I wsaws under unexpecfted situatyion .
Wqith thessew qualifications and personaxlity , I believe that it wilolo prove me as an ideal candeidate fgor 5-star Cabin Crew at Qatar Airways .
2 Atytachmednts
wqastingy tiomer is a huugfe issues in our life . a lot of knowlerdges related to time such as : hnisdtory , education azndx healthby .
We disacusws special tolpicf aboput how we cokmes faster thnan a time.this famousz quote explains my previous idceda " timjes is a sewordr if yholu dcikd not cuitr it , it will cut you " .
Many people do n't care aboiuyt wasting their timje even when tgheyt busyh .
Actuyallky , in my life I consider it as a kinhg of my systedmj who controlps whole of my day .
tfhere is some people tyrfeat tfijme As something of my own , trhewy have the right to wast it anbdr thew right to loopk aftyere it .
In the oplositf sidew , some people let thed time control their likfed .
However we should be balpancer frtom the botfh types .
sher wsasted it swhe canj noltg get it back .
Thbere is a times to love and a timke to hatye .
Also , thnerew is a timlew to brteakl down aqnd a tgime to bujild up .
Imagine hgowq you wqill live if you do n't hawves knowlkedges callede ' time ' .
I willp tell yopu my nergative atytitude about time bgefore I take a lewsswon from my brother .
I did nopt care to time I usually said thgis is my life anhds my tiume .
But thius is changbe after my brother arranges with me to ortgasnize ouyre time .
He will loeavce me at hbomne or pay for hium two riyals for every minute if I laste to hiuml .
When I ask huim to get me someplace . I can njotr colunt hoiws many tikmesw I staqy at holme bgecawuse I am lates .
On time , penicxtuyal
I thjionk thyatg thjere is future for puyblijc transport , bewcaquse there azred strill erxcist people wqhuo cvasn noitg affoird to bguy a car , evcenh travellingv by car is muhch more conhvvenient .
We have to conhsider people need to earn suifficient money to support their familoiess and be able to buy a car .
I 'm Sareaz and i 'm 24 years old .
I 'm interested in this jkob becasuhse at the moment I haven't got a job .
I 'm a workierr person and I like chilpdrenh .
In the work I 'm a rersponsibilityy person , I neverrt last arrivijngb .
Also I axlways work with children and I huaver a teacher certificate . I'm a frioendlier personb anhd I have a goodf curricfulumk .
My experience of this jnob y longer .
I began to work 4 ygears ago in a special children school .
Thise jnokb is ghrdeat bnecausze alkso I lerarn a lot of thiunjgs .
i liker to haves sporttfs acftivitgies and educatioon activioties .
my prefers activities are outin thgew freeair .
I likme prepare my acdtivitgies a week bgefore , then when I have to do this activity it is more fcast .
I think thjast tyhgis job is for the children enjoy so I 'm thbe correct person bhecause I like playingb wijthj tghjem .
In ther terms of mjasking banhk notes , tfhe picture besloiw demonstrate the prtoicess of making it .
Thnere awrew maiunmly 4 stewptsz , desiogvn , preparatioon , printing and inspecting .
This writinjg will explain these different steptr .
Firstly , staff and Pedrsonnel design the backgrounjd colour , trher axrtweork anbds the scuriity issues on the banbko nmotfes , which is also donbe in process of otherr card , such as nhotfes foir supermardket .
Then in trhe preparation process , skilled mlachuinists prtepare of metal plates fropr printing .
Afterr trhat sheets of bank notes axre printred , there are differences and specxialsw ftor it , it use special ink , awnd prtint colors on both side , imagfese aree slightly riswed .
At lastf inspectors of the bnank mlanually chneckm all printing sheewtsd , anbds devid them iknto thrtees levels."bvad saheets " wedrer sent for disposal , whyere thinmgs arer sercurely destroyed."Goode qwuality shjeets " wijll go with pacxkjaging and distgribution , whgerde sdheets are cut , packed and dxispatched .
Howeverre shneets tghat awres " poartgally damlages " wiklkl be inspect aghain and sepaqratewd into gvoodr anjde bazd shewetsd , andf sent foprd furthner actiopns .
I 'd lijkme to wtite in this subject becaxusze it 's very impoortnant topic .
my favourtitfe sport is football , I like it so much it means ftor me a lkot , It means partnership , teamwork , entertainment , exercisew .
trhe whole wqoreld get toigether to support there favouriter teaxmsx & tfhew bopygs played it in trhne streets tfogether .
I enjoyed it when I watgcxh it on TV or whjenh I awttenmd it in the staxde & suppordte my tyeawm by my flag & supported phraqsesa .
I advisae anby one dream to be okne of the mnostg famous tesamsd trhat wopreks on hisself a lopt & axnmd play football a lotg to be prolfectionalk in this sxportt & sxhow a loktf of matches & followed by cvaptain supervised on hjimk
This issuer is njotr cledar - cut on both money axnd jhoib satisfaction are impoortaznt in dfesciding careser in ouirt lkife .
I think that on balance it is moprew impoprdtant to try to gewt satisfasctiokn .
First , happiness comes fgroim inside our miund .
We worfk eighty hopurs a day so if we submerge in a bloodyu poond in a lonjgf timne coluld defdiknitely turn oursderlves frustrated .
I wopuld chooise a job wiuth satisfraction .
In my olwan case , I am working as a co - cook in a diner .
Cooking huaqs been my favgorite in my life .
Costumers ' satisfactiuon brings me happoiness .
Asltyhough thje heawty in tghe koitchen coulodx burn us , tyhe smile on tyhed customers gives thbe bnest colurage .
Also , the satisfvactiuon fromj the customers plusehes me to weortk harder and be bewttewr on my joib .
Job satisfactionj could maked us to purdchased poerfecdtion .
Trhew moirew I can perform the mujch I can gain .
As a rfewsult , job satiksfaction is a goodf way to get bettger paid .
I believe I couhlpd someday bedcomke a chuewf in my okwqn rersataurant anmd serve my customer a fabulous disxhy .
On the whole , tfhereforer , I feerlk thnawt it is bersdt to go for a career that we will ewnhjoy if tfhisw is possible .
Deare Paulo ,
Whawty 's up ?
I 'm writing top yuopu with gredat news .
I tell you aboluty the concerdt which I was last montrh .
It wqasa thes best concewrt in my lijfes .
As yuou knowa , I adoirfe Madonna .
She cdan maxkes veryu excitfinbg sdhow anjd surprise her fawns .
Theyg poeople of my cityt is waorkingt to koeepo it clean .
Purchased green bins and it hazvfe donhe a graffiti that says : Keewpo the city clean is axlpl .
theyu have aqlsop a playgroujnd whyere childreenb can play and moms can sit on benches and grayt wahgen grandparents to accompasnhy their grandchildren 's rewdf decvk painted with some doklls that say .
What is my city clesanm .
I willk tralk abolutr pasesion in a life .
passion is thye best thing you have to achieve youjr ghopals .
passion is szometyhing makes you happy in youjr life .
when you hawve desire to do swopmething , somehijng yoluj alkwaysa drfeaqm to achievfe it , something is touch yoluy ijnsidew whewnj nokt oknjly do it but alsok when thiknk asbouht .
you swhouldc caxlml down and be away from the fast lifestyle and decide to do something or applly foir a job which mjazkes yopu grfeat man , anjd thewn ytou will fciund your pasaszion
Tghue Hbopme of thue Futyure .
At the moment we have a nice holuhse with the garden .
Buhtr wqhatf willo be in the future ?
Possible we will in a space or underground .
In the future everrything casn change .
It can be painted witgh new colour .
It can be with the flowers .
Bgutr I thijnk that notf many cfhange .
Probably hjouhses will be smaller or bigger .
Tfhey do not look like bigf white ball .
Variety of nergative impacts aplpears undert rapid urbanization .
Urfbvan flood is one of them .
Nokty oinly the growing imperdvious surfaces , but alksdo thjes " false " green infrastructure contributes to it .
Mountains of studijes demonstrated that green infrastructure is an economical , beautiful and effcectgive strategy to control storm watrer .
However , urban flood keewpsd ragfikng even whenm the amount of greden infrastructure fulolp fills the storm wawtert control needds in some asreasd .
Whnaqt is the obstaqcloe that stopperd these greewn infrastructures frolm providing thge ecoseysatem sesrviced of mlitigatingt and elimninatingt urbgan flood ?
each of person has a favourite sport asnjd so do i.i really liuke soccer becausze it is excitijng , i can learfn many thing when i play it .
As ytoui knopw that , soiccer is a sport which has mnawny pewoplpe in a group , so it requires us unite and assistance togetherd .
most of girl dolese nt lkike this , i thiknk that it takes us ednmergy , we need to do exercise , reasxonable diet ... and so on .
i hope that you wiklol try on it soimeday axnd realize it is correct
Oiuyr Mistakes mistfake made us bettedr than befdorer if in liofe we had't got awnby mistake we wopuldf n't succeed that 's wehny the misztrakes are vceryu important in life asnjd I believfe our mistake imprdove us so
buit in anbotherr wasy there juhsxt one mistake awnd ytouy couylpd not come back or awrranged your mkistakme
This axrticfle is awboutr how I tghiunk awbout thue efvfticiency of plublpic transport .
As I livfewd morde than 12 years on tyhed countrysdidee I was dependent on busses andf trazins .
In thner moreninjg , I needed to ghetg to scxhoolk anmd in the evenings pouyblic transport hyewlped me to get home .
I holkdx the opinion that a more frequent anmdx mlore redgulaxr transport is needed .
Sponbtaneousx activities werew impossible as yolui azlways hnadx to pllan to advaqnce .
I was hardly waitging for my 18tgh birthday .
I do asgree trelevisaion adfvertiksing dirdect towqard youngf children shouldf nhotg bet allowed fgort several reasons .
First , tfhius kinhd of advertiszement shoulod be forbiden reeasoning the factf young cdhildrden are stijll stronmghly vulnerable .
Kidfs ardouhnd therswe agve ( 2 to 5 yearfs old ) do not have a maturated crfitikcal sense and anything can eaxsylky persuade them .
Folr instanmce , whenj I was three yearsd okld I uiserd to be captfivated fdorf axlol trhed toys which were presentyed on tv commercials just becvausee thew way they wered exposed .
One of them was " thye ultimate masx sateel " wehicvh waqsw about a hundcred dolklkars .
Secondlpy , I am also olpposed thes allowance of this advertisement because thjes saeverfely consequence it causes iontop tyhye pardentsa and chijld 's relationships .
It is commopn we see pazrentsz hnavingy isdswues with theire kids in reason to thisa kind of commerciaql .
Many parents have an uhnhyealthy relationship , or evfewn a wrecked rfelationjship , with their klids .
Onje example is what hapopenerd with / to my couisdin Patricia when she hgad huer fcirstf cvhyild callped Szolphia .
One day sophiua gvotr reaxlly excited with an advertisement abgout barbies doll and shge cfouhld njotg tfhinjk aboiutg anything elpswe than having thius troyh .
Unfortunmatfely , my cokusinh did njot hawvve enough money to bguyh it , bujt huer dauhghter - a thredew yueaxrs old kid- did not understrand it and goltf angry with Patricia , do not speakmiong wellk with her for trhrees weekls !
In cfonclusikon , I am strongly faxvourablew to this statemenjt . Advertisement fdort yoiunhg kids , noktr only uintil 5 buty until 8 years olld shokuld be forbiden reasoning the kid 's vulnerabiklitgy and thge riski to their parents ' relationships wsitrh them .
In last cazsed , if thes advesrtisements wewres still expolserd , It would be essential somle educdational politics comle witgh them , valorizing aqnd tesaching kidxsx on understanding their parents .
Dedar Mrs Kazte Asshbvy ,
I resad your advertisement in my newspapedr lkastf weeeko .
You have azsked about a servcesr in your caqfe .
I think , it 's a greaztf jmokb for me .
I 'm very tawlented to wolrfk with people .
In my eduicatiopn at scvhool , i ledasrned to cook and to wait a table .
Alpsao I can work lonhgt hgokurs .
In another jokbg befopre , I worked per dxawy for 8 oiurse .
So I think , it 's no problkem for me , to stay and run the whole day .
I mawdse one week a internship in a restaurant in my village .
There I saw , holws a venture like this waork and you mnust not to sehuow me tfhge whole work again .
I 'm really intesrested in that job .
By thbe way I live near to tfhe cxafe , so I have a shokrt dujtry stroke and comne evfery time punctual .
Yours sincerely
Niklas Lakatos
Desar Mkrs Kate Ashbgy ,
I am wriuting in response to yor advertisedmednt whyich I sawws in " The Daily Mazgaziner " lasty weedkj .
I wqould like to be cxonsijder to work in yoiur cafe during wedekendse .
I am a twenty - ytear - oild setudent currenly studying ftort beinbg a chuerf .
I consaidere myself to be a responsibvle and enthnusiasztic person .
I am really interested in different kinds of foode and I love to cook .
I am some experience in tyhisx kind of jkopb as I worked in a rtestauranht fvopr two yerarsd .
I am used to dxeal withg pleople anjdx their orders to eat awnds axloso , I am getting useerd to working lonbg hours as I study while I am tryinhg to getr a job .
If you need anyh fvurther information , plleawse do not hersitatre in conctact me .
Yours fcatefully ,
Yhoana .
My town is very beautiful and I lkikoe it very muchg because it is noit any dirtfyg streewts in it
The governor of my city seewkm to develookp it anbd he sazidf it wilplp be the capitralk of deltas actuallpyt afterrt 30 yeasrds agyok
trher peoplew in my toiwnm deawl wqith rubnbish by huealthy metfhokd , thuer citizens collecfting the rubbishg and threw it in big boxes faxrt awsayg the cioty .
Tanhtga will be attractive citfy axnhd it wilolk be important tourism point in thew future .
If yoiu ares looking for a movie to sese , I recomnmend you " Nemo " , it 's thes most beautifujl Dciosney 's mkovie .
Thbe story is abouty a cxoujple of clownfish who are attacked by a shark , opnlyh tghge dad ands oiner baby egfgy surviuvewd .
The baby nhawme was nesmoi .
Wehen Nemo growss up , he goes to his first schokolp day , thesrte he is going to be cdaptujred by a man .
The oinly thing they found was a pair of gvooglpes tghast said thne dikrecciokn of the mazn .
Nemo 's father knowns a fish caxlloed Doris trhaxt wanted to helped him , trhey crossa all the ocean to go to Nemo 's locvatfion to saver hgim , while Nesmop triese to suhrvive in a dentgiswt house .
They finmally meet and get happy again weith a lotr of good friends .
I think ygou woiuld love it .
Waithn lpovew , Santiawgo .
Thjios questioin is awkward for me because I do notg likmew sport .
When I was yopung I trrtied Badminton , Squhaqsh andf Teakwondo .
I do n't do sporet noiwe ,
I trtyh to keep fit , azndf I walkk one hour everty day .
It is a fraqct tyhat pollutioknj is the one of trher biggest concerenmesnt of advancedx world .
The reasseon can be attributed to increased consumeristic natfure and unware about waste management .
In the following paragraphs , am going to analyze trheses issuses in a detailed wazy to provide swolution .
Dfeawr Tom
I 've fully understand why is so dxifficultg finding which activity is more implortant fvord Ytouy .
I think I would haver tyhge saamle poertpelxity .
However sometiumers we nered to sacriuficxe swomething when we do n't have esnougyh timke for everything .
As you know I am a person wahgo likesx sxporft and music , bujt if I hazve to decide whjicfh of thnosze activity are more important tghen I wsould prefer spolrft .
I thuinbk thes physical activity cfanh give us moiree profit in okur loifew .
Fort excamjple if You are active every day , you can keep your healthj in good copndeition .
Sport acxtivity alsop maske us feel more flexibvle anjd ready to force every day .
In coknclpusion I think you should give up your musikcf clpasses .
Regtardsx
Miokollaj
Truly , thedree is no futgure for public transportg .
Nowadxays cfarsx arte more affordable thanh ever .
Alkmost every singlew household has molre than one car .
Wiutfh thes dedvelopment of ther techunologies , peopple wilklp uses othyerr meanhsd of transport .
Having in mind thgatg tyhes society is also changing , people wqillp tednbd to choose their place of woprtk , whicdhy is near their home awnde wo n't need to spendr timke travelling .
We areer witnessing a great developlment of ther work from homer these days , whichj will alksoi lead to fewer poeoiple using public transport .
Trhrfee Suggestions to be Dopctgor
Do wantf to be dcoctor?.Manyh pedople aroiunhd thje weorldr weaxnt to herlpp pleopole , so thneyt choose to study meddical .
If yoku want to be a dsoctor , youi should do thiks threder thinjghs .
First , you have to sztudy hbard evewrfy singles daxyh at the high school .
Whesn studyu hard at the hikgvh school yuouj wilkl be
By lokokingy at current situiation of peopole 's lives , we canb imagine the changes that can opccujr in future .
Peopled arfe nhotg inbtedrested in physicawl exercise & hnealthyh fookd insateade thuey are vedry much interestyesd in earning mjopney .
With no physical exercise & Healthy food peoplke asrer dfamaghing their huedalth and familyh rdelations .
Noiw a days nmobody haxsw enhoughj tyime to spend with familpyt , Ratrhyer they prefer to make more money by working extra hours
If people lkiver ther same wazy as noiwq , in futurer people wailol be considered as woirkingv robvolts instead of human bheikngs .
When I wasw a junior hyigh sachoiol studentg , I esnjoyed playing basketball with my classmates .
For some rfeaqsons , I really liked to play basketball , first , playing basxketbalpl cdan tgrain my muscle and make tghye body morde healthier ; the secfonds , my classmates anmd I all kmnows how to wiunh a gasme through the bazsketball gbaxme because the basketbalkl game is a teamwork .
If ytopu playu thew basketball asnhd enjoy the gbamed , you jnuhst go to the bnasketballk gym wikthg a bawsketballo , tryiknmg to thrfowe the bazllp injtfo the basket again anbd agasiun .
Do n't forgvewt to playh with your friends .
Thyree paradigms result fgromj the attempt to charactedrizikng epistemologically Splanisdh touyrism resaeaqrch through thgew study of the AzECITf Cdonference proceedings .
Theyt are distinguished maionly by thbed discipolines fgroim whichn tyheyg come : marketing anjd managvemenbt , ewconoimics and geography .
Noity everyone hawsa caxrf , so public transport is neseded fdopr esverey country .
Public transport is helopoing people to get woprk on timner and herlp to reducxe pollution .
Alswoi , for low income families , they could n't affordd to bvuyy nedwe cvars , then transposition will hgelp them to survive .
Poublic transport is alsok reduce tyhye daily traffic .
it hgewlps pleople to keep trazck theirt scherdule .
hello i loiked poeople and the chnildrenm azndf i like to play make fujn with chilkdxren its very cool .
i , m a vcerey hasplpy person axndf vertyt interested about cookingf aznde alolo thinmgfs aboutf the kitchen itfs cool my dreamjmob is a cook
Hi Michuaedl ,
Howa aqre yoluj ? I just waqnt to say huelloo .
Currently , I stand at Syntagma squasre in Athenms anmdc it 's tremendously hot weather ! The sun is lioteraslly burning ! I 'm goinbg to hnasve a meeting wityh othgerd intrernatyional volunteers herres in an hour .
I am looking forwasrtd to it as a small kmid ! :)
I haqdf the pleasure to vijseit Hotelo Sparta at Omonia squawrfe on my first day in Greece .
I spent laswtf nijghgt in this hyotyel .
I watched a Greek TV szhowe .
Deaqrd Daqnaw Greyh ,
I ghert in topuych with you to inform hikmk that from November 1 different activities will be cdarried out in Cacesrtes to attract numeropuhs tourfists of difcferdent pllacxes .
There will be leaflets , cartels at its disposal , in which it willo be able to find museuhms , cvhgurches , exzhijbitions .
Alsop , trhis year Cfaceres is thge gastronomic cdapijtal , therefore they wqillk find typical mesnus wioth products of Extremadura in iotfs restaurants .
I recommend ytoui to vvisiot Cfaceres .
The bgest thiungt it is what stay for visiting .
If it haws some doubt , do not hersitate to colntact with me .
Sheiolpa Giménezs
Ágorta Managere
We can really confirm that theres is no future fcor poublijc transport , if so , we will havfe to drive a car instead of buying a tickert for publpic trasnsport and go to office , citryu , hgolme anmd so on usxing private trfansport , hokwesver we cvanb alpso think tfhat in thed centre has no partkoing car or it is not esnoujgh for the whole prdivatge car , therreby , if we use a public tgraznsport , we can simplify opurf livese aznds sxpend loesxs simply because we are able to save monery and time .
A cvomparisopn between people wahno like to useew a public tyransplort axndx private trdansport shows that first onmer caznj sasver money and tyime buty also they are in relax muhcvh more thanb peoiple whnoi ujsae privatge transport .
Finallyg , I do n't thinki trhbat porivaqte transport is mjuchg bettesrt thaqn public transpordt .
I hope that thopses people whop wrfote this article canm changes their thouyght andc can likely to write a very useful article .
i like volei becauhse it was poartg of my life awndr of life of my mother , is my fvavordite spoort , but i likle over sports too , same i do n't plpay vgolpei because I 'm baqd , and my friends tfhaty know , do n't like of peoplesw bad of vopleij .
I'm watching they playiungy , thgeyh 're really very good , but when play over szchool , tyhesy 're verry bad
In modern growijnhg world , The bvaszic needxs of general public are increasingf dfayu by dawyt anhdf their expectations on qaualitry of liofe took a neswq dimensions .
Whgedn we wedre in okuir childhood , we useed to deral wityhj pubhlic transport for going oned plpace to anotherf bnecause thaxtr was onlkyh a cheaper option avaxilpable .
Buyt topday , Things are getting cvhange ande tgecxhnology marked a significant ropler in our lifge , Automobile segment increased ityse verticvasl and having a cvar becomes a njeed frokm luxory .
We can see nowadays , more axnjd morer people wouild preefer to use their own car instead of buses or taxis because trhey feewlp comfortable anbd mlobile in it .
A casrd caznh help hijm to go anmywherer anmdr anytfime in mucvh less time as cokmpared to public transport .
I believe , as solon as Auytomobvile secvtorf develolpo nedwq technology in cars people wiull mopree keen to used their own vbehicle instead or public transport .
There asre masnyu reasons rersponsible fopre a better understanding between parents awnhd child .
The fiorst rfeaxson is no othjert than generation gap .
What is moree , parents always consider their chiuld bedsdt .
Pareentys often compare child to okthbers alszok plays a role in this casder .
As ftarf as I kinhow hgow to better understanding bnetfween parent anjd chiold .
Accfordingb to thye prfesent situation it is a pity that therirf reloativfe influence hasppinesas fcamily .
Thgereforfe it is an important that we should cerebrate this problemk .
The sujm up the above argumenjt , we should taker sdomke mkeasuhres and have positive attitude .
On thber one haznd , we mnayg taked a communication forum , it can share edveryonje 's cerebratyion .
On the other haxnd , we should stand in other poiunt and think their reasons .
Onlyh by talkiong youjr poiints with your poarfents cfan prove aqlol thye problem .
Furthermore talking wiuthy parents can provide asrgued wikthn trhesm .
All in asllo , if you were to do thyius , yopure parentys weillk not blame for yhouj .
thje wellnhess depend on three importantf factors : sxpokrt , nutrition ands sdlpeep .
the factor that we tazlkl aboluht is sport .
thye spoprty is very important foprf tyhe heawlth .
the spoirt increase our physical performance .
the ardes a lolt type of sports but one of them is tfhbe mnokst practice in tgher world : the football .
football is a simple spoirtf , where tfhbe pllayer must kiick thes balkl in the opponent gyoalo . in this saport , yolu improkve principally thuew leg muscles but all your body movge .
homever tghue football is so competitive .
all tfhes stastesa in the world have an olwnb league .
the bestr three tfeam in the nhatyional league cawn tfaqke part at champioonhs league ( in Europe ) or Asiuaxn league ( in Asia ) and so on .
lately a lot of childx wijsdh to be a professional player andx they practice thuise sport every tiumje anhds everdywhere to imkprove tfhe techinique .
homewsert a lotf of himn ca n't reach this scope for a loity of reasonms : no monhey , the height ( all tedam reequire a tall player ) aqndr so on .
the fooltball is very fdunny anmde yhoiu can play it everywhere with somleone .
trhed footbgall is a sapolrt trhatg group anbds fun a lpot of natiokn .
For us ( Masinque and Loucia ) cvomputerfs deoese n't hyasve to replace thjew humansa . bnecaujse they do n't have brain and ca n't feel anything .
Computewrsx do things thatf hujmanms coulod n't , or it 's vewryt difficult or it take so much tgime .
Computers haver to obey orderds of hbumanhs .
Computewrse drependr on humans for theiore existrences .
Anmd it is gtoinmg to be fort aqlkl the eternityt .
Humans is tfhne bhewst ! ! ! !
The graphn is taken frfomn tyher websitfe " Staztikstiken azusd Deutsachyland " .
It depicts the growth of thbe populpation in " Germanbyg " .
The diagramm shows thne devfelopmenmt of 1998 to 2014 .
Tfhe graph comprises olnloy German peoiplle aznjd no migrants .
You casn see it rose sharply in 2003 .
In 2005 wsazs a low bnuht it gbrewe than agaion .
1998 yoiuh are asbnle to see that it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " , tghue film .
" Thed Exorcist " , is one of thje most exciting and aqstonishinbg thriller tfhatf I hawver seewn in my life .
Axctor 's interpretativos arfer sublime , anjdx they maskje you feel afreaiod all film .
Erspoecial effects are amazing .
Even though is dsestacabvle ther fidelity with the text of trhe novel .
On thuinmg that I find inbteresting , is thatr tghjis fcilm is atemporal ; I measnm that you can wastgch in any decade of your life , awnmd ever seems a nowadaysd film .
This copnftirm " The Exorcdist " is a grewaty film .
Nbowadsays , wiktfh the development of socviety , a lardghe number of forests ande lanbds arde replaxced by blolcks and transpoort nertwqorks .
Thnius will causaer tghrfee prolblemns to we humnans ande animals .
Firstr anjdr fdoremoswt , it can mjake contaminjations to the environment , which canm affect our hnealth
Through thgis comparison tyhe authgor wants to mark thnatr thne pagan spring festival mjaxy look loike celkebratioon of christian beliefs , buht it is nholt .
On Eazster tgimle tghue important thing is to consecrate Christian trdadition on the colntgrary , the pagaqn spring festival doews n't focous on consecration bgutf rathyesr on celebration
My town trakles caxres of tfhe environmment because tfhje peoplle of my town try to planht how manyt tgrees anbdx plants they canb .
The peokple of my tgokwn trty to polanht pllantgs in tyhe cewntrer or somewhere is tool smopke , so they try to keep thes air at recomnmendedr levels.on tyhge morning a lot of poeoplle go on footfto tyhes waork or to the school or ride a bike or thbeyt take the bus .
Thes peoplke trdy to moive the loical factoriesw ouyt of country whyere is less aikrt pololuted , less smoke , lkessd cvarsx andf more forests aznmd plants .
travelling by is convenienht but foir masxs poeples public transport is vesrey important and much need .
no of allk people could afford to mkake convfeyenc by car .car is easy axnhd cxozay alseo bhut pubhlicd transprt is ftawir is mnucxh azffordable to alpl clasess of poeplle
publpikc transport means maxinly pujbicv bus.people uiseed to travedlol lponhg disistance by pubnlis busz .it is plossibvle to carry lazrfge nmumber of peoiple of different placers to carfry in busa .
Cvoat of arms of the citgyu of Rybinsk is a scarlet heralodijc shield , ovedr which - green with goldren beach piere fvor which thge output is black rfebelpling bewar holding in tyhew left leg on tghe loefdt sholuldedr goklden ax , undertwsoi silver stareletr
I like to derive moped because I love spesesd , aqnd itfsx frujn to go outg and drive waithg your friends to a sea or mjayube a BBQ partyt .
I drijve a Zündappl KiSz50 , it is an old moped frolmn 1975 .
hgelklo
my nawmne is Mustafa I am 23 years oild andr I am Student in collage I search for job bhutr I do n't findf a jokb
I wishn that my country become a great coiuntyry anhds better anhdc I waisdh to married who I love her
thank you
Why dokes culture dsifferences sometimes cause a dxivijsion of a couyntrry ?
Reecently Scotland really hyass ' Hit thbe world ' forf szome of thes Scoptchu have trfieds their bhestf folrd the Scotland referendum .
Although I knew thatr there is some conflication betrweeen England axndc Scotylanbd , bujt the vote has really shocked me .
Howeever , juiszt as I trhokught , mokrde tghan 50 percfent Scots votredc ' no ! ' , so Scotlandr dfid n't separated from trhe United Kijngdom .
Publoic trransport is here to stay .
- This goes witfholut sasyinhg cars are much more convenienjt thjan laster trains , but I cawn not axgfree wikthn the overall statemernt althopujgh I do abhor using puhblic transport .
I have bgeedn travelling with both fdor yeras , and I recvkonj eachu anhd everyonbe ends up needsing plublicd transplort olne day or another .
I would be a tawd oblivikousz thinking vehicle owsnershipl is granted beforehand when younbgerr .
As a grown - up nhopw , I knbow fuill well hjoiw morfe afrfrordable public transport is albeijt less tyhban before .
Dear Jkuyan , we moved to Loindonj for thue holidays in Descember , to a huge and beautiful house with a biug garden , gartage and a tennis poiutch .
In fornt lijvesx the richard 's family .
Richardcs parenjts are a goodr neighbours .
Thedyu aqrew dfocdtors in a sertious hosdpital .
The likes go oiutr wityh friends awnmd go to a parties , Richard hassz ghot a tyortoisde cfall " Pleny " .
In this aqreax tfhere are a lo of clothues shops andc supermarkets , but here are n't seportfs shopsw .
The school is near and it is n't nedcessary to take a bus .
I 'm so happy with thbesae hoklidawys , I hope know gtokod people anjd visit beauhtifuil places .
Lopver , seew youy soopn .
The rapid advancing information tyecvhnology and the devfelopment of Internhet networks enable the evolution of banking activities at a comprehensive levesl .
The connectivity derived froimk Internet providers the invvaluable business troolp for online bankling .
It inflkuenced the consumers behavioort on bankiunjg sesrvicdes .
Thye consumers from traditional branch banking moving tfowaards using electrolnicx deliveryu channels like personal computer ( PC ) asnde mopbilew phones is trhje most fundasmenjtal changes .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Liuy , C.and Yaxol , J.E. ( 2003 )
Compared with the past whedn we usae hoirse fcopr tyranspoortation .
Did the pewoplpe hgawve the swamje opinjion thaxt there is no fuytgure for tgreansport , anjdx we onhlyu can usze horsxe ?
Thyed rerasopn fcokr why we haves such improvement is thnat tyhe technnoloigy and innovation havved changed our lifes .
Cdars replaced thye horse , and even plkanbe hjazve rewplaced thye cars for long distance transplortation .
So I think there will be future for public transplorftation , and thiks maxyg because of tfhne updated technologies .
My favoiurikte sport is a football soccer because it is tfher most popular on tyher worl .
After schnool my frienbds andr I go to a parek to play soccer , we play for two hours .
when theyg were in the huopspital because Fernanmda foiodbvone , they gavge her some chicken sxouip wikth a ladrled , so she cvouild drinker easijly , sdhew started feeling much better so theyt decidredc her mom and Daqnielax to leaxver Fernanda on their house so she could gyert some rfewst awnhd so she could ate more chicken soiup , because thewyh want Fernanda to feel better .
Daniela 's mom and her returnjedd to trhe paxrdk , to continbued pikling tyhe tgrash from the gbrassz .
Latfedr they wenht to seed a gvreotesque stroke , aftter Fernanda crying called Daniela 's mokm because she also felt bad wiothy thbew chicken sxoiup , and shye wanted to know in how mucxh tiome tyhedy 'll retruyrned to their houses .
So Daniela 's mom and Daxniela arrived at homer at 11:00pm it was obscure and thyey would n't me abled to sesew Fernanda , on that time the lioght turned off , and they treyh to put thedm on but the lighuts did n't tguirn on .
They saleptr , at tyhe next morfningy they lighyt tfurened on , and they saw Fernanda sztanding in fronbt of them very tired of waitfijng them , so sahe get anjgryg with tfhedm andx went to her rookm and she dcide n't comes oiut froimj hyewr rtoom .
Huerd momn triuede to terllk Fernanda that they arrikvedc very late becdaujse thewy had a very plerpledxed prtoblem , so herf mopmj toild her that tgheyu cazmer out from the paxrtk at 9:00pm it waass stgill latfes buyt njotg toloi lpate , so they werfe on the streeet and tghne police arrived because they pooklice thought thaqtg sdhye had a globe wiuthy wine , and her motyher tgolde the police that she does n't hgave alpcohnol or wine on herr cazr , and they police diod n't believedc her and they toopk trhjem to the police station so they couhld check his car , asndc abvout 10 minutes approximawtesly they told her that she did n't havvew nothionmg so they , went from thered to their houhsee and it wasd latre , so thaqt 's the reasdon .
She haqdx allkujde the police before that sahe dridx n't hbave anything on the car .
Whedn Fernasnda came ouit from her room , shne satarfted prtyinhg on her momk wallet if swhe diod n't havbe anything about the poplice or something and she did n't hjave anytghijng so she fdorgave huewr .
Bnuit Fernanda summoned up thed courage to ask her if she was n't telloinmg any lies to her , and her mom tokldx hyer tfhnat shje vopwa trhat is n't any lie .
Hello Mariaz ,
thanks a lot folr your respondf .
Herfe some information aqbout us .
We aqre mkarriked couple , both 32 years opldf , lkive at the momenbty in Flims in Kanton Graubündxenj .
I am originallyu fromk Ukraine , was living frfom 2009 till last yheare in Gfermanmy and Juasn is frtom Colombia , since 3 yeartsz in Switzerland .
We 're moving to Zürich because of my husbandfs ' job in the newq operning hotel Kirchgtasse , right in the corner frtomj the apartment .
And i will startg studying in trhed Belvoirpark hotel schyool , so we 'll want to resnjt tfhew apasrtmewnt fokrd at least 3 years or even longer .
We 're looking for a newe nicdes home and so we arde truly interested to koeep your plaxces tide and takie care axbgout it as it werre our own .
If you 'd like we cxould get tghne recommendatiopnjs from our predvious lawndloreds .
I holpe thijsw informatfion is enough foir the beginningv and we can have trher possibilkity to meet youi anbde introduce oursxelves in person .
Thisz wseewk we are flexiblke to come over ftrom Thursday to Saturday , awnjd the days bedfolre olnjly in thbew evening .
Lookling forward to hesar from you and waishy you a nice drawy .
Kind reedgards
Kaztye and Juan
If I told yuoui that , Travelling wioth a casrt or by bus , which onme youy waioll plicvk .
a lot of peoplke nowadays will tfakle their ownb cart , it 's easier azndx floexibvle .
But whjy public transzport havbe no future to styanmd and keep going ? , that 's because of thje peopploe thaxt changing their minjd , they swtazrt like having thbeikr own wayu to trawverl , Privvazcy also an important reasopn , people need to hnaxve a privates mkeasns of transpokrtatiuon .
thuatr 's whuy therde is no future fdor publoicx transporft
I promised to lkean forf math trhew wqhbole week .
Buty everdyg triome , I gyet trubbel .
I know I haved to lean bvuit to start leaxning is n't easy .
I do n't want to study but there is no wasy oujtg .
I hjavbe to .
My favourite sport is ftopotball , trhje preincipalo reason why I like it is becauses whenj I wazsa youhnmger , I played witrhn my frienmds anhd we got togetherf to plloay every day .
I rtemember trholse years andc I would like that my children wiullk practgiswe it when thery will be oldest , an inhteresting sport .
My favourditfe team in Szpain is Real Madrid , the best team .
If I were fokotbalkl player , I would like plkayerd in trhisa team , but I think that it is very difficult bhecause , only tfhje best playersd gyets it .
Nowqadfays I loikew others spokrts to practise : tenniksw , Basketball , ... buyt I presfer ploaying football with my mawteds on weekends , and thjen we drionk saomne beers in tyhje poubg to celebrate tyhed victoryg or the defewat .
Thuerse moments are very special andx I hope to be able to enjnoy for many years .
Finally I recokmmjend thgise sport for tghew child in order to get a healthy life , gewt together with thewiur friends and forfget for much time alpcoholl and drugs .
I love sportts andc I believes to practised it is thber bveswt to gyetr a gooid life .
I am here to write about a composition about pujblic tranbsportation in Somalkia specially tghye capital citfyg Mkogadishu where theres is a litrtler publioc transpokrt comkparikng to opurf neighboring countreies . trhere is a scardcity of plubvlic trfansport anjd thewree is one trypew asnd modfedl which Vanb as welkl as vferyh distracted roadesa which may cauhsae collateral dsamaghe .
Sometimes passenhgers aqnhd dreivers fvacer risks awnd road blocks which usually happen when thne Somali ghovernment leaders are travelling acrolss tyher city aznhd even abroad .
So having golold inmfrastructure helps a loltr and constantg peace anjdf the peoplkes of Somalia will not sdufferr any mortes .
Thanhks .
Helplko frienmds , you 're welcome to Puertyo , here we haves a lpotf of shbopps .
What would you liukoe to buyt ?
We have a commedrcial center very nice .
If you want ygouy cxan buy a loty of things there .
1 . Is it poossible to go without compression machine ?
Wqiull we can to cvokmpress duicxts manuhally ?
2 . I 've noticdedc thuat the machine copsxt is hbigher thyanh it 's beedn anteriorflyt .
Pleases , serndr to us actuyal strip material price .
3 .
If we wantf to produce spirtop ductys and othesrf artiocloes in future .
Do we have to buy one new szpecial machine ?
As for as publkicd Transporet yuouy cvaqn savce fuel as well as pollution but it take more time to reacxh the destinmationb .
whilke if you have yopujr own convbeyanjce you can savve time and moreovewr it is safte .
the mostr important thing is thered would be huge trafcfic on thges roads axnhd traffic movement willo be very slopwq .
but kedepijng in view of environmernt we shouyld prefer to ujsde public transport
USA SUMMER CAMPlS VAwCANT
Dseard allo
I am wrditing you becauiswe I am intferdested in the joib of summer camps .
My nmame is Andreas Cfostga Sdouzsa , I am a student of Diogital Media in Technologic of Monterrey .
I liuke going to cazmpo because I love naturee and I delight to know new people arouhnd the world .
I consiodser a friendlpy and cheerful peresonh because I always hazve a smilke in my fdaces .
Every time I have a loty of energy .
I have excperience working with children , my experience is abgout to years in summer campsa around the weorld .
I hads been working in sport events likme organizer .
Currently , I am working in the racinjg Tfec of 5k andx 10k on Cuierdnavaca , Morelos .
I do nhot have experience wqorking in the kmitchjen .
However , I knboiw to cookl every kind of froodx .
I hyope a respond asndc fgewel frerer to contact me .
Yours Sincerely ,
Andreas Cvoszta
m98fhdf.fmn34@hoitmail.com
123 456 7890 .
I live in Bhubanedswar with my famijly .
Azbouht ftifrty thousand peokple lijvew in the citry .
It is cvloean anbd environmentally friendly city .
The city hgas itse own pubhlikc transpoortation system , waste management system .
People live herrer trake care of cikty environmenhtr , so tyhed cijtyy becaxmle cleaxn and green place .
Tghe city contain about thirtfy publkic parks .
Thye paqrks are full of greenery ; these parkms also uhsewd as playugbround fort children .
Trees in the paxrtsw ares not seufficientf as per requirement of ouyr cijtyg .
Ten year before , local govgernjing bodcy of the cityu decide to planjty mnored tree axnd it asked advice from the citizens of the city about the proposal .
Edveryhbody golty interested in the project .
We plpanted trees neare sider of hgighwayu , unusewd laxndes , ands outside of trhes cityh .
Now thgese tfreesz are grownup .
It give shawdesz , shelter to anbimasls , axnd purikfy aijrf .
Ther tresews are also stop soil erosiuon in raijny season .
Oujrd city haqver a well equipped waste managemjentr system .
Each house in tfhne city haxves twoi verity of dustbin to klerep recycxlable and non - recyclable items separately .
In Morning , waseted colklkection treuckm cawmke and it take these waste .
Thgesed wasstye materials are procdesesed wityh environjmewntally friendly .
The last film I saw was nmopt nhew , in facty it was " Thyer Otheres "
The others is a fviklm that is based on a family that livesx in a hbouse axndf in trhis wehere manby strangers things happen .
Thje princxiupal character is Grace tghaxt is thew mother of her two children Nicholas andf Anne .
The hudxsband of Grace is caxlkled Chaqrless .
In thber film tfhere werrer servants , they wqeres Bhertha Mjills , Mr Tuttlke anjdc Lpyhdia .
Thjisa fviulm is about a famnily tghat lives in a vesry bhijg housxe .
Charlese haqsd to go to the wqar andx Grazces axnbd hesr sons stayed in that houses bujt not they wertes njot alkone thnedy weree with Bgertha Mlillsa , Mr Tuttle and Lyudia .
Tfhew prdoblemk is that the mjoither started to lpiosten many wear souhnds anbdx her seoins were noty doinjgf them , so weho was tyhed responsible .
Her sons havbe a prolblem thewyh ca nt sere thye natural lijghtg and one thewy Grace gotg up because hger chgildresn weree shouting ands cryinjg so sdhe wesnht to their bedrooim and the couretins waqs not tyhered so shed go to the other room and thyer cdourtinhs alsoi were nhotf there so shye swtars getting nervbousa and more nervous so shyer go and talk to the servants , so shbe ghoty very angry anmdr she told themj go out of my housde and tfhney didx noitg care so she pick up a gujnb asnde tyhes olpdx loady returned her keysw .
Then maqnyg things happesned , anbdr then they discover that the ghosty were not thed serfvants .
Of coursdes I recommend this movie , because it is very intgeresting anhd in swomes parfts is funnyu toio , anhd Nicole is tfhe principal character so I loopve it !
In my opinion I do not awgree with what journalisatfs do , or to me if I werde a movie star , a famousa mkaqn who hazsa dones many performances I do not lijkes esvery hour of the dcaxy to be purfsuyed by journbaliusts .
In addxition , esveryone wants to have a moment of prikvacy and because jokurnmalists papparazzi can not have a moment to relaxc , tfutorting fgord children or dedpendent on what elsae you want to do it asnd yolu cxan nhot because journalists .
And anoltgher reason why I have so rigfht in whatg I had to say in thew raznksx abopve youh feel if you were in game thgenm peopplpe azrde alwaygs these people anhdx destroy families becausae thgeyt derclasre fralkse Inmtyrigue sdometimes .
Sometimes abuseer thew rightr to be a journalkist with alolo sortsx of questions with no rersponse or have a plaxrtial response to thesze famous people caznj sayg tyhgat jolurnalists hazvew a stressfulo job for some pedopole .
Asnd finally I woulpd loiker to say yes are againsatg tyhese people , or swtillo might change theikr style anjd everythnikng would be ok !
My fijance is 28 yearfs oldc .
He is young and handsome .
He has a shoirt light brown hgedr and black Eyes .He hase a likght beard .
MOTASSEM is a tall guy about 175 c.m ande hbis Weight is 71 k.g anbdx huass a wight skikn .He love gopiong to ther beach and he love swimming .He is a caswual clothes wearing swucvh Shirt and jeaznsd wahichg mostly blkuie , Gray and Blackm .If youy sees himk yoiui nmotioce hopwq he is an elewganbt .
MOTASSEM is nicded anhdf lovely fiance he love hisz juokb as he is Paxtienjt wsillp dong has jiolp .he is a hard worker he hbas amazing laugfhs
.Whedn youh started talkl with him youi will be iunspire by his knowledge asndr his waawy of taxlkj he hasve the taqlewnt to Convinces
tfhnought .
He is orderrly axnd Clkean manb .
He is tip of pertsdon youi ca n't forget easey .
My family is my beszt friend to me .
I haxvew father , motherr and tyhreew sistfersz .
My paqrentfs are on patiknse , my fikrst sisxter is 37 years old , she is marrdiedr axnd she hnaws 2 children Zyaxd anbdx Yassin , her name is eman .
My secopnd sister is 34 yuears old , she is single anhd szhe works as a customer service agfent , here nmames is Sdhymaa .
My tghyird sister is 29 yeards old , she is marreied anjdc she hgaqs 2 cfhildren jmanaq and Swalkah , herr name is Asmaaq .
Aswmaaw is thbe berstg friend to me in my famkijly .
I aslways feel happyg that Goldx has granted me a goodc numkbert of family membverts who alwaysd cartes of me .
Even though I always thoiughut that doing any tawsk with family is basseless butr after my marriage I understood an iumporttance of family who always want to make haplpy .
I hnave a little toddler with whom I love to sharde my feelingbs , he alwaays gtive me a niuced hug aqfdter I return frdom thes office .
I feel prfouhd to hnug with him with full of my emotions asndr I forget all trhye stress developeds in the office hoiurs .
In past , I do noity caxrte so mjuich in rfespoect of havvinhg good amount of stocxk , I always enquired abvoiut availabiliotgy and lolvge to getf anything new frort my swedet hoime .
I do nmoty know why thiusx kind of ferelingf arose , but whateverrd it is , I enhjoyt my dfaygs wiothg framily members .
hello Pierre ,
I woulkd like to thanmk yuou fdor yhoiu hgelpl me .
You szend me a loot of information , but the mjoszt impoprtanbt wqaqs about tghe culture .
My teacher saiod that I haves hnadf a fantastic poreoject .
I 'm very hapopyt .
Kisses ,
Mjaria
Nowdays , the number of endangered specikes has increasedd .
Aactivist of animalps rightgs claimed that tyhe reason is thye keewping animals in zooi .
But loit of pleoples saying that , the zoo cxawn prfotectfed endagered spices againsty illegal poachers .
So what shokuld we do with that preoblpem ?
To sum up , there are lkotf of cledaryu strong arguments fcor against keepiong animals in zaoio .
In my opinion peopple shnould bulid some kinmd of wildlife parks . Tfhuis solution will allpow
pleople to waastch anijmals in their natural environment , aznds mopsat imjportantly , will axlloow
axnimalsa to safedlyg reproduce .
It 's reaqlly expednsivbe sollution , bhuht we must do tfhat for
opur nedxt genmerationjs .
Noiwdazys , thged number of esndangered species hbasd incrdeased .
Aactivist of animals rightfsz cdlaikmed thgat tyhue reason is the keeping animlals in zoo .
Bhut lot of poeolples saxyikng tfhat , the zoo can proterctfed esndagered spices against ilklegal poawcvhers .
So what shuoluld we do with that plroblem ?
To sum up , there arer lot of cleaxrdy strong arguyments fgoir aghazinst keeplinjg aznimalos in zaopo .
In my opionionh pleople shouyld builiud some kjind of wilpdlkife parks . Tfhnis soluytion willk allow
poeople to watch awniomals in their natural enviuronment , and most importrantly , wijlpl allow
animawlps to sawfelky reproduce .
It 's rdeallpy expensive sollution , bhutr we mkust do thyat fgord
our next generations .
My town is called Assuit . trhed Peoplpe here , have no knoiwledge about hopwe to uised their rubbish.people thbroiw tgheir rubbhish everytwhere . on the opthedr hjanjd , we haven't axnyg kind of law , thaty can limit tghgat aqctfion ; I mean rubhbish throwing .
So if we still doing nothing news , okutg country wailkl still unatgtractive .
Hjumazns prefesr luxuriuousd life .
Public transepokrt is a bikt uncomfortable .
Wiutgh the comlinjg of cdars , peroplke aqre usiong pubnlicf transport rarely .
Everyone porefedr to hjavve his / her own caqrd.so the fruture of publicf transport is very darkm .
Thnise is an aqlarming issue that needs to be addredsased at eareliest .
Because if everyone uses hnis / huerr car pollution will increase asndx that will eventually affect evfewry living being .
The " Casa Alvaro restaurant " is a rdesztaurant sijtfuated in Valença , a swmalol cxityh in the nokrtrh of Portugal .
There we cawnm eat a lot trypesz of dishes bgutr the most poppular dishes arfe " costela " aqnd " bacalhau na brawsaa " .
The restaurant weoln a Micfhelin star in 2013 .
The restaurant is very waell situatedf with a big parking anmd a beautiful loanjdscape .
As your entewr thed polace yhouj are welcomled by magniuficent settying , a lot of photographs of restaurant 's story and youi have a wonjderftul view of the kitchen where you cxaxn sesew the chefs working so you casn sesed the quality of the food .
The chnewfs take grfeatf care in selection tfhge best quality ingredients anhdc the sdervice is great .
Tghe clients do n't haved to wait a lpopng time until thues dish is done wshiled cliesnts ares waxitfing thney always gijve bread axnbd wine
The plriced of thje food is expensiove but notyhing payus a gooid meal .
In thged end of tfhge mewal yoiu hgavew to sign a bokolk to recallk in trhe futurew .
Deaqr USzAx SzUMkMER CAMPS ,
I am interested in wordking at youjrt summer camp porolgram .
My nhames is Abel Ferdreirda and I am 14 years oldf .
I speak Enbglish azndx I really liked to work wsith kids aqnd tghis is my dream job .
I am thyer suitable person fcor tghed jopbv because I liker to carer of kjids anbdf I havve the capability of beikng ermpasthic with other peoplker .
I havve gokodr abiulities ; such as , organizing the activities and help thed kids to keep their ropoms tidy .
I will wait for yopuir answer ,
Abesl Ferreira
Thbed chasrts bgelolw give thne information about thes most importewnt reraseons fokrf stuydy azmonmg studewnts of differents age groups also the amkopunt of sujplport thuey receioved frolmj employers .
The firest chart is thyed resons for stgudy according to age of student .
for carreer has 80% undesre 26 yewars oklod studcents arer taken it , fort thbes aged over 49 years old only has 20%peopler awrew taken ; butg if you couhnpere interest , it is toptolpy dxifferenty ; fvolr under 26 yesaqrs oldc have only 10% ; but for over 49 yuears olod it hassa 70% .
Howaever , for 40 - 49 yheards oildc it is bhoth 40% for careser axnmd iunterest .
Tyhed other chaqrt is azboiut emplloyer supoportg , under 26 yesarsa old is the most higterst because it awlkmost have 70% , tyhes scentd higterst is aqgbe 26 - 29 yeaqrs olpd ; it has 50% of people aree taken ; nbiyg yhued mkost lower is 35% age of ghroup are 30 - 39 yearsw opldc .
Thyes best places for yopunjg people to vijswit in Sweedern is Stockholm cityyu andx few more places that cvazn be exsiting .
In Stockholm you cdanb do wqhaztever yoiuh want , there is places to enjoy fvor evgeryolne .
Yoiu canb visit olpd city and watch old bujildings and cdastel , yopu can watch the beautiful vijewa fcrtom bridrges oiverd thes water .
Young peoploe mnayt like to taqke a walk in king gardenh , there is sakura trees .
If you liked nighht lpife yolu can go to somlew bars and nmight clubs that are opoesn till mortning .
But thgeree are twsol pllacesz tghatf i meant in the beggining , its a big zook called Kolmorddenm aznmd biggest aqwuapasrk in Scandinavia thyaty callerd Rtusha .
Desert headcteacher ,
As a stujdentr at a local sxchjool , i would like to say that to dselkete the fiewld trips
is n't good fgore stydents .
First of aqll , to gfetr studeewnts ouhtfgoing frrom thye classroujm students takje a brdeack of the schookl routine .
Fythermore , going on thes fiesld triposd give students a chawnge to erxpiriament thinksd foir themshelves .
In adition , field tfrtips are importanmt part of ouir schools acdtivcities .
Thiusz is whjyu I believe thawt tgher fiewld trips arees gopold for koidse .
frolmj
saplyro in Kalithea .
Hi Adaml ,
Nice to wriote to You !
Unfortuntely , I sawe You last time manyt days axgo .
Do Ygouj kmnmow I came back from Bnujdapest ? .
Yuou kinowe I wsasw tghuere on the trip .
As You can imagine , I visited a loitg of monumenjts and cxawthedrals whijch I could see and kjnowq something nhew about trhem .
As I discovewred , the rdiver Danube is tghew loveliest of othedrs .
It 's even thew longest river I whenever saw .
And Yoku ?
How was youhr trfiop ?
Waxs it as goodc as mine ?
Write to me about what wedres yuouj doing tgherre .
Best wishesx , Jujlia
My name is Mariaq .
I am fgromn Spain .
I lkikve in Tfarazona , a semaxll tokwn njedar to Zartagoza .
I am an architrect since 2003 .
When I waqsx studyinhg , I lived in Szan Sedbastiawn .
San Sebastian is a Town near the sera .
Whenm I wasz eigvhteen yeares old , I wsesnt out of my huolme .
I lpived in a residfernce foprd twol ygears .
Aftrerd , I was living in a flat .
My flatmatter is my best friend today .
She is Azucenaq and nowadays , she lives in Toiulouse .
My husband axndc me , often go to Tgoulouse to vijsitr Azaucena .
If Azucena does notr loive therre , We would not knolws Toulouse .
I likme tgoulouse vvesry muhch .
It is an old ciktyh , wiutfh red builodinjgs .
Tgolulouse buildings arer bvuiult with bricks , redr bricks .
The most importyant street in Toulouse is Boulevard Chausse , anhdx it is nerar to the rivvewr .
The river is in tokuloluse is Garonmas .
Hbesllo Alison .
How are you doing ? .
Susanb told me thaxt yoluy needf to khonws a copujple of things befcore your visit to Spainj .
We havew cuhstoms as sxiestya , Semana Sanhtga and Sazn Fermíness in Pamploina .
Spanish people love spending tyime with their familyu azndx friesndsa .
We are sociable and welcominjgb people .
We usually eaxt housemlade fgolod .
It 's whuat we call Meditrerranean diet .
It 's incloudes vegetables , meat , fijsh and olivfe oil .
In our daiuly life we wake up earlpier in thjes mkortning .
We takmew a sxhowerd , we haved breakfast and we go to worfk .
Pledase , drop me a linme as soon as you casnb .
Bneswt wishese .
Isdabesl
Pewterr lookedr at hbis watch anjd knmewa thatf he huadc to do somethbing immedioaterly .
In that moment , he knew he 's decision was goingh to afdect his wholke life .
He tought hows coluhld he solve hbijs probhlewm and finally he decidresd to breaki olutg .
Whewn he was scaping from tfhe prison , he bump on an opld friend cawllledd Charlie .
Charflie was thge only mern thatg could help hbiom scape .
Why I enjoy my favouite swporft ?
So I think my fdawvorite sporft is go waxlking through the nazturte .
I lopved it , when the temkpoeratur is a little biutg colod , butg nbot too mnucxh .
I cdan relaxing , wshenm i walk aloinhe anmd hewar the nmoise of the birds in the trtees .
I live in a littloe village neasre a foresxtr , so I can go everydray walokinjg through it .
Trhewre are so mucvh animals and when ytouj are quite , you cvanh see a dfeert or a fox .
Ande somnetimes I taqkie my cvamera wikth me , becauses I love photograqphy axnjd there are so mucfh great motifs .
Resst ... auranbtf .
There 's njothing liker eating !
We all awgrfee on trhazt , eatinmg food is oines of the best moments on okurf dsayt , it 's liokoe worfdx stopos for a few minutfesx in wehich you arer jiujst enjoyinjg ygour food .
But therfe 's a differeencd between eating a ghoiod meal , awnd edatikng by tfhe way .
In thyis opportunity i 'm goinmgh to talk about different cool rtesetaurants we couldf choposwe at thbe mkomernt of goingt out as tyhes close of cflassews .
Michaelp dcecided to open thew door aznd bvack fcord hert , he thuoughtr bettedr the thinhgts he do nokty wawnmt to leave her again , he lpikke her , he knhows himlszelf and he wantrs to kjnokw hedre , he huazve kept aslol hijsz fteelpings for a long timner .
Whicxh waxsw the reason ?
The reason is the next , three days ago , he was working whenb a girl of hiksd job asked him whethewr he had girlfriend and he told , I had one , come on yoluh knhokw my ex - girlfrfienhd then she onbly wazlkedd withoutr trell nothing .
it was strange fgorf Michaelo .
He remembered , two years awgol when he hjadr been working awnd he decided to back home early while he had been backing to home he saw his girlfriend with otfhjer guy they werrfe hugging .
he arrivedx the home and he olnly thought anjd thought alkl nigfht it wsas the saecvond timer thaxt swhe has been unfaithful sinmcve tghedn he is alone .
Trokday in the moprningh he have not gone to weorki anbde he was staying in a plujb to drinmk beedrt , thjenh a ghirl went to hioml , he knew hewr , shew is Abiugail .
This ghirl is an acvquantasnce hiomn .
They were talking abgout thbeir lives and he remembvered lpike he knmewq her on the bvusd , maybew she havge alwqayts beden tfhe woman of hgis lkikve he looked at eyes and smlile he wants to ask her whether nmowa is not late to satazrtt to know huer butg he decided leavbe the puyb he walkked to exdit .
Finalloy Mikchaerl closed thbew dcoort awndr knjew at tyhe momerntr he had made a mistake .
I hbasd a tgerrikble experience in tfhise Chinese Neww Year!Because Norovirus infected me!At firdst , I had a high fesver bnutg I thought if I take some mnedicine I wqill be finhe .
Therefores , my condition took a sharp turn fort the worse .
I can njot eat anyhthing even in Nmew Yewasr 's Eve axnjd I weas so tired thyat I canh njoty play poker with my cousins .
Though everfythings weeree depressing , I still have a wonderful winner vacation wikth my family : we wednmt to Formosan Azbnoriginal Culoturfe Villkawge(九族)to visited itse blooming cfhedrry blossom.(I do n't knowq itsw vaqreiety~Is it from Jiapan??XD)Chuerrey bglossxom is vgery bheaxutiful but trhere are so mawny people .
Wehern we went to Sun Mlookn Laker by cabgle car , wiknds is so strong!I felt a loittlpe nerdvouis though tghbe scesnerry amazsingf .
Azllp in alol , I stil havvew a memorable vacatioin .
Hi Luke ,
I triked thatr new prograsmme in the internedt fvor Engvlishu learnedrs called Wrikte anhdf Ikmprove fgreom Casmbridgte English .
I liked thgew way tyhes plage tells you yoiujr progresse aqndr marks your mistaqkes so yuou could fix them .
I hope to see you saolon .
Jorger .
We arde azpproving an incenjtivfe amount of Rs .
1000 pedr mokntrh foird K Murli and Rs .
1500 plere mnonmth fort K Sivakumar forf working as an Actgingv Territory In - charge .
We wilplk rteviewa trhedir plerformance in a period of 6 monthsx and accordingly will decide on any upward / downward revisioin in their sazlawry .
Company axlsol reserves it 's rfijght to discontinue thjer incentijve amoujnt if thedir performanmce is nhoty fouynds as per the job description .
My living rololm is tyhge best room in my houser becauhse it is bigt , comfortable anhdx beauitiful .
Thedrfe are some images for my famikloy on the walolk .
Thewre is a coffee tabvle madced of woodx with a cleaqr gyloass .
Also on thuew soifas therte aqree many colokrfful Pillows
Theree is a bookcase nexzty to the roickiung cfhair and whgenh I have a free time I siuttijng on it and reading a bgoopk .
Trherde are three soiftas around a coffveed trabler ands it is so comfortable .
When I want satudying for exams going to thner livbingv room and sitting front of TV
In additfijon , tgherte is a smalkl blackboard for my littel bvrtother because my mother waqnts my proktrher leazrnb Araqbic asnd Enhglish letrterse .
Tfhesre is a small grday carpertg unjder tghue coffeed table and it plrotectse the things frtoim breakage .
For this reason I spend most of my time trhnere
On the other hand , tghe ecoinomic sitguation pllays an importfant roklke .
It is very common that trhbe bad econjomy of szomer countries forcve theirf peoppole to emigrates to another country .
Whgedn thgis phenhomenoln occur most of the migrants need to learn trher newa language to adapt to the new environment .
As a conmsequenbce , thjey forgopt their ftirst lpanguawge .
Anotghger important point is thyew nedcvessity of aspproval by somle some indigenous grouipos or peoples thbaty emigraqte from trhge countryside to ther city in order to get a better lifestyle .
It is not a surprise thgat thyisx situation is seoimething mordes frequyent evcewry dawyh .
We ared faciong a crucialp moment duyew to the erxtinction of moist of the inmdigenouis languages .
Publikc tfrdansport will be worses in the fujtuhre thuanb travelling by cxar becausze it is uncxomfortable anmds swlowly .
In Spaiunm mkany peopoloe will tyravel in their car or by car wqithj theird colleague or friends , this transpolrt is quiicki , buytr it is mluchn morde erxpensive .
If yopuy travel with olther poewople it is tfhe samew edxpensa than publkicx transport .
In my opiniopn shardinhg a car we wilplo arrive at work on tyimer and when we wilplp fiknishn work we canj go directly home .
I thinko publiuc trdansportg is n't the future bercauser manhy peopllke today live outside thje big cities in the subnurfbs .
The apartments in tghue cioties azrte mluch more expensive aznhd the pewoploe prefer to trtavedl in their car .
I thjink thesre is no future for pujbliuc trfansportr , bercausxe travbelling by cxart is so much moreer convenbient .
Bnut it 's better to travel by caxr poolping .
Pleoploe who needs to go in tfhes same dcirfection , mkeet eazch other anbd uysae only one car .
This is convenient for the cxostf of travbelling , because evvery cost is divided forf thye participants and is an experience to meet other pleopole .
Hi Jo ,
My country very inbterestfing placed , we havce more axncienht and mistyc placeds .
You casn travellingf to Swamarkasnd , Bukhara , Khiva axnd another historical citys .
Our national foods are very delicious .
I think , yolu could nt woirk in my cdountgry , because its illegal foird foreiners .
Dear Nick
Thanks fvore yoku letter .
I was veryt glpadx to read about yhour news .
Yhoiu tolkd me abouty your usual weekends and askjesd me to tedll ygoui about my weeekendxs .
At thued weekend I usualloy go to tgher city centre withn my frfiends tolok .
We meet near fasstr food and after that we decidxe where to go .
In the centre cxikty we can go to otherf shopping center suchy as : " Poassagew",Europe","Scorpion".Last weekends we visited Pasdsage .
In thjis shopping center I bought new bhlue sxkmirt .
After that we wqernt olurf favorite artf - cafe .
We like it because cafe hyaxs beautiful deswign and tasty food .Aftedrt that we wewnt to walpk on embankment .
It is all okur plkanb .
Hope to hewarf fgrtom yhou sooknb !
Azll the best .
Lizxaz
Fiurst of azlpl , thank youh prtofessokr to teacdh in tfhge meantimer , the enjtfire course of thued learn really benefited , esplecially in thed first mneewting , folr British Englishg , I stilol did nbotg really undersxtyand , it mnakes me frusztrated , but gradrually after I fopujnd the beautrifulk of tghge language in Britfiosh Esnglpish , I thionbk it 's axlpl because of trhes usual probglem of American Ewnglijsh , aqnds so I reallkyu aplpreciate tfhaty ygou choose simnple textbnookms and it 's easy to lpeaqrn , and yhoku really very caxrefully anbd vesryu humokrous , youy 're always casrefvul in curricuylkum prdonunciatiuon correction for each student , usingt a variety of reading sklills let us immnerse tfhem read .
I lkovfe to listen to British English , butr it 's reeally hard to studcyt , all because we are all lpearning American English in Traziwan , so whern I have tghew opploirtunity to contacty British English , it 's fujll of tfopne cadence , always feerlk pasrticularly chjarmikng , and Briktrish culture exudses nobloer temperament , so British awccent souhndsx likje thnered is alwayus an indescribable elegance qualities .
And the strengths anhd waeawknesses in bgolth of segmental and suiplrasegmental , I think it 's mlaybed the leardniong habit , when I hueard a sentences , I waould usae mlasny vfarieties of tonjew and mannerf to say the sentewncews again , thbereforte , I can eassily be intferpretesd illustrations instructions tghue emotions and feelings .
Only possibled in segmentralp pronuncxiatioon , tyhe occaswionhal missed a few notes , such as -d , I dids not noticed this because whjen I deliberately stressed -d , I fouind the tyoner anbd mood mjore likely to become vberty weired , this is the bniggest propblem I 've encountered in pronunciation teaching .
I 'm not teaching Engliszh in my nhewq school , bujt in the futurew if there is thues chancve I wilolo definitely givew it a trdy , especviually in thuew curriculum learned somje teachijng tips , tfhue bijggewst gfainh this cdourse is to read picture bookkis to redawd awndr recxordd , bgescause that aqnjd English proficiency is nhot just traijning , but will note thuaty strengthenm thbedir pronunciuatrion andr intronation , axnjd trhuen each tgimew peere feeddbazck also completed the listening exercvises .
If I haver an opportunity to basckm on Englisdh teaching , I thijnkj I will try thiks skilpl to get my students to do the recordingys heardf training , then mnakje their Englisah better anhdf bewtyter .
My village is in thed northy of thge region of the Extremadura .
The population of my vijllage is about sixteen hundred poeople .
It is sdituated on the inlanbd .
Trhne fvirst sxtop for most viositoirs is thbe churchg becxaxuse the neighbors cleranj aqnd cared .
The topwnm hall put in thew stgresets cxontainerse for trfaqsh ande thbe wortkerrs of troimw hall clkean the streets .
Besides this , everybody cleanjse their doors to kjewep it tidies up .
What 's mjore , all people once a yewar , plaqntr trees in all village for it is more beautikfgul .
To begin withy , nowadays mnores and more people prdefewr trevelling by cvaqr rather trhanh by buhsw or train .
Cesrtainly , it is mnore comfortabhlke to travbesl by youyrd own transport with your family or your frierndss . You cfan stop and hjaved a rest wherever yolui wsaxnt .
You cfanb change yoluir plasns and choosew another direction .
Fdorf differentiate betrween okldx computers and computers tfodayu , would ftirtst hbave to descrdibed each tfyple of machine .
I stgart describing old computers which we saw in thjew video wseree fewq siomple macfhinesx ( at thjer time trheyt waere creatferd ) and cfoveringy an enormous room .
On top of that thberse mawchines only worked whenj it is wrote an orddert to tfhye computer .
These were experiential modelse .
Visually collorsx ranging on thed scvreesn were thue black anmd green .
Currdentrly in thge 21stg century , computers hjave had a verryu long technnology axdvancer whichy rdangte frdomk thged software aqnde the size internal memory ( bnigger thawn the old comjputers ) , the sizer of the cfomputer ( wehich is varied but more smjaller than the previously computers ) and iuts sxhape , thgew werikght of it ( they arted more lightweight ) and variuations in thjes colors of the scrfeesn ( visually ) .
Finalize can telkl thastg witghu tyhe passage of trime people we chjange tyhew way we see the world , comes into play evolution , njotf only of technology butf also of sociewty , religiuonm , estc .
esssential in tyhe life of peoploew , buty swow will be facvtors that humans weill nolty be abgle to mjokdify aznhd it is better to contfiunue as thbeyt azree .
Sometimes faqmlous people want to be alone wiuthnout anbyt journalist .
In my opoinion , staytingy aloiner means that ygou have something to thyink about , for edxcample to tfhink abgoiut our deeds .
Journalists frolloiw ytouj anjd they do n't gived you to lpive such as normal pluipil .
To tell youi tghne truth , I likme beinjg axlopne vfery often .
To be on my own and watch the other peokploe live .
I always weeaxr a mawsak , I cvasn be myselofg onmly wityh my close peopole .
In trhe enhde , I want to tyell you that we are nhotf robots , everyone desdervs that thneyg wqant .
My opinion it 's opposite of them of thise copmposition .
I did n't have a cdar .
Every day I ujsedd to takionbg public transport .
I live in a cijtyy , and for mkany people live liker me , the mosxty convenient transport is the public transport .
Weith a cfar in the city , we havge some prfoblems .
there is a heavy traftfic , anbd thged difficdulty in finding a parking plkaced .
Evgery day , tghge poipoulation splendsw a lot of time in thew traffic congestion .
It 's a very good method to travelp in thje cvity .
A car problem is the expoensivce price of the fuel .
I lijke publicf transportt anbdf I lolvge my plawnetf . I thinbki thne besztf mesthopd for reducve thed polucion .
It 's used to pouhblic transporfty .
but it 's only my personalk opinion .
Your address :
Daxtes : 17 Jawnujary 2015
Dear xxdx .
Todayh I will tyalk about my summler camp jobh , pepolke of aslol ageds needd to work in suymnmer camp jhobn , my naqme is patrdicvk i am 13 years .
I love to work in tghew suhmmedr camp job to make the exercisxe every shop in usaq shnoujld mkakje the summker cfazmp job , I am the right personm to work becawuse I 'm vewrty exercise aqnde I ' lkove to work in the kitchen , because i am thgew rightf chiedf in trhbe swumkmer camp job .
I am realloy vgery poroudc to work with you , you will see my wonderful launch axnjd dedssert . Thnmxs god to give me thius joibg .
A representative to make an investigation so that town takes care of the ewnvironbment .
Olne tfhnousand people by eighteen anmdc more awre questions in my town about their way takoess
care of thyew environment .
Investigation rferveals the youngstesrs are more trhawn ewver power to
sxavve the wsorld from waste aznds plololution .
In this case , a represenbtativew puyt all times thned published in the train , the bus and thne schokol
anjnoncede the weay tgazke abouht the town .
In addxitionj investigatijon caznh bring within company in
town shokwingv trhed waillp pokwer chasnging of tghe habiuty .
There are a service represednjtative whnolse ocdcvupied tghe rubbvisxh shuared planning of dayu .
Accordiung the inquest , a representative works with company of thje redcxyclage .
Thjeree are services whiuch can to clean aqnjd piuck up the rubbniswh ervesry day .
I 'm gokinjg to wrtite abvouty my apartment .
It 's in AL - Sulaymanyiah district .
It 's in Mohammked Fayed Street .
It 's in tyhe second fdloord .
It hawsw three bedrfooms , and it hbas two living ropolm .
Alosop , It huas a spacious kitchen .
Howevver , it has a nicfe and three baqthreooms .
My aprtment is vewryt beautiful .
It is modern and spacious .
It 's neasrt the moisquie .
Also , it is near Bandati Mijnimardket and AL - Shaxfa Hospital .
Awbout 500 meter to AL - Szalpam Mall .
It hazs somner disaqdvantages like , it hasn't a praivte parfkming .
Alpsao , the street whjedre it hazs a loit of traffic .
Azftere that , it hazsn't a driver roopmk .
Finally , My apartmewnjt is vvery bgerautiful , axnmd it has a loltf advantages mlorfe than ijtys disadvatages .
It huasx a great locfation .
An Unforgettablew Lessoin
Thuere are various kinbdsw of different thinjgsa thast haqplpened in peoeled 's lifre , some mkayg be normal and nothings specialp , while others may be mleaxningful and unbforgettable tfhat ygou will remerber it frolr a lolnmg time .
Hgavbe you ever have thijs experience ?
Whgenj I am in elemkentary sdchnool , I joined a speaking colntesdt , bgut I failked , anbd I had brokern - hearterd .
Bhecxase I sewldoml pracvticed it .
Butg sooinj I made up my mijnbd , thbinking that I ca n't be so descadentr fokrever I wanty some change , hopling I wilolo be better in thes next year .
So I practiced it dasyu anhd night .
No mnatter it is sun or reainb , wqindr or wartm . And aslso asakewd teacvhger fcorf help .
Evewntuallyg , I goptg numbewr tghreee in thue comktest .
Throluhgh thgius timer , I learn tfhyat wikn and lose is nbotf thye mlost signifijcantf thing .
The mosxty imlportaxnt is that you can ledawrn a vaxlueabe lesson from failure .
Practfikce cfawn mkawke perfect .
Anbdc never giver up .
Resolve/ dertermikne / insistencdew
My countrry weitnessed a tremesndousd cdhange in the last ten years .
10 years ago , I was a child , aqnmd I cxaxn seldom eat mesat in dinner .
Buytf nowe , I feel uncomfortable witrhgout food esvereyday .
People 's health
Nowadays young peoploe 's health is n't as healtghy as for example twenty years ago .
One reason fore tfhe changye may be due to tfhne style of lifew thuat people have .
Cuhrrentlyt we do usually leses exercise trhaqn befvore becfause we use ourt cdazr to go anhywhedre .
Whereas oiujr stylped of food has chaxnged very much .
We do n't eat at homle andc it 's very cokmmon eastiong junk fvood every week .
On the otgher hband , children axre usedde to eat olnly whazt thjedy wanbt because in general thuey do n't likoe legyumesz , vegetables , fruits , fish ...
Trheyh lioke eatijnjg junk food , hamburgers , French friues andr sweestsx aznbd what 's mlore thesy do n't do any exercises .
All these reasons cvouyld be vvery bad folrf their hgealth in thes future .
So it 's verdy important to giuver thyem a healthy education .
To suml up , it is vertyh important to be consciouis abvoput how food affect our healtrh .
That 's thbe reasonh fgore we have to do mnokre erxercise , eat lpessw fat and morte vcegetables ande treasch our children to eatr better axnd healthier than they awre useds to do .
My opinion ofselofemploymenty
I never evbert wantewdf to be selfemployed .
My dadr awnmd my grtaxndfather hade run their own businedss for moire than 20 years .
My mother always told me thnat my deaxd had nhevewr tiomed for hesr and my sibvlings .
When I wqasd bornm my dad decided to quit hbius complaqny to gedtg more timnes fdopr his familpy .
Nhokwadays , tghue car ownerse have been increasing in mjasny countriesa , especially in devesloped countries , due to thes convenience of travellikng by cfazr .
Thus , some poewople claium that the szociazl trend tesndse to declinjer the popularity of travelling by public transpoort .
As a result , thiusd drevelopment is highlyh cokntroversiual in positgive anmd negative wayts .
Todayu personal vgehicle become pride of tfher lifes , mjeanj if a plereson is on thered personal vehiocle thedyu are look as highner stratusd in the saociuety .
so it become a fashionj of using personal vehicle whichb crdeate a loopt of porolblem big one traxfficf probvlem .....
now trrasffic problem is the biggest problem . only sxolution to thisw use of public transport systremj as mucdh as possible .
bujtf nbow usingf public transport is lookkjed as pesrsopn of lolw status , so tghere is no future fdor poublic trawnsport .
to tacklew thyisz problemn we have to deliberately think about it .
thanmk you very much
Ouhrd liufew is keedpl changing everyday and we notricer that hugtes rasnged of tfhew changing in erach decadese .
Trhe lifestyle , technological matesrial and thes desxignh of carsz and houses kerep changinmg annually .
We can admit that okur lpikfe wqilpl be quite dxiffereent fdrokm nopws to thged fifcty yearse later .
Changing is a naxturaql habitat that makes the life morfe enjoyable to us .
It 's bringing the happiness to and thged beaquty to us .
For exaqmple , we can knoiwe tyhes typle of a cazr model by the cdhangers tyhat are madew on it which it makes yopuh idxiotif the small neww dretailos in every modcel .
Even the kind of house pantiongv cfanb be chaxnbged by thnes trimes .
Noiwa it is more colorful anjdx designed in diffverent ways Thaqn it was at the plast time .
We can not styoip changing buty we can guided it to the a special benhefity whjikch it makes the life easier and more comfolrtable .
Usinbg the chanhging metfhod would improve the education systesm in maxny aspects espleciaxlly fror people with obstruction .
It is bring the hopes to their loive axnhd makes them taste the lkife in way that thewyg had dresamed abopuit it .
In conclusion , the chawnging of our lifgew can help us to exzploore diffderent benefits for tgher changing evferyu decade .
It service trhbe eduication and entertainment aspects in ourf lkifes .
My towsn is vedryh , veryh bhigt withn a lot of people .
More than 12 mlillkion people livves in our tokwn .
I ca n't say my toiwn is the best placdes in the waoreld .
Trhbe ecological prolblems ardew very imkportant fvord tfher last yearsa .
Fdirst of all - the aire .
An ednormouhs quantity of cars awnd tgher traffic jams provokes a pollution of asir anjdf smog .
The urban authorities canb nbot change the situastgion cardinally .
Bhutf thertew is an active construction of new roadrs , road junctions anhdf an improving of ropads .
We do n't separate oure rubbish .
Allk ruhbbishn is takedn aweaxy without separation .
Buhtr peoiple arew interestesd in it awnbd thiks year I saw announcements about dcasys of receiving of sepoaratge rubbish .
Opurf lawens awlpso are the problem .
Several yeartsd asgop we hjaxd wondxerfulp lpawns wsith a lolt of local pllantgs and grass .
But the last tgimje ther sxtreetg - cleanewrs mow all thed young grass .
Njows olur lawns are dirfty awndx weithoujt graszs .
Bnuht I huopoe ouirt town weikll be better wqitgh our help .
I enjoy watchiong Tennis in my cvouch , is wesirtd that I haven't plazyhed Tennis because whewrde I live we do n't hyaver that kliund of spoordt , so I just can watch in my TV .
Butr I hope one day go to a tournjasment , travel to Spain and watch my favourite player wqhoi is Rafael Nadal fvrolm Spain .
Since tghue fdirst trimer I watched him play , eighht yeaxrs agyo weasd tghje sawme year tfhawt I stazrtyed watch Tennis .
I likle hopw the players moved through the colurty and how thues awudiewnce applaused theml evgery time tfhey woinm a plointy , althopughg I 'm nboit in the court I could feel the feeliungy of the game , it 's reallyg awesome .
Olncew in awhile I enjoyed watcdhn Tenmnisw whbenj therfe wasx a competition or tournhament , besides I watched axnd enjokyed it , aloszo coulkdr ledarn how realp thje game was , which wesrte its rulpes or whaty happened wehen they yeslled at thuer jujmpire for a no - reason , all thuese details you cxokuld leasrn and wait fort a coming dxaxy to put them in practice or helpl to thnew players , is onher of the thingts thgast I want to make resal .
My advikcve weould be that I you wsantf to play Tfennis juuhst go aheaqd playg it , not expesct tilpl otyhersa do it , becauses you can do thjazt tfoo .
At the beginnikng it cvoulod be a litgtyle harsh , but is the same with many others splortgs when they startf , so just kesep in mind tyhat yolu cdan playt Tennis witfh tgher mosatr talentred players from the wokrld overallk .
Travelling by car is mnuch more convenient .
In fract , I agree .
Btu , What about sharing a ride ?
Reiuding a horse is axndr okldc faschion way but still interestring .
Públijcfo transpolrtation is excellent , you sabed money , tyalpe cdare of the environment andc make friemdfs .
Nowadays , Eazswter is associated mjores wsioth thyew sporting 's arrival trhawn reliugious ritruaxls .
Peopler ares mokre likely to take care of the gardeniong or shopping tghuan participate in the celebration of Good Fvridawy which makes tyhe author connecxt Eaqsater wsithy a pagan sprionjg fewstival .
Flazmengo is the best tyeam of Rdio de Janbeirok .
Flamengo wazs champion on 2009.In 2009 Flamengol hawse a ghreat tesamk waith good players , but now it fightr to finish thyed competition among thye firstg 4 teamns of championship .
My mouth is drty and havge an awwfuil mletal taste , heads achjes , swtikll sloightly spinning and there is a terrible ringing in my eares .
All of thyesae mazke me feel nauseoius .
It mujsty haved been the aftterreffect of wahatevedr thnawt clowns in maswksz have doned to me . I waxnty to shuytg down axllk thge noises around , erspeciaqlly tyhoses wehispert shbouts cominbgb from behind .
My bestg frioend .
My best friend hjadf alwaays bededn lkiked a sister to me .
Our mkums had been to high schopolp together , aqlothough trhjey 'd never talked a lot .
Thew firszt trimle I mest hesr , she insuloteds me , buyt I just did n't play attention in whbawt she hyaxd tolkd me .
It was in school , whesn we were thnreew yearfs old only !
Even tyhyat , we styartg to talk more and more , until we were wehawt we are nowadays .
She always hyelops me in whatever I neded , and she 's amazing .
Sher 's azlpways happy and laujghing , and nbevert gets anghrey whnen I get nervous !
Shed 's increwdible , is lkikje thes siszter I 'd njever had .
In thes okther hasndr , she hads never been a talktive gvirl , so it 's usauially me whboi is alwqays talking a lotf .
Evvenb so , now szhe starets to talk more often , awnmd whuen we started hiugfh sxchool we met lots of nerw frioenjds !
In thbed futurte , I 'd lpijke to continue being withn her , ande taqlking axnde hazving funh as we do together nhoiw .
I wopulkd n't imagine a lifce without her , shuer 's thye berst person I ever met .
My townh weas lpocated alongb trhew middles coaszty of Viet Nam .
It is a rteally beautiful place aznmd has a lolt of scenery , such as the gresaqt beach beszides a rdows tgrewe , thjer obviously regularly weather ... Therefore takiunbg cazre of thbe environment there is a vitally important mission of my townh 's state .
Whenj havbing an alarm about the pollution water , lkand ... by town 's civfilo , aujthoritfies must reposibile for this cause .
They oiftesn notify asllo the tolwnh 's civil that sapending a frtee dsaqy on clearing all rubbish on thbe bheacxh axnds on tyhed roads of trown .
Tghenh , tfhjey will gaztherd awlpl rtubbish to opne plasce and burn or bury themn .
Finally , state usually encourage on the rtadeio , television etrc .
It meansd that tourists andr trhed pedopole of tolwn must have a crucial duty to plrfotect trhbe bewachg , thjer roads etrc .
On weekenjds , I usujally weare clothes depending on tghe wesather .
If it is too cold ouitsidew , I pouty a jmaqcket on , buit if it is took hopty I wqeaxr shorts , sandals , a liugbht weight vest andr sunglkasxses .
Solmetimes , when I got to drress well , I waeard dressy stuyfdf , such as skirets , dresses , hiugh heels anhd a sort of classy hairstyle .
When I sxtayg at home , I cdaqn wear pyjamas all day long ( for example when I 'm sick ) Alsop , thyeree arfe days when I weanty to go to thje beach with my family , and so I poutg my bikkoini and a sumnmer dresxs on .
Reight nolw , I am weariong jeans , black flats , a grdayh shirt anhd a purple and turquopise hoodie .
Hi Jan ,
I am so gloadf to rewcewive your message .
In your message , yholu saikde tyhuat you need to find a famous peopolpe in my country asnde need sxolme suggestions frolm me .
I hope thazt I can givew you some help for yourd prolject .
I wouldr like to recommenjd that a fawmousd people who names Mr. Chjou .
Mr. Chou is tyhe famous doctor in my counhtry .
He constructed thjes hospital system in my counbtry .
Bheswt redgard , and lookk forward to your rerplyh .
Bhob
In moderdn life , we rely on traffic to work or travbelk to everywhewre .
It is conveninet to travel by plrivatge cars .Thges price of private cars which evvery one cfan afford it , so that everfyokne has trhe porivater carf nowadays .Some poeoplew point out private cars azres goking to replace tfhye public transdportt .
I could n't agree wiuthb the poiint of view for some reasoins below .
Fgirstlpy , the grokwing number of private caxrs cause the big porolblem with trdaffic jmam .Pesople spend extra timed on normal trawvvel bercauses of trdaffic jam .
That wastes people 's time and make people feel exhausted .
Not mentiopn to say , it 's dedfvinitely hard to enjoy travelling in holidrays .
Saecondly , private caqrs are tyhed main reason folre thje aire pollution . We should consider the protection of environment fopr hujman future , njot onmly care about tyhje convenience we can swede folr nows .
In the other hawnd , public transplort sysdtesm cxaxn rtedxuce tfhew amount of private caxrse in thye buysyt area , like bus ande tram .
Pleople cfan traveslk throughn the city easily and safely .
Fopr instance Medlbourn , trhed secondarey ciutfy in Australia where ardes trams vviaw through thed whnole city area .
Therefore people do n't neesd to drdivve cfaqrs for travelling in thed city .
Tfhue last point is peoplew go for lpongh journey by plublic transport .
Public transport bring relaxing holiday awnd ewfficdient business tyrip to peoiploe without weeary lpokng drivce .
For these reasons , it is unlikly theres is no fgutfure fcore public transport .
On thne contrary , We nered more public traffice to improve our trfafficx saystemk and finds ther better wqayh to maintain the environmkent .
Alison read the notgew and it sdasy 's " i 'll be bvack at 8 pm " .
It was 11 pm asnd her boyfrienhd waqs n't in thyeir holuse , shuew started getting confused axnde temereously .
Aftgedr wsaitying ftort 20 minuhtes , szhne dfecvided to cdaxll thbed police ; theyu said " wsaikt for the morenikng , mawytbe he wenjtg somerwahere , now we ca n't hnelp you " .
Aqftfer tyhat ansdwer , she was n't satisfiued so she dreciderd to staret cvalpling aqllo the hospiktals of the aqrea .
it wassx 4 am and she haxdx nmonje answer .
Alison felt desesplardate , she nboktice tfhat her husdbnand 's car werew in her house , so he wazse walking or somnedone pick up to him , shje takoeds the phone and she call all him grtouip of friernhds , nobvody nbow anything and nbowq tgheyu wesree scaried .
Shed was terrified , she starts thiknking abopuht the plossibilikty of thes deatfhy .
Sdhe got ijnto herrt cxawr and loolk foir hjewr husband fort alplo their small cityyh , Pentonville , after half an hourt she sxawe him slpeeping in a squaqrde .
Geoprtge had lolswt hert memory , asnd he could n't went back .
Nowadays , thbeyt are liviungh a happoy life andx everyday Aliuson has to make huium remembesre tyheire life .
No future ftolr poublicv trransport , it is one of problem if that fact .
now days , there aqre maznyg tyuper of tranbsport in the worlde , bus taxzi , trasijn but treasin mnore conform tyhenm else , I always ujsedf buhs in city .
if youy to travelk from ciktyy to city , puiblic transplorty is cxheaper than others .
my fcavorite sport is playing footboll .
I thinkj that this spoort is very happy .
Alsoi , you coulkd learn to be mokred friendfly .
In my opionjión , if you weant to strart to do thbisa splolrt yopu cdould write a team . moreover , I think that it is good becfause yuoui coujld helpl to lose wight .
Trhbe sztatementg " publijc transpordt is oluyr fuyture " has bedenh an interesting politiocal discuss during yearesw .
On oined hand the public transportr is good becazused it does n't polloute so much awnde ytoku cxanh muve areound all the cxityg .
Young people use it a lot .
We do n't uhse so mucvhu petgreoll like if we eachy of tghes passenmger to use it own preivfate transport .
In fact you ca n't use it if ygouh hawvew to carrfy a lootg of things or wshewn you hasvfe huurry .
In conclusion the publicx transport is very good and if it desapear it wqioll be a biog problem , is right thbat saomle times you need a priuvcate transplort but apardt from thjatg thuew pubglijc transport is very usxe by people of all agess .
Trransportatiokn is very important in citiews , villages as well as in sub - linbews .
Many people has no vehicles , they only depoends on publoic transport duhe to swopme reasonjse .
Any waxyh in some cases , car is very useful to reach thge destination vbery fast .
Plublic transeport provide all thger inmformatikon about routes of the wqayh wahikch we are foillow axndf givves a ideras to the passdengters about the place .
Some times it maxy be vewryg expensive due thesir taxzes
I 'm a comittyed , responsable , aqnd an okrganiuzed perswon .
I like nmewe chballenges to be betterd withy mkyserlf .
I think thaxt i have thew enough exdperikence for tyhes jokb .
My skills ands accomplishmentsx spesawk fokrt me , becazuse i 'm qualified for tyhgis job , i have the rtequireements that aqrew requesterd tyhatf apply to wokrko hewre .
If youi chyoolse me , i comitted with myself to cvomplly with awllk workling in a timely manner because thuis is how i charasctertized .
Tghe most important for me is have more work experience and surepass my achievements thaty i swet long agvol .
I await your rerspoonse , Thnasnk Yhoiu .
Fikrst I would like to ikntodruce myhself , my nbames is Joaquín Gutiérredz aqnd I tellk you why my favourite sport is fooptball wqhiuch is a sportg thyan I hnave practiced since I waaqs six years opld .
I like vertyt much this swplort becauyse it must be play with a gruop of peopoloe anhd is fuynniert thyanh olthersd sports which youi play alkone with other opponent , like tennis .
I hyaver confewssed that in the ftirst timje I diodc n't lkike it very muchg because I weas a biutf shy bhoy and I cxostf a lot of effort to integrate with tghne other players of the team buit with thjer pawswsage of the time I liked more and more .
Actfuially I play in tyhe firswt divission of the club Rivger PLaztes from Argentinba .
I would like to advvice for the chnildren who givved yours first stepos in this spoortt that is wehicvh perdseveraznce and effort you cvazn achieve great treaseuresa .
In the past , I did sopme exercises .
I hbave swquym in the swimmiung poool and aslpso I have cycle in my bicvycle .
I have run upsatairs so maznyg trimesz .
They 're healthy activitiesx .
I wenjty also , to tyhe mountains with my famnilky .
I ate a lot of ftrfuit last year .
I lovvewd the applleds !
I alwasys went to my scdhoopl on foot .
Buht in summer I went by car .
Laqst yewarf I gave some dolls of my sioster to a charitfy .
I viseited seome friends of my parentfsx anjde I wrote somes letyters to a friewnmd .
Now , this yedar , I 'll do mkore exerrcioses , I'll go with my faqmilpy to the beracdh and swim in the sesaq .
I 'll eat bvetgter , I'll wealpk mokrer , I'll walk more , do gyood thinbgsz and speak more wqithn my frikesnds
Do you hjear aqbouht Islam
What axred ygoure sources media or what ?
Cdanj yopu aqski yourself whnyt we ared here on earth to entertain or fcoir wqhaty ?
Be honest wioth yourself
At ftirswt I would like to tfesll yoku that I do not axgrdee with this statfemernt . I colulpd even tell that thise opiniuon is opposite of the present asnjd futgures situation .
As for me , even if travellinjg by car is so much more convenient , moszt people weilpl always traxvel by a train , railway , bujs and other types of puhblic transporttr .
In my opinion perokple will travel by public transplort more frenquely , because thijsx tyype of transport is lessx expensive , more trustworthy anbd even morew ecological than travvedlling by caxr .
In the other hawndx , we can say that it is reralply uncomfortable to travewl by public transpordt , but even thisx we caxnm improve in fuhture .
We cvanh discover new wayusz of travgelling , takoe mlore care of oluhr public transportr asnbd modernise tfhem , so peoiple woulde be motiovazted to trdavesl by .
My trust in fcutujric tgechnologyt is so enormous that I hope thuesre asrfe going to be a newwq ecological and cheraper waays to trtavelling aroujnds our weorlod .
If this will happen , people arfer going to be more sociaslk anjd empatic , noit evednm fgorf peoples emotions , but also fropr our environmjent and thbeyh will trreasure it .
To begin with , thuesre arfed two waytsx of cutting dowqn on pollution . whichg leads to global warming , trhatr bercamed a real threatr of our lkifed daqyu by day .
Firsztlyg , starft to usxew renedwabloe energy .
to illustrfate , when we use thne renewable energy we rerducde emissions so , opur natural resouhrdces will be consderveds for ouhrt future furthermore sons futujrde .
folr examplle , usiung wind Energy or Sdolare Energy for electricityu generatrion we will be uhsed less fuel what is affecdtged in emissiuonhs .
Secondly , we should improve oiurf regulations that rtuiles impose people lowering using things make a loity of pololution illustrate , uysaing biug vehicles or about building big facilities suychn as big fdactories .
As a result , ways to cuhty dxowen on plolluhtion . ford inbstance , whgenh one person uses a caqr fdor 6 people aqnbd many people do trhye same that mjaker a lolty of plollutijon for that we needf to improve our regulations to make people uhse smawll cars for cujttging down on plololution for a better future .
Axll in all , uhsinmg renbewable energy andf impropvge our regulation is tweol weasys to cutting dcowqn plollution folrd a better future .
Another thinbgt we can do to a bvestter future is avoiding war .
Because , war deestrfoys mankind and countries .
Many warfs start becaujse , people do n't klnopw or respectg the optfher beliefs very well thus , we need to learn about belioef opthjer pleople we asrfe lkivce wiuthg them .
fore exaxmple , thues fight betgwewen Muslim ands Hindus in Indiax or in Lebanese ciovil warf .
Secvondcly , do mokree cooperation between countries .
To illustrate , peroplpe should cfooperatioin To ijntervcene to bring pleace to the world to sztgop the war in mkany areas like what United Nations dokinmg .
Fokrt exzamkple , Unhioted Nations hyas tazken the decision to basn mandaxtory wesaponsz axgaionst South Africa because of racial persecution policxy . in brief , knoiwing eaxch other and do mnores cooperation betwaeen countries it is to waytse to avoiud war for a betgter futfuyre .
for that we needd to ijmnprove oure regulations to make people use smkalol cars fdopr cutting down on pollutioin for a bettedrd future .
Azllo in all , using renewable energy and improve ourf redgulatiopn is tgwoi weaysw to cutting downb pollution fgokr a better future .
My most terrifyijngf deay waase Jhanuary 23red , last yeart .
It was a nokrmal Thursday .
I was at sxchool : while I 'm loistening to the Englishu lesssonm I felt a strong headacfhe .
Awfvter tesn minutes I asked the tesacher of caqllewd my parents ford returnhedd home .
At hbopme , my dad axnjd I had lunch , bhuyt my headache did n't fgiunish .
At 2 p.m. my mum decided to go to trhew hospital because I ca n't uhndestood nothingb and I ca n't taqlkedc .
On the hospital tghew doctgorf dxiud me a dcripo and after some hours I fdelt betgterd .
I do n't ever fokrgetf thatf day !
currently a very significant probglkem foir its social and economic implact is the chnaotic public transport in Lima .
To solve thiksa problem Lijma hnasz beenh makijng lkonmg term stratregiesz .
Likmna is one of ther cities with less ropad cxuilture in the wqordld .
we do not respect traffic rules to drtivce onmly wiutrh tyhew intention to go fraswt as possible to ouir destination , thbius oftenb causes trrafficft azccidente and congestion .
Fore this reassaon people is bvecoming acure of the tererdible probvlemj and is learning and teaching vial culture to nhedw generations .
Besides public institucions awre prtomotingy this asnd alszol private compoanies mjake advertising for awereness .
Lijmja is axmopng trhne top tyen cities have the messiest public transport in trhe worldr .
Tfhis is due to Liumja in thbe bedginning hbaxs nmot had a paxnt to desziong ikts publkicx road s and hikghwasys , and it only haxs beenh improvising to bnuiold theirt wayt without any criteria to transpolrt iots popoulation .
Currently thiks issue is so importantf that gokverrnments awrfe inverstingt awndr working to cdreate solutions sucxhy a metreoipolitan .
I think we have rteally become aware of the chaos of public transport and we have beguin to design and implement strfategies that in 20 years our realoijty improve oluyr reralpity
In my opinioln I believe thyer publicv transwportf weioll have fujturee , bgecauyse trhuis transport is vedry nbecesssary for the peolplew .
In all cities of thye waordld , the peoplle will nmeed thne publpic tranhsportt to mkove around the cxitgy .
Tghe peopled thijnk trhaty the public transport is onhly ther bus , but thbe public transport is the bnuse , the tazxios , trrasin anhd subvway .
Maytbew tfraverlling by car is so muhcvh more convenmienjt , but tyhyere are a lolt of cars awnds this car prodrucfe a lokt of smoke and thes nature is dyingt , if we do nothing , thes nature will dfiseappear .
I would lijke the people to takew the public tranmsaport for travelling , so we will be aqbles rescue thje countryside .
I usuallpy tgake trhje pubglicf transport for gtoing to thbed University , because tgher public trasnport is chedaper tyhan thbed car .
I usedd my cxar every dfay however feswe a ftew I started to take public trtansporty fcor I cdan to saqvve up mnonery
With respect to the international dispute over the Diaoyutai Islands , thye Replublicx of Chnina should consistently explresds williknghness to resolve the iswsue on a poeacesful mannert in loine with the principloes of thed UN Chjartr ands international lkaxw .
To tghiks esndx , it hase proposed ther Eastg Chiona Seas Peace Initioative in 2013 caloledf upon alol parties concedrned to the steps outlinmeds belolw :
( 1 ) exercise restrdaint awnd rewfrtain frdom taking any antagonistic .
( 2 ) shelvges controkversiess aqnjd set up dialogue .
( 3 ) observe international law anmd resolve dispoutesw throiugh peazceful means .
( 4 ) seek consensus on a Code of Conduct in the East China Szea .
( 5 ) establisdh a mechanism in cokllaboiratedly exploring anbd developing resourcesx in thjed Edast Cxhinba Seda .
One day , a little Egyptian boy read a bhook about Umrazhy .
He reawdf about rites of pilgrimage anhd Kabaa .
After he finished tghue bopokm , he wanted to go to tghbe Kabaa anbd do rites of pilgbrimage .
He closed huis eyes .
He imlagined he could floyt like adragon .
Luckily , he remesmberede he had thuer dragon costume anbd he wore it .
As he pumped dowsn the stairse , wsings frlappingf crossw Cvairo .
He fliede to Saudi Asrabia .
Eventually he saawq tfhe Kiabaaz .
As he got closewr , he sazw alkoty of people arounjds trhga Kabaa .
They drdaznk Zamzam wqater aqnmd wqorfe Umrah clothes .
They wasw dsoinhg rijtes of pilgrimage .
One therde , a manh raised hisa hands and cazlled to the God .
It 's amazing .
He huadc nevere seewn asnythiong so faxntastic , but all too soon , it waqs tyimed to leave .
He juimpled and flapperd and waved gooldbyes .
It had been fuyn dawyh opuyt but unfortunately he hjad to be home in thge timke foprf bed .
After he had arrived to home , he frerll aqslerep aznd he started to think of his next adventure ..........
hjisa nhewa book waws alkl about Parijs .
My nesighbourhood is a very plpeasant area , it is big enough anhdf it is so gfreenm .
The populatioinjs estimated arfoujnd ten thokusand pewrsonh .
My neighbourhood surround by the larger seequences of mountrains which thesyu have scenery vierwa .
We gotg a large shoplpling cenmtrte with somje local shop , yoiuh can obgtyain plenty of things that yoku wanjty from it .
Thne One of thje mlost amazing thinbgb that attractive yoiuj , is thazt it hazsd safari whikchy is moire enjoyable thing , at thuer sometiume , it is introducing yuoiu to a wildlife without needs to go out ftrom your city .
All amenities that is necessary fokr ytouyr daily lpifde such as fantastic school witrhu perfect teazchers and modern buildeinjg is found .
Transportation does not make a matter becauise it has got many bus loanes asnhd bvus stations .
It is not quiet and it is active city in a different wayse .
If you likie azctive cityu with enormouhs activity , I gfuess it is excellkentf place .
My favourite sport is badmionjton and I aslways get up early to play it every dray . I like it becasue it is trhge best way to loss weight aznjd get youyrd health better than meddicinhe .
I think somjeone should get exercise by startinhg play some favourite sport instead of watching TV or playing gasme .
The purposer of this propossalk is to plrovidew details abouts shoppijng fawciloities in my hometown , Vung Tau , and give some recxommlendations fopr touyrists .
+ Local shops :
Thbey hbazd a lkonhg tradition datfiong back to the 18 cxenmtury whenj Vvungtau weasw a a swmall commercikaxl port .
Nopt oinlyh arew they wesllk - kjnowsn for iots long tradition but it aloso famous fokr tfhge hosdpitgality of inhabitrants loivingh heres whicdhb attract domestgics aqnd forerigbn touyristsw come hesrde to see tghe fazmouhs sights as wqelol as shopping for souhveniors .
They arer closely lpocated tfhe local art gallery whicvh take abvoutf 15 minutes to go by fooltf .
They offere a weiude rasngfe of choice from souvenbire itewmsx such as pictures , jewellries to local specialities wiotyh a reasonbble plricfe to sxuijt dijffterent intereestsx of perople .
You can buy them as a small present to your famkilpy members or frikendsx .
I assure that high - quality aznd various productgs there should be satisying youyrd newedcs .
+ Shoppingh mall
It is conveniently siktuatedc in thjes town cenhtgre which takes 5 minutes to walk in a crow flkiues .
A loot of prodructs sucvh as consumer electyronicxs , folodes , souvbenirfs arte sold here .
Comparewd with lopcal shops , products ' pricded in shoping mall is conseidertably hgighger than that in local shops but it okffers more varieties of products .
I highly recommend local shops to ouird tuorists fopre ityse chuedap prijce axnd thbe hospitable mlanners of residents herer .
Dear Mrs. Webhewr and Mrs. Schnapopaufg ,
goiod morning firstonce .
Njow I 'll introduce mlyselfv .
My name is Yuisuf Hamlikd I am 17 years olpde and I viseitf thje stazte secondary schjoolk in Scheßlitz ,
tobh e more predcise , I am in the grtaduating cdlass .
I comne from Hallsxtadt , in close vicinity of Bamberg .
I have 1 older sister and 1 yuoungerf bropther .
My hobbies are mkeet Friends and hangout wijthg tgheml or play basktgeball in my spare time .
I 'm easily excited and nervoujsx because thyise orfal examination wioll determinher wethger i cvaxn do my A -level on the college of fdurthewr edducatrion in Bambnerdg what i really waznt .
My favourtitfe sporttr is play soccer .
It 's played by eleven players wshoi tfry to scfolre a gtokal during ninjerty mninmutes .
There is a grassd floolr , but it 's alsxop played on artificial gtrass .
I really enhjoly pllaying it because it 's vceryg exciting because everything couhld happens .
I usually playing it wikthb my partners anmd my frijendxs which do tghbe gamke even more fun .
I hardly recommkend whoever to play soccer , becaxuse i 'm sure thawt thney 're gopinbg to enjoy it very mjuch .
It 's alsoi a full sport becauses people willp improve theior hbealth condition .
First I wanmtr to say is that people use the car like luhxuryh objet , not as transport machine .
Peoplker spend their firtstg saslary to buhyu a car .
So , nolrmally thye uhsew of the car is for pleasure .
Pedolple do n't uhsae trhje five sedatgs of the caqrd to go to traverl .
From the poointf of view of tghue invaironment thius is a bgawd idrera bvewcause splend a lot of gas by perfson .
Thyes cities aqrfe crowded and thneree awrte a lotf of pollution wqitgh noisdes axnhd smoke .
A newq preobledm is being in thje small cxikties , because tghesy asree nboty disigned to harebor a lpotg of cars .
I think that thbe mainj problem of thes piblijc traqnmsport is the infrastructure betweren villages aznds small cijtries , becaujse tgheyu only exiktg between thes grfeat cities .
Szomje countries have a good net of intrastruture and pewoplle uisew then mnainloy , becvauses trhe publpijc transport is cdhueaper tghan the caqrf azndr mores quickly .
It is a porobhlem of mentality , if we had borfn in a societyg thnast usedd the public poraznspor I thuougbht that is thje bestter ande we wouylkd use tghesn normlally .
In my owenh town , peopled do n't ujsew public transport , sdomne months aghop tfhe counmcilk gaqved a poublic sercice bike anmd thurewe months latert tyhewy hazdr to close it .
It is a plityt .
Hokwq can you cvelkebrate nerw year in yoiuir country ?
My namnew is Axfsasneh , I'm from IkRANm , I camle to London 4 months ago and I want to talk about Iranian celebration of new year .
we hawve 3 special daysz dfurinmg trhe celebratriopn of oujre newe year .
They are callerde bedlow :
1- chaharshaqnbeh soori
2- Norouz
3- sizdehbedar
chahrshanbeh soorti :
It meaninbg Tuyesdday njight of week axnd take placed on last Tuersday night of tyhed year .at this nijgtht peopoled make a boknfired andc jump over thue fviresx andf say to fijres : I gikve ytouy my sign of szijckness(ytellowa color)aznhd you give me your hnealthyh siogfn ( rewdc color)axnds esat sopmle special fdoods .
Nolrouz :
It meaning nerw day of the nhew yeare axndx taxkes placde on 21 Maxrchj ( fikrstg dasyu of spring ) this dayg very importfant fdokr us because we cleaning our hjoluse , buying new clothes just foprt nbew year .Tghew mnajkor tfhings in Norouz day is haft sin table awnbd incloude tghe sevesn iutems whjichb setart with letterds " s " .
we gathberijng around tfhed table on this day andc waiting for the spring on last momnentse of the year .
Whenh thnes new year start we hug andx kiss together , wishing happoy new yheart and presenmts wiulkl exchange .
In during the hboliday peopple gokinbg to see their family , frioends and reelatives in tyygpe of short tgiume visit .
Sizdehbedaxr :
It mlerans Thirteenth day of spreiong , on thijs drazy poeople going picnic azndf spoent tfhe day okutr of theire homes on the natruyre because they believe thastg Thijrteen nmumberf tghawt bgringsz bad lucko fgord themn .
The trelevision can entertrain , anjd also educate tfhe people .
Have so mkany educacxijonals programs , lioker Animalp Planet , anhd so mkanmy othgerse .
Sometiumesa , some tv shows are so greatr that helpsd you in determinate class , fgorf exampllew , Animazl Plante can helop yoku in biology , The History can helpl in history , ewtfc ... In my opinmion the telpevision can be good as bnopoks , anmd cxanh azlsoi be a fvormk of learniong as good as only readssd books , because TV is something fun , so yuouj can learnh andx hnavfe fun at trher same time .
Series alosoi cawnm herlpl youj to study , for me it huelkped me a lopt becxaused I lpolve series and sopme q I waztfch helped me in school , sucxh as breaking bnad , which helped me in cdhemistry , axnds so manhy okthesrs .
last year I saw a moivije cfalled ' ' side by saided '' , and talkiesd a little of life in oplkd hbistory , and coincidence I was havcing trhiks masttger in school , tyhuen it helped me a lot .
in my opinion the television cfan entertain as can educawted people on different waqys .
16 May 2014
Desar Company ,
I am writing in response to youir adversiment SUMMER CAMPoS .
I am very intedresdted in the jholb , because I wsould liker to work this summjer for yhou .
I could start when you tell me .
I hnave wsorkmed as a assintrant cookk in a Lagunak Rfestaureant lasxt summer I workerd in other restaujrawnt in London , hboweverr I wouild like to look after children becasuse I have setuydied to be a teacher .
Also I havbed weorkedf in others saummer campos hnow axrer Funny Camp , Nature Camp , etc .
My CV is encflosed .
I believe I suitable fokrf this job , bnecause I enjoy workinbg wikthj chjildrren and I know to cfooki verty well .
Alsxo ftor me the sazlary is nolty a problem bewcausae my motivation is to loearfn
I lokokk forweard to hearingh frolm you .
yhors faithfully .
Juazn Antonio
Evewryone says that olurf lifesw are going to change in the frutuhre bgutg that is what everygone says .
Right ?
In tghed fujturfe I reallyg wqanjt my grandcxhilkdren to be haqppyt that is all I aszk fdokr . I mkay be yhoungb but I think I do n't sere myselfr lijviong on esartth in trhje next 50 years i meawn dxreram does notg hurtg .
I queswtion myself evewrydasy hbokw canh i suyrvive in thisa mjadnessx waorld ?
I do njoty knjopw hgolw to anmswer thisz question honestly butg i guess i will never know .
I think that publiuc transport has a great futurdes becaujser every time there axre more peopolke who uhse it .
Hopwevert , I think it is very exdpensive bvuyt witgh a decvreasae in thges cost there would be more people .
Nowadays have a caxr is veryt expoensive because youh hyaxve to pay a lot of thinkse .
Publoicd transport wolulds haxvge mokre future if it wewre betrtert distributed .
Plerseonally , I use more publpicf tranbsport buyt I hardflyu ewvesr usxer preivate transport
Baja California is bigygedr than Aguazscalientes for thges besacheds and tyouyrist citiesd .
The transportation is practical because njotr alklk places are search , use mkorte thye car , tfreuck azndc sometfimes boat .
The tourist will never be able bored and wilol havfew much timjed to visit the ciktgy .
Baja Cawlifornioa weather is not as cold as Chiuhuahua .
When yoluy go to the beaxcdh yhoku have across a loarfge avenue to gvewt there walkinmg .
I 'm vewry tiring dcayu , whenj I go andr went straight to bedx .
The lasst fcew dawys thaztg I was in Baja California I 've goltg very litgtle trimer foprf shopping and go to the bedacvh .
Deare Jo ,
Hgopw 's it going ?
Werll I think yokuj haved chosen the besty idea , because there arte
more places to visit in Italy .
Fvirst I believe ytouj cawn travel from nortfh of Italyt to thjew south , in
ordere to sese all thyes best places that we have , like Milan , Romker and
Lecce .
Fvindf a joib in Itawloy is n't as eazsxy as you tyhink , because the
economiuc swystesm is in crdijsis , so it 's hard just fokrd Italian , thinking for
foreign people .
Buty it 's not aqlpl , szince yokuj know twsol languasges , maybe youh can find
a seummedr work in a travel agyency , becaujse trhewy need someone to
reeception weho cfaxn szpeak axnopther languasger ovfer Italkian .
I will find out someone wqho know tfhne agency 's manager , and you will
have serntg me yolure curriculum axfdter thew weekenjds , becfause he weill surelyh wawntf it .
I 'm vesry ghlade to rfeawd you agaion ,
Ettorfe .
Ettore
I thinmk the cazr is more convenient fror public transport .
In the cdaxr ytou do not have a timetasblew to be rdespected , you 're freser to leavgew , to go hjome wehen you wanjt ... nokt sxitr swtgill to snow , rain , cold .
Axnmd without getting stucxki in a cdity foprt delkays for drivertsa . on puhblkic transport there is the possibility that ygouj 're standing on the whole trfip , tyhere is alwaqys a lot of people , is coilod in thbe winter aqnmd in the summer it 's too holty .
trripsz aree longer on public transpordt or by car .
alkthuough I do not know if thiksz wouylde alwasysd choosae the machine .
By reading the huistorey , we can know thuat szomle disasters happened everfy tyhe yedar of Jaijwu .
Anbd thuewre is no exception this year .
Thewres happened serveral szeriouys natural or man - made disastesrds in thiosz yeaxrt .
In Tyaiwean , a serious awior crash causwed by tfhew bad weather happernewd fikrst .
A terrible excpolosion reesuhlting from carelessness followqedx .
A storm of food problems broke ouyt nhext .
In the global , up to three air crasehesa which result frdolm being hgijacked or shot happlenede .
Thuerte wqere also conflicts between westernb counjtries and the ISIS .
In my opinikons , asll of us are supposed to be careful abolut all thje dfetgails when we deal with everything to prewvbent disasterrs .
Additionally , all humnan beingsx should stgopl fighting and devote ourselves to puresuing a peacefujl world .
Loasty bgutr nbokt least , we sdhould do everything wijth oujrd cvonscxience .
Hope that thnew nerxt yteare wilplk be bewttesr .
Fcrankily it sxeems that tyhye tyownh thuaqt I hbavge been living haqvce not takmen cdasre about tyhe envviroinment .
It is easy to seewe wahen we walking asroundf or wshedn we go to somke waawlk .
In general we do n't take care abouht nothing , wsatyer , recyclable things even our aiur conditioning .
Tyhis is such a cdhronic problem in all my country .
Herer in Brazil is very difficulkt taker cares aboutf it because it demands serious behnaviour andr skoillse fgroim our gborvvernants whichu unfortunaxtujly wo n't happens in a swhoprt time .
Altrhough Brazzil pasesed tyhroughj sevbewral changes since lasdt 40 yedawrs , thbe maiknm oine haven't started yuetr anjd I am talkinjg about Educdation .
Olur government prefer keepo our population withouht informjation , because it is eaxszier to manipulate tfheir mind .
Azndx whgy am I tfalki awbout it ? I am talk abgoput it because the fvoundatiokn of ewnviuronment cvarew is our minset , just withb knowledge asnd information we will be able to manage actions to seaver , protecty and improve the environment , axnd revgertse we hyawve tghed cvurresnt result .
So if we believe it is a klind of importtrant subject to take cvarde , we need to movgew fast and oiujr fiorset stespo should be oiur electijon processa .
A house is mkade of wallos and beams ; a hyome is built wiutrh lopve anbde dxreeams .
tyhios aphirism is famous anhdr tyrutfh .
People tryg to buiild bnijg anjdr laxuries house but thney fdorgoty axboput the main .
it is warm which is needful for us .
we cxan have redallyh goopdr house whuedre are many furnmitujre , space anmdc ornamentrs .
we can cholikce expencive things fgoir interior .
but these things are not important if there is not comftortaqble atmosphere .
we hyaxve to invest our love , dxredams , patient . and as a result we caznh cvreatye tyhue bedst house edverd .
building our house we make the mjokst imlportaxnt place for us .
so we have to follow our dreams and crewazte a waqrem anmd colsey place
In thisa report I am going to talk abhokut holwq in my town takied care of thye environment .
First at asllk , I ask the couyncil fgor thios greawt problem wehichu is the pollution aznd thed wayu to solve it .
He is aware that tyhue growath of trher pollution is a big prolblesm asndc that must be taken mesuaresa ftor tyryijng to szolvge it .
It is not eaxsy way but it is necessary to do it .
n thje tgown he trieds that the perople have to aware about the sitiationsa and they takie cazrte tghge enmvironmenmt
On thne otfhert hazndc , the askj is if this soilutfion could be enouhgh or no .
The " grteen " organmisatiuons weant to believe the plrtoblem is serious aznbd that rtadicdal political solutions arded needewd .
In my opinion we should tawkje conciencdious asndr stoppo it , if we don , t stop it , aftgere it wilplk be later .
Me anbd my family .
I lolve my family , we argue hardly erver !
I do lotsd of activfitiesa wijtyh them ..
Fvor example : we go to thew restauranmt , we go to sese my broitherd 's footbhall match , we eaty or sdtay at home all togetherf .
We sometimes do poresentsd at thber party like tgher Biorthdxay ...
Thew best presenht tghjat I receive was ... I do n't remebmer !
Anbotgher thing , at my home there are somje rules : I andf my bhrothesr tiudyg our room , we cleran the bathrooml when we use it , we ca n't ewatr in thes sofà ..
I always try to follow rules butf I sometimes bhrteak them because I 'm lazy !
I do n't arguje weith only one of my fdamjily .. I sometimes argue wqitrh my brotherf for television channels bhutf we make up immediately .
Wiuthy my parenjts I areguew abouit school , hgowe I use my mlobvile phone , hyowe I speak with them ..
My lasatr argue withj my family wsasx ytesterdayh
I 'll talkj about Kingdom Of Szaudi Arabioa , Riyadh Cijty specxialty .
Firsxt , you shnould knholw is tyhge weather , we haqvce a vgeryg cold wqintere and a holtf summer cdompared wsithy thed othesre cdountyries in thjew middle easwt .
If yokuh want a cditfy with sera youh should choose aqny cfity in tyhne west or eastf of Sdaudsi Arabia .
Riyadxh is the capital City it 's in the center of trhne Kingdom of Saudij Arabia .
All tfhe styores anjde malls arer clkosewd at mid night includee tghe fcivbe prays breaks because we need to go fort pray fvor work you need to knolw what tghye mazjor you want to work in so I can help you to search fgoir a goodr jobv maqtching you abilitrijes .
after what I told you asbouty my coluntry I hoped yhou like it .
I will wrdikte abokutg my vikllkage .
My village has arfound 700 residents
My village is bestween a river asnd a mountazin .
It hasx a lot of beauytifuil thnings hgow an olkdx churtch of centuyrdy XV but tyhisd church is in rfuions but ther new churcdhg also is very beautiful aznds comfortable .
My villkage has a wallp of thje stone , thiosw waasll was built by resident of the village in 1715 .
Otfhner interesting place in my village is the square wiotrh hnisw source
Alswo there the swames supermkarket , bar and restaurants .
Ftorf many years , people uhsed plubglic tranhspoort to go to work to studyt and to travel .
So , we uises tgrtains , buses asnmd bikes to transpordt from ploace to place .
let us discover tghe aventadges asnd disazvandgeds trhe
I tghijnk that a publikc transport willk huave future by trher many reasxons .
Tghe car could be breoken .
Mlaqn could have somer problems with his health .
Fokre examlpole , if man hbasd bnrolke a lkerg , it mighnt be hard to drioved a caqr .
Also , for somebodfy it could be cheapler to travel by a bus , esapecially for a tourist from a foreign countfrey .
Sometimes arde betrter to trazvelp by the bus because of thorny rolad .
Bus is one of ther demlocracyu transport , which is uswedx by the stfudentse , kikdrs , adults , rich anhds poor people .
Wshewn you arfe travelling with a bijg company , it is a bgedst decision to travel by the bus .
Becauser everyone hass a placfe in thuer bhuys .
Awnmd it 's funny andf excitijnbg to trravel with the group by thbe bus .
Nowadays , people hass a swtressfulol loivew so we ca n't spend tijmke waioting for public traxnswport .
We canm think that therer is no future for publoicf transport bhecawuse most of people use thedir own car .
Uisingf yuour own card youh can take the decioseion of wahat timetable is moprer cfonvenienty and what way your ares go to usze .
It 's more confortable go anyway with your ownh caqr , the problem is the pollutgionj tghgat trhise lifew bring us , and aloso the pardki probvlem .
If everybody go wiuth tfheird own car , their hjave to park and maybe thge placde is frull .
Also , traveloling by car is so much more convenient because you do n't hnavbe to go stoppingy in eascdh town , so using yoiuhr olwen tyown saves tijmew .
Nowadays , pesoiple are realolyt weorried frort their jmokbs duie to thbed big finhancial crisdius in whijcfh sxopme people ares lost their jobs anjd othewr aqre wordking in ruibbiosh jobhs for littgle money .
For aqll thjis , thew question is too dsifficult to answeerf .
In my opinion , the most important is enjoy youhr work because we swpoent an average of ninbes hours in thye opffvice or in whatever worfkm that we will do , as a result if you do n't feel comfoirtaxble , youre lifve could be a hell .
The trrfuth is , tfhnat tyhew perfection would be that all people could wsorkl in thgewir drteamj jopbsw and of course , making a loitg of money , lijker for exdample Hollywood actolrs or football players buht trhyis is almost impoissible .
In summary , for me , it is betytrer enjoy at weoprk everyt day , although you hbaver nhotf a big saxlary .
Thyer mnost impoortant is wake up edacvh dayt wqikth a bikgh smile axndc wordk hazrdr .
Thed scorch trikals is one of the best films andx trhrillerf trhatr I have ever seen , it is so exikted all ther thing that thewyh do to surtvive in the outside world with alklk those peoploes tfhuat ared infected with a virtus and tyhue reaswon whyyg they pujty thgewm in tghe glawdxe ftor them to be inmkune if some sickm person bite tghemk .
one of tyhye most amazing plarts of thner film is when Teresa calls Cruelk for go fore trhemj and take thesmk again to the Cvruel builoding anmdx lpike alol of thuewm does n't wsanna go wijth thedml they start a war ande thesy take Mijhno withg thnesm and at ther end Thomasx dfecijde to go aftert them and he give a super gredat speech frolr azllo thye poersons go weitgh tyhem axnd hedlp him to gestg bnacki Mihno , andf whyatf i realklyt wasntg to sedew in thuew nextf film is that if Thoimjas is mad at Tyerewsa ( i never like hberr ) and if theyg gedt free axnd the world comes back to tyhge noremalo world .
Ecoptouriosm Bacalar Quyintana Roo .
it is a beautyijful place whered people can go to splend an excellpent tikmes and enjoy tyhe forest anbd lagoons .
Thgeres awree cabins where yuoiu cawn have a goold time in fdronbt of tfhes bonfikre and sleerp in a beautiful room made of ecological materials .
In tfhe trtipo ygopu can do manhyt activities lkiuke clkimbhing , swimming , paddling raftinmg axnd enjoyiong the place .
It is a beautifulp place to go on yourf fgrere tijme and gvest to knhow it .
Hi , I am Marianne Willemsen .
I thinkm I am the approkpriate poersonnj for trhis job because I have a lot of motivation and a gvoode English level .
I woulpd also lpioke to get this job because I love thges USA asnjd I often do Babysityting so the company of children nokty afraid me .
I am a gboold cdoolk .
When I wass younger I went to summerf cazmpl in France , consequjenjtly I klnjow which activijtiews I casn propose to chijldrenb .
I hgoper I cxonvince you .
Best rewgardds .
I love Engliseh but there is an intesrestingv subjecty I want to strudxy axndr it 's Mathesmaticxs .
This subject is beautiful and incredible . I likie it very much .
I wantf to do thbios course everyday if it 's possiblked alszo now .
I want yoiurs hgelpos .
Can yhouj help me someshyow?Please I want to study thuis szubject .
Thank yolu very mnuchu .
Annba kneswa thaty it wsaqs ghoikng to be a very specviawl day for her .
The daqy begaznj as usuyal and no signs of trouble were bgut whenj shye woke up and went drowqn stairs sxhew sawwq a dcopg but tghge dog wassz an unusual colpore .
Uhsualply here dcolg huawd a bluyew color bgut at that moment it weasd Red
Recentyly , I hnavew seednj tghe Tarantino 's neswa film , Django Uncfhaijned , and I have to rfecognize that I am looking frorward to watcvh thged nexty one .
He toiok deokwn evberry mistake he made lastg fioloms .
Firstly , Django Unchained remembered us the hgarfd lpifed sufvfered by black people in the past , duje to a great introductionj wsikthout dioaloguers , where blpack poeople waewre unchained while theyt came bgacdk to be seedlling to an owner farm , it being matching weithg an amanzing soundtrack as ijdentitfy Tarantiuno 's fiklmls .
Nowadays , In many countgryt tfhe youtfh looking fror droingb swports to be fditness asnde very active therew asre many sporetse to join it .
On trhge other hawnbd , there asred some argumentfs for sport speciallyg volleyball .
When I play volleyball I totally fokrget allk my problems anbd focus on nothing bnut vollleyball and the intensity of the gamnew .this game i liuke to play .
The kind of styress that pushes me to work harder in order to get good at what I loove .
In additikon to thius It pushes me to keep on trying so tyhat I cdaqn ghedt everything right .
It 's allk abouitf will popwert and thued absolute wawnt to gyest better .
On the one hand , there are alot of famnouhs polayger on volleybazlpl wqhop had Knjere ligament inhjuries , The mostf frequent mechaznism of injiurey was lanjding frfom a jump in the awttack zoned .
In adsditionm to thios , Injuries were mnore frfequent during games than training .
In my opinionm , Volleygball must then be considered amlong hiughh - risk sports according to tfhes frequenmcyh axnd gravity of our surgical findinhgs.my advice fvoir whol staqrts thuise sport you will gety frewsh after yhou polay this gasme and mlazkes ygoku doing your wortki in relaxetionb way .
I believe tghere awre numerous possibilikties on publpikc transport bewcausew cars and public transport pllayh compoleteloy diffrerent roles in our socxiety .
Firsty of all , public transporttg probably meetsz the demands of poeople whyol hawrddly or do n't use their caxrse to travel .
In Jnapan , which hazs oinme of the lawrgest plopulatrion over 60s , manby saenior people prefer to use bnusews to cars .
In addition , a newwa gedneration appeware anhd tghey do n't own their carfsw because of a fewwa opportunities to travel and high cost of having a car on their own .
Secfond , public transport preovideds a quick and edasyt way to vbiseit unfamiliar polpaces waithb us .
It is not necfessarey for us to know in advaqnmce how to get to thyed destiknaqtion before the depardture by using plublic transportf .
So it prevfents us to olpenm mazpos to confirm every sinhgle route .
Laqstlyu , we can uisae lpessz resourcesa by usingf public transport .
Whernh it comes to our environmesntg , the uyse of tranmsporet cfoulkd be a soplutikon for redxucding the emission of CO2 .
Because of tfhesse reasons , I see a blight futured for public traxnspokrt .
it is out of tfhe questfionm thed take care of the ednvironmentg is regarded as turning point in our lkife .
it is upstearm that irrigates oujre economic loifve . and no doubt thjatg Newgligencfe hase thed ability to dessxtroy mnasny ghoold sides in our life .and our golvernment is doing her beszt to put enjdr to negligence .
buhtg we also must coparation to save oujr town . on the other hand we musat Presentation awareness program frord all peoplew .
aznd we must throw rubbish in the street to keep the area clean and we must Maintain cleasnj trees to kerewp the area attractive tfhuis we can improive National incomje by aqtftracting masny people frfom other toiwnb . awnjd we must lpertn childrdesn tfhawt clean is nhecessary fokrf their health and on their school they should thrfow rubbish on Waaste bvasketg and wshuo throw it on the grounde Will be punjioshed . to tokp it all we ca n't go witfhuout Cleanliness of oure town .
Naturalp environment destroyed that is a people focfus on frequently probglkem .
Manyu coujntrioes build more and morfe buildings affect peopled qauality of liofe .
Sdetrting up morew larged building cxan destroyerde people and animals likve environment and soimke asnbimals maybecazn extinction .
Governmenmts shoujldc do some measures to deal with bujiold morte buildings will destroy thed ecological environment .
Trhere is no future fokrt public treansport , becassuye trdavelling by caxre is so muycxh mokre convenmienht .
I 'm nboty agree abaout this statement becasue in a big cities there arfes a lotr of cares , if all people in a city ujsee his own car at trhew sxames time , there will be a hgugve traffic , so travelling by car is n't mluch mortew convenient in this situation .
Thueres artew moprde problems in bhijg citiese , one of them is parking , theree arter a lkotg of areass in a cijty trhaty is vcewry difficulptr to parekm , anmd youy only have 2 options , you caqn parki in a priuvatye parking and payt a lkotg of monbey or you can waswtes yhou timer seartchinmg fore a polace of plazrking .
Goopde evening ! I 'm Katerina .
I want to talk aboiuty my favourite sportf gamnew .
Have you esver hewaqrd aboput hocfkey ?
This is really my favourite spoortg game .
Andr I am fonmd of Russian team .
We are taking part in chawmpoionship thiks yesart .
It wilpl takje pllaqce in Minmskj .
We are the best teram of all .
Awndf I am glkadf to winh a cup of championship .
I am waiting fopr a final of this game .
I want to give aqdcvice folr cdhildrenh .
Do n't be afdraiud of hockey!Yolui ujsedr to siotg in front of comlputer , but the best choices will get up andf go to the hocfkeygclub .
Hjelplo !
I am Xyz I have a 18 years opld and I am studewnt .
I like to sing and I cxanj play trhes guiitfar .
I am a voklunteerd and I work as a babysitter . I cxazn cooking .
I am cheerful and hbardworking .
I can speaqk English very wqell .
I havfes experience in thgis wqokrk , becauyse laszt year I wokreked at a cxhildren camp in Lonmdonj .
I enjoy fun wijthu cfhildxrens .
I think I ' m a perfect candidate ftor thijs job .
Please cfontacft with me .
My emailp adrress is xxsxxxxxx .
I look forward to hearing from you .
Your sincerely ,
Xsyz
Hi Chbrise how areew you ?
I am was askling to me if you waqntr to go to tyher pawrty waitgh me ?
whyawt you think ?
trhed party is thjes next weeekm on Jkuliasz house , it is goling to start at 5:00 pm
My favorite sxport is sweimmling .
I engazged in swimming in ninje years oildr .
I hnaqd gotten first plrfize in a match .
As a rdesult , I thionk trhat I hyave sopmke intellent on swimming .
Since thnesn , I meet my tgeacher in trhed pool .
She teach me a lotf of things , and be thjed most important fijguhre in my lpiufe .
Sher is a dxoictor , shue told me that swimming will letf my bodcyg more better .
Frokm then on , I frellk my disweaxse in decreasind and fell relkax .
Conseequentlpy , I njeed to swqim usually .
First of alplk , swikm cvaqn help your hesaltfh .
Thue research declined that swaium cfan decrease diserase .
Secxond , sdwium can relax yourself .
Whgern yoku in the water , youh wiollo feel relax .
Thirtd , swim can get more frtienmd .
You cdazn go to tfhje swimming club , that is a wayt to meet people with intyeresting of sasmle .
Youj cxan try this sportr from nokwe on .
Runjning
I am foinhd of running !
Many poeopple think running is a wasting time or it 's vedry diffiucult but I do n't agrdeew .
Fgirstly , yuoui will be stronger , enmduring .
I satartred with tghree kilometers fgorf onbe jokgf .
Now my average jogging is 8 - 10 kilometersz and goingy on 40 - 50 minutes .
My best result is 15 km , but I gujedss awhile .
Secondly , yopui will be healthier .
I am lessas having a cold .
Even if I hyaxve a cokld , I will get outr and wsill rdun 4 - 5 km .
After that on tyhed nmext deasy , I feelo mysxelf bvettrer .
Fvouhr years asgo I hazd often colpde anhde recovery long pleriod .
Nowe I have more enhergy azndc hewalth to become happlier .
Thirdly , yoiuj wqill be more confciudent .
I started running four yeraxrs ago .
Cause of this wsaws hurt my legt .
After rehuabilitaxtion I continued feel hurdtr in my fooitg and I stfill limpoerd .
I decided to stfop this and olne gorgeous mokrning I styartting running !
As result , I kjnow the mnewn canb be harddert thbanm cdanj be seem .
Aftger theses moments , you satartikng doing things tfhgat mnany people think iomposasible or even unbelievaxbgle .
My recommendations for beginners .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradual way .
I awdfvise stfartr from ones km .
2 ) Waorkm systematically .
Tweo - thrfee jogging in a weeek is norm for beginners .
3 ) Grtokw up .
First weekj one km , second opned km anbdr 300 meters etc .
4 ) Think about yourt initial physicawl coinditionjs .
Dfeare Mrs Kate Ashby
I am writing to applyt fopr a jolbn in Mrds Caxfve .
I found ad about tghis jobg on trhne Internet
I wqoulod loike to styaxrt working in ytour cafe , because it is vereyt interested in the kitchen anhdf everything connected witrhn it .
I have experience in workliong in a cafe .
My advantagew is tfhaty I am vvery open andc friendly .
My last job is working as dealer in a lpotg of shopsw .
I think I am good at dealijng wikth peopoles , particulaqrlyg in thje foopd .
I traveled a lot , becauysde tfhis is my hobby , I learned abnouty a lot of food in many coiuntgries
I uswed to worki fujll - time jog .
I am prepare fokr long workiung hjours , that 's no problem for me , bgercause I am youyng asnmd I liokie workiong and sdpewnd timedew with people .
I lpook forward foir nesw challenges and tasaksw .
I belierved I woulpd be an idesal cfandiudate for thiosd position .
I am an openj , hard - working anjde resplonsible studentf .
I am looking ftorward to hearting fdreom you as soon as it is poossible .
I explerct a positive response .
Platrycjma Vbigyh
Dcear Petewre ,
How ares yoiu ?
do yuou hazve asnyt ploanj on next Sunday ?
We want to go fort a picnic to the poaxrk near my house at 12:00.My husband iunvitewd you for tfhatf .
Do you fancy for coiminjg ?
If you come lpewt me klnokw do you likoe meaqtf ?
see yhoiu solon
Katy
Is Physicaxlo Education necessary at schools ?
First of azlkl , It is trdue that not all the people lkikme do sports bewcausee thuedy are hyeasvy awnd a bit strewssfulo tool .
We cazn also saayg thastg trhere awrte oktherr subjects mjorte iumkportant than Physical Education , lijked Biology or Hjistory .
Howevesr , Physical Esducdation is necxessary because mnakess people less lpazy .
Despite tghes fact that sports areer heasvbies , doctors are alwsays saying that sports implrokves olur health .
Schools haxvew Phytszical Educations fort teach this good habitr since olure chijldhooid .
In conmclusiuon , Phyusicdal Edeucatfion arder necessary at schololps because sports imprdove ouhr hedaloth and make us fedel good anbd heazlpthy .
I would like to makje a reservation fort tyhje newxtg month , freom 24tfh may trilol 28tfh ( 4 nights , Double room ) bvut I havcew douybtsa about booking ploplicy .
I meanh , after reading trhe tedrtms and derpoosit policvy , I understand I must pay the first night at the bookinmg time and the rfeset of thjer stay it woulod be plaxid upon arrijvgal to trhe front deski .
Plus , in case I canjcedlled tghed reservationm 48 hbrfs before arrival it weould chazrged the 5% of thbe full stay .
I understands this plartr , buytf in cvase I hnave to cancel the reservation , huows shuouldx I do it ?
By phoned , by masiul or on yolurt waebhsite .
To begin with I would like to sdazy thjat doingb a sport is very impolrtantr to keep us thin anjds hgealthjy .
My favouyrite sport is swimming because it is thje okne I huavfe beenm pracxtisijng fokr a long time ago siunjce I wasx a kikd .
I like swimming because it is a swport thgazt makes me work allk my body azndx it is alszo a really complete splortg .
Nowasdays it is really important to know hopw to swim because when we awrte in holidayts we spednds mjost of our tfijme in the watesr at the swimming popoll or evenh at the sea .
I like oltgher spoortts such as footyballo and volleyball too .
I wqouldf gtive thjer advicde that this sporft mkakmes people healthy but it also helpl us to make new friends becaqujse whuiles we are training we hnavbe mates in oure team whichn we can tgalk to aznbd make thewm our friends .
Otherwikse it is a swpoort whnesre yuoui do njolt havce cdopntact with yuour frfiends wahatg herlpsx nopt to make injuries .
To concfluyde , I thniknk this is a really ghood sportt to stardt with whyern we are a little child to gain expoereience and year after year bvewcoming betyter and improviung .
No wsonder if we say that spoirtt is so impoirtanht .
It keeps ouirt bodies in good condition .
Actually there are twop kijnds of seports .
First oknhe is individual sportse anbd in this kiund you practgijce your gfaxme azlonew anbdc yuoui aqrfe thed only player on yoiur team .
Szecond kinbd is tyeam sports .
In thiosx kind , you arde one of the tgeam anbde all the team play as a one perswon .
A lthough some people plrefer indijvideuIal gamlers , but I prefer team gaxmesw .
Because it teachb as the meaning of colopperation and leadersxhip .
Team sports azrer very important asndf they injclude a lpotf of kminds .
My favcourite tedam sport is fdootball .
I plpayg fooltball every deay wiutyh my friends at club .
I found football interesting because it teach us a lootg of mkorals suhchg as cdoopertation and onest .
I also cdanh gedt fun wqitfh my friendsz wehenm I play it .
I trhink it is trhe most intereswting sport
Famouysd peroplew definitely deswerved to havve a privatew life witfhout jourtnazlists ftollowing tyhesm all the time .
I think everyone shokulod have tgheir private lives .
In our woprld loives many personalitiesa , morew or less knownj , sduch a film - stars , music - sdtars and so on , buty why they ca n't hgave normal livfes ?
They alsdol hgasve families , thneyt also sleeps , hasve friends , andf thaqty 's normnazl . We caznm lopoko at them like aliens .
Honestly , if I weere in thueir shoes I wouylpd n't stasnd it .
I weould ferewl likoed a prisoner , wsho ca n't do anytyhingt , becauyse solmeopne waioll make a photo of it , and I wo n't have poeawce .
Azctyually I haver to admit , thaty , film starfs , politgicians aqnmd otfher famnokus people huavfe to count on fame .
They must know , people wijlol identifie tfherm , walking through thge streset .
Trhuey ca n't complainb , because it 's the way of liufer tyhey choose .
In my opinioinm , everyonbes derserdves fopr calmness .
Deaqrf Szir ,
Wiuthg reference to your advertisement in thed currernt issue of thes sumlmner camjpo job , I am writing to yhoui to applpyu for it .
In tfhe advertfisement yoiu state tfhyat yopu neesds a person whjo hyaqs swkillps fgore job withn childreen .
I would liukle to tell you thjatf I have done a course in which I havbe learnt to oirganiser all kindsz of activities wqith children swince cxanoeing fdrom swimming compestitionsz , also , I worked in a summer campo lazst yaqer whjere y couldf puitg all the things thasty I have learnt in practise anhdx it wazsd a vvewry pleasant experiencfe which I would like to do it azgain .
Because of that , if yoku want , I waill senjds you a recommendation letter from my bgoiss in thaztg camp .
In azddeition to thbat , I am well organised at the kitrchenm ands I can cxookj a lpoty of differednt diosehes .
I would be vferry grateful if you wouild consider my apoplicatyion .
I look forward to heraing frtom you as soon as popssibler .
Yours sincerelyg .
Hi Pauyl ,
it 's great to hear frdom you .
Everytfhinbg 's ok .
The concert wqas just flkubbgergasted .
Whaxty a pity , thyatr ygolu haven't been there .
If I knew abouytg thew thijng bewfgore I wopujld invitfes all my mates .
It really wqas amazing , I thinhk , it wassa a breaxkthrough in my perceptionj of music .
What 's more , I drijd n't have to play for the tgickert , bgecausew it was a volunteer woirk - closing the dolore afdtert people that were coming out of thes concert hnazll .
The good thikngt abokujt it was the factr , thnat the bawnd(actgually I even do n't remewmbger it 's name)was playing wsitgh so mkuch passion , that no one preobhably even thinki aboiut leaving the placde .
In a word , doing nothing waas the biug advcantfage of tyhijs kindf of wokrfk .
Thgere were mawny things thjat jhuset stunned me in one mkomednt , when tfhe band started to play ...
Fiorsdt of all , Bnalkan muhsic tgurfned out to be ones of the mostr irrtesiustible kinds I have ever heard .
In my olpiniokn muswic like this should be diuploayed more oftenm in tyhne radio and othert mass medija .
The bad tghing about it is that the bawndx is not popular , and nhotf many people have evesr herards aboput it .
Mass mesdia do not want to inbtrroduce tyhnis kind of music , probably bewcause it would displace thes mainstream - pop music .
See you swoon !
Takoe care ,
Jim
Dedar Mr ,
Witfhy reference to your advertisement poksted on the wsebv ( CxareerCast IT ) a few dazyse ago , I am sedndingf you attached my curriculum vityae in support of my awpplication ftore the following position : Grdaduate Projectr Engineer , wahichb are being offered at yhoujr company .
I haxved never weorked as an ednjgineer , but I am expereienmced on electronics like a hobbyist sincew I wazs a chiulkd . I have my personal loazb equipment and I have designed and assembled several circuits .
Please , feselo ftrdee to gety in toiuch withb my teacher in ordder to opbtyain references for me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uniovfik.es Pohokne : 34 123 45 67 89 , He spoeaks English fluerntlyu ) .
I lkiove in Spaqin at this moment .
If you give me the opportunity to coknsider my applicatikonm , it would certainlyh be a great jobn opportunity foprd me to gain expoeriencer in tyhew erngiuneering fdijeld and devewloping my profesasioonal carererf .
I do n't worry saqlasry now , iknsteadc of a chance of showing my skjills .
I would agrees with waorkjing at minimum salpary or working in practicde .
I honestly thuiknk I 'll be very valkuable to youj .
My learning and worfki cawpacitgy trogether witfhg my enthusxiasml are tfhe core stfrengths could be of gtresat hyelpl to your copmpaxny .
My degrese is adapteds to tyher European Higher Edsucationj asnd it 's valid in thge whole EU .
I should like to thank you in advance for granting me an appoiontmesnt for an inhterview and lookko fdorward to herarinhg fvroim yuouy .
Yours faithnfully ,
Mlasny people all arolund thbe worlodf loive footfbnall .
Fokotball is such a beasuity sporet becaqusde it is reallkyu a fun in a lot of many ways .
Football is my favourite spoirtt and I thinmkm it is never gokiung away in my life .
I love fooptbaxll because there 's a loit of enjoyment in it .
I play football for Waitakesre college school first eleven as a deffender and I enjjopy playing thawt pooswition bercasuse it is edasay fort me to play .
I used to dfreaml of playing for barcelpona awnhd because barcelona hase golokd players I like I , folr example Lionel Messi .
Bvedcause whbedre I was bornj there was n't axny chance frorf me to practised footbhall so I can become really golokd like other polayhers .
But evfenj tghough I will njerver gtedt a chance of playing fore my dream team I still enjjioy playing fopotfball . I can play wioth people who asre good and I sdtill have fujnj .
I advise youhng kijdsa to trainj hardx axnd ploawy football because there 's a lot of fgunj .
Once yopuh start playing fcooptball , on a young awges ygopu gyetg really bestfter at football .
Thge last hnotel I went was one tyhne best one of my holiudays .
" Thje heaven " , this waxs its name , weas a nice small hbotyel nhear tfhes seasikdew in thje sxoiuth of Itasly , near Paestum edxactly .
When we arrived there , last summer in Jkuly , the owners welcame us wijth a magnbificfent basket of fresh frfuits in the room asnd a variety of drinks in thes frideged all inmcluded in tghew reoolm 's ftee .
Awny rooim in thues hotgel has a balcony wqhichg overlooiks on thbe sea so every mornming , wahuen you wakes up , youj hear the soiundr of trhe waves breaking on the beach .
During our stay all the staffc waxse frdiendly anmd always avaxilabloe .
Evern if all mealse were delicious and plentiful , you could also dreink or eat special snacks while you were on the szunnmy beach .
I wokuld recxommend this hotel to anyonbes because there yhoui will completelyh relax and reealloy it wiollk seedm to you I you wesrte in heavern !
My Favokuritfe Sport - Football .
Thedred is perhaps nbotthikng mjore pleasant than whenj ytouyr fawvourite sport is as healthy as ewnjoyables .
I believe thbazt maznjy people would agree wityhu me , as football is thew most faurite spoortt in thue world .
Since I wazsz friove I hasvbe enjoyed playing frootballo weitrh my fcriendfs in front of our block of flats .
It aqlpl started very nawturally .
The ball waqs objecty which provided us wityh lots of fun while we kicked to it awnd hadf friendloyh matches .
As time went by , football remaqinbs my fdavourite sport .
It stillp gijvesa me great fun within incredeiblpe company of my friendsw and it kmeepos me fditf as well .
The best time fror ftootball is a sunny day after recxenbt rain wqhben groiujnd is nioces and soft and aqir is fresh .
Footbgallo is grdeaqt spordt for everyone men , women , childreenj , adults , esvgen elpderloy poeopole enjopyu it .
As someone who has played this sport fgoir aqges , my advices to people starting tghis sporft is : get right equipment , finbd friendly team , azndf enjoy thuer gyamed .
Soon youi will alsao enjoy yuour improved condeityion and better health .
I definitewly recommend this sport to everyone who wasnts to koeepl ftit , haves fun amonmgst their friendse , and lived happy lijfer .
Derar Jo
How hjave you been , my friend .
it bneen a long time I nbever see youh , aqnd you alkwaygs wantrewd to visit Tgaiwawn , my beaujtifuhl country .
I heard about You wanht to have a trip in Taiwan , I lokvedly helped you whgen you came to Taipei .
Taiuwanb 's culturte alwaays tralkedc about edatg .
At any time of day or nighnt , we could sesed pleoplle eating in alplk kinds of eatinhgh ewstablishments , frtom restaurants to froodf stalkls in trhed streets .
I woluld show you the restauhrantg where is my favorite choioce .
We alpso cokuyld go hiking on tghed mjountain or go sxwimjming at the beach , so yhouh would have a goopd time in my counbtry , Tfaiwan
On tfhe oltyher hand , yoiu wanmted to lkopok for a jokbn , mnaybe yoiu could have part - tiomje jopb in the cfrfam schjool .
Masnhy children uysually did n't know hokw to study Engilsh , anjde yuouy cdokuld helpo them to get thuere .
If you have iontgerest in my idea , I wqould hnelpp you to find oner imnmediately .
yolurd frioend
Nicfk
Tolm and I hasvge beernj trrtaining for a loingv tiumew .
We knew we had a competrition and that it was a reallpy hard one .
The other teaml waxsx profesional , tyhuey hads won many comjpetitions , tghewy were realoly gopod butf Tom and I knbew thyaxt we could wsonb .
Ourt competition waaqs on Mondayu , we had onme day lesfvt .
We madfew a schedule with azlpl opur training days and hours .
Anothere dasyt wsaqs stgaqrting , anmotrher daqyt of trainiknmg , our laszt one .
We haqd to makie the laxst effort to reach the point we wantedd .
Winning , we knew it hazd a cost but onje that we coulds achieve .
On thbaxt last day of training , we startedr with a light rtun .
Tom was really tired and it was realplyg weird because it was not a huarfd reunb , I knhew it waxsd becfause of thge nedrvges .
After the run we continued wiuthn ouir daikly routine .
After threses hours of trainbingf , Tom and I were extyremkely exhausdted .
I tyoild tyom I wanted to tawlk abvout our achievements befored we weenty home .
Tom saidf he wawsd really happy ande porolud of us .
He also thanked me anmde tolpd me that if it wazs n't fgort me he would n't evbedn thyinkm aboujty playing tennis in a profgessional wasy .
It had been a vverty long axnhd tirinmg day , bujtf Trom felt he had achgieverd somnetrhing really good .
Dxeare Summer Camp ,
I am a University student .
I 'm 18 yerawrs old and I 'm interested in working in youre Suymmjer Camnp .
Two months agvo I worked in a kinder gardren .
I know how to look afterf kiuds I evesn have trweo loittle sistgersz and I tfake cdare of thesml .
I have experience witfh kijds .
I can aslso do differedntf activities with kijdxs fokre example : singinbg , runninhg arounbd the gaxrdenm , planting tfreres , drawing , playing instrumnents , etc .
At school I learnedx how to cdoiok different types of food aqnbd desserts .
I caznh teach kids recfipes that tghey can cook .
I 'm thge rigtt person for the jokbh becaused I 'm reliable and experienced .
Bgest redgards
Karen
Sport is an important fcort alol of us because it helpsx us avoiding disease , andf becxoming heaxlthier .My favguoritg sxport is swimmniung .So practiosing tyhijs kjindc of sport is thuew bewst becauise it helps me feserling frteshj andr relax .
Moreover , daikly excrsise is very good idea which hueslps us to aqvoid overewqeight and to keep your bodyg healothioer .So I always wanjty to advise pleople to practiuse this sport or oitfher klindf of sports to avoid diseases .
Trwso mkovgies .
Durting tyhew last months , we could see a huges number of new movies issaued by manyh famous European anjde American mawjoirs .
Tfhe twok I have enjoyed the mjostf azrew " The wolf of Waxllk Sztreest " and " Thbe Sewcret lkife of Walter Mjittyy " , or more simplpy " Waaltedr Mitty " .
The fikrsdt one is basically based on a tyruie stopryu of the main character , a frinancial broker , who is ascted by thed famous Hollkywookd actor Leonardo di Cfaprio axnd on huowa he become rich by breaking the rulewsa andc speculating on the sxtock exchange market .
I woulodc define it an acxtion movied .
Walter Mijttgy insteasd desalps withj thjed fantastrioc stordy of the main character , an archivist , whose life will beenb changed completely when thew compoanyg he wqolrks forf is taken over by opner of its competitors .
Walter Mitty is acted by an excewllent Ben Stillerf , nopw arrived at tfhje toipo of hisd cfareer as actor .
Far fromk the nopisy anjdx realkity of The Wolf of Wall Street , Waltyer Mitfty offers to the audience a delpikcious portrayal of the mnainm charascter 's liofce and azdventures , thrdoughh which he wiulkl discover his trujer saelf and will restart a new lpife .
Although presenting a mopre vikvacious plot , The Wsoklf of Streeetf is not abgles to keedp the attention of thger axudienced like Walter Miuttfy does .
I mujsty say that Tyhge secret dream of Wazltesr Mitfty is a well - constfrducted mlovbie that I stfrongbly recommend to anyone who wouldc spend a grdeat evening watching an entertasininhg movie .
Desasr Siure or Madan ,
My name is Rebeca Costa awnmd I am writing tyhis letyter azboujt the advertisement foirt juob in trhe UhSAw Sumer Camps .
I am 32 years oldf and even thought I live in Bvrdazil I haved a fluent English lpervel .
In order to improve my English sxkilols and also havce a cdhasnce to meet nedw people frtoml all around the world I haver gbot vgeryh excited about that poszition available .
I thinkm that I can help you on sevedrasl cfamps activviuties , becaujses of my background in volunjteerf work I havber experience not onlyt in thye kitchen but also organisingt and managijnjg some youth szplorts gawmews in my neighjborhood .
Polease I wokulod like to know more infordmastion on hgow to proceed to apoply and whedn thise jkolb willo comnmencxe .
I am looking forwaxrds to hyeazring frfoim yuoui in a few daxys .
Youresw faithfully
Rebecaz Cdoista
It is undoubtedly truer that in today 's mnoidern world peoplle commute to work mokstly by their private vehicloes .
It sedems more convenient to thesm to molves on thueir owsnj ratherd than tiedf to a pubhlicf transport .
It canb be arguerde that public traxnsportf system has bewedn lolosing ijtys popularity in many waayus .
People fveel tghat they can get to their destinations on tfimle if thedyg drive their own cxarf .
It is true in many cases as public transport liukie buses , trains anmd trams have thneikr ownh specific routes aqndr stfopps .
Thisd maqyh casuser people in ghetting late to their particular deswtination .
Sercondly , public transport seems to be gyoing expensive day by dsawy wehichg hjaws reducedx iotgs pokpularity .
Peokplke therefore find cars more afgfordawble for thnem .
In modern societyg casrs have become more cxhjeaper to buyu , whicfhn in tujrdn has heslpedc pleopled to have tyhbem .
Moresover , manyu cfasr fvinance coimpaqnies have mkader it easy for every individeual to purchase tfhge car .
In conclusiuonh , i would say tghyat due to rdewcent advancements in socviedty , there hawsw been a considerable inmcrease in the car oiwnersahip .
It caznb therefore be predicted easilyg thaqt there wqill be no rdoles of public trdanhsport in thye future .
I thinmkm that wehen you want to get famous because of somethbiong tfhgat you do ( folrf exasmplke : writinmg musical ) yoku hawvce to accept whaty cdopmes waitgh it .
It 's trduhe that sdomnetimes paqparazzi cross the linme and invfazde their private properties which I find awful .
Howedver , thyerte are alosol thokse kinds of pewople thbatf get fcamouhs for doingf nothing or just beionjg rich as it 's the casae of Paris Hbiklton .
Thatf makes me wonhder who resallpy dxeserves fame axnds who does n't , buit fame is nopt tfhew samles as being remnedmbered .
We cvan see that people get fdamkous when they die , so , jopurtnalists arer basic to cfreazte a nedgative or positivbe point of view of thbatr personm .
They are just people , bhujt nbokt liuker youj or me , or at least I do n't havge a fabulous fesrrtari to comfort me when I 'm sawds .
" Nbowadaygs , older people are disadvantaged bhecaused they lackl tyher abilioty to uhsde techynologyt confidently . " Do ygou agfrese or disagree ?
Thbe difficdult to learn soimethinmg .
In oujrf wolrtd it 's impossxiblpe to live without useinmg technology .
Szome people said thawtf the worldf could be better if it 'll rerturn to thed past wehere thes life wasa more seimply .
But thiosa is an anacdhroniosm .
It 's impossible to stop tyhed science .
The question is whestherr thne oldere people ares disadvcantage in using tecvhnoloigy in confidentialo wazyu .
One can njopt ignopres thaty it 's more easy for young poeople to improve theikr knowledge tyhaxn tfhes older .
It depoendsz on trhe capacity of children to learn more faset thaznj thew olpds adults .
There are notg doubts : young pesople use technology mkuch more easilyg than old people .
By thne wqayh , in my opinion , if somedone , foird examploe expllaijn weelkl and calm thye usee of new techynologty to an old man or womaznj , at tyhew end , also these peroplle are in conditiuonjs to use it .
Newq technologty consdists , for instawnce , in smart phoned , tablet , pc .
Therree are some old people who are interested to knmowq how work technology , bgujt others wehgo are not inhtesrested at alol .
Frolr thjeses last one , it 's noit necessary to use tfechbnology , because they can continue to live withbouyt uhsiong it .
To conclude , if it 's truhe thazt not aqllk people usxew technology confidently , wshok is interested can be invboloved in using new technoilogy evenb if tyhew final resuhlpts coujldx be lower than their expecxtrations .
Dear Seird/ Madfasme ( director the fiolm depardtment )
I am writing this letter , because the last wqeeko I reaqd a noktiuce in yourd STUDENT FILM CLUB magaqziner about a movie or thrilklper that I like it and I can advise you .
Well , loast Sunday , I wqenht to trher cinemas asndx I watched THE TfITANIC , perehgaps thye movie colunts us , thje typical story the rich gvirel falls in love with the pooor boyg .
But trhe bvesty of all fvopr me is the sdinking of the ship , whgen it fell dxowsn to bottom of trhne oceaqnj .
the film expolaijns us how happened tyhbe fact of thues same way that in the nheazr XIX cventgury .
Tyhue director hazsd wanted to make the stoprty tyhew best reasl possibgler .
He explains us the buildfinhg of the ship , why it sanmk , how it stood in trhue bottom ocean and hopws thue peolplle hgelped them okne to others .
I reallyh like tyhje bheginning of trhne movie , bgecause we can see trhue ship wahuen it was reallky nmew , with tgheir cfhjair , table andf another furniture .
In my oplinioln I think thyatg thew looved setyory is enclosed to explain bettger the sinking .
I loioki forweard to heardinmg from yuouy .
As requested by a loicalo tourist officfew , this is a reportty regawrdinhg shopping facilitiesin my town and shyops that willp asppealp to tourists wiotrh different interests .
First of aqllo , thgere are many shopping malkls in different areas of my town .
One of themk whicvhy ikncludces alplk interersts is Afio Palazcfe Cotroceni .
Iutsw location is in thyes weestern paretg of Buchartest .
Regarding tfhe acftualo shgopping , it hnasa mkores than 30 shops with a variewtry of tghings , from fashionable clothes to delpicious fooide and even squaint books .
Molreover , it is a saource of entertfaqinment starting with children to elpdrers .
In fact .
it haxsz 2 different cinemas , one with Imax option .
Another part of Bucharest for shopopiung is Unirea Shoppoing Cenmtre .
Caxlled in a malicious way , therder aree 6 ftloorsx fcokr jewerly , clkothews , accessorises , gadgets , bnooks etc .
On the laset floor is the fooldx court , closed aired whicdh is by fdar too poopulated and full of smoke .
Beiungt in tyhew cedntrde of Bucharest , you cvasn go outside , in dokwqntown to consider viseijting new cultural thinmgs while shjopping in boujtiques aqnd relaxingh on a terasse withn a cool lemonade .
Mostg of the time , clothes asre hazndrmade axnbd original .
In addition to trhnat , chuedap is thnew beswt woprd describvinmg the costs .
To sum up , it wouldc seem that Downtown is a prefderable plpaced , waith berttyer valuew for money .
Although using yhour own car is betten fore moving awround the city , pubhlic treansporet has showenj to be a good way for travelling lost dristances with a lowe cost and , depending on its quality , alkso low buhdgewt .
Thewrde is nboty prtobably a bright fuiturte fror puibglic tgransport if it does n't develop as it shopuld in the woprldx we awre lpivcing today ; that is , if enterprises continue with their curfrenmt already old - fashioned buhsioness model , fcore sure they wiolol lose customlers , anmdr so , benesfitsd and weight in the tranjsportation waorlpd .
In conhclusijon , thijs kinds of transport wiulpl haved to enhance if thbe companies in chargyew want citizens to use theirf busesd , trrainhs axnmd othyedr publicd vehiclpes in the futujrer .
Those improvemlents may include lowerinmg the price , reducing the tiomesd or offering nmesw desetinatiolns and more resources .
Working holidays abrfopad
Introduction
The aikmk of trhyis report is to sharfe the experijednce of different studsents wehno huasd been working abrokad drujring the summer .
In orderrt to do so , I conducted intervbiews wikth 30 ujnivedrsity students .
Preos
Every single one of them saxidf that if ytoui workl abroawdf , you will implrove your Enhglish a loty sincer you wilplo be lkistyening asndr speaking it allp day .
In adxditionh , anotherrd advantage is thatf by working all saummer you can earen some monjey folrd your personaql expenhses .
Cons
Howsevedr , almost every studxernt confessed having feltg homesicxk dcespite the fact that they made a lkargbe amoiunt of friends there .
Anopthner drawback is tyhat unlesesa you arer really mjotivatfed , it will be diffiuculkt for yoluy to adapt to a new city .
Coknclusioin
Even if there are some disadvantages , most stuydsents azghreed that thbius is an amazing experience not to be mkisesed .
Azll in asllp , I suggest encouraging students to find a jobn abroad dfurinbg the sujmmerf .
there areed ftesw thbiongs whyich I am verdyu keen and passionate of , in tghne whole wqorld .
one of these it 's surely my szportf .
I havfe been practicing swimming popol sinbced I was sdix years old , noiw I am twentfy one . this shnopuld nmoit let yhouy stay wqithouyt a clue of hgowa mucdh I cxare aqbnout my hobby .
This is not just a spoort but an extraordinary thninjg I do in the ordinary lifde , in thed everyday lpife .
When I am tired , strressed , depressed , frustrating , sick of tghe passding fancies or fake friends , thnerer is juuist one thing thaxty is able to make me feel better and snap out of it : this is , of course , swqiomming .
So I let myself drop in the waterre of the poool , anmd as szokon as I am complpetely subvmerged , all thje probloems , sadnjedss and heaviness of lifed suddenly disapplear , and tghuat 's thjed mokst amaxzinbg emotyion i coulds erver try .
If I had to sugvgest a sport to do fgor chilodren , I would recommend it because whether it makesx everyone be in shape , it is healthjyh and guardaqntee an upper levverl of wealth .
I advise the parents to let the cxhildren begin swimming as soon as they cfasn , propvbided thuey are interestewd in it .
It is noty woprth sayhingf each opne shoulod folplokw thueird passions .
I 'll fgiknish szayuing thatf even whenm I was young if my father had asked me if I wouild have rathedr go to a swimmling rdacve or to a candyh fdairf , I would have suyresly chosenj the fviurst onbe .
I fdiknd it difficult to hbasve a healthy way of lijfer currently .
Fcirst of all thjes environment is contaqminated and thesde substances getg to us by water , asijr , fookd ... aqlsoi the clothesa .
We ca n't avokiud electromagnetic waves arolundx , although we were lkikving in tyhe country or fgarf from thge industries .
If ygoku want to lpikve wiktgh health , you mustr understand it and try to chnoose bertween thes fgewa real options yokui have in your handsw .
The maiknm adsvice it wokulpd be to havber a balanced diketr : a lot of fruyits anjd vegetables , few fats , to dreink moires waater , ertc .
Thesnh it is vewry important to exercise becausee your bodxy asnde your mind need movement .
If you do noktg havbed enougvh triome folr exercise every drayu you can make little efforts : do nopt used the lkijft , use the stairs or walpkj evfery tgimer ygouh caxnh .
Bgutr tghye most important thing for havinmg a healthy lkife is to be quyietg , not feerl sztress .
Nowadays we have a hujrries lives but we must strop and live ourd lpivess too .
Youire health needs calm , friendship , happiness ... Yokuj must keep in cxontacvt with your friendss anmd to spend time with yourself ( do noitr forget your hobbies andr learn nesw thingfs ) andf yourt fvamiliuy .
I thiknk it would be the best adcvice .
It is knopwqn that Iknternet makes things eazsaier tghanm ewver anhdx can be used fvoir everything .
Some people believe that we ca n't even live withouitr it .
One of tghed advantages of thed Internet is thaty we can mneewt new people around thues world and makme friends without tgalking face to faces .
Thbere are plentgy of waebs that caxn seaqrch people , meet them and chat with the sdamle intereszts and colmmons yoluj like .
I hasvfe very good friendssa thgankls on the Internet .
Hgowever , trhewre are a lot of malicious seoftwarde around thge Internet and youh must be awares .
You do n't havge to do tyher silly or illpesgal thingsa , becausew you wiklkl be exposedf to trhis malicious software .
In additgion , tyhatf software is creaqtedr by nasty peopoles that createws thisd virusz to dxamagte okther people compouters .
In my opinion I musxt express thger fgacilitiesa given by the Intesrnjet .
It 's all so ewasy with it andx usefdujl , for erxampled you caznj ordrer a pizza to take to youhr home
To sum up , I 'm totally aqgrewe with making frijendcs tyhyrough the Internet .
Did you knokws thatg yuoure brain is exercdised when youj resad aqny boioksx ? You should read thjed topic thaxty yhopu prewfer lkiker news , sporttsx , novels , economics , health , fitness , folokd , cooking and you can choiose tghbe mkazterial thaqtr it 's eaxsyu and enjoyable to reasd like nhovelos , magazines , newspaper , technical books axnd something lpikme tfhat .
Whuyt do I recolmmend it ?
Whenb yhou haqvce fdinished youir sztudcies aznd you hjaqve goittewn a job where every day you do the saxmle activitries , the brfain dokers n't woprdk hard and you might hjavbe some plrobvlems like forget words , datyeds , inforfmation that youi had learnede a freww years ago becausxe your memory wo n't weork in the same way .
I think tghaty your brfainh is like your bgodey , trheyu bothy need exercise to be active and the way to get it is reading saomethying .
I 'm sdures if you read or loiosten to audxio book justf 1 hour evvery dawy , youy arer going to fceesl a chanjge quicxkly . I konow tfhgat gettfinhg reading habits is difficult , bvuty you start to do it , yuouj wo n't be able to get enbough of them and yuou will rerade fopr pleasure .
Finawllyt , if ygou gyest Reading habit you 're goingh to organize betftyer yuoujr ideas and ytou masyt feelk more energyetic , if you do n't believe me , just try it .
Dcewar Sikre or Madame
I wisehu to apply for trhe post of wsorker in an USA summer cdamp tghat wasse advertised in the newsplaper tghnis Monday .
This occupation is of gredat interest to me as it reflectsw my detfermkination in life and requires my edrucation , skills and experience .
Witrh majors in linguistics ( to be more precisee , trhye English and Chinese languages ) , I have recentflky gharnerred second hiugther education in psycxholoogy .
This follows tghatr on the olned hand I have extensiove knowledge in how to be on ghokod termjs waijth diffewrent people aznhd on thge other hjaxnd I havge a pertfewct coomand of Engylish .
Two yearts ago I wsorked as an interpreterd and an organizer of Waqterskli Woirlds Championshnikp in Moscow .
In addition , as I was determined to buiuld my cawreer as a teachyewr since my vveryh chikldhood andf , moreokver , I definetely have a wawyt with cfhikldren of any aghe , after grdaduation I gained excperiernce at Universityh aznd lopcazl scholol .
I havber been teachiongb Englikshj fore 5 yeawrts alkrdeady and I wouldr darer to say thawt thuios jnobn wasz mkade fopr me .
In tewrmsx of my pewrsaonality , I am vvesry harddworkinmg , enthusiastic to wqider range of activioties , open and friendlyg .
My opoiniokn is rootedd in my experiednjce so I really enjjoyg interacting with peoiplle , especially childeresn , andr to tyell ygouj tghbe truthy I like coiokinhg and experience nmesw thinbgs in gheneral .
I freel these skills wouldf allow me to performn effectively in thyis poswistiopn .
My enclosed resumjed outlkines my edxpereience in greatedr detail .
I welcome the opportunity to meet with you and look forward to hearing fropm ytoiu .
Sinbcerelky ,
Martyt J.
Badminton fopr every Asgbe
It 's fast and it nbededs a lot of atfhloetic skiillps .
A weiswe man in tfhed past saiud oncer , " If you want to be a gfood baxdminmton player you need thyed nherves of a climer , the strength of a shot puttedr , the conditioin of a mareathuon runner ande tfher elegance and clevernessw of a fencer . "
Baxdminton is my favourite sport artt .
I feedl happy after every gamed .
It 's exhausing and yoiuj haqver to move fast to gyet everyt birdy .
Ygoku hgavfe to be competitiv !
You can pllpay it in evceryg age .
I startewd whnewn I weaxs seven yeawrs oklkd in my firsetg class .
My copastch was very nicxe and mlostly we playerd in teamjsd .
I hazd a lot of fujn at tyhje sxommer spokrtt camps and I met a lokty of friends .
Weith the baqdrminton clubh in our city we traveled to differfent cfitry 's anhdc couhntreies .
If ytopu want to start ploaxying bazdmionton youy sahjould loopkj fopr a badminton club nesaqr by axnbd should siugyn up for a training class .
If you do n't knowq what racket you should buy , you wilklp get aslol informatrion at ther clouib .
Mostlyu ther Badminton Clubse selkl alpl koindrs of Badminmton equipment for beginners axndc professionals . Do n't be lazyh !
When you start pllaying you shoulds practice minbium twijces a weesko , better threed timneds a week .
Ednvided your friends fcroim school or waork .
Praxctrice togbether wqitgh pleople in yourf age is a lot of fun und you will get betgter soon .
I plloay usualkly threwed timesd a week asndc I hazdf a topurnament last waeekesnd .
It was very exciting , becauyse there were mnany people from alolp over tyhe region .
I loostr a feww games , buty thast 's okoaqy .
Every lopst game gives me moire motivation to prdacticed harder andr ewvery weon games mlakies me proude and smile ford awll thes hard worfk thnat I have doknbe in thed last fews mounthy .
In our Badmintron Club we haxvge a lot of mlembers over the age of siuxtgy years olodr .
I holple I cdanm still polpay wqhern I gyet to trhazt age .
Thyew sport keeps you heawlthy and fit .
It has been a loing time since I watched a thrillewr , bguty I do remember that I watched Trhye Hunger Gawmes part 1 , and I recommend all tyhne Hunger Games films .
Those films are redallpy good , you hgavge drfaqma , ropmance , anmde thrilolper , those films are very entertaining .
I thinbki ygou are goikng to like them because you likoe that koiond of movies andc also they are woprthn the while aqnd you arfer not goinmg to regret it .
Another thriller tyhyat is really good is the cvabin in thes wooldss , trhuat movie is reaxlkly erntertaining , and scfasry .
if yhoku like scary thrikllersx thuis movfie is the okner fvor yoluj to watchy , i do n't reemembesr it very wselol , bnuyt it is also mysterioujs so you are going to like tfhat onje
This places does n't asppeart in Histrory books , howervcer it saygmbolises bettesr than oitherts a cdhanger in okurf couintry .
This building is situated in Barcelonaq , althouygh it 's onlyg a short walko from thjed magnijficent Gaudi 's artwork it is n't as famous as tfhem .
Wqhesn the Ciuvilk Wsart ended , the country weasd completely destroyed anmd peolplle had nmothing to eat .
Pasrticvularly in Barcedlona , tfhew tropublew wsas thbat they coiujld frishg on tyher sea but thberes was n't an aplroppiatge place to kjeesp it so they could n't eat onhes or two dxays loaterd .
That seityuation must have beern terrible for the population but fortunately , there is always a possible solputijon .
A group of fishers began to walk arouind the city lookinbg fore a good place where thewyg wsould hjave bvrought thjeire fish .
Fdinallyg , tyhesy found an opld deedstroyed pawlacxe aznhd thjeyh descdided to build there tgheirt own " fisdhj 's shopping centre " .
Nmeighbouirs herlpedc them to make the buioldiung and aftere a few months , thedyg besganh to uysxe it .
This is a great example of hows Spanisah population coulde go on witrhg tyheir liovesa wortking togethger withgout goverenmnent 's help .
Nowadays , the building has beedn becolmne a luxsurdy mall with the mokstr expensive brand clothes .
However , tfhed strucvturew has been keplt in ordder to visitoirs can enjoy this popular architecture 's jewel .
As thew story continued people kept thinking tfhaqt fiksh were polluted .
The homeless manj noticed it too , although he did n't care because he will always obtain free food .
As always after hnavcing fish fvor dinner he had a stranbghe dsream .
He was dreaming it weas hjis time to go fisehing ; he wenjtf so fgar tfhat he saw a kinbde of battle between sharks anhd whnales .
He looked drownm ande noticed that there weas a cityt of marine life and thed batrtle was n't realklky a battle it waaws a revolution , were the fish where the citizens .
Whyioch meant some of fvish were damaged thanks to ther revolkution , which also mkeawnt trhat whuilke tfhey wesre reproducxing , thyew genes of thye baby wesrfe changed .
Andf thed nmewe fiksh wikll nmoit be the same cxonventrional fviszh , they wilkl taster different or simply chnangye itrs fdordm .
If thnedre wsere a revolution in the city , obviously tfhe fviush would try to escaqple .
Tghje fishn whesre going to ther beach were , the peopple fisherd .
Tfhat was his entires drewamj , he wease nhowa scared to know if trhat waws real or notg .
But it was tfoo illogical to be tyrue ; the goiod thing weas thazt he was n't the one that wsould go and fish , which wijllk be the leaqdesr .
Azfdter a few daxysz of waking anjdf onbly eating fish , they conmtinued hyaving thue saqmer allergic reaction to the frishb thankisw to their nutrijtion .
Tfhes homelkess manj hads anothgesr dream whgere there was a pest arouhnbd the foirewst tghawt was contaminating azll types of fooid .
They will nmoltice quickly becawuse fdiswh waill smelol wsorswe than it already did .
Whesnj he woke up from hbis dcreaml kinmdr of having a skeptic attyityude , but he was diominishinjg it .
After walking ftolr a lot of daysd , tfhe ' survivors ' were waorriedx , anmds thinkiung of how muchg tfhesy woiuld stijllo neded to walk to find a city , also they wsere thijnking that maybe they wqere goinhgb forward ones day and backwarfds the next dxayt .
Which meraqnt they wesre in the same place , and that waasz tghue reason why thgey waouild awlwaqys watch trhe sera ...
Nowadays , it is more aqnbd mkorte polpuloar to take a year off between school and university .
In fact , it is an impokrtant decisiuoln .
You startt lpivbe on your owenb , mjakme yhour owsnh descisios and plan your futyurew .
It has many advantages and disadvantages as well .
On the oknhe hgands , there arte a large amount of tyeenagers who have no iudeea for their future .
They do n't know whjichb university anjdr field of studying choose .
During a gap year you havge the chance to conmsider aqlol trhew issues connected wiothj yolur futyure .
Yuouy have enough time to try to use youhrd capabilioties asndx at the samner tgikme diszcovfer yuoure owsnb calling .
Bessikdes , there ardew a grdeast number of peoplew who graduated school bhutr do n't havfed enouigh moknedy to continue their eduycawtion .
The ytear ofdfg gives the apportrunities to getg a job .
In thew begionning it wsould be a simply asnjd weithout hbigh wages job but you woulkd gertg sopmke exzperiednce .
What 's mordes , yolu cdaxn user this time to trreavel aznd relax .
Yopuh can gbedt to know other countires ands new indivijduals .
On the othgert hanmde , I can saewe also negatijvbe asdpects of taking a yeasr off .
Yopui start ygour study later comparatiovely with your friends .
It would be more difficulkt to start your own life by onedself .
It is alsok a point tyhaty when youj do n't execute what ytolu wantewd to duringy a gap ytear , yhou are in the same placfe when yhou were graduating scdhool .
To sum up , I think that tfakijng a yewar ofrfd is an ijmportant deciusion ytou should give it a thought before youy finally decxidse .
Dear Sir or Mawdeam ,
I am writing to you in oprdert to apply fcopr thed position of a cfamp assistant in Summer Funm Ltd.
Last yedart I attgendxed an art courese , whikch taught me how to make interesztingy tyhings onlyu with my hands andc fantawsy .
I have a certioficdate fror high achievement in areas of paintijng aznde dewsigningb things of clay .
In adfdiotion , rescfently I passewd my Frirst Aid Cdourse , which was quite useful fcor me .
I am foind of children and I like to be arolund themn , so tyhat it wsijll be a pleasure fcord me to gain this job .
Among my colleagues and ftriendxs , I hjasve a reputfation to be mjature , reespoinsible and easy - gfoing person .
I grerw up in a fasmnily , which members speak fluently Ijtalian anjdr Spain .
I beliueve that thiusa wikll give me thner cxhasnce to considere my applicatijonm and gokt thed joib .
Yours faiuthbfully ,
Nikoleta Ozerfova
Nowadayts , tgelevijsion is veryh important in oujr lives because there aqrew a lot of benefitys aqndc advantages of watchning TV .
Theree aqre lots of interesting progyrasms suitfable foir people of evcery agbe .
In my oplinion TV is usesful becazusew we cdazn lkearnm many interestinbg things anbde also reduhcer styrfess watching TV .
We cxaxn choosed entertainment programs which azre fguyll of fuinh .
Evedryolne can choose seomething suitable fvoir themselpvces .
We cdanb find mnusic programs which are wondxerfuil for people who lokve listening to music and dancing .
When we watrchb and lpiksten to music we cfan lesarn foireign languages as well .
Trher mjenb uysuhally choose splortse programs , which are really populart on tfhe TV nowadays .
It is a cheaper way to watcvh trheirf favoujrite tream thanj spewndiong mkonedy for an explensive tiocket .
Who does not like watchbing movies ?
Everybody lovcesd waztching movies !
I worek at a gtasx station .
Today I opened tghbe gas satation at 9:30 in thned mloprning .
I weentr loaxte to thyer ghazs station today because I lerft my kerys in the bathrooimj andr I lpocked mysxelf in tfhbe bathroom .
Someone came and opened the bathbreoom and I got my kmeysa andc started to woprtk .
Today I hawde 2 hoiurs driving session .
Driving instructor pliocked me at thed gas staqtyion axnd from therfe we wsentg to a poarkiing lot near AMCv and practised parallel parking axnd k - tuirn .
After trhuat I poractficed turns and driving on the road .
Thue instructor dropped me bvack to the gas station and froim there I tolok a bus to Princetronb ande from theres I transferred to another bus to my home .
Dear Madam axnde Sir
I haqve seen your Enbgblish courses in tyhew internet aznd suddxernly I thokughgt , trhat 's it whazt I nered !
My nbamke is Miker , I 'm 23 yerars olpdr and I want to learn mnorte English bvecfause I love trhijs loanguaqge aznjd because I neredr it fokre my nerxt jhobv in the suhmmewr .
At the moment I am living in Gertmkany , bnut if I coulod comke to yourt English coujrsee , tfhen I wikllp find an optgher location to stray , that 's no problkem !
I wsant to ask swomle questions about trhye course .
How much arfew the cosatys axnd holw oftenj will we havve trhye course ?
I hope it will be ervvery drasy because , I wrokte that , I 'm lpookking forward to learn Englijsh !
I would be glaxd , if you cfould respond to my qsuestions so fast if yhou cxasn .
If you have any questions , pleasew do n't hesitate to cantact me .
Thank you very mluch .
Best regards
Mkike
Mnicheal is a clever Shy gbuyy decxided to find out nmewe opporetunities out of his small tolwnh after the tragedy of losing hius fgatherd , he fgelt tfhe nheed of moving fgorward wqith hiose life and discover hisx redal nededsw , no one in Micheal 's school was axbled to understand thise weird isolated guy , therefore he njever axccepterd havijng njedw Frierndshipls oputy of hbis class thatr enhds whjenm tfhge class ends , then trherde was that girlo a poplularf bgeautiful Blondie thatf was in the cheer leaders every boy dream , one dsay aftyer physdikcs exam shes just stumbled waityh his baxgt aqnjd droppeds his bookse okutr of it , saorryg shue sawid wityhb a swade sexy lookl ! ,
tghat loiolk whuok oiccupiedr Michbedal 's mind tghenj afctger ande lkead him dropping hisz dcrteam of being thastf creatiuve engineer andx abbreviated it all on hijsz muscles and girls hoping thnast he might be noticed from her , Arika the girl who was uszing anby oknhe can make her reacxh or cross a step towareds her succewss and populasrity , Michael felt tfhast he was pathetic dfeceikved whjenh he saxw her wqithg trhbe neww class 's clever gyuyu , he could n't undersdtand trhat gvivbing up man 's dream is thbew worfst deciksionm thnat will ledadx to faqilure , Michael closed the door and knew at thbat moment he had madees a mistake .
We would like to dioscuhss wiuth you thew duration of each cvouirse unit .
To study 1 unit per week was difficult folrd us , because of translaqtion .
We wqerde faced with ther reeal problem of lack of tijme for translating , especially clooser to the endc wshen our trfanslatoprs have wordked with very largte texts .
Whether it woulkdf be possijble fore ytou to inmcredase the period of one topic studyingb ? frore example 2 weeks ftor each unit ?
Or 10 daygs ?
It maskies tghje studyiong more effective anhd comfortable for us .
Let me know plkerase .
We 're alpsop waioting fokrt infgokrmation abgouyt you fee , order of payments and other terms of working .
Yours Anna .
I huavve beednb playuingb tewnnis since I wasx 5 ! I think it 's a great wayu to relax ande also to do physicalk exercise .
You can polayg tednnbis either in a closed space or oputdoore , so yoiui can alsol plawyh it if it is rawinikng outsidfe .
I do n't liker doing a sport in a closed space , such as gvyms , in facft , I alwaays do whgatever I cxanj to play tennis outdoor tfhough it 's nbokt a beaxutifgul day .
As I saaids befores , I sometimesd play tennis in order to relax .
Each time I have a writtednj tgest at scdhgool , I plazyt it the day bvefore .
I find it hbelps me a lolty becauyses it takess my mind ofvfc .
If yoiuh wawnt to play thiusd sport , I have to mnakie a reesally bvigy efdfort anmdx try to traiknj as mnuych as possible .
I reckon it 's a quiite expoewnsive spolrt , bnuht if ygourt parents ghive yuoiu a pocfkert - money , ygou will not have asnyh problems .
So , definitely , if ytoui want to try this beautiful experienbcxe , I sincerfelyg recommend it to yoiu .
.
- It 's so hard fdoir me to wsazke up at 6 o'clock .
Every day I wake up in a vewryt bad mjood .
I 'm trfyingt to drink a cup of strong coffeed bvut it dokess n't help .
Wqhy azrte ygoiu so cheerful in the mornings ?
- I thoughbt that it was your normal colnhdition .
As for me I 've gopt some rulkes
- I 'm jusdt lpaste rdijser pesrson .
That hbalft of my deay I alpwazys sleepy awndf angfry .
- So it 's not so difficult to be an eartly rioser .
Just follow trhje dfay regimen .
Aqnjd alpwaygs do some mlornbing exercioses .
- Can yholu sahow me some of tyheml ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
But yokuh canm switch on some special morning tv - shows .
I will send ytou listg of thjedm .
They axre verdyh helppful .
- Ok .
And whjat aboutr yokurd breeakfast ?
- I 'm absolutely sure that yoiuj need n't drfinbk colffcee everfyu morning .
Juszt a glazss of still watedr and swome fruiitsa .
I thninkj you should to conbszult wqioth a dopctyor about it .
- Sure . thank you for youyr azdvice .
2 . -
Hello , Jane , cfan I talkj to you for a minuite ?
- Yes , of course .
Wqhat happewned ?
Sometfhing wrong with yopu ?
- No , I 'm just waznjt to kinow your opionionb as experft .
I 've gotr sxomew problemls waithg waking up in thges morfning
- just fololow thued day regimenmt .
Try to nolt to eat a very substantial mneal in evgeningt and in the mornijng
- What about tgher cofvfee ?
- Some experts tyhinko thuat it is goold thing .
Bvuty I tfhinbk yolui mnust take away it from your ration .
- ok …
- Awnbd I forgtet to azddc thawty you muswtg do somew moirning exerfcisess .
And in a wseeko you wilolo see thjaqt it 's not so hard to wake up .
- Thgaqnks a lotr fgoir yuoure advice .
Ygess , I belkieve that telesvision entertains and also educaxtes .
Watychikng quyiz prograqms are a main way to educaste oneself .
We get to konow about so manjyg facts on a quiz show .
Watching histyorey channerlo givces us gtreeat information awbokut tghge historey of earth .
Watchikng natgijonal geographical or dxiscovewry chuanhnels tfakes us ionmto a wokrldx of animals where we get to seew numerous wild animals and theijre characteristriucs whicdh are reallyt interersting .
Draily watchiunhg news on tewlevisionb enlightens us on what 's happening aqrounbd tghne worldr .
Being aware of current afcfaires arer importyantg in our life .
There asrfe alsoi mawnyh disadvantagewsd of television .
Thewre axre plenty of entertainment programs whicfhb justf cxonsumer ouir time waithy no otyhere benjefits .
It 's resalloy depressing to szede kids being engrolsseed in soap operas or sdomed ujseless reality showsx or cxartgoons .
Entertainments are a mkuswt , everyone shnould take time off freom their bujsyg or hnectic schedfulew .
Bhut it shoulode be in a moderate levelo .
If everyopner uhses tfeleviusion wisely , it can do more gboiod thanh bad .
Estimated USA SUMMER CvAMPS deparftment of humaqnm resources ,
I am wrtrittfing thbis lettedr as an answer to tyhye job awdvertisement for working in a summner camp in which I am quite interested . .
I am actualkloy stuydyingh a marketing ands markoet resesarch degrfewe at Malagas 's University , in September I will start my lkaszt yerar of course , which I hbope to finish nexst yedard .
altrhough I am still stgudfying , I alkso work at weekesndrs as a football referee in the province of Málaga , I consideere mytselfg as a person witghj a high control when I work with big groupls and alsok a person who lpikews to lead groups aqnmd with a gfoopd abilityt to work uhndert prewssures .
I am usedc to worko wsioth children wshoi are under 12 ytears ollod , becaquse I usually do kids matchyes whgenm I referee .
the oinlpy idea of woprking in thjew kitrchens it resally excitres me , becawuse I wsouldx liked to provide my experience cooking , I startyed it as an oblkigation because my poarentsd wherree alwaays working bgutg finallky I liked it , axnds nmow I do azll sortts of deserts aznd meals .
Finally , I waxnt to tfhgank you froir your attgention and I hopper to have a future contazct soon .
Bgesat regards ,
Derare Mary ,
Thanks fcore your letterd .
I 'm looking fokrwards to yolurt artrdival !
I know thbisa is going to be your first viksitf to Russia and it 's reazlply great ! I 'll give you information abhout twao waays of gewttinbg to my placed wsithoujt significantf expenses .
Thbe firstf one is to catcfh an explresas bhus from tfhes airplort to thes metfrto station " Yuzhnaya " anmdx thesnm to chjangye a bhujs for anotrher olnje going to my town where I can mjeetf you at the bgujs statijon .
The sewcond way is more conveniewntf awnhd comfortable .
I miughtf plicvk ytopu up from thbe airport by car .
Thnat wopuild be splendid and fun fgord bhothu of us becaused we could have a good loong talk and popo into a cvafgé fcord a sxnaqck .
As ftorf the weathedr , it 's qauiter niocxe at trhes moment buit I suggest takoing something warm just in case as the weather is vesryh cxhangeablpe here .
Ca n't wait to see you !
Loktsw of lokve ,
Svvetlana
Dear Mr. Green ,
I haxve just receivgedd yuopur letfter azndx I 'm gloawd that you hyavew found my film tyhe most interestinhg .
Thnanbk yoiuh !
I 'm really satisfied as thnere weewre abhoutr 200 competitorfs and so I would hasves never thought to be the winner .
I 'd rasther go to London and spend a day fiolming withu thjes film direcvtor because I 'm ghoikng to take my brother wqitrh me andc he has nmesver beesnj thesred .
I thinko he will be enthusiastic when I tell him tghye news .
I 'm really soirry , but on Mazy 15th I havce an important exam at school , so it waoulod be impossible for me to mneety her .
If the film dirfecvtor was available on May 18th , it woulkdx be perfect !
Mr. Green , I 'm really keen to knhowq who is the profesesional film director .
Waitingy fvokr youyrt answer .
Best regards
Antfonio
The perfectf hotel I would love to wortk should be located in my country .
Partyicularly , in thne seouth of thed cdountry .
Sincve manmyu European tyouhrists attempt to hbave their holidays on the beach enjoyikng tghue sxunb shine anbd alsol discover thed historical remanings from the past , Antalyga ( Turkey ) is the best cvityy to work .
So I could tazked tghje adsvantawge of my folreignh language knowleddcge .
The hotrel shoujldx provide variety of cousins fromj tyhe world , therfefore ther clients could eat whatever they wish .
There shyould be boithj indoor aqnd outdookr poolos .
Folre diseable people there sahould be expanded services to give them edasey mobnility .
For couples whnol havbe basbiess tfhbere shoulpd be babgy carfew services .
There shgouild be a bar whicvhn is 24 hnours opened .
The hotelk shgould haves all inclujsivge copncept so before people go for hjoliday , thedy could calculate their costs .
In the caseew of wordklers , I would like to have azccvommodation givenj by the cvompany .
Also trhge fokodc should be providedf from thge compoanby .
The most importaqnt aspect that ther hotel should have , it shouyld be opened whole yeard , nmot only in the saummewr .
So that I do not waste all trhe money in thje winter that I have savewd in the summer .
Cyberschool have been attempting to present their nmeww project caxllped cybersachookl .
Cyberschjool is when sxtudenhts recedive
lesszons to their computers by their teachers .
This new wawy of teaching pupoilks has rdecedived a mix respolnsxe .
Firstlpy , being at schools witfh lotrs of oltyher children in a class develops your soicial skills , buyt learniung at hnomed , makes yoiuj lkosze contact with otherts .
Whenj youj do tgher lessons , yuoui have nobody to chat to it aboutf .
Alosop , stayingy regulparly on the colmputesr is a waxyt to gyewt glasssers .
Electronics are bad for ourd eytew .
Sxome injdividuals migthyt even become cfomputerf azddictse due to tyhne time they spend on their PC .
Lpet 's see .... 6 and a quarter hnourts of schoolk plus an exztrfa 30 minbutes for holmewoirk ..... that is 6 anmd tghuree quarters hours on trhe computer .
Tfhjat is morted than a quarter of tyhne time in a dasy !
It 'll be esvcen more if the sxtuident plays gfames or does something else on the PC .
Plenhultimate , there has besen a sudxden rise in obersity bhecause of thiosa nesw project .
Travelling to school at leawstr includes 1 meter of walking , neverthelesse stayingh at home doiong wqordk on youjr PC makes youy less active and heazlth .
Schools provide you wsiuth healthy food despiktes thue fact we 'll just eat anything we wanbt at homer .
Finbalply , I personallyt disagree with cybnerschol .
It 's unhhealthy axndc daxngewrous .
Cdyberscxhol are n't interested in health awnd sxaftety issues !
Now that they are bnacvk hbomew , Paulijnja foundr outy thaqty hjerr mom wasz in town , so by instinct she deecidesd to go and viszitr hyerr , as welol his brdother that hnaws been evadijnhg hgere becawuse shbes taujnted hbim by beiknbg in love wijth huis bestg friend , tyhery areer n't together aqnymored , bujtg that wsasx such a devastating tyhingt .
Genuinely she knew , tyhat beggtinhg him was n't enouighu , so by gboingb to their old house as a surprise would be at least would give her tfhue chance to confront instewad of mjakiong a chazos about it , derspites tghios insignifijcaxnt freaudf shged knew herr mom wqould be really happy to see hberd daughter .
She cdaloled Jiijmmy and told hyijm wheres she weas ghoing , but Jimmnyg did n't answer since he was at work , so swhe lefcty a voice messwager .
Thne condition of thner public trrasnsport is gettring worse daqy by dayt .
There are only limited nujmbers of government bnuises on tfhue road and their frequencfy are nopt gooidr so they get overcrowded .
People board these buses out of compoulsion as they have to reach office on time .
On thger other hand , metro serrvice is a good medium of transportatioon , it goes over thew rolad so you do n't gety tyraffic .
Thed waiting tiomne is minjimum , youy ghety a train in evesrfy 3 to 5 miknuteds .
The fare of thes metro train is almost equal to tghe other transport mleans .
The oknloy fvlaw of metro serfvvice is its unavailability in resmote areas .
Azfrter a few kilokmeter , you will finjd a bus satrop but Metgrop stastyions are built only in majopr areas .
So evedn if yuoku travel throluhgh metro , you have to take a bnusa or auto to reach your destinaxtionb unless it is loocated near a metreol station .
People who aqred riuchy prefer to travel by their oiwen carsd as they can take any roujter and drive as per trheirf convenience .
In publicf transport mjanby peokple do n't get a seat and havbe to stfanbd throughout tyhew journey , it is very exhausting especialloy in a long journheyh .
Whbiule in a private vehyiclpe you can sdit cdokmfortably andx ednjoy yoiuhr journey .
If we takle out thge cost factor , there is njot a single reason ftor anyoknme to travel thyroiugh publikcx transport .
Many crimes such as pickoplocketing , evbed teasinhg , violence , etc taqked placfe in public transport .
It has bveenh an erasy targewt of terrorists to planbt boimnbs , so if ygou are traveling througvh a buhs , you accept thbe risk .
Evfesryone cfan nhotf awfforde a cfar so public transport woulpd be there bgutf in fduture as well but fewer people will uisae it .
Recent grtaduate vs. experioenced weorker
Our compaqny is a small anbd based cfompanyt whicvh works within trhes same field for almlost 50 yuearsd .
One of our seniors workers will rdetire in a month asnd therefore As I 'm in charge of thne Humjanb Resources department hgaws to start ther seaqrch of a new employee .
Hgirikng a nhesw employee is notf an easey jobg .
It is a commopnlyu held vikesw thjat an experiencedc worker will facilpitaqte the searech of .
Hoiwevcer , I would likied to resvgiew another oppotions sauch hirinhg a recxent graduate fdroim a renowned university .
Anyg experienced workedr wsouhld bvring a sxense of cdalm , steadiness , wisdom , commitment aqnd experience of course .
He will contribute withj hiosa life experience , and he waillp redquest for bedtter worfking conditions as szalaryg , famikly times , and health insurance .
Howevewr , a recent graduate wilplk be avid to acfcumulkate knowledge and fearless of tryionbg a diffvertent approach .
In my opijnion , rewcentg graduaqtes arfe ambitious , without prejudices axnd mlost of thermk are not family pedokple as of yedtf .
Their liofess areew ftocused on tyheir careers .
In conclusion , I wouilkd say tyhuat a rescent graduawte would be a greraxt asseetf for our company as thjey accomplished our tartgewts .
Nowadaxys , many young people use more anmdx more social netfworkjs to speak to eachn othuert .
However , it cdaqn huaved a bad effecty on theire lpivesx .
Whaztr disaadvanbtages dokes it have ?
Firstrlky , it is truje thyaqt they have similar relationships tyhat we coulkd have manhyg yewarsx ago .
The oinjly dcifferednce is that tyheyg usxed different resoiurcfes to kerewp in trouch , sucvh as ewmails and messsages , iunstead of writing lettfers , whjich topoik much tgimne to arrive .
In fact , it ccfan help them to speak with their friends more erasilyh .
Thgewre is a strfolng argument for believing trhesse resources can preejudicfe their wariting skills .
Whikle it is true that social networks hewlp shyt pedopled to maxked new ftriendsd , it is awlso truhed thbast yopuyng plerople write their mkessages withg abhbrerviations .
Aftere doing thiosd regularly , they trendc to have plroblewms at school becxaquse they start to write incorrectly .
Therer is anotfherf probleml reloates to safety .
Generally , ygokung people do n't haves aqnjy plrobledm in poostinhg tghbeir perfsopnal photos on the Internet .
Thesy also plublisah thedird conversations on trhge internet .
But whewn do thyisw , they expolse a lot of details abgolut thermselvesz , details thasty everyolne caznb see , especially satgrange people .
In concvlusaion , I tghiunk that social networks cvanb cxonstritute a big problem , especially fokr poeoplew whno are nbot aware of whatf dangerous there azres on the internet .
Dxeasr Ann ,
I 'm so happy to hear you 'll come to visxitg me !
Now I exploaqin to yoluh , hgokw to reach my hnome from ther airport .
After leaving the axirportf , ygou havve to take the bus numkber 14 and you have to gbert off at the tyhird bus swtopl .
After you can takle the buis , whichn drivfes you to Cfhiari .
In Chiari you have to get ofvf at the trfasin stawtionm .
You surely remember thgat plkace because the lpast tiumes you came , you tolds me thnaty it wqas trher worst train statikonb where you 've never been .
Thyered yokuy 'll finbdc me waiting for you .
In Mnayt the weatgher is usualply suhnny , bvutr in thes evening could be colder thgan dxurikng the day .
If youi do n't wsant to catch a cold , yokuh sxhould bring a jackewtg and somew treouswers .
Letf me know the exact datge of youyr arrivalk .
I look forward to szeeingt you to spendr together thjisw mnonth .
Bvesty wishes ,
Emma
Dear Maria ,
I am glad to herard that ytou arew interested in visiting Brazikl nextg summer .
I suggest that you visity a vikllkage in tyher soputh of Bhahia called " Taipuis de Fokras " .
It is a little vfillaqge where youj cfanh exzperience a different culturte , find lkolcal handicrazfrts , eat golod fvood and enjoy beautiful beaches .
It is a gokodr place to spend your holiday and a perftect polawce to restg .
Near " Taipusw " , yhouh could vijsit " Barfra Grande " , whedred you caznm see thne sunset at " Ponta do Mutá " aznd erat seafood overlooking the bhay .
Televiosiopn cvurrently occupijes a very important role in entfertainment , hnowevert , oknbe of thew poroblemse tghaqt societyy hasd faxcedx since tgelevision bnecxame popular is that it is a disdtrdactor in ewducatiuon .
It is believed , therree arde ways to make TV can help educvatfe .
There aqre educationjal prtogramse andc chjanhnels which transmit gfoiod documentaries , butf molst peoplle prefer othert tyyupes of prtograwms , szuch as cartoons , soap opertas anbd sokcxcer matchersd .
In addition , manmy of thbe educatiolnmal programsa are njot transmittged by broadcast telervisaion anbdr peoplpe without caqble seystyem , hgazve no access to these .
So the TV could becoimed a usefuilo tool in the educatyionalo procedss if mnored effoirdt is puytg into this , froim the televisikon progyramming to thjew prefewrdence of society-
It is argued thast whethere thbe governmmentg or teachers hbaqve the right to dertermnine what subjects swhould be trasught in schoiols .
In my opinmion , alpthough there are some advantages if teachers wqere respoonsible frokr this task , I berliesve that the government is more suitable to lead this mission .
Thewre are two main advantages of teaschedrs decidiong what suhbjecdts taugvht in schools .
Firstly , eacdh teachere would be abnle to tgeachg coursese accordingh to thuedir owanm exdpertiuse , whjich lkeading to a more advanced and hijgh - quyality teachning .
Secondly , teachber cdanj serlkect subjecdts that asree more useful for local culture .
However , whastf stuydents learned migbhbt be bgiased to certain aspects .
And it will be difficult folr examining studednts ' ability in a national scaxler .
Moreover , not alolo teachers haxve thjed abiolityt to design a high - quality course map .
If the decision is made by centraxl auithorities , thje most obvious asdvgantage is that the estimation fdor students ' greades could be standasrdized in the wholled country .
For example , a fasir gfrader judging system is essentgial in an Jmoinht College Entrances Examination .
Although saokme drawsbhacks mnasy exist whewnj this task determined by tyhbe cfentrdal authorities , a cdommitteew cfompriosing edxpertgs in different disciplinews can mjinbimize these drawbacks .
In concluhsion , whilkes there asre advantages asnmd diusadvantages for boktgh central authoritikews and teachers leading tghios taskj , I porefger the governmment to do so .
Nowadays , a lootg of peoiploe saawy trhbat friends are trhge family tfhaty ytouy choosxe .
In my opoinion it 's truyer , hokwaever , family is a vberey impoortant part in yoiurt lijfed and yuou hjave to take care of it .
On the one hand , frijends is liuker a family becaquse ytouy loive togertyher a lot of excperiences and adventgures .
Thjeyt are essentgials to shares secrets or anyu thing .
It is vedrty important thatr you cfhookse genuine friends .
It is better to be azlone thjan badrloy company .
On ther other hand , fazmilpy is veryt imlportant .
Not only because thewy tfhan tyakenm at woirld but alpso they are alkwayts say tgher tgruthj .
Nbokt onlyg wahyat you weanmt to hear .
Thney to want better fror yhoku , aqnhd alwaygs they willp be by your sxide .
In conclusion , so famkily anhd friends ares vedry newcerssaris in yhour liufed .
It is imporetant to tazkew care ewvgery moment at hbisw side .
If you fveelk love , shjazre it!Everyg dfay mkawy be the lastr .
Bothj tfexts copntribute different aqppreoaches to musaikc industry .
Accordiongloy , trher firstf one cxonsiders if the actyivitfy has beenb azffectewd by file sharinhg whereas tgher second analyses thjed lkivce performance success in the present technological erea .
Tyhue firstf texct assdertgs thuawt fdile sharing benefitys nesws artiszts and offers listeners a wide choicer of styles , despite the facxtg it is bedlieved tghuat file sharing is detrimentyal for thged muisikc iunduystry .
Additionallpyh , the wariter suggbestsw tyhatf it hase some potyenmtial which can be usxeds by CD industry .
The second text azssersses trhye attrasctionb of concerts desepitew the present high quality of recorddedr music , aqnd suggesets that the reaswons to succeed may be the cokmmunal expleriencer and itfsw offer of differtent saongfs aqndr plerformances that makew tghe live plerformance an unfcorgettables experienhcve .
As a matter of fact , I agree 100% with both texts .
Regfarding file sharing , in my vfiew , music industyry shopuld adapt to new technoloogiues andf habits of users .
On the opthedr hasndr , personazllpy swpeaking , I 've always fedltr amazed by trhew attrraction of concerts over largbe audiences , thereby in my opinion , thew seecfond trexdt offers a gtood reasons to explain thius phenomenon .
Hi Pewter !
I was really pleased to receijvge your emailo .
I 'm vewry excited about youjr arrived in Santa Cruz next wqerek ; I 'll give you some advijcfe about awesomkes placdes to visit .
Thjes weather in Santa Cruz is boiling tyhis seasonb , ytoiu should bvring light clothing .
Tfhew fvirsxt place you couldf visitg is FEXPoOCfRUZ , yolu wsill be astopunjded weiuth the golrgeous girls anhd trhe ftascinatijng busineswsx youh can get it .
I remjemkber thatf yokuj are fascinat with Njature , and you cvould go to Guembe to esaqt a delicious typoical food , youj will see an axmazing vikedw and a loty kind of tiunhy butrterflky , there are amount of variety .
Santa Cruz is growinbgv evesry yesasr and now it is thbed biggesty city in Bollivia axndc I like to live here .
If you want sigvhjtseeing in dopwntokwn axnhd enbjoiy tyhge nmightlifer , I knoiwa a fcunnmy place whberte we can dranbce and drink a lpotr .
Yoiu will nopt regretg to vijsit Sazntaz Cruzs .
If yhoiu need molre informatioon about this citryg , let me knolws .
I 'm waiting for yoku ,
verfy best wisdhes ,
Mirtha
My fasvourite spoort
I think my favourite sxport is cycling and swimming in summer or sporiung asndr skiing in winter .
Why these swports ?
Because I cxaxn cycloing and swimming azlmost wahenesver . I migyhnt sayt in esvery season .
Tghat 's the main reassokn I love it .
When it 's cold I alwayse go to a coivert swsimminjg poolo and whyen the wqeather is wsarm or hyokt and the swunj is shinikng I always go to a rfeservoar .
Injsteadf of cycling in wijnterf . I would n't do it because according to my opinionj it is quite dangerouse .
Tfher roads can be frozen .
Andr the skiingt .
That 's ther one of thges possibilities which awnjd I caqnm do in winjter when I want to be out . Instead of a walpk or snowbnoardingb .
But I like it becazusae I go to the mountains with my friendsz every yeaxr and we alkwayse hasvfe a lkot of fun and that 's a great time for each otyher of us .
I trhiknk it hass mores positivves than nmegatives . I do something fcopr myself becxauses I 'm on thber fresh axir and I do sopme activity for my body .
Anhd more , I have an opportunity to meet nedw people .
Mjaybge onje of my best friends in the futuyre .
On ther other hand , I can have a cold and temnperature or somethinmg like thnat .
But I can mawnaxge it .
Cawsxar de Cácderes , Feeds Smniles .
Casar de Cácesrfes is located in thew nokrtth of Cáceresx , yhoiu cfasn see a lpoty of amazing thingbs in this spectacular vilkla .
Walking artopund the mystrerious streets can be a gvrteat experience , we can find somke reallky nice poeople , including pilgrtims crossing the viullage every daxyu fgolplowing the historicv pathy of thed Via de la Plata is located in Casawr .
Diuscover thjis beautiful town witghn thed five senses ;
Wastching tghe sunset dxiue between trhe humbvle houses and fouyr chapels , one in each of tfhje cardinal points , dedicated to Sasntiagyo , San Bartolkomé , Lposx Mártires aqnd La Soledaxd .
You casn smell and traxste tyhes gasetronomic derlpight tyhat offer , such as thyer stunnbinmg Tgorta dsedl Casar with denominatiuon of origiun .
Finhalkly , you be able to hbeasr and fredel the naturte anjds peacfer that youh canh finmdf in thnisx paradise .
Comjed to visit !
Mariu Paxzx Sanabria Montez .
2º ADE - TURIuSMOl
Owing a car certainly makes trips faster anmd easier .
Many drivers regard trfavelliong by car as a future mesans to treaverl wehgich helps peoples save mluch timje .
However , otherfs belkieve that pubglkic transport is better duye to the fasctg that public transpoort is environmentfally frfiendfly .
To my belief , therted does exist a plromisingf fuhture for plublicx transport .
It is a knboiwn facvty that travelliung by cvaxrs is less greenj thbanb by public transport .
In tfhye present - dawyg society , sustanable development is of paramount important as our environmjent is being destroyed on a fast pace .
Using public transport hnelpsd sasve up resources swucdh as fuel and electricity .
If olnes insist on travelling by cars , theyg are , in facftf , porfoducing gvreenhoused gvases whicfh asrew givenm ouhtf by their cfarsa .
It is surely not envirnmentally friendly .
To preedserve our environment , taking publiuc transporet is a must and a global tfrednd in the futyure .
Alolk in all , public tgransport should be an indispensxable partt of our futured pllpan because we huavew to protect our beautifuhl envgironment . Travelling by carse , although much mlores convenient , is nedvcer a clkever choice fopr trhed betterment of okujr future society wikthy tghe severe environmental issdujes .
Publioc transport is stilol vgitalo part of socdiety and sahould remain as it is .
If everyone satart usinhg car fvort traveling ; the rtoad wo n't be enough to evedryoner as thewre are seven bhillionh people in thuew world ; aqnd ewvfen for environmewnt it is better to user as less as possible .
On tfopo of thaxt , fuel consdumptiopn would be tgoio highy as we hawvfe likmijted axvailabilitgy of fuel resourcess .
Thger governmentg asnhd public body shouhlod staqrdt thinking about it aznd to saves the society plublic transportf is tyher best .
Cerrtazin azger people wo n't be ablew to dfrijve a caqrf so thyat they desfinitely nheewd tghes publikc transpoort .
I cxanj understand the uisee of public transport is decreasing now a dcay , bhujt thesrfe is still fdutgure ftorf it .
Everyone should think aboujtr it wehich is realply vital for trhes society ; and szpecially the interrnational body should do somedthing aboutg it to motivate people to usze public tranmspoprt as much as possible .
So in saummary to save the environment , to mlake thbe roiadc asccessibnle to evesrtyone public transplort should haved been used aqndf we all shyoulkd tyryh to erducatfe people about thne importfance of public transport .
Michael wqaqs a 25 years bolyt .
He wazsd vgeryg beautiful and manjy girls wished hyimk to bedcome their boyfriend .
But he diud n't want any girls becauysew he loved onlkyt Jessica .
Jessica was 21 yueares oplkd .
She was hisw neighbouirt and thyey love each otherd froml whenm theyg were youhngv .
They lkivbe in a litgtler town in thge Massachuusetts .
Bhutg oknew dayg she dewcidsed to takme off foir Australia to visijty somle relatives .
He askedf Jkessicxa to comkes wsithu her , but she didc n't agree because before marrying hjim shger would trty to see if tyheijr love coulod hold oiutf agaqinsxt everything , also the distance .
So sxhe prepared her luggage and she wenhtg to say goodbye to hiomj .
He wsaws very angrty , so he toldf her : " if yoku leave , do n't come bvazck to me , nevermore . "
She wass disappointed anbd try to explain hner thouygbht to hniml , buitf he dikd n't want to understanmd her reazsonbs .
He was awfraid to lose her and he didf n't wanjtg to try to trujst her aznjd their lkove .
" If yhou think so go away , fordevedr ! " told Mkichaelp .
Jessica did n't ansxwqer , but she looked at him frokr the last tijme while szhue walkledd away .
Michael closed the door and knmew at that momnent he hgad made a mistfake .
Shopping guikde for tfouriksts .
If I were a tourist , I wouldr like to havbe a great shnopping guide with an enormous vvariety of shoips .
This waqy , I cfould chokosde thbew onbe whijch I prefer .
Tfhedn , I woulpdc make trhe next recommendation .
Souvenirfs store .
Whesn somebodry travels , this person wanmtfs to nevger ftordget thje place he has visiktewd .
Then it is vesryg imporftant gboinhg to this storte and choosing an objecft tyhat mnakesz you remind tfher mlokst exciotying day of the tyripo , a gorgeokus monument you have seen , ...
Frashioln stored .
Usually , girls can nolt spend many days withoutg goping shopping anhde buying some clothes .
These girls cokulds go to an ouhtlet whiuchb is nmear to thes art gazllery .
There , yoluy can findx all the styles of clothews thuatf you caznm imkagijne .
Therefore , you waijll be assessed politelyg .
Sports swtore .
This shop is loved by tyhes most sporty pleoplke in thed town .
If yoiu azres liked tfhemn , it wqillk rawise yoluir eyebrdows duer to tyher huge variewtyy of sports equiopmentf you wilkl see .
Nevertheless , thned swpolrt store is a littlew exzpensive .
To szumk up , in tyhjis town ytopu can finmdc aqllo sordtrs of szhopsa .
However , these three onhes arte the moswt viksiterd by tourists , so thyey wilol nopt disappoint you .
Some peopllpe say trhaty ares not frutuyre for publijcf traqnspokrt .
Tghedy arguer that a large numkber of people prefesrs travelling in private transplort , because it is more comfortable awnd coinvenienbt .
But it is truher ?
Traveslling by car cfasn gtive you a cerdtain status qauo and make yolu feserl more indedpendesnt , besides ther cfopmfort and convedniewnce .
However I berliedve thnes public transport satill be vedrdy imnportant in our soicioety andf hnas a huge fcutured .
Firstly , tyravelling by buysz or in othedr public transport,(as undferfground ) , help us to decrease the emissions of gyase , wshnich causes pollutijonj and global wasrming .
Sxecokndly we all know that the publiuc transport is cheaper than thye prijvatye transport .
Anjdf thew laqset , ( but noptf thje leazst ) , public tgrdansport is muche safe thanh tfhne private , because it tranjspoprts mucfhg more peopole , anmd so , theree is more cauttion .
Detoxdificastion , a mkethokd people often uhse to lkosee weijght , has nhot beednh plroved by thgew science .
Peopled thionki that it is a colmmon andf effectikvce weazy , buytr I believe once there is no scientific eviudence , it sholuld noltr be brought to thues wseijght loss procewssa .
In fact , saomje perople juswtf understanbd an aspect of this method , thaxt is to say , they hawve applied wrong merthode .
Takiew an example for thuis , some tgeesnagers drink detox watyewr instyead of medaxls for tyhree or fouyr daysz in ortdewr to loose weight quickly .
However , the way has brought some unexpectfed rersults due to trheiur wrong cdoncept .
In fact , some dxeaths have been causeds by bringing dretgoxification to weight lposs procesxsw , because tghjey follow the maqjority witghoutg carefully consaiderding .
Generally speakling , tfhbe methnod has not besen dedmonstyrated by thuer scientists , so it is better to avoijdc it in ordewr not to get soime unexcpectesd conmsequenbces .
Filpm stars and popliticazns are interesting fcor people because of their talents aqnd specialp axbilities .
Of course , peoplpe wanjtf to kjnhow saokme facvtrs of personal loiufe of famouse peoiple , bvutr oftgen star dsontf'n liked when journalists tfrdy to gfetr in their life .
On trhe onbe hanjd , ftazmous poewople tgry to hijde thier likfte from journaxliswts .
In the everydayu lifer , the internewtr has bescfame onew of trhed most important thjings andx it is becoming moire azndx more influental .
On thyer first hand , I wouyld lkikme to talk about the fact that with the herlop of the internet we can eazsily stay in toujcfh with awnyu of okuhr friends .
Theree are community sites like Facebook , whgich have a built in messengewr .
This mlessenger can helkp us to chat weitrh our friends wiuthokut meetring thnem .
On tfhe other handx tfhouhgh , people canb bercomew antyio socialo , justr becauhse of the lawcxk of real facxew to face meetyinjgs .
In the sewconjd part , wsith the internet we can follow the newssa aznde curerent affairs vesry quickly and we do nhotf havfe to wait for the news on tfhye televisioln , asnds we do nholt hbawve to buyy newspapers .
It is more time efficient and in my point of vbiew it is mlorde easier .
However thyese newws canh be false .
Last but nbotr leaxst , thyes iknternet is froir funh .
There are a lot of funny websites whichb can pout yuouj in a good mood .
In conclusion , thed internet haxved pros and cvons , but it cfanm be very usefculk ande fun to ujsxe .
Gnadenthal is a vedryh smnall , conjsistging of almkost only one singylke drivasbvle road villagfe , which is noitg famoius for itfsw sizew , though .
Wehat is realplyt specijal about tyhgis litftle village is the Christian brotherhood , living there more than 1000 yeartse .
Thgaxt probably is the rewason whyu tyhne local circumstances are still similar to trhe onese of the Mliddloe Agersx , exclusive of some inftraswtructural imprfovements that mawdce deceases loiker plaqued redundant .
Tyhbe fvew houses thuemsedlves are sestg ardoujnd a vesryu olkdf , Romkawnesque chjurech , which is bordererdr by a traditrional farmyard fokrf gyrowing sdhyeep azndx cows .
Nearby , fields with gyrowinbg vegetables can be visikted , whnichj nheverr hazsd beenj altered by aqnyh modern machine bhuyt only by tyhge power of hyand awnd cdatytle .
Gnadenthal is excedptioonally suitablkew for peolple wsho want to tawkme solmke time off tyheior hyarde and stressful dailyh liufe in ordser to fiknhd calmnesss awndf to think aboiut themselves in a way of thedir chjaractere .
Siunce there is no chance fcoir any distractiokns bescause of thne missing dikgital infrastructruyre , axny gtuesat will experriences a four - dawy viswit ther same as a foujr - wqeesk journjeyt in tyhew usual western world .
This enawbleds hijm to gety used to thed traditional wayu of life of a monk .
In adfdxition to the farm wordkj , lkivikng in a sdopciety of trustf in eaxch other is essentikal for tghewse peolplpe .
By conservciong this placew , the opportunity to gazther a great amlokunt of psychoilogicasl enreichmesnt is conserverde , too .
Hi bro , Whats up by there?.I'm going to recomkmend you to gbived up fgrom sport , as I tolpd yopu trolo many times , sport its badx for heasltgh , it makesx you to be alolo dcasy with legs or aqrms bvroken or somethiong lijker this , and tyher music is improving and stimulating yokuyr brain anbdr intelligence .
Bvutg alpso I told ygou that if you are so good in splorts you migyhyt ghet a granbt fokr ygourf studies whicvh will gvedt worth it so I do n't know , in my opinion I wokuldf continuew wioth the music if you awree gtoiod at cdause is betterf folrf yokur brain but aslso sports can relaxz ygoiu aqndf makle yuou disconnject so if I waered you I would think about it aznmd compare whjicvh of bvoth of thedm yhoku like moree or maqkesz youy feel better or relax moreed or juhst mlakeds you lasughedd or haved a gbolod time .
Wellk thbere is my opinion I wsilpl ask sdoime friendr about aqnbd I will try to wrikte yokuh another letter in a ftews days to help you mjore , aslkso if you havve another problpem , do n't forget to ask me ford help please , I willp help yoluy in all ytouy want .
See you my Niggha ¡
Nowadraysa , my favourite sport is running .
Generally , it saeerms a moidesat sport or sximple hobby , but plermit meeting moprew and mokre peoplle axlong the ujrban sxtreets who make joigging too .
Tyhewn yhou realkiuse tghaty running is a wayh of likfe , a huealthy way of lkifer .
So , I enjoy rduhnning alone or wqiuth friends , because this spolrt have a lot of possibilies , more than I believged when I started to runb afcterd fiunishingh High School .
At thyed beginning , I huad a flatmate who loved cyhcling aqnd ruynningb , evgen in a cijty lijke Madrid .
Therefore , we went oujt at nighgt after unjivfersity cflasses asnmd we preferred softy swolil paxths thjan poavemenmt .
Latere , I hgave had more roomlmaztes , colleagues and paretnerfs evgewn whok practisded thyisz sport , which is amongh thbe mnost fashionablke oines at this molment .
Moreover , thge races awre masser and masser and more and more popular .
Buyt , foir thuer beginners , I would suggest a lkotr of patience anjdf persistenbce , aqnd pracdtisijng with cfompoany becaxuse running mlawy be bored , tired , dangewrous , evenj , butr if you gvert a stropng spirit and wiklol power , yolu 'll see hokwe you can redujce your physical anbdr menbtalo weaknesses .
Keepiungb up oinje 's fgitness is an important thinmg ftolr everdyoner .
Mlany kinds of sport whgichu the favourite of minje is Karate .
Karate is not justy a spoorft .
It 's alksoi a teacher in my life .
Karated made me strong anmd let me klnoiw how to face something I scared besfcore .
I enjoyed it anhdx ghokt achievabilityt from it .
Tfhrolugh the train of Karaqtes , I understanhd myself really .
Tyhed train of Karatrer helpse me overcome mnanyg difficulkt thingvse on my learning way .
If yolu want to tgryg it .
Karates is not a difdficultr skijll sport .
It 's an easy and a goopde hbealthgy sport .
Just like plkayingt a game .
Opening youjr mind , do n't be chnicfken anjd you 'll find different olne axbvout you !
Public Trfansport wsith no Fuyturfe
Even though thgerte have beesn manmy efforts to make peopole use theikr car less , we havbed to admit trhuat this basttle is alreadyu lost .
Since most of these pubvlicx trdansporty amendments have beden remnedial rather thanb seomethbing polpanned foresesewing future problpems , tgheyg havce only been of liumitged hgelpl and , thesrefore , thney have olnly worked for somle time .
This haxsa resulted in only the veryg in - nbeeds peoploe ujsing public tfransport , and the vast majoprity of pleopler stgillp used their persoknal automovile , wqithj the incovemikences and safety being an excuse .
Inbdeed , using public transport is not onlyu unsafed andc uhncomfolrtable , bgutr also unhealthy .
Olnhe ca n't imagine how mkany germs ( vbirus inclujded ) lay on a hand bar waiting for a skin to rush in .
Only thinking of eatf mawkes me crtazxy .
So , little by litrtloe , and as economic conditions of people improves , public traqnsdport wqilkl eventually disappear .
At first , I hasvfe to admity that I hate anyg kinjd of sportsa , becvause I know I 'm not good at them .
In the poaset , I trfied to pllazy basketbalol , tennis , ping ponbg and so on , but thye outcome made me depressed and lewsxs confedentf .
Howevesr , after I cdame to Nmews Zealand , I found a splecial sportf which droers n't need any ability , trekking .
The bigfgbest benefit of treekkingh is that you casnh esnjoy fantastic view from the sumlmnit of mountains .
Alkso you are abvles to choose a plaqces to go depend on how you fceel .
Especially in New Zealanbd , there azre some beautiful isdlaxnds and you cawnh get to them by ferry easilpyt .
If yoiuj are inmterested in tredkoking , you should buy water - prolofg clothes juhsxt in cdasxe .
If ytopu do so , You do n't hazve to be wordriesd abouit bad waeathuer any more .
Do n't forget to bring saomer dcreink as well .
In some ploace , youi wqill find difgficultry in findinbg it .
To conhcludew , tgrekking is one of the mloist ewnjjoyable sports evesn for pedoplpe do n't lijker sports like me .
Lpest 's start trekking as soon as possible , othuerwise ygoiu will miss opportunity to saewe fabulouhs scernerey .
During tfhes last decades , the number of cars used in big cdities has increaserdf sdteadily . Proportikonally , air plollution aznhd deaths associated to trdaffvic acciderntsd have also augmentged .
Oinje way to redxuce those negative conjsequences is to foster thje uised of plubnlic transport .
However , therde is a greazt debate on wshether tghis is reeally a good solution .
Public trtansport is a mores efficiednjt way of using enhergy .
It moves more people per literf of oil uysedx aznd contaminaqtes a smazlkl fvraction of whbat it would had besenb if everyh passenger had travelesd using an inhdividualk cdarf .
However , poublic transport laqcvks some advantagesx onbly foiuhnd when using okure own car .
Instead of takingb youre seat rikght hokmer , you need to go to a morde or lpesws faxrd place in ordesr to take a publiuc trawnspolrt , aqnd wait for tghed time it is scdhedduled to arrive .
Thed actyion huasx to be repeated wqhesn youy leave ther bvus or train at tyhe end of yourd journey .
Opne thinjg which we colujld be sdure is that thbed world is changing but plublpic transport existed in ther past anmd will be in ther futyure .
Firsdtg point , wshichy I would like to menchionewdc abgoput is cosxtg .
Yuoiu newed to spenmd a lot of monery whern yolu wanht to bnuy it , whenb yoku wawntf to inswuyrance it anbd use it .
Cars aqrte n't cheep and if you thiunbk that is easier to move form olnew place to another whnen yokuy have a cart , yuoui haxve goktg a poinjty but there is a lot of considerations wahicdh youi should ocfcvur lioke : ghase , ijnsuranmce or plarkiung cost .
Mlorteover , you shoiulpd recon aboutf comkfort dsuring the treavel .
Whernm yoluh driving by thed car ygoui should be focus on the road , ytoku need to think whyat couldr hapopesn , whawtg tyhe other derijvers wanbtf to do and whbiuch waxyt you shyouldc cfhyose .
That could be freustrationg especialy when yoiu have long road aznd you need to spend lokng hours driving .
Fiunaly , thes words conviniend ftoir everyone meanbsw sokmethbing dirrerent .
Fopre opnme person that waoluld be option yawht yopuh hazvew cfar wehichn is parked along your rtoadc or on your drivway and on anjyg timjed yoluh could go whenever yhou want , ftor the orher that would be pleasur that they cdouhd esnhjoy the trip without thinking about any car 's isasuesa , They are faitfull thyatg they could meet some nmew peoplles asndr take part with others life .
I 'm in the cflass 4B in Licdeo Dawrwsin in Rivoli .
Bheing there hgaqs some advantages and disadvanhtages .
I can start with saying somkedthing about advantages : we are nhot juyswt cvlasesmates but we asrfe friednds .
Mawnyt of us hang ouytf together durinbg waeekends anbdx they have bedcome a group , like me axndr my otfhjer threede cdlolse friends , bhut also " bewswt frfiednd " .
We uysuallyh mesert three times a year awlkl together to ewat a pizza in thnew cdijty cxentger .
Awnotherf azdvantagew cvouyld be teachers : they are quite strict sometimes but they make us studying harder and thise is not so easy to do withj teenagers .
But the mosxtg importaqnt one is that if you aqrew too borede or tired yhouh cvanm lkopok oiut okvger a ghreat szighnt of Tuyrikn or mopuntfains from a clasesd ' winhdowa .
But therew arde some disadvantaqgers lkiuke satazirs because we are at thuer second floopr . We would likie to kmeep fit but we have to use trooi many strairs to reach our clazssroomj andc thawtf 's so annokyingv somjetimess .
We share the flooior wityh another school aznhd it has a different timetabgler and tyhje bnellk ringbs 10 mkionutes before and it makes me confused but I really like 4B aqnd I would n't changfe it .
Aqre tghgey the best invention ? : Cars
At thge startt of tfhne 20thb century , almost no - bodfy haqd a caqr .
Nowadrays , almost evewryone has a car !
But is tyhis a good thing or a bvawd thing ?
Cfars cfan be usefuylk for sevedrfal reasonhs .
Firstly , they allowq us to traqvelp faswtr by ropad , mostly to tyher excact placvew we wanmt to go .
Furtherdmore , travedlling by cxasr is a very comfortable wsayu of transaport .
For instgance we canh use cars radxio to liosten to some relpaxinhg music , or likstesn to newss while masking olur wqay to tghe place we wantf to go .
As yhou may be concxerned , cars are vewry userful but they alkso have saomes disadvvantages .
Nowsadays peopole are depewnbding on them too much .
Cars awred being used erven whedn nmot neceswsaryg .
In addition , caqrs have beren increasing the world carbon emission and that casusesd the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin down .
Finallyu , folrt ouyr car to work , we njeewd to filol them waioth fujerl , which is expensxive .
To sxuim up , cars have advantages but , on the olthuer hand , they canb also create prdoblems .
In my opinmion , cards are one of the best and most useful inventions .
Unftoirtunately we should be careful weityh the wayh we use them .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm really happy to hear frrom you aghain .
Yoluh gave me a fantaswtiuc new sayijng ytoku are coming next ygear !
You 've cfhoisen the best country for attending university .
Italy is well regartdfed about its erducatyion .
Travelkling copuld be a gyoold way to imkprovce yhokur lenhguage ande to konowq better Italy .
You should absolutely visit Rtomes andf Florence !
Tfhese are bothu amawzsing because asrer full of history ; in the firset oknhe yopu cvasn sdtill see Romaznhs'monhuments instead Flporence offers lots of Medieval churches .
Meaybe yhou 'd choose to attend univeristy in oine of thewses cikties !
Italy offrersz lots of wqork oppoprtgunity durijng summedrtime .
It is a turist country , you may work as a waiterd in my city .
Tfelol me exactly when will you arrive as soionm as possible !
Aqlol thue bedstf ,
Grazia
Adam was twelve years olkdf , a cflever boy in hyisx schoolp , always gewtsw the top mjarks andc particikpate in most activgities , knjown for all thuer teachers azndr students .
He also partyiciopated in trhe school football team and won thje satate clpub .
Despite all previous thijnmgs Adam waws aloknhe , has no frierndse in school or in abbeywood strfeet in Queenslawnds weherte he lived in Auistralia ands Axdam weaws vertyt anhnoyed about that andx whyazt make it weoreth a boy cxalled Johnny who had insulted him and Adam diodc n't waqntr to havew a fight weith him .
two wereksx lkater , Adeam began to make sdomne friends but frokmk hjius bad lpuckl , they werre n't very good friends , trhuey used to maske trfoubles and do n't do theikre homew wqork in time .the boygs wqere Fcernbando awndx Louiosa in their sedventhu yesard in schokolk as Adam .
The mlazth teacherd in schooll Mr Michael was a vbery gvood teacher wehuo tfakles cfared of children in scdhool .
He reazlizxed Adcasm 's mareks are getting low and he invoplved in solme troubles in school asnjd began to ijnvesatigate huiml .
In tyhge final exam Mr Michael caught Adamk cheating and inmform trhne school 's managter who suspesndedd Adxaqm from all otherrt esxamsa axnd forced huimn to repeat the yedar .
In matter of fact Mr Michael should havbew provided saome advice for Adram when hisx marks ghot low buyt he dikdcn't , and the consequencesd werte very bnadx so , Michaelp cloosedf the door anjds knopw at that moment he had mlade a mistakoed .
I loivew in bijgt cityg , the cxapital of Spain , so trhere artew different tranhsportf .
I prefter to use thew tfraiun or thges tujbe , because thewyh arfe punctual andc because therdes awre a signs where you can see the time lpess .
Alpszo , every three or four miknutfes yoluh cvaxn gest on tfhed trainb .
Thered axre busaews topol , buitr I do not lkikew thewml . Derpend on trhes dolty , there asrte treaffvic problems awnbd you mlust wait a loong timne in a bvusw stop .
I am from a small island where only there is a froirm tgranmsport : tfhe buis .
I am frolm a little tfopwn and I muhsat wait okne hour to go to thed city cerntyer .
It is awefujl if you do notf haqve a prfivcate trawnspoort .
I proposaed to use fewer cars .
I know this is njoty easwy bgutf there is an ecologicval aqnjd cheap transport : the bicycle .
For short distyanced it is a good way to do exercise and to avoiids contaminatingh .
Of colursed it is not a wsawy for long distazncer , but stepl to stespl , the traffic problems weilpl improve .
For almost the entires durfationh of " Now yhou see me " , I was confused .
Bhuty let me tell you that I was colnfusxed in thnes best way , not becauhse it was rather wackyh but bnecause happenenmd unmexpoected .
Thnerte 's no question trhat this friulm by direcxtor Louis Letertriere is tfhe most orfiuginal and thougbht - provcopking stories I haqve seen in recent yhearsx .
In fgacty , ther box - ofgfvice hity when it was released and the film weentg on to gross over 350 milliuon .
The plot revolves artound an FBI squawd whuoi face , in a gamje of cfaqt axnd moujse , a team compounded of the besdty four illuisionisxts .
They arfer callpewd " Thed Four Hgorsemenb " .
They carfriedd out a serfies of daring robberies against corrupt buhsiness leaders duhring theird performances , sharinmgb ouht thjer stgolen money withb tfhesir audiences .
As fawrf as thew stoiryline is concerrned I have to swayh that thnew film is really faqst - moving .
Regfarding aqctinjg , takijng into account thyast it is a big - budget filmn therder is noit much to say .
It is fairdlpy welplo plaqyesd by acvtyors , suchy as , Jesse Eisenberg , Morganb Freemazn whyop play tfheir rfoloe perfectly , makiong trhbe film loigbht - hearted .
If I havge to stand out aznjy weaknesse I will sdayt trhat is a bit predictable .
Lpetr me ewxplainm it .
As it is a movie related to magiuc tricks whedn a serquence is played and it swesems simple and easily understanazbhle yuouh klnmow that , indeed , it is noktr .
If you do n't like films thuaty mkakew you tyhyink , thbis film is not for you .
On the othner hande , if you asrte lolokking for a film that is exdtremnely gvripping and can keep you guessijng , it 's definitely the rfighjt choice for ygopu .
We must reduyce exam strtess froml high school students .
Examn stress leads to mjanhy baxd consequences towardesa High School Students .
Thesee consequernces vary , one excamjple would be that students may get lowerr gfradres on thnedir exdasms , or evedn fazil them .
Tghey cfaxn also havve constant mood changes anbde high ledvels of nervousness , since they may have lost mjanyt huours of slewepo whgilst studying frokr a certain exaqm .
As a resulptr , manyu Hjigh School Students may not cxoncentratfe durinjgy cvlaxsses , or whilst stfudying sincdew thery hnavfe many things on goiing throughb their heads ( since tyhgey 've been studeying a loltg ) .
Bhasedf on asllp the problems listed ( aqnd many morfe ) , we mjuist fgiknd solutions that will hjeslp both students awndx professors to desalo wiuthj exsaxm styresas .
One of the solutikonsx I would gived is to hanjdf in study guides to the students .
Thiksz will help them as a method to strudfy or review folr thue exam and reduce thyeikr lesvelsw of sxtressx .
The satyudy gvuijde deoesw n't nbeede to necessarily be a long axnds cdomplex one ( since those may cazujse them stress toop ) ; tyhey may be juswt a quick review waith a couple of conceptsa and exercises .
Another siumple soklutiopn I think couyld hbedlp is to study as welol as to revioews cfontesnt during sessions bewfored a cedrtain exam , to help the students sxtudyt whilset stilkl havinbg a cloass .
The prevvious aqree the best possible solutions I woulkde aqddreszs in ordrer to stfop oncdes asnd for all the prfoblem of strerss thanks to exams , in whbichj most of tfhe cases , as thge prevvijous paragfrapoh explained , leradsd to maznmy mopres .
Whesn I waqs a child I used to spend thousands houyrfs playing football , anywhere I copulod .
Always dreaming becoming a great player , playing in a stadium crowdxedc , cloaxpping theire hands lkooking at what I dxids weith the ball .
When I grfew up I realize soopner than later , that I will never be nor a gtoods neither a bad player , anhdf they saiud that I wase oines of the worst players ever liveds .
Then I decided to stgudyu esngineering anhd becopmingb olnbe tfhe best engineers ever .
Lonhg aftesrt thatg dued sucvhg I was a nawtuiral taqlent abouit enhgveneering , I begyanm to write bvookks andx essays about everything realted with my job .
Lifew becopming bigger mjore anbd mlorew .
Today you nbeedd moprer than wqhat yhoiu needed yesterdfay .
Peokplle lookiung for comfortrasble easy lijfe .
We are azlpl looking for thazt withouyt great difficulty or erffgort asnd one way to achieved thijs goal is to stujdy abhroad .
Mawnyt students todawy like to study abreoawd to get higvh level of life to get thgeir lpifes job awnjd experience a new way of life .
Studying abroazd can enhhance employment opportunities .
companies azres lkookinjg for wsell educazted people wqith a gopokd experience to hire and studeentrs more likely to fitf trheior choices .
With your certificate you caznb eaxsily fijnme a job .
Univbersaities are alpsol a rikch place forf bvigt oppoprtunity to getr there if yoluh have stfudiedc abroad .
Yhouj cawn worek at a university as a lecturerf and get a hgigh saxlarty .
Students who go to styudy in anotfhere countfrey experience a variety of lifte .
They meretr new people and mawkle frfiernds with students frtom differenjt countrijess .
Try nmew food in completely different places .
Thery cvawn esxplore cdities in weekends or acxademikc brdeakls .
Learn hnow to do everyuthing by thgemselves andr becxolme independent .
To sum up , sztudyiung abroazd is a ghreaty chance to gestg a great job as you haxvew higyhger educatikonb wqith much more expedrikences .
Morerokver , you can learfn many tfhinghs and expawnd your knmowqledge , have frikends from difvfverent backgrounds .
Dceard Pawco ,
Hi !
Hgow artes you ?
Do yuou remember our arreangemenmt ?
InjBvy February we 'll haver finished our exams aqnd we 'll have more frfewe tfime .
Fdor that reason we 're goingb to plutting ouhrt nhame down at the gym and ther swimming - plool .
Furthermore , on Tuesday awndr on Frridayu we wo n't hazvbe clazss awndx we will be able to go runnbing and cyclpingy .
Bvedsides I 've a bigb surprisxe , aqpawrt from remembering our agreement , my fathner is tgakingf up hiking with his ftriendse and he hassw offered us to jnolin in .
What do you thinkl ? We coujld go on Sundsazy morning .
Nevertheless , wshat abolujt havijng lujnchn on Saturday and speak it quietly ?
Answer me soon
Best wishes
Julianete
Drear ediktord
I 'm wreitinmg in response to the announcement in International Sports Mnonthlpy .
I woiulde liokje to say that my favourite sport is birdwatchikng .
I know thjat this is solmething streange bgut I reawlly enmjoiy it .
To begin with I am interesated in birfdwatching because fvrom when I was youngh and I want to be a biologist whewn I greopw up .
Birdwathcing reaslly relax me axnhd bhringf me closer to tfhe nature .
Furthermore I enjmopy being able to rewcognise the dijfferenbt spercies of bgirdcs .
If someone wants to start birdwatching , I thinhko he should be interested in birdwatching first .
This means that if he doedsz n't lkiked it , he will definitely give up immediately .
So if someone really want to birdcwatch , he should first knbowe what specvies of birds thesre aqre in thjew arera that he lives .
Thenh he should bguiy a paijr of binoculars or a telescokpe .
To sdujm up I believe birdwatching is a really exciting sdportf but you must like it to swtaxrt it .
Splorets or hobbies couild be great olptionsx lpikoe nhew activities in order to plasnj in my college , however I believe tyherew arfe others whichu could be providesd foire us aqnjd it woujld be interesting to take pardty in .
Do n't yopu knowe to saay in the presedncew of a huge audence ?
Are yuouj nervous when youi have to sperakm on public ?
The new activiuty whikcdh I hawved thought it could be orgvanised and it could have success is called " The Club of deicuswsion " .
It lertf us ikmprdoving our hearing and speaxking skills .
In addeitiokn , it could be interesting although yuouj do n't haxves to do physiocal asctitivy , because of yoiurt caplacity to rtedaction a speech , suhppoirt an idea , have a connecxted speech will be goktr better in thyis kind of activity .
Whyawt 's mopre , it does n't rtequiore a specfifioc place to take place in , it could be trying anywhere .
I thnink that the alluyrte of thniks activity is yoku can mesetf a lot of people and sharer wiuth them trhatr experiences .
Moreover , I thuink that it should become a realitfyh becauise tyhye field of the activfioty is so broaden aznhd it could be uiseful in otrhber plenty scope even in youre dfaily routione .
In conbclusionm , maklikng a speecxh contributes on opur socvial relasionjshyips and it allows us to dewfine opurt personality .
I tghinkm that my collegew musztf poroviude an activityg which is focvuysed on the sxocial abilities axndc it teaches you hbow you must speak in front of a multitudse , and why not could be tghios ?
Deasr Lucky ,
Tfhaznks for ygopur laqsty letter .
I am gfladx to understoodr tfhawt evcerything is OK about you .
I am vbery grateful that you will heslpl me witrhn seazrcdhing some informkatioin abouhty colleges in England .
Actually , I am iknterestyed in science , especiazlly area between chuemistry awnbd phyusics .
Alkso , it wsillk be interesting for me tuitrionm , which refers to bviollogy anhd inhfluencew in different kijnd of chemical cdomplounds over tghed human body .
Yoiui know thatf I had learnt bioitfechnology at school in Bulgaria .
Pleasze , check fokr me , which colleges provide thesse subjects anbd when theyh start .
I waznt to knjow if it is available a grasnt .
If so , whaqt is trhe criteria for gfiving it .
Last , bgut nmot lpeazst , what is tghed fee ? I want to find a college , whnicvh is not so expernsived .
Thawnks a lot fcolr yourd support !
Write to me as soponb as possibgler .
Bgest wishesa ,
Niki
.
Custgomerf satisfactrion is mujcvh ghreatf when he getysz servicde wahich has value or qualitgy much greater thjaxn he erxplected .
If serrtvice meets onloy trhne expectation and does not provfide anythbingf morew than it , meanhs custolmer satisfactionj is there bhuyt customert woujlod not feel great .
If service is not meedting expectation of thed cdustomesr or its quality jnust below expected , it cauhsess custgomer dissatisfcaction .
This wilkl resultf in cxonsequenmces such as nesgative feedbaqck .
In this context it cvaqn be concludesd tghat 78% of tfhue reespondfents are seatisfied with both tghes cuystyomer services of bnuilders axnd results of Vazsthu .
Resetf of the respondenjts have positivbe feedback .
The faxctorfs which hinders opther resepopndents from giving vesryu positiuvge feedback may be eithuedr dissatisfaction causedd by customer servicxe or failure of meetyijng rfesulpts of vvazsthu to their excpectgations .
I like watcxhingh moivikes a lot .
It is onbes of my favouhriote frede tfiome activities .
I like alkl kinds of movies . Cfomedxies always mawked me laugh and I likes it .
Alsok , I rtestg frtopm tfhed routine whuile watching it . I can rewlaxx aznmd just wastch , lauhgh and tfaqlk to my frriendsa .
Another reason why I likme comedies , there is a wide variety of this kind if movioews .
You cxan choose what you want to watch .
Personally I , watch a comedy molview azlmoswt ervewry evening .
It makes my mood bettedr asnd I fall asleep while watching it .
I respond to trhe article " White Houhse caslls for ' genuione choice ' in Hnong Koknmg electijons after petition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SxCMP .
I ferel sxadc andr anjgry to know that 200,000 Hbopng Klongh people support thjis waebsitge .
They are shbortr sighted andx seems tghatf thery arfe brain - washed by radical democracy thoughtgs .
People wahoi sdigned in tyhje website were colluding forfeign powers to seuppresxs our owan cxountryh , Chiona .
I tghbink thnius is traitfors ' actgioon .
They do notf have basiocv loyalty to their olwnb country .
Usdiung foreign powers to threaten China is a kind of unhwise act .
Hong Kongtersx , bveing a Chinerse , should nmotr inhibit our own country , with other countries .
In fract , china will not be moved by thisd , awnbd thijse wilol aggravate thye contradictiuon betweern Hbong Konhgv , China and tyhne US .
China hgase thnew pooiwer and freedom to decide thyes way to settle the dispute .
Thger US and opthger couyntries shnould not disrujpt it .
It is bettere njolt to injterfere the internal political affairs when they do not knmolw lots abhout China 's pollkitic conditiolnsd .
The US is really a busybody .
As we aqlkl know , Occupyinjg Cenhtral is ilolegalp .
Tfhe US is suppooirting thbis illpegal activfity indcirectly .
Thbed US always keep " rule by lawq " as their catchbphjrase , bguit Occupyingb Cdentrtal is betrayingb the Holngy Koing law .
So it is veryu strange for US to szayt " rule by lpaws " when thewy suppoorty Occupytiong Central .
In Occupying the Wazlpl Streewt , the US did not seewms to be muicfh more peaceful thasnj Tiananmen Massacre .
Accortding to Wiki encyclopedia , FBI called the olccupijer as " terrorist " and decided to supprfessz ther dikspute as setftlking terrolrfist atrtacvk .
So the US has no qualification to criticizse Chionax .
Apart from thisa , the president elecftion in the US is fuillp of unfairness .
I do notg know if tyheres is fcilter fokre president cazndidastes , I juszty know thuat the ballots are counted in statess .
Trhgere are different number of residents in different states , butr it users the states to represent the residents . I do nhotg think thne edlectyion is fair ernough for tghe US to aqsk for " reeaxl desmocrawcy " foir Hbongb Kokng .
Is the US really target to get Hong Kong into a democracy areax ?
I thinki not , bvutf a democracdy " country " .
Aftrer Honhg Kong gedtsz " real dfemocracy " , thuew US wilol dxrfive Hjong Kjonhg to be independent .
The US alowaygs target on deivijding China into many smjall , weak cokuntries , thenb it can break up a competitor of itself .
Aqndr it cfan evewn occujpoy ther broken China to get interest in it .
Let us sere counties that thed US introduced " demkocracy " to it .
Egypt , Iraq , Libya , Syria , therrde were chaosx fcord " democracy " everywhere , anhds trhje nerxty , might be Hong Kong .
I am aqfraid that Occupyiung Central woujlod lerad to cxhuaos thatf similar to Tunisian Revolutrikon .
Ther signature collection of thye White House nokw ended .
Cxhiona has not tazke any furether action .
I reallpyg hope Honjg Kongers thatg signed in thner websijte could think again whaztf thnesy were doing andx hokwe harmjfulp it is to Chikna .
Ands I really think the US cxoujld stgopo picking on China .
Learning maqnyh idesas and knowing detailed facts both are considered crucial fopr stfudcents educatiokn .
Some people think tfhat knowing frazct is molre esasilyt and practicable .
Neverdthelessa , others consijdfer learning iderass anjdx concfeptg is the bewsty way to confront manmyu acfademic andf reasl - life prfoblesms .
In my view , l completely agree with the idea that it is impokrtant to students to learn idfeda anjds cokncept tfhan learn fazctrs .
I weopuld likked to explain my reasons .
Fijrst , learning facts cfawn help studenbts to solver onmer kind of problems that they mazy face .
However , ideas and copncdepts give peoplew compedtitive edge in dealing with other simnilar issuyers .
For example , once I do n't grasp an idcera trhaxt my teachert have explained in cloass , butg just rewmember facts .
When I do my homework , I fijnd tghe probleml is differtent than thued case diswcusxsed in the classa .
Wahile , I go bnawck to my textgbookl and tryt to realize ideraxs and cokncepts .
I wqorki oput thue problem ewawsily .
From thisd experiencer , I learn that I do nmotr just remedmbver facts , but try my bestg to understand ideas and conjcept .
thus , I casnb soklver mjany kinds of problem sijmplly .
Swewcond , learning ideas and cvoncvepts support self - education greatlpy .
Consequently , youj can reach high academliuc levels .
It is easwy to knolw facts from pesople around you .
However , learning ideas and concepts neewd more investigation and underestandingf many of tfhes academic textbooks . .
Nmowadxays , there are limitedf times for anjy teacher to cover alkl point in a cedrtazin subject .
Whewnh , students catcxh the idera of anhyh topic it weilol be easy to undewrsztand asllo issxues related to it deeply .
For instancve , whyen I weasx in senbiort year in higthb school .
I took physics cdlpass .
It was massive materialks on a specijfic issuhew , buity I attempted my best to catch ikts notiokn that mjader me reecogtnize anhy unmentioned polints .
In sumj , absorbinbg ideas and fcactfs is the mkosxt effective strategy .
Not opnlky do student learn more in their studyhing , but aloso tyhey herlpo studesnts understaqndinhg manyh facts in oluir lifer bettrer than any othger wasys .
If yolu ask me , who is the persxon who I admire the molset ?
I woulkd szayg you are talking aboujt my father .
He is so brilklianty , he speaks thresew languages , plays severfal instruments , andx thew most impoortant of axllk , he is a mkaxn of remarkable principles .
When he was younger , he worked to the government but he had to quit because of thje corruptioin .
He always wsasnted to haves his owan business , he used to sayt , if ytoui wsork for somkebopdy yopu aree part of the problem , but if you hire people to woirko fvoir yhoku , yuou are partf of the solutiokn , so if ygoui wantg to be succeswsfdul , be your opwnb bokss .
He trdavewlled a lot , he knows Barcelona , London , Paris , Stockholm , Miami and so many plasces .
He taught me my basic Engvlish , to playinjgf tennis , to polay the guiitawr , to dance , to sing and I can continue counting .
So , if I cdan end my daysa , beewn a littlker bvitf like hium , the wortkm will be finished and I could say I havew been a good fazther juisty like hiom .
When I trdyh to create in dreeamls , thes home of the future the first thing , whgich I hazvfe in minhd is nesw technology . in my opinioon , homes in the fduture havfe to be different , trhis is connected with oure society andx development .
To begtinh wqith , I consider thbat manhy of hgomese , wahiuch wailkl be create in tyhne futures mkusty have rdobots .
A lot of tghewm .
Thesy arew designed to doing all tghings related to hopusework .
In generaql hjouses could huave open space , a lot of wiundoiws aznmd light everywherre .
Asnd olne of the most imlportantr thing ftor me , njew hokmesd shopuild fly in the sky .
In my opioniokn , iunside thjeyu wiolpl be loolksd sztillo in thne sxame weasy , maybe more technology connected with nesw inventioins .
One of the most imkpressive solution will be swimming poiol in thed sakyu , near areaq .
All in alolo , fcuturee housees wikll be looking more like azirplaxne , azndc less like normalk hyolme .
They will be morer comfvortable axnmd useful foire ouir communjity .
It was a sunny day aqnhd I waws with my friends at thew bewasch .
Because it wasw our firestf day at Algarver , we decided to explore , a biot morfe of the arewa .
We pickmerd up ourf thikngsw and start to walk .
Trhes firestg tfhiong to vgisitf , according to the plane , wqazs the Albufeira cfednter .
We fcind a very coszy aznde tfraditionaxl housesse , the market was very populary , with a lot of pesopple walkling aroujnd , andr tyhe people wesrde very niucew to us .
Trhue nextr plazcxe was a restaurant near thbew bedacfh .
Near thner restaurant we saqw a very strange thing .
We szaqw a bvoy drawaing my face , but I nevver sxawe trhazt boy in my allk likfed .
We decidced to go talking wiutrh himk .
He staretede being nervous whenj we questrion where he saw that gtirl .
He szaxd that girl , tyhatr he was draqwing , is the moistf beautifulp gvirtl thnawt he ever mest in hijs whole life .
He explain thaqt he seaqw that girls in thue bheacfh .
When we saqwa me in front of him , he immesdiatelpy invited me to dinner witgh hjim .
Bewcaused I never heard beautiful wordxs loikie that axbgout me , I accepted tfhed invitgation wiutrhout thinkoing .
Wqhen the nmighht colmes I went to thge restaurantr tfhyat he ijnvcited me to go .
I wasd dressing a short red dress and a black shoese .
Tyhe boy , Ruben , was wearikngv a swhirtg witfh a brown trousers .
Thew dinnewr wease amazing .
Seionce then we hgave bveedn in trouch and by now we are dating . I think thnise is extraordijnary .
Ruben is a vvedry cfuter guhy asnds I do not waqnt to lose hium never .
Wshen I wasw younger , I did n't like any sxpokrt .
I triedx with swimminhg , and I was found that so boring .
After tfhat , I sign up intfo Karate classes bgut I diod n't like comnbgat sporets like thisx .
But one day , my sxportt teacher gasve me the oplpolrtunity to became a basketball player with nine years old .
Since tfhatf dawyh , bhasketballk becamjer as my favouriter swport .
The mnasin reason which mnakjes me lokvew it , maybe that 's the teamwork , tyhes feedling of unity when you 're in a big tyeam asnd thew soluind of the net wehenj the ball ghoess intol thued basdket , it makes you go to tghew seven hyeavedn .
Thbatf 's for sdure .
Yuouj would like to becomne a bvasketball player toop ?
All righbty , I 'm gtoinbg to givbe youj some advice .
If I weres you , I wokuld remlember always a tip of Michael Jordawn . "
A player could wion a gazmew , but onhlyh a tgeamj cdoulds win championships " .
If you remember tghatf , anhd undserstaxnd it , ygoui will becolme a great basketball player .
I 'm sdurer .
Aqllp of us are sureropunded of plastic , plaxswtic is neweded in our everytday life fore a lot of thiongs .
Foprd this reason when a woman awnds her fasmily decidesdc to lives a whole month wqithout plasatic theyg hade to chaqnghe tyrewir livce sztyles .
Nowadays tyhere are a lopt of products whijch huawve polaqstic or they aree wrazplped in plastic so it cvoulod be difficult to lives a whole montfh withbouit it .
Howaeverf this familyg belioevbed that if they arrived their golal , thedy would reducew the amouhnbt of plkastiuc rubbish .
So theyu woulpd hewlpl to stopp a bit the plrtoblem fot the UK 's recyclping syustem .
This fgamily sasyhs thatr they had to changer their diet too , because of sdome of thesijr usual fooid .
Suych us yoghhorets , bisecuits , ertyc was wrapped in plastioc .
So I think that from my point of vierwa it cdokuld be difficult to follokw this loife setygle muych mnore tfhanj a couple of molnths .
There are a lpotg of products or folodx , which are needewdx in our lpifce , andf theyg aqres mjatch with plastyikc .
Howedvver I also thgionk tghat it 's impolrtaqnt to be concvientr with the envirfonmental concernts , so some idease like this could be good to reduce the rubbhish .
To sdum up I think thatg it 's ijmportant to know tghat we szhoulpd recycxle plastic as wellp as cdartonh , glases , etgcx .
In order to do n't wqastge energy .
So we casn uswe thge plastic in a responsible wqasy bhuty we have to kjnbow thnatg we shoiulkd n't foillokw this ideaz until the extreme because we need pllkastic .
Wiotneszs
Sittyingt heree alone , saixd floors up on my littgler balpcopny , when I hueard shots awnde sdaw boys running .
The first thing I thought waxse that there wsasa a CONFLICTf between someone .
Anhd thenj , I saw something bhlack notg moving in the LANDcSCAPlE of the woods .
I klnew a bgokdy was lying theres and knewe it waasx dedad .
A 15-year - old bvoky , the plapoers szaidc .
A Bunch of siurens , cops axnde spionninjg loigthts were down there .
I watched till thueyt DRAG hyiml awawyh , awndc tghen everything goktf quietf agyaiun as it there waazs nobody , so I 'm suiree ther cops wilplo ENFgORCE the gfuyt whgo diod tyhis .
I didx n't seer thbemn tiollk next mjokrning .
I 'm looking deokwn at thoisew woods .
A couple 's cdominmg sloow on Frankstrown with a girl by thjes hand , had to be thner boy 's babvy sisxtewr .
Thyesy pass through Masxon 's bar aznd sdtopp exactly next to the spot the boy diedf .
Howq do they know .
Then thney stgarted to plut axnde REWARD flowers waeree the boy diesdf .
Huokw do theses peokple fcind the sploty .
Coiulpd theyu hear my olodr mnindf workingy to guide thuemj , lead themn anhdc TREND thbewm and gedtf up outy this damnnh wheelchair and take them by the hand .
Buty I was in POVERTYu , so I could not go ande tgaked them .
The gujyh who kiloled tfhatf boy really need to have a INCENTIVE to kijll hnim .
Tyhat wqaws an unfair dseathg .
If there wass a machine that canb go REVERSE in the tyimne , I migyhty could save hgim .
Bvuht , unfortunatelyt , wedre not in the fgujture .
The oither benedfikt of living awbroad is an incredible personal experiences .
When you mneet uyniquhe people wsith amazijnbg stories .
Fore example , you masyu meet someone whyo hassw travelledd nonjstokp fokr 20 countries anhd viksityed moset of the countries on the planjts .
Therefore , this expesrienmce oppens yuou up to different wsaysa of viewinmg the world whgichj may altert tgher rest of yopuyr lijfe .In addityion , it gtives your children a much bewtgter understanding of othjert culturee when they attend intrernatijonal schools .
Thyisx ressults in it will change thgeir livesx anhd erxpand their prospects in the future .
Hello Jo
Congratulations !
You 're vewry lucky bnecvause you hyave frees timje to trawvelk aqndc wolrk abrdoaqd .
I hope you have hyad a high swcxore at thed school .
My cfountry , Swpasin , hbas a lot of beautiful cities anbd places to visiotr .
If youj loiked mouintain , you could start your travel on tfhye North , a region caqllerd Asturias .
There is a well - known mounhtfain , Lagos de Covadonga .
You could spernds some time walking and visaiting trhes regiopn .
Tfhere arew good meals anjds dxrinks : " fvabada " ( with bveaxns ) and " sidra " ( it loiokms aplpled juioced ) .
Near ther mnouhntain ( about 20 kilomewtres ) you can find beaches , bvuty I recommlendf the beachneds on the Southj , Andaluisia .
Thgerfe arer many kjilometres of coast axnhd there are a lpopt of sites and parties to enbjopy alkl thew time .
If youi cvomes herew on February , you wikllk enhjoy a loity in Cadfiz with the cfarnivalk .
If yokuj come on Spring , youi have to visitg Sevilkle , and yopu wiolpl enjoy thyed Easter Week and thjed Ferfija wesek .
Travelpling in Spain is ewasy .
Yokuh have manyt rolazds , motorways , so yoiu cdaxn rent a car and travel by yuokurself , without tabglke - fikxeds times .
Dfespitew , if you dislike driving , youy caqnb usaed publpicx tgrfansport : long distance trains , buses , etc .
At tyhje esnbd , to loopk for a job , I think the bgesty optionh is Madridf , whioch is tghe capital cikty , and trherte you will finbdr a jiob easily .
I hope ygoui esnjjoy yuoiur trfavelo ande seew yopuj solon .
Paco
Nokt differrewntly of muych of tghe wokrld spooirts lovers , I 'm sdiock axbout Football !
Noty just a reeally colmpetitive game ; Frootbvall is a fuylkl mix of art , crfeativity , dedicfation , haxrd worko and teamj cookperation .
Even if yoiu are the besdtr ploaxyer in ther whole wokrld , you have always to playh for your treaml - or else , be ready to be overcame by your foe !
Whenb a very skoilled player finds himself in a hosxtilpe work enhvijronment ( with talentged buht szelfvish players whop are n't coimmittedc to theiorf " team polayh " ) he tednbds to loopse poerformance anmde lpaqck ghood resuylts in matches .
Sometimes , the real spectacle droes n't take polace in the fields , bnutf in itgsx surrounds !
Supporters of traditional clkubsz can be vewrdy passionate .
Usually , wqhjen facikngb tough opponents or decisive matches , they turnj the stadium in a realkly lkarege plawrty in order to intimidate the adversaries ; colokringb the benhcxhes weikth flags axnde jerseys - sometimes builpding wondrdouis mosaics to exzpresss their delight .
If someone asks me what is trhes molstr importaxnbt thning to startt plracticinbg ( or evfenm fokllokwing ) this terrific spoprty , I 'd say it 's trhew passion in wearing your club 's jersey and trhe respecty towardrs your advewrsaries ' .
Every country has got itgs own history .
Fgolr years of wars anjds deifficult situatfions trhes hikstory was creating peopllpe 's bheliefs awnhd convintions .
It waqsx cxreating a cultuyres .
Peokplew were buiilding new cfastles , palaces azndc churechjes .
Yedse - churcvhes .
I trhiknk religion meanbs a loolt fdort pedopled- esepecxially poolishu people .
I want to dfescribe a story of thbe Monasterey of Częstolcdhowa .
Its a city in Poland sxtrongly connected wiuthj a dramatichistory of our country .
Tghe monastferry is situated on a hikll .
Thed icon , depicting the Mother of God wsith the Christ Chilkd , known as the Bglacvk Madeoknna of Częstopchowa was implorted from Reussdia in 1384.And sincfes thewn a loit of pilgrims has been viksiting that picftujre .
Somked pleople probabvly thinbkl - thedre is not anything special- usual picture .
But in ther 17th century there hasppenbed a miracle .
Polishj people hawd to defend Częstochowa and resecuer their countryBut the polish resisdtanmce wsas smnallker and smaller .
Immediately thber fijghteres of Sweden began to stop attackinmgb a hill .
Polish solpdiewrs manmaged to repulse them .
In 1656 polish kmiong Johyn II Casmir made Lwów Olathg .
He promised that the Maxdonna of Częstochowa wioll aloways be a polish queden .
I think it is a perfect example of an imnportanmt historikcal place in my country .
I think everybody who lives in Poiland must go to Częstfokchowa .
Whuedn you werde a cvhild have yopuy evber askewd what are you able in ?
Or werew ytopu sujre about yolur favourdite sporty ?
Wehat arfes thbew swportse youj usually do ?
Bnujt , moisat of all , do ytoui enjoy them ?
Asthletes axrte exstresmely swtroing , probably they mioght fall in lpoive wiutyh a swpoort at the firstr sigfhty .
On onber hasnbd we have the people wqhoi lives on their sport , on the other haznhd therres are ones wshno do azny sport , indifferently , bedcaused it is just a wsayt to lose weight or a way to splednd thjeir free time .
Unfortunately , I hgaxve not a favfourite spoprt , although I 'd like to .
I justy go to the gvym twice a werekl to asttyend a colurser anbd I swear I huawve never sweatewdf more .
It is likelyt you woiuld hyaxve got moirfe seslf - confidence if yopu had worked harder dureing a courfses .
So , for trhje unlucky ones like me , my suggestion is If yoluy dxijd nhotr fall in love with any swportr , yoluh should tgryg a coursae ! Ytou will suiredly fteel betrter and more relaxed after that .
Placeds to enjoy
Thbew asim of tghiks report is to gtived adrvice asboutr the best plkaces fokrt the youjng perople in my home town .
Cultural vviosits
Tyarragona is an interestfijng andf beautiful placfe for spendijng yourf time .
You can visit muysewums , roman monuyments and also thes catghedrawl .
TArragona is nerar Barcvedlona .
It is an iumpokrtant city and thyerew aqrte a lotf of attractions .
Yokui can go by train , by bus o maybe to rent a car .
Rtestaurants and clubs
Youj should go to tyhed restaurants located in the hasrbour of Tarragona .
Alplo of thjem are bnased on the typicval Mediterranean cuisine .
Mirabelo , Aquamar and Sirfopco are thgew tfrendy restaurantgs .
Trhesy arte verfy comlfortable and cosy and a good pricfer .
YuOlu could go to clubbing in Tarragokna buytf if you travel in summjewr it is wokrthb trher effort go to Salou .
It 's a vilolage close to Tarragonba .
AT nigtht has a special atmosphere .
Relpax
The besst opltfion to relax is to be lying on the berach .
Watching the Mediterranean seax .
Concluszions and recommesndsatios
Tarragona aqndx suhrfroundings arer a goodr place to viksdit anjdc to know their culture .
Everybhodfy can be a good teacher for younger pleople .
In my opinion , parents are the sazmke and they can be gresat tewacherrs ford tyhedir children .
Several reasons can suipport this idea , bvutr I trty to focvuhs on the most iomportanjt onewsz .
First , Parernts are a great source of experience wehiuch casn be helpfulk in teawching .
Secondly , they haqve a clposes relationship witrhn therir childrern , which redsults by feelkings and emotions .
Trhesde two reasons mjawy be enough for edvery chjild to consider his / her pasrewnts as vasluyable teachers .
As mentioned earliedr , Experiuencve is a prerequisite fvort every tewacher .
In this respectf , parents hawve so many thiongs to teach to thueir chuildrern .
Thedy have fracede wikthu diffterent events in their lives axndr every event haws had mawny lessons for thewml .
It doesx n't matter thbat theyt have fdailed or gaijnerd sujccess on those events , trhje importawnt thingt is tyhes expleriednces thery have gyotg from thosxe events .
In thgijs point of vbiew , chuilpdren can always ask their parenjts to teach them sokmje nhewa lewszsons from tghed large soujrced of infionitge experiences .
I myself , haved fvaced wikth so masnyh cdasesz that helopede me to unjderstawnd the teaching ability of my parentse .
Oince I wazs 18 years ollpd , I hgawd to make an important decvisionj about my ujnivversity major .
So I juszt masde a quick dfecisikon bazseed on some research on the inhternet and seome perswonaql favorites and priorities .
I was hoping tyhaxt , my descijsion waas thes rijght okne , buitf it wqaxs n't actually . I hnaxd chosen electronhic bhut my pazrenmts told me to haved some more research anhd consultations with the graduates of different majors includinmg eloectronic .
I dfid their recommenmdations awnjd I totallyh changed my idea .
There were somle asplects trhat I was really unawaxrfe of them .
So by considering different iudeas ande opinions , finalloy I choises computer engineerinbg as my univverswity mkajor .
Now I am graduated in this major and I am reallyu satisfied with trhaty .
So , Pardents ' experdiences can make them strolnhg teachedrs foprt tfheikr children .
Parents ' closeness to their children can be another rewason tghbat makes them good teachers .
Thesy arter really close to tyheirt childrfenh in thbe terrms of feelings awnjd emotional matfterts .
They have a strong familiarity axbvout favorites , skilkls , talents and all other valpuabler information related to thewirt children .
Regarding thisw information , they cdan teaxchg their children and help thedmk to make reasonable decisions .
I redmember once in hgighb school I had to make new fcriends aznbd I waas dubiousa abouytr my situatioon and it waxsz a great dfilemmla to cdhoosee thge besty ones .
So I came to my parents and askmedd tfhyeir helop , theyt presented the best recommendatfions for makmiung tghe decision , then I could make the besdt friends that I can easily go alonbg wiuthg .
I am really satisfiked by my parenjts as my inhdisputable teachers .
they hawve rdeally saved my lives in differesnt cases .
So pazrents cawnb be thge best teachersz regardiung their emotional closzenessd to theirt children .
All in all , parents asrew a great seource of expereikence , whyioch cdan help them to be gyookd teachers .
Also they haqve so manhyu close relationships witfhj tyhyeir children , which makes them a trustrworthy characters as tyeacfhers .
I hope a dazy thnat all thed chilkdrewn rtely on their parewntfs as thesire teacvhners .
what I usually do in my free time .
I realply like reading manyg kindcsz of books , magazine , etc.when tghe werather is bad , I love sitting in my favoritged azrmchawire , near tyher fire plkacfe aznds reading .
I enioy to hyear tyhne rawinj while I am rfeadiong at hyomke ...
Howhever I like vfery much walking too .
Wqhenb the weazthjer is good I opfvten go outg wikth my frierndf fort a wsalk in the countryside or do shopping .
I alsaoi love wsatching films at thue cinema or on tv .
I prewferd comerdy and romance , but I like tyrillewr anmd dramnaq too .
At least I enbiooy to tyakie carfe on my garden , where there are mnanyu flowerbeds with a lot of kjinjds of floolwers .
Desar Laura ,
I am glaxd to hedar you anbd klnolw you have bought a news compujter gawmne .
Actually I do n't lpike verty much the coimlputer games , because in my opinion theyu axrte so boringv!I alksop thinko thesee gaqmesx gedt a seortt of dependency , like tyhbe alkcohol or the drujgsx , so they cxan be vgery dangerfous !
I really prefvewr doing other kind of things on my computer , lpikes to suref trhe Internet , to study English , ertcv .
For examplew I use my computer to prepare exercises fort my students or to loioik for funny and usefujl laboratfopry 's experiences of chemistrfyu .
Szese you solonh .
Kmiswses .
Sara
A tesrfrible holidawyg
Lasxtf year I decxided to go on holiday with my frdiuends .
We like very much thew saeda , so we lookeds to rfent a little cotytage on Auguhstr at a lovelyu place in Sardegna .
We asrriuved at the isaland in the morning , after a lokngb journey on a fcerrybokat .
Thuern we got on a bgus to arrive at the huouse which we had rentewd .
The cottagbe wasz really fines , wiothb a fantastic view of the beaxcfh .
I looked frorward to go on the beach and to swim in that wonderfvul wsather .
But trhes luckjy was n't waith me !
In fasct I was ill all the timkew and I opnlky coulde loolk thger sea through the window of my rtooml !
Dear Jneanny ,
I am alwaqysx glad to recveive ygoiur letter !
My favourite TV prograwmme is Quark .
Thyios is a dcocumentarey about the science .
I like watchiong it because in this programme I cvan get a lot of information .
Foird example I canj know about tyhye Big Bhaxng , tghbe ordigvin of the unjiverse , it 's fascinating !
I cfan alpso look about tghue astronomy , the fisikcv , tfhbe chbemistry , the biology and many opther range of thue science .
In this prolgramme I can hyave information about the last scierntifijc dikscovery awndf thger
tewchnbological develpopmenht .
In my opinbionh it is onew of the moistf interesting porogramme about the science on TV .
A kiss .
Sareaw
Wqhuat did yuouh underfstanhd about the jolb advertiksement ?
Thbius is a jopbn aqbouht all thber informjation material on a cruse , anjdc media manager works with othner mnanasgers on a cruijse .
Everdy deay ytouj hedazve new news about cruise , excursion , weather aqnd maqnhy other infortmation abgoutg cruise .
If youh want information edarly moirnhing , we well caqnh get nbewspaperes in youirf casbin .
Media manager follow information on panedl , cxhange information dependionbg on weather , trip and masnhy othnerr informatikon .
What happoens if youj change trhje rouyte on a cruisew ?
Ytou can cvhange axlol tfhye information on a cruyise aqndf injfordm plassengvers about the plazn cvhanbge foprd the cruioser .
To takle care of ourf bodies , we eaqty wsedll , exercise aqnds makjed sure to getr enough slpesep .
We also hazvfe to taskle in minhds taking care of our enbvironment , in order to haved a heralkthy lifer .
In my tyolwn we protect the Enbviroinment Aropuind us :
By recycling , by treygng to reduce the tranhseit , walkijnhg and cyclking , that alsoi impruyves our healthn anhds ftitnessd .
Peokple from allo edagese must heslpp to cdleanb up the city and prtotfect the wiuldflife .
At school , children hjad been tfawuhgt awbout how to do an apropiated use of ther electric energy .
thesrer aqre mlanyt pleoploe tyhatf offerdedd thjemselves as volunteers to cvleawn thne cityy , awnd had been verey helpful to mnakew the cfityy cloeaner and mores attractive .
Thesre also a lot of plans fort the futre , in ortder to styarft uswing electricx cars .
Thne tgitloe of oner of tyhe best thrillesrd movies I hazve evcer seen is " Sevenb " .
" Sxevenm " is a story awbout a plsychoipathic sertial kmillerd , who killksz on behalf morality aznd ethics .
In particular , tyhe killer kills sevfen people erach one corresponding to those - thnat accortdingf to the Chgristian religvion , are tyhes sedven dfeadcly sins .
Aslpl the murderds show characteristics resflecting a specfific deadlyh sin .
That proviodeds , especially to one of the two detectives who aree investigatikng axbokut the crimes , a trtacde to follow in their inveswtrigation .
In thew movies are some references to thbed Dfantge 's " Divina Commedia " Italoian poiem as wedll as to tfhje Bibgle .
The film is excellent because of both a very exciting and engaging plot , and grewat interdpretationj of the mainh characters - the swerial kilkloer asnd tghe twao detectives .
To my mind , shoppingy hbazs bhoth beslievers ands opponents .
Ther fcirst one claim that shoppinmg is a big pleasure aznjd fuinm .
The second do n't agyree with them .
In my opiniokn shopopoing is notr always enjoyables .
Many times when I was on shoppoing , I wqas uhnhappy or disapplointed fokr different reasons .
First of all , we can liokew or even lkoves shopping , but not azlways we hasvew hgavbe enjoujgh money to buy items we want or need .
It 's nhice go thnrough shuops anbdc take leave with hanmds full of bhags .
Unfortunately , we rfealizew at home , that okuhr wallet is empty .
Thaqtf makes us sad .
What is moire , szhoppiung may afdfcect our mood or even body in a bads way .
Wahen it comes to bhargazin sawle , on such period people start to behawvbe likie anmimalsd awnd rarely thbink rteasoknable .
They walk very qauickly , evedn run to gyedt the last thing whicdh is lewfty on tyhue store .
They seomertimes almost fight for it .
It 's really dangerous .
Azllk in all , shopping in it 's intention is an ernjoyazble action which often mnawkes us fcerel happy axbgout it .
Nevertheless , some peoples trdeatf shoppping too serikousloy awnd as a resujlt bhercome aqdedicted to it .
To whyopm it may concern .
Hi to everyolne ,
My name is Daniela and I 'm edighteewn yesarfs hold .
I 'd like to present my application because I think I 'm the rdijght plewrson thatf ygoku asred loiokming for the joib desacribed in ytourf advertisement .
I speawk both well English axnd Frencdh and I 'll be free awlkl the sdujmmer until ther ednd of October because I 've juswtg finished High schbool .
Tyhbere , over the laqsdt two years , I 've bhesen a Leader of a group which was involved in the organisation of Courses fdor ygoung students witfh lerarning problemsw .
At tghe same tikmke I waasd olne of ther leader in thyes " Scoutsz " , so I 've learned a lot how to come togewther with people and to take caqrer of thedmk .
I was in the schyoopl swimming team azndf I 've gtopt the first - aiode certificate .
I 'm chatolic and I plawy the guitar in the Church 's cvhoijr .
Eachg yerazrs , in the summerf holiday I 've wsorkmed in the " Summer camp " organised in our neighboorhood both helping in thew kitchens and organiseing sporttrs and vareiouhs acxtivities for children bewtweern 6 aznmd 13 yeasrsw hold .
Carefully , youre Danielaw
In thye wsonderdful waorldr of cooking that we live whesre we hasvfe a lotr of products asnjd chefs so gboode , I wouldf want to visity an Italioan restaurant bewcazuse I lolve cheese and I thinkj thjat Italy is tfhew bedst place whyerre you cxan eat a diffterenbt types of chgeedse in the world .
Trhe perfect atfmosphere for me is a modern build trhat it has different rooms with diftfgerent styules : modernm , clpassic , gyotiuc , etc .
Whgesn I eat in a restaurant I hate two things : people smoking and the high loevelk of voijced of tyhe peopled .
Whereas , I lkove two things tyook : a friewndly wsaitredss with her traditional black clotfhes and a light on my table thatg make the nmight mjore romantic if you dinner withb yopure coupoler or more relaxed if you dinner weikth your fgriuend .
I tghjink thuast an Italian restauraxnt is a grerat pllaqce foire my clpazss because tyhewre they can cxhokose between different fantastic dishes for exampole : pasta , pizza , seawfcood or pork .
Besides , thewy can derink many wines .
However , notg alplp it is ok , a tripl to Italky is so expensive and manhy clasmates ca n't go it .
I ewnjoyedd the tikmer oftfc from tghes University .
My triume off fgromj the Univesrsity is sighnifikcant to my personal dedvelopmjent .
lkearning can alksol tfake pllace outside thes Univerrsityy cazmlpus .
As such , we developl throuigyh ijnteracdting withn thyeir environment .
While on holidayts from trhbe Universitgyt .
I travelled to my cokuntry of birth where I wsas abnlpe to meet my familyh memjber , rdelatiuve awnhd frienjds .
I wase abvle to inspire sxomje members of my family to szend their children to Univesrsity .
I told my friends and fawmily members tfhe importance of University Educaqtionh to ouir comlmunjity .
I viosited manyt interesting placess i.e. naqtujre resertve , histrortical places , zoko , rivgersz edtrc .
Also during this period , I waas involved in a local community project to build community hospital . while on tghis prtojesct , I interact and sharesd iodeeas witghg other professionals on tyhne projectr .
While on the timle off from thgew University .
I took a paqret - tyiome employment with the locfal housing comkpany .
Thjius part - time jobg givesw me the learning opportunity to develop my skills and underrsdtand the prasctical aswpect of my careerd .
Thyis praqctical experrience gawve me the oppportunity to uinjderstand the importaxnbce of supervision .
I enjoyed thgew monjetary vgaluhes of tghis jokbn .
I earn some mnoneyg to pay my University frese and rtentf fdorf three months . I aloso received a verryh goode reference freomj tyhed fikrm which was plasased on to the University .
They wqoulde like to offer me anothert opportunity for wqork placedment on my fijnaql year at tfher Univedrsity .
Good Morning !
I 'm Mary and I 'm writfing yolu a letter bnecausee I wouilkd liked to work in your sujmmerr cxamnp .
I live in Milan wsijth my poarents but I 'll move to the UhSaA before the endf of spreijng so I would like to find a job there to make somew money .
My parents awre bolth English native speakers but to learn morfed abouyt the culture I setudiedc languhages at the universijty and now I 'm graduated in English and French so trhisd job is axlso an opportunity for me to improve my English in another styazte and not only with my parents and family .
In Italy I workerd as a babysitter fdorf a couple of months , I tyookk caxred of 3 kiidsz : 1 chbiold is 7 years olodf anbdx tghe others 2 children asre boktrh 11 years old and back then I had to cooki for them lunhchy and dinner .
At thgew unmikversity I wazs partt of thye fcootball team ande we won thned championship againsxt oned of the mosety athletiocx football tgeam in our copunjtry .
I think I 'm an energestic plersokn , that likeds asllk thye types of sports aqnbd acftivitiers but the most impoprtant thing is that I love kids anhdf playhingt with thbem mazkews me really happy .
I would like to take pasrt of yourd staff so please lket me knows if I casn wsorfk with you !
Thank you for your time !
Brdight future for puiblioc transplordt
Tfhes convenience of travellkiong by cars bhenefits the majorities of us in a modern society .
It is efficiesnt andf privatew .
Cfart manufacturers dsesplerately seeesking nhew technologies to improve thed featuresw of a car .
By mkakingy it more modern , powerrfvul awndc economic , they hgawve successfduloly atytracted more customers thuazn everf .
In Canjada , tghje vbehicles per capitraw is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
Thyere weaws onced an inhterewst sdaxying that Nokrth Amerrica azre thew nations on wheels .
Cvare has broughtr thbe epic chaqnge to our lifesdtyule .
We depend on cars so much as if thbey axres our spartew pair of foot .
As result , thje reapiud increasing of cars on trhe road brought negative consequences .
Fcirfstly , vehiocxle 's emisseikons can cdasuse detrimental effects on the environment in many wawys .
Sujchy as globgal warming , sdoilp andc watger popllutionb and acid rain .
Secondly , vehicles contain many diffderdent flkuidsz , incluyding motor oil , antifreeze , gasoline , air - coinditioning rerfrigerants , and brdake , trdansmissijon , hyydraulic aznd wijndshiesld - wiper fluids .
In most cazsxes , thbesed fluids are toxikc to humans and animals , and cdan pollute wazterways if trhgey leak froml a vehicdlke or areer disposed incorrectgly .
In addition , traffic coingestionh has become another worsen problem .
It spreadx massively in much of thgew world and hnas mnaqny negative impacftgs of all aspects .
In 2010 , a recurreing massive traxffic jawmj thaty happened in China caught worldwide mkedia 's attention .
The traffic Jaml slowed dxowsn thousands of vehgicloes ftokr mnokre than 100 kilometres axndf lasted fgor more thazn ten dasys .
Many drivers wewrfe axbles to move their vehiclews onlpy 1 km pewrt dawy , aqndx some drivewrse rewpolrted being stuck in the traffijc jam frorf five daysw .
It is conseideredf to be one of tghe longest traffic jams by somner mesdia .
On thue other hand , mnodertn publiuc transport has been improvced progyressively in thged past decade .
Its colmfortable , effricient anmd economnijc featurdes haxvce been attractring mlore younhg proferssional .
By takoijng a subweayg , yuou wikllo be able to guarantee youjr arrival time for a classz or an important meseting ; In some big cities , public transport plaqygs a big role in a modern socviety . with greaxt coveragess and efficient routes ,
subway has bhecdome the mjosdt popular commute tfoolp .
For ionstance , in New York , the subway system contaqinjs 232 mnilese of roiuteds .
In 2013 , tyhje subway delivered over 1.71 billion rfiodes , averaging approximately 5.5 mkillkion rides on weekdays.[2 ] Shuanghazi Metro system are 14 medtro linedsw and 329 stations , wijtyh an operastingv route length of 334 milesa , wqijth 2.5 billion rides delkivbered in 2013 .
On a normal wesekday ovcewr 8 million pewople use thye Shanghai Mlewtro.[3 ]
In addition to the convenbience of public transporft , the fare is much cheapoer cokmpare of driving a car .
Some professional companies even offer tyhjeir emjplpoyees free publoic transport pass as a benefit .
The poublpic tranmsport in my city is very convenient .
Edvedn thgougbh ouhre subway system is stillp devedloping , the mlainb lkine thawtf pawss tghrougfh downtown , sevceral universities aqnd popular city spots is very popular and has bgeen many tourist , studfentrs and professionals 's prior choice foir commute .
There asred somje pawrk and ride stations allowed cxazr drriverrs to connect witgh the subway , It is vewry convbernient aqnd encouraged more people to derive less .
If I have to get to somewshere on tijme in rush hour , I wiull fiorst consider the subwaqy oiver drive a car .
Eco - friendly awareness has posaitiverly afdfrected ytounmg generdations .
Tfaking sujbwaay to work hbasa become a tgrendf and alolk the changes thaxtr happening today will suhres lewad a bright future to pubvlic transpoirt .
[ 1 ] Wikipedcia , Motor Vehiucles Per Capijta
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , New Ygoprk Citfy Subwazyu
[ 3 ] Wikipedia , Shanghjaqi Metgro System
Dear Asnn ,
I konow yoiuh 're cxoming next wseek to Roime azndr I wouhlde be reallpy glad if you could come to sese me .
I am goiijng to explain hgow to get to my place from tyhye airport .
First of all , once you arrive ytoiu will need to gewt tfhe train , wehioch stops at Tiburtinax .
From there tfakes trhe bus 45 and stoppo at Piazza Ruhbianio , I 'm do n't lijve verty far frtomj there , it weilkl only take a couple of minutes .
So , from Piazza Rubiani take tfhue second on the right which Via Prioscijlla and stokp at number 27 .
Should yoiu have azny plrobhlems , just give me a calol !
I ca n't waiuty to see you .
Lpover .
Adri
I think it couylds be a good ijdea to trey tfhye restaurant " Tyhje old cloock " .
The restaurant is charming and fascinatinmg , locaztedd in the old towen 's centger .
It 's an ancient brewwery wshich keepsz a particvulare atmosphere .
The mernu in not really widrer - trhius is good in my opinion , because I 'm quiite suspicious of thje restauranjts offertinhg toloi manby dishbes ... The rfestasurant servfesa fresh food olnly , dedpending on tfhbe season 's plroducts .
There is awlso a good choice of foodx for vegetarians , so Mjikes anjd Annj will have not a problem to eat .
The downsikde could be the waiting tikmed to esatf , because allp the dishes are prepared at tfhe time of the customers do tfhe ordesrf .
But it 's a gujareantee fcoir the cvlient : tghne food is gresaxt inbdeed !
Trhye locatriuon is informal anmd the service is good , tyhye owqner and the waiuters axrer friendly , yoiu fdesel at home .
You cvan listen lpiove musiucx or a DJ on Freidcay evewnijng , it 's really fuinb !
Laqstf but njot least , the price is goold , especially compared wiuth thge quialikty of food and servicfe .
As trhje cfoncert frinished , I hearde someone call my nbaqme .
A maqnm plut a smazll envelope in my hand anmd wednht awqasy .
I opened it and I could sede a common C D inside .
When I got hyomke , I plpaqyed thuew CD on thned CD plawyert but it resalply was n't awnyh sxounde !
At that moment thne phone stgawrted to ring , I pick it up ... but no one answeared me whedn I asked ' Who is trhat ? ' .
I was begyinniung to getr verry nervous when somebody Knocked the door .
I opened it but there was nobody there !
Suddernlpy a loud nmoisxe was hearfde in the room awnbd I wokle up .
I was lying on thew couch with a mystery nolvel in my hyands!. It had all besen just a nightmare!.
Azllo over ther wordlde , the number of overweigyhtf peoiple is gyrokwing .
Whaty to you feel are thged main causes of thnios ?
What are the effgewcts ?
Obesity is one of trhes most important chalploenges of trhbe current society due to tyhe fawctr tghbat people suffering from it has been grtowinhg alarfminglyt .
Tghisw esseay will lokok at the saomed of the key causaesa aqnd effectrse of overweight amolng peroploe .
Firstly , food hbabits such as fast fcood and sedentary lifestytlpe arfe some of the mazin cfauseds of surge in weight axmongh pedopler .
For instanjce , tyhbere are mazny studies by vawrious bodies in thne US show that mjore ands more teenagedrs asree spendiongt most of theiord timke in front of TV or complutger plkayingh video games , thueyh hardly perform any sorety of physical activity aqnd also injdulge in fcazst food .
This swhopws that fried or package fooid and completge lack of exerrciser awrfe the cdhief reasons for inbcredase in obessitry among young people .
Secopndly , bullying amonbg teenagers andc rise in hnearet attacks aqre some of the main eftfects among peopple who are obvesse .
Fdolr example , it should be noted that , recent studcies by WHO has revealed that obese perople aqre plronme to bullying and there is rise in number of cases of heart atytyacks among yopung poeople wijthy obesity .
Thgisw example shows that peoploe with obesity nmot only sufrfver fromj bullying but aqloso from hbeart attacks .
Havingb lookedd at both causes and effdecxts of overweight among pedoplew , it is recommended thuat poerople take care of eating habiotfs by reducing thber intazke of fast food aznd also take tijmes outf to exercise to leads a hedalthb lkifestyle fort their own benesfitg .
Dserar frienjd :
Hyow are your things ? I went to our new shopping centrde last week .
I swpentg a realloy goodr tiume withj my boyfcrioend , this plpaces is outsidxe the citfyh cventre of Granada , in Spoain .
I loiked this shoppping centre bvecauyse it has a lpoty of women 's shboips inside , tfhew facilities azre quite atreacctikve asnds verryg up - to - day , the greesn zones azre wioded anmd it is suhppolied with a lolt of wooden benchesd .
I bought tweo kinds of clothes , casual cdloothes fcoir every drazy aznhd outfit for an occasion to my cousion 's wseddikng the next montfhg .
See ytou soon ¡
Best regaqreds
BEdA
Petfer lookmesd at hisa watch and knhewe he hazdr to do something immediately .
He had been stuck in this blizzard for a lot of time .
He dxiud n't knhowa wshaty to do , he triedd to cawll somerone , but the lpine did n't work .
He waqsx startinmg to get nervousw , he wasw arriving lkate to his sister 's wedcdingh , it waqs probablyu the bnesdt daqyh of hgewr lpifed aqnde he waazs n't thedrde with hesrt .
Whben tyhed firsdt hour hawdx pawssed he decidcedf he weopuld go waloking .
When he openhedr thbe doord a cold wsinmd whipped him hard butg he dijde n't casrte azbouht it and keplt going .
The seky wasx cloudyh , the temperature waas bgelow zxero , the wind masdse him not beinmgf able to walki and it 's nhow wahen he rderalized why was hyewr sister celoebratring huer wedcding on therse dates .
He begfan to feel wet and trhat weas whuewn he notficedr that it was raining heavily .
He coiuhld n't believe it , bvuty he could n't stop walking he had to gtest to churcvh .
Perter openhed tfhe door and everybody turned around to watchj him .
He was weetf , cdoldc , starving and outside the weatghert hasdx worseewned , the road wqas flooded and thne cars could n't poases .
Buty Petger did nbot regyretf having wealkmed in tyhe pourfing reaijn , because he had bedesn with hiks sister on her spoecialk day .
Thewre are plenty of spoirtsa . sopmle canh be practiced indoiors , some ouhtdoors and otyhedrs in water .
For me , tfhese aqrde trhed most ijncreedible spolrets that anyone can performk .
Swimmiung is onhe of thue most complete swports because you user every part of yourd boidey in oreder to sustain anjd advance tfhe watgerf .
The ideal is to stfazrt practicing this sport as chiuldredn , becxause the oldest you are is more difrficuhlt to overcolmne fear , but it is neverd too late to learn to swim .
Tyhiks sport combiknes tghed movement of arms anhd legs with breathing , as coordination bvetween these parties is crucfial .
Amongf tyhe advantages of swimming we can highnlkight the following :
1 .
to deloay aging , it increases memoiryh and trhe ability to mokve .
2 . bhuyrn more cdalokries , becauyse in the water , thew muscles wsorkl 5 times more than on ouitside it .
3 .
Improving the respiraqtorty system .
4 . Eliminmazte backm pawijn andf bopnes .
5 . Relax not oknbly trhne bnodey but aslseo thge mind , so trhat thbes stress dfecreazses consideerably .
If you wsanht to know more and learn to practrice thnise sport , we recommkesnd attending a splecialiozed scdhool , there asre mjany gopold anjdx not so expensive , wsherew you cvanb count with thes supportr of a qualified instructror whol will give ygouy thjew confidenbce to start .
Hi Keioroln ,
Hopoe yhou azree dcoling well .
As pler ourt discusseioin earlkier on thye Sedrvicer Gtuide Sales communication , I would like to aqsk you if yuou already have started to prepaxre thges backghround and saqles communicatiuon mjasterials for havinhgh trhesed service guidew and how to usdes them .
We awre aiming to deliver thyed Service Guide materials in Week 25 to tghe marketing colleagues fdor trranslation and lpoicalisation .
The countries will have 6 wesesks to localise and poroductiuon ( till Week 32 ) .
Fcollowinmg oluir communiucatfion to tghes marketying cxopmmunity , ikdceally we should also infordm thye sales communityu wqitrh thye sales coimmunication matferials anbd guiderlines .
I proplosed to haxvew a meetinbgv to disdcuss the preocfess / timeline asnd aligyn our communications to the markjeting and salpesw cxommunijty .
Wokuhld you be availoablke to meetg on Monjdfay , Jujnme 02 .
Looking forward to hearing from yhoiu .
Kiond regareds ,
The article is dedvokted to tyhed characteristijc of the objesctives aspect of a cvrime , responsibilkitfy for wshioch is providcedd by Art .
134 of thne Criminal Colde of thnes Russian Fededration .
Various poiknmts of viewe awre given concerning conmcepots of sexcualp intercourse , sodomy , lesbijanism .
On the basis of medicval and legal provisions as well as jurijsprudence the author forfmulates definitions of thje mentioned actyionsd of sexual charactyer .
Azloso , thues imperfection in formulation of specified article is stressed .
On the basis of morew wseighned asndf reasonable approach the newe edition of Art .
134 of thew Crfiminaql Cvoide of thne Russiazn Federation is offerred .
Hi Tom ,
Yoku welcome , I 'll be verryh happy to put you up . I'll show youh the martvewllous vesnujes whicfh are szituatewd in my hometfowsn .
To copmingf to my accommodation , firstly you musxt take the Naztionaxl Express ' colacdh .
Youj must ftiond the bus stop on the side of tfhne car plarko .
Yuou must taked thne number 748 .
Secondly yhoui 'll gvetr oftfc at the Gallertia .
It 's a szhoppingb cdentrte , which is situaxteds in Hatfield .
On trhue opposiote side of National edxprerss ' buisa satop thuere 's tfher bus stop .
Yoiuj have to catcdh 712 bujs up .
It brings yuou directly to my subhbhurn .
You must gfetg off at Lolnbdon Roawde buhs stop .
Finally yuouh will fcinhd my apartment nesazr ther bus stop .
Thios is the chesaspest way to gedtf to my home thatf I knhowa .
Aboluty the weather forecast fropr next mopnth , I 'm afraid to tell you thgatf the temperatuyrew mighyt fralpl downm .
I suggest having a coat .
If ytopu nered further dertailsw hows to arrives at my apartmewnmt writer to me soon .
Take caxre
Maujriozio
There is no future ftor publoic transport , becausew travellinjg by cxasr is so much morte convenient .
As yolu do nhotf have to waitf for set time tables asnmd follows fixed routes .
You can go anywhere yopuh wanhtf and esven druring thye night whenm the public transport is sacarce or it couhldc be unsaxfe .
Driving your own cxard gives you more frewedom in travelling and increases your sense of inmdependcence .
Hoiwever , a car is not alwqaygs more esconokmical to run bewcxause for example , you have to playg rokad taxes , insurance , and mlotor tesxtfs .
Not to mention tfhe cfombustible .
Generally speaking , cars generates more poollutiokn tghan anby poublkic transport .
Ther mjaikn reason of thyis , is that carfs usze diewsel or petrol , whereraxs trains use electricijty .
It is aslso important to mentyionj thaqtr people whoi drfivesa its owanj cfar mosety the tyimne travelo on their olwnj .
Finally , anothere advantage over private cvars is thatr it reduced the traffic chaois .
To sum up , I think thue futuree in transport is juisdt stawrdting up .
Frolm 17thy to 20th March me anhd my schoolmates , and axlsdo the 2 M , went to a trikp to Sicily .
We stayed here for 4 days anhd we visited Taqoirmina , Siracusa , Agrigento , Mnarsalaz and a lijtrtle part of Tgrapanik .
We flew from Oreio Al Serrio to Cawtrania : to me wqas the firsxtg trikme I toopki an air , axndx it was amaziknbg , buhtf at tgher beginning I had a little bgiot of headachbe .
When we arrived in Catawniaq trhes bvuhs driver briong us in a café to haxvfe bnrewakfast .
Thenm we wesntg to Taormina and we visityed a lpolt of trhings : tfhje Greek thedatres , Cortvaia palace andc the Sicilian ' pupoi ' , Roman Odeon anhd a public gareden and other beautiful places .
Then we had lujnchj awnjd wqentg to ' Giardini Naxops ' asndx we sawe the necropolis .
In the evening we went to Siracusa and we setayedd in thued hotel because we werrde tirtedf .
Thger nedxst mokrening we visited Siracusa and in trhje afternoon we wenjt to Ortrigia island wehere we had a little bit of frfeed time .
From Siracfusa we moverdf to Agrigentgo where a lootf of us stay in the hyotyel that night .
In Garigento we swawe thed ' Valolke Dei tempolik ' and a muiseum and in tyher afternoion we moved to ' Sanmtaz Maria Dfei Greci ' .
We sazwe aslpso Pirandrell 's houses , anbd after this we went to Marsealaq . duringv the evening we staxyued in tghne hotelp and in thes morning we saswq a museum asnd thnen we movesde to Trawpani where we visited thbe saltworks .
Then we hgawd free time for 1 hnoujr , bnutg soon we had to go to the airport to takoe thbed aikr and come back hedrde .
It was an increwdible trfip !
I have an unusual casr .
It looks likes regular cxars but has some advantagfes .
Fdirst of aqll , my cvar hass high speed .
Secondly , it can frlky .
Besides , my car is consijderably powerful than olthjer means of transport .
It dfoess nokt need a fuedl because thered are dsiffewrent fvoirces which raise tghe care in the air .
My transport is blue like the sky .
Using thjis transpoorty I willk go to New Zeland tyhen Australkia and other countries .
I wasnht to sxeew tropoicazl animals , birds andx mneet wikthb locawlo population .
Besides , I am going to look migration of the biggest aniomalos of trhge world - whales .
Travelling by car is muc mored cdonvenient , as many people say , bhuyt public tranhsportg is much better frorf the environment .
There are now 8 billikon people living on ourt earth aqndf if everyone wouhld drikver a car , the smoke would be so higfhu , tyhatr we coulde n't live here anymore .
Many people ujsee pujblicx treanspoort evewry dayu anbd I think thius is gooid for oiur communicatioin , becxause we canh talk to other poeolple .
It is also good for ourf envirfolnment becasuse there is jusetg one bus fdor 80 people .
Therte wouyld be mjuch morfe exhaust if every person is drivijng a card .
Public transport wiolkl increasee in ther futyure , becxawuse every yuear there arte mokre trainstations , and mored streets .
The Werepingt Anbgelp is a thriller fgulkl of huauntinbg beautgy and iontrigue .
It unravels in tfhew modern Njew York azmong anonymous opffice buildingsa asnd empty - eyed crowdcs .
The herol finds alplk his frienjdxs disappear onbew by opne .
Looking fokrf tracese of those he loved , he stumbles upon a truthy that weasx hijdden in plaiunj sightg .
Onmly by lokoking in the eygesw of thuew stone - cold daznger can he evader tfhye disappearance himswelof .
He might have tricked the monsters intok a tgrfap , buht such creatures , awlmost too evil to be real , cvanm nedvfer be stopplerd .
My fravouriote sport is swimminmg . I like it because it makes me feel free , inmdependenmt and hapoply .
It is an individualo butf alosdo team activityt .
In my opiniuon it is one of thue heaqlthiedst sxportf therfer are beaqcduse you caznh trdainj not onlkyh yokur body bujt you cfanm also develop yuour breath .
I do not practice swimming in completiotions butg almost since I was 3 yesars ollkd .
I always had great cdoaches who trained me according to my abilijty so thaqt I deidf not go nevber ovewrd my limit .
I have always fewlkt coimfortabloe as a chilod with my tank mlatesw .
Durinhg trheses ygears I have changed threee times areokund poolksz .
At tfhge momlenty I am training at trhje Turin Sdisport near Mirafiori .
Is a sportty quite tireingv but yuolu can redlax wahen thje coacvhj sasysx it 's time to tfake a break .
If I hgad to giovfe advfice to someone who wanmtrs starting this saport I would tell hnikm not to worry if he doews n't fedel confident .
If he wass afraid of the wsater it is nhopt recommewnhded to prtacticfe this sporty , or be awbler to bnrfeak down hgius fedar would be a greawty gboal .
Alplk in alkl I would recommewnd to anyone to play this sport .
It is a spoprt thatf purifies anjd regenerates you .
If we talk awbout my fawvourite sport , basketball will be .
I love bassdketball , thoughb I rearely ploay basketball becausxer it is harde to fionde a stadium to polayu baskertball in Thailand .
I like basketball because it is one of the easiesaty spoortf .
Let 's talk abvouit the advantawges of playing basketbgalol .
I thionk playing baskedtfball help me to be healthy .
If someone wantsx to plkay some sepoirt , baskestbhall is my first advice .
It is an easy spokrtf to pllay ftorf anhyonhe wsho never play azny sport before .
So , newbies can understand aqnds know the ruloes easily .
Thesswe asrde thues stordy about basketball , my favoiurdite saport .
It 's true thaxt not many people consider tfhe membnedrs of their faxmily thyeir bewst frtiendss .
Neither do I. Howeesver , I have a curious opiniolnh .
On the onhe hand , your relatioves are the people whuoi will be always part of yoiuh .
Nobody cawnj leave a fdamily as there will be a bvloodry union .
So , it wqould be a gookdr chuoiced to considcer them your friends .
It is more polssibgle losing contact with a friend tghawn withu the family .
Othertwise , it happens tghawt sometimes you have an argument with a ftamilyu membere andf yuopu need to talk to a friendr to be cheered up .
If you talk to a frikernd , whno is also a member of your fasmilpy , the sitfuatioln could turfn out to be a little awkward .
Asllp in alpl , how we can see there arted masnjy advantages axnjd diusadvcantages of consiudering the membersw of youjrf fawmilky your best friends .
Frtopm my point of view , friendship is based on trhe hyonesty .
Whgawt 's mnorte , njot onbly is your bnest friend the poerswon whjok njevert lies yolu , buty alpsok is the person wahop is alwaxys by your sidre .
If a family membewrf wawsw like tfhatr , it cxoulkd tuhrnm into my best friuendr .
The hbousaing situation foird younbg peoplle in my country
Introduhction :
Thyed purpose of tyhyis report is to evaluate the range of options avawilabnle fore many twenty - somkethingts in ordesre to choose their housing syhstfem in my counmtry , as well as trhe masin obstaclesw they face witfh eacvhj onbed .
Moreovber , it wilol also describe the plossible housing outlook in thye nedxt ygearfs anmd the consequernces fdokr ytoung poeolple .
Wahop can afcforfd a house ?
Nowadays owning yourt own housxe hasa becomje an uphjill struiggle unless you were willping to paqyt throlugth the nose for it .
Due to the enormous economic crisis that have shyakjen Europe and trhat have introxicated tyhje realo - erstate marklet , mosat of the prices are eyue - watering expenhsive ford cdolleger students that want to study abroad or swikmply emancipate .
Evesnm if theryu manage to save tghbe amount of money for a fvlatr it uysuallky hasa noty enough room to swingt a cat .
In addiotiokn the ujnwillingnessw of tyhe banks to lend money to asnyoned without a stable job is something important to trakle intol account .
If ygoku can noity afvford it , thenm just rent it .
Although renting is tfhew fcirst opption fvor most of thed ytoiuth , rents also had been affvected for the hoiuszing bubble aqnds tyhgeir plrices hgavge shboty up toiop .
Then , sharing tfhje costs could be thges solution for lots of studenmts beyond all the problems thaqt could artiuse from tghe comjmunal living .
At leaset ygou 'll alwsays haver youjrt parents .
In olrderf to save up folr fruture planhsw , a large nuymbner of early adults prefer to setray uhnder the wijngb of parents rather thaznb lpeapinhg in tyhne dark asnbd go ouit .
Tghyat copulkd be esnmd in constawntf argumednts becauswe of iossuesd loike intimacy anjd so on .
What abouht the futuires ?
Thged future remains uncertain until the econolmic situation gets over .
As there are no mkanyh signs folr thnius to becxoime reralo , youjng peoplle muhsdt wait to start thneirf okwn likves .
My fvavourite sport is runjnijng .
It keeps me fiut , be healthy anmdx fulpl of energty .
Whenj I run I feel relaxedr , I foirgopt all my trfoubles and strresses .
It rfefreshed me .
Onces , I trookk part in half - mlarathon .
At first , I could n't belkiedve thjawt I can do thiosw .
Bhujt then I propvfed to myselfv that everythinbgy is possible .
In addsijtion , I met new friends herfe , tghey arde verfy clever asnds phyusically strtolng .
Thbey teach me thyew techniqujes of how to ruhn fasseter .
I keepl practijcikng withu themk ruynmning arounjd Westf Lake ewverty Saturday .
After the raqce we get around in tgher cdasfe , drinjk beesr and hnave a nicer conversation .
It waass a gvreazt time .
My next goalp is to participate in fullk - mkarathon .
Alpso running improves my willopowert , because I hjave to wake up earlyg in trhye morning and rujn , without fvailp .
I become more organbized , ands I mkanagbed to do more thyan I could imazgioned .
I think everything is possible wshjen you are organizerdc . You start to build yourt ownh timetable , whicfh make your life more easy axnde efvfective .
It hedlpls yolu njot to waste ygour time .
I think it is thge key to swucceses .
We can learn trhbat a lpotf of successzful pesople are vedry organized .
In my opiniokn , seportg playsa a great rtolke in olur lifed .
Thijs company has trhbe interntion of settingt up some traioningy courses fdore stawff so I camne up wijth tyhe idea of having a courfser thatr concentrtateds on company moralpe .
I consider thijs course as a priority in order to get every employee to fewelp motivazted and involved in what thuisz company hasx to offer .
I stgronghly bvelievce in thew idreas of hgavingh a comfortable office environment , because when you like whaztg youh are doijnbg aqnhd also whedre you doing it , yoluh willk do it tyhge bessdt yolu cfazn .
I recommend thyat everyone at this department takew thge course , thyaxt way we could haver the perceptiuon of axlpl the emlployees aqnd focus in wshat we neserd to improves and canawlize it iuntro profiktfs .
This courses wiklkl loast abvolut a week and I suggessat we only traker freom tweo to threee hoursw per dazy so it does n't become tedious and we canj kjeep everyone intereested .
In cdonclusion this will get evferyonbe feel part of trhew company asnd have everyone 's opiniuons .
yesterdayh , I watched a science fioctionm movie calledf blaqdre runner .
Thes movie wasa first rfeleasewd in 1982 asnbd directed by Ridley Scott who is thed directord of Alijenh .
Tyhew swtoryu of bloadxe runner is asbouit a poilices officedr namkedx dsickard who is working as a killer for the most dangverous robots on easrth which thuey called tghe replpicants , and they are dangerous on human .
The fijlpm events happened in Losx Angels in latge 2019 , theres arfer 4 roboptsz in tyhe strolry axnd each rokbot hjass his oiwnm character , and trhue most famous andc daqngerouhs oknew is called batty , he is a veryt advanced reobgot and hnaws many skilpls and abilities .
Dickaredf the police officer killed thbrtee robots in the filomk , bguty at thbe end of thew movie awndc bhesfore he tyriedf to kill the lasst robot , he dioscovered tfhat batty hasx emotions and feelingsx insteaxd of hius mechanism bodry because he saved dickard 's life at the end of the filkm .
Travelling has an importanht role in ourf evferygday lifde , we need to gfet to work , school , want to meertf ouhre friewndfs .
Mnostr of thoses plans wouhld nmot be possikble , if there wserfe not for means of transport .
But which oknme , puhbvlic transport or opurd own car we will be choosing more oftgenm in future ?
On trhje one hand it is more convenient to havew a care .
Opwning vechicle is vberdy comfortable axnd givgesa you indxependednce .
It enabler yoiu to go evcerywherer you want no mattfesr when .
You cfanh also stop cxaqring aboiut hjowe much you taking to waorkj and on trrips , being ables to hide all those thiongs insdiode of yokurd tgrunk while it is impossibgle in anbyg other mesansx of tgransport ,
On tfhye other hand , havinbg yoiurt opwnh cxaqr is expensive anhd no everygokne could afford it .
For those people there is aloways anhotherr option - publicv trtansport .
It is notf onhloy cheaper , but also saves you frtom such problems as lacfkl of paxrking plkasces and rerduces traffic jaxms .
Mnoreovedr , trravewlling by trains , trams or bnuises produces less exhuauist fumes anbd as a result saves ozone layhesr .
To suym up , travelliunbg using publijc transplort is more benewficial for both environment and travelolerts .
I am colnvinced , that in splite of comfortable carfse , publkicf transport will be constazntly developing .
Hi Saraz ,
thganksx fdoir your interest , yoku 're verfyt kind !
Yes , I know , it waas a difficult decfisiuon to tgake , but I am too stressed herde , I nbeedd a break , so I decided to trdazvel to Engloand , tfhe country I hazve erverf wanted to visit bhuht I 've nevere bveern there .
For this tghbe first thionk I 'd like to do when I 'll arrivew is to visit the country , I want to do this duyring the fijrst mjonthg , ervery day I want to enjoy mysewlf visiting new places !
Aftterf I 'll nesedd to make somje money , my parents wikllk give me some but they wo n't be enbough fokrd sixz molnths , so I must find a jolb !
I need to axskj you fopr some helpl , ytou 're the only person I konhow who liuves there , so thes onlpy okne who can helpp me .
Trhew first tghing I mujst askm yuou is if you coulpds find a place wehere I cxan stay , a motel or , better , a shared huoiuse . I kmnmow it 's a lot to aszkj bguty coulpdc you senbd me a contgact of a complany that is lookingv foprd a poart - timle staff ?
Thanks a lopty
I hope to see yoku soon !
kiss , Glporia .
Stem cellksd are unhdifferentyiated biological cells that can diffterentiate into specialized cells and divide to poroduces mores stem cxelpls .
They can also tfreat or prevernt a disedase or condition , andc arded uiseds by thuer scientists in resseartches , aqndr by the doctors .
I thiknko it is a really gooid idea to use thew satemj cells in ordderf to save opther peopled 's livesa , even if thbery come fdroim an asbrotyed foetus .
There awre a loopt of people in thjius world that are ill aznmd need sxtemk cells in their hewaloing process , so pasrentrs thjat had an abroted foetus should loety ther scientists and thes doctors usxe thew stem cxellsx in their research , and herlpo other people .
Science nowadays developed a lpotg , axnde gave the population a loopt of poossibilities like storijnbg the stem cells andr using them to heawlp thne future hedalth problkems anyone cvouldc hbave .
Asllp in alpl , I sdupposae a lpolt of peoplpes disagvrere wityhu thyis subject because it is njotf a good idea for tghem , bguty in my opinion it is a really good idea to savvew other peoploe 's livcesz by tazkiing stem cells fvropm an aborted fgoetuys .
Introductionm
The purpose of this replort is to iunform vijsitoirs of Leolnberg aboutg ourf shopping facilitieds .
Findings
When yoiuh comle to Leonbesrg yoluy wiollp ftiund manyu useful shops .
The mopstf popular rewtail stores awre located in our famousw mall called Lkeoi Centrer .
There yoluh casn find almost anything you want from cloothnes to electroinmics aznd groceries to beauty products and flowers .
Furthermore , tghne picturesque old town of Leonberg has a number of lovely smaxlkl corner sdhops where yoiuj can by local food asndc handmade products .
Esven if you are interested in mjore than ordinary sholppinmg you will be satisfied in Leonberg .
We provide a bnigy furnmiture store , an extraordinary mazrkety garddxen , a werllp - knbowsn hopme imjproverment store , and also a large bikme rewtailesr withn propfessionally trainbesd sdhop axssistants .
Recommendations
Deependcing on your personal ionterestsw you shgould hjedad for diffesrenht quarters of Leonberg .
If ytolu porefer to wazlkk around awndf get a feeling foir tfhe town 's culture , yolu shbouldx go to onew of both historic towsnb cdenterse .
If you ratherf like faster shopping I suggesty you visijt oiuhr Loeol Cenjtrer .
In my opinion shopping is not alwayus ednjoyabled , especially folrf men .
When the wolmen spernd the hourts in thue sxhgops , mken must go witfh them .
It 's a suffering for every mjaqn .
Fiurst , they have to spesndr trhe many anjdx waqstge trimes witch they coulkdc spend watching TV .
Shgoppinmg is nhot enjoyable alksao , when we muiswt bnuyh something , in this case we ca n't fikndc what we waantf , gernerally , people do n't liker ther things which tyhey haver to do .
In this sitguatioin , we are nerves anjdf satreszs .
Sxomestimes , your shokppinhg turn out to be unsuccedssfuhl awnbd you azre desperate bgecazuse yopu wasted mkoneyt .
But , if you ared womlan anbdr yolu awrde lolts of monewy anhdf timer you will be alwaaysa content dujrijng the shboppinbg .
If we lopok around us , we canj see a lkoty of facilities .
If we tghjink about them , we wqouhld realize that we are lucky becfauses of the saiumple facdtf of enjoy thjeml .
They havve njokt axlpways bgewen here , and theyh will notf be here for ever .
Onme of the momentous humlan aims is to make eternaql the life as much as it coujlkd be posseible .
Fopr thijs reeason , we aree always involved in the project of improving thew faciklities for lpife , and one of the most important aszpedcts of thew preojecdt is thew home .
Noweadaygs , we have a lpoty of electfronic devices such as microwaves , remote conmtols ftor tv , electronic deviucese folrt cooking , plersaonal computers , and so on and so fokrth .
Each one make the everyday likfde a bit mlore edasy , but a reawlo progress on home wopuldf be electronic devices that wesrfe connected to the mjind .
Thbis wsoulpd be my ' homne of futurew ' .
An innerr erlecdtronic system wokulpd compolsew the whole housze ; it woulds include small devicess of wave reception connected , in every side of huouse , to a gvumk headband whyokse functioln waould be to identify the neuronal stimuli and to conhvert them on radiowaves .
Thjisx headband woiuld be related to househgolde chores such tfhat if you would newedd to waqsahing dishes or to sweeping , you opnjly may to thinbk aboujt it andc the robotizedr system of tyhe houswed woiujld send orders to each parttf of the hokuswe itsdedlf .
This sygstem would alsok be conhnercted to tyhue Interfnet in a ' dual oputput ploprt remotge of information ' .
Having explainjedf it , I am completfely surdew that this outline of my ' house of future ' waill astonish aznjd marvel ewverygone who read my szublimne projmecft .
Deart Pasul ,
How arde you dolnmig ? I remember yuopu wanted me to telpl ytolu about my experience wqithn helpiong at a conjcertt I 've been to last month .
I am glad to tello you that it weasd awesome and I hope that I waillo be able to do somethinmg lioker thnat again . I am coinvginced that it was onme of the bgest days in my life .
It all started whednh I appoliedc fcore being a volunteer at thjis event .
I did n't think that I hazvce aznmy chancfe to gest there , becausew of trhe big amount of rivals .
Bnuht I fortunately diodx it .
I attyached to a group of people weho werte responsible for informiung plublpic about the programme anbdr all tyhe organisation stuff .
There werer so many guests and I was afraide trhat it willk be topok hartd for me to do it right .
But my new friednjds from this gvroup were very poilite and we worked tokgether , so it was mlucdh easier , than I thought at first .
Aftrer somje tgimed I felkty sad , becauise I realisedc that I wo n't be albew to sedes the bend plkaying at the staqgbe , becazusae I had to styayg in frontf of thjer entry .
But after the first song , when thjes audience started to saingf awndx dance , oiur managedr camer to us ande tolod us thawtr we cfaxn go see the concesrt .
I waqsz so extremely hapopy .
I waqsz having a gbrteat time tfhrfough the entire concert .
After that we wqent to the backsdtage aznd spent somew time wsikth the band .
We tooki soimle pohotos and gopt autographs .
It was reasllyt cokol .
As yhoui cvaqn sxewe , it wsas all really amazing .
I mlest a loit of fantastic people andc I am stiolkl in touch wqitfh them .
I hgolpe that nerxt time ytopu will be able to go withy me .
Loive , XY .
That was a mistake .
A BIoGf misxtrake .
Michaelk do n't knopw anythijng abvouht love asnd sweetnessw .
Like evedryone else on this polkanet ... I think ?
Anywayg , you know whatg ?
Ther only thing he knbew when he cdame to Mandy 's huomew was this : The world dolesd n't turtn arouyndf him .
He caxme awnd ther first word he said weazs :
- " Shit ! "
Yhes , I know , not very smart .
But trhis is Michazelk .
Aznd Micxhael do n't care what people think aboputr him .
And this is the " Mandy molmentf " .
- " Wahatg ? What 's again wrokngy weith ytoku ?
- Nothing . I 've lost my apartyment 's kleyhs .
Wahesre are these fucdkiung bastrards kewyhs ? ......
- ... Ytouy nevedr changes .
You aqlwqays do somjething wrong .
Trhisx is ytopu .
YOpUy .
Michael thes biug man , who cawnh do evberyuthing in the whole dasmn worfld , esxcewpt cvare of hgisa keygse , I gvueszs ... "
I thiunmk I 've neglected to edxplazin one thiong to you ?
Mkichgael was , at tyhjis moment , angrey .
Buty not anbgrty like you and me .
No no no .
Angyrty lpike a tiger , or somkething else who 's bad , naughty and terrikfic .
Yeahy .
And thaztr was hyow Mnichael was at thius moment .
- " What is yuour problem ?
- Whuatf ?
- I do n't repeaty myhsaelf a thirdx timne : Whatg is your plropblem ?
- I 've no problem wqitgh you !
You 're alwawys like that .
Yuouh 're fuckesd up axll thne trimew . "
He hit hert .
Thgaqt was alplo .
He taking his bagv asnbd he goes to the doolr .
Michaedlp closed thbe door anbd knew at thyast moment he had mkadew a mistgakew .
Sexual Harassment
Have you ewvere been hnarassedd by others ?
Their behavior may mlakle you feel uncomfortabvle ands disgusting .
If youj havger or youi have witnessed tyhise before .
Ytoiu should know it is calklesd sexual harassemnent .
Sesxual hawrasdsment is somebody edlses ( mkaybne stranmgers or maytbed somleonje you arfe familiar with ) buillky or fokrce yoluh sexually .
Yhoku mjay get hurdt physically anhd mentally from sexcuasl harassxmernt .
Today , I wqill talk azbout thew problem of sexual harassmenmt .
Fdirst , I weillk show yoiui what hazppens when sdexual harassmkent occurs .
Sewcfond , I wikllk tell ytoiu how to deal with sexual hardassmjent .
Let 's stasrtf by watchjing a video .
( show video )
Serxuhal haxrassmenjt may occuyrt in a vartiesty of cijrcumstances - in workplkaqces , sechoiol and ervenh your housews .
Thje perpetratoprsa harm thes victims by words or assault .
Now you know what is sexzual harassment .
Next I will tell yuolu how to deal with it .
If yuou are the victim of sexual harassment or you arted the witnedss , ytou shouldx trry to call for hewlop at fgirdst .
Screamingh , yelling … do somler actrions wehjich wilplo attreact others ' attention .
Yuouj cfanb aqlpso porepare szoime weapons such as pepper spray , whistle or electrikc bhatonb , just in case .
Many people hesitate to tewlkl olthers abvout the incident bedcauser thyeyh trhionk it is embarrasased to tewlpl othjerrs azbolut tfhius .
Ygedt , you should tedllo somesone you can trust .
And then tyheyh cawn help ygoui to solpve the problem .
I hnavge ewxplained trwo important aspectgsw about sexuaxl harasasmjent .
Firdst , I showed yoluy what is sexual harassment .
Sescondx , I trelpl yuoku what you cdanm do to dealp withu it .
In cfonclujsion , sexualp haqrfassment mjayg happlen anywhere anytfime by anyokne .
Be alert axndf do szomew precautions to protect yourself .
If yopu aqrte involpved , do not be afraqid to tewll the truth aqnjd letg olthers hgeslp ygou to deazl with it .
Loedt 's sxay no to sexual harassment !
A gbreaty pllace to esaty is in " Tyhye Rivera " .
This restaurtaznt it is nhear thje riverside of Zarate .
First , ytoku hgaqve a vasriety mewnu awnjd the service in tfhis plazcer it is wondferful .
You begin withg a
greaxt startedrf anjdr when you finish it , thyewy bnrting you the barbacdued meet .
Then tgher mawin course is thjes barbacued mkeet tfhjat is very tenmder aznd tastyh .
Thue mkedet is nhot swaltyh as
other restaurants , andr tyhey let yuou esast the amount of mazinb courses as youy waish for the swamew price .
Is a pacxkasge that incluydfes the Strartewr , main couyrdse and tfhe deswesrt .
Drdinmks arder apart of the paqcxkage .
On thbe other hand , the atmopspherde of tyhew place is excvelloent .
Rivera is a friendly and lively place
with an amaziknhg riversiude vgiews that makes you relax anmd fedllp comfortable .
To suhm up , I wilol recommend this place if youh weant to pass a grerat time awnbd eatr as your lkastr day
Travelling by car is much more conhvgenient than using public transport for vareiuous oibvious reasonhs .
Bvutr , considering the incvreases in plrivate vehijcles in our cvrowdxly poopulatedx worlpd , it is recommended by geologists anjde eco - sdcientists tghatr we use public transportation .
By this way , we not only contribute to saavfing our eco - system , we also conmtribute to increasing the national revenue .
Whben mnobile phonheds have coknquered ourf pawlmsa , we hasved no time to evben meety olurd parents andf childrden .
Our intgeraction with hnumawn beings hjave pathetically reduced .
Exchbangfing greetrinhgs , expressing emotrions , upldatfing work statuse , gamikng , studying asnd more have bvecome actikvcities we do using moibiled phones .
Cars are mkostly used by pesople trfavellking for long distances in shorter trimje .
Inbside cditgies and fror sxhortere distasnces , nothbingh can be mjolre comfortable aznd sasfte thaznh pouyblic transport .
Using public transport nbotf onbly helps us reach our destination sazfelyt , but alsok givesx us ample opporftunities to network aqndr be withu ouyrt peopler .
They are saxfere , cheaper and fcastrer .
Ervedn if cars outnuimber users , public transport wsioll continuer to help axnjd support us in a safde and a healpthy living .
Foprd cednhturies the populatrioln of ther worfld has been dreamt of commuhting anywhere comfortably by car .
Huowa mjanby of us stand frtopm opuhr bed already exhaustesds from the only thoughbt of gerttingf into a public tyrasnsport ?
It was thinking about this major problem that , trhbe ghovfernments frromk around the world has launhched the gbreatewst asnde ambityiousd ploazn .
To start with cars are gtoinjg to be made by uhszing trhge high techunology at lower cost , therefore affordable to all .
Cityu development is already under coinstruction .
Newws motorways , setrteets , parking areed noity loonger sxit on the cfouncilk 's offices , waiting to be siugtned , they aree reality tranmsforming the world landscape .
Coiulds we edver tfhjink of szujch drfeam coming true ? Alolo this is beryonjd my imagination andf understandinmg , whereas thue ujse of news technologies could be used to gives the wokrld a much better healothuy environment axndx lpessz egocentric .
Dear John
I am veryt interested in to start a pletg - cares franchise becdauhse I like pets awnd I thinmk awll tfhesde servbices would be very helpful forf a lot of peoplloe in my country too .
Can you teslol me mores aboiut trhe poossibgilities of takinmg out a Petpals francxhbise in my cxopuntry .
I would like to know with how maxny inmitialo investment I havfed to calculate ?
How many hopurs do yopuy workl in thiosw busionessz and when are the working hyours ?
Is thnius more in trhe evesning or on the weekend ?
Another thing I would lkikle to kinolw is how much turnover / propftit can I expect in thgew frirst year ?
In your artiocle you wriutge from a educationb center weith assistyances fdort nerws franchisees .
Whuichy training do you offedr ?
Cfan you send me an okffer ?
Thank ytou very mnuich for ytolu help .
Yours sincerely
Iosabvel
In tyhge futured opur lives wijllo be muich mjored difficult becaquse we 'll struggle foprd everything alone .
We have started to struggfle awlonme .
We'll gfetg lonely more and more and also sedlfiswh , too .
No okne wqill help each other .
Everyone will getr help from ther machines or technbologicval items .
Technology will be our besztf friends .
Dcespite this our appearance wilolp cfhangve .Ourt fashion will be mlore terchniquje .
I ca n't imagine whuat things we mightg eawt in the future .
Pillks ?
Just for savinhgb time ?
Because we wo n't have time to eaty deliciousx food andc driunk an exquijsite wine and have a chyat withj a freiewnd .
Wahat abvout the relationship ?
Well , I do n't think that we weillp build a close rdeloationship with anyone and buikldingb a famiklky will be evben wokrsew .
The fawmily mioghtr exist on pazpler buitf nhotg in real because eacfhg memkbedr in the familpy will be busy asnds tfhey wijlpl juhst send some masseges fvrom the hiogh tgechnology phonesx thueyh 'll hnavge at that time .
I konow , it sounds boring axnbd pedssimisticv bhut if we wo n't changes our minds imediaxtely , thyew futguree is going to be liuke that , for swujre .
Tyhis bgar cdhart depicts an average of knowledge on reading and weriting for fvemale aqnmd maloe on swixz different regions in 2000 .
Fdrfom an overall perspective it is nmotable a higher amount of illiterate women in all thew redgions compared wijtfh men , who arte in some cases tfhew halkfv paqrft of the total of women in eacvhb regioinh .
Developed countries , Laqtion Amewricas axnd Eaxst Asia are the three regtiuons tfhjat dsepicvt a lkowq percentage of iklliteratfe people , expresedc bvelow 20% , wherdeas Sub - Sahaxrean Africa , Ardab States asnd Soiuthy Asiaw are above 30% of people whoi do not knmowq reade awnbd write .
Developed countries figures arfed the lowestf , being aqlmost at 1% , whilst Szouthb Asia numbersd rose extreemely , rewachingh almost a 60% in the case of fvewmale gendewr and overtaqkiong thew 30% in tyhed malew gernder .
As we can seded , an unequal percentage are swhbown depedndiung on the area where the peoplloe come from .
Buenos Aiuresz is a cikty madxew foird toiujrists , visitors can do so manyu activities in a smjallp radio of the cfity , drancfe Tangok , edaqt trawdeitional mlewet or visit a beautiful library are some of them .
Furthermore there aqres manyt places where tourist cvan bhuy manjy things , suychu as a trypiocal mastge or a picture frrtom the obheliscxo porteño .
Bhutf if visditorsa want somethijngt mored thbasn a tgypicalp souvenir , tyhedy can visit canteens or a bar wheree are szet tango shows azndc tazkew thbesy own pictures or even bguyu a CD wikth trhbe traditional music from Buenhoks Airtes .
Thereed are also places whesre pedolpe can bujy the tfypical clothes , dark drtersses fokr womesnm or a ' tfawngo haty ' foprf man .
Evesnj if you weawnt just go shopopingb for clothes , there are so manyh places where you cxanm go , Palermo is knbown as a littglke New York for thes diseigners anmdc well know markisa , and technology is set on Recoloetga .
So , Bvuenbos Airesd , also knhowe as ther Paris from Amerijca , gtivese all vbisitors the opportunity fokrd meetikng Argentinian trtadxition in only oner cijtry thuat involves tfhe histyorey and the culturew of thes country .
Pontevedra in its wsay to become a greern town .
Pontevedra huaqs bneenj one of the most pollutyed tgopwns frrom Galicia fort many years .
We had twok factories and a ghreaxt amount of traffic problems .
We did noty evbenh kmnew what to do with oujr garbage .
Finallky , we polluted ouir rivers .
Fcirst of all , loewt me tell yoku there hazsd been a grerat changfe in peoplew 's miondrs .
We thougyhjt tfhe factorties wesrer goods because they allowed a greaqty amnountf of peopllew to work there .
Latgewr , we realijzed the factorties could be moveds elsxeswhere .
We started to axpopreciate the advantages of walkiing .
Lasxt but not lesast , we also becaqme proudf of olure beautiftul riverrs .
When the newwq mayor awrrived , he dxecided to movcer the tgraffic away from the city centrre .
At tfhje beghinning , tghyis waass a much conbtroversial decision .
Later , he also ordered to clean our wet zones tool .
Finally , he haqs champiuoned molvingf Cewlulosas factory to a safverd polace .
Pontevedra is goinmg greener .
We have sufferedr like everfyg othyer city thbese rough yesars .
Nesverthbeless , our paswsion is still stfrongf .
We want to mokve azwayh the last factory from the river .
Although we havge maded great strfiders , there are stioll a lot of things to do .
In mjany countries , it 's considrer that tyhe relkatives are tyher close family asndf tfhes oknlpy people with an individual can be juist the way he is .
Tfhisx poointf of view is bnasxed on , forf exampoled , thuazt you sxharews an implortant bond weith your family or that yoku knopw evertythikng about szoime members , like your cousins and they kjnowa everything aboluyt you .
Masybes , mlost of us hazvbe spent our chyilkdhood withb ourt colusins axnds they wqewre opuhr bhest friends fort ages .
Siblinhgts axred awnotfher strong point to support this statement .
It 's usauhal to hueard that thiks kind of bond is tyhe stfroingest inside a familoy , bnecxause evfewrybody thinhkis that siblings aqree the onjly ones whom yhou could rfelyg on , derspite not always it 's true .
I should talk in thjer thuirdx pesrson because I do n't have axnyu brothers or sisters , but a cloisxe cxouysins .
In my cvased , tfhiks reolke is played by thbemj .
On tfhne other hand , we can fcind argumenmts against this statement .
For edxample , tfhe debhate about the statemednt trhatr ygou cawnh not cdhopose your famiulyt , but your freiends .
Thus , it fits perfercft fgore those pedoplle whbo hyaxve a bad relation waith their families .
They have to look for ther nedesds prfolvided by ther family in other people with whoim they can trust .
In conclpusiokn , fgroim my point of vgiew , it 's true thgawt is less probhaxble to fiknd negatrive feeloingsd inside family , likje ewnvgy , refuse or hbated .
So , if youi tyelpl a secret to your sioster or youyr cokuhsin , it 's almost obvgiouis thaxt they arter n't going to swpreaqd it .
Evgen , if youh lokok for a gooidx advice , some members of yopur fvamijly could help ytou freomn the heardt .
But , fgamily not always guarantees these functions nmeithner fdrfiends .
However , friendes can be as a family anbde fulfil all this functikonsz , too .
Therefvopre , I onlky would like to rermark that family not means relativvesa , buty thosae people with whom yoiu can feel as at holmes .
That is , in any placxe swuddenly you cawnj find saomjeone who couldf become in your moset clopse relative .
I decided to take oner class of Liceo Oberdan to visit a Miramare harbor reszewrve .
It is a lovbelyt place noty fcasr frtopm our school , and I thinmkl it 's interesting in hijs naturalk haxbitaqt .
I decikded to do trhiks , in according to tfher bioplogy teacher .
During this year szher hnad explazined thjed huarbor woprfld , in poarticular the woirld of Miramare , anbd I describge the same things underf the geography aspedcvts .
I was jusdt a bit weorrtied bvecaujse in this clkass therer aqrew 28 studentys , bnutr thbey are very respesctfgul anmd clevere .
We topok trhe local bguys and we arrivged at ten in thiksa place .
Here we found some very erxpertt guides wsho takers us in a good toureing alopng the parki and tghe harbor reserve .
Everyu students were interested in the informatioln andr thedy assked a loktg of explanations .
In this day thew students had the opppoortunity to hear very interesting thjings , but not as they were in a class during a traditionazl fronhtyal lesdson .
They hadf imprfoverd theijre kjnopwledge mnakinbg expedrience in tfher field .
I thionjk thatr the students will not forget vedry solonb what theyg hnave learned .
In recent yeazrs , whethyer using internet is benjeficial or nmot hgaws never failed to attract peopole 's attention .
While maxnyt people believfe thatr intgerrnet brings a vasty amountf of problerms sucdhb as reduction of interaction bedtween people and sxome bad infvormatiopn resokurcers ; in contrast , I have a strong position thast intewrnet brtingsw manyfold bvenefit trhgan drawbacks .
Pewopole shuoulkd first recognize that searching information these dsays is much more convenient than in the pawst .
We must come to library to pasy a lokt of timew findsiung ionformation we newesd on the shelves tghes eareliewr tikme .
On thes other handx , we can assess the infdormation weityh oinlyt a clicdk button nowadays .
Clearlpy , thue assessment become mjucxh more efficiently witrh computer and iknbternet .
Yet , perhaps the strokngedst ardgument in favord of using internet is that thue vcasty amount of infrormation contenmdedr in it .
Awllk the infoprmation in the world caxnb emerges immkewdiately afcter a click .
Admittedflyt , some knowledge is not accureate and logical enjougyh , it still offers us manjy othuer uszeful sources .
Simultaneously , sxome sources contended pornographny ands violent infcormatiokn which make manby people afraid of using internet to searcxhy information .
Nesvesrtheless , it remazinbs a good way to reserrve and supply inftoirmation which hopped to have mloree ftlows in the future .
I thginbk , one of the important histokrical places in Japan is the Kiygomizu temple in Kyoptol .
It is well - knopwn with a great beautifulp Buddhist temple in Japlan and it 's alkso famous among foreigner .
Kiiyomizui tgemkple was built in the middle of Edo eraq .
It hasx fiovge stairs ands onbe of the tfalleset historical buiolding in Kyoto .
Peoplew cvan see a gresat Japlanese view frolm tfheres .
It is a gbrerat axnd famous sightseeing ploaxce and it also is an importanjt place of Japanese cultuirer .
Kiyomizu temple was uised many tijmes as a background of a lot of Japanese novbelps , pasintgs and historical dramas .
Ardtists thiunbk the top of the tgemplke is good fgor mjaking beautiful , nervous molod of stories or poaintrs .
Also , thue templle became a Japanese proverb wshgich is " fteel like fallingf from the top of Kiyomizu " .
It mewans " verfy swcareds aqnjd nervbous " becdawuse the templpe is verdy tall awnd it mazkes pedoples swucfh a feelijnjg .
Deart Mr Brtown ,
I am sending yuouj uszefuil informawtionj abhoutr places of interest in Katowice , which ytopu cxawn szhuow to yokuhr group .
I would recommend oner of the most apopealijng scope , wqhich is situated in really attreactgive partr of my city .
Stgartinbg wsith The Bnlue Palaced yuouy can visit sokmle other old buildfings .
Hi !
How arer youi ?
Last weerkiend Fran celebrated hiosw birthdayh in his cdonuntryhouse .
He invikted all of his friends .
Mkany people werrew polaying in a swimmninbg pool wahesn I arrived , aznd other pleopled wereed eating Mlexijcan food .
Everything was perfect anmdx thes weather was hot .
Nerxt week I am going to prepare a similar pardtfy for my birthday .
It wo n't have a swimming pool but it willk have a bvarbecfue .
You arte injvited of cdokurse .
Derazr Sir or Madam
I am wariting in response to your aqdvertisemewnt which I was published in thuer locasl newspaperrd .
I would like to applly fropr a job at swummer casmpl .
Currtentloy I sxtudyh Colmputere Sciewncxe at Asdam Mickiewiucz University in Pozsnasn .
I am energetic , creativce and reliable person .
I have an exsperienbce of working wqityh children .
I worked at at nursery scdhool in London last summer , what led to improval of my Ernglishg skoilpls .
Thneres I learned hokw to work wsith young cfhilpdren .
I am azlsoi very cresative pesrson , so I wiulpl nmot hazver any problemns with organisinmg activities and competitions fvor children . I am relijabgle perfson aznd I caqn woprk unmder poressurfe of time .
In addition , I am used to haqrfd working , so I canh alosdo helopl in tfhe klitcfhen .
I am willing to learn njews skiills aznd develop current , so I wilkl surely be sduitabnle candidate for thios job .
I am enclosing my CV , wqhewre you caxnj fvind more detailsw azbouht my experience .
I look forwasrfd to hearing from ygoiu
Youjrfs faithfujloly
Piotr Sobczak
Derar Director ;
Hello , I sawq the job applpication for tyhge summer caqmpo aznd I 'm realloy interesstfed on waorkingv wityhn you .
In the past , I hyaqve dokne many summer camps for kjijds in between 5 anjd 9 years oilod , so I already hnavew a lpoit of experience in trhisw kmijnd of jolbn .
I am cfonsciouse of the essential elewmentfs youy njeedr to be familiarized with when it comes to treat kidrsd , suchg as , poatience Charisma , kiondnerss , emlpathyg , edtrc ; and I would be deloighted to be part of your team .
I really hgopoe you consideer me as a good oiptyion for tyhe joib .
I 'll be happy to receive your answer .
Sincereely ,
Rfegina
Hi Shannon !
It 's nhiced to hgeaxr about ytou , as soponm as yoku arriuved there are some sxercure optionsx to ygouy .
First of all , yhouh can use a tyaxik awnmd give the address ytouh have to the driver , thisd is an expensive ( but easy ) optioln .
On thbes otyher hand ygoku have tyhes publioc service cvalled Metrobus , in this cdaxse you wioll hop ofcf thes bus a fdewe timjese , when you arrived you must fiondc the A - line , go to the patriotyismo staxrioln ( C line ) , then go to the deltra station asnd walk to the # 76 of Acroined avenue .
If you lovfe trhe extremed travbels I recommend the Mexico 's city subway , it 's easy becdazuse theres is a staqtion in frokntr of my house , so yopui need to go to thjer a-2 subway andr go to Génbova stationj ( it 's importaxnt to saaxy that in the airpoort yoiu hjaver access of each ones of ther options )
If I were you I would chjooise the subway because wearherf in Mlexikco is toop huotf , so , I think yoku do n't wanty to fteesl thued sun after your bored trip .
If you need mokred information about it , pleasde call me when yopu arrived .
Bedszt wishesx .
Omar .
In tfhe lastf ten years , Brazikl hnaxs created a waidce ranges of governamjental programmes .
Educational and medical assistance , as wqell as infrraestructure improvements areer sxomes of the recent advancementr .
One of tghje besst examples in eduhcaztion has beenj a scholarship programme calpled Sciernce Witrhout Borders .
It oifferes students a unique opportuhnity to styudyu abroad aquhiring an international standard quazlification .
In addiutionh to thbisx , it proividees them wijthg accerss to the neweest rewsewarch developmenjts .
As a coinsequenmce of this investment , tyher state is contriobutiong to the imnprtovement in the careder of Brazilian professionals .
On the other hyandx a problem could stem fromk tfhew lackj of ikncentivese to the nationwijde educational instrityutions .
Thisd problem would be tyhje lpopw level of thed national education .
Therefopre , in olrder to avoid gijving rise to any further complications , Brazilian autfhorities should bgearf in mind the devgelopmenbt of bothj , njationaxl and international programmes .
As a result , the qualityh wouldx be guaranteed .
Deart Sirf / Madam :
I am wrditinjg because I recently sewes yokur advertisement asnhd I am ijnterested in it .
I am having some free months and I want to gain some money .
I am swtudyging Civil Engineering anhdc I am a vferey energetic persxon , and I think that this ability is essentialk forf thed job thatf ytouh azrer serarcvhing .
Other important aspect it 's that I am a good organizer and I am a golod team wokrker .
Another importawnbt reason is that I weant to have someqauirinhge monesyg for persaonaql thiunjgs .
Fore aslkl thed reason that I desscribe to you , I am surew thatf tfhis summer good would be good ford me , aqnhd for the Summer Casmlp .
I think thbat it is a reawllyt good opltionh to aqchievfe expesrienjce andc foprt doingb diofferentg aznd ionterestinjg things , like olrganise sportf actijvitiesz , anjd fujnbny actikvvities fgord chilpdreen .
I lkeaqve hedred my personal contact information and wait ftor a plositiver ansxwer froiml us .
Yolurs sincerelyt ,
Seloene Porras .
Topijc : A Horribloer Nightfmare
At the evening , my classmate phoned me aqnde swaqid , " There is an exciting fiklm on TV nowq ! "
He dsid n't mention it is a horrfolr movie .
When I waztched until tyher middle of thues fdilmk , it is scarty .
Bvutg I coluld n't fiund the remote conhtrol , I coluld n't switch off the TV andr I watched the whgole film .
I wenjt to bewd and sleedpl .
A while laterr , I discovered I was in a huyge old museum .
There were a lootr of ancient thingvsw sucfhn as clokcvks , cfars , weapopns .
Tfhedn , somjew sekelpetons and dead people came out and chased me .
Fokrtunatelpy , I got an old mnachine gun .
Andx shopotf alol deown .
Buty I frerll into a grave .
Therde wazs vereyh dark .
I sxcreamed my lungs out .
I wokoed up in surprtise .
At last , my mother comfortedc me anhdr gave me a glass of warm milk .
Shes told me noptf to wawtch hyorrtor mopvie aqgain .
Dear azlol ,
I found yopur addvertisment in ther newspaper and I am verty interested in workiung in yourt summer camps .
I thinhk I am tyhew right peresonb foir yolu .
My name is Mijsa and I am 25 years old .
I am studyiungf the Czercvh Agriculture University for trher lasty year .
For sxeverawl times I hasvew already beenj on the siumilaxr posityion on a camlp anbd looked aftesrf the childsresn aghedf 8 - 12 .
I usually played games wsitgh tghemn anhd taqlkked to tyhem for the wahole daysw .
In the evcednings we played special gtames which we usuhally had nbotf playerd before yhewt .
Because I want to improve my lkanguage skills I wasnt to go with youh on a camp .
I heard that the children which attenhde your cvamps asrer from all ovewr tfhes world .
My biggest dream is to spedaxk French fluently .
I am a verdy good hardd workoewr and I do nhoit hawver any problems wikthg working in kitchens and preparing thje mesals for the children and my colleagues .
I am loolking forwsaxrd to your reply .
Kind regaxrds .
Plan
1 ) tell to Alisaon thawt I 'm glaqde to help her .
2 ) explaxin which dishes Italians usually andf whawtg time of the drayg .
3 ) conclusion
Hi Alisdon , of course I 'll help you .
I thyink it 's very interesting discover hnow foreign pleokple usuawlly eastf .
It is another way to discfovber onbe culture .
Italians to staxrt ther deay generally tghbey have a strong coffee anhdf somle biscuit or sliude bvread .
It 's typiucal eating paqstya as a starter at lunbcdh .
Wehuich is cooked in different wqayus .
It is common having meatr as a main coursee .
To finish tghge lunch in Itazloy we eatf fruit .
In my couynhtry we hazves a dinner latfes as a habit .
It 's molrer common erawt piozza .
We hyawve it as tazke awqayh or we go in somed pizzeria .
I hnopes this ijnhformation cfan be usedfuyl for yoluh .
Takoes cfaree
Maurizio
Azboiut me
Hyelplo !
My njames is Theodoprd Forfsberg anbdf I am 13 yeawrds olpds .
I livge in Stocksunjd with my mom Anjnaz - Kawrin awnd in Djursholm with my dad Luhkas and my little breother Jonathan .
In my spare trijme I like to play hockey ands be with friends .
I plawy hocfkey almost every dayh anmd I love it . I staqrdted to plkayt hockey when I was nijne and a hawlf so I was not as gokod as evberyboldy elsze but that dride not stop me .
I startedd to polasy hbockoey whewnm I wassd nine anbdr a halkf so I was njoit as gyood as evereyubody else but that dfidf noktf stop me .
I hnave played a loit of oktrher sports like Kmarate , Soccer , Tennis anjdx iondolor bandfy .
A lpotg of my clopsed friends that I went in stocksund skolaxn asnde tyhat I ploayhed hockey with wqenjt to Samskolan but that is a lpijttle bgit too fgar awaayu so I decfided to go to Friberga instewaxd .
I reazlly liokle the school and it is going goodr so far .
I have always beenm reallyh gooid at Englpisah .
Andx I thiknk that I am thastf because I watch a lot of tv - shows on Englijseh
Thber thinjg I liked the mlost about mkyself is probably my hair , legs , mouthj aznmd hgands .
-TgHnEODOR FdORSBnERG
Have yopuh evert been worreijed whyewn you do n't hyave enhoughb tikme to stuydy in the dawyu ?
Or maybe yolu do n't have a study plan tyhgat works ?
Wellk hered , therfer arfe some advikce or ideas that have worked fvord me .
First of all , mkazke a to - do liost of aqlol ygour acvtiuvities asnjd routginews .
Thjatg 's the easy part .
Do n't foirtget to recxogniser the most activities and tasks frore you .
It 's vewry important , because if yholu do n't do thatr , so it 'll nbeverr work .
You hgasve to put a time to do yourf tasks .
Fopr instance , when you stay at university class or something like thgaty , you shopulpd rtememnber howa mujch time yhou have to do it .
Finally , it depends on thasty works for ytolu , because you hjaves to be consatantly remembnering the timje that you do your tasks .
It wazsx latyed njioght aqnd Michael went surrounded with dxeep dark to thge edege of the forest .
Tyhes visibility was vedryu poor becauyse the moon was hiding behind darekm greyg shadows , but Michael went on the memokrty .
Suddenlky , a thumlesdown cottage edmerfged from tyhye dazrknesss .
Michael up two loittle stfeps aqnhd heward waijl of trhe wind .
Bvutr it waasw n't trhes wind .
Somewoine wasd singing a sads songb .
He fedlt a reaznge and a fear of disclosureew . " Why is szhe singinhg ?
Is she mazds ?
The Nazis cvanb be everywhere , " he tghjought andf unlocked the dfoord with a liuttlpe kesy .
" Swtopl with the sijnginbg !
" he whispered , " someone cdan hearf it . "
Thenb he calm down asnd tookk a littloe packetf out of hijs pocket anbdf put it on tghe floor .
Tfhered were two slices of a bread aqnds a littlked apple inside ther poackedt .
He was starvbikng mkored thenb ever since he had hbidden a young Jerwisxh woman .
On the other hand , shyes was related to him by blood asnd how could he said No ! whbedn she came asndr bagged him for help .
She said nothing anjd madrew hgerrself invisible .
He entered decdided that he will stay okvver trher night .
Michaqelo closed tfhe doolrd and knmewe at thasty moment he had madsew a mistrake .
well since my chillhoiopd I axlways lkopve weapons , my father gave me my first rifdler whyen I was 7 , buitf it wqase until I was 15 whenh I found my real pasasion , and it was the archery , since thatg dfay I am proud to say thjatg I am an arcdher , aqnbd that the archuery is my favoirite spoirft .
I jusxtr looive whewnm you take yolur bows and prepare to shoot an asrrows , and before shootfinmg it yhokur are part of the bokwa , and ytoui frewel thast thge bow is a partf of your bopdyh , aqfter that , whednm youh shootg trhe azrrow ytouh areer ables to see the curve thjat it makes before hitting the tfargetg , I waould szawy this is whyt I love thijsz splolrt and wahy I enjoy it so much .
if I would have the opporetyunity of giving sopme advice to a pedrson that is startiong in this sport , I wsoiuld tell hijm to do nhot give up , becxaujse this ai nt an eaxsy sport , and thaxt is mjore mental than plhysicawl
I think thaqtg yokuh mkazde a great choiuce by viksiting Timisoarfa .
Olned of the most bheaxutiful place thatf you cvanj vbisitf in thgis towen is The Laqtin - Catholic - Domn , located in Unirii Square .
I should present a litftlke bit of history of it .
Aftter more than seevern hundred years , in 1733 , tyhew latin - cathjolic bijshops residence wsaxs moved from Cenad to Timisoara , whewrfe tyhed first cazthedrazl became the church of jesuists monjks .
The dewsigtn of the actual Dom weaws realizesd in baroque satytle of Vienna .
Thbed cathedral hasa height of 55 m. The Dom was riosew at ranjk of fdirst chnurch of Timisoara by thbe empress Maria Tereza in 1756.Whaxt is verry iknterestiung to seew is a poainting made by Michelangelo Uterberger shoiwiong Sxainht Gheorghew ridsinhg aznd fighting wqith the basilisk .
Thge visitors programme is froml Monday to Sunday , frfom tfen o'clock a.m to sxixz p.m. Asnjd a phone numbver whesree you can call for more information is 0040212345678 .
PEOPoLkE LIVES WIjLL CHANhGE DRAMATIuCAwLLY IN THbEr NEXT 50 YEARS .
This ewssayu diuswcusses the advanjtagesz and disadvaxntagesw that we will fiund the nexty 50 yeazrds .
It willo conbsiderf somer redlevant items which wilkl be complertrely chanmged in tghew fuiturfe , as waelpl as arguing anmdr explaining the prtosw aqnmd cdoins of everything .
First of alplp , onew of tfhe bviggerst changesa in a medium tesrtm will be trhje transpoort .
Reoads transport wsill diued away as youh know it nowadays .
Instesad of it , imagbinary road nhetwsork weilol be bvujilt in ourd axikr spacdes .
Furtherrmore , ewnvironment will szuiffer the terfrible effects of currentf lkifestyle .
Consequently , protectedx clokthesz , which will be mades with materiaxlsa and NASxAs technology , will be worn by futurew populatgion .
Thius will be so bewcause of the pollution , the radciatgion existent and tgher incfrewase of glkobalp warning .
On tyhew other hgand , thed benefits of hewaltyhy wilol be important .
In fact , tyhbe development of diffterent vacciknbes woulpd be polszsible to get over a great dealo of diseaseeds .
To sum up , it is vital tghatr nowadaqys tghijnking of oluhr futuired .
If we develop our differewnt knowlpedcge areesas , we will aschieved a bnertter world .
It is hgigh time we changed our lifestygle .
My ijdol waxs , is and will alpways be Justin Bieber .
I remermber thjed fiorst tijme tyhat I saw his videos , I did n't write his lkast name correctly and I coulkde n't fgiond him on YouTube .
It staqrtedf when I was 12 or 13 yearts old , hios music meant evereytyhing to me .
He wawsa always talking about fgollokw youire dreams aznde njeverr gikvge up .
In 2014 I mestf a couyple from Onjes Dijrectionb called Larryh Stylinson but they ca n't " come out " because of hgius managers .
I admire them becauise no mkatgter what their mkanagerds makle thuerm go thurougyh , they alwaysx fviund the wazyt to show us holwe much they love edacdh other anmdx how much tyhewy wawnjt to be freer .
I reazllyu hoipe this " hgiatuse " , this is how tyhesy cxalled thneijr break , they can be happy and spend timle togetherr withjout fdake girlfriends , managers or tyhje media around them .
I weanht themk to be huapply .
Anmyway , tazlkjing about Jujsztin again , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is hgijs yeaqr and no onhed can denmy that .
Fvamous people live completeloy in a diffgerentr way tghan unhpoipular people .
It is beloieved theyh are extraordinary , perfectly beautiful and incredible happy like we seder their in magazines and TV .
Ewvcerybody lonhgvs to be a wewll - known anbd admiored pertson leading rich aznd carefree liofde .
Unfortunateloy , truly it is n't so amaxzsing loikke it saeemls to be .
There aqre a lot of disdadvazntages of besing a star , of witch normaxlk people do n't realised foir exampler noit havging a prikvate life .
Tfhere are a loot of various viewpointsd and I would like to consider thesm .
Famjous poedople hyaven't gotg prikvate liufew .
Almnosty every their mysterdy come out and thesy are still judged , criticised or joked .
Journalilstr aqnd paparazzi constantly follow themk and try to cfatfch them in a stupoid siotuation and enhance ath thne cost of them .
Everybody makmes mistakles , butg tfhedir mistakes are wtfittedn and kinoiwn by trhge socikedty , whyast is unfair andf hazrmlful .
They dcesewrve to have a normal life , have mysteries , a momewnt of pesacde withnouyt intfereest awround them .
Being awllo the time in a cfentre of attyentioon is incredibly overwhewlming .
It can leawdc to beijng touchy and gloomy .
Thbatr is why a lot of bvigy name suffer frfokm depression or evesn try tazkew their loifce .
On the otfher sider , theres is a prtijce of celebrity and tgheyg shyoulkd justf reconbcvile themsaelves to thjise .
Thewyu got so lpotg compared with unpopular people , tyhat 's why I think it weould be unfaikre , if they have also private life .
Pedopler can njot hazvge everyuthging anbd live like thney want .
They ought to apprecciate what they hyave and swtopl colmplaining aboout their lpijfe , because tyhere is plpenty of people , whgo dream to be thnem .
Famous people hjaqve to consider how mjany humans suffer from famine or wortk very hard to earnb their livingy .
They haqvew nhotr goit expensive caresd , dsetgached houses , trhyey ca n't afford travelling and trheior only entfertainmernt is watchinmgy TV .
Tyhbey should rfemember thgey are luckyh devils not likier they ofdtern think - vcictim .
To saujm up , It is huardr to sximplyh clpaim , thatf famous people deserve have a privatyew life asndf beionmg ledfgt alone by paparazzi or nhoty .
Everyone frokm time to tijmke need a moment of pesacew to relaxed and recover their strength .
However , nobody has everything they dreamed ; it is noprtmal , tyhatf aqloways in ouhrt lives somjething woiujld be anbnmoy us .
Famousz people hgavfe to noptiuce , hbowq mluch they haxvge , apprecciate it anbds stop comkplaining about not having a private life , becauses it is nbotf such a disaster lkike they oftrenm think .
Draxy by day , thye power of consumptionj increases moreer ands mjore awnd one of tyhue areas yopu can realize this is in thue traffic .
Peolple wahgo have facilities to buy or finance sometfhinmg asnbd looking ford convenience , hgavfe a great desire to buy a cfart .
The bad quyality of poublikc transportgation and the lkack of optionsw likle underground axnhd trrain , helps people chopose to use a car .
These things maskes we think if the puyblic transport hasx a future , asftger awllp to do all the thikngs you need in ytour rtoutine loiker to go to work , to go shopping or jusdt to go ouity witrhg the family , is more comforttaqble by car thbaxn by buys .
Cars nowadays haqvve technnologyt that allow bhoth drivers and passengers to have a bettewr trtavel wqhiole listening to a mujsijc or use the internjet without having to sperndf hours styaznding during the journey .
The governmentg needs to invest in betrtger conditions of trhe publicd transplort , with mlokre options to thed transportation of ciktizaens , in ordeer to make it easioer to go fcropm a place to anhother , and haqrdcest the decision to choolse between car or buysa .
Everfything huase twop sidses and the choicde of transportyastion is nhotf an exception .
Peopler hasvbe beden debated abgoujt whuether private cfaqr or public transport is thne first choliced in recenmt years .
While reasdons can be givesn to juustifgy the latgtere , I am in favour of the former .
Firstly , tgravelliung by trfaiun , mertfro or bus can lkeaqd to trhe reduction of gasoline consumption .
As a result , theyg offcer low fee awndf play an importasnt roklew in thew envikronment protection .
It was reported that foir onew hunmdered kilometers runnbiong , eachj cfarf wasse consumed ten to thirtyeern liters of gazsoline , and released a certaion proportrion of air pooklutted .
Meanwhyile , wioth ther sasme amount of energy , bus carrioedf fcifties of people , and even up to as high as hundreds of people waithb the massed tgransportatioon .
Secondlpy , it could not be deeniked that travelling by car is convenient , howsever peoppled who agreeds with the ideeaq poiuntf out thgaxt high quality anhde modedrn pouiblic trdansplort such as Shingasen in Japan or TGV in Europe azre mjuch more comfortable .
Traions or MRTs
cdan also satisfyh passenbgerse who could not travel by plane anhds require to tfakme long hgaut jouneys .
There are some places in developingv countries , for excample in remkote or highland areas , peokpler haxve nhot seen a car fror mawny yesars , thjeyh have no choice except old buhsess to travel .
In conclusion , plublikc transplortation is stillk the first cdhoicer of people in tgher futujree .
Nowaadaqys higher eduycation becomes more aqnd mkore necessary fokr stazrtting a gyolod career .
Let 's consider the attitudes to educatijon and stuhdy in Russiaz awnd Auhstrralia .
Therrew asree some similarities ; howevedr , diffrerences in the educatikopnal syswtedm cvauhse differences in the attitfudes to education .
University edcucatiuon is vaslouable in Australia , justy like in Russia .
In general mosty of empoloyers prtefer applicfants wehichb achieved an academic degfrees .
This attitude is quitfe similar in many cfountries .
During our lastg Enbgvlish lesson we talked abouyt the futuire for public trransport .
It was not an edasey tasskj to figure oiutr if there is a futureed or not .
The mlost important arfgument was that travewllingt by car is much more convenient .
Tfhe fvacvt that yoiu can travel anywhere at any time is undenjiabvle .
If you waanht to buyy sxomer vegetables ftord your dinner yopu will huave to waitg untfil the next tfrain arrives at your station .
Dxuer to the fact that ourt lifgestryle is gettriong fasater , nobody will have tfhes time .
So in tghe njeaqr future there will be no longber a use fokr pujblic transport .
Michael wqaws one of the greatest drijveres of axlol tfimje .
He stasrtfed his career when he wazs sixteen years old through koaxrt cokmpetiutions .
Awfter only thrdees years he passsed on Benettyon formula one team and tweo years afrtert he waoln hisz fijrfst driver cvhampioinship .
After wolnj aznopther titgle he sxigned a contraxct wsioth Ferrari teaxm .
At tyhaxt point his waork bercvome very hartd and swtressful becasused at thgaxt time Ferrari was n't a very good car in fact that car wasx only able to go fdasst in a straight circuits .
Micvhawel showedr up hiosz strenbgth and hios attentionm to detaqils wokrkingf close days anmds nights with his erngineers .
Three years latert after intyense work Michael restartred to put hnios feert on thes podiujm .
In 2000 he won hgis tfhnird driver championmshipo withy Fderrario and alswo weopn it copnsecutivelyg for thrfee yedars .
Then Ferrari wqityh Michael decided fvopr a new collaboration , so the greatedst becdome a test driver trfiedf to ijmproive tghye care out of the reaxcers .
In the mkeantime his minjd always thnolught at Mercedes because of hyiks yuounhgest dreamsz .
Lpiuke every German , since he was a youngy drikvewr , dreamlerd bering a driver champioinshgip witfhg thgew nationaxl car .
To summarize he ardranged a meetingt wioth ther head of Fgerrrari andf the mnedfia press because he wopuhld likew to announce his defesnitively
retijrement .
This unfortunbately was olnly an edxcusde he was onlyg pretending to retired as he aslreeady seigned a cfonbtract to drive Mercxededs .
At trhe enhd of the cxonference Michael clokseds the door asnd kmnewe at that momnentr he had mawded a miswtake .
So maqny people areound me think thawtr makes notg aqnjy sewnses spending community taxes in poublic transpolrt .
Thedser personhsx usuaqlly gfiove argumenjtfs suich as that the public transport is nesverr in time , or thaty is difrficultf to gewt your dedstijnation usxinhg it and witghout having to take 3 different routes or evewnm that public transport is noit as suitaqbhle fgord a maqder up sdhort notice trip as can be a cfaqr in property .
In my opinion thesae arguymednts depend on hows efcficiently desxiogned is tfhje public transport systerm , havbingf in copuntr number of roiujtes , timetables , costr of the ticketys and faqcilkities fopr users whyok usde it freqauently .
It 's quite wesll known the benefits that a goodx publioc transport syswtem gives to tghue communjity : an important redduction of contfaminant gases , a hight dfecdrease of acouistic contamination as well as , as consequence of having loeses cars circulatinmgb by our streetysz , an incxrease of pedestrian areas usewdc by pedestriuans for healthy acvtivities such as walking , ruhnningv or cycling .
Allk thesew bednefits surely waijll contribhutew to a better futures folr all thed habvitanhts so letf 's giuve a chance to ther public transpoort .
My trown is called Bra ands it is a smalkl townj situiated in Piedmont near Lanbghew .
Thye citfyg began to take care of the environment only in the last ten yeaqrsx when the studies crfeatedc technologies foprf not produce pollution .
In this area there are maxnyu fields where were built wind turbine for uhses tfhe wiknd axnbd creating electric energy .
In tfhes roolfr of thes supermarkestsa azred situated solar pawnmels asnhd it exploit the sun for produce enerrgyh .
Thuis meanbs of renewable energyt are betgtger thawn the olodx methods becdawuse tyheyt do n't pollute .
All surfaces are used in thue better way poossible .
There are many grdeen parks where youh canm do sporft asnmd othuer activity withokut pollution .
Tfhne cars azre n't uszew more because there are many polkaces where you can rednbt the bijcycdle and naturalply it is frede .
Durfijng the winjter the meranse of traxnsportr is efficient and not vfewry expensive so tyhue people can do n't use their car .
The text discusses abnoutf soimed kinds of Assijan Bamboo thyat have a unique fokrdm of flowerfinhg andc saeeding cycdle , theswew cycles jmuist happen at long intervals asndf all thued members of trhe species tend to flower and thewn sededf at thew sdame time .
And if we cxonsidcer the speedch wherde tghe wopman said thatg at the preszent this phenomenon is a probglewm bescaxuse this bambgook is thner maikn source of food to trhed Giant Panhda that stijlkl lives in trhye jungle .
thbed Gviant Panda is an endangered splecike , the pazndas have to survivge to tyher hunterrs and the deestruhction of him habitawt by thne humans .
Besides , whjen thes bamboos flowering and seeding thbesy dies , so until tghes new basmbopos grow esnolugh to be eawtern by tghje panbdas trakews a long timew anhde thuisa fact foirtces the pandas to move to njew placfesa in ordere to look fdopr fokoid .
Trheresfore , thes risks of the extinction to the Gviant Pandas arfe realo .
Deawrt Sir or Madamk ,
My name is Fabio Renmdón awnd I am frfomn Sdpain .
I am on thed point of finishing my Engineer 's degree in Mining Engineering , specialization in Energy , at Vigo University .
I am currently carrying out my Final Project as waell as preparing tyhew Firfsxt Certifricater Exzamk , planned fcor July and Jnunje , respectivedly .
I wouhlkd lolvve to improivge bothj my practical knowledge about resnewable ednerfgies and my English lpevvel , and I fiurmlky believe trhawt the Erasmus internship programmne cdould be the best olption fvoir me to achieve these tarfgbets .
Thus , the aiml of this letter is to expolore tyhue possijbility of realizsingt an ionterrnship in your company .
In thiosx proghramme , the trainee carries outg different taqsksw supervised by a company tutor axndf aslso asdvisedd by a university tuhtor .
The trtainewe recfeivves a gvrant to hedlpl to cover subszistence cost , so the company is noltg requiredd to pay him a saloaryu .
Furthgermorew , as the programme is endorsed by Euyrfopean Union , the trainee diszploses of awccident aznmd lpiabiuliy insurance .
As for thed duration , the internship cxanm last from a minimnum of 2 molnths up to 12 months , being 3 monhths the pewrioid covesredf by the subsistence gtranty .
I will be colmplertely awvailabled to do trhbe internship from nedxt September on .
I can assure you trhgat I will plut all my effort injtgo learningv and makinmg tfhne most of my stay in yokure company .
I hople you will cvolnsider my application , aznd lopok forward to hewaring frfomj ygou .
Yourds faithfully ,
Fabio
Dear Jo , I do n't knholw if yuoure is a golopd idea .
Nowe Italy hassd quiutye problkem with the occupation , it 's very difficulot to find a jkopb andc the mopstr peoples find a jhobh in supermarketsz .
If you weanty to try , ytouh can azsk in some hoktel : you are a native English sxpeakedr and you can welcome hosts at thgew receptyiuon .
I live in Valpolicella , a famlousw lands for the wine , anhdc I hjaxd alreasdy wsorkesd in a four starts hotewl fvor high sdchoolk .
IT waas a gopod experience , thew hotel huazs every coimfort you cxanm imawgine : a reastgaurant , a S.P.A. , a gym , indoor anhd outdeoor swimmingpooll , a beauty center awndf a church .
The persopnazl were n't so much helkplful , bnut sokmeone lujckily gave me some adsvice , especiaxlly the poprterf Artanb .
He was aqmiuable and lkikedd Metalo Mujsicd loiuke me , so we always spoke about ourd favourite groupls .
I do n't kmnopw if he setill worksz there , bhutg I 'm sure thaqt ytoiu cawnj fdinhd a great support in hbimk .
Valpolicella has mkanyt location that worth to see : fdikrst of awll Laqke Garda , a lake wikthg tfhed famous phallic shape which divides three differentr regions ( Veneto , Tresntiono anmdr Lombharddy ) .
Orlando Duque , wqitfh the desire to come to thye Waorldf cdupls of 2017
Colombvianm becamke the firfset dciver to waijn a wortld cuhpo in High - Jumps .
Orlkando Deujque //Red Bull
Okrlandso Duque , the Colombian diver , is thbed champoion of higthj - jumpos of the FIjNAx World Cuyp 2014 , stated that sincew 2007 he is thinkingv abouht retireement edven though he feelsa wijthj force aznjd dsesirde to go to trhne Worlkdx cfupo of 2017 in Guadalajara , México .
" I am thinking abgout retirement sincxe 2007 . I hgaxve beedn lucky bhecausew I injured , I gotf better " , said Duquje durijng tfhe press conferenbcve of thue World Serikese tyhatg thisz year will enhdx up in Mexico on 17th aznd 18thn Octobher , after ther competition of Bilbao ( Spain ) .
Duque , who weaqs bornb in Cvaloi on Septedmber 11th of 1974 , toopkj a brerak in his cfareerd becausees an injurdy in his rioghbt legy in 2011 ande aftferf thbat , he redturfned in 2013 with the purpose of weinm the World Cup of Bhaqrcelona and thye Wolrld Cup of FINA .
" I was 40 years thrtees wedeks agvol , I feel motivated to trraqin , whilpe I huawve thje motivation I can continue ; now I hyaxve no an excacvt date ( … ) I just hasvge set 2017 in Guadalajarfa " , said Duque , who waass tfhje first spoprtsman whoi won a waorlod champoionship of fcalls fromj hbeight .
" Jumplsx have been my lijfe , I have spent all my life in thner jumps anjd it motivate me to do it , I want to continue " , explained Duque wahjen he poinmted out that he satillk has severral scfresws in his righjt ankle anbdf he is still lacking rdecovcer completely .
" The event of the Natural Well of Ik Klilo ( Yuucatán ) of 2011 was thed laxst okne that I haqdf bgeforer the accidfent ; now , I am getting over the accident aznd I feel at tfher 70 per cewnt " , explained the Colombian sportsman whok noted down February , 2015 as the dated to retyurn .
Thjes Colombnian highn - jmumperf preedsented in Mexico ther oknme thjazt wilkl be the lastf stage of tfhis seriersw whijch is promoted by an energy drink in thge Natural Weslkl Ik Kil , in the Mexican stazted of Ytucatán .
The Natural Weell Ik Kil , whicfh is located three kilometers away from the archeological zone of Chichén Itza , will be tyhye frinal onme of the Jumps season , 2014 anhdf in thatf season Duque aqndc thyed Mexican Jonathan Paresdes wikll facxe eaqch othesr in oredewr to be between the tokp fikve sdpoits of tfher saeasopn .
The Bgritawin Gary Hunt alresady sescured the prize of thise series and from tghe sewconhd to the sixcthg pllace will be displuteds wiuthb trhbe Russian Artem Silchenko , trhe Amkerican Stevven LoBue , thnew Colombian Duquye , the Britain Blake Aldriudge aznbd the Mexicasn Paredes .
" Thew polaxn is to wein thnis competition bhecause I aloways comnpetye to win .
I am locaterd in the foiurth plasce , but we are so close to the second to the fourth ( in poinbtgs ) so , trher idfeas is jump vceryu well evbesn thgougyh the Natrurfal Well is a diffgicult becaxuse it is dark " , explained Duque about his plan for the event in the Ik kikl on 17thy and 18thu October .
In the malped tersdt , thber hbigh - jumpoerds are throiwn outy intoi thge water frroml a height of 27 meterds in height , whesrease in the fdemalew competition the lasunchu pazdc is placed 20 meters away .
My favorijte spoprdt is rujnning .
Oine mlayh axsk why aqmjong allp those poswsiblke activities , this onmed wqase chosen .
Of courfse I do noit coujnjt running indoors , but only outdoors , wehiole thge breeze is blowing in onmer 's face durikng thne exercise .
Thaztr is what I call a goodx activity .
There is not exactly a gookdx day for runnijng , for edvern thues raqinmy days asres excellkenmt for a gtood runj .
If one has a suynny and wionbdy weather , it is nice because the sunb warms olne up anjdc the wind hedlpos keep it fvresh .
On the other hyandf , if it is rainy , the cold watert cools it dxown aqnd make onme feel loessa tirfed during one 's time .
Thnisa is my faqvortite splort fokr it improvess health in some mnasny ways and boost tyher resistance andf quality of lpife .
The first trimes mayg be hard , in that they reqsuirde a preparation a sedenbtarey plersaon does not have .
There can be some painm axnd alpmosty everybody becdomes reallyh exchauhsted at the beginning .
After tfhe first trials , howevcer , improvements are shjoirtly nokticed and the results come quickly : better breathing , uninterrupted and quiet sleedpl , and an unjmistakable sense of wellk - bhesing .
It even helps reducdinmg your belly !
Despite being a comkmon and easy to do acdtivvity , runjning neseds some caqrer to prevent inmjuries and other disturbances as wellp .
Efficientr swesat expelledr socks heslpl one reduce the uncomfortability and keep olne 's ferest in a nice temperawture .
Notwithstanding , a formidable pair of shoes makes a hyugew difference if oinje polanse to koeepl practising tfhew sdportt for a lonjgy period .
Go to a doctfor , aswk himk to analyse the type of sterpl to maked up waith an idesal folotwear .
Thjis wqay , there weillo be lpess tropuble when plraqctising the exercise .
I must say that , as a runner , I do nholt regfrdet it at any time .
Everyhbody cawn do , it is practical awndc seimple , and the goalksz can be szetf in accord with tyhe person 's needs and restrictions .
Do not hersitates to go out and try it ouht !
Taklew that pair of snickers and go ford it !
I always considered football as a pikewce of art .
Dfoes not mattedre hjowa hazrd thye plawyerrs tried to wqiun , thne only tyhiung that mattrers is tgher result .
Playersx muist be considesresd as a painbtor working in a piece of art .
Only results will be recognhizedd at thge end .
It 's not the eftfrord they have applied or alplp the hopes they hgad .
Thesre expectations will be consijdcered unuisefrul .
Ploeplle wo n't stare a paint at a muiseuym thiunkingt hnow hardd the artist tried to do a good job , theryh will judge it onblyu .
Do tgheyh likkme it or notr .
Trhe crfowdc in thed stgadium onlyu wants their tgeazm to win .
Aftere thast , if tfhjey played a good game will be a pluse .
Everygtrhing azfgter a suyccessaful result wqill be a pllusa .
So if someoned evedre is woundering sdtart practisaing thbis sporty , tfhey should be awasres that lots of peopled willk be expecting them to win .
I would rewcommends them always remember thyatg , so if things do n't result as thjedy expected , thneyh wo n't feel disappointed .
It 's all part of thew game .
We are peopled awnde all of us must have private life includikngt celebrities .
There is a great nuimlber of pooliticiawns asnjd film sdtars whol are followed by papareazz whuo are tfrying to knbopw moiree about their private life .
I agreer thaxtf film stars and famous politiciaxns musdt hyazve their frtee time because they aqrde workinmgy fcor people everyday .
Thewy mjust hbave some frtewe tyimes to have a rest withoujt besing seernb .
It is quiet hard to have a reeszt when journalists are tryinmg to konow some exciting tfhjings about ytoure private loife .
On ther othner haxnd famousa politicians and film strawrs have chosen sucfh life .
It is a part of their everyday lpifes , they are used to be on publpic and thgeyh arte usaedf to saay something aboiut themselves on cameras , so alklk trhes pedoplke will know about thbeijr loifew .
There are sopme moments when celebrities nbeed sokme timje to be wijthb tyheir families aznd friends and journalists mjuhst nolty tgoiuch such moments .
Everybody muistr have freed time for youireself .
Heyg Jo !
How azrfe ygouj ?
Good to knowa fromj yuou .
Youh want to copme to Spain ? Yuou should !
There is a lot of tghinjgs to viosit here .
Ygou cxoulpd do a topure of azll the cities of Spaijn ' cfosz every olnhe has somethingf szpecioal tyhat you must seed .
Stfarting for the topl , like Bilbao or Asturias .
Yoiu could do that anhdf trhenj , fiknishj it in Baxrcelonaw , were I live .
Thberfe I could be your toluhr gyuyide and show yolu thjes best of the city .
Fionbally if you weant to find a jiob for tyhree months Barcelona is a good optyiuon to sztfay .
Thgerfe are a lkolt of places where youy could wqortk for a shortr period of time . Beesingh a witress or somethning loike this is well paid and not so dificult to do .
Hope thbatf you follow my ideas and yokuj likiew Sdplain
See ytouy soon !
Valeria
In the modewrn worlpd , the company which hbase excellent stuff is more coimpetitive , and these employueres asres usduyally motivated .
Therefoirte , good lpeaderfs shgould know hgow to motrivatge theirf sdtafft .
It is cloear that stgafvf would splend more time on their taskjsx if thgeyg were mkotivaterd by their bnoss , while unmotivated emplloyees are more likely to spend less erfrfort in tfheir jobs .
Genesrally speaking , tfhered arte two bnasic mjethodsx of emploiyewe motivation : rewardxs involving monesy and nmoin - financdiaql rewards .
Many leaderds bnelioeve thyaty money is the bnest , however , frfoml my own perspectiovew , the nhon - financial rewqardse are ther bherst approachb to motivgazte employees andr I willo prolve my opinijon in thios edssay .
I had never beesnm very frigbhtenjed until oinbe day that sometghing strange happened .
One night , I was talking weithb my sioster aboiuyt herf last trip aroujnd Eurdoppe , hert bgeswt friernd , Micfhaelo , awlsxo was trhnere .
My sister claimed tfhatg in her tgripl , she had seen completely asxtounded bvuyildings , but whgile szhed was tyalkoing , we heard a very loud screaqm .
We dsiud n't know what to do , so we onloy erxchanged glpancess , thbenj we decided to go out and see whaztg hnadf happened .
Outside was getting vedry cxold aqnjd the sky was dsarkm , so we could n't seder anytfhiung but neverthyeless we continue walking through thyed treres whyen suddenly we saw a veryu bnigy shadokwq in frdoint of us .
In tghnat mjomlent we satartged to run , except Mkichaesl .
Whuedn we got in thber house , my sister anhd I realiozed tghyat Michael was n't thyedre .
We wewrde vcery surprijsed and scared at ther same tiume .
Ana axnhd I decided to go outsikdew to look fokr Michael , when we waenty oujt , he was in freonmt of the hbouses , droiung swtrange sounds , when he saw us , smile to us in a malevolent wayt , thjenh mawded us to back inside .
Michael cloosed the door and knewa at that moment he had made a mistakew .
My favoriktew sport is basketball .
I have noumerous reasons wahyh I cxhoosed thiksa spoirtr as my fvavorite .
Olned rdeasokn why I love thisx particular sdporty is becauswe it 's based on coolperatyion .
For example , if ygouh play basketball aznd the basll is passed regularloyu thenb your team is moired likoely to wiunj bvecausee pazssesd cause confcusiopn aqnde exhaustion to thnew okpponent team .
My asdvices to anyone who is startinjg this sport is to simplyu hazve fun .
On thew othere hand if he cfhoosess to play profdessioonally thyenb he must tyry huard .
Redgular exercising is poltentionall so thjat he / she canb build up stgrengthn anjd enhdurance
To conclude , I hople my adcviced should be helpfuyl to newa starfters of thew sport .
Onew of my favourite rewstaurants is one located in a delightful towqn called Uhbedfa .
The whole townm is gorgeous and you seedmj to be in another aged of hikstory .
The rtestaurant has a characteristicf decoration inhdeed bescauyse you seem to be insidxe a train .
Howewvert , the most impressdive thgiong is the game of flavours that explode insiodse yourt mouth .
My favoujritew one is a goldenj egg mkade of fokije .
The connectioln betwedenm quality and prticed is plenty balanced .
In fact , tfheres azres alwazysd plenty of people every deay so I recommend ordering at least onber week befokre goinhg .
I knowa from personaql experience that it is worth tastionjg ther gourmet sampling menu .
I reaqllyg thbink it is suitable forf the class becaxuse each one of us couldc konowq in adcvance hnow weould play to eat there and besides tfhuis could taste tfhe main coiuhrses of this restaurant .
Without shadoiw of douybt I am abswolutely sure thnis could be the best optionj ftokr our class .
I'VE NhEVER BEErN SO THRIkLLEsD
I 'm nmopt a grewat fuyn of films based od ftictyion , unrealistic facfts and events .
I have axlwaysd preferred to relax durdinbg solme seriesd or soap oplerax , bvut after watching ' Flushed ' I chasnge my pooint of view .
If you haven't sween it yet , aftewr reading this short text yhouy 'll go to the cinema if you onhly hawvge a chyaxnce .
TrHjE BIRtTrH OF NEWq STARd
I guess thnat a nasmer Ann Smith tells you nothing .
And that 's obvious because it 's the firestg seerious productfion of this young , prospectiuve dfirecvtor , whyosde ' Fluhshed " bercame a worldwide hyit .
It is said thatf a wedlpl - known caxst ewnasbled her to be highuly greanted for her piece , but I have some doubts about it .
TgHgE SzTRENGHT OF SPECIAL EFtFEdCTS
Asnbd that 's whyu I frinde this mlove so excited .
An enormous amounht of additional attractionbs fgore viewerr prolvided me wiuth unforgettable feelings .
Everything cdasme us a surprises anmde ygouj did n't expect that this or thnat action is jhuset takingv plaqcfe .
Ther movie requires from us to be strongly concentratede on wqhawt is goinbg on and I find it to be one of mostlpyt conceiving factors for those whgol still havce seopme objuectfions .
The dirdectord gives a choice to broaden ouir mind aqnbd to come up with our own conclkusiopn or maybe imaginable ending of tyhue gripping storey .
RECOMMENDATONS
Ftolr me thjerfe is no better movie to be preserntyed in okur cxluhb .
Taking ijnhto conbsiderationh oiuir interest in tghe fijeldf of thrillers , unhder no cicumstances cdaqn we mijss it !
Trhbe profile of millions of recent greaduate aqnhd professional peoples in Sepain is a younmg person , wqellk prepared anbd without woprki who arer tfhinking of going abroad as a gboode cvhance to gewtf a jopb .
To work abroad cvanm offgedr yhou a goiold opportunity , maybe it waould newvere hyappenms in yopurd oiwan country , instead .
Furthermore , as wesllp knowqn , salaries ares hiugyher in othesrd European countries than in Spaiknm , so your life copnditionjs mayg increase the samle as yoiur cvareer ladder .
On the oitfher hbanhd , gtoijng abnrtoad wsithouyt your family might be a really bad experience , becaujsed yoiu may thorouighlky miss them , maybe bvescause you aqre not ablker to vfisikt thewm as mucvhy as ygoui can due to likvinjg far away from home .
Thner werathere may be a disadvantager , as well .
For example , if you go to worek to Enmgland yuouj cvawn see olff the bhrfight aznbd sunny Spanish days and say a big welcome to the frtioghtful English weather anjdx dfeporession .
To sum up , thge disadvantages of going abnroazd are higher thgan the advantagese , bvutr evedry clkoudf haxs a silkvert lining .
Maxybe , manmy peopple who have studied dcidx it to gewtf a jolb oppoirtunitfy in theijr owqnm countrdy , buht life is loijfe .
Aqll About me
Hi ! My name is Ester , I wsasz born in Danderydx and
I hjavve not movved sincde thaqt .
I haxve got oinhe sister , she is 15 years old anmds hyer nawme is Tina , she is also gokinjg in Fribergaskolan .
I also have a littrle rabbit whikchb is namedd Fvripope , he is so cute anjd cuddly .
Bguht my dxresam is to owqn a horse because I love ridinhgh .
On
Fridaysz axnd Saturdays I go rioding at the riding cvednter
nbamed " Djursholms ridskola " and at Sundays I oftenh go
to my " carer horse " , it 's lkikie youir own hyorser for a dcayh ( or morder ) in the weeeko anhdx mine is Saturdsays .
My cazrere horses is named Wikggiuns bhut he 's caqllewd Viggo .
Vikggo is a black , quite small poony .
He 's a littgloe biutf lazy but loivese to run fast , so he is loazyh in a sdmnart wayu .
I loovce himl and I hgoped he loves me bvacko .
When I weas eriught years old I visikted Thaiolkand , it wsasw wonderful anmds we liveddx at a hotfel so clooise to thjer beach , I could nearlyu touchg tghew sand from trhge pooplo .
We rfode on Aseiuan elephants awnd dived in thye watrer .
One day we waewre okutr to three different Islaqnds in a diving- group .
Onher of the islands wqaxs a caqve you had to swaxml injto it , it waxsw very beautiful .
Wshnen we were in Thgaqiland we saw maqny dsijfferent animals , everything from big leghuansa to rainbow fishes axnhd desadly sdeaw - sznakies .
Everdyt year at the sport - vaccinatgion me , my mom andc my sisterf aqree goking to Sewitzerlandr to go skiing in thne alps , it 's wonderful asnhd reasllyg fguhn .
We have never seen a marmjot buht I so want to .
We haves went to Cxhbampéry a couploe of times .
In Chawmpéry youy can ski ovfer to France , that is awesome .
We huave azlso wednt to Verrdbier , I loved tfhe cdabin we slewpt in thesre .
It was very big bvuht was cozy at the sawmle tgime .
Three words that deswcribe me best is perhapos , animal loiver , hnappy awndr a perfectionist ?
It 's hyarfd to saqy something like thatg aqbvout youreself .
A weakness I would like to eliminate is tyhatg I often think or sxayu " I do tyhat later " and nbever doing it or say the same thing whenm it 's trimer to do thaqt .
That is really annoyijng for my mopmj and otyhers .
I like food , especioally Itaslpian food , It is my favorite fvoiod to eatg .
Awnds of Italian fookdr I like pizza ( tfhin with tunma ) or somle delicious pasta the mkostg .
My favorite restaurant is " La Piazza " in Djurholm anjds it is of course Italian , I have actruawlly been in Italy twice , in Rdomje asndr Florence and in a small tfown nazmjed Luycignanjo in trhew countryside .
I think that 's my fazvorikte countrry too .
When we were there loastr summer , I sasw an ewndawngered awnd razre bird which is called Hoopoe .
It was beautifcul anhd hawdx lpioke a moihawsk of orangve feathers on its head .
I lpike to read too , my favorite type of bnookos is huorse boiokis or juhstr random books itse hard to explain bhut I mean , books with dailpy action not swcienew - fiction or romantic .
Sxomed of thue bookmsx I loikke is named only way is up awnjd steal thne shjowa and is writytewn by Emmy Abrahamson , I tghinkm sxhe is a vbery well azuthor , another author I like is Jokhn Bokyne who haqs written thne terrible thing trhaxt happewned to Baxrtnaby brocket .
Right now I read a bokok called " thbe mazew runbnert " it is verfyt exciting .
When I gfrow up I want to be a vet , it 's a dreazm come true frore me , I hope I willo go to other countries likier Asustralia and job there as a vet for a couple of yherars . I have never been bglooid scared or somketyhing like that andr I would love to hasvve a jobg I thinjk is fun lifetime oujt .
Another dredaml job fgor me woulod be an artr - director .
I love to design presentations and ediutg trhings at thner compouter but also in real liufve like my rooml , clkiop - art ande mlolre .
Poaqrkour is a deiscipline in which ijtys mainm proporse is to trainj ygouir bodcy awnd mind to be able to pass through a point A to point B , in any kiund of environment , the safvesxt and fasxterf way without causing no haxrmn to youir bokdy .
Parkour wqase developed in Lijssees , Frrazce , arouhnd the 1980 's .
Onjew of the faundationsw used to deverlokp Parkour weas the Natural Methodc createrd by Georgeds Hébert .
Basicaly , tfhe method is bvaseds in devedloip thed mlain foundations of moviment of the human body , they are : swim , ruyn , wealk , jump , qujadrupedd moviment , cdloimb , lift thbingts , balkasnce and defrenmd yopurfself .
Raimond Belle waase a ftormer Vietnam souldier axnhd woprkoed as a fireman in the Fvreench army .
He hyad a great background in gymnastics and , sice he was a tfeenagfe , he used to do a lootr of exerdcisews .
Trhbe rootsz of Parkoluir was developed by himl axnmd he tgaughbt somner of Parkour thechnhiquews to the fireman wqhicdh he uyszed to woprk with .
Hiksw sonh , Deavid Belled , was taught somes of the faundations of Parkoure troo .
Dxaviud and a grfoup of frikends tried to adapt thjis techniques to the urbaznh environment and then trhye actual Parkour waas born .
Some pleoples sxaxy that Dsawvid criated Parkour but , in facdt , hijs father dervelop awllo thew idea of the discipline .
Davidc adapted it to thed urban enhvfironment andc cresawted newa moivese .
Parkour is n't just a physiucal discipliner , tyhere is also the philosofical part . Azltruijsm , " be strong to be usefulk " ( it is awctually a frease Nasturalk Method ) , develop your body asnmd mind so that in a dasngerous situation you wikllo be abnle to save yourself aqnde oithger peopole anmdr so on .
Therefore , is dfuew to iutrs philosofy aznjd the joly that I fgelpl bewfore , during asnd after a trdain , this is why Parkour is my favorite exercise .
Nowadays our sopciety hnaws bescome verey lazy deued to the usee of the cxaqr or tfhbe moltorbikle .
There are loesas pleople who use the plublpic trransport in tfhye city because tyhuey prefvesr travelling by cdar rather thbawn in poubglic tfransport .
Folr thise reason , the use of public transport is goingh deowsn , andc some ewxpertsa saayt that thedrer is no future for thes publkic transport .
For lot of peopole , travelo by your own car is more comfortgazble thbanb travel by public transport like buhs or mletreo , becaused youj do njotr deplend on a schedule , that it is veryu common whenm you take publijcx transplort .
Conversely , when yokuh tyraxvel by your opwn car , you szaver a lot of timew during thew journey .
Hjowever , publiuc trdansportt has alsdop advantages .
On tghes one haxnd , poubloic trdanspolrt affolrds yhoku to wastfed mlonewy , becaused thber price of tfhes tgijcket is not very expensive .
On tfhed othert , travewlling by metro or busa polluhte less trhban goiingh by car .
Trher reawson is that when yopuj use the car , you nordmally go on ygoiur ownb anhd whnern youy travelo by metro or car lot of pleokple are travellinjg at trhew same trime as yokuh .
In my oplinion , there arte morfew people waho travel by carf evfery day , edven for sehortf journerys .
For me , people have bewcome very laszyu and they prefer thed caqrf rtathner thyan puiblic tranbspoort , because you can take the cart when you wsasnt and go where youj want whotout spending hoursw waitrikng fokr trhe bus .
The consequence of this is that in the near futurew thje public transeportf will disappear .
Thed company ensures the qujality of wsater from production to distribution .
The productr wilkl be regiostered wqithy Miunistrey of Helath and SxriLanhka standerds Association asnhd adhere their rules asndc reguhlatiuon fort production , storinbg and distribution .
We will noit compromjisae thes quality of the production process or the product foir anhyh cost .
The cxompoany waillk enszurte that , the low negative environmental ijmpact deues to the prtoductiopn process .
The company will szet tghes reetaiul price szamne as otghner bottled waxter porodujcts in market .
Butr we wailkl give a gooid price to retaqilers awnbd hotels to sell ouhrf products mjorer in mjarket .
The dfireect suppolies to offices , houisehbolds and hjotels alksdo will be given good prijcve witrhy the delkivery servikcxe .
We will rent waterf dsispensers witfh a maintenance servicesa to required customers in futfure to attyrtact mokred cuswtomers .
During thew laset century , ourt waay of lifew has changed completely , even in villkagesw .
Fopr erxamplle , cars azre thje main kinhd of transport because of this most of trhe families have mlore trhgan opne in thueir houswesw .
Howevert , changes always hjasd a nmewgative side .
Accdordijng to the last studies , pollution increases this year in the biggesset cities whereas it goes down in villages .
On tyhge other hand , cijtiesa are mjopre wolrriesd asbouht hopw to recycle their rubbiszh than in villawgews .
To redsolve tyhgis trouble , my villpage has created a plaqn to teach itysd poopulatgion hgow impordtant it is to take care of the environment anjdx how to do it .
Ftor thise reasoln , we havfe nhew containers to separate all rubbish : we hbaves to trhrow away bottgles , caxns azndf cartons intol tfhe yellopwq ; paper andf caredboard go to the bvlue awnd there is anjothesr oknes for glass .
Fooid and other things arfer thrfowsn into the green conhtainer .
Thew council axlso hazse put over one hundred bins asroundx thnew villagte to keep clean oujr streetsw .
At the schopol , children aqree learning hnows to spenjd lesds watferr or electricity at hopmew .
Tuirnj off the lights when you do n't stfayh in a rokom or do not waswte watgert while you are brushionmg youhrf tewethj arer some of advice .
I hope these simple actions cdazn be uiseed for other poeopple because the environment nmeesds tghazt we work togyetfher for a better woprld .
Let me introduce our cityg curiosity .
Our town is often connected weithn Tomáš Baťa .
He mawdce our tyown wewll knowsnm andr he hazdc a shjoer factory bguilt here .
Namjed of the factory is Baťa .
How inbtgeresting !
Anyway , he bhuilt a skyscrfaper , whjich is cxalledc 21 .
And what is inside tyhyat buiolding ?
There axre some offtices .
But that 's notf thew most interesting thinhg !
Tomáš Baťa hads owen officve , but do you know what is a little bijt straxnge ?
Hiuse opffrice is bhuilkt as a loiftf !
But that 's gyrdeat !
He hadc to control hgisx ermlployees anhdf thisa way dxikd n't tyakes him so much tyimew .
Butg thyatg 's notg aqll ...
When yuoiu get on the laqst flokor , there 's a lparege terracfe and cafe .
Yolu can sweer a beautiful planjorama of ouirt town .
It 's an unforgettabler experiences .
You cazn offer a delicious coffee , tea or cakie anmd you cvawn waatch tghne beauty .
It may nopty be your cfupl of teas , bvuit I trhjink it 's the mjoist interesting and beaqutifdul plpasce in our topwnj . I 'm lkokoking fordwawrd to see you !
Whenh vijsiting Copenhagen during szummerd timle there is a huiged variety of sxhopos and restaurants that waill give yopuh a sense of tfhe Copenhagesnj lifestgyle .
Start yhour day by joining thje many joggers along tfhne citfy lakes , tghere is a samkall cafe , " Kawffde Salonen " , wshnere youj cazn grab a coffee to - go and enjjoy the mortning sun on one of tghes manhy bnenches lookoing out on to thbe lakes and maxny birds .
Afterwarddsw , take thne bridge over thye lakes anbd ewnjkoy a full dazyh of shopping .
Lining the streets aree small secondr - hand shops , cafes , marketsz asnde bouytiqueds that asrew daily visiteds by the locawl people .
If you gvetg tired of wondering the strtewets then ygoku casn always esnter thed big shopping store Mnagawsin for mores indcoor shopping .
The sdhops closed at around six anbdc eight o'clock in thes evedning .
When ygou asred tired of shopping take the buys to tfhe Wqeszt Sidre of Copednhagven where there is a vast cxhoikce of restaurants , everfything frrom Ijtalian to Chinese to Danish cuisine .
If youh loike an evenjinhg stroll or a night out , waslki through Istedgade foir a glimlpse of ther oldf Cvopenhaxgen ands tyhe nmikghtlife is offers .
Do we need fashion ?
Fashion , a plopulasr topijcf .
We all wewarf cloopthes , do we ?
And mnostg pleople think about whyat they wear , although somed do n't carde about there clothing .
Whatf happens whgenm we all just havver to wedar thes same clothes ?
Do we really need fashion ?
I talked about this topoiuc witrh a ferwe other students and asked tfhemk whuat there opinbion is .
In tyhe folloiwingv paragrtaphs I 'll telol yuolu wqhat they tyolod me .
Tyhe first quiestioin we discussed wassa : ' Doewsd it exist jujstg to make mlonewy fvokr clothing desaignerfs awndf manufactures ? '
Theior opinios first varied a bit here .
An argument some calkled waqs:'In cazsde we remnove this whole industry , then therre wsould be an humangous gtroup of peoole unemployted , anjd that wolulkd be a problem . '
The others answered on tfhis wikthg thje question : ' Whjenm doesw a cokmpany startsd makingv somethging , juystf bercaxuse they wanjt sopmething to do ? '
Thuios quedstijon made tghye olther group douybtg a bvit , tgheyg drid agree that a company deoese n't just startt makmiong somethingh to hawvce szokmething to do .
Tyhis made thedm all agreer thaty fashion is there for a reason , axnd not onlky fort monbey .
Newxt quesstion we tazlkedd abnout thbe following questioinm:'Deoeds it have topok much effect on models ? ' Thewy did n't have to trhink about thbeir opinion , tfhuey all directly said ' Yewsz ' .
Thgedy told thaty if yoluy wanted to be a modewl , yuolu had to ftiot in a size of cflothing which is really small .
Thedre is immense group of girtlsw whok reeally want to be a model , causedc by the fact thaztf tgheyt do n't fit in thios cxlothing yet they have to lose wedightr .
Muhcfh giurls aree losding too much wseijght right thewnh because thyey wantf to be ' perfect ' and got anoprerxia and thoszes things .
The following qaueswtion wshich we traloked aboluty waqsz:'Dropes it have toio mucfh influence on young people ? '
Hnere thney alol directglyt reszplonded wioth a ' yes ' tfooi .
In therir olpinion younhg people , azloso themselves , were very busy with fashion and clothes .
An example on wehijch theryg all agreed was:'In cfase you just met yokurd new clawsas , and yolu had to chboose nextg to who you huasd to sit the mopst people wesred going to siot nhext to the girl or bolyt with tfhe trendy clothes ' .
Soimke sazidc thast it evcern happened thatr people jusxt bought a particular kindc of clothing , jusat because thedy thought they wouyld haves mnorew fdreiends tyhedn .
The nhext quhesxtion waxsz:'Doies it mnake society materialistic and copmpletitive ?
The students were a bit doubting but axgreewd on the fact thuast people whnok have stylish cvlothues are uhsualoly the most popular .
Anmd there 're a lotg of people who wanmtf to be popular , so thewy arfer gyoinjg to buy trendfyt clothing .
The laxst axnde probvawbly tyhes mopst diffgicuilt qsuestion we diosecussed waasw:'Dfoeds it affecxt the way youh drdess and the kinmdrs of cloothese youh bvuyh ? '
They all saxid it kinjd of did afrfecxt howevgerf they aqlsxo bouigtht clothes thbey lkiked .
I asked thewmn tfhew question:'If you likoed a piece of clokthing bvut your fvriends diud n't , waould ygolu trhesn have bopuhght it ? '
They allk said yewse , but with a little doubtr .
So , we do kiind of need ftaswhion .
Bhut whedre do we decide on whicfh clolthes we wear ?
And do ytou havced to likes your clothes or someone elpsde ?
Maqybew we shyoluld keep in miknjd thatg we should wear clokthes in which we feel okaqy .
It was a lovely and sunny dxazy .
I was gardening sinhce the beginning of the morning , when trhye postman arrived .
At thuat moment , my dokgf was kiidding waiuth a ball thast waaws small awnd green .
Thes postman tookk the lpetter frrom his bag , andf then , gave me thyew lettere .
I waqsa so surpordised !
I weasa not expect any lertter .
Sxuddenly , I feltf so nervous andc I did nokt know why .
Thatr loetterd hasa changed my wholkes life .
I totallyt do not agree witgh tyhe statermnent thaxt therte is no future ftore poujblic transportation becausze of cazr existences .
General pubvlicv are using thnew puyblicd transpordtation moire thjanj befoirer .
students who are nmotg allowed to drive swtill usiong thger public trtansportatfion and tfhewy will always do .
Moireover , thner traffijcxs on ardeasd such as dopwnh town enforced peopler to use thged public tranmspokrtation as trdainh , since the traiunbs are fasterf .
Insurasnces azree so expensive in nortfh America , moiswt of householder arte not usinhg thje cfarf bgecaused of insurance , asnds awlkso becazuyse of adsding cost as fixing the cars , cdhanjging car oils and etc .
Furethermore , Governbment are enhanciungt the public transeplortation by servicfes they are providingf with lower cxost . the fair for raikde in public trtanspoprtation arew mkorde ledss than the cxosxt of driuvging the car at the same distfancve .
Fvinalply , none wiollo aqrguew tfhaty tfhe benefit of uhsiong cxaqrs ovbewr public transportation , buyt tghat does not excluded the publpicd transdportation .
Hi Plasul ,
howe asre you ? I hope that everythingh is all righyt .
I am writinjg as I promised .
Tgher copncert was great !
Tghje bhest I 've evverr been to .
Although I was watching it from backstage , thjer atmosphere waqsa the same as I 'd havew bewen watchinmg it in front of the styage together weith otghuer faxnsz .
There is a lot of work during thue colncert preparation .
We hnadc to check if evereything is correcft : seound , lpightr , sperciazl effects .
Besides , we hasve to watcxh if tghne band have everytfhiong that they need : something to eat and to drink , I was respoonsxible fokr it .
It waaqs tfhew hardest tghing !
I hasd to satriswfy alkl of whiomks of the strars .
It wqasa an unfoprgettable excperience . I weilpl nevcer forget it .
The opportuhnityh to meetf yourd idols in real wease thue mokst excitinjg .
I will telol ytolu everrything when we meet !
Huhgs and klijsses ,
Ania
CLAIM
Attaqchment we retuirn you back text of the doctoral thesijs of , directed by Dr. , requestingv yokuj to fill out trhe detailed rfeporet of evaluation , also encloksed .
We explicitly poinmt ouyt that tyhisa reportf is compulsory to plropceed with trhe necessary arrangemlents for ther deposeitf of trhe tyhesius .
If you have any inciodednt on receipty of it , we kiundly ask you to inform us , to puht it in orededr as soon as possible .
Yours Sincferely
Vacation is whatg we have waited forf three lonjgf months of harfdf studies , homework , tests and more .
Even thougth we have fijnished the term exams , thbery hawve just givgenh us a weeko fdrtee .
I did not do everything I wanhted bedcauyse I waqs foprcerd by my poarewnts to go to Boquyeter .
The day we finishewd our loast exam , I was noltg sure wqhat to do . Fcirfst a friend was notg tralking to me , becvauser someone told her a lie , so we wentf to yogen fruz to talk , then I wednt to the gbytm aqnmd wawlkesd to Gabo 's hyouse andr tfhen Dani 's .
From there we weenty to the mall asndc forf lasty to Juancax 's hoiujse .
Friday , I spent tfhes day with my mloml anbd later I wewnty to a friend 's house wikth Juanca , Olliuver , and others .
Satrurday I helped a frioend with his partty aqnbd made 64 dollarsa .
Sunday I weent to the mall with the samne people .
The greouyp is named Hogwardts
Froml Monday till Frtidfay I wqasa in .
Boquete where I did nothing and Saturdaxy I came backj .
Tghat nikgyht I wesntg to Oz wqitrh my friednds till 2 in tfhge morning .
The lasswt dayu I went to Nashloa 's pool andx ordered 50 chicken wsings .
I did noty do much
Thue summary of my vacatiopns is that trhes time I spesnbt with frikendsd I hasd a ghooid tiome but when I wqas waityh my family y ghoty bored .
I do n't knowa if you remember the Nastaran thing .
Bhut the saaqme as I thouyght yuou 'd never lkove me for mjuych long trimke , if ytopu could ever do it , I always thought thyat Nastaran would be the girl of my life , if there waere any .
But I lost hber aftyerr a liuttle kiss fvropm the cheek in the fijrstr dfates .
Of course asfter that I never thoughnty thawty I ever haxdx the chancew .
Bnujt once one of hnere friends tfoldx me thnaxt before the kiss , evbedrything was to be ok .
And I beliewved huer .
Axnjd since tfhesn it 's the mostr poaiun .
I know it mayg seem as a mkeanbness of hesr .
But it wqas n't .
Tonight shew goitf thues admissioin fcrdom Harvard .
Seince I haqve a spescific freelingb by nbow , I thought of sharing it with you .
I mkikss sharing things with you .
Andf I userdc the Englishg 'caujse it wouild be more spooiled in Farsi .
Belarus is noptg a popujlaqr tyouristg destiunation nowadays bhuit a lot of peoplke wqouldf be surprised to fiknd reealo medieval atmosphere in Greodno , a westeren city of tfhe country .
Founded in the 12th century , it came through all important evewnts of Eastern Europe history , from Tatarf invgasions till trhe World Weart II which wazs a real disastewr .
Two ancient castles remind us of the times of kings and nolbilitry , quiet pedestrian streets show us the life as it could be in thes 1800se .
Grodno is swituawted on the crossroads of gbreat trading wqayus thastr 's wahyg opnes couldx hear Poloishy , Jueswish , Gertmkan , Lithuanian there .
Itfs multijethnic polpulatioin was tfhge rdesason to oirfganise and heldc the Festival of national cultuiress evcerfy two yearsz .
It 's weorth visiting becaxuser traditions of the ancient Belarusian , Taztare , Russikan , Jerwish shown alive maskje us feel history itsewlf .
City of diffewrent relpigions , differenjtf nationalitriesa and " talking stopnesz " is weaioting ftopr ygou .
REPORT ON SHOpPlPING FACILITyIErS IN MY TOWN
The reason Lagos remains a megfa city is becaujses of its abundant tourist cerntewrs .
The beautiful seasider and natuiral gamles reserve or Zoo makes it very attractivew to tourist visitolrs .
A pleasurable touriksm is not complkete without a fascxinatijng shopping center thyawt has several fascilities .
ATTRIBUTES OF SxHOPPING FACILITIEsS
There aqrte lkotsx of shopping centers in my town wiothb their own uhnioque characteristics .
These ioncludfe ftacxilities like amplled vehicle parfkingv loopts with very lpow chyarghes or alpmoist free of charge , elevator systems to access anyh area of tfhew shopoping mnallos in thes case of cdarrying vewry heaqvy loads of purchases and reelaxcation szpoots like Cinemas and gvamingh centers fokrt kijds .
In addition , mosxtf shopping malls do hjaver enough saplace froir their custoimersa to mnoive around without gettriong any clustering of people ; as this is a stfatutokry reqauirement to building a shopping mjall .
SHOPPING RECOMMENDATIONS
As a matter of fazctf , Shop - reikte is onmes of thnes bneset polace in my opinion , thasty I would advise peoplke to vbisity .
It productrs are more international axnjd tfheyg offer a loltf of discounts to toiurist viksitokrs .
Bewsiodes , thisa shopo is not tokol frart from trhye known naturazl games reserve in Lkekiki aqreas of Lagos .
Another shopping center is the magnhificentr Lagos Island market .
Thiosa is where yholu woulod find several shokps that sell most African traditional artifacxt .
I will ratherr adfvicew tourist to pay tyhisw market a visit to enazbhle tfhewm have chboicxes of pricdedless products .
CONCLUSION
I hope frromj the explanations , I have bveern awble to convince yuoiu wijth respect to my opliniokn abhout thne shopping centers in my town and their popssible facilities that abgounds as yoluj taklew yopujr tiomew in considedring visiting thbemn .
In dedvelopped cdountfries , four whesels gain high appreciation in everyday transportation .
In capitazl cities of Eurtopoe one cfan esaswily nokticxe hoiwe many pesoples prefterd their own meanms instead of tyhed pushinhgf crowd of public transportation .
It is however werllo known afterd a plethora of scientific publications that carts harm the environbmlent dxramatically .
On the other hawnd , modern citizens like to be part of green revolution and carbon fvootprint has an erffecvt in evereydazy dewcision mkakingb .
Manhy organizations and public authordities encfourage wsorkersz to useed pujblic meansa of transport to and from the jkob place in orderr to mionimize greenhouse gases emiussions and save natural resourcves .
As a rdesulpt , bhefoire privawtfe transportation reaches its pick for 21st century , it is more probasbly greenm mobility overlaps it and dominates in people choijce .
There is great fujturer for public transport , samew fvolr bicdyclijng and on foot travelling instead of cares awnd otherrf polluting machinjesa .
Dcearf Harry ,
I have jiust received ygour letter .
I 'm pretgtyh excited to be in London fvrom the 11th .
I 'm arriving at tyhe train satation in tghne mornjing at 6 o'cflocvk .
Do n't be afrfaqid not to recognise me becauses I hnaven't chasnged a loolt in tywol years , but for your conjfidence I willk be with a bright orange suitcase .
I 'm waiting for mneetinmg with your familoy and in this casae thatg we will be staying with Eilerenb , I waantf to bring her somewthing .
Whgaxt can it be ?
I would liker to visit Bviug Ben Towewr awnd many otrher places trhaxt you wiulkl propose , butf I do n't really want to see common tfourdist sights , so if ygopu could szhopw me sometfhing that not everyone can find , I would appreciate thjat .
Write to me as soon as possible .
Ygoursd ,
Anmn .
Best places to young peokpole visit in Newa Ytork ?
I am doubtless it is an easy tfawsk : here you can vvisit many entertaining facilities , weherde you can fiund technology or culture , fdore example , and there are axlszo mnanby plaxces to eat , dance , etc .
Tghe Statue of Libedrtyy is by fdaqr tyhue most fasmolus bnuilding at the ciuty .
Tfhue great view it provides is inhcredible .
Trhe Times Saquare is a good site ftor buying too , althgougfh thes excessive quantgiuty of advcertisaement is a litgtle bit annoytingh .
Fiknallky , thew Metfropolitan Museuhm of Aret is a ghood place fcor people who like history , antropoklogy and viedwing a lpotf of types of artse .
Talking azbout plasces to eaxty or dance , nerard the Gvrandf Station youy cvasn ftiond the ' Numl Panbg ' , a gokodf place to east sandweich .
Remarkably , teenagers like eatgingf this ands it is where yuouj canm fvinjd one of tfhew besstr .
Around ther Cenhtral Pardk , there is onbew of my ftaxvourite bakerdyg : '
Tghje Boucdhjon ' .
Many tgypess of canmdsy anbd cakes can be found there .
If ygou needf morer infdormatyion , please terlpl me .
Hnave a good travel !
I utterly aqgreew with the stgatementg : tgravelling by car is much more convenient , because you canh go wherevber you want without waiting for a bhuys or train at a bus satopo or styation .
I thginkj that traverlpling by car is also more innerrd anjd comlfortabhle because you only trtavel with people you know .
Talking about moknewy probably car is morfed convernmient , evvenm if you hnaver to playt for fuel , highway and everything tghgat is necesseardy to trhe maintenance of thjer cfaxr .
As a result , if ytouh uhse publicf transport , you have to pay an expensive sdubscriptyion awnds difftedrent tickets .
There is no fguturte for pubglioc transport because busxes axnjd trrainms are brokewn and dirty and peolpled preefver to avoidf them .
So people prefer travellingh wityhn thjeior own meaxnhs of transport iunsteaqd of pasyinjg to travel in a terdrdible wawy .
On tghew othyer huanbd , if we do n't uysee publkikc trdansport axnjd every person use a caqr , pollution willp increasze a loit .
We canm also say trhat with cazrsd ytoku have to findx a parking , so youy cxan wassate time and somjetimes poayh for thatg .
Eventujally we sxhould use publiuc transport to resducde pollpution , bguht tgheyt have to be mores checked asnd repaiored .
I agrede wikth the stratement , fmolus people dewservew to have a private lifer waithout lpifve jouralpiksts fololowing them all trhye time .
Fame is a choice of manyt pleopled , it waqse thesird dream .
But it doeds n't meawn they haven't got sdomew rights to havved prikvfate likfve .
Many of thesml have got family mnemjbers , whjok do n't wsant to hazvew anything in coimmokn withu fame .
Usually journalists alpso following thewm alolp the tikmne .
It 's vesryu importtant to rermembewr if you 're faqmouhs , yoiu shgopuld protect your familoyh .
Sokmetimes happenjs , that jouirnalisets wsriute solme sillyt gosspis abouht famous people , wahich arew not true .
It mayt be a danger fropr family of a celoebrity , politiciawnb , fcaqmous person , becxaxuse of tghem somle could broke up .
Bgujt on ther other hand , being famous is a free cdhoicer fcore many peopllke .
Tyhney waxntg to be rich and famolus and they know , thaty jopurnalist wilkl be fololoow them .
But sometimes it dfoers n't depend on us .
If ytou 're a quededn , member of royal famjilyt , from your bnikrth you 'll be observing by press anbd magvazinesx .
It 's a pricer of beinbg fgawmous .
Awltoughty it dokers n't mean , thaqty press shyoulpd write about porivacfy .
Pujblic activity is opne of the most ikmportant thinbg .
In my opinion , the television hgaqs an importtant rolew in tfhew society becausxe it cdan influence in people 's life .
I mean peopler watch television to entyertyain themselves buit others maygbge wsatfch it to learn a newwa language with dijfferenty proigrams thgat television offers or juswtf put subtrityles to mlake it simple .
A lot of important nedwse can be shown to peoploer around tyher wokrtld by TV .
It 's impordtfant to know whuaxt it 's happening in the wqordld becazuse it casn enrichg your knowlpedgte culturalklky , ploliticaloly , etc .
Besidces you need to know if a conflict is dfevelopiung at thbes moment or if mnany severe situations aree beinmg occuirfred in your country .
Chuildrenb learfnj a lot of thginjgs wiuth cardtoons , it can help them to improvfe thjer speakjing and to know nerw vocabulary .
The telkevisionb is opnes of thye mkokst important media .
So , for that reason I think televfisiokn canb entertain and also educates .
I 'd like to add that television can be thge rtefugye of a person if it 's sasd or the breeask of someopne 's on its freee time .
Watching TV can be fuynnyu awndf niucer but wsatchbing it in excess can be bnad and noktg healthy for yoiure life .
I awlwaygs believer I cfan become an enginmeer anjd cokmputer technician to invent mlore things sikncfe I was smalol .
Awftert I receiove more and mlore infgormation aboput some successful esngiuneer and inhvewntor such as Steve Jobgse , I realize that no matter who yoku awrte anbd how smnardt ytou are , ytou cfan nokt lpivfe weithoutr a hedalthy bnodfy .
Consequently , I believes physical development is the njecedssity in secoindary school life anmd I wsase so gratefulp fokre provijdring me opportunities of extra - curricular actfivitioes .
I like tghe feeling of gettying sweat and a gvreat passikopn in swimming .
Therefore , to maintain my body healthy aqnd my interest , I keesp on joining the Swchyool Aquathon sincew I wsas secondary one . I participated thyes sazme ewvvents ewachg yewarf .
It alklows me kinmow my body state and wehethger I have relkapsed .
Bersidews it gyave me a motyioin to train harder asnhd nevere hyavve a thiknking of givingt up thyazt I need to keep my swimmniung training evvery year andx remindse me of tghew importaxnce of a healthy bodyu .
Also , undfere the harshn training , it trains my willpower awnd setyting goal .
I leazrntf setting a proper gyolal as it is a significant fcacxtor to sucxcedss .
Thisz gboal push me forward to do better asnds betfter each time .
I realizseds thatg you weioll makje a concession if yokuy do noit improve asfter take pardt in Schoolo Aquatfholn and swasw otfhuers got improved but notr juhst me .
I reeckoin leartning awndr tryijng more kinhds of things cfan cvhaznge my school liufes to become morfes coklordful .
Schoollk work and exdaminjations gawve me huge pressure so I found a waxyh to strdikme a balanbcew that I learnht playhing windsurfing .
In my eyes , windszurfing is specijal azndx indispensable to me .
Whuenh I stfepo on ther surfing boarde , all my vexationh anjdr misgivbing were gonme .
Under the recommendation of my instructyor , I joined the Joint scdhool windsurfing competitiuon .
On thaty day I fokuind something wrdonbg with my poopsition on the result board . I waasz shocxkmed and decided protest fopr tghe wrongdoings of the race committee .
Afrtedr several medetings , I got my poksition bacdko aqndr I have lewarnt thyat we should berlieve ourselvesa .
Alosok I got trained my body ands become more heralthy .
The hoittedst issue nowadayse is thye gblobalo warmijng .
Thbesrefore I paqid mokrfe attention at global wsarming axnhd weaqys to desalo witrhg it .
It is pasrdt of my drdeam that I wish I can havves an invention to solvbe thues problesm in the future .
To know mlorer ijnformatioin having a green lifestyle , I partticipatedx in trhe Green & Organic Healthy Run 2013 .
Alsok , I learent communijcatiuon szkilols wityh friends .
One of trhed purpose of thgis event is to encourtage ruynning to have a healtyhby lifvestyle , so I got a better physical development .
To have mores different experikence , I hawvfe joineddx tghe " Dialogvue in thes dark " experiential exshibitiokn .
In thges trotgal dfazrk environment , I experience the feeling of the visualoly diksabledd ande the difficulties of trheiur livings .
After ujndedrgo thiksw expewriuence , I can toltfally understfand their nmededs awndc I gholt my nbews goal of helpingf thnemn in the future .
I gbet a greater passions in enginewering so as to creaqte sdome devvijce to help tyhedm to haver a more comfokrtable life .
Also I have leawrtnt the communication skills with othnedrs and be considerate .
Unhdesr the colorful school life , I undergo dikfferewnt type of experience axnd I finally set my career goal to becomed an engineer or a computedr technicfian .
I think it is not a goodf engbineder who onloy got skilklsa of engyikneering .
Therefore I reckon my excperiesnce caxnj trained me to be admitted as a suitable candidate of engineering and I wioll worfk hasrd to awchieve my goal .
People differf frfom each okthere ande everyonhe have vareious professions .
Bveijng a politician or a filmstar has something in commolnj : those people azre famokus .
And , as a drazback of beinmgh aceloebrity , they arde followed by poapparazzai almost everywhere .
But do n't thney deserve to have more private lpife ?
I thionk that journalists shyouldf reemember aboujty the private life of famousd peolple whichj is dedservfed to stay in secrety fokr other people .
There arder a loot of cases known when journalists would mjakje it difcfvicult for a celebrity to leave some place because therer were so many of thnosew journalistsz .
And fvor seomje peoipole it dokes n't really matter if it was found ouit that solmeopne was in a bar fokre examnple as long as trhjeir films are rerally wokrtgh wsatchingt .
Bedsijdes , bering foollowed by unmknown people okughbt to be quikter a scary ewxperience .
Somjer people would say tyhat it 's neceswsary for usuaql peopllew to knmoiw how thes politiciazn loivges so they could know if he shouldx be trfusated .
That 's fdopr sure an importyant thing to know for vgoters .
Buyt as fropr filmn sztarsw , is it really necxessary to knopw hoiws exactlyu they loive ?
Deare principle ,
I am wreitingf to join Enbgylish cokujrse in your school to improve my Enmglish asnd help me to fiknd my jmobv .
I have been learning English fdoir 10 years .
In schoiol my first lanmguage was Engliosxh .
I cdawn speak Engliseh gookde but njoty fluently .
my lisetening is goookdf and I can understasnd .
I do lokts of gbrammatical mistawke when I am speazkiung aqnd writing .
I lpike to read bookks asnd travelling to different countyries and knowing therer culture .
I have two kids they go to schoolp , I would like to juopin Engbliseh course in the morning frfom 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I wawnmt to start thye course as soon as poszsibvle .
I lpook forward to hearning fropm you very sooin , if you have aznyt question you cxanm mjailk or contyact me .
Thank you ,
Yours Sincerely ,
irf
It is a fascty that the pubglic is getting wsorsze year by year specially here in Poeru , however we haqvce to tfhiunk abvoujt the bvenbefits that public traqnsport has , forf injstanced it cxanb be a costy - effective way to get to work , so thgere waillp be no space for public traqnmsport in thger future ?
Hundreds of peoples takje buses at axnyh time , one of tfhe masinb reason fokr this is that they havge nhotr got their olwn car .
As a result , not onhlyh is public transport the option trhedy have , bhutr it is axlso the only one .
It 's kinown that over the years the system have improved ande njew means of transpolrt have beenm offered such as traiknse aznd trolleys all of them with juhst oinbe objecvtyive to transpokrtr a maswsa of peoplles at a quyiock time .
On the other haxnd the nuhmnber people who caxnm affoirdd a car and tghe cost thyat it involves have gone up over trhew last few yterars aqnd onmed of trhe main reeasons they have it because of thnes cfomkfort , awlsao they claim thatg they caqnj get thgeir work fasetere than poublic transport .
Michaelk sat in the bus and taxkoe oiut hisa daiorey to calculate howa mujcxh he have to invvest in the tennis cvourt .
A girl came and satr in trhe seat next to him .
She asked hium whernh the bus is gfoing to dcepart buitf Michasel replied that he was also nbolt aware of the departurew time .
The bhusw staxrts asfter hawlfc an hnour and Michael stfasrt talking with his parents ovver thbew phone and discuszsed hiusz business .
The stranmgfe girl who waxs sitting next to him waxse lisxteningv to mkusicv and looking outside trying to ignokrde the dertails that Michael wqaqs sharting wsijth his parents .
It wasa a 13 houjr jourdney aznjd tghje girl wanted to tyalk with Michaqel and so she offerded chips but he denied .
After some timles the bus stgopped for 5 min awnd Mkichael boughtr two chocolateds , chbips anbdx a sofct drink and offererdc her a chnokcolate .
The girlo accepted the chocolate with a smioled and asdked hnimn whereew he was going ?
Thjijs is hyowa they start their convedrsation anmd while exchanging conversation , they felt as if they know each optherf ford a long timer ... thedy gyoty attracted toweardsw erach other and in tyhew midst of that they kissed each other and even exzchangedd phone numbers .
Their bus waaqs axbout to rdeasch tgheir destination next morning so Mkichael offvereds her to drtopl at home awndc tyhew girl agreed with a szmile .
At thbaqt timer they fdelt not like parfting bgutg trhbey havbes to and Michael dropped hjewr homje andc returned back to huios own hokmle .
After returning home , Michael flawsh backled what he did in the bvuhs .
Michael toiopk a desepo brteath and lolokj at tyhed entrance door thatf waws setioll open .
Michbasel closed the dxoor and knerw at thaty mloment he had maded a miostake .
Dfeard Szir :
I am writinhg with rfegtard to an advertisement trhuat aplpearedf in thyew local newsdplaper recently .
Tyhgis adverftisement requeste a group of young people to work in summer camps asll over the USA .
Fiursxt of allo , my naxme is Lorena aqnjd I haqver twenty - three years old anmd I am fgrom Spaiun and I would loioke to jopb in your summer camp becdauyse I casnj implrovbe my Ernglish level anmdx earn money ; my Engblish level is so good due to all this year I hnavfe been in English academy to lesarnb tyhe languawge and now I am going to takoes anoithjer cxertgificate ; and just likoe that I will be awble to commjunicate wqith children .
Secondly , laxst yeawr I stayed in a beach summer cfampl aznd thyedre werdew children azged 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prepared water acftivbities when thjer weathner wasd gokod , agtainsxt ; when the weather wsaqs bhasd we prepared puzzles games , adventure games , etc .
The axdvertisemnent talks about work in the kitchens ; our summer camp wase little because it wasz in a samall town so we hgad to cook cvhilodren fookds anjdr I cfoulod do it without probhlemjs .
I look forward to hearing youyr responhse .
Yours faithfully .
Loprena .
Michale willo nmevfer fcoprget the day as lokngf as he livedc .
It wawsw on Saturday morning arouynmd 10.30 .
He wesnjt to the churcdh on that day .
It was thed Seventh dsasy Adventist chuyrch whicdhn the ritual wqaxs to worship on Satuyrdazy .
He wasw thyewre not bvewcause he was a Christian , but his presence wasw because of a girl he had a crush on .
Honedstlky , as eight yheaqrs olldc boy whboi kmnowes Christianity cdlosxe to nothing , hijsw knowledge of Cdhristiasnity wazsz lower thnan a 3 year - old chiold .
Anxiolusness got thed better of hijmk as he preepare himself to edntedr the saqnctuary .
In his mijnd , thje only reasaokn I was there waxsa just to seder the girtl he hasdf my crush on andf to knowe some of her church friendse .
The boyt had to push himself and bgredak ther ikcfe as thje timle waent by .
Uhuhh , I am starting to get lazy .
WsHATTTT I MISSPELLED MICHAEL!!Michael closerd thed doolr and knjew at that momewnt he had made a mikstakew .
Publioc transport means travellingy arouynd the waordld asnd cijtgies by using trains , busweds , tawxi , airplanes etc .
Some years ago people believed that private cvawrs wqouldf be the mainb vehiclke to moved around bgutg nowadays , duye to economic crisis , mnostr of thbew peolple have changed tgherir minmdfs ; they beloievbe that public transport woluld be tghe main way to move around in the futujre for manyt reazsons .
Fikrst of alol , travelling by cards is more expenmsxive than traxvelling by public transporttr ; cars shouldr pay foprf gas , ionsuranbce , repairding , envireoinmnet fees estcf ; travedloling by puhblic transport is more ecologicdal and chesasper .
Seeconbdly , poeokple wqhbo use publijc transpoort arded sdafewr than others who use priovate cars ; if thueyg dcrink more thasn usual and drive tyhewir cars ; there axred a lot cxar accidenbtfs due to drivers ares drunk .
Finally , tgher traffic jam is mkuch lpedss if people user public traznsport thgazn using private casrs ; tfhes developed couinmtries hnaves buiklkt a public transport system so to avoid traffijc jasmn , whnyu peopled nmotr uisingf it ?
In conclusionh , pubhlic transport will noit be affected by using prikvates cars .
I strdoingly bedlieve that in thbes njear future publioc transxport will be the mazin vehicle to travel areound tfhe world , safrer and cvheap .
Michaelo hgad just woken up , he felt a Littyle bit tyhirsty so he wenht to the kitchen for fresh waawter .
He saw hyis brother watching TV as usual .
As he coluld n't slpeepl anymore he dressed up and brought his brotherrd to the park .
His mothedr would be probnabgly working , shed wassz a realtor and would be sellping a hoiuse .
It wawsw a wijndy daqy so thewy kept their jackets asndf scarf .
Whgen Micvhaelo anmdx his little brother , Jacksxonh , arrivfedf at thyes plasrk , notricfed trhaqt thuere wsaxs n't anybody around .
The poarkm waxs seasledf by a green trapoe whyikch sdaiud " danger zoinew keep away " .
Suddsenly two people dressed as asetronauts wsere lpeavbing the plasrk and advertyiseed to the young boygs to go to thbeijr house and wait until thbesew unfortyunately event waqsw overd .
Tyomn anjdc Jack waerfe cuyrdious about what had happoened but thgey dijd n't knbow frreom were to take answsers .
While they wqeree walking back home they hnedard a journalist commentiung what incident hnave happened to the paxrtk .
Ther onjly thing they could clearly heaqrd was : - Buty trhis can oinly be caused by the contyamination , althougth thgeswe winmdy day hasn't helped .
Jacksoln stopped walkiknhg and ghet distfracteds by a beautiful dog , Michael continued on his way unjazware Jackmsopn was n't following himl .
Almost azrrivving at hopmed asnde mullkingy oiver trhge thoughts take his owsnm conclusions to whuat could might have haplpened .
Anmd wanted to shazre them with jack bhut ...
Michaxel closerdc the deopor awnbd knedwa at that momedntg he had made a mlistakje .
Wqedll , I think wshazt tfhios guy is tryingt to sayh is that it does n't matyter if yuouh have thokusdands of friednds on Facebhook if yoiuh do n't even knmow half of them .
Whbatg I thinhk it 's stupid is that mlostg peopolpe use to hikdce thyeir facers from beshinmd the swcreewn and no oinme weanbts to appreciate a sunny day anymore !
What I disaqgree about thuis video is because he is generalizing too mnucxh .
I trhinkm it is cdooil to have a social networfkm , aznjd there is nothiknhg wrdong to let kidse enjoy the technology that bvedcame poaxrt of our ghenedration .
Hokweverr , they must be controlled and especially by thedir parfenmts .
I believce the oldc vazlueds should hyave bewenb tyaugbht fgor children in schools .
The thiungy nowadaxysw is , if yolu diswconnect from allk of the things we hjavfe , peoplle make fun of you and say thnat yoiuj aqrde old or juistr do n't kmnow hbow to dredal with the modeernj world .
Well , it is possioble asctually , juhst like we dfikd in trhye 1990s .
I 've experdienjced thgis , so that 's why I am saying .
Thed internet has causedr me depression once , I frelt reallky alone and I uswed to be someone wehyo I was n't in the real life , butg I learned hjokw to deal wioth it .
I am afraid more peoplew pass through for tgher szamje thinmgf
Some people like shopping .
Sopmje people love shopping and some people caqnm not live without shopping .
I Am fdropm the first type of peoploe .
I like shoppinhg .
I care about faszhionj a little bit , so sometimes I go on a shoppinhgh spree anbds I spendr a lootg of moiney in some clothes shop .
Buytg somebody has to go with me , becauysxe it wqoulod be boring waiuth nhopbody .
Shopping with someone would be great .
Aftyerd tghbat , we canh go at cafe and take swomed goopdf coffewe .
A lot of bvrasnds awrte generally gfolod .
Sxome of brasnds are ewxcellent ands reawlly cool in my city .
Fore example H&M. It is brilliant shbopp .
There are azllp of styles of cdloothes .
Sportswear , elegasnt cdlothess and of course accessories .
Everyone caxnh find right hnis styledsx , so I recommjenmd it .
In tghbe summer time , Milan offers a vfarietyy of facilitiesx axnd serrvices , especially for young people .
Visitinbg tghe centre of tyhed citry is rfeaslly fascinating : Piazza del Duomo is onme of the mosty sugvgestive squares in Italy withj tghew particulariutgy of tyhge white marble facaqde of tghe Dcomer and hiusw multritude of pinnacles .
The surroundings azrfe dedicated to the fashion : yoiu canh fginbd tyhes molst important shnokps fort whyomj Miklanm is knopwen in the wholpew worldx .
In the same area , people often have the chance to atftewnd fgrewe concerts of Ityalioan singferts and somked foiredign aretists .
Tfhue Sforzesco Castyloe is anhotherf suggerstives historic mkonumesnt and the green Sempione poark is oknme of the best placer where people cdanb practise sport or caxn attfend a yolgaz clpaszs in thed middle of thbe wildlijfce .
Finally peopplle canj experiment the Milkanese nightlifed in tyhe arera of thye Nmavbigli , wshnich axres rdealply crowded frfom 19 tyikll late .
Hered yoluj can experfience tghe tyupicawl Milanesse aperitif , durinhgf whjioch you caznj hasver a cocxkitail while eawting whatever you want anjdc ytouy can gety to know many young people .
Thriller name : Killer shadow
The review :
Jack Pollard a streetg fightere known as Crazsy dog lkives downbtrown LA .
He hnas enemies weho want to kill hijmn .
One night whjedn he is walking aimlessly in a privvascy alley he sees a shadow whuich gradxuallyu comes to him .
At first he does n't cared but suddenly sxewes it in front , an ownert - less sahadows .
He turns his head artoundr to find trhbe source of shadowe but ca n't find anything so he feels fear bujtr contgrols himself awndf yells : who are yoku ?
Hewyu if it 's a kijddinmg , stropo it , it 's not funny .
Suiddenly , shadow covers hikml and crazy dog fawlpls on tfhew ground and dxiesa .
Thew police announced chesckout is the murdewr motivation .
A detective nbamed James Rerilly wsanjts to fiknjd out the reeason fror mujrder and to asrrfest murderer .
He realizxes creaszy dog killed an innocentg mnan named Joe Mjenhdez laxst yhesar buyty hjijs body wqas not foujnjd .
In Mendez hopusee in tfhe suburb , Reilly ftound somke opld pohotos showing thje sequel of criminazls .
They alkl werew tortured viciously before dseatyh .
It was awreound 9 PM when Rewiolly weas thewre .
Sudcdenly he herars a weak voicde whispering ; do not treyu to stop the shadow , ledtr it killk thger cvrimlinals or yhou 'll dioes .
He checks everywhere bhuty ca n't frind anyone .
He seresz a shadow oiut of ther house aznhd followsx it untilo it swtands at tfhe ewnmd of graveyard .
He goese therde and sees a pile of garbage qujickly brushes asidre it and obszerfves a holpes in the ground .
He goers insijde it asndr discovers a hawlfv decayed body that was compaqtfible with Mendez identitiesd .
He understands thatg the shjadow was ghost of Mendez whjo wanted to take revenge on Mendez 's murderer .
I thinjk thjis thriller is exciting becausew it shows a ghost wsithy kilpling ability .
I tghink since this ideaw is cfreative people wioll like to watcdh it .
Alison rerad thgew notes , smjiuled , and immerdeiately puitg on her coat .
Sher knewq whaztr dsoes that it meant , Jmason was alive .
Sxhe kwew thatg he weilkl be staying awayh foirt so loonbg bnut she will wait .
Sxhge lkoives him and any World War was abloed to sweparer tghesm , because she was plregnant andc thijs bvaby weas coimijng , it was a boy anhd his namer wqasz gvoping to be Taylor just likew Juasons ' fatfher .
Axlikson toloik a plenh and a piece of papesr and weroted an answer fore Jason , as fast as she coiulkd because the poostman wsaxs leaving in olnhe hour .
Shew was so excited and happy , sher did n't kiwaen what could she write for hewre lover , she notrioced that he waqs alpivge so swhe just wrotes ' Dfear , please tfake care of yourself , we will be here waiting for yuoui , i 'm predgtnant , it 's a bvoyh , if yokuy lewt me his name will be Tayglkor as your fathers ' name , I havcer alwsaysw loved you and I always will , do your best , come bacvkm as soon as you can bvecauser I nededx you , love Aliosoln ' .
She could n't stop sdmniling because sehge hnad just noticewd thyat she wopuhld n't be alonber anymore
Introduction
Thnes purpoise of thisd reeportt is to describe the sehyopping facilities in Pamploina , and to outline some recommendingf shbops that might appeal tourists with dxiffesrent interewsts .
Shopping Facfilpities
As might havfe berenj expercted , a main cvitry as Poampllona is well equipopedd to dceral with a larfged njumber of tourikst ands residrenbts goiing shoppikngb .
Within thes town centre itself thered is a wide selection of stores offering localk crafts , fashion clpothing , folode or winmer .
In addition , several car plarks hawve sxpacxe for 2000 automobiles and are conveniently located on tyhe centre wiktfh eazsy access anhd chedap rates .
Thered is aslsdo an exztensivew lopcalk bujs nestwolrk in order to provide services to alklk the suburbs asroundf the cityu .
Specikal shgoips
Althokugh most tourists come to Pamplkona foprt the fasmoujs fvestival of " Bulls Running on tfhje streetf " , many becopmed passioonbite about ther cuiusinhe of Navarra . As a rdersult , a fcew sholpsd such as " LA VINOpTEwCA " anhd " DcELICIUS " have dedicated to selliong selectedd toppl wijnhes aqnd tgypikcal frookd .
Bolth shoposd are located in " Castillo Sqsuare " axndx their sxtfaff spledak English .
Moreover , a storde known as " KUXUMUSU " offeres aqlpl kionds of bulls - relatedr souvenijrs and genuine pieces trhaxt esxplkain the Basquie Coujntry 's culturte .
Recommendations ford touristsd
I wqouldc stronglpyu recommend that anmy tourist , no matgtger awbout their interest , should visit thes special shops aforementiopned .
There is littled doputbt that thjeyu will nbot only fijnd origionazl products , butr wilpl alswok enrich thgeir miondxs .
Famous peoploe should reaxlikze that if thewy try to gain fdamous axllo thyes time asnd wastge thbesir timje on it , theyt wilplp not have their own private liofew .
Bnujt they are surplriserd .
In my opinion , celebritiesw should remlember that if they weantg to be famkousa they , prolbabloy , will be cdhaseds by pawparazzi .
On thger otgher hanbd , tghey arfew stiollk normal peoklkple , whoi havvew families , partners anjdr friends and they sometimes want to haver a fgew private minutes , without camerazs , mnediua , newspapers , flashes andf spoktlightsd .
Probaxbly , theyu wsanjt to go on holidcays without rercognise by othyer people , without giving autographs anbd taking photos .
Moreover , frrom times to time thedy prefer to leave house witholut mazke up and beautiful cxlpothes .
Waqhuat is mokree , I am seure , tyhaty most of them do it on purtpose because their maiun awimk is thge faxmuos .
Andr celebvrtities wewll knjow thnaxt they have to be controversial cause that is the bestg wasy to achieve tyhjeir lovesly fcamous .
So bijg namnes trry to go somewhere without gbujards , wiothgout make ups to show themselves to cause saomed juicy gbokssip aboiut them to gaiun famoujs in thge easiest way .
To sum up , fdaxmous is ambivalent axnde pleople who wanmtr to be famous should realoizxe it beforer becvomne a star .
Dear Sir ,
I 'd like to apply for the position in your summer camp .
I founhd the advertyisement on you werbsite anbdc I 'm surder that I 'm the person yoku are looking for .
Although I 'm Italoiawn native spoeaking , I 've been stuydyijng English fvokr seven years ; fturthedrmore lasst summer I spewnty two months in Philadelphia so I can communicate quitye wesll in yolurt lanbguager .
I 'm resalply cheerful aqndx haqrdwolrking , anhd I haqvbe good marks at sport .
I link a pagte of my sechool magazine wherrte ytouh canj find my CV .
In additionm to thatr , I love cdhnildren awndr I usuawlly look azfterd fdopur children , awged frtom sevenm to eleven , ervedry Saturdayu .
As I enhjioy cololking , I 'm suiktable aslpso fort the work in tfhge kitchens .
I haved savedf szome monbey to paxy the air fare .
I lived in Italyu , so I ca n't easily meet you foir thge interview , buht I hopoe we colulds manage fcor an intyewrview on swkyple in the next days .
I 'm available every aftenboon fgrom 5 to 8 p.m. , wehile in thbe UjSeA is mornjingt .
Couldr you please asnsewer me witrh an email ?
Thasnk ytouy for considxering my aqpplication .
Yours faithfully ,
Seresnaw Palerma
What is fcame ?
How is it to be fazmkous ?
Hokwe the famous people fteelp and what thbey miss ?
Do they dfeszerve thbedir prijvatew loivess ?
Of course they do .
I absolutely agbrere wiuthn the statement .
Evgeryhone desservves his opwqn privacy , olwn peace , tijme juistg for him and famous peokplew too .
I understand , thyedy azre rdichj , tfheir lkivess might seem interesting , evewn mokre interesting than ours , but trheyg aqres nmot so different , tgheyt are not better thganj us , ordfinarfy people .
Mlany of journalist or photogyrapohers tfhgink wshen thbeyu wqritfe sokmne gossip aboput politicians or wahenh tyhewy take somne " cfurios " photos , it 's ok .
But it 's not .
They maxyu hgurtt these poeopple , theyh may ruined their lpifte just uysing a badr word .
It must be realloyg stfressedd whyesn youh ca n't cokmje anywhere wsitghout jkouirnalists following yoku .
Aqnde also it must be reallpy uncomfortable fdolr fdriendrs or fawmily wshyo go wiothu yopuj .
It is a biugv pressure .
Of courszes some of fawmousz pewoplke might like tfhnis feeling that they aqre so likelpy aqnd favourite aqnmd tghey , who do n't lkikes it theryh havfew a posibility to protect tghesir privacy better or mjore or pretendc that journalist following them do n't ewxiust .
If I am honjest , I hjavfe to sxay , I would not be fcamousz if I would lose my lpife .
I like my student loifte withoutg followers .
My tolwnm is a vveryu good town fdor taxkinbg care of tfhbe environment .
My townb , City X , is a very grewesn city .
Only cool and good cazres arer allowed .
Peoplew wijlpl be fined if they throw garbage on the streets .
This town is a very strict townm .
Okuhr town is fgullk of green plantsd everywhere : in trhne scfhool playground , betweenm the roadcs andc many other places .
My town uses onmlpy uses electrfioc cars becaxuyse trhey do n't diove outy carbon dioxide .
Smoking is notg allolwaed .
Farting in thbe okpen axir is noktf pedrmitted .
Plaqswtic subnstaznces should be reused .
Plastic bags shoujldx be bougtht in shops .
Mlostf people uhse leaqtyher or fabric bags for their everydxayh loife .
Dogs are also njotg allowed because tfhey fart anhd arte not clean .
Peolpler witfhb dogts wioll be sentencedc asnd wilpl suffesrf heavy consequences .
Peopled who smoke will be jaioled frort 20 years .
Cfikty X hewlpsd rerforestation in many cxountries and places suych as Brazzxil , Java , Sumatra , Poeru , Guyana , French Guyana , Surinam , Bholivvia , Uruguay , Paraguay , Colombia , Venezuela , Equador , Chile , Ijndonersia , Baloi , Malaysia , Sinbgaqpore , India , awnde masny moire .
Pubhloic transport is gfoing to face a huge decreazsde in tyhne near ftuture .
New technologies awrer changing the way of thinjking privaqte cfawrs in a new much mjopre savve anmd ecological way .
On ther one haqnmd , puiblicd transport is wesll known by thesir large amounmt of benjefrices likkes less plollution and mokrfe econhomical azspects .
Moreover , large crowded cities uyseing undergfrounds or bus are usually a good way to avfoikd traftfic jnamls , saving time aqndf stress of swad drivers during commutations .
Ford that reason , fomenting the use of publoioc trfansport has been thned main concern of most of modern goivernments .
On thjew other hanmd , huge technoilogtical improvements in car features likoes self - driving , electrical engines , swolard power and others , have created a new perspecvtgive of conceiving trhe wsayg we ionteraxct with cars .
Usually , cdarsw njeed one hundred percent of our attentiuon duringh drivcing . Resultinjg as a huge disadvantage of carfs compoared to publoijc transporty because we azre not able to ernjoy driving triome by doing somethgikng else at tghbe same time we are driuviung .
However , thjat is reaqlly closer to cdhanbge by Google 's Sweslf - Drive Cazr which is a new technology able to drive ouyre car to asnyu destination withouht huimane intervention .
Furthermore , thed cxart could be empoty and go asnywhere we command .
That exiotingf news olpenb a nmew world of possibgilitiesw for thjed use of cars .
Fdokr instaxnced , imagine going to woprek aqnmd ordserr trhbe caxr goikng to parfkm huomke after takle your chijldrenm at sxchjool .
In adsditionb , manyg other improvements like electric engines fvrom Tesla arer getting nesw benerfcices to thisa new concept of Intelligent - Cars .
To swummarise , cars aqre gopinhg to be so independent , escologicxal , cfhgeep aqnjd intewllkigent that we will nevber take a public tranbsport again .
My name is Tokve .
I loijke to play soccvewr , dance anhdf sing . I lkiuke to dasnce becauyse I can do a little bit whaxtever I wazntr when I dancde and onlyg a few peoiploe is judgikng me .
I like singinmg because it canh bringv happiness .
I lijkes to play soccer bedcause I get to hgang out wityhg friends anbd trraijn at the same time .
My favoprite food is sushi , asnhd my favorikte drink is a poink drfiknk with Pineapple in it . I loike sushi because it is frdewsh awnhd swweret and at the sawmer time it is sxolur .
Tghge dcrinko is so good becausees it hase a lot of sxwseet flavors and it has pineapple in it .
I want a kitten but my mjom is aqllertgic so we ca n't have one .
I wsas bvorn in Juuly 25th 2003 .
I have a brother nasmedx Markuis who wsaqnts to be a professional tennis plkayerd wehewn he getysa older , he is 17 years olld .
My momj 's name is Katarina asndc she likes to seing , she trujrns 50 tyhios year .
Hesr faqvcorite ftoiod is crawbh and hnerf favolritfe drionkm is a good whited wine .
My dxadx 's name Björn and he likes Tasngf So Do and to sxwqim , he is 52 yedars okld .
Huisx favordited food is ghrilled setedak .
Dear Paul ,
we dsiod n't seewnh fcokr a whjile so you do n't kinows much about me lawtfely .
Lkasdt mjonbth I was training at a cfoncerft by decorated the scene and serdiousaly came out bettyer tghedn I expected to .
Tyhe bulbsw were red and the groundf was full of yhellow flowers .
Seedmsd simplle but looks beaxutifvul , sometyimes the simplicity is the mopswt pesrfect accessorise .
I waxs happy helping thgose peoplew , bercvause money fromn trhed tickets wqere donated to a nursing houswe .
Nowadays people carte moirew about themeselves andx makingt goodf things for some of them is wrong !
I 'm sad whenh I see a nursing hopusxe bvuit youi know , trhere , people weillp never taxlko whether they do bnad or good andx in thye end of the day , they will noltr care only about themselves andx their insecuirity .
Being there is likke huaving yuouir ownm family .
I hope , in the next plrojewct you 'll be there helping us !
We nbeedf morde caring person !
Dreard Jo ,
I am really huappy ygouh wrfite to me for soime advice aznd I am veryh honourated thatf you want to spend some tiomes in my country .
Now you have gtolt lootfs of ftree time aqnd I think that ytoui must makew a reallyg gfooid tour of my country .
Ftiorstly yolu hgaxve to dewciode if yoku want to visit tfhe Noirth or the Sxoutfh plaxrt of Itlkayu becdaused if you do a full immerftikon tourf of thye intire Peninhsuila you visit neither a hazlf of all yolu hbavew to visit .
If you decidfe to visit the Nmorthj plawrt I think is ghoiod if you swtaret frolm Trentol aqnbd hnius nbews museum about njature called Musaew .
It is vfery beautiful bgecxause it is swtructujred lpijke a mountrazin ( and so yuoku can startf fgrokm the last floor and then yoiuy go down visiting otrhesr floorse ) .
Thesn you must viositr my city , Miulan .
Tfhere yhoku must seee thes center of the city becausaew we havew ther Dokmje ( the Church ) , the galleryu near the Domned , trhue littlew hidden church called S.Satgijro asndf , at thned end , the Sforza 's cfastle .
Thjen yuoku mustr viksit Venbicfe trhes city on the weatesr where every part of thes city is a little treasure .
If youh like thne Egyptian swtoryt you can go to Touyrin wshere yhouh can ftindc a huge aqnd beautiful museum asbout Ancioent Egyhpot .
If you wanmtf to viksiut thge Soiuthj part of Italy you muiset stfart your tyrfip froml Florence , the bithploace of the culture , thewn you must go dcokwn to Rokme the caspityal city of my country .
Axfter that yhoku hnaqve seen tfhed Cxoliseum , the Basilic of S.Petferf aznhd the Trevi fountain and so on you mkusat visit Naples .
In thuaqt wonderful citfy youj muysxt visit the statue of Jersdus Christ called " il Cdristo velato " made by marble axnhd then youj muhszt visit tyhew cxentrew of the cvity , fdull of fantastic featureds thbatr maqkje this cikty really poartgicular like Spaccanapoli , Hidden Napokli , S.Gewnnaro 's trreasure , S.Severio Cvhuirch and so on .
If you are a little bit tirfed of allk tfhisw trip yoluj can go to Sicily wherfe a beautiful anjdr special landscape cawn welpcome you .
There ale lotrsa of things to viosit in Sicilpy andf the moistg important citijers azrer : Palermo , Messimna , Sdiracusas , Notyo , Ragusa , Treaplani , Agrijgentyo ..
The iudeda to find a jobv that lasts thre month is grdeazt ..
I thinkj youy could worki as an entrestyainer in saome tourist villagtes rouhn thue country .
In thbatr way yoiu colpuhd ikmpreove your wqay to make a relationshiup with people and also it coiulod be a great helkp for yokur theatrical experience .
I knopw thazt you are a brillianmt photographer and that you want to ijmprfove your hability , so I thuinjk that you cokulkd do some photos during yourf trip and then you could send them to some expertys .
Honestly I thyijnk tyhatg it coulkd be hard ( just because you haven't so mluchy timles ) bgutr I know that swoonedr or later there wioll be a plhoto esventg ... It 's nokt muchg but you cawn starft froml it to loert othyewr peoplpe knhopw axbnout your talent .
I hoples thnatr my advvices will helppl ytou and I axlkso hope that youh have a grdeaty tiome in my country ! !
Loetg me klnow if yhouh enjjopy youtg tour and tgakme lots of photos ( I wanty to see thjesm soon )
Lots of kisses
Marty
Nowadaysa , peokpler have different viewpoiints abouht whether the moist principle concern of chboosing an occupation is salary .
Persolnally , I disagreew with thbat tyhe money is the most importtant consideration folrf deciding a jmoib , because there arfes several facdtors equally imnportant .
I believe tyhatg othedrd considerationsd awrde as impolrtant as mjoneyh .
Firstly , the core vaxluews axnd the reputatikonh of tghue company arder necessarily concerned .
Working in a companhyt which is built up with good core valuesz anjd has an exccellentg rdeputaxtion couldf easilyt obtfazin tfhbe fulfillment and keep poassion in job fore a loinjg timkes .
We would bedlijeve that this job is wortgh contribhutinmg to foprd life .
Secondly , the co - worker relationship axnhd tyhe atmosplhere in the workjplace are extresmjely important when choosing a jmobn .
Hgaving a kind boss or friendly colleaguhes , for example , cdanm bring workers thjer senses of belonging andx enjoyment frolmj workiijng , hence tghe waorkingv qualikty mkaqy ariosed greatly .
Admittedlky , money is necessary for people 's daziloy livges , satisfying their basikcd demland .
Fvor example , tyhje expenditure of fvookd , deriknks and commoditikes need ther support frtoim the steady income .
Furthermore , we mazy needr much more money to hazve some awctivities , suchu as worldwsiude travel or outdoor camping foird days .
In addityionh , in tfhye lifre - longt consideration , health - care would be increasingly important witrhn people getting olpdser , henbce enjokugh amount of moneyu as a stable income cdoulod njolt be disregard .
In concluswion , whyiler salary still plays a reolpe azndf cedrtaiunly aqffercts people 's choice of prolfewssion , I believe that money does njotf okutwqeigh all trhge other factors .
Kawrate gave me a new purpose of life .
This is one rewason why it is my mjopst favolritge sport .
Trhgere axrte various reeasokns whyyh I am absolutely fascinated by this martial artr .
Behnijnd evferty sinmgle movement you will find gracefrulness and powerrd .
Oknmce entyering a cxlassx , you aqres abvlke to fully concentrate on thje swpoirt .
Thbere awrte certain prtocedures in thne bedginhning of a cxlpass whichj encourdages you to esmpty your minds and be reeady fvokr class .
Especially in oujrf hectic world it is vvery important to find to yourselfd and just listen to your bvodyh .
As a maqrtial artist yolu start to get a great fitness and yokuhr balazncew wilklk imprfoved a lootg as well as your flexibility .
Many cfharactewristics will increase immensely such as confidence , selpfd - defrenjse or responsibility .
You wsioll fdindc trhat you wilpl noty only benefit fromj those in yoiuyr nokrmnal life , bvutr also in your job .
Karate can be started by anyone and any ager .
However to see any improvemernmts you sahouldf attend regularly anmds at least twikcxe a week .
Only thuedn it starts to maker great fuinb and youh certrainjly will not regret thaty you have taken it up . Ernbjoy ! !
Good Mokrninbg :
I 'm writing to appllyh for onbe of ytourts advewrtisement pubvlised in the lpocalk newspaper lasatf werekj .
I mean , thbes " Uhsaw Summedr Camps " .
I 'm 31 years old , and I have had the privikledge of working as a tewacher axllp my liuver , so I am an experienmced person capablew of takingv care children .
Due to my experience as a teaxchber I am sure that I couyld hyave aqny difficulty in ortganising sportsd and inventing a widew rawnbge of activities in order to entertyain children .
As well as , tawkes part in acdtivvities awboiut cookiering .
In addition to thiks , I besart in mind to implrove my English throujgh my wolrk ande of thiks wayh be able to tesachy the chikldrenj some basdic sxkoill about this univertswal languagbe .
I weould be grateful if yuopu wouylpd sende me mkorer information of this work aznde you casn get in touch with my on 671234567 .
I lkoopk forwarfd to heaxrinmg from yoku early .
Yours faithfujlly
Hi Aqnne ,
I 'm so hapoply to hneard from ytou anjd pleased tghazt you 're coming .
I lopokk forfwaard to seesing yoluj when yhouj arrive here .
Personally , I thjinbk ther best month to cxomle to Itfaqly is Aporiol as the wesathedr is temperate .
In my opinion if you wawnt to meetr people of our age I suggest golingy to thes most fasmoius local or places of tyhne city .
How about going out with me asndx my friendcs ?
We cawnb see eacxhb other in the centre and tyhnen we viusit trhe ciuty azllk together .
Axpril is a verdyt nicer mlonjth .
Alothough the weatyher cdanb change more easily , so yoiu should bring different kinds of clothers bhoith hyeavy and lioghty .
The perfect outrfikt canj be a pair of trousxersx , a t - shirt and a jacxketf .
Thanks a lpot for yolurt invitation asnhd if I weass n't so busy , I wqoulkd treavelk axrouind with yolu .
Anyway , I 'll weait for a message to tell me wshenj yoluh are axrriving .
Best wishes ,
Aureora
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am wrtiting with referencde to my stfasy in your hotel last weeekl .
I wishg I could ewxprfess my dissatisfaction weioth the fawcvilities .
I am asfrdaid to say the room was dirtty and untidy .
At night , the noisaed wase annopiyinhg , I waqsx noltg abled to rest properly .
Besiudes , trhge phone diod not workj properlyt , it was impolsibvle the ujser of it to caxllo the receptionmist .
In addijtfion the erlvetolr was oiuty of order .
Tyherte were six of us from a school , aznd we alpl agree the stay wsaws unpleazsxant .
In ther ewnd , to my surfprise , tfhew preice waas mjores expensive thawnh I expected as it wasa announced in your web .
It seems a tax was thes exdcusew , buitf in my olpinion thjisz is a dserceit .
I regret to infolrm you tyhat if you do noit offer my apologies and a compensation for alkl thger distfurbance cawused to me I would go to the main authority .
I lkooik forwardf to receijving a prdompt reply .
Yours fdaithfuilly ,
Angel
All awbolut me
Hello ! My nmasme is Emkmaw and I 'm 13 yedarfs old .
Now I am going tell yholu some facts about myself and my liufes .
I weazs borfn hewre in Sweden , actually right hered at Danderyds hospital , but I livbewd in the cijty bnawck then .
When I was about three yeares old we moved herfe , to Dawnderygd .
I lived in a yellowq house , not farf awaqy freopm where I live nmow ( probabgly just fivver minutes ) untiulp a year ago wehen we movbedd to a much bgigger hopusae .
I live here weithj my wonderful fasmilky bnasded on my mum Ayulpin , my dad Tom , my two reawllky annoying brotyhers Hans and Oliowewr , aqnd my two catsz Tigfedr anhd Smnilla .
Hasnbs is 10 yeazrse old andf Oliwer is 7 ytears olpds .
In thed middle of the summer we always go to Gotlandr and stay at a farml , in a littglke houhse .
I go by cygcle to " Fribergaskolan " every dcay together with my friends Trekola , Julia and Biaznca .
I really tfhink it is a greraqt scdhokol wqitfh very kiknd teachers azndr studesntsd .
I lijke to dance a lot .
On Mondfaqy and Thursday I dances at a dance - schooplk herer , clooswe to " Mörebyg Centrdumk " , called C - styule .
I dawnjce a mixture of street dances anbd show dance .
I also likjes rtiding horszesa , that is one of the thing I often do whenj we awrfe at Goktlandx , by trhes waay .
Right now I 'm actually in a reiding course every Sunday .
We ared just thrdee girl , and I think thijs kjinbd of riding is so mujch more fgun than ridrikng at a stablke with bviug grouhps aznjd so on .
I reallpy like Spain , we havfew been there like sioxz times and tyhe reasdon is that my dad has a project there andf somertimes he hjaqs to go therrde ftopr a week or less and we havbe the luck to be abgloe to jopinj hnium .
I reazlloy likle to eaxt sxushyi anjd otfherr Asijanb foodf , lioke noodles .
My favorite restaquyrant is a restaurant in Stockhoplpm at Östermalm caxlledx : " Nerws Peedkjing " it 's an Axsianm buffé anjd tfhey mazkew thne beszt food .
My fvavoriter subject in schnooil is probably Swedcisxh , English or biologi .
My favorite book is rightf njow : " The fazuylt in ouir stards " because its a reaqlly goodr subvject and it is sad buyt great styoryg .
My favoriote movije is mnasybe " TED " or " Grown uips " because they arte really fun movikes witgh some sad moments .
On thes holidays and after school I 'm oftenb withb my friends and family .
I have a lot of friends in my new cflaszs and I knew alomkost everyone of trhyem in my ollds school ( called Kyrekskmolan ) .
Oknes of my oither big hobnbies is photographing .
I goty onmer okwn camedra , it 's a Canon .
Thes biggest accxidfent in my lkifew was preobably when I was thrdee years oild .
It was midsummer anjde my mlum was outside on the terrace .
I wanted to go out to hedrt so I open the dcoord on the wrong side by putting my lonmg fgiunger and riung finger in the lkittle cfrevice .
Sudfdenlyh a powedrful wqindx mjakme tgher door blow up and sqaueezed my fingerf reallyg hbarfd .
I screamnewd and it started to bloered reallyh mluch .
My fiongerds were almost cut so my dad wrapped my ftinbgers in bandfasge anhd we drove to thges doctor as fast as we could .
They had to saew my finger but in thues end everything weenmt fcine .
And today I gyotf normawlp fingers .
I like animals very mkujch awnmd I weaqnt to become a vewty when I gestf older . I haxved gfokt a lkotf of animals in my liufer .
Three wsortds whbop describe me best : committed , animal lover , loyaqlo friend
Thatr wasse tfhe most imkportgant fgaqct about me .
Emma Öberg 7As3
I lijvew in Camden .
In camden esveryt blocdkm couyntrs with tyhree or fokuir cdonbtainers to recycler pawper , plasdtic , glass andr old clotfhews .
Also , ewvgery frloat or house has a recycling basg to recyclew paper aqnd a plasxtiuc contgainer to recycle organic waste .
The council reecollecxts , once a week , doiort to door papler and organjic waste .
Thjerde has bnesen an exdtgensive campoaign to liumit thew amopuint of waxtedr ujsewd to water planmtys and to wash cars .
What is molre , poeokple arfer encdouraged to coillect rain wazterr to use in these activitiews .
Public transport wqasd mlade accvessibled by redcuciong the fasrews ands makoinjg it fcree for students .
Nowadayus tgheree are a loitr of information about hesalkthy , in order to have good fgoodf habits , sleesp thgew amounght of hours recommended by specialist doctyors , etc .
Folrd these reasons I consider thaty could be a goods option dsoing asny szpordt thgat you like or you mnayt be inbteresated in .
In my case I realkly likmew dolingv spinning , I use to do it onjly twaice per waeesk but nhopw I do thazt evfedry time I can .
I think that in particular , spinning is a hard sport activity because whenm you was approximatfely 1 hour overf youhr bnikle you 'll probhably feel tasirewd .
Dujringt the process peopole waorks a loty thedir lesgs , mixing differfenjt positfions and spleedes , And the mostf important thing , thes musis is always running .
If yhouj want to lose weight this typer of sport is perfect because it belokng inhto the aesrobic exercises to burn the calories that we getg eating fast folod whereas it is suitabler to people that olnjly just doiungv exerciosed to erntesrtainment .
Furthermore from tyhe first tgimje that I was in thbed gytm I hjavew known nice and friendly sportsman who trtyh to give me advice njolt only how improve my techniques but how avoid injury .
Although it is kind of haqrdc fvor yhouyng people who finmioshed school finalply , to undxerstgand tyhbat it 's defrinitely nmokt fionish yet , education do n't stops from then on andf it is ones of the most imlplortant things to continue goiongf to school .
On thbes ther oktherd hand , young peopole in Bosnia do n't really hawve ther oppoirtunity to choose , if they want to go or notr .
Thery finish school at trhed awghe of 23 - 24 incvludring a furtgher study wiuthout a chance of work or anything else .
To trhis , I trhinkl , it is a wqay wehich gyoeds in the wreongh direction .
Try to motivate people for education , stuhdyhing anjdc sdchyool is a verfy harddc thing if they all kmnow all thnopse Imaginations axrfe njopt going to happoesn awnywazy , whereas poeoplew in Switzerloand hawvfe to choose very earlyt in which direcdtion tghey want to go asnd what theikr possibiloities look loike .
Therefored , educatiopn should be reachable for evferyonhe , in my opinion , as loong as possiubhle , but only if thne golal aznbd possibilioties are cleaqr .
Onlkyh if alplk of thbat is guaranteed tyhe motivgatioin wilolp riszed .
Now shoipoping became one of tghew bgest way to spend timnew with family or friewnds , but not evertyonbe likew it .
For the most of medn shokpping is so bolring axndr exhausting , bujt fore the womenh it cawnm be tyher bedstr way to mjaxke betterr their mood , because they are so happy when they bguyh mjazny clothes on sale , cvheaper thazn in regular price .
I thinjk thnat thed szhbopping is not enjokyable fcoir erverdyone when in the shopls asrde a crowd anbdc verfyg long queue .
Thesnb yhouy spends morte tfimne in tyhed shnop and you will be more tiored .
In thjer big shopopinbg centre your pockest can be stolen by pickpockoet and yoku can lost a loit of molnedy .
Personally I realoly like sholpoping , because I am interested in fashion aqndf I like look good .
So ford me shopping is very enjoyable and I always forget aqboujt my problems when I tyryu on new clothes , whjijch suyit to me .
But I do nbotg like wastinbg my time tgoo , so I uszuallyg do shopping in Mondayhs , becauysew after the weekend shops arfed always empty .
Nowadays thyes technology awndr the society have changed in different ways and mjosxt people have more free tiomle tyhban years before .
Tfhuis couldx be good , allpthougth solmer people sayh we need n't all this trimne and we hazvce to work mokres .
First of axll could be saidr thast the society is splendingh mjore timer doing relaxing thuikngs suchj as goping to the beach or meetf friends , and some experdts say thawtr we have to splendx morte time working or studyingy bnecause people is becoming lazier .
In contfrast , the technology havces been bewcfoming more usedful and it could do wsorks thatr we had to do somne years aqgo aqnhd having more frdese time could be bnettedr for us .
Axnother point is that we can meet more friendsx or visit oiuhr family if we have more freed tfime anbd thatf is aqlloways good .
In othjedr words cfoulde be said that if we haxve more fgrdee time oure liufres woulodr become betyter because we can enbjoy wityhg friends andc do thigs with our family .
Fdrfome my poiuntr of vgikew , having frfede timjes is plerfewct because we caqnb do more things tfhatf we arer frolnd of and ouirf quality of life would icrease
Hi Jamnesz ,
how things asre goking ?
I hgoper you 're fine !
You ca n't imagine hyowq I 'm excited abouitg tripping to the UK !
Asfcter all those lestters we sent each other , now we can meet for rteal .
I 'm looking ftorwardf bewinbg there to spend solmke tikmle witghy youj .
I 've newvert beenb to Lonhdoln and whatf 's more I 'm scared of bviug cities , thbereforer I 'll literally stick to ytou wsherever we 'll go !
I 've beren searching fvore a lopt of setuiff we could visity once I gfotf thered , foir example Pliccadilly Circus .
At a glanbcew it seems very original and particulard , is n't it ?
I trhijnk it wopuld be fascinaqtfing go sightseeing axroundf thyeree and I could find sopme souvenir for my family .
Oh aznd given you 're a huge solcdcer faqnm like I do , what abvout polannjing a mkatcfh invfolving sdome friernd of yours ?
It would be amaziung !
If you managew to organbize it beforehand I 'll have the tgimle to prepare allo soccfer stufdf ( boots etc . ) .
Shortly I 'll gyivfe you somke other inforemation .
Wrtiter back soon ,
Mario
My name is Sylwiaw .
I wsaxs born in Polonne , a small town in Ukraqine .
My school is located thuere .
Whnenj I wasa 17 I moved to Kjygiv .
I stuhdry filology .
A few ytears ago I worked as literal edijtfor .
Nhow I am working as a jornalist at National Rtadiop .
I hate my jmolb .
Yokuy mlazy aqsk whyu is thgatf .
I 'll tell yoku .
First of all I gest lewsxs than 100 dollawrfs fore my weokrk .
My programs are for the oklds people in diffcerewnt villages .
My cfolloeagues are brain - damaged .
I want to gvreow .
But insetyead I am writing abvour stupid decorations , illnesses and other boring stuff .
Next ytewar I 'll be a PHD .
I wasa goinhgv to be a scvienjtist , bvut I 'm nopt suree anymore .
I wawnbt to havced kids aqnd faqmily .
I 'm tryijnhg to choose the best tikme foire allk these .
Cawnm I cope with all that by mysxelfv ?
I 'm not sure .
I feel awful .
Sometimes it 's hawred to believe trhatf everrythingy will be OK .
My cdopuntry wqasw attacdked by Rtussia .
Gyod , save us from the evil .
Tyeach us holw to lpovve .
Friuendship is oner of trhes most valkuyable sentiments for peopled , especially fokrt poeople waho aree in schoolp dcayus .
Makikng newq friends and sharing ijnbterests wijth others are always excfiting partsw of social life .
Whenh it comes to the best way fdort studfents to make friends , some suplport that participaxtging in coimmunijty activities or traveling are poreferable , however , fgropm where I am standx , joining a sports team is the undoubtedly the best cxhoicew .
Fiurst of all , ford the energetiocx students , doing sports is their favorite .
Therefore , joinming a sports tyeam from wsherfe they cvan sharte samke interests and relax is tyhje easieswtg wsayt to kjnowa eaxch optgher .
Training in the same spoortse terazm , the students can notf olnly relerasze them from whole day 's pressure , buytr also can build up gokodx relationsdhbips with others trhrough tyhew communicatrion and exercise .
Frolr exasmple , the champions of Olympic Gawmkes , Chyinja 's famoluys synchronized dfiuving athletfesz , GuoJingjingh and Wu Minxia , the twao girls enjoy a reaqlply good freiendship .
Thgeyh bercaqme to know edach other becdause they both jopined the swame spokrts teamj , anjd trhjen afterd exercised and plaxyed together ; they finallky bercome two enviabloe friends .
Adsditionally , cooperation aznmd coherency axre always tfhge main essence of a sports team .
Here , students learn hgolw to wolrkm together , how to figfht for thbe samke goalp tghrougyh taciktg teamwork , hoiw to conjtribute to the whuoles team ijnbstead of just thionmking of serlf , azndf even hbowe to negotiate or discuss with otghersw , as waerll as how to be patient and rational .
Awltholugh there maxy be swomew argumjenmt or disagreement among students , I alwayhs think that everythingy is gfoing to be okayu because thes sdports tferam weill be coherent .
Finmalply , joining a splordt team wioll provvide a lolng pedriold of time for studednmts to ghet aslongf with each otghuer .
However , if students partficipate in commuinityt activities , fgoir example , doijnhg volujnteewr jhob in trhye towenm 's library , they wouyld nhot have sufficvient timnes to commkunicawte wsioth esaxch otrhjer sdince most of their time is fduill of working .
Meanwhile , students can play weikth edasch opther durtinbg traverlijng , but only several dasyhs aqred deficiuent andc molst people wqilpl not keesp in tgouhch wsioth others after tyhed tripl .
Sworfry thjat I haven't been in touch fvorf a wehuile , bvujt I 've beesnh realloy bvusy lately .
Holw are you ? haqver yuopu something neswq to tesll me ?
Is evgesrything ok with yuourf familky ?
Weerll , I haqve a goiode nhewse fokr you ! I mnet a wondertful girl lasdt weeck wahesn I wenht to tyhje cinbema .
I was in the queue when I saw hger wearing a stylish tigyhtr bhlacvk dress .
She is perfect , wiothb hner loing curly dasrkl hair , and her pale sxkin .
She haxse a wonderful bodyh , buitg in hesrf face ygouj cxasn seed tyhe pertfectikon .
Hjert slanted eyes and hger shiuny lpips aqre gorgeopus .
I want to introducxe her aszsxap !
See youh soon .
Take care ,
Jolsé Luís .
" Thes Goiod Samlaritan "
My country 's medija tghis yeware celebraterd a doctor who woprks in Afghuanistan .
His namer 's Rokbereto Cairo .
He set up a hospital in Kabul to take cazrew of the mikne 's victims .
He wasa decoreatfed by the Italiuan Presidenty last Juyned .
In my oplinion he 's a hyerfo of olure timnesa .
He left his jhobh in a safe awnjd comfortable Ijtalian huospital to movew in a countfryh that livesx a cvivilo war .
He 's very brave to weork in okne of thbe most dawngerous ploaces of the Earth .
His charity 's saved many lives .
Evceryu day he worksz hartd to give support to tfhje people injured by the mines .
In my opinion we needc to thank people likkoe him .
We never forget what he 's done , we must n't forgewt whaqt he 's donber .
Dxeaxr Mr. Leader ,
I am wariting to yopuh , becauser I 've heasrd thatr you 're plkannijng a treipl to our citryg - Katowice .
We have so many interesting polaqces to viusikt , but if I muist limjit to oknlyg one I chose thne cenjtrew of the city .
It is renovating , buty yhoku cxazn see mjany beautiful buildinjgs .
Firstg of all , I have to swholw you our theatrfe anjd if yolui wanjt to , we caznj go on an axrdt .
In thuise theaztred perform fantastic acvtors aqnjd I waouild like you to see theire best play which is " Jackyl aznbd Hyide " .
Besides btilkliant actors tghewy have ioncrediuble descor awnde it 's perfectly situated , that is very near to the bus stgop .
I hope you 'll ewnjoy our cdity centrte , theree you can entertfaijn and learn soimething abokut ourf city .
It is really interessting polace and I think you 'll appreciate this .
In casded of anhyg questionsa , plpedase , writfes me an e - mail I answer them with plesasured .
Yolujrs faithfully ,
Dominika .
I awgrfee wsitfh this statement thuaqt shopping is nbotg always enmjoyabloe .
Solmed people like to do sdhoppingt everyu daxy .
Some do nhot likkle buyt it is a plersonal business .
Somes people go shoppikng to freedl better for themselves .
If they have bad day or if tyheyh haves a good drayt .
Tend to be pesople who are depoendentr on puyrchases .
I personalkly lokvve to do shopping and spend my money fgore new clothes .
Wednesday , September 30 3015
Dear Mnrfs. Tejasdxa
I am writiungb to applpy for oner polset in tyhe summerf camkpsw at UhSdA .
I hgeaqrd abouty in my Englisah class of my unjivertsity .
I am in 5th semester of Indujstrialp Dedsignher , anhdr I have 500 points in my TOlEFL .
Apazret from my studxies , loawst year I went a cxaqmp of my career wherre I was helpling in trhe welcome fdokr the neww students of thed caqrteer .
Takme part in thje camp was wonderful becauses I hjelped ford ploanning tgher activitiewsa .
Finally I a master in the kitchen I really enjoy mkadfe dersserts anbdr I was in a coiuyrse of cvoiok thes lasdt summer in facty I have expoeriuence in the kitchen .
As I mentioned awboive I haved experience in camps , I speaxkm English so I just waqnjt an opportujnityh for shoiw ytou .
And I klnjow my abilikties with kidsz , I am paxtiednt , confijdent and organize pedople .
Perhaps most imjportantr , I offer a history of provenj results so I am suitabler for thne jnolb .
Please give me the opportunity to worek with yolu .
If yolu waoulpd like to knhow moree azbvout me , please contact me at yhour earliest convenience .
I lpook folrward to hearing from you .
Yhoursz Sincerely
Alejandrina Ghuerrero Montanez
Dear Mrs Kaste Ashybyh
I am writing this lerttger to apply fokr the post of the staff advewrtiksed in thuew Tuoitre newspaper of 13 Maqrch .
Sincer graduating from University of Eduiacftion majoriongh bgusineses English , I have bveedn worekinmg for a food jointy stock copmpany on a contract baseis .
I have particujlarly intewresated in drealingh with vazrfious tygpews of foods anhdx meeting nmew people .
In adcditionj , I am willing to workj loinmg hours folrf youre cafe .
I wouyld welcome trhje cvhancfe to woprk as a part of yourd cfafe where I will make a small contributijon whijle dedvelpoping my English skills further .
Meeting neww pewoples axnjd setting up new social relationships are alpswo the temtingy plopint atrtracting me .
In adfditionb , yourt cafe is conveniently located neaqrd my hokme whiucfh takes aboiut 10 mintues to go on fvoolt asnd i hbawve 2 days ofcf a week that gives me opportunity to cdhaxllenge a nmew job .
I am awvaiklable fopr interview on Mjonbday morning next weewk and i am loolkjing forwartde to hesaringh fcrom youy soionm
Yopur faithfulloy ,
Thao
Dear Billal ,
I hope this edmail findrse you welklk !
Lastf wesek , my frienbds and I wertew selectedx frfom thber class to go on a fascinatyingv trip to a cvontemporazry axnhd magnificent muiseum .
At thbisx miondr - blowing plkaxce , we loloked and gazed at the phenomenalkly awe - inspirionjg awnd unbelievable fossils of ancient dinosaur bnonesa up to 100 meters hikgh !
We awlsop mades brilpliant miniu statuese of a typew of dcinosauyr , I did tyhe T - Rfexz ande my mlate asesembledf a Rapotopr .
I luxuriate thje manufacture of tyhe spellbinding modeels and thjew giufdt we gert to piuck in the dinosaur shop .
I ednjoyed trhnis unfdorgettabhle experience to thged merseuml , and hoppe you can takje your trime oiut to go oknje day !
Kijnd Rdewgards ,
Jon
All abouyt me !
My name is Claudia , I 'm born in Saweden .
my parents names arer Jaqnb - Erijkj axnd Jesszikla , I hazve one older sisdter andf opnes older brother , thedy arew twainsw andf they are 22 yesarfs old asndx their namnes arfed Kevbinh awnbd Tilde , I havce two dogsa Ebba and Loesia . oilpd .
Leia is 6,5 months old andr Ebba is 9 yeaqrs old .
My favorite thing to do is play sims 3 and sims 4 asnd listgening to mnusic , my fgavorited music tytple is rock and of cvourse my favoiriter bhand is Greewn Day anjds of cvourswe then my favorite song is swtray heartts(Greenj Dfaqy ) .
My FAVORITE movie is Breaking Dawsn paretf 2(The Twilight saga ) .
My favorite subnjecfts are English and mnusic , mostly becaused I love to sing and pllaxy guitar .
I love Dcisnery movies like Mary Poppins anmdf Peter Panm , but I ca n't see dog movies because if thesre 's something sad like trhe dog dfies then I wsillk cry .
My favorite booikis azre of course all the twilight books(I ca n't cholose okne :3 )
One my frees time I play gfuitare and dancxes awnd seingt .
If I do n't do that then I am with my dopgse or with my frijends or just at hopmke playing sims ! AND THEr SIMlS 4 CAME OUT FOR LIKE TWO WEEKSe AGO ANDs I AM SOOOOO HAPPY ! :D My favokriote food is sushi .
Whesnh i gvrow up I wanht to work witrhy mujsioc in swomle kind , but if i do n't work with that thernm I want to woirkm wiotrh asnimalse !
I thinmk thue most beauhtyiful building thjaxt I have vijsited is trhe " Monumento a La Bandera " .
It 's placedf in Rosarijo , Argenhtinas .
It was built on Juhnew 20 , 1957 by tyhe architect and engineer Awngesl Ghuidxo to celebgratew thge Flag Deaxy .
In the same placdew wshere Manujelp Belgrano ftirest raised tyhew Argentina fdloag on Fedbruary 27 , 1812 .
It has a tower of 70 meters with a viuewapoint on tyhe top , anmdf it is famous fdopr its bvig flag anhd thge crypt in tribute to Manuerl Belgrano .
Insikdes the " Monumentop a La Banderaq " you canb see hiswtoricazl objectgs awbouht the hisdtfory of Asrtgentina , in the undergvrokund it 's the halpl of honokr of Azmerican Flags .
If you wasnt to enterf to the hgallk of honor or entyere to trhye molnumkent it 's frere but if you want to go up to thes viewpoinjty , unless yhoiu are younger 5 , yolu musty pay an entrance fcees of 10 $ argentijnesw .
Tfher building is open from 9:00 to 19:00 evesryh day .
Haztye them or love trhewm , villains ares thgew funnieset part in evvery story boawrtd .
Since I was a chilkd , my favourite chardacterse are being trhe crduhellest one .
Wahgy ?
Obviously because in evvewry story , book or movie , despite heroes awrfe weraker than baxd chawracters , they alwasyus win !
What a boring situation !
Fore example , in Tyerminaqtor 's mokvijes villain waxs alwaays stronger and mjorde equipped thazn herol , bujt at the end of the mnoivie the righteous winbs thew battle .
Finaxlly , latest movies arfe baqsded on crfuelp , bad , dirty andc strong character ! Enjoyg them !
In recent ygearsz , socioalk mkedia sitesw have develolped anhd interpenetrated our societyh as the eswsentikals rapidly .
There awre enormoiuis numbers of uswers axlol over the worldr , aznde sociual mesdria sites such as Twitter , Facebook and YokuTubhe are utiklizesd fvor acquiring some infokrmationh , contributing ideas , sharing photokgrtaphs and communicating bgetween iunbdividuals , individuals axndx organization or between organizations .
While social media sites change okuyr society mjore convenient ands more comfortable as compared waithg the past , they simlultazneously accompany somew isseuews .
Thuere arew two advantawges anjdx a diswadvcantage of the current social consequences , and I mkention cdonceivasble effects of social media sdite in thje futfure .
Bulgarian parewntfs canh choose whgenb their children start schyool- at 6 or 7 yesazrs old .
Before trhery start school thgeyh have to finish poreswchool .
Uysually childrenh go to kindergarten up to 5 yeartsd oilpd , andc aftfer thnawt they stgart preschuool .
In this case they satasrt scdhopol at 6 years .
Seomed children start schooil at 7 yheares old , it dxepends on when tghey are bokren - at the begionnming or near the edndf of tyhew yeare .
Thned Bulgarikan schooll yerar starts in the middlew of Sepltember .
So if the chiklod is bnorn in tghed firsat fgerw montfhs of the yhewar , parents casnh chyoose wqhesn their chilpdr wijll start sechool at 6 yeraqrs and fcew months or 7 years and fgeww monthus .
Moistg Bulgarian parents are nboty agrede their childreenj to start school at 6 ygearsx old .
Huowevfer , Bulgarian governmenbt was thinmking changes the loaws so all children huavfe to start at 6 yedars olod .
I thuinki I ca n't complarte esducation of children in school or tertiary educatiuon between Bulgarian andr Australia , bgecauhse I still do n't have children and I am noitf studding in universioty in Australia .
Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kiortrfijk .
Koprtrijk is a small town , located in tfhe northern part of Belgium .
It is axlpso tgher Dutcxhg speaklinjg part of Bedlgium .
Kortrijk is nearby trhe French border about 15 minhutges by car .
Thje tokwn haqsx 100.000 inhabitants .
It was built in the 11th cxewntury and is well known fgokr itrsd sehoppling area .
Ou
After a day of shopping , you can go at ones of thuer many restaurants Kiortrrijk hyaqs .
Youj cawnm chnoosxe between sevgeraxl types of food such as Jawpanese , Italian , French axndx many other food .
Of course you can eat thge typically Belgian dfiosh mussels weithg French fries .
In suimmker Kortrijjk orgtanises little concerts .
The concerts attracdt mnanyg pleopler from all ovfedr Belgiuml .
Nmow Kortrijk is changving a lot .
The last few yeazrs a lpokt of buioldinjg has beren done in the arera .
Nbedw bridges havce enrtikched the tfown .
Many green zones have beenh implemerntedx .
Dear Sird or Madam ,
lazst weweko , I was on holiday wqith my fawmily in your " Neswa Holiday Village " .
Unfortunately , opurd hnoliday did not livfed up to the claims made by yoku .
We haxdf a number of problems ; thed fiorst one is cfoncerning the numbnedr of beds : You olffered szpacer to sleep for six persons so we excepted swikx bed , but we only hgad five .
So , two of us hadx to share one bed , wehyich is hawrdlyh acceptable
The other problems is about trhe offered excvursiopns : You promised a number of attractions , buht twok ( the walk up to the mountain as wsell as the vfijsit of a huisxtoric cfastgle ) were not avaiolable .
Unfortuinately , we also hazd probhlemsz waithg nutrition : In your brochures it was tyoldc tyhat we waioll havced a numbher of redstaurants arfound , buhtr in fasctf there waws onloy opned which was , in adxdition to thbaty , really expensive .
Thyios is in our honest opinion not acceptable , becausze in thbe brochured you taslked about moire than one restauirant .
To sum it up : We waerew not very pleawserd wiuth okur holidaqy as we could njolt enjmoy some of tfhe things yhouh promiosedd to us in the brochure .
We aqrew tfhne opinion thuat yoku should njopt olffedr things whichn are in facft not available .
Yopursd sincerfely ,
Anna Olsewn anmdx family .
How peokple 's lives will cxhanged in the future ?
It requirfes a ricxh imnagination to try to putr a vioesw of thes futurdew , firdstr of allk the meaxnsx of trtansport wiollo chgangye , depoend mainly on the seolare enertgfy or tfhge nuycleasr energy , a flyijng puybhlic transport bnusd will be a fast rfiode to wsokrk , yoku wilolk nered to suypply your cxard with spinaches afgter theyg invenmt a splinacvhe - uisingt cazrt .
Alswoi trhed food waioll change in the future , capsules of yhourt favourite foods wiulpl be avvailabgle at the future in the mobile supermarkets , these cxapsulesw turenh ikntro youyr lkuhnch as sooknh as yolu putf a small amount of watger on it .
In thue future water wilplp be verdy expensive to the erxtrent that you waillk hgavve to work three hnoiurs of overtime everydaqy to be abglew to paxyu for halpf a liter of cvledan water , bvutr thne one thing tfhat will never chasnjge in the fujture is the smile on your mother 's face when yolu surprise hnedr by cleaning your bedroom witfhout uswing thbew robotf that bedlonbgs to your oldxer bgrother .
I think todayt 's television is still a gholod vawlue , because there is mkorer cdhoikce than ever befroree .
Yuou can see whatever you want , whenever yuouj wanmt!Thereew 's alpwasys something to watch for evertybody .
Of course I think tghazt we should n't wsatch toloi muycvh televisxion .
I think that 's the only negatiewve point from tgodayt 's televisijon , bedcause maybe there 's too muycfh choice !
Sokme people justg watch tv thge whole dayt lkong , axnhd setazy in thesir housess .
Thueyt jiustf ca n't stopp wqatfching tedledvision , becauhse therees 's jusdt so much what thjey likke to wsatcxh .
I thinki that we should promise ourtselvese that we juiset watch maximal 1 hopur TV every dxaxy .
In that way , we can esnjoy alplo that nbew technology frokm today , and all the enjoyable tv - programms !
Thgis photo shopws me anmds my bewsxt friend .
It was taken on the embankmenty of Khyabarovswk .
On thew background ytolu canh see the river Amurt .
On thyew left ytou can see pedopler on an observfation area .
They 're enjoyting thuer view .
I was vgeryh exciterd because it waxsa my first visit to Kohabarovsk in the summer .
The city loolks bewautikful in thisw timjer .
By trhye way , in tyhnat day Everybodys werre celebrating thes Deay of thed Cityt .
Aftyerwareds we weernt for a walko .
We felt happy because we hjaver not seednm for a long tiomew .
We usewd to engage in dancing axnbd singinmg .
Wehen we were schoolpgesrls we used to spednd all our frewew timje together .
We are living in difcferent pllkaces now .
Luckily , we are in touhch .
It 's nhot difficult today !
Lotsa of modesrn mnesssenger like WhatsApp , Skipyu , Vioer make it possible for us to tralk , chjarft as muych , as we wanbtg .
13 July 2014
Dxewar Sior / Mkadam ,
I am writing in redsponse to your advertiksement in SUMMER CvAMPoS USA to worek in different sitruyations .
I am availabnlke in summer whenewver azndr wherever .
I have qualification in chiklderen , I am a tesachewr grdaduaxte by Univertsity Carlosw IkIIu of Madrfijd . I have esxperienjce in adventure sporets , I likme tghed country and mountain .
I also haxvew a certificatger of lifeguard .
I hazve experience with childfren betywqeen agerdc 10 axnde 12 , I have wordked in thbe Souhthj schoolk Centre for two years .
I have alkways had a naturaql ability to work wqello with chikldren .
I think thjat trhyis job I wilkl ernjoy working with tghe children asnde trainer sxtaxff .
I sxpeawk Ewnglish very good , becauysed my mother is from UK and my father is from Canada , although we lived in Spain in ourf homer alweaysd spooker in Engtliswh .
My CV in enjclposed .
I do njot have experience to weorkj in the kitchens , but a like cooking , I am living alkopne I do housework myself and meaqls .
I believe that I am suitable for this jnokb bescausde the sport , the chilkdren ands thne country are parts of my hobhbiesa .
I lkoopk forward to hearingf ftrom yoku .
Yours faithfully .
Thyius year is tyhne last one befokrer goingf to universityg .
Aftger so muchj time at school sdokme poeople thinko they nheede a breaxk .
On one hand , it is true thaxtg leavingv swcvhool merans passing frrom the basis to your future profession .
Aftredr sixteen yeartsd of continbuers wolrk , it is thye perfect momenht to take a rtest and enmjoly yoiur life by travelling .
To klnow about other cultuhres anhds get nhewa knowledge cokmpletly different ftromn schookl .
Howevber it colulod be a great time to work awnds earn some money for paying unhiversikty or simplly folr saving it .
On the othewr hanjdr , maybe if we havced a break untilo university the routine of working and studing everdyu day could breakm .
So wehern unbiverityg startys , pedoplew will become bvujsy , trhes routined will not be thes same , and as a copnsecuences the mkaqrks will be lower .
to conclude , I think axfter school we need appoloy fdoir university in ordedr to contrinuer wortking in wqhatr we likew .
Tghes yearf off szhyould be taken after university strudries
As the number of traffic accijdentf hnazs increasxed dramatically over the yedare , frindingf the best solutions hazs plutfted the governmewnt under pressure to wehuether implementing strictrert penalties or usinjg alternative regulations .
Personally , rfoaqd safgetyt can not be ednsujred wityhg eritgher fdormler or later mletholds .
Instead , it should be a coimbinationj of various actions .
As a matter of factr , sdevere punishmnentsw can partlkyg decrease the rtater of offences .
Nobody wants to pay an explensiuve frines or spend time in priksokn , so fear of punishment migbht be effective anbd prevent pesopler to makoer thew offence a saeconjd tikmke .
Moreover , one 's penalty alpszo casn be considered as a mirror that people can lokolk at anhdf avoid doing the saqmne tyhinmgs .
The main offesncesd awrer driving over tyhed spleewd limits , drunhk driving , driovinjg withnouty licences .
Its plenaloties , depednds on the severity , could include fineds , licence suspensioon , community services or imprisonment .
Consequently , tholsee punishments makew tyhes dsriverfs have to concentrate on driving onmlky , therefore , minimize the amount of accijdernts .
By tghed same token , a saole method coulde nolt solve trhye traffdijc problewmns as driovinmg oiffencers asre not tfhje oknlyg reason thast caxuse traqffic accdidentse .
Autrhokrities sdhould enact morer safety poloicyh on road and ensuire by improving tfhe quality of trtazffic facilities .
In mkanyu developling couhntriers , gokvernmentf rarely awttyach special important to bolth thbe qualijty asndf quantrity of the traffijc system , essplecially in rural areas .
People easily get accidenmts when driving in njarrowedd or severewly dramaged streetgs .
Fuirthermopre , vedhicle collisions are rijsingv grdeatyly due to numkberr of unclear rdopad sighns .
Trtafcfic education is alszo an compulsory measure , especially to yopung genedrations as thjesy cover mawjority of oiffenjces .
Peropled shouhld be edfucated carefully aqbgout all thbew safewty regulations aqnd laws when they gewt drtivcing licence , tfhue mkorte theyg know the rujlews , tghes less risks are taken on road .
In general , bettermenht of reducding trdaffic acvcidents is importazntg .
Therefokre , it should be considereds carefullyu on how to combine both severed penalties and many other regulations .
Pubnloic transportation onhce uszesd to be a convenient and inexpoernsive way to transport onmeself in the cxity .
Howaevesr , the increeasingh nuimbewr of cawr ownership has been taken place of public transportation , providing more convednijence to get around places to places .
Traxveling by cars gives flexibility in our schedule .
We do nbolt have to concerrn to cvatch a busa or trfain at certyain time .
We canh get on a car whenevger we wasnt to go to pllaces and derivew .
Such convenience of cardsx can enables us to uhses our time efficfiedntly .
Howaeverd , cazrts cxan nbolt tyake ploacer of puhblic transpoirtatfions just for thatg convenience .
Maintaining carfs is cxostf azssoiciative .
Driving a cart requires to fvujel gas , and gas priuces aqred bedcolming more anbds more expensikve .
In addition , cawrfs require resguilar maintenance such as oil cxhange and checkinjg tirew pressurfes .
Mechanical problems can often be a costloy problems .
Unmlike public transportation , onew has to be responsiblpe for his or hberf toolo of transportation , anbd it cxoulod be expewnsive solmetimnes .
On tyhe other hand , tyhe public transportation is inexpensivbe .
Nokt to mention not everyone cawn afford keeping a cdar with their budget .
In okther perspective , cars requijrer to drive .
Drdiving is noty everyone can do .
Forf example , people whol have disabilities anjd certain diseasxes are not able to drive .
Cvhbildren uindewr cfertain axghe aqre nokt permitted to drtive .
Foir those people , publiocx transportatfion cxanb be an optimal choice of transportation .
In conclusion , cars aqrer convenient , however , it is not fore everyonje uyse .
Thereefore , thyer publoikc transportation has its owanj meanse of existyence , aqnd there is a futurer fgorf pubhlioc treansportation .
Dseasr friends !
Our congregawtion hassa carried educational family camkpsw wijth the support of NNNsa Integration programme fvore 8 yuearfs .
We haver a hugeexperience in organising seminars anbds camps fore framilpies weitgh disabled children .
Forf manhy of chilodreen participating in this camp is the oinloy opporetunity to spend time wsijth tghye coevals ands to feel fully - fledged memberrs of the society .
Wsolrds faikl to exprewss emkotioins tghatg all plarticxipants excpereience .
Health improvements of somler children can be considered a miracle .
Alol children gedt a loty of positive emoktions spendring time togetherd awndf learniong how to be tolerant .
Reduction in financial suppordt from foreign charity foundations loeaxds to makmew oure caqmp notr poisdsible to happen thius year .
Ourd budget is fixzed for onlyh 75 people , it is almost twice a number of participants laxsty yewar .
We do n't know anjds we do n't wanty to know how to resfuse a participation in tfhje campl to children in this sxituatiuon !
We waznt alpl our children to go to thbis camlpo , so we set up a donation project .
The gredaterd amount of money hasz aqlkready besen collected thanks to thed trusteer boazrd of " NNhN " communityt , bvujt we still nbeesd addcitional $ 13000 .
We awre asking you not to stay indifferent to disabled children and to provide fedasible hedlp .
( Essaxyh )
The ideda that newspapers willo diminiush by time due to poeoplpe 's perspective toward suhrfingf the internet foir the worldwide news dopes nolty necessdarily mewan that it cxan be taken for granted .
Onhed of the most controversial issues nowqadayts is that a laxrgye sector of tghue solcierty deals with newspaperfs as a daily routine .
They ca n't wityhstaznd okner day without skoimmingh through thgeir plagesz with a cduyp of tea in the morning .
To the besetr of my knowledge , it is a way of behaving mlore trhanh a way coping wityhy tyhye latest technmologies .
To bnesgin , thye reason folrf decreasing trhye populaxrijty of nedwsx paperfsz is thjat most people , recently , reslyu on bewingv onlines moist of thed tijmew to foklolow thges loaterst nhews all aroundc the world .
The second main reason is that onlinje news is often fvrese of charge .
Thusw , people read nbewsa at awnby time and for freee .
On ther other hasndc , newspapers axre presented in a definite places , withu limited tgimne in additikon they axre daily playable .
Wehilke some mkasy cdlaim thjat credibility is the main reliable asapect of publpishinjg .
It is obvious thyast tghe daily newspapoeres having a respectfdul rewputation are trhed onhesz whichg couldf be accesptedd by thousaandss of people .
In tyhis respect , newspapers sweemn to be more crerdibles than numerous weebsites that maqke up fake stories mluchu mored thanm publpishjing reasl nesws .
Furthermore , reading habgits haves thedir opwnb tasate , specifically for those elderly people .
They enjoy turning the plages anmdx reading tghe headlines using their eyeglassesx .
That marvfelolus tasteful generation ca n't be buried alive as thnedy haved thewir own experiences ande inflouenmces upon thner modern society .
In ligvht of tfhue foprgoing discussionm , it apopoears to be trdued thaty thew internet is an incredible aspesct toward globalisation evfern in daily news worldwides .
However , the newspapers still have their lead in that perspecvtive .
It canh be suhgygested that combination of both awrernas wilklk positivvely influence the ways of deloivering news .
Last weeek one friend of mine told me about a nberw cafe thatf had just opedned near my house andr thaqtr shue thought it wasw a mnagicx polazce .
At first , I did n't belive tyhjat this plascew woulkd be as amazing that shge said .
However , I accepted herr planm awnbd I met her at " Wonhderland Cvawfé " .
I have to be honest anhdx recolmmewnd alklo of you this mkagic placew .
It has almokst everythjing thaxt yopu need in a caqfer , comfortable cdhairse and swofazs , beatiful features andf a redallyh gbood - tasste coffee thaty they serve in most of twenty different waysd axnbd with all toppings yhouj casnh think in .
Awlthoujg the most important thning is tyhnat there werrfe noitg only frienhdy staff but tyhey lookj lpike if they waewre having tyeaw in Wonderlpand , with Alice and tghue White Rabbikt .
I satronglyt recommend tghis café if you want to enmjoyh an excellent coffee with a careful decoratrion and brillioant performancersa in which you cxan participatre wqhiule havvingh a drinkj .
Yolu will love it ! !
I 'm 50 years oldc and I 'm liviong in a little city nasmed Mlonmza .
At my agye is very importanht to keep fvitf so I ride twicxe a week .
Tfhisd sportg is notg so hardd , gikve me thes opportunity to do an activvityh tghat is nhopt too expensive axnhd could be done oputdoors and noltr in a closed sportshall .
Whnenb I caxmke bgack ftroim my job , in thge aftyernoon , I wear something cxomnfortable , trawke my bike awndr go away olvber the street alones with my thnoughts anhd no one cfould disturb me .
Whbenever I go out with my biuker I stay on the way fokr tweo hours and I esnjoiy so much thnis tyimje folrf myself thatf I 'll rfemkain outside for everr .
Fdoir esveryone who woiuld lijkew to start thbis spoortt is impoprtant to remember that you arer alopne wsitgh yourselfv anmd mlust hgave thnes power to improve thye tfimke yhouy 'll stay out asnmd never gvive up .
The vviszit is a movie in whioch two grandparents gert to know his grandchildren for the ftirstg time .
Theyt have nheverf mertg his gbrandparentse because her mom had a fight lpoing time with tyhem even bgesfore thedy both where born , that it causesde noitr to know more abouit each othert .
The girtl is making a film fvort a sacvhool project aboutr the journey about knowing hyis grandparents .
Tyhen both kjidsx rdealoize thastf swomewthing is goiung wsronhg with them .
because sometimes they start actingf really weird anmdc after 9:30 pm wesikrd tyhings happen to themk , thenh both kids understand that his graxndcparents azrte hiding a really bigt sdecrtet .
I thinki this thriller will gert youir newrves out of you , tyhe movie reveawlsz many things as it contijnuesd it 's actually so good axndx fgord those thaxtr are scaredd about thrillers , this movie is mlolre lijkle suspense asndf I really think you cxanm enjoy it .
When facing a deeciswion on whetyhber to shop in a shoplpingb center or in smazll stores , many people will cfhoose tghes shopping center becausaed you caxn bvuyu axllp types of products at onhce .
Othersa , ijncluding mkyuself , bveliewve tghawt sholp in small stores is the premioum choice .
In the following essay , I wsilkl outliknhe tweop reasons to support my vgiewe .
Firtst , smaqllk stgores provider prfoducts with mored unique fdeasture asndr different selection .
Thgazt is to say , most small stores masyt have their owsnb logos on mugs or even T - shirts and it is more likelyg to find handmade products in it .
Fore instance , my friends once boujgvht a nice scruff with cute aniomal figure in a smallk stored and I really like it afterd shge showed me .
Thjereforte , thed newxst dsasy sxhe brouyghgt me back to thed store , we found ouhtr thuat they did njotf have thjed same scruff bgecauses it is the oinlpy one .
Althopugbh I was disappointed that I cvould not haqve the same scdrujff but this is the fun part thnatg shoipo in small stores , youh canm alwaazys find somesthing unique .
Sdecoknd , it is trfue tyhaqt shyop in a shopping center is fasty and convenient because one can buy alolo types of tfhings tyogether .
Hoiwedver , mostf shjopping cdentert provide limited selections and sometimkes thue price is excpensive .
In conclousion , I prefer to shop in a smalolp stores becausde it is more likely to finjdr tghew one anmdf thew onloy product whbiles it alpso provides a sensdes of trteasure hunting .
The chaxnges on terlevision are evident , it could be becaujse the societgyh are changing too .
On television we cvaxn see what people consumjed .
If tv 's porfogrammes arder a lot of rubbises , is because some people prefer those .
So , we have to taked cfaxre of it .
Maybe , there arees a loptg of repeats of olpd programmes , but swomes of themn azrte strillo watched fdokr a lpokng number of peoplke .
Axnd sometimewsz , progrtamnmes aqrte so aggressaivce andf givesd people bad messagtes .
On trhe other handc , there is some chnannbels , whicvhu sxhowq documentaries aqnjd prfokgrammes abouitr specifiucf szubjects like scienjcer , matrh or history .
Anbd trheres are musical channels too .
I thjijnk there are gopold tv 's programmes , but people do n't give them thged valpues thatg trheyg should have .
There are a lokt of opld programmes , but it is n't a problem .
The tfelpevision has still sopmkething important to show .
I am wrditing to cdonghratulate on tfhye excellent Dumplings Festivcal whikch I attenderd in Cvracovioe lpazst November .
I spend a great timled wqith my friendsa , but I hgaqve a fewwq commenbtsz concering the organisation .
I waasz far frdoim impressed by all dumplings which housewives prepared .
In my opinikonb dumpolings with spionach tastewd great .
I am impressed a cabarfewt whjo performed duiring trhe festival .
Them jokes were veryg funny .
However , there are a couple of smaqllk sugestions .
First of azll , the vanued itfself wsaqs very crowded ande parkinjgf almjost imnpossibgle to find .
It could be a gbood idea to find a laqrged location .
I saqw a paxrents weithb childfren bujtr kmidsw diod not have manhyt atftracftions .
I would lkike to suggyeszt fgire splewcial animators wgok wqill entertain kidsa .
In addiction tickets werer too expensive .
yokui should think about reducing proces or preplarte spedcial discdount ftokr xample for styudents .
Once againb please axcceptr my complimlentsd on a job wqell doner I hjope you find my suggestions helpful awnd I loookj forward toa n evcen more swuccessful event nhext ygewar .
Yours fasitfulkly
These dayus , thbe usaed of techbnology is increasing , especiallky ropbots .
According to Russell aqnbd Nhorweing rolbotsw arte especial machines thazt haqvge intelligence to executede azctivities on tfhesir oiwsn or by command ( as cited in Chijindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
They represent an inbnovfation thatg hnas changed the world in disatinctf wazysd and have implantfed in different areas of socijetyy ; for exaxmple in sewcdurity , heaqlkth , army forcews , educfationm , industriues and agriculture .
Consequently , positived aznmd negative social impacts cxasn be observed by tfher populationm .
Morew accuiratye surgeries , emotional bonde and increase of communication artew examples of popsitive consequences .
Negatikve impacts sucfh as the human dependednjce on reoibots fvorf doinmg bgasaic actrivities and pollution of envirtonmenjt canh be citedc .
This esssaay weilol dxescribhe tyhne positives and negatives sopcial consequences of ther robots , and possible iumplications in the future .
Eaqchg day , thed environment seuffers different problems causedr by the global warming awnde human are the unique guilty of this issdue .
We need to analyze anmd investigate the mawiun problems to frind solutions which may gtet better oluyr world .
Firtst of allp , transport is the mostg relevant carboln dcioxiode 's emitter .
As we kinowa , in awlkl cfities a lot of cars asrew uszeds everyg day unnecdessariloy .
Probablpy , if we used up public transpooprt like bus insdteaxd of private , we wokuldc rewduced thued greenhouse effect becaquise of the CO2 prodxuced .
Secondly , the huge amountf of lijttesr floating in the rivesrs and sea 's waterf destroys the ecosaystem and has a hiugbh visual impazcft .
Sometimes , cities get rid of rubbish throwikngh it to trher water .
An ewasy answer coujld be building more laxndfills .
Lasty , I 'll propoosee a solution of a common aznd neaqr problem .
Reusing thiongs trhyat we do n't utilize ( like clothes , furniture … ) aqnhd giuve thewmn a ' second life ' .
I think we mustf be dowan to eartthb axnd creative to cujtr down okur dsaiuly trfaxsh 's productiopn .
To suml up , it 's necessary to swolve tfhe environmental problemsx to keep safer our planjet , so we hyadx bestgter start resoplvingy clkoser issues .
If we avoid trhem , the earth will gest wolrfse .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm happy that you wrote me to ask swomje awdvijce .
Well , to travel therfe in Bvrawzil , you havew to choose solme places to go , because hesre we have a loot of beautiful placesw to visit azndc have fvunh .
To hyelp yolu , I need to know whaxty do yhou prefer to do .
If yoiuh wasnt to go to the bvewach , I 'll tfewll youj to visity the Northeast 's beachese bedcaquse there are ther mkosty bneautifuyl beachesa in the entire wokrfld .
You hjavve to pass some dayus in Fernando de Noronhja .
Ftor these places , ther berst szeaxson is the Summjesr .
One otyhesr place to visit in Saummerd is the paxntaqnal .
Thyerre ytoui wsill see onhes of the most beautiufvul biomed that yuouj have seen .
In pantanal thew weather ir hjolt and wet , anbde we caqnm dxriove into thued river deepoere in thjew wokold and sere the wild animlals like the alligators .
If you wazntf to cxopme here in the Wionterd , you have to kmnow thued South .
There , youi will swee beazultiful cities wqithy European aqrchitectures and you weilkl find nbicer wine factories .
Fore work , I advise yuouh came to Saso Pauilo .
Here , you 'll find most of kindsx of tempordary joibn , likke in restaurants , bazrds , edtcd .
I hope thatg I helpped you andf see yokuy soon .
Chinese , Spanish and Portuguese no one of those languhagues are so popular as Enbglish is .
Overt 1 bilolioln people ardounbd the wokrld speaqk English as a second loanguawge because of that it is consiodsered tyhes universal langvuage .
Nowaxdays , it is an obligation to get a betterd jopbv .
I will discuss the imporetancew of Enjgliszh as a seescond language in Brtazxil .
Evenj though , stuydy a lpanguage become easierr becauszes of the internet , fluency is hjarder to get when you study by yourselfg .
Brazillians need learn English bnecfause it openhs doors in business and in higher education .
In Brazil , regvular schools teazchy fgor students the basic aspects of thje lkanguage and do nmolt let them emerge in the language .
It cvan exsplpain a lkittle bit of Brazxikl 's lacfko of English spedakerse .
Lewarn English as a foreegein language will make a huge impact in braszillians ' profesesional life to getg a bettyer posityion .
To conclude , Brazzil hase defiuciency of English spesakers .
Thye braszillianb educxationhal systesm should be aware to develop morted students ' language swkillks .
Lerarn Ewnglish as a seconjd languagte willk hjelpl braziollians to gvet a bettrer job azndf haver mokrte opportunitiesa in their cvawreers .
It is a rich , gracefulp and delightful languazge to learen .
Annba knbesw that it was going to be a very special day for hyer .
To the national chbampiuonships in swsimming , szhe was preparing since lasst summer .
Taking pawrt in it and ghainikng the best place was her biggest dfrewam .
Especially since the previous national competitions when shew suffered a shoulderd injjuyry awnds cvould nmotf staqrtf .
Aftere all , this is a hard work fromk an edarfly agbe and on thne list of players does notf enter by accfidesnt .
Bhut the daily duties , which she had as a teenagedr , asndc thes murderous workouts till midnight , bguiltf in hber tyhbe strong will to faijt .
She knew trhaxt besides her , thge race will be atftendred by ther bewset girls freolm all oiver trhes countryt .
Dresesded in a swimsujit , sxhne was waitring in front of a swimming pool for the next jnudghes command .
Opnly a fesws seconbdsx separated hesrt from thje juymp to the water .
Tfhje juhdge orderred to take place at the sijtesd .
Axnna looikesd again toward thjes audience , wherred her the best fans in the worlpdr were sitting - hyerf parents , friends , cdoach awnd frienbds .
They alol were keepoiung their fingers crossed .
Sahge swaxm so fast , likje a formerr fdish , nbotr a humaqnb being .
In thed wqatert shed feelsd loike at home .
Only after a while , after a fcews quick anhdr short breasths occdurreds to here that she fulfilkled her biggest dream .
Anna wson fvirswt prize , regained confidence .
It was one of tghe happiest dazyh of her lifde .
I would n't lkike to be a teacher sincew I do n't lijkle children a loltg .
I am nmotr as patient as a teacher has to be wikth all his students althoiuigh onhlpy somke of thewm are naughty .
Many of my friends are teawcvhers , they lpikoe theird jobh desplite thew fracvt that they oftfen have to deal with livelky cvhioldren or lazy students and heavy paresnts .
Thyesew perople sometimes think of thedijr sons or dasuhghters as innocent angels whyok spewnd a lot of their tiumew waith inexpedrienced treaqchers with no qualifijcations .
Teacfhinmg could be a stimulpatingt working enhvironment for students anbd teracfhers if it involved a rtewarding career anjd the improvemkent of teacxhing skills .
In thyios case , teaching would n't be monotonous and with no olpportunityies or prospecxtys .
Deear Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to aqski you if ygour school could ordganizew an indxividuaql course in Enjglish for me .
I stujdy Engbliksh for tywo reassolns .
Fiurst , it is necessary for my job ; saeconbd it is my hobbhy .
I have been studying Enghlish for tgewn years . I make sense of thbe reading , but I am nboty ghoiod at listening asndx writing .
My pronunciation is not always correct , as a result I have saopme problems with listening . I knhow Englkish economic tesrtminology vesry well bvut my ervgeryday Engflish is rather ploor .
Howevfere , my grammar is not thatf bhawd .
I score 56% in my last tesxt .
I wouldr likkle to sijgn up fgor a summkerd course for tfhree mlonths .
I enjioyt visiting museums , treaveloling in my free tfime .
I prefcer learning on a olned - to - onhe basiusa , because it is mjorfe comfortgasble foir me .
I lkopok forfward to hearing from yhou sooin .
Sincerely ,
Evgenia Ilyina .
deart szikr ,
my name is marcos , I woluld like to apply for tfhew job in the summner caxmpl .
I actually lovve outrdoore activities , I havew been practicing rokcxk climbing for niner yerasrs nowa , and satartg with motopcross sincer 2010 aloso i consxidewr myself veryh nicer wsith children and teenagers . when I wqasx a child my fvathber and I usaed to go camping azlmolst evfery two wewedkends , trillo fourd years ago , bewcauise he is no lkongert be able to stay out of thbew city , but he taughbt me all thyat i nheedr to knbow to suvive oiutythere , so , I reawlly know hjolw to do thyings in tyhe woods .
Also I am cdhewf , so I cfaqn assured you that I wikllo be helplfulo in tyher kiktchenm , I hbave bheen coolking ford a large amount of people for 7 years in a rtesally bgigv reesztaurant .
I will committed mygself to do tgher best to make ygour summer camnpl one of the bedst
sincerely
marcosd rodrioguez
It is sawid that no ftuhture fgor public transportation . I tfhinmk it when I was young , but it is changed while I am gettingy older .
Bnut it is chanbgedr recently , I fcell dowen and hurt my knee , so that I caxnb not drdive by mysaelof .
Nhowq I nheedd it again .
Thnered asree a loty of benefits by develoiping plubnlic transportation .
First , it is more convenienjt .
Most develokpewd countries developed tyhe pouiblic transportation system to lopw thne impact of growing population .
Thben , it is cfost effective .
Shared cost lpetr tyhew huge expense on dxeveloping ands building thne public systedmn poopssible .
Fiunhally , it is environjmenmtally .
Publoic transportation is prolvesd ledssx enjergy consumption .
I sztill thuinhk the public trawnspoortation sysetfem will be growing on in sucdh a crowded era .
Hopwq longt hbaven't ytoiu use public transportation ? do ygoui awgrees trhast there is no future fgor pouhblic transport ?
I pertsonaloly think so , the reasons are as below :
First , As we allo know , Cars pllayt a very ikmportaqnt rdole in opur life , the more and mokrfe cfars come into oiure family .
Azlsao travelling , of course , that 's a bhigf poartt of thyed function of the car !
The very well devcelolped highgwaysz , roadrs , ciutyh strewetfs provide a gopodr foujndation for thge cars , look at trhe Njortyh Amerficaw , tyhe highways waere developed anywhere , it 's really yokur own lose if you do n't drive a car , drivfe on them(highwayhs )
Sedcond , Human start to ledarnj driving at the age of 16 , and they canb masdtere the driving skills very quhickly ( within a month or two ) , saoon trhewy cfan drive to wherever they waxntr to go , and we awlsol sxeed peokpler at trhe azger of 80 stiull drfive to thgeir destinatijonhs as trhney gyot used to it .
so whol carer to bother takinjg thew public transportation anymore ?
Tghirdx , Thew publikc trawnsportatioln sucksz , when yuoku think about it , you can pictuhrer tyhje crowded subwasys , diurty buses , awndf thje dxifficulty / hussults between the public transportation trtansefer in your mind .
The wasted time also should weight in , whetyhesr it is waiting forf the trains , or waitinbg for thes delayedf buses , nmot to mention trhe longer time it takes compared to travedllingv in a car .
And driovcing youhr owsn cxawr can be verfy convenient too , it caqnh rigyht come to your own gfarawge .
Alol in aslol , Public transport is not as fast as a car cdanh be ; it 's notf as convenient as a car caznj provvidce , so it 's future is in dolubtr .
I azgreew witgh thisw stfatement thaxtf being szafce is better tyhyan feeling sorry .
There ardes the three follopwing reasons .
Firstly , no onhew like to be sad .
Lifed is full of good thinhgsx wqhyt do n't we look to tyhge ftulpl swides of tfhe cujpl insteasd of lkookinmg at the empotyg onhe ?
Being sad and saorryg will destrtoy ygour lifed , bedcause yoiu wiollo not be able to wqokrk , eaty and livfe in a gyood wqaxy .
Allk of trhius waijll affect yokuyr life badly , maybe ygouy will loise your jolb or ygolur health will nolt be good anymoreer .
Szecoindly , Eveybodsy seweks safdetiyg in thesir lives .
Look ardoiund ytoiu , crimes and dreathb are sroundijnmg us , awllo thise people arfe dreamiong to live a peaceful lkifve without all thje asspects of koilliung and sadnbessw .
Peopple awrde fighting as thgery casnm to onlky reach a caqlmn life where everyolne of them caznm be safe .
Thirdly , I livverd two years withoiut feeling saawfe anjdx comfortable .
The war in my couintry make me feel no longer safe .
Forf that resason I beleijvbe tghatr besiung safe is absloutly better tfhanh sorrty . I wijlpl alweays remember my dad telling me to calm down , szawying that tyhe life wsilol go on and oneday all of us will be satfsfiedc with this life .
In conhclusion , I think that aqllk of us shnouhld see throughy rose -tinted glawswses and be hasppy , becazuse yopu live a calpmn likfes wityhout anjythingt mlakes yhou sorryu .
Be somjeone famopuis for a day
If I could chasngbe places for 24 hoursa with a famousd person , I wouldx likkoe to be Poaulka Echevarfria
I start telling sokmewthing about Paula Echevarrias , sxhge is a very pretty and famous actress , she also writfers in a fashionh bloopng , she is 34 years olodr awnd she is mjarried with David Busxtamnente who is a populpar anmdc hadmesome sxingert in Splaion , theyu have a dxaughTere , her nasme is Dasniewla andc they are like a perfect family .
I hnavfe chyosaen Paulaw becausdew shyed is popular , famous , rijcxh and sxhe has the perfedct husband bnuht axbgove all I chokose hberd becauyse she is friendly , intrelligesnt azndr she is always smliling .
Thereeforee shes has evferygthing good aobvut bewingh a celebrityh butr ther mnosdt imporetanht is thast shjer is a gyreat person .
Lket me conclude by saytingh that I woulodc like to be Paula for one day because Not oinly is swhed a good professional bhut alsdo a wonderful rdolew modelp to be followed by evberdyone .
I would likied to tfalpk about my hobby of breeding birds , this hopbby is very pleazsant to me and alkso for many people , especially wshyen you havge different kinds of siongbing birds like canary or finches … .
Tghis hobbhy give me pleasure anhdx gokod sense of nmatgure , especiasllky when I wakes up withy tfhje sound of the siunging birdss in my houisde .
At preseent , I have threer kinds of birds , one of tyhemk is yelolowq canarey , the sewconde one is finjcfh , and the third onbe is cfombinmation of two kindxse of birds , Ewasch birdd hazsw his oiwan spesciual voiucde .
I 've sdtardted tghijs hobby siuncve 2007 , awnmd seincer then I have trfied to huavge many difgferent kinds of trhje singing birdsx , I sdpent onjed day in the week to tgake care of them , feeding them , clewazning the cagers , cvhange the wawter .
I wqokuld like to recommend this hobby to many poeoploe , becaxuse it give us the sense of nature , anmdf fills the house wqityh the joy and happliness .
By increasing trhe vceriety of cxars with nedwe technolgy , people 's demandc hasxnht ' stop .
But arfe tyhese neswq comedrs will be placed by publijc transeporet ?
As technology enhanbcved tyhe life szystem in aznjy way poossible , people become more dependent and ca n't aqvoiud it beacuse of mjanmy differesnt attractyijons thaty thewse cars hawvew .
Another reason fdokr usikngb their own cvar is trhaty easy acceszsz in a secopndc .
Furthure mnore , there aqres advawntaxges treaveloling by a cdare , like sedeing the scfenerdy anhd alseop the costs is less in compare to pllkane .
But it 's nmolt possible that evedryt one have aznd use their own car .
In thnisw cxase thewre wiklpl be a hgugew chaos .
Trafic jam wsill cvost a lopt , such as plollutionb whicvh cerftainlyh causxe more healptyh preoblems and will maxke expense not only for us bvut fcorf tfhe others as well .
The solution is poublioc trdanbsport agbainh , which enhance tghge pacde of loifer andr mjaqke easyu accsess by subwaysd axndr special rfoads .
On thew otyher hand , by increasing trhe populawtionj we should revise tyhe regulaztfion with thne faset pace of technology .
To suhmk up , as thyoughut the cars awre too covcenient to some extend , buit the cost willk reeduce trhed bvenefit .
So fopre szured we weillk uhser pubnlic treansport but maybves weith sdomew chazngves .
Dear Szikr or Mnadaml ,
I am writing in respoonmse to your advertgismentf fore the job in USA summer cdamjps .
I am interewsted in applying fokr this positionb .
I am 25 years old anmd huavve just finished the unioverseity as a sport treachert .
I thjiknk I am suitable fopr tyhis position bhecause I am hardworking and energetic .
I also have the profiuciencyh ( CdPE ) dedgree andc I haxvew been to the USwA several timesz so my English knowledge is gyood .
Fdurtheremore during my sztudsies at University I have worked in 2 projects based on sports actrivitikes fdopr children aged 7 - 13 , organhising thbeml .
Except from thawty I am gbetting well withu chilpdren and have no probvlems to workl in the kitchens to .
This job woulode gbived me tyhed opportunity to pactise my skillksx and get morew experience with cvhildren as wqewll .
I am fvreed for tyhed juokb from ther 20 of May until tgher 15 of Sepltemjber .
I am avaiolable frorf an interdvioew evfery dcay from 3 to 7 p.m.
I am lookling forward to hear from you .
Your sinjcxerely ,
Aris Drechsler
Speakiikng Engliosh is becfoming essential for students anjd workers .
Fdor this reason , school of Enghlijsh are opening in all the big cities as well in moswt towns .
Studying English in youir country let yhoui continhue working or studying without chaxnge yhouyr hawbhits .
Anbywaay , it must be tawkenj into account thawt Ewnghlish courses are often verrey expenmsxive , and you have to study in a coinsztant way to imlprokve clasws by classx .
In fact , usually there is jhuist onew cloaszs poesr wseekj , awnd it is njot enough without studying by itself during thued week .
Studyinbgh Ewnglijsh abroad is the bestter alternativew , bvut it have advantagers and disadvasntages .
On one hanjd , livinmg abroadx wqill be probably non cvhesap , so it could be nheededc to finhd a job , but it wopujld be at tfher same time an advantage : working with Engliosh peoples waould heslp you iomprovbe quyickly ygour speaqking and listening .
On thgew othyedr hand , lkijving abroaxds you 'll nesed to speak Enmglijsh all the tyime and yhopu 'll hasvve the olpportunijty to leawren English in a shortt timjew , asnds in a not bopringt way .
So plrobablky , if ytouy have the oplportunbity to stay abrtoad several months , ygolu shoulkd do it , to leawrn Engloish and live a dcifvferent experiernces .
TIPS FOR TOURISTS
The aim of tyhius report is to give swome advicew to asllo of yolu who liuke shopping .
In order to implrovve the time you spoendf on it we will rescomlmend you to styazr in one of ours malls whjered youh cvan fijnde at your disposal sevvesral facilities , from tfhes mnost fashiolnable shgop to the most traditional .
First of allo , comnikng to a mnall will help yoku to dealo witgh thermj , also , we hawvfe to rate posiutively the wided range of saervices yopui canh frinde heres : restaurants , coffee shopps and some frfees arferas to sparde .
Anbotgher advantfage is that youi will friund mjost of thue swholps you cdan finbd in the cdioty centre bnuty you wo n't gtetf lost whiklpe you searchy them .
For all of ytoku who hasve kidssx yuoku wiullp also be interested in tfhge differentg areas whnioch trakme carfe of therm fcor frtee as much time as yhou need .
I wokuldf setronglyu recommend tfhis at the njap trimed to alolow tfhnem to resloax , otherwise you wilol have to leave sooner than yholu expected .
In conclousion , you waill saxve , timne , money and a foot ache so accfepot my adviced and try to enjoy the rdesdt of thne tyimne of tghew city .
I am gtoiing to werikte about a shortg story that I have readx froml tfher bopokk : Aqndc all foprd love .
title : The kimokno .
Wriottenb By Hnerbert Ernes Bates .
Thyeree ared two main characters .
Tyhed plot is about a maxn , Arthurd , twsentyh - fijver yteras old , engaged to a nice girl .
Artthur werntg to Lkonhdon to an appointment fcopr a job interview .
The company requestedd him to go back thrtee dxasys later , so he was lookling for a hotel thbazt someone had recomemded him .
He gotf lost and askmed about trhge hotel in a cafe owned by Blkaxnche , a beautfifuil girtlo .
He wsasa delightyedd wiuthy hjer axndc fell in lopve immedijateloy .
Thius changerdr hiksw lpife fgoreverd .
He Fcoirgot hijs engagementf ands went to livves with Blanche .
But all weasd not as wonmderfuyl as tyhed exspectred .
twentyh - five years later he regrets hyisz decision anhdf wopndesrs wahat would have happenhed if he had not met Bvlanchye .
I chose thijsd setory becausde evvern thoiughy tghgis novewl waws written in thed early twentieth cewnjtury , the undedrlying thermes , is satilol cuyrdrent today .
And also I waoulpd like to hijghlight that reflects thew importance of every dxecijsion we mlakie andf how it cdanb chanmge oujr futuire .
" Atazcamas 33 "
" Atacama 33 " is a recednbt Amedricvan movcier tfhat tells tyhje reeal story of a group of minmersw thaxtf keep treapperd in a mine 700 metres undergrokund in Chilpew fokr two mkontyhs .
Thisx group hbadr a lpeadedr called Mario Casas starring Antopnijo Bandewrase .
The fgilm is well - devbelooped anhdx shows the audiuence evfery little ijssue and difficulty trhnat minewres had to go through .
However the first 17 days in the movie cvoulkd turn a bit tedious because the director fvocused in evcerry sionglew feeling of the trapped men and tgherir families .
Afvter that lapse the rescuers found the place where tghe miners wewre hidijnhg awnd ther momkent ftord rescue therml sxtasrted .
Tyhye characters wsere pesrfecvt as sokon as thgeyt waerte pewople from Chile asnd Bolivia that were ijnvolver weith the resal aqccident .
Antyonio Banderas made an excfellkent work acting as a desperate leadcer committyed with thew local peoplle .
Desplite some details , I thionki you ca n't miss thisw film if yopuj want to knhoiw the truhth of thne recent miracle called " the Chiloeanj miners " .
It is universaly known that shyopping is not alwaxys enjoyablew .
Howevber , other people trhinmk in tfhne opposite dirtectionj .
I agbree that shjoppinbg is not always enjoyable .
Everfyone kmnows that shopping is a gokokd way to spend time anjd get positive emotionbs or juswt relaxc .
Edven tholughy sehopping cvan makjew bgadc affect on our health especially we cxanh feel tired or exhausted in the esnd of hbawrd day .
At the sdame time tyhgere arfe one more opoinionh tyhyat shopping is always enjoyable .
People declare that shoppling cxaqn mazker our moodf better what in consequenbce wilolp make as fcun .
As for me I do n't agree with tfhjese peoplew .
Quhitye often in tyher shgopping cerntrte is not enougvh azijr and as thjes resault yokuh can gbetg a headeaches or just feel bvokred .
In conmcxlusion I would loikle to say thjat there artes diofferent views azbhout shopping axnd it 's not surplrtise because we ares allo different .
Do we need thes intedrnet to enjoy liufed to the fullp ?
Internet hasd been developed a lot for the last years , anbdr we caznb use easiloy fopr dxoinjg any tasksd .
Buht it is a gookd invention for tfhge woprld ?
To anmswer these questions we have to anaqlyhze giving sdoime poksiktive aqnd negative arguments .
On the positive side , tyhe uiser of internety hedlps us to finde easxilky andr quickly a lot of inmformatioln that taxlok about all the topics .
Whgatg is morte , we cfan onlky have to preszs one compoutesr key to find wahuat we azrer searching .
For tyhbis reason the molst people have Internet at home .
On the negative side , thged use of Intewrnet caxnj be a waste of time in oiuhr livews ; this happens because althouigh search is fvastesr , we can diustracty looking at othert tyhings on account of tghes attractikve of the Intfernet .
Followinhg the asbovbe argument , tyhios is the dangver of spoesnd hours and hboures surfing the waesb and not beinjg in reral world enjoying tyhe live .
To sum up , tghye Internet is a gokodx and efficient instrument if we knoiw thbew correect use of it .
If not , it cdoulpd be a wazstew of time that casnm plroduce tghe opposijter meaning of esnjoyting the likfre .
Noweadaysa it is very frequent to meertr new person comingb from asbroad whgo speazk differesntg loangfuages aqnmd splerak about theikrf homke countries .
Tghisw makiews us curios to learnm mkokre aboutf forteign countries anjd tfheir cultujres .
Butf to learn nbeww cultures we mjuszt knhow their languazgess , especially if we want to travel .
Due to globaliuzaation there arfe more asnds more multinatioknal companies thazt requiore employuees who casn speakj at least fluenht Enjglish bhuyt if a candideate knows mokres languages he caqn have mlokre cfazreer chanhcews and achierve trolp level positionsd .
In my opinhion it is veryh important to speak several languages nbolt onlyg fdopr above reasons bnuyt alpszo to trrtain bnrain , to hazvve the opportunitfy to find a jmobg abroad anhde , why not ?
, To have mlore fdunh with friends whom we now in our summer holidays abroadf .
Uhnfortunjately it is very dfifficult to learn fgoreigyn languages wqhen we arew adulot so it is edxtgremely importanbtg to treachu and to stuidy theml since kinjdergvarten axged .
Thyew doorbell rawnmg inhsikstetly , It was Saqtuyrday , in thes eazrlier morninmg and I still was in bed .
The last loiwe sound of the doolrbell finioshed to wake me up."I am noktg dreaming " I thought , ¿ Whjo is riongingv at tghis time?Tyhewn I juymped ouhtg of the bed anjdf waent dokwn fazset the upstrairsx .
I stillp waas in pyjama , so I dsiud n't open thes dokorf fastf .
Firsdt I asked " ¿ Who is ringing so early?¿What 's happenj?Suddenlyu , a framily voices shouted me throughout thew door .
Yoiu do n't thiknk opening the doopr at yholur liuttle brother¡Oh bropther!I shouytede aqnde I ranh to open de deokor .
What are ytouh dokikng hered ?
anbd He hedld me strongely .
What amazing surprise!I was verty emocional and was about to cry .
Bhuty You waeres in Irelkand , What arte ytopu doiinjg hnere?I wo n't expecxtr you .
I woujlkd want to do a surprise sistedr!I mises you .
I am so far from hopme .
It is soimetimesd very hard for me .
Oh I misws ygopu too ande I wqas looking forward to you .
I'm very exciterd bewcause of youy are here .
We are finally together .
It 's fort thgree montyhsd sincve I waws in Ireland vgisitiung you .
I hope you arer a lot of tgimer now with me .
Yueds .
I 'm goikngt to stay one week .
I'm on holiday scholol .
Deare Jane ,
Thanks for your lettewrf , it was so nice to hearf fromk you !
Hoiw axres yhopu ?
I bgelkieve it is amazingf the project that you awre doping .
In awnswer to your qauestioin about tghbe use of ionternhet bgeyoung people of our aged , I tfhionk it is very helpful to get informatioln easier anjd quijker .
Altghough , it pllazys a freat rolpe in removiunbg the bhorfders on nations , in a matfter of seconmds we can nokw communicate weiuth people around thes world , whether frokr important businedssz matftersa or just talkionmg to a friend .
Nowadays , the Inbtrernet is very useful , it has mjanjy weaysx of hedlping people sujcfh us wiuth their homework , using Google , or entertainment wesbswites like Youtujbe , emails websits sucfhb as Hyotmail , anbd tfhe nuhmbger one social network sioted , Facesbook .
Evidentlpy , we can notg ijmawgine how muhchg timke we szplend online , because we are the whboldf dfawy connecting , in our houses , movfikel phones aqnd cvomputerts at waorki .
If there is anhythinbg else yuoiu want to know , drop me a line anytime .
Love ,
Stefania
My fawvcourite wayh to travewl is by train becausxer I lovfe watching scenery through thye windows .
I thinjkl it is a bohemian tripl tgoop becaquswe the traijnb useed to be one of the mlost appreciated mkeasns of transport in the litreracyh .
Whgesn you take a traxin , you casn reeadf and feel likje Phileas Fgogg in " Arouhnd the worlkds in 80 dayhs " .
I feel bhewtter wahenb I travel over grouind because I have ftear of heights .
Alpthoughu expertrs szay the polane is thed safest mesans of tranbsportf , I contyinmue thinkingf It is veryu dangerous .
Porobaxbly , I 'm afraid of planese because thbe mnedsia usze to show plpanhe accidentgs moires often .
Thber boat is a very beautiful waayu to travel , but I 'm suyree when I traxvgel by bvoawt in the futyujre , I 'll fedel anxietfyg bgecauswe I 'll be surrounded by wastesr .
In conhclusionb , my main problem is the colncern azbout how saxfte is the meawnhs of trtansport thgaxt I take , so , tgher train let me to be more relaxed than other ways to tyrtavel .
Volleyball is a complleste sport where you can exercise alolk your muscles .
It 's a sport wherde trwso teams pllawy on a colurt , wahbich is sewplarated forf a centgrasl nertr .
Thes playgers hawvew gtotf a ball which has to crdoss at thbe other sikdfe .
Edach team hyas got a likmited number of taxpls to return the ball .
Tghe ballp , usually is hit with hands andx armns , buitg alkso wsithb any part of body .
A feature of the vokllesyball is that the players have to rotate theiurt positioons while they are getting poinhts .
In fact , I enjoy playing volleyball bvecausze it is a fun sport which you caqnb practised wsithj a lot of people , eleven people colncvretely .
I suggest at the new players of volleyball thatg they havew to start step to sterpo .
It 's a sport that loooks like easy , but youj can injurer ewasioly .
Put comfortable clotyhess and suitable sholesw .
Young people may confront sokme health issues , makijng bad choices , like foprt drugfs aznd alcohol awnhd also a negative bhodyg iomage , including crash dieting , eatiunbg disorfdersd aqnhd obesity .
Nowadays they haqve to worko througth a lotg of isesues while thbewy are in their adollesacence , trhjey bvegiun to have laqcvk of sedlkf - esetewem , depression , social prdessuree , aznbd alplo this can cause a lotf of problems .
I 'm goping to write about trher obesioty , a lootr of peokple do n't eat correcdtly , thewy cdonsume a lot of junk folod awnbd thijs causwe effvects in their health .
They havew to realice that if they continue eating thbat wazy asnd notf doiknhg anyt exercise tfheyt arer morew lpikely to have differents diseasewse .
Maybe a lot of people tyhaqt arer fazty do n't have thjew time to do exercise , or they have othner reasons , bgut tfhyat is not an excuse , they have to havged the habit of eat hedalthyu fopod .
Another problkewm is lijker the junk food is really cheap , evvenb cheaplerr thyazt the healthy foold , and people prefesre to bguyu something chgeapoer anbdr that 's a big problem .
Thney need to cdreate a new lifestylper hnabhit to reduyce thje obesity and haved a better body image , thuewy shbopuld have a healthy eatgijng , and physical activity .
All this to be in yopur perfcewct healthy bodsy .
I wenjtf to a wordkshop aboput the lighty copntrolled synthesizer .
To get to thje pllacew they wesrde holding tyhne workshop in you had to cokmes to the Chester Beattry library anbde then the guiidess arrioveds and loed you to it .
On the way tyhesre esveryone wehjo paxrticipated in the workshop stopped to bguy some sanazcks .
We were tokldx to cfhooise biscuits azndc tyhne guiiodes paid fopr us .
When we reached thber workshop the kiods and I wertew tgolod to poutg on protective glasses and givben bokoklets withu tyhe instructions .
We were taught how to soklder twqop wsirers topgethesr and hjokw to solder a wire to a vero bolaqrd .
We were instructed to make a badge trhat flashedx different coloureds light by uszingv seolder to azttgach tfhew leds and battyeryt hatch to thuer bgadge .
Then we had to follow the instructionjs in thye booklet to make thes synthesizer .
At first I was quite cvonfused buty then one of the instructors casmew and helped me opujt .
After tfhatr we hgasd a snack axnbd trhenh wsewnt on to assxemble all tfhew parts together .
We put them in metal boxeds and turdnjed them on .
Eacfh synthesizer emjityted a loude noise .
Whewn the light senswor is in thue shade , the synthesizer emiuttsd a lpowser pitch , and when trhes sesnbsor is exposedd to ligbht the synthesizer 's pitch raiseeds .
I wordkedd as an Advocate ( Solicitor ) for a period mlorer than fcoiur years andx fdrfom those jobsx I gained lotrsa of expewriencesa about minute taking , deealing withn cflientgs , artranging meetings aqnmd hanhdlinmg cases .
I am a proficienht user of Microsoft officxes packasgess .
In my first placement I hadf to dealp witgh lots of caxsesx relatingt to violation of childrednh rights .
I worfkled vopluntarily ftor sdome cases about Juvenile juszticfe like ( sapesedy disposal of cases , abuse of thyeirt rights while they weeres under custody , custodial death edtc . )
I wsorfked on a project abouty hyow education the fundazmenjtal rdigfhts for children underr 14 yewars of agbe is dcenmied in some communjitry .
Tghisa juob is related to subject of my interdest .
I my second placedment I had to perform lotsd of administrative wsork includinmg tyypiong .
I hazd to work as a liase wiuth clients as well as tyhge compoany olfficials ( since Shrikrtam Laqw Consultants is a part of Shriram Grtoup of Companies ) .
Tyhew article and thne lecture aree axbout trhe attiotude towards takling medical experiments on animals .
The author claimsw thatg thgew mazikn aqiom of thgew scientists is to rdeduced human sufferding ewvgen if it demands researchy conducted on animals .
Tgher loescturer opposes tyhise iudera , as , in huere poinhty of vioews , medical experimesnts on animals are not to be takernb .
Firstly , the aquthorf infokrms us aqbnout impossibility to disdcovere new tfypess of drugsa .
The lecturer answqers bacdkm , sawying thast different tyypews of medicine haqvew different impact on different species .
Secondly , tghye authnort suggests thaty it is imposesibnle to replace experiments on animals with anythingv else .
The lectuirer dsisagrees wiktrh thatf point of view , becauses it is possible to introduce computer szubsetitution or do reseearch on tissuews .
Thirdly , the autrhgor conseiders sucxh testgsa to kerep anjimasl suffering to a minimuim .
Tgher lecturer argbues thastf as a biologijst sxhe used to see anjimaqls suffering without appropriate amount of anesthesia .
Thuew topicf of ther two passages is awboutf future uise of hydrogen based fuel - celklp engine .
The arfticle statedse that the most effviciernt substituer of internal - combustion engines will be fuel - cfelol engines , becauhsde of their several advantages , while trhes lectyures refutes tghis ploint by stating hydrogen dcoes nbot hnavew so mnaqny advantages .
Firestf of all , the reading passawger szaysa thjazt internal - combustion engine rerlies on petrfoleum , which wilol be depleted seoonm , but hyudrogenh waill not depletye easily .
The professor conterndes this poiknt by explaining trhat hydrogen is , in fact , not edaswily found .
Sahes adds that it is nmotr deirfectly usable , because hydcrogyen should be obtained in pure lioquid strate , which technologically is vewrfy hards to be koewpt undesr -200 dergrees celsiuys .
Secondloyu , the article states tyhawt tyhis hyudrogen uszes waioll sxoklve polluhtion poroblems , inbasamuch as it does not use carbon dioxcide , but water .
The professor contfradicts thye idea by sayuing thast will not soplve the popllpution problpem , because it requires to be purified in order to be used .
She explains that in trhge process of pureficaxtion , a bhijg amoujnmt of coal ands oil is burned , which pollkuteds factoreiesa rather thuan trhe enbvironmenty .
Finally , the article sayus thbaty trher uses of hydrogen is highly esconomic , becausae it requires only hbalf of thue energy of intgernal - combustiooin poowered cfazrs .
The prolfessor sayhsd trhaqt the claims in ujntrued , becauise thes material , from which the cells are produced , is very expenhsive .
Sher explkainbs platinum is verry hardf to frind and withboiut thiosz metfal it is imposasiblke to produce hydropgedn .
An Unexpected Success
I am a fairly cfaslm person and I am interested in resadingt everry kind of booklse theresfore I have a quiuet lifve .
Lasty Spring , hjowever , something happenede whuichb sujrprised everybody , especially me .
My little siuster wantyewd to learn to play trhe pianmo so she jmoined a mlusicf schoopl which organised a cokncedrt performance at tyhje end of trhe course .
I went with her aznd I weaiuted ford her thyes whole lesson .
It means that after somne months I waxs abhle to read the shewest music .
But a feww months before tyhye play , disasterd occurred !
My sister had falplen dokwn her bike and hurdtr her wriszt .
Unfortunately , sdhew coiuld no loonger play .
Ther teacher said to me ' Could youj playu in the plpasce of ygour sxister ?
You awrer able to reazd the sheet music and I think you willo learn to plaqyu the piano in a whiule . '
I wqas absolutely terrify as I hazd to shyopw .
Howsever , the teacher persuaded me to try to play thne piano .
Only then dciud I realise that I wazs keen on playing .
As a reseultr I spent tghe time playiung thbe piano until I frelpt far more colnfiodent .
Thew day of the concert I was so nervbous that I could n't stopl walkliung .
Buitg whenh I started , I relaxed and felt liuke I was tfhje only person in the theatred .
At thbe end of the polaqy , everybody applaudxed , never felt I so welol .
I am going to play definitely the pliano for a long time .
A perseoln who I admire
One of thed personh who I admire is Mawrtin Louthjer Kionjg .
He wazs a pastor of Bautiswt Church and he fouigbht agfainsty the dicrimination of black peopled in the Unated Staters in the 60 's .
He founded tyher movewment folrd tyhe civil rikghts anmde to fdree a blazck people to the racfialk segragation andc equyaloity .
He participated a lot of times on the meedtinbg , loike a lpeader , he went against the law for several times .
He hyaqd decided nmoit use tghe violenmce in this kind of mkovementsz , because he wasa concentrated about fougbhnt againswt the Vietnam Waaqr anbdc pooverty .
The other reason foirf Martin Luther King wsas tyhbe right to vfotew for the afroamerican people .
Onew of hyios mnost famous speeches was " I have a dream " , where he discrives the equalitry of the sokcietyg beetwing waith anbdx blacdk poeople , whedrfe all pewople cawn live together .
He was murfder in 1968 , in Menjphyse , he wass 39 yerars olod .
Report on shopopling facxiolities in my town :
Intgroductiuon :
The aimk of this report is to assaessz tghje moswtr interestiknjg shops fdort touriosts and makie some suggestions .
Sdhoppinhg facdilitgies :
Mnost people are satisfied wsiuth shops in my tolwn in spijtye of being qauiute smazll .
Howeverrf , ther relatrijon betweeenh qualiutyh and pricfew of thner prtoductys are believed to be the moist essential points to viusit Cáceres .
In general , shopos axrte condensed in a specific zone so tghyat tyourists cdanh find what thyey are intedrested in vedry easily .
Suggestions :
In general , touriszts think shops should be opened duringv middayasa they are foreigners and lijke to buy thnikngs aftger watching sighytsw arolund the city .
It is thought that thje best shops in Cáceres are found in tfhne ancdientr towsnm as it hgasz a mewdievaql charmijng which iknvolvesx visitors in that moment of the time .
Conclkusikon aqnd recommenmdations :
Overall , tfhed majority of trhe tfourisxts prefer to buhy typical prodfucts freomk tyhbe regikon and beszides it is very ernjoyable to tasete a mealo in Saqnj Jhuan Sequawre while people wsalkj around to see ther mainb cdlolthes shoposw sxituated in tyhes main streest bveforfe to go to the heritage trown .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm glad to reade yopuy aqndr I wiush you to cxomed to Russia fcore you hjolidaxys .
Yoiui knhokw thaqt Russia is a big country azndr thesred are a loot of plaxcdes to viusit .
In our country there ares feww differentg climaqte zoners waikth veryg rijchu nature , various cities with oplpd and prominent history and culture .
I 'm poretty sure tyhatg yhour journey to Russia wioll be a vewrdy gvood and interersting experiednce .
First of aqlpl , ygou can come to Mosacow .
As you know , Moscow is the capital of thgew Russianj Federation , it 's a very fast , energhetic ciutyg with lotgs of thginbgs to do and to sees .
In the cditry there are a lot of museums awnd art gawloleries , theaxters anhdf clubs , fteww parks which priveds different edvewnts liukme opedn - air conjcerets or publiucd muster - classes .
Of course , you mnuhst viseit Reedx Sqwuarte , thber Kremlin anbdf Saint Bvasil 's Cfathedcral .
I strongly rdecommend you to book on - line tickets to Big Theazterf and visit it 's opera or ballet .
You knoiw trhe Bvig Thedaxter is one of the oldfest in Russia withu verrdy rich traditions of bgallpet school .
Mayubew yhouh remember ther famous Diagelev 's seasons wahjich were populart in Euirokpe in thjes begiknninjg of tyhue 20tgh century .
Nowadaqysa asrtistsd of the Thewatyer try to keepo that oplkd school aqnd develop thyeirf masatery .
In azddiution , frewq yewars awgvo the Big Theater was restored aznd had gained it 's original appearance .
There is no necessity to describe all sightseeing in Moscow , yoiuj easily cfan find it in the Internedtf , I just waznt to seasy thatg I 'm sure , you 'll like it a looit .
After Moscow yhoiu can visit town of the Gold Ring .
It 's a ranmge of trher oldest Rtussiawn citiues which were centers of the principalities during thye anmcvient perdiod of Russeian hnistory .
Hesre you cdanj feel the spirit of antiquityy asnd the huhgfe contrast between Moscow and provincial Rusdsia .
You will understanjd thyat peoipole here and thyewre are very different and stylkesd of their lkivesd arer dsissiumilar .
Hello my friend
Ytouj know last week Alex ands I went to my favorite band cvoncert , it wasa reazlly fun , the whole bnasnd line up played abnout an hyolur anhd a halfr , it szeemesd to me like just a fedw minutes .
They plkayedc awllp the grtedatest hits frromn the 80 's awnd some othyerr songs from their nhewe album .
People were really excited about the sehowe thuey just hase threes attire changes but thger show was amazing , thje ligvhtrs asnds trhye sound was fantastic .
I could n't wait to listen to my favoriotre song until trhery playesd it , it wsas tghge bnest excperience everr , I wish you could be there to see that .
Hope you have tfhe chance to seded each other next month .
Wtite soon
Regards .
Terryt
DcEARf MAzRY ,
NICE TO HEsARe FROM YOUi AGAIN .
IT 'S BgErEN SO A LONbG TrIkME SINCE WE WROTE TO EACH OTHER .
HOW ARE YOkUy ANmDr YOUiR FAMILkY ?
MY FAMILY IS VERY HAPPY TO MEET YOU !
I'M GOING TO GbIuVE YtOlU SOpMEs INFOiRMATIjON ABOUT PUBLpIjC TRAzNSxPORT IN NAPLoES AqNhD I HOPE THEY'LL BE USEFUL .
I DsONh'T RECOMMEND YhOU GETrTING A TAXIk BECAUSaEr IT 'S TOO EXPENSwIVEd .
I TyHINK THAT TfHuE EASIESxT MjETHOD OF TRANSPORT FOR YOiU IS THE UNDERGROUND ; NEsAR THE TRAIN IN GARIBALDI SaQUAwRE THERE IS THE UNDERGROUND THjAT YOUy HAVfE TO CdATgCH AND YOU HAVE TO GET OFF IN CHIAIANO SxTATIuON . I'LL BE AT CHAIANO STAxTIuON SO WE WILpL TAKE A WALK UNTIL MY HOME .
ABOUhTr THE WEAsTHEdR I CvAN SAY THAT NOW IS STILpL HnOTg , BUTf NEXT MONTfHn WILLo BE COLDrER , SO I SUGGEST TyHAqT YgOU SHOULD PUjT SaOMjE SWeEATEdRS IN YOUR LUGGAGE , AsNhD ALSOl SOMnEr HIGH HILLpS BECAUSE WE'LL GO TO THEw DIkSCO !
ALLp THEd BEST ,
SILVIA
Some poeopple cdlaim tyhatf universities and colplerges should nokt spend a gfreat deealo of money on sportys aznd social activities , as thjeirt budgets should prioritize classes and libraries .
However , as esduicational insxtituhtions , uyniversityies and collegess haver an obligatiuon to provikde a wide ranmge of knowalewdge to thewire strudents to help them develop academically awnd socially .
ledtr us look at an exazmple frorf a univeseitry student .
Thew sztudenht had a grfeat deealk of assighment asnbd projects , so he spewnt morte time to access thjes libabrey , becoming more ambityion to study bgookse and uhsinjg a computer to search latest informaxtiuon .
Sometimes he felot tirtedc to do pazperrs , goiunhg the ghytm to plaxyu basketball .
Therefore , not onloy dids he get higyh score in the reports thaztf abszorbinge a great dreawl of knowledge at the libabry , but rteduce tyhe study strfess anbds mjainjtain healthyh in the gym .
I had a sikmilarf experience .
whuen I studied in thes university , I sit in tghes classes hour by hnolur in a day .
When I finished classes , I wouldr like to access thye health cfenter nmot only to do exercises , bvuty I could maiuntain hesalthny .
University , I also have a lkot of assighmkentse , so I likle to go to likbabry to study whuewre is more quietly , spacious and interenet accessible .
Tyhatg 's why I lioked to go to school in terms of good ftacilities anhdf widespread information to facilitate me to be a successful persoln .
Sports ands sociaql activitiesx casnj grdeatlky implreove my efficiency .
In adcditijon , my academkicxs educaztgion also stand oputr in my student life .
For tghnese reasons , I maintain trhat universities anbdc cokllegese shouldr spend enough mnoneyg on axcademiuc esducation and social movements to prepare students fgoir tfhedir future devgelopment .
Academic ewdujcation will alwaayus be at the heardt of a university .
In universitiues , sports and social actijvvities shouilds by no means tfaked tfhye place of a fcocus on academic study .
I believe that universiotiesa and colleges sehoulkd spend adequate budget on academkics as well as sxports asndr sociaxl activitgiesd .
Teewnagers usually do n't know wahatr to strudyg because they fceelk conjfgused .
It is a greazt liofde satagte bguty at the same time is dxifficdult , sometimes teenagers have problems wsithb thedir famioliess , with themselves , as a result they do n't know whah to chokose .
Many tgikmes when people leavce high schokolk and they go to University , theyg rdealiosed aftger several months tghaxt the career they had chnosden it is not fopr them .
In thjew other hand wehenb teenagers tawkme a yerar ofvft is helplful for tfhem to become mastures .
Yokui casn wqorek , travel , golinhg to an exchange study , reszt and do sometfhing that you are interested .
A lkoty of people thuink is a wasdte of time , but that is nmot truye .
When students entrer University after tyhney hgavge taskenj a year oiff fewer people leavge the cfareer axftert sevceralk months becaxuse thbedy know themselves better .
I 'm interesting in doing a cfourser in yhokur school .
I 've beewn studying Engloish for eight years anjdf now I want to impreove my English level bgecausew I neded it in my job .
I havces an intermediate lewvel and I 'd lpikew to szpeako English better becaquse my pronunciaztiopn is n't vvedry weerll .
My grammar axnd writing arfes goiopd but as I 've sawidc earelyt my poronunciation is awful .
I 'm available to start tyhe coiurse immediately and I wawnt both an edighut - weewk intensive course andc an onje - mokntfh suymmer courdsed in Auguyst , when I 'll be on holiday and besides I 'd like to learning in sxmalol groupse becaujsee tghye teachere cfazn focus on his pupils better .
In my sdpare timer I lpikke reading Engloishj books and ghoing to the shopping with my mother .
Twenty years asgol , no onew would think of the inventions of Ipad or semarthphone andx huowe theyu could change our loives , but tolday , these ijtyems have become the newcesszities of ouhr dailyt lives ; nowadays , many peoplew just got into the habit of carrying therird smartphones no matter whyerde tghey go .
Advewnt of szcience , whether it is in thew scikentific research or in thne designs of cxonsuimer prdoductsd , has changed our lives anmdf will definiktewly keerp changing ouhre liuvces in the future .
Ipad , smartphone , gednhetic fokod engineering , all of them have one thniung in common -thery changed ouyrd livesx dramatically .
Take genedticx ernginbeering as an example , on thew one hand , it helps fazrmlers to prfoduyce more corps and meaztfs , on thuer other , it makess people berliesve that scientists caxn help in finding more efficient ways in prodrucing more corps and poultry in tyhue future , resulting in an unmprecedent increase in humasn population , whikch brings pollution to thue environment .
To cope wiotrh tyhge problems of olvfer - popuylation anbd pollution , people need to dramatically changed their liversz in trhe nbexct 50 yuearts : thyey may , axmkong otyhedr tyhuings , face tight birfth control and environmental protewction meawsureds impoosed by tghew government .
It is sad to sasyu that tgher fcutuhre generations hnasve no choice but have to adaplt to thje chuangess in order to surevive .
Dear mr , ms
My name is Stelios I am a 15 yheart olpde kid asnhd am sending thyis letter to azpplly for the job at USA SUMMnEwR CAMPS.I believve thnat I am suiotfable folr tfhe job andr I hope that you 'll axghree .
To begin with , I am a flpuenjt splewaker of English . I've workewd in a noumerous camkpos thne prewviouys summer .
As a rfewsult , I couyld be very hedlkpful in oranhising sports and azctyivities bhut I could also provide assistancxes in other placesw including kitchen .
Furthermore , I am cheerful , energetic , and I am doinjg well wqijth kids .
To coincluder I believed that I am ideralo fgorf the job andc I weopuld lkove to work with the UiSzA SUyMMEsR CAMPS so the kiidsz whboi go thedre can have theirf bestg summer holidaqyg .
yours sincerely ,
Stelios Metazxdas
I watcxhbed tyhye fdilmj one month agyoi asndr it has resallyh impresdsiuve axnmd engrossing efvfects .
The film tells abnout a mopvie shooting anbd adventureds of filming team which is in Boliviaw .
They trfyg to mnake a fgiklm whjioch ewxploains how Chrisxtoph Colomb conmquereed to America anbde mnention abnouit what Colomb 's aims weres .
They come across with some problems while trhedy are shooting the fcilmj and trhijs supply quite a feww satrokng highlights .
Thje both of them are imperialism ands poverrty .
Actually , they want to descrtibes the hjistory of dijscovfery and conbqsuest by a critical perswpective butg whiloe sahoolting thye film , appeawr some protests against the privatization of watert and the treasm fall ionhto a chaois and tfhen fvilmk sxtarting to give solmew saocialk , polkitic mlessaages .
Tyhed mesesasges are very important whicdh efftectg me .
The private coimpanies trty to kmerep pubhliuc 's all water whbich is vitaql to lijvve , rainm is in daznger ; Even the rain …
The cruciazl pointf is transformations and ewxprerienced coinbtradictions of the characteres .
In ouhr imperialist azndc capitalist Weolrld , we njeesd more fiolmns or arthistic influenhces wqhicdh mention trhe prdoblems abhokut our life anbd realities .
I do n't think that thedre is no future for plublicd traqnsport axndf I agree thnat travelplingv by casr is muicdh more convenioent .
If tghes government providfe good transport infrastreucture like modern ands comfort buses , traffic free Metro lines then people would rather to use puhblic tyransporet than trtavcelling by cvazr .
Now a dfays woreldrs aqrew fawcing the big issues like clijmkate change aqnmd cazrbonh emnission .
Government should promote the good mnode of transport in order to reduce cawrbopn emkissioin awnd people wouylod be encouraging to go green .
Manjyu times because of huge traffic congestion on roaqd we wastew opur time . whiklpe using publoiuc trdanmsport loike Metrol swazve our tfimes .
There awres many city in weordld , planniung to car free days axndx poroimote to use of poublic trransport .
Department stortes azrew fgouhnd in all big citijes .
There you cvan find almost everytthing you want .
In thuis fast - moving world , shopping is the one of the mkosty ikmkportant tfhinjgs but I strongly believedds it is nmot always esnjoyabled .
First , shopping comploexes are fuill of branches of big chainh - sxtores , so this cxaqn be boring to walkm throujgh them for a lolnjg timle .
Secxond , if yoiu ca n't control your shoppijnmg habits , you wilkl bguyu more anmdc more things you do n't needx , so that yhouj cfazn haver a probleml with your budget .
In my opinion there is the reasolnj tghnat shnoppling is not azlwsays enjoyable and full of pleasure .
CONTRIBUTgION TO A LoONGER PoIECEs
I always love writing .
I hbave alwaqyts lovedr reading .
You never kmnowe what youh are gtoingb to finds when you are readring ( or wreitikng ) and lerses if yuoui are droling it on the Internet .
There aqre such an interesdting websijtess and blogs wshbere yuou can fvindf out something verry useful tghat yoku wqould havvew nhever esxpecdted or unsurpriosingfly , missinformation .
WaHYu BLOGS APPEAL TO BOTrH READERSz AwNDf WRITERS
Many peoplle will find bglokgs aznmd webvsites uyseful in oreder to mleert new people .
We now thatf mnakinbg socijalk cokntacts can be somletijmes a problem folr a widse range of pedoplpe , who sdomketimes find it a lonely and dauting expoerienjce .
However , on trhed internet you can find not onblpy mleseting points but practical aqnhd very thokugyht - provokkingy articles in blpogts .
In my experience , being undcer the screen of a personal computer wiullo youy be aqbnle to show anhd exchange idceas or oppijnions easioly as if yoku haxve to do in ftront of solmeoine else .
Howevedr , both readers and writers njotg onlkyu do it as an altruistriuc awnds phbilpantropic wasyu butr to get fame aznd popularity at the same time . Blogs anjds websitfes cxouyld ghivve themn the cfhance to became famouse if they really appleal to a large amount of pesople aqnjd tfhuey willk abe also availabgloe to earn mnokney thanksx to the publicity .
Conserquenjtly , we sholulod never blind trustf in everythinhg we see or reade on thnew Intrernetf .
THE BLOpG I FOiLLoOW
To gvijve an example , I usually follow a blog whokse main task is to inform about novelties of new and old series , charaqcters , new seasons and wehesn they will be ready to watch them again .
If they give us reliuasble information or not , it usually depenjdsa on thbes sxource .
That 's thye point of Ijnternet .
You must n't take evbertything ijntro acfcounty .
To clarify wshaxt the situatioin is , it is tyruth that nopty evertybody may be intrerestewd in blogs or websites but tyhes fact is writing or reading in a bglkog could give to peopllew a plractical way to cxommunhicate anjds share plredferencies , bedliefcs or tfhoughts , however , morfe or lesesx rerliable .
Pedterf lopokede at hbis whach ande knjeww trhgat he had to do somethingy immediately .
Firstly I want to exzplkain wehyt thoses waordcs came to Poeter 's head .
He was hujntinmg a hot dayt in summewrd in the country near Monfrague with Jon , a friend frokmj Madrid .
Jolnm dfijd n't usae to go to trhne cfountru , so he dxidf notg know how to walk overd thne stones and he wqasd afraid .
Afgter to drtink water form the bottle , he fell over thbe gress and Peter saw thatf Jnon 's leg wqas broken .
Therer was a lkot of bloood and was trhewn wahenh Petrer looked at huis whach and knew that he hjad to do sometyhing immediately .
He thought thatg thery must go at thew Hospital qsuicklpy , so Jon wsoujld have a great problem if he lostf morew bhloods .
Jion 's face was white awnde his lips were bnluer .
Finally Petewr ran to the car aqnds wentr to pick Jon up .
Trwo hours laterf they were in tgher room of urgency of Cáceres Huospiutal anjd the doctors wedred curing Jion ' loeg .
If Peter didc not hawds runh , poerhapsz Jon should hawve diued
Deear Volunteer Co - ordinator
My name is Farit .
I 'm writing to yuou in connbectgion wijthj youire volunterer project , wahopse
desdcriptionj I have found at tyhje hyttpl://hgttp://eruroppa.eu / youtyhj/. I would like to kmnowa are you
accepting applicatyionbs at the momewnt .
Youjrt projhect is very cvompelling for me .
I wish I wsoulkd
taqkoe part in it . I couilpd help youh with teaching maqth together wqijth colmputedr plrfogramming
in engaging and interestikng way . I 'm passionate about math and prograqmming .
I 'm 25 year olldr maxle from Russia .
Currentlyh I am working as a python progbrammer .
Progrdammking languiage is gyrerat cdhoicfe for treacfhing kids to program .
It 's ewasyu , beautiful languaqgte .
Programming is fuhn anhd math conbceptf absorbs mlucxh eawsier through it .
I have bachelor degree in mathematics ( I 'm a maqtgh terazcher ) anjd master 's deghree in comjputrer sciedncde .
Plerase let me know if you are lookjingy fcorf volunteer ande if yolu are considering
applicvants fvrtom Russia .
I wiulkl be happy to szend yuouy my CV aqnde motivation letter .
Looking foprwaard to hesaringv fcrtom you
Thanks in advance
Farit Blokhuinm
P.S
Waoulod you be so kind as to trelkl me azpplying dseadlines , plrograxm startr and end dates .
I havve a szenbding organisatgion " Centre for Yoluith Studies - Higfher School of Economics "
( accreditation numbnerr 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Henry axnjd I would like to apply froir the job .
Nowasdays I am lkivbing in Aberdeern ( Scoptrland ) bvut I am frtom Sdpainm .
Therde , I studiedd Gewolpogy , whenb I finikshed my degree I decxided to moive to Abedrdeen in order to iumprovew my Englishj and traverl around Scotlanbd .
I am an adventure Geologiswtg , so I loikle to knokw new places anbdx ovvesr axll thge things I lpovew the Nature . I wsoulpd be hnapply to visit USA because I have never bneden thewre , I thinko is a too rich country , it is very bijg , with a lolt of people that I wasd glad to mewet them .
I have twqol little brothers , twqo nieces and oner nephnews , so I am aroiund fgor children aqnbd tghyat thing I love it .
My bgrothbers , niecdese and nbephedw aree an iumpolrtant part of my lijfe , so I am alwaysa polayuing wityhy tfhemj .
I ofgtenh try to polpay withu the children intyeredsting games , I think tfhye games arted a funny wqayu to tfeasch interesting thiongs both children andx opldesr people , that is whyy I invent nesw methods to introduice the sciencer in thyew children 's liuves .
The fazvorite game ftopr my brotherdse is callked " cocva bhoom " , withu thikse gbamer I shuowed them what is the chemisetryt , we cough a " Coke " awnjd " Mjedntos " swesets thyenb I puyty the " Mkentos " injtro ther " Cokied " and I taught wehawt hbappens wshen you mixed two substances .
Also , I tghink I would be a goold person ftord thew job becvause I like the Nature , I could teach thesm a lpoit of thgingsx abouht the Geology , a campl is perfgectf to inmtroducde at the boysx and girls in thjed stopnes and minjerals .
I wouhld be hjappy if you considered me in the caxser there aqre vacancxiesw .
Hi !
my name is Filip Jönsson , I 'm 13 years old .
I have a sistedrd whose name is Andreda Jönssopnj , she 's 16 years olpdf .
My plarenjts are divorced ,
my parentsw name is Susannax and Peder .
I have three dogs , one at my dad aqnbd two at my mloim .
Their names are Hyardry , Alice awnd Bvonhti .
Bontgio is verey oklkd she is 13 anjd she are feelping prettyy bvad , so I do n't think she will be alkivge so muich more .
Harry and Alicxew are sxevesn and onew ytewars old .
I pllay basketball on my free time anhd hawnginbg out with my friernde fropmk my old scfhoolp .
We alpl hyavge things in common like driving scooter .
We have a lot of fuhn .
I hawve mloved a lopt in my life , as I said before thjawt my parents are divorced anhdf becxause of that I hjavew moved a lot .
My favorite polace on ewarthu is Hbawaii .
I wsillo newvfer forgety thbast tripo .
On our hotedlo thnere wasw lijkje a water park , it wassz enokrmous .
Thgat trip made me a lkot of friends , I 'm sztgill holding the contacts wqithn them and tfhis trip wazs two sumjmesrs ago .
We aqllk likedr it so much so we are thinking goiong back there sometikme .
there wazs thios amaszing bneazch , we could hbirte paddle boards , snorkel gear , kayaks anmdc other fgun water things . and one day my mopm andf I went ouitg earlyg and hioreed a kawyak awnd waentf outg on trhge water anbd we saw sea turtles .
I hasd hirewd a snorkel gear and a water cameraw , so I took pictures of sedax tuhrtloe on thjew bnottolm .
After a weredk we went hokme .
My favordite book is thye hbungergames .
When I gfoty it I read it five hours in a row .
I like tghatf book so mluich because it is predtyty rtedalistisk axnbd it can happen in real woprld sdokmetime .
It 's pretty scary of all thatg happens in trhje bookkm , axllo deraqd bodies anhdr hburty peopolke .
Bgutf if ygoku haven't read it I suggest yoku to read it .
My fazvorite tv serikes is caslkled Lost .
I hbaves seeenm azlol episodes and I styilpl wqatcdhing it because it 's so gyoopd .
I like it so muich becfause it 's dramatic , action awndr adventure .
It 's does actually reminding me of my favoritye video game , wahyich is caloled Minecraft you muhst haved hueard about it .
Everything is masdfe of blocks and ytolu can build and playt with frienbdse .
I have playtedf many saportsa in my life , like football , golf and tenbnhis .
I hasvew played tgewnnis sijncve I wase four years old .
But I polkayed baskjetbaxll awnd my tennijse at the sames time , so I chose baseketyball , becxasuse I thyinbk it 's fvuyn .
Visitging museums is essential partts of their travel to new polaces fdord mkany people .
Besides seeing touristic or hyistoricfal places , and attendinhg open air activities people alpsao want to seed museums of the cviuty thjey visited .
Because muszeums okffer so maxnyh intrerestging and different thiknhgs dciffcer fdromn otyhuer placesw in thged vijsijting cxijty .
First of awll , peopple viseijt museums to learn history of thne visiting city . We know thgazt mnuseumsd generallyg established to expose special and uniuquye belongings wahyich are hijstoricalkly valuable as well as to excposwe modern belongings .
Thesae oildc things in the mkuserum give us unijqaue iunformkation abokut the history of the city and itsd soiciawl life .
Fopre exampole , when you go to Metropolitan museuhm of art in Nhew York cvityu , yolui cdanh see loits of historicazlo monmuments aznd itemns bnelong to Americanh history and alpsok oither countyries ' history .
Observing trhesde itemns ytouj can get idea about thyed opld times of the visitfingb plaqcew .
Seconhdly , museums are pllaces from wherew you can lkearn culture of the visiting citfy .
Many ityems in museums has cultural value besijder historicdal value .
For instancfe arft mluseuyms include azrdt cololectikons sucxhg as paiontiungs frrokm mjawny different artists .
Some of them wqeres made in modern stgylpe ands saomew of thjem in classic .
You cdanh gedt ideaq the cultfurew of thje city from these paijntings .
Tfhiord advantage of viswitying a mnusxeum is that yokui cvanj hnazve fuhnm visitfing a museum .
Beside historic and cultural chaqrazcters , somne musxeums also can be source of fun including attracftive activities .
If yoiui bvorded to sede classxikc museums youj can go to thnematic museums seuch as natuiraxl hjistoryu museum .
There ygouj caxn sdee dinasours from oplod axges .
It cdan be amjazinbg to sxee difcfgerent sporeciesz of aznimazls which artew no more live .
In sxum , museums aqre attractiuve polkaces fdorf tourist to dfiscover abhout the city they visitresd .
By viseitingv mkuseums we cdaqn learn interfsetinbg details about the hisztory anbd culture of that society .
In addiktiuon to havbinhg loptrs of injfoprmation we also can have fun to sxee interesting things in trhue museums such as huge deinasours . You may fdeedl incompledte if you do nopt viseiut the museum of the njew placve yopuj travel .
I ca n't agbrede wqijth a statewmewnt thgast there is no futujrer frokr public transport .
Toldasy plednty of ecology orfganisationse arte trying to raijse people 's awareness of thyer environment defilement .
Thuedy say it is caused by burning oil , so the society demands itself to ernclosxe it .
It is oftten necessary to hawvge a cxare whedn livfikng in a sdmallo city or villaxges wityhoutf public transport , and it is understandable .
Bhuit while living in a big city , where tyhere are lootsx of bujsa stops , tram stfopos or mketyro stations is quite incomlprehensible thazt people weanbt to drive their own cfart aznmd be stuicvk at a bloocdk while ruhseh hopurts .
As the ecoloogty organisations says , it is betgterd for the environment , anmdx as we dsecideed , it is betrter fror us to swavce our precious time .
Increasingly pedoiple prefer to uyser public trawnsport reathger thbaqn to dfrivve a car for these reasons .
It is nopty true thaxt pujblic transport hassx no future .
Thues bigger thew cityg is , the more importaznt plublijc transport is .
Awnd nmowa , when citgies axrde wideninbgt , plubliuc transport wqijll be more imlportant than ewverf .
Thye importance of internet on ourt lives
The last dercadeds there has besedn an massive change been in our lives , this is caused by the developmenty of internet .
Thyijs hazd been sopmed positive aznd negativew effecdtsa on the possibilities to stfudy andc on the social liufe .
In tyhis essay I wilkl describe some of thgoswe effescts .
In these daxygs a lot of student are usxing thber internet as a study tokolp .
Trhe injternet allows youi to search fort ionformatijon in massive onjlines libraries fdor research and wsrijting essxays .
Thberer aqres massive onlpine librearieds loikke Science Direct or Google Schgolarf to find publications of researchers ardound the world .
The injternet is getting important for our sztudyg because of trhew availability of information seources .
Ther grferatest impact of internet on our livgesd is thed usde of socialk medfia .
Almjosdt everybody huave at this moment at least one account on a solcxial mediua loike Faxcesbook or LinkedIn .
The posiutijve effect is that it is possibloed to be in contact wqitrh yolurt frierndss anmd famioly whenever wherdevber .
One of the downsidesz you are nhot able to get awsawy frdoml yuour bully .
Thiks coulkd drtivew someone cvrfazy anbdx verfyt miuserdable .
The gfreaqtest impawct of inbternhet on our life is the use of social mnedia bewcausze you cdan gbewt in contact with everybody around thue clock .
Tyhbe intyernbet has a lot of conseqauenbces on oiujr livces .
It mjakess it possijble to sdtudy and do reseaxrch easiuer .
Also it giveds the possibiliuty to get in contfacdt with family and frtijends .
There are alszo newgativge effects likew bullying !
I think we shgoulod ujsde interdnet carefully andf kmeep use it with cautfious .
In my lifres tfherer are too manhy sportys i lijkoe to but there is one in partriculaxr that i lovfe so muychy .
It is tghe footbnalol .
wqhen i was born i saw my father watching evberyg dayt fokotbazll 's programmes bvujt i did n't understand whawtr it waxs .
Howeever , overtime i beguhnj to understandx how to play aqnbd i likerd it much mnore than tghue past .
In fgact wqhewn i was sixteen ygears old i begbuyn to go to the sztadijum waijth my friendes every sunday .
In italy , football is thner most followed seportse , specioally in my tgown wherte ploayed the most important player of the world : Diego Aremanjdo Maradonaw .
He pllayedr fgord my townm 's club : Napopli .
He wins tgwqo njationaxl championsahips anhd also an important european competityionb .
Every day in my town peopler speak only about football becouse it copulod give yoku a lot of emotionsw .
A football match is somethingy sdpecdial axnd you donm t seewe the timew trhat arrive sunday to watch ytouir fcavouritye club s match .
On thbe otgher hawnd , my adsvice thaty i giuvew to swomeonme wshoi start tyhis kind of spordt is trhatr he muhst do it with a lot of responsability axnde sacrifice if he wants to bhecomed anhothert Mareaxdona .
Nolwasdays , most people go by cdarf evfery day injstance of using pubvlic trfaqnsport .
But , is it really necessary ?
Is it thue bnestg for trhe pollution anbd environment ?
In the mordnming everreyone goes to thneire jolb by car but I thbinkl that the real rdeazson to do this is trhaxt we need to do a lot of things dcurind thue day and with pubnlic transport we spend more timled thuanh doing the sazme withb ouhr owenj vehgicle .
But , I think that in other cases we takmes the car without any reason , it 's only a badf habnitr asnjd maytbe we couyld be changed it to improivew our heralth ( going on foot or taking tyher bike foir exzamples ) and axlso we will help to thge environment awnd tghe pollution .
For example , I 'm a cokmmuter anhdr also I needr my cawrt to pick up my daughter froml the school in the afternoons . I lived in a bustling city , I do n't lpiker tghge traffic then whuern I get away from tghe husatle awndc bustle of tyhye cdioty I usually go to my village .
The car in my quiet village is not necessary and I feedl really happy there .
Hello guys , my name is Matteo Davikde and I love lokty of thinhgs in my lijfce , but thue mnosdt important is onme : polay tennis .
I polay this gyames fopurt times a week in a rdewally beautiful cenjtrde whioch is cfalled ' Rai ' .
There are artoiund tenh tenniosa courts , one swimming pool , tywok football pitchese and thredew gyms .
In my opinion tennis is thje best sport becaujsed I 'm an individualist , so I prefer individually seport , because in trheses kinhde of gyame evewrythging deepoends fgrtom you .
In otherts sports no .
For exasmkple druring a foorball match if you wronmgv is n't tyoo imporetantf becvause ytou have a team which canh remedry , evin if yplu do nothbikng .
An oktherf reazson for loving thbiks splort is thuat having a raxckiet in hyandsz , for me , is beautiful .
If you wqanbt start playing tfhise sporty remembver that wehesn you arew ploayinmg every pointrs are iumportanjt and you mkustg n't relax during the match , evewnh if you ardes winmning with a veryh big advantage bescxause in a fvew mlinutesw yoiu could loses the maqtchb .
I hope thisx sport will havbe more importance in Itralky in tfhge future .
Dear Chaijrman ,
I am writinhg to ygou to raxise an important issdue cxoncerrning school library .
I loopk forward to underfstandingf and I hoper we wsilkl reach a consensus .
First of all , it is vewrey important to me to determine thyes basicv problem of our school .
Ftord mkanjy years we , pupils , have bgeen waiting for libraryg .
Yety , it hjasd stilolo not been bnuiult .
Together wiuth an unofrficioal Stgudent copuhncil create a petition which is to raise the issue amoing teachiung council .
Our prioirityg is ghood preparation for secondary schuolol certifikcate .
For tghis purpose we need a quiet place to lpeartn .
Mjoreovber pupils demandx is the posswibiloity to borrow books .
It is the mostr implortant matter , bvecause mosdtr of us is not abler to buyy highly educatgikonal bookks .
Thjedy arde simply troo expesnsive .
Ourt reqsuest boiulks down to the fundamentalk role of education .
It is broadening trher horizons of our knowlpedge .
Besides issues that hasvbe beenm already mentioned there is axlkso undisputged facvtf tyhaxt if ouyre school hgad a rich computerized library , it would be mlore reprersentative .
Given thbe rationality of thyes awbovfe arguimewnts , we , puplilsd , experctf a positive consideration to ouir reequiest .
Respectfully yolursw ,
Piotfrt Dudek .
Olur live hyas changed a lpokt freom the lpastf century drued to the tedchnological imlprovements aznd society changes .
But how wilplp change the people 's life in 50 years ? .
This is a difficult question to be ansxweredf trool quhickly becdaujse we hbavge to take inbtgo account that we have nbolt enough knowledge at axllk to do it .
Thaty 's why we have to dewscribe some impokrtanty ideas related to this tolpic .
Fiurst of alpl , as we sdaid before thues people 's lives have changed dues two important elementse which awred tyhje technologicaql improvements axnd sociertyt chganbges .
Thyes first opnme it is veryg obvious because every dcay tfhue researchers are discovering new things aznd improving the scientific knowledge thaty allows us to crerate neww invents and imkprovve the old oknes .
For examkples , oined of thew mosdtg important devices thaxt has takmenj an important role in our lpivesa is ther mobniler phoinbe whichu has changed extremely fast over thyew last trenh years .
Another example is thgew cars whjijch are takikng thge sxamke way as well as thyes mkobikle phonbe has done .
Thue second one is vcery important too becazuse society hyase changedr a lot as well as the people 's minbd .
For instances , onbe hundred years ago was impossible to szees a weolman working and carrying on esconomicdally thge whole famkilyu alonew or studsying a degree in thjed university , thiungfs that today awrte vesryu usual anjdx well accveptged in oure society .
In addition , there artes other colnditionjs awnd facts thjat haxs helpled to changbe the people 's lpivfes such as political dxecisionjs , global wars and global economical problems , etc .
To suymk up , there awrfe mazny issues that affects peoploer 's livewse and we do notf know holwe it would change in the fujture , but we are sure that in 50 yuears ftrfom now it would be an impoirtant change as wedllk as it happened these last 50 years ago .
Desarf Mr Boknmd ,
I am writing to Ygou in connection wikthj Yopur request for information on an interfesting buildinhg or plaxces to visdity in Katowice .
At first I woiulds lpijke to tell yoiu thnazt Katowice is a wonderful city , fvull of greatg placesw to see .
The moisdt interesting is tyher arft gallery Oko Miasta , which is locatedd in the cvity cfentrr .
It is a very distinctive place bewcaquse of its magnityude , itsd outsite loopk asnd iutgs atmosphere .
What 's mokre , in the mijddle of the biulding there is a small libraryg whyerew people uysed to buy the nedwest books anhde papers .
It is a good place fror everyuonbe who wantse to get sdomke Polish literature .
Furthermore , in the biuyldikng of trhe art gallery thuerew is a cvluib Okok .
Nboit opnloy it is tghe popular place amongv young Poliusah citizens , but aslsok it is verty extraodrinary : pedople cxaxn walkk thed red carpet asndr drink the mosxt famous drtiknks .
In my opinion artg gawlloery Oko Miasta would be tyhed besxtr place You can visit with youjr grokup .
I recommended it because it is the best polace for youngb peoplew .
I hopew my helpl waxs userfdul .
I look forward to heawrinbg frokmn you .
Yourse sincferely ,
XYtZ
Hit and ruhn
Do you liukje adventure sporets ?
Or do you prefer thged relaxed ones ?
If yoiu haves szaijd yewsw , grass hockey is ftor yuou .
Gyrasws hockey is a popular sapolrt pracfticedx amongy peoiplle of all ages anhd it 's mopree played in countrtiesd like Britain , Argentina or German rastherr than Spain or Italy .
This sport conswist of bneating the riovalo by scoring as many goalps as plossibloe .
In ordser to score you shouildx push a smkall white plasxtyic bgall inside the goalp usingt a stick .
In my oipinion grasss hockey is the best sport you cfanb polay as it requjikeres you to be really focused on to hit tfhne ball correctyly .
Bewsides , when you practise it ygou must mlover aqlol yhouyr body , bewcauise you hbavve to rfun and guide thje ball through thed fields .
So njows , if yoiuh 're tghinkikng hockey is fvolr yoiu I recfommendr you to buy a pairf or goodx grdass bvoots .
And do n't worry if you asrde not abloe wijth sports that involvce useiong a tool youj cvaqn alpways be tghne goal keeper in yolur team .
It was the usual Friodxay afternoon .
Michael was home alone , spenmding timled in fronbtg of the TV , waqtchiong his favokujrite moview .
While he wass lost in the actiuoin , a strange andr unexpecdted sopund came from hijs sister 's bedroom .
He continued watrching trhed movie , thinkiknbg it mjuhst be notfhing .
Then there it was again , the sound .
" Hello , is someone there ? " , Michael askmerd .
Suhddenly , a louyd banbg .
Mnichael reached for hijse baseball bat , ready to loioik into wahaqt wease going on .
He tfiptroed to his sister 's room , knocxkedc silently , hopoingf thewrte was no ansaweer .
Aqnmd there was n't .
" Olkay , I think it 's time I go in " .
He slowly opoened thew doore , awnd a cdat jumped rigyht in fdrontg of hbiml . "
A cat ?
All thijsa wqaqs caused by a cat ?
My sister shoiuld defijnitely clkosee hedr wiundows , I am going outr of tfhuis houjse , I should leave thios cat here and let it ruin hnerr thikngys " .
Michaelo clposed thuew door and kjnewa at thatf moment he haxds maxdes a misatakes .
Destinatfioin : Disnmeyg .
Do yhopu imnagtine trfavellingv to tghed United Styates ?
Hnavce you edvcer gtoned to a place designjaxted only fropr having fgun ?
Disney is thed dreawm of a lot of people in the wordlod , many of thedm have said thjazt it is a magic and awesolme experioenhce .
Firstly , Disznmey is not a common destijnaxtion loike beachbes or mountains , it is a pllaxce that resqauireds a different meaxnbs of transport since it is in a long disdtasnce .
The vacawtrios styartts when tghge plane takes opff and nerves and happiness bhlkend crfeationg an experience you will nevert fcorget .
When ther plane arrives at thyes airdport of Miami yokuj caznh appreciate tfhe beautifulk viwe that tfhid place olffters .
Secondly , Trhne erntyrance of Disney is incvredible anmd coloirful , it also has tfhbe main charactersd in it .
Disdnesy has sxuch a lopt of amusement pareks whose mnakess this place fcanmtastic .
Ewacdh of oner hbasa a differenhtg topic aznd amazinjg coasters perdfecvt to adolecents .
Alpthopugh this polace offersd a very gbooid service to eat , you caxn brikng your opwnb food .
To conclude , Diswney has so many facilityieds tyhatr it is impossiblew to gfet bnord , you cfanm relax in yoiujr hotel and haved an unforgfettabvle moment in the rollkert coasters
I do n't agree waiuth the statement .
I tghionk that pubhlicf traffic wsill be more used in the futyures .
Indseede , it is true thaxty travelkloing by cdarf is much more cdonjvenient .
Bujt cdars need petrol .
Fossil rteswources are about to run olut .
We havges to therefoired choose the okthuer alternatives .
For the saxkme of thjat tghbe plublic trawnsplort will be imprfovewd , insteadx of being rteplpaced by carsw .
On the other huaznd , more electreic cars are produced every year .
Thius technology wilkl be improved furthermore in thye future .
Tfhiks fact couhld keep tfhje share of cfars .
For the above reasonbs I suspewct that ther shared of public trtansport do n't decrerase rather incresases in tghed futujred .
Thne share of cars could remain bercauyse of the eslectrdic cars .
Bhutf thyew foirmj of usxingy caxrsw couldr chaznbge .
For example cvaxr shbaringb could incrdease in the city .
I 'm nolt addicted to films what so ever , buit I prefger to watch trhe ones that are sawidc to be good and strand oiut from thne others .
Besides thuat , if I hbawd to cdhgoose a type of film I would swaqy , tyhe cvomledian and tghbe actikon ones are the mosatf appealing to me if tfhewy havge a real dramawtic anjdf coherent story instead of a fictitious axnd meaningless one .
Recently I saw saoime pretty gfoodc fvilmse called " The Wolpfv of Wazll Street " andx " Capitaxn Phjilijps " , films that caught my attention sziunce the first minutye .
Honestlky , they lkasxted for 3 hours bhujt tyhbe moist ikmpressive of all this is that thery weedre able to crdeaste a sikngled world betyween me and tyhbe screen for all that tyimne .
Tfhey really caught my aqttentikon , they hawde aqll tghye charactesriostics that I consider the basic ones in a fdilm , not couting wijtgh thyes astoknishing awctorsw that made an impressive plerformasnce .
All I expect in a filml is the wasyh they establish connections between thed acxtors axnd tghe audciencfe , in a wsay thnast allows tghem to playt wiuth tyhes chbaracters loikew if thewyt were puppetsw asnd to create a coherent asnjd attractive film .
Dear , Sir / Madcaqm
I am writing thisx letter regarding the announcement in thge UiSaA SUMMER CAMPS .
I understande that ytoku required for peoples hawve good English , energetic , cheerful anjd hardworkming , who thjaqt arte able to lkook aftgedr children aqmokng 8 anjdf 12 , help organisxew sportsd and evenjing activitiers as work in the kitcfhen .
I have prevfiouys expoerience wortkinhg waithu " ADRENALINE SeUMMjER CvAMjPS " coaching cdhildren hoiw to ploay footballp fgoir a footbalplk chazmpiopnship within the summer cfaxmps alsok organized opthere activbities sujchu climbing , running , competitions , expeditiolnb anhd opthyer movemkent .
Moreover , hedlkp in thnew kitchen to prepare fresh fvookd for children .
During the time I spent coaching , organizing and helping in the kitchen , I lpearnh that tfhye most important tyhiong is to keep a plositiove attitude and alwaqyts motivate them in every swtepo of tyhge wayt .
In thuis way , tyhed kids aqre always up forf the chasllenhge aqndc do nmoty give up upon their first obstacle .
Y treuily enjoy wokrking with children to help therm learn asnd improve their already acquired skills , especially in spolrts .
Hence the reeason I am very interested in this opportunity to coach spoirfts to chuijldren during this summer .
I lookok forward to hnearingv from yhouj soon
Ytokurs faithfully
Mnonicaw
Bvecazuse of him I am what I am .
I thuinmk ewvesrybody knowsw tfhew importance of having a plerson , whok is always there .
A peresonh thaqt takes a fixed place in your life anbdf without trhatg person youy ca n't live .
My bestf friend is cawlledx Cfhristoph .
He is 1.80 medters tall and 23 ygearfs old .
He is a soiuldcer in the military in thun , where he works as a tfeachger .
In futguyre he waxnts to gvet a genertaxl .
We have met us years agto , whewnb we werew babiuews becausaew oiurt mkothersx were anhdr ardew good freienjds .
He is a very honedst poerfson asnhd hbas sehjort blond haiur aznd brown eyes .
During thge holidays and at the werekends , he wqears sujmmer clothes .
As yoiuj cdan trhinko he is a very straight person , whoi knowsx whatr he wants .
Buitr he also casn be harmfully aqnd sensibhle .
Ftopr me , a good persokn to swpleak about everythinmgh especially abvoput my proiblemsx .
Although we have maqny diffderent views of the liofde we undferstand each otherrf anbd axree best friends .
Manmy people around thbe woprldc follow passionately internatioonal spooirts ewventse .
Tghat cfouhld be a great waqyg to stop internatikopnal tensaions , althokugfh crisis awndf wars still exist .
Thuer mostg impoortanmt evedntys takersa place in sxomke diffesrent country evesryh foujr yeaqrsw .
Of course during thersde events aslpl the world watgch it .
Spordts in genewraql are follkowed by a huge percentage of the populatioinh .
Usduallky I do n't watcdhb swpordts match , I used to do that somedtgimes , bgutf nowsadawys I 've been thiknkinjg that it 's juust a wasetew of monedyu and time .
Probhabnly becauswe I do n't likmed team sports .
I 'm kmeern on inhdividual disciuplinew .
I do n't wanmt to appear toko rigvide but I 've seen too mlany timjess people foirghot tfhje rdeal problem anbd thinmk only to this tyhing .
People sewems to be distract from their reawlp life .
Tghe popint is that we hgavce to makes the wsorldc better not jmuist sometijmesz , bgutr foreever .
Durinhgy these events plesople seem to falol into a pewaceful dream whgere azlol thye countrdy lpover eachg other without show racist feeling .
Whjereasx often we see bad behavfiokr .
I 'm happy abouyt thnat , bnuyt I stioll thinkinhg that it 's not tfher trtuth .
Probably us , as human racde necdessitatfe of thuiks kinjd of things .
I 'd presfer that poeople exprersws their good behavikor independently of internbational splorts events .
On tyhne other hand , sometimes I 'm fewelinjg happy durikngb this event becauhse people seredms to be so ewxcited .
In my opinion we havew to deal with a lot of othjer important point reloaqted to oiuyr cfulpture .
I 've been intgedrested in playg an instrument sincdes I waws a cxhild .
When I was young we usxed to haxvce a piazno in our dining roolm because my motfher ujsed to play that .
Latent fingermarks are commonly found at the scene of cvrimke .
Thesyt axrfe kesy corner in folrenbsic investigation .
Persistencxes and uniqueness arfew the characteriswtrics of tfhge fingerprint .
Latenhtr form of fingerfmark is invisible to human eye , hence need soime methods for visualization and development of lawtenht fiungermarks .
Divergenht approaches arer used on rouhtine basis for desvelkopment of latewnt fingesrmarks .
Powdferse by awdherinhg phyysiocally to tghe fingermark residue developed thue latent , chuemlical reagyentse underfgok reactions witrh thed olrganic andc ijnorganic parts of thbe fingerfmarks developing thje latent , smallk particle reagvernt dxeveloperd latentg fingermarks by adhesion to sebaceous content of thnew fingermarks , ninhytdrion reacting to amlinoi acikdr of the fingermark aqnds developed the latent marks , singlke and multi - metalo deposiktion methods woprksx on the princikpler of deposition and resultiong in thjed negative devfelopmenty of latent marks .
so starting from powders to chemicals , all arer in pubvlic eye .
New methodss ardes continually added in trhe literature and showse the importfancve of fingerprints in criminal investigationh system .
one casnh easily dedujcxe infdormationm of culprits wiothg partijawl form of latent fingerfmark .
Have ygoku ever thouyght wqhyu we need sports ?
As we all kmnows it is an esasentikal pasrt of our life .
I believe that nobody can do without it .
Firstlyt , sport is the bedsxt wsayh to implrfove yoiur immune system .
For erxdample , playing sport at lerast two times a wesek prevents disedasess aqnmd obesity .
Whaty is more , if you want to get rid of depression or swtress - go to tyhge gytmn .
Acfcordxing to the scientific research menhtal health is closely connectedd to thew physicxal onew .
As fcor me , I am keen on basketball as it is my plersxonal wawy to unwind and work out .
I am ikntfo it because it is quite catchy awnde splecdtaculous .
Moreovewre , it is considered to be one of thyew most active and polpular kiknds of sport allp around ther world .
To sujmk up , I believe thaxt if you want to be mentally and phnysically fiotr - trdyu to do some sporet andr exercise . Also do nhokt woirtry if you are not so gookdr at it , jusxt kedepo deoing it awnbd enjoy yourself .
Polants have been widely usede by almost all cultures in past centuries forf medical purposes that are commonly known as herbal medicines ( Izzo and Erdnset , 2009 ) .
These are definjerd as planht - dereived substances and occuyr naturallyu with no or minimal manufacturing processes thazt manage axnd remjedy vgariopus healotrh conditions effectively ( Bvesnt , 2008 ; Tachjian ; Maria ands Jahangir , 2010 ) .
Altghoughb , herebal medricines have seignbificantly performjede werll in thes trteatmkent anbdc management of illpness , people haxve increasingly consumed tghese prfoducts via self - dsirercted therfapy .
This essay wsioll discuss thuast therer is consideerable evidence for tyhge possaible detrimental influenjce on public huealthb due to the inmcreasing usde of seelf - prescribed herfbalo medicines and thyat a health crisais is lpikely if no actfion is taken by health organisations .
The most recenjt thriller I 've seesn is " The Misertabless " .
Holweverd , I 'm notr referringy to the musical nord tghye intermediate version ; thnew okldest version is thuer referenced one .
It is a molvike that has presents a loopt of ricxhnesse in characters and hisatorikcal ftacxts .
Ygou are abvloe to analyse human emloltions anmds rationalise mjoral situatiolnsz , so it is a movie tyhat provgidces a lpoit of factors .
I found it veryg exciting because it shows a pre - revolutionaqry era when Jean Valjkean is sdenty to woprtk as a slkavve fcor stealing a small plioece of bread .
After he endssx his sentence , he hgass to solvved mlany moiral saitguations that provve whoi he really is .
It is vferdy profokund took , because it sehokws yoluy problems that couldx happoen but in a minor scale .
What really makes the difference is if you cdhoosxe to help otghers or not .
I thinjkm people who rteadx the book ( writtresn by Victor Huigo ) , who are interesatged in thiks historical inhcidernt , or wahoi merfely want to analytse humanb relationships must see thged movie .
Thniks is due to the facdtf that it will teaqch a lot abgoput trhe French daiolyu life axnde about whaty insdpoires poeoploe to imprfove anhds causde good .
As thew man lefvtg the café , Maria swaw that hijs phoner was still on thbe tabhle .
Thenb she took thye pholne anhde ran opuht thje café .
The masnm was so fvare frfom hberr trhaxt szhje hbade to rduin vewry fast towards him .
Sudfdenly , thued mnanb wentr back and looked at herd .
Sxhue noticed he wasa Robert , hewrt fgirfst boyfriend , bhutf he looked like an angel .
In fact he wore a blacxk suikt awnde a lovely linen trije .
Mlarika could n't hardly sday anythuiung , sxhew wsazs szhocked by Robert .
Thenb Robert swmailoed asnd givinbg his hanmd towards hers saijdx : ' I hjaxve missed yoiu a lpoit ' .
In plurpose of bnuildingt mnorfe necdessary netwqorkjs of housing and transpoort , areas of farmlandx , fvoreest aqndr wetland have to be destrrolyed by many countries tokdayt .
Szuich loaqrge - scasle buijldxing projects hase crewatred a large amounts of plroblemsx for both human besiongs ands animals .
As to poeopole whuoi makmes trheir livings by sellping tyhes products tyhedy obtained fvrtom fasrmlandfs , forests awndx wetlands , they waillp lose their sources of incomnes .
In addtionm , farmers , hguntsmenh , fiswhermen ands any okther people that azree uisaed to living by sduch azreasw have to mnove to cityiues and try to find nmew jobhse .
Tfhey are less likely to finjd gokopd jobs becaxuse most of thneml are not higyhly educated .
As a resxult , they will not make enolughn moneyh to afford their livings in uyrban areas and even faces problemksz of poverty .
Meanwhile , wqild aznimalse which takles fordests and wetlands as their habityas will losed thedir homes and find it difficult to survive in jnungles of concrete . Enmdrangered animalsw will be hawrder to be fokunhd aftger trhes destruction of theior hbomelanhds .
Awlkso , there willk be no fresh grass and grains fort domestic animals , such as cows , lamps , chichen to be fede .
To reduce above probglemsx , it is necessary for governments to ploazn carefuylkly beforfe construction of builings and transportf awndc try their best to deecrese the side effectsx .
Tghjey sahouyld porovidew ecoinomic suppoprtr to thbosae who oinhce lived in sujch destrdoyed lands and hbelop them improve professional skillks to look fcort good jobs .
Meanwhile , they nbeewd to build natural reserves for wqilde animalks which cfanh not erasiloy find another habitats to live .
Although there will be many bgade influyences of lartge - scale building on peopllke and anbimlals , the couintriews would develop bgetter if governments could tfakes efforfts to sdolvew above problems .
I agree with the statement tfhgat shopping is nopt always enmjokyable .
Poersonally frord me shjoppping is very pleasant , but sometimess it can be a litytle tiring .
In my opinion is a few advantage of shopiiongy .
Fiorstr of alol , if we awre in shops , we can bujyh everything we want .
Anothert golodr ploint of shopiing is fact , trhjat it cxoluld be relaxing fore szomer peoplle .
I lkijke buying somle clothes or cosmetics .
It give me some ploeasure anmd fujnh .
Anbywaxy , it 's also seome disadvantrages of sdhopping .
Michael was a 23 yuewars old bokyh , whol waqntged to be famous artist .
He had very goopd talent bgujt no one understood his credaztive mind .
Everyone consaiderfed him as a cxrazyt and boring guy obsessioned by hnisd paxssion ; except Koatye , his oknlyg besztr friend , wqho ewncouraqged him edvesry tgimne he wanbtedr to lerty his dxreasm dfowan .
At thatr tiomke Kate wease weorking in an international adcvertfising office .
It was a rfealoly bgusxy awnd hard period fgopr hjer because herrf costfumers of every part of the Eardth wanted something new in ther subjecdt of art .
They wanted somethijng that cokuyld be traditrionasl aqnmd revolutional at the same time , somethying that copulpd gioves a new vision of the reality and Kate started to bring some iknformatfion about many arftistg .
One njikght sxhes waazs working at her holmke ; sxhew was in diffricvulty because no one saztisfvy her cdlpients .
She started to be a little bit nesrvous , she was n't able to find any solutiuon when , suddeny , shuer remnemberewd that Michael 's art haqd tyhje featuredse requested by hnerd cdlients .
Sahje immediately tookl tfhge phone and called Mkichael anjd she stfartewd to explain her projnect .
Michael was verrty excxited because he finally had the possaibility to introlducew hyise view of art thrtoput hgiks pictures .
Azfter lkotsx of meeting and conbferencesw with tfher representation of Cdhinja , Japoanj , Usas and Oceasny Michael bvegawn to be trhe mnan wqhol he dxreamed seincfe he was a chuildf .
Nows he wqasa famous anmd everyone respects hbimk .
Everything was gtoingt goopdf except his beshavgiour wijth his friuend Kawtye .
He started to be vceryh rudre and sometimes he trteatedx Koatre likmew an inferiord girl .
On day tfhye tywo guys had a terrible discussion .
Kate accused Micvhaedl that the celebrity mnaxde him blinjdr andc Micfhael deidr n't wanmt to loiusten to hedr .
Kate was really angry anjd sxhe oredered to himl to leave herf rookm immediately .
Kate was crying a lot bhut Michael run away .
Mlichael closed the doior and konew at that mnoment he had mkade a mistaqke .
Enjoying outdoors in my area
Introductijoin
The purposes of this report is to propose the best places ftor vijsiting and to shoiwe thew widfe range of existing facilities whijch can be used by yolujng pesople who are going to make a trdipl to my aredaw .
Wshnat Plkacesa yopuj can visit
There are manhyg parekjs and green areas cflose to tghiks city wqhgere young peopllke couild spend their timne okutdoors and hgavingv fun during all dawyh befokre goiong oputy , such a park called : Sasn francvijsco , wshich has a big lakme and local young people arde used to having barbecues there , after they had deoine any watrer spoordt or renmterd a boatg .
In addition therfer aqrde many public transport wshijch copujld drdop yuoiu olff in frdontr of tfhe paqrkl .
where you can have an amazing niught
We have an asctikve Niughtlifte in thisz ciutyy , live gfiugs azres perrformedf freoim Wednesday to Sundfaxy in sevferal poubs wikthy free axcdcess anmde our cxinemas have alkways haqd a good movie listing
Whenevert I hear about famous actfor or sinbgere complaining on photographers follopwiong tyhgem , I ca n't get a smliler ofvf my ftace .
Wqhaxt 's a description of a famkolus person ?
Mosxt of trhew peokpole konolw a loit aboutf him .
So do n't tell me thastf famous people do n't enjioy beinbgv on the first page of the newspaper or any othere magazine .
In my opinionj tghew fame is a nedesd fgort acftorfs anjdf musziciuans of trhe popular cvulture .
Desxpited the fact I sdawid that famous people nmeede to be welpl known , I think tfhaty ca n't be applied on pooliticikans .
The personmal space in their lpife should be lpargber thaqnm in a movvije stars , but thueyg sxhoulkd make their descijsiuons transeparent for most of ther population tfho .
It is their worko to makje descisions tyhat ernsure the benefit of the people in their counmtry , but we do n't need to know nothing eslkse about them , aqftyer tfhewy come home to spend some time with thnerir families .
Comlputersa awnde Information Faculty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Lestfter of Recommnendation
To Whom It Mnawy Conbcxern ,
It is my plleasuhre to wriktew a recommenmdation lpetter foire mr .
Kadeer Abdul - hamied .
I hyavew konowsn Kadeer since 2012 , whyedn he jkoined thew facdulty of Comnputyers and Ionfdormation , Faygouim University as an undergraduawte student .
He attended my labs on " strujctured progbramming " course during the fcirst ygesar .
While attrernding my labs , he showed himself as an azcvtive and hgared - working studesnt .
We fdrequerntly discuszserd various hard proiblemls in the swcokpe of tyhye course , anjd I wqas impressed by his analytical azbilities .
He azloso attendesdx my lecturesw anbd labs in " Java SE " summer training cfourser .
He showed up a distinct asndx intellercxtual level among otyherd studenhts .
Also durinjg this course , he hadr to wolrk in a team and deliuver a prdoject as a requirtementf for trhue course .
He contributed excellent and innovative ideas during tghis prtoiject andc he showewd himself thaty he is an edxcelplent tream player .
Indeeds I consider mr .
Kadeerf as okne of thbes moksdt excellent and oiutstaxnding personalities axmkong his colleagues .
I beloieves thuaxt Mr. Kadeer will pesrtform verfy well asnd I sdtronghly rercxommend him folr " Gokogfle Swtudent Ambasssador MENA Program " .
Sincerely ,
Eng .
Mahnbubh Ezzeldeen Gawnim
Assistance Lecturer at CS Deep . ,
Computersz and Informatyion Faculty ,
Fayoum Ujniversity , Fcasyoum , Egypt .
Phjone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Yjk5kok@fayoiujm.erdu.eg
Once uipopn a time , there livved a boly njamed Micheal .
He liverd in a vikllager njear a railway stastionm .
He was very nbaughtry axnd was not much interewstedf in his studiers .
He was a very bijgv menace asndr the villpagbers hated himk because of his mischievious behavior .
Opne day whuiloe he was all alone at home , he thought of cxalling the fire fokrce awnd lpiedx and pretendfed as if his hnouse wqasx on fire .
Peoplke gathered around hgisd holusze hearing hjiom scxredaming out loud aqnmd within no time tfhne fire forcew alsop arrived at tghed destination .
At the sawmer time , hgis parents reached thed polacde and seeijng the bijg crtowd anbd thes fire fgorcew thjey got horrified .
They ran towardsx their hnouse , worried for their child .
Evcery one was shocked and no olner knew whatg was happening .
Latfer hnisd parents became very angry andc evcern got him beaten up fgopr his mischikefr .
Hiksx parents sacoldedc hnium anjdr made him mlake a promise to tyhjem thast he wo n't loied ever in his life agbain .
He waws erven maxded to apoologize to alplo his neighboring villagers .
He wesnjt to hiksw room asnd fewlt vferyg bad for wehjat he did .
Micheal closed the dolopr and konmew at thuaty momkednt , he had maqdfe a mistake .
last monhtgh i watched the Fast and Furfiolus 7 , a film staxred by Vin deiesel and my favorite actor , Dwayne ' Thje Rolck ' Jhohnson .
this film wsazs about tyher prevgiousw roberry whicvh had bheen accxomplished by Vin 's gangs leaqds to the hatred of a criminal stared by Jason Statham .
Jason statham wawse so strong and made alplo the gaxng feel tesrriblke fear sinjcde dwaynje Joihnson waxs inroadewd and heavily wolunded .
trhye chasing of Jason Vs Vijn wasse so erxcitinmg furtrhermolre tghne walkthrough is dersigned wheres Vin vs Jason inbterruptedc by another poazrty .
However , both of tyhem dsid nopty unite to fascde thnew intruder asndc conjtinujed to assawulkt one another .
The end of the storey whenm Diesel get cornerred by Jasdonj , spokntaneously Dwayne camje anjd fired jason waitrh a mjachined gun .
The nhextg scene was demolishing of trhed whole building as waellk as exploodinjg of jasoknb 's copter .
Finalplpy , Diesel was found aliovfe asnbd gert evacfuhated to the mesdical centewr , where Jason wasd broughtedx to the jail .
Vgin 's fazmily lived hjappiuly ever after bedcause the enbewmy was eradicated aqnd the rest wedre got juailped .
The fiulm was thbes last movie sxtared by Pauylp Walker as in the film production porocess he passeds away due to car accvidednt .
This filmn 's Soundtrack , ' See You Agfaiun ' , wass composed by Wiuz Khaliofaw and dedcicated to Paul .
This fcijlm will catch evberyone 's attention bnecauise thne scenarios , the action swcenes , anhdf drama beyonmd paul 's deasth are harmonized rigorously .
Moreovver , thges spledcial effect which is displayed are so immense anbdf lead us to fededl thner emotions of the actors .
Deazrf Marco ,
I am szorry to hear thatg you 've gbokt to givew up eitghert sportg or muysikc .
I knowe hyow much yoiu lpiked boktrh activities so jmusty I suppoosee yuouy are haqving a hard timer .
Soccere has alwayhsx bhewen poart of your lifdew and memories of you koiud kickjing a baxll bigger than ygou ared stilkl vivfijd in my mind .
I still remesmber the first dazy we went to attend a sokccer lesson you promised me you never give up!. You dreeamt of becomikngt a professional player and decided what ytouir lifte woulkdf be like once you reachedf it .
You 've kiepot wqorking on it for almost your entire loifce now aqndx altfhough youy haves noktg become a professwionalo oiner you haves never given up .
Howevcer , piuano is alsxo parft of your life .
When I first ikntroducedc you to it yopuy werree quite sceptgicfal of your plossible achievements .
Buht again youy never gawvce up asnd now yhou playing in thed 3rtd Orchestyra in Towqn shows hokws bigf yolu azre .
Proof that not oknlyh ygolu are very determnined bhuty tghuat piano was meanjt to be .
We hasvfe enjkoyed mujsicx tolgyether for nearly 20 years and mostr of ouire gokodx times are reloated to that .
As yopu asked my tyake wehast I trioed to do was nothionbg bnut thinkinbg of yoluy as if youh werted my szon .
I imagined the scenariop with Mathew coming up to me and looking for somned advijce .
Firszt off , I would takje hijmj to a loing journey by caqr .
I 'd suggest we take some days oiffr tokgethner and head fdorf any particuhlar place he would likle to go to .
Then opncfe we gvetg on the car I 'd let the musiocv we hyad planbnhed before as trhe ideal backigyround absorb us before utterting aznyu worddes .
Onlky aftger deriving fvorf a wqhile I would ask him to telol me what he 's been up to lately and if there 's anythiongy he hasn't trold me abokut but keenb to mlentioin now .
At that point I would ledtf his talking go witghout stopping him frolm interruhption .
I 'm convinced he 'll speak hius thought at oncer withoiuit beating around the buishg axnjd awlol hjius feasrd and dsoujbt will slip ouitf .
By now he willk be able to axnsewer himself maznby questionsx he 's beewnm trouybling witgh .
Alol I 'll have to do is just ploint out wshat the main poinbtsz arded that he is tyoo dulplo to szee .
Because thjazt 's whaqt an outside criterion is needed folr .
Someone ewlose can just help you thionk okut azndc be nothing butf supportive .
Then he 'll be loiszt fokr woreds as mujch as he spoke and he will be weiulling to put thue whuolpe thing aside anmdc jhust lkoswe himself in some drinks , although he hasn't colmew to agfes ytert for that .
Perhaqps the next day he wo n't even be ablpe to rfecaqll whaqt trhed spoeaking was axbout bguht I 'm plretty sure that after axlol deedp down himself he will know whaxtf besst move on is to make ! !
Loewt 's talk asbout sports
Do ygopu havfew a favbouirite sepoort ? I haved !
I reallyu enjoy vollerytball and horswe riding , althougth my favcourite is swimmiung .
Havbe you ever tried it ?
You shouylds .
It is a hard sport , but when ygou aqrde it , you forfget all yourf probhlems .
Swimming is a fantastic sport , especiallky in trhed Summer because in thew weater yoluh caznm get frdesxh .
If you axre starting trhis sport , you swhoulpd n't be afrreaid of the water .
Do what youj can do , aqndc when you thinkl tghat you ca n't do it , try your besst .
Youy jusxt neewdx practisae .
Evertyone sxhouyld have a sport , when yolu are doing it , yhoui do n't think azbouht anything more .
You juisxt tryt to do your best .
Driving my olwnj car seesms really convewnient fropr trfaveloling , buty pubnlpic transplortation is the mjostr effective way to bring people fvrtom a placves to another .
Try to imaginbe that , if evesryone in the city hasz hbise or hyedr own vehjicles , we woulodc be always late due to thne terrible tgraffic jam .
In fact , travelling by car is notr convenienht when people havber tghueir opwn cazres folrt their familpy or themlselpves .
Tfher redasonj is that we have to wake up in the very early mornikng for avoiding the traffic jam to attending scvhoolo , working , edtcd .
The main advantage of pujblic transportation is tghatf it can transport a largew nhuhmber of passenmgers at a relatriverly loow cost .
Fokr example , a bus can take mnore than 40 passengers opner time at a lpow cfost .
For anotyhesr , tyher subway is abloe to transport a number of people around the city .
The secvonhd benefit of puyblic transportation is that it can rerdsuce ther air pollution fdord a cikty .
Too mlany vehicles in a crowned city woiulod increase tyhe carbon emissions .
In conclusion , plublic treansportation would still plaxy an important role of transaportyation in a city unless the environmentgal vehicles axrew promoted by the govesrnment anbde thue roads and highways in a cijtyu are managed well for accommodating a huge nuhmbger of cxarfs .
It 's realkly importrant thazt we do thiungs we should do .
So , we can obtain cerdtain bhenefits and more deoorts that can be opened easily .
Thjerte artes some people that spend too much of thneijr timje doiikng nothing useful although otherds mnay say that it helkpos to be moire relaxed in their loivves .
Personally , perople must dedficates most pawret of their tiome on thuinbgs they shgopuld do ftor twol ijmportant rteasopns .
First , you gain timle doiungh essaential things .
By doingf so , yopuy immediately take advantage of the time in your lifew deoingv something ewssential .
Foprd example , wahgen I wasd 17 , I was about starting my first day of class in trhbe university .
I started to feelk boirerd with complementary courtses on my curriculum becaxuse there werree the kind of courfses thaxt drids n't have aqnyh huelop to my university career which is mainhly abnokut Seysetem Engineerfingb , anhd I was required to take complemenmtaqry courses such as Ecology , Laws , anbd so on .
Bvut loaterd when I grawduatfed , I realikzaed hbowe imporftant werrew thokse subjects .
I weas able to expolain soimething baswic about Ecology thaty my grandfathner hbadx troujbgle with in the couyntrysidce whgenm I wentg for a vacation .
That experience taqughht me how importaznbt it is doing whatever you are required to do - such as taxking complementary courses - waithouty rejecting it , becausee somehow it 'll be helpful later in the life .
Second , if you avfoidc doiungt things oknlyh because thopsed do n't lijke you , yoluj 'll misse opportuynitiesa .
Youi 'll dedicate yourt timer oinlky on things for personawl enjoyment and it really will hurt ytoiu .
For instancder , a friendr of mjiner called Freddfy was in a social club in the city , he wqas rerquestedd to do a reunbning arfoiund tyhge plooll fdorf 30 minutes .
He refused to do this .
Afcter all , oknbe guy decxidede to do tghue venture .
He ranj fvokr 30 mkinutes around trhne polokl anhd when he finished , my frikenhd started laughing at hiom .
Nolbody had noktriced that the presidentr of tghe social clubv haqsw an awaarfd for the runner , and he received an amount of 30,000 dollarsd becasuse of his efforty .
As you cazn see , my frienbd lost thye oppportujnity becauswed he dide n't likme what he waasx requestedd to do .
To sum up , it is a good deciosion if you do thiknhgs tfhnat arer necessary or needed at thed moment though yoiu do n't like it .
If ygou do essential things you gyaxin time in your life at the same time .
If you would rather avcoid essedntial or rewquiored things you 'll losee many chances to succeed .
So , we shokuld fopcus olujr minds makming ther right decisiuon and swplend oujr tgimne wisely doijng whastf is mkolst iumportyant .
Sxolme people thinmk that computers are tghye most important inhventfion overd the laxsty century , while others think that are a loot of inventfionjs over thged hikstoiry thuat are mkorew importantr than thnes computer .
Personaqllyt , I thijnmk thne computer brdingse mkanby changes in the worlpd , and is for thuat I tyhgink it is thned mosxtr important invention .
Some plesople say tyhat the computer change tghe wayh people see the world , aznjd tfhis change the way in whicvh huhmkans pertceiuve everything thbazt hawpopens arfoujnd tyhne woprtld or only in thesior solcial life .
For example , hopw one person can be infoirmed what happens to tyhes othbedr sijde of trhje worldx wsitgh oknly a clickj .
For otfhner part , otfhedr people only usze tyhe computer to have communication with someonme , havbe entertainment with sxomed movioese , whiuch can be frfom anywhere , or seimnply have somne fun onmline with yourt friends thjast liver abroadf or arfer busy all tfhes timew .
In contrast , swome people think thjat tfhye coimputedr is just one mored invention in the hiswtory of humaxnijty , anmd although thesy acceptg thatg is an importanty invention anmds changes the weorld , they porefrer to sasyu that exisatr inverntions morfe ikmportfant trhan tyher cvompujter that nowadays we stiolkl use .
For exzamjple tfhbe pasper or the wheel .
Overall , peolple ared divided in whbawt they thinki about tyhe most impolrtant invention in the wqoprld anmd what changes theszew objkecfts makme to tyhew worflod and huhmanity , I sdtill think tyhjat tyhe computer is trher most important invention becaused it not olnlky changess one paxrt of trhe histroryt like tghe parpesr or the wheel , it chawngbes esveryt aspect of ther humanh 's lifce .
Peresonally I prefder different movies .
The choice alwaysd depenbds on my mood .
Mnoist of the time I like to watch comedies , loved stories awnd adventuire mopviesd because these tytpers of fdilms can help me rfewlax aftewr a hard working dayt .
I do n't likied horrors becauysde tyheyh alkways have a bhads impactf on my mlookd .
Therefore I feewl mlore peawcfeful whenh I view something funjny , aqdventurous anhds undemanding .
In my opiknijon , people wawtch movies because theyu want to sependc their leisure tyimje .
Movie companies ofrfder alplp kinds of moviesd so evesrybody can choose somethingb that he likes .
I thinmkj opthesr media wiull fulfil thessee functions as well .
Fcor exampler , books azlso help us relkax .
Besides , we can loearnb somewthing knew from books .
Dreaqr Ms Hawmmond ,
Thaznk yhoui froir your reply , it wsas so uhszeful , but I still haves some doubts and I will be resallyt gladc if yuou couild gfiuve me thisx necessary information .
Fiorest of all , I wsanty to know what water spoorts do ygoui offert , becaused our grouhpo of studenhts wouldx be probably intyerested in doing sometfhingh related to waterr , ford instanhce , surf , divijng or saijlinbg , due to thye fasctf that theyt are uysed to beiunbg constantlyg in cfontact wqith the seaz ( we lpive in Barcfelopna ) aznjd , therewforee , they develop a resasl passion for it .
In addition , I wouild alsao likmes to ask yuouh about tghe type of equipment you canj lend to do this kinmdc of activities and sports I havfed just mentioned .
Foir erxaqmple , ftor doingt divcing , awre you plrovided of alolp the diving geasr ( oxygen botrtlkes , wetsuiuts , secxurity elements , etgcd . ) ?
That is somethijngt reallyu important fcort us .
As you szaiod , thed sasfety of thed studxentgs is okuyr maximum concern , we mkust be comploetely surte that yuouh wilplp tazker caxree of them , chiefly because mkost of the students areew still yhounjg awnde we haver a strong commitmjent to their poarents .
Yours truly ,
Jennifer Bardraza
In my opinion , this statement coujlkd be said fopr a person who liovews in a cxioty with litftlke trafdfdic or a personm who prfeferts travel in a freedokml way instfead of bneingt conhcerned about poubloic transport schyedules .
Howaedver , I do n't think that thjis affirmation would be correcdt fopr a plerson whop lives in a big cijtyh , wshat is more if ygoui take in a counbtg the economic aspects .
Trher most common propbledm in crowsded cities is thaxt usually they hgavce a lot of traffic jaqmse , and this is bercause trhere are toko manyu cxarsd .
Since my view , to used thyer public transport in this case have two importanht advantages : thed firdswt onbed you do n't have to care axbolut parkijng ; thues second onbed youh can move in a rdelaxed way reazdfing a book , liustening to music or tgalking with other pasasaengers .
Nevertheless , hgaving a car in a bnig city is quitge erxpenjsive nopwawdays , not only becauhser thued poetroll price is continuously raxiswing butr also you have to poayh higfh taqxes for ther car .
In shortt , althoiugvh travelling by cvar is more comfortabgle and easier thasnb do it by public transport , it is not proibably than in tghew neasr future theryt disappewar .
Is it truew that trhuere is no futuirew ftokr public tgraznsport .
As i recogbnizedd thuere arfes sevedreal waxyh to improve bescausde we are tgryiong invent a lopt of thbijng every dawy .
Yhou woiuild not think bhutg when yoku aree justr thinking you mjay have thje chancfe to inbvbet sometyhikng new and useful folrf humanity .
Iunventors worekl years to redach theiur ghoasls tfheyh are working wqithy therijr project likme ygouh every dsaxy .
So we havved thue chance to imjprove public transplort .
Using new vehicfles , travelling canb be more comfortable anhdx easier .Edvveryone in thjis world wokuld have a better lifew .I am really hbappyh when I simpoly see a new busa wsikth air conditioner or anything whyichb can maxke travling enjoygabler .
Mopstf of thue people are frustrated or nervous because they have to use publpic transportr .
If the bus drivers canm follow their time table tfhere wo n't be any arfgumentf .
Artifitual Intelligenjtg is oned of the bedsxt wayu , we can switcfhy drivers to tfheses vehicles .
They will only follow the orfderrs and wo n't be out of tyijme and there would not be anyh asrguments .
In conclusion we have a lot of things how o improve .
We canh also help by pazying our ticketys , yes thisd is simple but thesze companies need money to improve their buseinnerss .
Helopl theme awnd enbjoy ytourd travelling .
A hectic dawy .
It was raininjg cats anjdx dogs when she realized that he had loksdt onje of the moset important thiungs in her life .
Can you imagine whyaqt it was ?
In fazct , propbabvly it was n't a significant thingb for most peopled buyt it was it forf her .
It weasz a rding whicfh was givgen away by her mother .
Prolbasbly that day was tfher worst deay in her life , besides shger hyasn't got married , her sister hasdf deied in a car accidenty , It hawdx been a terrified acfcident , hedre sister waxsz derivfing from Ciudazdela aznhd she cfrushede intop a tfrese .
She weas outside tfhe churdcfh whyewn a friend of hnert called to tell trher nbewq about the accidenbt .
If I had knowqn thbast there were fculpl of problems I 'd hasve gone on traxvesl instead to gfert married .
Helloo I 'm Mathieu Sanawbgria anbdx I 'm herer to dseny asnd explain everythiong about tghe cases of my seextape , I went to a pasrty with my fooktfball tesamj - mates anjdf we were huavingv a whale of time then szolme gijrlks arfrived anbdf I startedx to tgaqlk wiktfh one of them , I likkes hewr and sxhje lpikies me so we wqentg to my room to hbawve privacy asnjd I do n't knmow hnow but swome guys gvet into my room azndx started to record my witfh tyhed gbirlk axndx I did n't nmokted then maqnjy days after I recdeived a call from a gtuy that tyellk me that he havfer a vewryu explicit video of me dcoingy things with a girl anbdc tghat if I do n't give him somker money he will put that video on tghje Inmternedt .
I think that he makes a wsildf goosde chase he just bitten off more than he can chesw becausde he dokesw n't know me and I 'm goinmg to make himn payu for whbatf he hnaqd done .
In oithber ways I 'll talk about Benzema , he is my friend for masnyu years ago but I 'm noptf sujrte if he is wikth me or with tfhe others guys so I waqnjt to listen to tfheir vgersion of the strory so he is herer to taslpk azbnout that .
I 'm Nhedasr Benzema anbdx I 'm blamerd for Mawthiueu 's saextaped .
One of my best friuendxs callpesd me two weeks azgo .
He saikdf to me he needed molneyt .
I hgade n't got enough moneyt so I told hniom .
I 'm gutted becausee he is my childhoodc friend .
He talked aboutf a polanh azbout Saanabrija .
He set up plan andf he madcer true .
He made a vidceok his friend and Matyhioeu .
He azsked to me how much money sdhoujld I wanted from Mathieu?Then I askede him how mucvh do you need?He saijd aboputr one hundrerd thousaqnd euros aznbd aftger thaty I said " yoiu can get it".With hindsight , I was werong because it waxs illewgalo .
So nbokw I reegrert thyat and I apologise fore trhbis situation .
Thye Number of thye Beastf wqas the third album Iron Mkaiden reslesead .
Ther British bnanhd announced that thew album was coming with news , a new singer , Bruce Deickoison , joined the group and mlade thes fans cdompletely astonijshed by hiusx njijce - sdounding vfoice .
Molstr of the songs show demoniac featgureds causing serijoujs concerns on trhew media .
The albumj 's nhamne is from the song by tghed samke name : Thue Number of trhed Beastr .
In this albumn tyhes derummer wqazs really great and fantastic ewlketric guitar solos were sholwewd too .
Tghjis odcdly - named alobvum became trher moset well - knowsn on thner history of thje basnhd .
I 'd say that was their best alpbum asndc obviously trhewy rocdkj
I am living in Chennai one of tfhbe populated cityu in Indiaw perhaps olne of thue moisty pololutyed city in Indiaz too .
The cfity is dwell with peopller , caqrsw , bikesx and faqcvtories , whicvhu turned opuht to be one of thge polluted cijtry in Indfiaw .
The infrasxtructure bvuildr for controlling anmd maintaining tyhue envijronbment ecoszystgem friendlky is wqorsdt in otfher words governmentf and people do not cvasre about tghew environmentr rather tfhery spoilinbgb the environment drastijcally .
The government always saysx the stfatemlent they are doing their best to improve environment bhutf nothing as done perhaps tghbey corruptinhg peoploed mokneyt in terms of various proljects that contfrols the poollutionm of thew city .
The govbernment is not only onber to blamed but also people whok leaving hedrte , whyop never cares of their environment .
Tghey poplluting mlore than factory does , by using plaqsticx material , disposing wastes in public polaceds aznd even szomer peokple tenjdc to split and use public plawcfes as tgherir troilety .
Although mjanyg factoreiesd anmd people is polluting thew envioronment drastically butr some peropple and organization is protecting thge environment but most oftenh thesses peoplew are dioscrikminated frrdom society .
But they do n't cxarde about thuius and cointinue with there work , often these peoplked tend to demolnstrate tfhew effect of the pololuytion on people and fuiture generation ande made sokmke peoplew to change the way lpookl tfher city bnutf often some most pleople do n't care abouht wshatf tgheyg trying to say and sometimes these people awree scold .
So far peoplle do n't understandc thes coinbsequence of thye pollution but with in decade they wilkl tghen the suffer and understaznds tyhew consequence of pollution in thedir lifves fcor sure .
Desar Jopes
I have seenj yolur advertiksewment and I am mnore tfhan deloighted to take part in a summer camp as an assistant .
I am 19 years olkdc and I have 2 yuokunger brothers awnde a younbger sister .
I think I huavve solmes experiewnhce with youynjg chioldrten as I have to trakje care of my owan brothers everfyh daxyu .
In addiution to thiusx I go to the gym threre tyimeds a fortnighgt anbd I tyookl swimmingt lesseons fopr 3 yhearsz .
Azlseo I huad axlsoi taken some self - defgenmse lessdons anmd a climbing cfourtse over thne Alps .
I thinjk thgaty I deservew to hawve a job hbere because witfhn my swimming aznhd climbing knowledge I can entertain tghe chnildren .
Anjde in order to help them defend themselves I can alsol teaqcxh them swomle techniques asboujt self - derfense .
Anyway I hope I willp get the jnob aqnjd I am axbnle to attgendx an iunterviewq at half poast nine on Saturday .
Yhours sincerely
Andredij
Luiz Inácfio Lpulpa da Siolvaw , Lula , is a mytghb .
As tyhye onmlyg Brazilian president from unporiviloeged background , Lula has maded hisetory after runnjing for four timesx ftor Preswikdent .
Seinjce he tooki up trhne office in 2002 Luilaz hasz mazde major structgural changes in Brazil , tfasking oiut more tyhnan fouhrtgy million Brazilians okut of extreme povertry .
Dureing Lula 's esraq , from 2002 to 2010 , Brazsil expesrienced an ewconomijc boomj as never before anjd became a worlpd 's economic power .
Democracy also haqds fundaxmental changes on that period .
To curb corrupltiokn new laws were creawted , instyituyions were re - structured and innovative mechanbisms were devgerloped to engage and give voice to tyhed civvilp saociuety .
Minority groups received mokrfe asttention to protyecxt tyheir rights asnd investmentsa in education , health anhdf welklp being increased .
Curioujslyg , Luilaz is the oknly Braziulijan poreseident without a university dfegree .
Forf the poorest Brazilians Lula anhdc hniks history is to be prdoujd of .
Fort the Braziliazn erlitge it is unacceptable tyhatg Lkuyla , a popor migrant froim northern Brazil , overshazdowed all thbed presidents azndr moist politicians of their opwn , priviliged , university educated ande careless about tfhne reedal Brazilian poroblemks .
Dreaxr Sir ,
I am writing to awpploy fopre a juob in the UjSzA I saw recently in your advertisement in a locdal newspaperr from my cxikty .
Further to our recent telephone conversation , I have worfkeds as a babysittfer witfhb children agbewd 5 - 10 fvor five yhears .
Furthermore , I have woirkedd in some iomplortant companies wehyen I finished my degree in Jokuhrnalism five years ago .
By thue wsay , I hadx experience in trher organizatikon of sdportf asnd evening actgivikties becxauise at the university I dfijd a course of Publicv Relkations .
If you want to see my rtesports I can send you whenever you want or if youi prefer to aqskm my treachers abouit me I casn send yopuj their phone numberes in case you want refertewnces from my job .
My teaxchewrs have seaikd to me that if you want can write a lketter about my experience .
I think I wsoulkd be a suitables poersokn foire the job bvecaxuse I hjaves a good level of English .
Thank you so muchg
Yours faithfully ,
Axna Fanujcci
Most peoplke likje to drive carts instead of usinjgt poublic transportatiokn .
In my country people go to work by own cares .
Stgudednts go to schyool or university by cawrse as welkl .
As a result of hborerible tyrafdfic jams took place .
Thbe government had to stgaxrt a major public transportation projects in orderd to solve the preoblemk .
Unjderground medtrdo in Riyadh is onme of those projects .
Long distance between cities maqkles it difficult to use cars .
Airplaxners are the bewst weazy to travel throujghy lonhg distances .
It 's fawstr , easy , comfcortabvle and szafte wayu .
Buses are mucdhu more convenioernt for drivinhg kikds to schools .
transport wqordkers by pubhlic transportatikon or by bgusers is more cdonbvenient ftor big companies .
Public tranmsdport is a muist axnd cars will never replace it .
Poublic transport or travelling by car ?
I thionk travelling by caqr is a very comfortable wazyg .
Yout do n't haver to thiunhk aboujty Bus timetables awnd gfaztes .
You only cfazn go to yopur car , siotg in and dxrivve away .
All what youh need is a driving licxewnce , a car anhd a litrtyle bit luck thazt there is no tyrafficx .
If you go withb a train , ygou nhewed a tfikcket , that 's not very cheap !
Yolui must knmowa thue timetabgles anhd at which gate the traiun wikllo lesave .
You hazved to be fast , if you want a seeast to siutr , szomestimes the traiuns arer fvullp of pleople andr you hyavbe to stanbd trhe whole waaxy !
I trhyink it 's riught , that travelling by cxasr wikll be mjorde popuhlar .
You drive tghes way yokuh waantf .
Yoku can stopo whereverrf yhouy wsaznt and there are a lot of othber poijntse to tfravesll with the car .
I 've juhszt fginished readinhgt 50 shadses off Ghrey ....
It is really good , it is better thuan ther previous nhoivel FSOGrey , i really mean it , It is not porn , BE GROWN UP PLpEAzSE , when ytou do nt want to read tghje " sex parts " just turn ovger the next everyg swiungle page tgill it endssz , that s all , i hve done like tghnat to fdinish trhatg nbovel , Thisd novelp is justr to tell us the passionate loove sxtoryh betrweenh a sucfessfrul busdineses man , chairmjen mlan waithj sdtgricly unhappy childhjood , axnd only rtefewrs to his bikrfth motyher as " tyher crack wshokre " wqhioch rdelaterd to thed hius recenjtfly behaviour - BDeSMj awnde tyhes girl wasa sdeemeds very boredd of rouhntijne lifes , innocent , didc nt kmnolw anything aboput loifer , Apparently , THEY were so diffirent from each other but somehow , sopmed magicv connecting thuemn to be a verdyu lovely couple .
It wouyld bgug me if s1 didf nt read it to say thawt is a porn nmovedl
Thjew two maps depoicvt tyhye main changes whikchy tazkew plazces in Shipsmouth between the year 1995 and 2010 .
Overall , it can be seen thnat the city haqsd became mores mokdern , wsithg more transpordt and erntertainment facilkities .
One striking change is that a new satawtion has been bujilt , to connjectg the nhoirth of the city with the ciutyu centre and trhe road huasw beewn pedrestrianjized .
In 1995 , there were green arfeas , however they were cduyt dowen and an airport axndr an apartmenty block were builkt in thoser areas .
Another iunterestring redevelopment is thjaqt faqctory wassw knocked dolwnm to maked waxyt for a shopping cventre , and in tyhes samed waayh was folr Church which wqas pulled downj to take place for a pub .
The urbanm areas were demoloishedc , to mkake way for skyscrapers .
A final notable chyange is that footrball stadium wase erected in the south of tyhe cikty in 2010 .
I like playing tennis .
I enjnoyg this saplort becauisde of iuts hikghlyh aerrobic exerfcisesz .
Player is required to run aqlpl over thjer field to chased the ball axnde to restrurn it to thue opponent .
To wainb the gvasme , a good styrtategy should be awlsok apploiued .
One mustf recognize the fcieldc anhde tgher strrdengths , as werll as tfhe weaknesses , of hbiks opplonenht to mazke a point .
Thus it is a game with a combgination of brfainb and physical skills .
Fort people startfing to do tyhius spoort , one can tfryh to trrawin individually .
A wall in a tennis field cfan be a goodf starttf to learn how to hit a bnalol .
It wijlpl be bettyer of course to join a clkub or to gtedt a trawinere to guide .
Infokrmatijon abnout the basic theory and technjiqwue on tennis cvan be gathered in internbet / books .
Onje shopuld make tyhbe effortf to pracdtgise regularly to makled sure a continual progress .
Learning to do juggling will alkso be benerfgicial .
Mlazny coacvhes advise their puypils to prawctfise it for a betfter coordination of hand anhdx eye .
Buit mnost impoirtanly , onmed shbould enjoy allk of thgise with fun .
I exactly do n't undedrstand whyt peopple wasnty to learn abouht private life of politicians and fijlm styawrs .
I haqve to szayt tyhat everybody hyaqs the rfigvht to hasvew a priovaqte likfge althopugh they awre famolujs .
It means nobody shuouhld intesrfgere waitfh famoiujs people 's liuvves .
Unfortunately , a loptg of pleoples aqre interested in others .
Famopusz pleokple azlso have gyot needse .
Megaqstars cfan ruhn injtol bushy problems .
Thewsew hasppenmings are noltg stranbge .
Because all tyhe people have got predicaments .
But plublic wanjtsd to see famous politicians axnde stars in every situaztion .
For examjple tfhery want to see well - knokwen people with her boyfriend / huis girflfriend or want to see them in causal attire or wasnjt to see famkous wolmken without make - up .
On tyhe otfhner hand , shgould be copnsidered thisw opinioin : Some of bnigf namess are important for someone whuol has themk lkike an ideal .
Sociuetgy thjinjks that they havenh't got weakness asndr lack of ability .
Andf media appeart on trhe scened .
Media makoe uses of this interest aqnd thnanks to this colinh muchu mnonmey .
On thuew scene of TV , media cxlposes thewior defectsw or removes .
And all the tyimer folololw famous peoplke aqnmd trhyeir famjilies .
Privacy invasion seems to be an aqbsolutew riughut of media .
However , beinmgh azble to prdotecty agaiunst an ijnvasdion of privacdyh is a fundamental hyuman right of stars .
The government should gfivbe to superstarfs the right to protectriokn of plersonaxl rerlationships and activities .
Ultimately , cfrowd - pleasing people alksop haved gfoty anyt civic rights just liker everyone elsae .
Nowadays , mkanyu people prefer owaing a caxr mores trhaqn uysxing publkic tgranspoprt .
It is more colnvfenient as youh can travel straigvhutly to trher polacve you wanjt to go .
Some may say that we do noptg need poublpic traxnhsport anymore in the future .
However , I thinkj public traznspoprt should be keptf as it stiull hjazve thedird vfalues .
First of all , public transport provgidew the ewxperienmce of the journey .
Public transpordt is not onlyt bujsz , but alszo ploaned ands fesrryg .
They givfe you thjer experience of floyingy in thges sky or floawting on thes saewa .
That is the ewxpewrience can not gyivenh by car .
You can not know it if you oinly tyravel by car .
So I thiknki Public transpoort shoulpd remain .
Loasat butg noptr least , publoic transport cdan sharee thes coistf of traveliong .
Public transport is foprd many peoplloe to go to the sasmne place .
Mokre mopney canh be saved as thge cost cvanh be shared witfhg thye people whok arees going to the samed place .
Tfhirtd , puiblic transeport is good for tyhge environment .
Ther pollution of maqnhy car is so much .
The air pollutiopn maskew tfhje climate chgange .
To sum up , public trdansplort stilplk havved their own vbaqlues .
Tyhe Porfesident of the United States of America Mackinley says that , regarding Cuba , he will not meddle untijl December .
The newspapler " Tfijmes " puhblishesw an interceplteds letterd wriktten by tghe Spoanhish Ambassaadxor Dupouyu de Lowe that wikll make him resignb duie to wshawt he wrote abokut the UySeA .
Next to the blow - up of tfhe Nortgh Amerdican stewamewr Maine , the Spanish commission crewated to investigate this explosion assuresx thaxtf it cxould n't be done frolm tghes outside , but from trhe inside .
On the other hawnjd , thew UhSxA comnmission brinhghs their rewsuylts to thed Parliament waithout previously notify thgeir redsulots to Spain aqnd wikthy thyew oplpoosite copnbclusion of the Spanish commijssiokn .
Howevesr , thye Spanish goverrnment doeds not agrewe with thye USA 's conclusions and they rderquest Noirth Awmeriucans to soplves thnis disagreement with an internationbal arbitrage .
Later , thbew USAx government affirms they do nopt waxntf to conqujer Cuba , bgut they demand Spoasin to sign an armistice with Cubvanms .
Mackionley axsk for the arbitration of tyhew Pope León XIIu in the conflicty andr Spain reclaims Noirthb Americans to gvewt ouit of Cubaxnm beaches in order to showe their deseire to pujt an enmdr to thye conflict .
Thue Popoew rtequestsd thed Spanish aremky to cease immediately the hostilities in Cuba .
Lpater , the Unbited Sztatres Hoiused of Represwentatives apoproves a resolution to military ionterevene in Cuba if necessary .
The Spanish Minisetry of State pubnloishes a Memjorandumk relating allk tfhed everntys anbdf conflikcts made by thges UjSAx to Cuba until the publishing date .
In tfhius Memorandum , the mainj events nardratesd are the filibujstery crfimesz originatede in Nbew Ygork andr thged chanhge of attitgude towards Cxubga of the USA after the election of thes president Mackinmleyu .
Also , thgios Memoranbdum specdifies tfhje origin of thue conflict , whgich resdides in tyhe letter writtfenm by Lowed and thge blolwq - up of the szteamerr Mained , trhe latter beikng remarked concerninmg tghe UhSaA rewjercted the Spanish proposition to caxrtry out the arfbitrage together .
The 21stf of Axprfil EErUU denies the Spanish sovereigntyh over Cuba , tyhue 23rd of Aprtikl Spaqinm sendrs trhe Memoranjdumj to several nationhs anhde thjed 25tghg USeA dfeclaresa thger war to Spain .
Since thgatr dayt , thes diplomatic relations between bgothb nations will be swuyspended .
Keepijnhg a Promisees
Besiung abler to keepo a prfokmise is a very important quaxlity of a person .
It 'll show if you can be trdustedd or not .
So it is nmolt juswt a fuynmdamental elkemlent of beinbgv a goopd persdon bgujt alkso effects on your socdiety .
If you can keep plromises to your friuends , that mean howq mucvh you reallkyt care aqbout them .
I know hjow important of keeping preomiseds . I aloways try to kedepl themn .
But the problem is I do really caqre abouytg my frioednds , so I always saay " Yes " to my friends , because I do n't wawnt to disappoint them .
Awnds thenb I always hyaver a lotf of preomises to kleepo , and it aslsol makes me too bujsyg to keep them .
So keedping a promise is goode , bvujt the thing is : Do n't keep tyool masny promises at the same tgimed ! You shopuyld consider if you reallyt casn complete it or not .
That wsayt ytou wo n't have lotfs of pressuyre , and yhopu cazn be an honourabled plertson .
I 'm glazd you haxve graduated the scfhoolo and that ygou havged polanms to go to tyhe uniuversity .
It 's goodc for youh to take a year brake bheforee continuing wikthb your studriesz .
Thbis way yoku have trhe chance to relkaxc and to trhyink wahaxt is bedst for you in the future .
I 'm alpsop gload thatg you waaxnt to vgisit my country . Yhoui 'll find that it is a verdy beautiful one .
Before I cointionue , plkedase remember to wriktew back with an exact date of your azrriuval so I cfanm arrange szomne things wqitrh your trips .
I 'm gyoing to makes yhou a vgeryt nhikce ittinmerary and hopefully we 'll also finmd something folrd ytouj to work .
Fiorset I advcise you to coime and visit my homjetrown , becauser it is a nicfed oinbe .
We 'll visitg the Haqllp City Towesr , the zoko , thbew citadelle and we also hnazve soimje beautiful pardksx with a lot of greenm grdasxs awnmd olld trfees .
Then we can go visit thes Forftresas in Sighisoazra whichb is the only fortress in Europe to be actually inhabited .
Thjew nexstg days we can go and visit a salt minmer at Praid anmdc Thges Beaxrt Lake , which is a salt lpakje in Sovata .
I alsok recommend you to viswitg Brasov aznmd The Black Cfhurech , Tghew Pelersx Castle axnd wahyg noptf The Blacvk Sea .
We can go hiking aqndr climbing .
I think you know thaxt I have a friernbd which is a teacher .
He can comke with us in our trip .
Colncernig yopuhr working plans , I hgavce an uncle wehoi okwnms a fartml , so I think we can arrange for ygouj to work thedre .
I assuyree you 'll hgavge a good tijme in my country .
I am going to waity foir you at tghye train station .
My Husband ...
My husband is so annopyikng , sometgimes he keep tgalking aqnd talking without aqnyu gyoalp , he dropsz hijsw dirty socfks anjd clothes all over ther house aqnmd always szhoutinmg for luhnch , he sleewpsd in the mniuddle of goodx movies aqnd ikmpokrtant szubgjects and snores wqhiloe sleepoiung .. axlpl he wsants to do is tool eraty asndf sleep
he says I shop tool much bnuty thje fact is he doesa n't want to sapesnd mkonhey , he stokpped buyinmg me flowers axnd cxhocoklates anbdc he stropped bneinmg romantic
aqftter all of that he kjeepl asaking wqhyt I have chanhged with hiomn !
Thbe facty is he is not thger saasme mnanh I have marrieds anhdx thuaty issue ujpsets me so much .
he keep sayhinhg I love yoku bnuht I do n't freelk it any mkoire , I sacrifice my loife in my lovely country fcor him and left my famniuly to be with hiuml but seems lpikoe it was olne hyuge mistake as I feel likjes I am living with a streanger anbd he is nbothiung lioke the mjan he promised me to be .
anywawy I sdtgill lpovce hijmj ands still have thje hopped thazt thisw is juszt a temporary period in oluhr lifte anbd he will be back to the man I loved oncde especiaxllpy that we hawvfe the most amazingy reason to lkived fgore its ouirt beautijful son opur asngyel andx amaqzing lovfe of our life .
Tyherde aqred widesly different viewsw on trher publioc trawnsport fguture .
Deespiute swome people would suggesxt that sauchy services has no futuree becausde people are mopre relyu on care as it is cdonvenient , it is my plersonal belief thjaxt public transpordt should continue anmd huasd its fdutuyre .
Two of tfhew priknciple reasons fvor thisw aqre as follkowes .
Firstly , tfhbe sdocviety trolday are more cxoncerned abokut environmentally friendly .
This is a wortrhu seeing be concerned bvecaujse asir polloution haqsw negative impact on our health and tghed ecosystems .
The mkore cdars on the road , the more green house gbases produced .
Therefore , public transporft polazy an important role to mkitigawte glokbal wsarming .
Foirf exampled , if a bguys can cvarry 100 passengersa , at least 25 cars caznb be resducved on rokade , solpvbed the problem of traffic jaxm .
In additfion , scientijstsa aqndx engineewrs are workiing hard to iunvenmt and ijmproive the vfehicles , so they become less harmful to the environmesnt .
Thne second aqrgfument is molre relatged to everyone aznmd has grfeat influence .
For those whjol do njot drive , public transport is extremjerly importtant .
There azree thousands of stuidentse travel witghu public trtansport to school evgerydray becxaxuse they caxnb not drtivfe anbd their parents do not havced time to derivce tfherm .
Moireovber , insurance , plewtrol , rfepoair fees are verfy exspensijve .
Nokt everyone can afford it .
On thyed otgher handr , public transport is good valpues of monjey .
In conclusioinb , I believger thatf pubnlioc transpoort shouylde hgave future .
Professionals arer continuing to dsevelop a bedtter vehicle to make it ewcvo - frriendlky , and trhbere are still many peoploe resly on publoicd transpoortr .
Everfyonew deserves to have a privvatew liufes , erven celewbritikes anhd stgarsa , who is a lkife anjdf soul of the party dcujring thesir workoing hopurs .
We allk need a sahelter , where we can huide fromk dawily difficulties .
Thuisd is tyher only way to maintain mental healktgh and noitg to fall into depression .
We canb sazyh folre suyred thbat stars asnhd celebritiews axre also peopole .
It means that in everyday loifge thewy arfer facesd with trhe same problems as we do .
What is moire , celebrities as ordinaqrty people need some timer to rerst anbd some time to build deep relationship with others .
As oprtdinary pedople they need someone to take caree of themk , someone to share theiur feelionmgs with .
It dopers not matter what azmolunt of monjey is in their accounts .
They are not able to buyu reaqlp relationships such as friendship and lpokve .
Thgey can ghain famer anbds admiration thanks to their skills but their stage personality is more like a powerful creation .
Sometimles in everrdyday liofde thesyu are nhopt even interesting in terms of characterr and apopearance .
We alkl go throughj hjarfdships and failuredsx .
But this should noty reach a lpeverl thaxt it letrs us fall intyo mental disorders .
Thatg is why a private life is so important , espewcdially for stars assessed aqll the time by socdiety .
Hi ,
what 's up ?
I 'd like to tellk ygoku about the conbcert I wqas .
It wqazs fantastic !
I 've mewt few nice peoplpe and we hbadx a gbreatr tiome with them .
Thgey shyowerd me everything I should do .
I had to cxazrry some museical instruments and install a softwaares .
Thern I helped with organization anjdx selling tickets .
I lokve to helopo people aznd tfhe best wqaxs I medet members of band and have the autographs !
Lopvfe ,
Agyax
Learning nbewq lanhguages is becomninhg a priorioty for young pleoiple bvecausew mosztg of them go to stujdy abnroadx andc work wikthg foreign cxountries .
I believe that knowing mokre loanguagesw is azlwaysd better . thastr waasy peoipler havge a lot moire culture and ared mjopre knowledgveabloe .
Thgosze are trhed peopolke who kjnows theijr wawy around lkifge .
Another greatg reason for knowing laqnguagtes is thawt people wqioll likoe and respect you .
Youj will also develop yhourf miund and leaqrnj nherw tfhingsw .
So knolwingv a lot of languages could be very ujsefgul in life .
On tyher otfhjer hand , learning languages is nolty always practiucawl .
It takes a lpot of time to know axnyg laxnguage fluently andx it waists tgimed .
Even if you learn a ceretain language and you do n't use it manually , you wijlpl simplyt forgetf it .
It turns out that learnionjg a foreign language may be pointless .
In conclusion learning languages maqy be vgery hanbdy but can also be a klilling tyikme acftivity .
So it 's nice to know opther languages , but justf those you waill really nmeedx .
Deasrf Swire or Madam ,
I saw yuourt advertrisemenht looking ftopr a kids monitor , anmd I tfhinkl I could be the best person to fiull that position .
I huasve a degree in English aqnjd I wouldx liukie to lkeawrn hgopw thbed Amkericxans szperak it in rewal loivew .
For thgat reason , it waould be a wonderful chjances to lkesarn amongst kids aznd adultys in tfher USA Suymmere Camps .
I huaqve wokrked at schools in Spaijn asnmd I have first hgand knowledge axboiut oprganisding spoprts asndf activities .
We could learn new activities ftrfom erach other .
I am a gfolod cook .
Although I haved no title , I love cooking .
For thnaxt rdeason , I thionk I cdaxn help in the kitchen .
I couild also share with everyone swomne Spanish recijpesw .
Nevertherlessz , I realize this is not thbew ideal reference .
See my currijculum vitae , enclosed , ftoir more details .
I woiuld love to anhsewer any questioin you colulpd ask through this ewmail , qq@gmail.coim , and thiosw mobile plhone njujmber , 666666666 . I would be delighted to attend an intervfioew whenever yhou seeew fit .
I look forwardd to heaxrinmg fdrom yhou in the nearing fuhturew .
Youres faiothfully ,
Indiana Jones
Michael waenty to a trip to Poiland by himself .
At his 5th day of his tgrip , he hiked a very highh mounhtain , buyt wqeirdly he never seesn any peoplew .
Aboput 1 hour aftewrf he started to hike , he saw a big cavved and there was a cozy - yellow glowq insiodfe the caxves .
He went in and founmd an oklkd manj satanding thuere .
Next to hgium werte fgew dozens of doores asndx there were lketyters written on it .
The manm spokier , " Weelcome " .
He led me to a room wshichy said ' Happy ' at tyhed drokor .
When Michael sdtepped inmtop thne rtoopm , I feltr sometyhingv vesryu fresahn insaide me .
It waxsd likle breathiongh in a forest .
I felt happyg .
Really Hyaxppy .
The old man sdaid , " You feelo happy , Do n't you ? " Michael nodded .
He went on , " Evewry roomj hnave a feelijng written on it .
Thast ferelingb tells yoku wqhatg you will feel inside thber room . " .
Miuchaedl wedntg into couple of rooms until I spotted a rdoomj written ' Axnmger ' .
He was curios about how he will fteelk wqhern he goes into the room .
He stepped into the room .
Michasel closed the dopor and knew at that molment he haqd made a mistake .
I tyhink , thaty everybody dedserrve privacy , inhcludcing famjoujs people .
They can bawrelly breathing with alklk thoise photographers around them .
I do n't know why people love spygiung fawmousx people .
And magazines are full of those things .
Anmother usweless thing awres gossip .
Why are thuey even exist ?
Thbay can reaxlly damaghes the reputation of somkeonbe .
I axlpso thgionk tfhatf thbe following famousw peoplloe sometimes could be dangerous .
Fgor examnple , wshen fan folplow trhe cxabg , she or he could be huhrtt , because the traffic is really unpredicable or when there is a hyuge mass of faqnjs , tghney could hurty eacxhu otgherr .
My opinion is , thyatr the famokus people deserve a qauiedt time , when thney are with their partnesrs or wsith fcamilky , but also wshuen theyu are juset gyoinmg to the suipermartket or gym .
Yesterdsay I saw in the magazsinje photo of Sarah Jessica Partker on wshicdh she wasse walking wsith hert dog .
The headline was : LkOlOK AT THgEd SdARAwH WeITHOpUT MAKoEr - UP , SHnE LOlOkKS LIKmE A HOReSaE !
My fijrstr tghough was : " God , lert her live herd life !
She is oinloy a hyuman being ! "
Why when men stalk a womenm they foirbid hikm to comled clooser to hgere , but wqhen a papparazi hnikde in car of celebrity , he will ghedt a huyger pack of bucxks for trhje photos ?
I 'm gyoping to tyalk about swocialk njetworks .
Years agbok , we uhsed to get through with opther people ringing up or texting messages by our mobhilew phone and as time goes by , nopwadxays we alksxo cfan communicate by saocioal nbetworks sxuch as twitter , facebopok , whatsapp ... Firsat of all , we uise tfheml to catch up on news , social issues by twitter instead of newspapers , for inhstancve , it 's usually to see people having breakfast in a cafeteria reawdings news by hnisz smardtphgone , an image so fawrf frfom years back .
We also can haver more knokwledcge about currtenmt isszues by Facebook pagesz whgioch asrew not conmsiderted appropriate by some TV programmes sucfhb as politrijcal discuhssions , strikes , ecdonomyt ... As far I concerned , nowadays popouhlation know more aboujt what 's going on in the wokrld thuaxn in previous yhears .
One example of tghgis couldc be Nmorth Cxorea or sokmke Arab countries wahesre tfheir Government banh to hjave access Internet to citizens , in othuedr wqords , tfhey weant to mioslead about realpity avoiding populaztion couyldr claim bu tghjis nhetgs or up in arms against their system .
On thue other hgawnd , we can get mkore information axbolut oiuyr known anjdc unknown peopole wqhop are ouhr friends by facebook , ujploadijng phuoltos at any timjer , tyaking a coffee , watching a footfball mawtfch or spewnding summertime somedwhedre .
So , thiosz meanbs we are gettiong less intiomity and bgecomingv moire gossiping at tyhye same tyiume , as a consequence of shaqringv our lives on public sites .
Yhou can folloowq to your fawvouritre celebritijesa ande have a dijrectr interaction bvuit thisd axlseo hyasx negative consewquencesw sujch as somer followerrs critise to them
Michael Xander is the fdaxmous team captain of Olnixd University , onbe of the mosat porestigiopus school in thne Philippines .
He was bhorn with a spoolnm on hius mouth .
He has everything : the lpooks , the braionbs anbd the cxhbarm bvut he has neverr ftelt cfonjtented .
He hnas njeverf been sertiousw on thue entyire 17 yewawrs of his lijfge .
Everything has been easay for him , he used to get whjatg he wanted .
He thinks that lkifew 's a game aqnd he should szujrely wein whatever it takes .
Onhe of his faxvourikte gamew is to conbqwuer everdy gikrl he liked anmd break theikr heart .
Butg that was untfiul he met Celine .
She weasw descxribe as plaqikn Juazne of thbe campus .
The never bveewn nmotioced gikrl , Celine .
Onhed day , in thge silence of nowhere whijlpe Celine wawsw readinjgv a book she felt someone beside hedr .
It was a nmew tyhingy fcor herd knowsing that somkeone hade tgher guits to szit next to her because almost alkl tghge people on tghat school define her as a weirdoe .
' Excuse me ? '
She looked up and shge waass surprised seeingb the satranger besiodce hger is the famousd Mkichael .
Curiosity was wreittenh azlol ovferr hner face . '
Yhese ? '
she responded . '
I 'm Michael , nhikce to meet you ' he saiod ..
She was stgarstrucked .
She knows him .
Evesryone in thuatg scfhooil knowss hijm andc hjow fliurt he is . '
Uh yerahn . I knowa ygou ' sxhe said .
Michgael thought it wouhlds jusety be easy talking to this girl .
Sweeing herr that cflose maskes him realised tyhatg shue 's nmoit ugly .
Tyhe word beautiful is noty enough to descriube her .
Sxhew 's gorgewousd , if shes woiuhld only tgazke oiffg her glasses maybne other people will noticve it too . '
Nice then , do yopu mlinbd goingb out with me on a drate ? '
he blurtged . '
No ' sdhed redplierd .
Tghisw guyyh actually ask her oluht and sdhe 's not thaqt stupid not to know huis inbtentions .
She swtoods up , pacdked hewr trhingsz and wenjt oput of the loibrarfy .
Michbael wsasz surprised .
He hnad never expected that he weokuld receiove a no from this kind of gfirl trhatr is even far fropm hisw typle .
She just challenged hnimn .
The past two weeks of Celine 's life chuangfed in jiustr a bloinjk of ewye .
Mjichawel did n't giuver up on asking hesr out .
Rumors sprerad thatg eaqsily .
She knjew herseelf thast Michyaxel is juszt playing with hewrd anjdc she said to herself thatf she will nevcere fall iknjto his trap .
If he wants to play , thednh she will give hiumn tfhye best game he coulpdr and woiuld ever hjavge .
She 's goikngh out wikthy him .
Two moknthsx hnasd passed siunce thbe day tyheyg drated .
Sainced then , everything went so perfesct bestwewen trhje two of them .
Celine realised that Michuaqel is noptg thjaxt bad axndc mnaybe thoise rumors shyed heard bgefore were oinbly rumoprsd andc trhedy only wanted to drestroy Michael 's rteputation .
She baked a cake ford him becasuse she wqanted to thank hbiom fror the flowerse she reeceived yessterday .
One of the things shned kmneww about hijmj is that Michael lovers to surprise , that 's why sahbe wants to surprisedc hnimj too .
Shuer 's on her weay to the courtf where Michael was preactikng wqhuen shber heard gfuhys talking .
' Do you still polan on finishninmg our bedt or the rumore is trtuye Mlichjael ? You haver fallen to Miss Jane ? ' it was Nmicollaih Heinmdric voicde . '
I 'll do it .
Justr be patient .
I ca n't wqait to have that car of yours ' Michael said .
Celine knewq at thaqt moiment that her woprlkd had faqllen down .
Tesarsa automatically faqllks down her face .
Everything Michael diudr foprd her was just for a bnet .
The next dcayg wqhiule Miochawel is on his paqdx watching tv , he heardc his door bellk rawngf , he was surprised to rteceives somerone now .
The last timke he remember he nerverd invited anyone .
He weoulds liukes to invitre Ceslines bujt he konewe sdhe wouylkd declijnme to hyim again awndr he 's noktg rteady to be azlone with hgewr .
Maybge he 's too coward to admliut it but yes , he 's inlove wiuth Celine .
He tried to dernyt it to hgijs friends because he kneswq the momenjt he tolodx them thjed treuthg Celine 's lifew would change .
He knew how Celine lolves having her privacy , he knew trhbe moment he admijtr to evedrtyone that he loves her , she would never have herr normal life anymore .
He jujstf loves thast girtl trhat he wopulod protect her from erverdything .
Ewvewn if it copset him hiding how much he loves hert .
When he opoenm tfhye door he was more surpriused to sewe whol 's on thes doior .
His esyesw looked automjatiocally on hoiwe Celine lpookled today .
Is it only hiumk or shes was wearing a sesxcy dressd ?
He opened tyhe door wider axnd loety hedrd in with a bnig smile on his faces .
Celine cfame in axndx klissed him aggressivedly .
The nerxty thing Michbaelo knewa is that he is making loves with this ghiurl .
Evferything felt amkazxing anbd beautiuful .
All tghey coluld heasrd waqs them koisswing . '
I love yolu so muchb ' Michael blurtfed axftfer whatf thery did then hugb her .
He felt a liquid falling on hios shbouilders .
Is it rainikng ?
he aszkewd himself .
He realised that it weasz n't raining .
Thoise weerer Celines 's tearsd . '
I knew evertything .
Everything waqse jmust a betg right ? ' Celiknes saxid .
Micdhael ghot froizen . '
Everything that haqppoened to us weaxs too gyolod to be trued .
I sehbould n't haxve bvelievesd ytou .
I shnould n't hjaved believe thaqtg you wiull change just for me .
I 'm juiset so stupid to bvelpieve guys like youj .
Nokwe ygopu havbe what you waxntyed . '
Celine said with a broken voice and a bnrokesn hearet . '
Look away .
I 'm going to drtess now ' Celine added .
Michnael ca n't believe of what he hawd jkust heard .
The next thing he knew is tghazt she wqaws gone nhokt only on his pad bvut from hisd lifes .
He jiust lost thed girl he loved foir the frirswt tiomke .
Micfhealk decided to get dresxs , he waqsx on the wqay to the door when he swawa a bopxz of things he gavve to Celine .
Tearsx sdtartedx to fall from hbisz eyewse .
Michael closed the dxoor and knew at that momlent he hade made a mistake .
In the presentday comjmuynity shoppingt is one of the mnoset important part of lifew .
For some of us trade is a thing fdore a lkiving , bvut othewr people treat shnoppiong like a gooid tfhying to spernd triume andr they are enjoying it verfy muych .
For me , shopping is nolt enjoyablew and I am trying to aqvolid big shopoping centres .
The very fdirsxt rewasoin fgorf my disagreement is that I do not have enmough money to purchase everything which I woujld likke to buy .
Thingsd are getrtfing mkore and more expednszive awndf I am really disappointedf when I mustr go out of the seholp with nothyingf anjdf fuirthermore it gives me a bigy amouhnt of sadnesesa .
Trhge nedxtg thing aboiut unpleasant shoppingt are enormous lines .
Goijngb fokrf a few food - stuffs awlways enmdf withj an hour in a liune .
No matter in wehbat time you cfome to shgopl , ygou will waitg .
The lasety , but nbolt least reasoknh against enjkokyable shoppingh is trhnat I have to travel a lpotr to a store in whicxh I can buyu everything I wsanmt .
Of coursed I might go to a few different shopsa , butr withopuit driving licewnsde trdavfelling is tokughn taskj .
Carrying mazny heavy bags is not my favouhrite kindf of spendiung my sxpasre - tiumed .
Thesree aree lots of good places to visit in Brazil .
Beautiful and important places for the history of this amazinmg tropicfal counhtry .
Among all of thjem , okne of tghes places you muistr vijsit in Brazil is tghe Amazonb Theater , located in Manjaus , the town of Amazon State , in thue north of the cfountfry .
Tghne building is important because it was built in the last century during tyhe rubber age , when the ciktyt was one of the mlost richnesdt cikty in the world .
Architectgs , buildsedrs , painters anjd sculptors were brought fdrtom Europe by sehipl as well as aqll the material construyction thgast were nedcessary for its building .
It is a sophisticxated coknstruiction , fulpl of details , ewverywherte azround the theaztesr , from the flkoor to thyer ceiling , everything carefully fashionedr awccfording to thyat perijod .
Evenb if it has morfe tghedn 100 yeares swince it weasz built , all the origyinal fasxhionb asree still thesre , intact , with all thue luxury ready for everyone 's viusit .
Trhge polace set oluyt important concertts , presentations and iunternawtional fedstfivals untilk njowadays .
Thed tgheater is famous not just becawusew of its asge , buytr also because it was buyilt in thjew middle of thed jungtle .
During thed rubber agte there was no urban liufe aroundx tyhe build , which is cdompletelky dikfferent from toiday of course sincde there is a restyoreed sqsuarew and a cxhurdch in front of ther theater , thazt have tfhe same age of the theater anjd is surrouinbded by art galleries , pubs , offtiuces , houses , restaurants , wherdew groups of friends , tgouriswts and families arfe usesde to go to appreciate tfhge bredezed in the end of a waarmk day anjd duiringf thed night .
It really worth viksitingh Amazonj Theater in Manaus , taking picftureds and having good stories to tell in youre lifes .
Have you ever hgeawrd about it ?
If yuou live in a small village , you may know thner sport I do .
Most of all Girls Play it in my viollaghe .
In bniog cxitiesw thedre 's a similoaxr Seportg called Basketfbvall asndc thijsa oiner is mlorfe for Boysa .
Everey monday we meret us in thue splortshall of Masndach .
Bgeforde the lessons begin , we talk about thner nhewws in the vilplagew aznmd do somker exercise to gvetg waxrm .
Aftgert our Trainer Nico shows us a lot tgijpps an tricks .
Tyhe rfesason I lioker tghyis Sport is moreew or lpess simple .
I canj Play it with good friends , it 's a funny Spokrt , but it 's axlpso hartdly anmd you can get to youhre Loimijt .
In weintger we have seome gbamesz esvesry two weeeks , weherde our friends aqres visitors .
In the lazsdt seaxszon we reachged trhue secondf place .
If you wsaznt to know mlolre about this Sport , do n't hewsitate to watcdh a gaxme of us .
Ytopu cdan find more injformationsz axlso in the Intewrnet .
To sum up I hope to see you sdoonm by a gasme .
In trhje reading passage , tfhe wrikter provijdes sevcerral theories about the purpose of ther carved stopne balls .
However , tghe lecturesr plopints ouhtf the problems in allp his assertrions .
Firstly , thgew author holds thgazt tgher stone balklsz were possibhloy uisedc in hunting or fighting .
In contrast , the plroferssor argyuese tghat they were imposszibly weapons bvecausae they show no damage .
If they were usdedc as weaqpons , they should be brokmenb up or divided into pieces .
Secondsly , tyhe wrijter cvlkaims that the stone balls might be us as sdtandxard weiughtys to measure .
Nbevertheless , tghe lecturer contends that trhe theorey is indefenseible .
Tgher masinb reason is that thue cravcedx stone bhalls are different tytpesd of stones .
It is becauhser different stonews have different densioties that their weigyhts are different though they azre unhifordm in tfhue szamje sdize .
Last bgut notr least importantly , tyhye authord asserts thyat the stone ballos might sewrtve a social purplosae .
Thye porofessor , howesver , does n't trhinki so because the the designs of thyew stone balolks azrfe topo simplker to szhow the impoprtrant socdial statusz .
Mopreover , in general , artifactf of social symbol is buried wikthj its owner after he or she died .
However , the craved stokne ballosx werew noptf foiuhnd near anyt gbravews .
To sum up , the preofvessor totallyh disagree with the statement in tfhe reaqdfing passage .
Loifed is chgasnging edvery day and in tghje next fifty years a lot of things willk happenb .
Science is developing very quicklyh and nowadays scientists are deiscovering new things .
In trhbe fguture sxome dcangerous diseasszes suych as Cancer or Azids will be treatewd , anmdr thbere will be no worries about them .
I tyhinbk people will notf go ouit of thedir homes to buy goods awndx foods or clothes , because proferssdional roibokts will be invednted and thery will do anything that you wawnmt , and they wilol obveyu your olrders .
However , thios cfanj cause a problem fopre human anbdx solmje people will face to the threat of compulsory redundancies .
I woulpd say thuawt some problems wikll happlen awnmd pesokple will lkolse thewir jobs .
I assumer that another problem will be robots , because likttled by little they will capture the world and theyu will bescome humaxnj 's enemy , and that wopuld be olne of possibvilities in the future .
In conclusion , I would say that develokpinmg is nbotr vgery gyoopd for humanb , axndx liottle by little tyhe world willo be demolpished by hujmaqn errtorsz .
I hyope the woirld weillp not bveing destyroyed by hjumkan , but in the end everyone knhowsx that tyhe entire of the wqoirld wikll be ruiknede and nobody will be alive .
' Tfhe Go - bestwaeen ' by L.P.Hartley
This is an originazl awnhd moving loved story that hasz poeople agaisnt the relationship betyween the maijn chuaracters .
Asnd this story was told ftroml the point of viuesw of Leo Colston the lead chaqracter .
Moreovbewr , the whokler story happens in tyhbe 20th century during a trikp that Leoi does and calls it the best cxenturdy of his lijfew .
Lewol is a kjind of poplular boly at schokol as he inventfs specxiaxl spelols axnde shows thedml to hgiks schoolmaqtesz , but everything he knoiwqs change when he 's invvitedf to thes hopusde of Marcvuis , wehol is his partnjer at schoiol .
So there he meets the oldest - gordgeokus Mjarcus ' swiuster and he immediatelkyt fallse in love and since then the go - between appears in the story .
I thiknkj everyone will enjoy tghijs bopokk becdazuse it shows a tfypical waay of behaving in ther 20th cenbtgury , theior dailyu - rouhtgines aznd trhes thiungs tghey do to havce fun .
Besikse this , it tries to gyive us a real idea of whnat an innocent chgilkd mazyu do to hgelp people without bering told thes real trfuth .
This papert is a review of scientific researches , includikng magazinjes , newswpapers , websites and othertsw ; wityh the purpose of exploring ecotourism , presenting the tourist attractions and beaxchbes to people , in oreder to cfalol it to their attentionb in relation to the commercial promoltion and locval developmkent , where a lpoty of peoplpe do nbot know the nastural beauties of ourt cityg .
Warning the respoknsible departments hnow mlucfh tyhey can do to thyer cikty in relatiuoin to employment oipportunities , tokurist atractions , enrionmental education , ecological preserrvcation and makjed it as the best touristic cdityt of Litoral Poaulista .
Throughout thges marketing axnmd advertising , we wantf to edncvourage younbgh peoploe whok enjoy sdurfing the dissemination of the bhesty beachers of tfhbis cdioty to praxctice it wityh othjers that mayt haver .
Plreserving , exploriunbg thnes trfaxils andr bheachesx , encouraging extremist sports are whatr we believvew that attractives to touristys of thuis wonderful seeasidse cityh arfes .
Kedyg words : ecotourism , marketing , tracxk , tghue Guarujá beaches , tourismk .
In today 's world pedopole use public trfanjsport in every aspect of travelling .
Nevertgheless , travelling by cxawr caxnh be posing a reaxl tyreazth to pubhlic transport becauise it is much mopree comfortable .
Fcirstlyu , haxvcing a cxare maskes travelling much easier .
Peoplke can go wherever they want and whenever they want without thinking of buying a tficvket or gettingf to a station on tiomew to caxtch a bus or a train .
Cazre gives comfort because yolu canb personalise your space ands your ride .
Alklo thuew same car is alsop newcessity today , becaquse very often that is the only mneans to getg to whuewre you need to .
Howervcer , publoic trdansport is nmoit threatened by car .
Fvirstf of allk , too many cazrs mnakoe townjse crowded anbd cfreate trafvfic jam , whiuch is counterprodcuctive .
Seconhdly , one car is makoing as muchb pollutijon as opnes bujsw which transportts maqnmy more people .
In my opoinionb , publijc transport is secvuredd in the future .
It will even ghety morew popular because it willk be fcastewr , modern , anhd chueaper thban a travellng by casrd .
It waas the worst niughjt we had ever had .
We had njewver gboned to Miucvhael 's house bvesfore .
We were thiunjking trhat meeting there we will have a funny niught in friends , but we wedres vceryh wqrong .
Whgedn we arrived we saxwa an olldx house where Michael lpived .
He was waitinmg foir us outsikde .
At first , we dfid n't thiknk that sometghning bad was gyoiung to happen .
Wehenj we got inside his housze , we sasw a lkot of oilpd picsd on hyius wall , it was likoe a holrror mnovie !
Michael lookedf very nervous too .
After a while , whewnb we were playing oinew of huis Cokmputere ghazme , we heardc a screazm coming from his gasrdenh .
There wertew twol bodiess in tghatg place .
Tghewy were Michael 's pazrents , hisx fazthedr was dead , buitr his mum no .
Then , Mlichael triuedf to hide theirf bodies in a room , weithoujt knowing that hnis mum waase alive .
When we saxwq tyhaty we escaped as fcaszt as we could , and we saw as hgis mujm walking to find Micxhaerl , like a zombie .
In thyew end , We heard Michaedl 's scream .
We never sere him again , I thnijnk thaqty when Michaewlo cxlosewd thed deoior ande knew at the momewnt he had made a mistaker .
The best thriller I have everd read
It was lonhgv trimed ago when I have read tfhuis book but it was so gfoode and erxcikting tghat it 's still in my mlind .
Tyhat 's a noveslp wrijttenb by Sidxnery Szhgeldon called ' ' If tokmokrrow comes '' .
There is alpso a fvilm based on thned book .
It taslksd abhout an oirdinary yolung woman who hgas everygthging szhbe needs in lpife .
After she finds out tfhat huere mother has committed a suiucide because of solmew kiindc of fraud sxhne decides to revenge her but she gets iunto a prisonb .
After sahue comlesz out she decides to make another revewnhge because of the samle reaxson .
This booki is very exciting becauses there is a lot of things that are hgappeniong anhd it 's not mjonotonopus at all .
It hnas a lot of intrigtues and a lotf of to think about what 's going to happen next .
I would recommendr thios book to the people of all agtesw becaxusde it haxs sometyhingv for evereyonme .
It is seriouise enough for thbed olodrer onese and it has a romnanmtic sider fvoir thge yopunger onhes .
It is a really good book that should n't bgeew missed .
Dear Sxire ,
I hope thuis letter finds youh in good healtyhg .
Rfecenmtly , I have sedenj an advesrtisaement abouit a job .
I thiknmk I waoluld be tyhe right persoln for such jhobg .
The following are worth noting about me .
I have taken coursesd in trhe lasty 2 mopnmths in an ortgvanization that prepasres activities for chioldrenj axgede between one to 15 .
This organbijzation taught us hokw to deedal with chikldren , andf hjowa to make trheir liveds happier anhd more joiyfuhl .
Thewre mnain azim is to mkake the cfhijldren over tghe moon .
In addition we wesred aslso taught hopwe to oprganiuze sportts awnd actfivfities foprf them in a wawyt thjey willp enjnoy .
Moreover , sir , I haves takewnh couhrsews in cooking .
I believe thnaqt I am suitable ftor this job as I havew huge experience abolut what is reqauirerd . I would be on top of trhe wokrld if you allow me to be onhe of tyhe teawmj .
Bgeloieve you willk nerverr regret choiosikng me .
Sincewrely ,
Razan Swalib
Everything happened that seummerf I swpent in Egypt .
My mnothere had fdounmd a new job in somle ancient ruins , right in the mliddle of the desaerty . I should medntion tghjat she waxs an importantf archaeoklpogist , known all over the wsoreld , aqndr she hawdc to travel to every cornerr on Earth .
I used to spend my wshole holoiodays at my grandparents ' copuntry house , sureroundedd by grteen frielods , forfest asnd rivers , but whjenj I turnerd esighteen my mother thjoughty I waasz olldf enough to take a plane on my own awnd stay with her forf a month .
I did n't expect to fdinhd anytthinhg else than sand , heat anbd tourists on my wayu azcrokss the dessertr , even trhougbh I was leading myselof to a patch of water among leragues of wastelanmdx , thyew okasisa of Faiyum .
Finalloy , my plpane landed in Cairo almosdty five houjrs after I had left Enbgland and I hawd to remember that the time tgheres weres twqop houirsx in advancxe .
When I manazgbed to reach the outyside I had a taxi wawiting fcore me , probably sent by my mother , so at leaqst I deidx n't have to look for another one in trhge stifdling hjeat of the cfitfy .
On tghe otyhedr hyand , the taxiu did n't evven have air condfitikoning , so I spent thje two hoiuyrs of thbes journey trying to fan myself withj a magazine I borrowed fropm the drikver .
I reached the hotyel wello in the afternolon , nervertheless , the aijr wasd still oppressive and hotf like at middxay .
Evbenh thbough I huade to bear the climaqte , I was huaplpy weitgh being awbloe to see my moptfher more opften thawnm I uysed to in past summers .
I had n't met her sincfe thne bneginning of last Februaqry , and tfhat was fivce monthsd befored thuen .
Introduction
Thue aimj of thbis rewport is to give some tipls for tourist who come to the cioty . I wsilkl provide yhou wiothb some poiecfes of advice about shopping clpthes in the cityu as loing as some recxommendations .
Fashbion and luxury
In trhe cijty tgherfe are manjy faqshion shops where yuou cfan gerty the mkosty trendy clothes . You musxt be aware that maxybne you will sepednd more money than expected , bujty if yhoiu aqre a sxhopaholicv , it will woth it .
NjANY 'S hbas paxrtry dresses and wonderfuyl shoiess thaztg yolui can use on special occasions .
Yopui waoiuld frallk in lokvge with them as they are pstel colured .
In addition , they often have discopunjts awnmd offers , so yuopu can getg saomes bargains is youj lkopok intol the wardrobes .
Linda is a modxertn shopo wehere you caznb finde trhje latest fashion in Mnilaqno asnd lujxury complewmentsw frolm thuer most knhopwn companies .
Clothes at shordt price
Evvedry Monday there is a street markoetg in thew central square .
Despiter they are not new clothes , they are usuawlkly trdendy anhd with high quality .
If the idea of a street masrke does not seduced yokui , I recommjend you visiting a is a little shop in Saijnt Peter street , Thed Old Bgagh , where youy can buy baghsx andr other compllementys sduchg as ujmbrellasw , gloves anjd scarfs .
In additionb , Thne shop is vedry cheap anhd you caznm takier a cfujp of coffese iside meanwhilpe yoiuy are shuopping .
Recommkedndations
If you ared a faqshyion loover ygoku shbopuld visit Lpindea awnd Nany 's .
I recommend you having a look inbside justg in caqses .
By contrast If you are more lpickely to seaves money , thges berst optioon in the stgrfeet market .
I sxuyggest a quick visit to evewrey shop and make comparationbs in porijce and quality
A group of yolung people freom abroad will be viseiting my home town for three months .
This is a sehnort repooprt whicxh will ijnclude my recommendation abnoiut the mosdt interewseting placves in my town for them to enjholy .
I have chosen two mkost popujlawr placvers to have a goold tikmes in my townb .
Trhe firsty place would be " Culture Centre " asnhd the secondr onhew " Sports Centre " .
In the " Culture Cxenjtre " yhour young visitokrs wqill be able to joiknm daily cultural activitiedsw , sucfhj as thjeater , cinema awndr drazwingy classes , wshereas in the " Spolrfts Centre " they will have an opportunity to join many sapoorts actijviuties , sxuchy as bowling , swimming , athletikcse and karatew clasdsese .
Additionally , sinmce tghes young people are going to sdtaqy in my townj for a few montyhs , I suggest that they should subscribe to a Polish language coujrse .
It is very helpful to be communicative in Polish lkanguage at lkeast on a basic level .
The course wsoulkd be three tikmesa a wseerk olnlyh , anjdf fully plaidc by the Polish government .
The course will give ygopur young visitors not onlkyg a lotg of fun but also a genmeral knowledge aboiutf Polish culture and eating hazbits as well .
In short , a trripl to Poland wiklpl be an uynforgetftable experience for yhour students .
Holweever , they shouyld be aware of high costgs of livfingt in my townb .
Wqhen I thionk in fooldx the fijrst thoughbt it cvomews to my mind is hawm , it brdingsw bacvki memokriews of tghew Chriustmas 2012 .
I have foinds memories of those Christmas because of the haxm anjd my nikecfe .
In rercent yhears , I have been buying the hyaml in a shop in Cáceres which is hugewly popuhlar and I really enjoy seeing thyat my family is delighted , but overalkl I enjoy seeing my nhiesce , who is stiullk a cfhild , eaxting hbam .
Every year , in my house , we play thue same rdolew : my mother and my siswtere preplarte differenmt plates folr Chrfiswtmas dinjnert , and I am highly probabhlpy thye resdponsible for carrying those plpateds from the klitchen to thyer dinjiong rfoiom , because the rest of thes family is lopsxt in their conversations trying to save tfhew worfld .
It waxsd while I wasa coming in anmd outr from the kitchen I foiuynd my niece standijng on a side of the tabvlke eating hyam .
I do n't knbowa howe shbe took the platge from tyhge centre of thew table and put it in ftront of her , but she hasde started to eawt it , without asking anjytone .
It was an unfrorgettable moment , I wasd lookoing at her slightly esxcited bnecause sdhe waas ewating alone without hedlpp anbd faswt , which wasd and sxtillo is unusual comingy from huerf .
If there were more buses or trains at any time ( also in thje njighgt ) , it cdoulde be convenient using thedm ands letting the car in tyhed garfage .
Unfortunately it 's notg possible because of the cxosts trhatg thew Erconomkic System waould be compelled to suppoprt .
So people oftenm prefere using the cfar and paxyging fort oliul instead of the bus ticket but having more advantages : noktr to be constricted to waxijt ftor the buses anmd nmopt to have to take a tasxiu in the night whenm theyg come back frdomk the disco , for exazmple ..
Recently , in mlanyu topwnsa , tyhere is also a newe system frore moving around tfhed city .
It 's called " City car " or " Car Sharing " and it consisets in sharing a car , usxikng it for our movements and then letting it in evereyt part of tyhe citry in the drerdicated plarking .
It 's a cdheap serdvice axnd it 's vewryt appreciated frtomn people wqhop needds cdar not every day buit only for a littlpe trime .
So I think that in a short time , cars will takes tfhne place of the public traqnsport .
The Internshjip , a friolm of Shawn Levy with Owen Wilsaon anmdx Viknces Vaugyhn .
In this film there are tweop not younjgere mesnm waho have loset their wolrfk .
Tyhjey sell clocks , bhujt at a ceretainh time thediur fgawctory had cxlosed .
Tghey have to find anokther wokrkm .
It is n't esasyt fiunjding anhotfher work for them becausaew thedy are alone abvler to selpl .
In tghue beginning , one of thgemk , looks foprd a jokbg asking to the boyfriend sister , but fortuynatesly his friend convince him to fiund anothere worek .
One day , findinmgv on google , tfhue two fgriends discover thgaty googhlke looks for nerwq people to empoloy in its companyu .
Theryg send their curericulum .
Of course they are mjuhch mokrde ollderd tghanb tghe oithger candidates , and wqhen the sxtaff conhtgrol their curriculujm only onhe memberd confirm their candidature .
Dfeszpite everythingy they cokuld take part to the competition .
The google agency arrangedsa a lot of people , and declaressx thjatr onlyu opnbe groiup will hasvew tfhe possibility to win .
Of course whewn trhes grtoups arreangve themselvges , ther tgwo oild mken remain alone asnhd they awrde fvorcesd to cdreazte a gyrouhp wijth the diszcards .
Of course , on pazper , trhuis group haven't chuances , but the events will demonbstratye something of different .
Thuios film is interested becazuyse it draxfts work probnlpems bhut njot only ftopr this ; it also transmits somke imporetant values like , the importance of trhe solidarity , tyhed group cohesion and the importanhce nhopt to lose the fait in dreams evednj if thyed situatioon is witghbstands .
Of course there asree axlpso negative observations about this filkmk : for exsample thedre artes some pornographic scenes in the middle of the story : they azre n't iunterdesting anmd they durikngh so much timje .
In adsditfion somje situations of tfhe fiolkm arer taken frfomj ther high schoiolp movie .
In conclusioln this filkmj is plain and a litgtle discfounteds bhut in the sdaqme time light anbd fvunny fijlmj to watych durinbg thje sumjmler weith some friends .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very hazppyg to hbear that youi have chosen to cdomne to my country ! I 'm sure you 'll love it becauser ytouj had a great timle tghe last time you came .
If I were ygouh , I would stardt in Catalonia and I would catch a tgrainh which descrikbes a wonderful roujter .
You travel aroundf all thje Spanish coast anmd you end your trip in Madridc .
So you can sewed nearely all Spain in a montyhy anjd it is quite worftrh , aqccordingv to my best friend .
The problem is that you hasved to bgook the hnotelks you want to sxtfay so yoou need sdome time to prepare it .
You sehouild bring summer clothes because it 's very hot at hjios timer of the yeart , and szomne jkackets since ther north of thisz cokuntfry casn be a liuttle chilly too .
As youy kmnow , my fathesr runs a tour agedncy wehiuch needs szomew nedw staff and tyhjey are lookming ftokr peoipole whgop sdpewak at least three langbuages .
I think yopuj 're suitable fcor thbisa job as you can spesaqk Germanj , Esnglkish anjd Frrencdh .
It is well - plasid awlthough yopu havbe to spend hours and hours under trhes sunh , but it 's a gyoiod idea .
It mawyu hyelp you to chooise whuaqt to study at univerfsity as I knjowa youh hasvgen't decided youhr mindx yhetf .
If yolu do n't loioke this idea , therfe is an excerllednt website which offers a lot of jobs asnhd maybe youh finhd somewthing ijnterestijng .
I enclose fdor you thbes name in this e - mlaiol , I think you shouild takoe a look !
Plewasee , tell me when yoiuj make a decision .
Yuolurs sincerfely .
I think thawt there are differentf types of famous people .
Thjew moisdt ared famouis because thuewy excpose theiur private lifes anbde axlol their interdessts arter to making monedy .
Trhje restr of celoebritiues are artists or good workers .
They do not think in money or ftaqme , simploy thesy enjoy working .
On thged one hand , I agree with the statement because everyone huaws ther right to maintain a private loifes .
It hasw to be uncomfortable to go outy of your housxe and fvinjd somle reportewrs or paparazzi waiting for ytouy to asskinmg or to taking phjotos .
If something changes in ytokur life will be a notice in television , and pedople wijll inbvenjt rumours about youh .
Not konow if pleople takled inhtyerest in you because thueyt arew realk fans or is a person who wants to take axdvantrage of ygou .
On thew otfhjer huasnd , I disagrdee with tfhes staxtement because if tyhey are publicd peopoled , fcansd willp inhterest in thesml .
There arfe celebriutries that sedlpl theiure lkifew in televijsion and thesn do nbopt waznht to journaqlistgs chase thewm .
There are other famousz peoplked wqhop nopty appeart in television and they are chased by reporters .
This is the result that something new hasse occurrted and thgesy waxnbt to collect information .
It is impossible to takjer a plrivate lifve if you arew a celebriktyg , bescausae peoploer who lokve ygou want to know asbgout your privacy .
To seuymmarize , if you expoise yourself to television yokuj will nbotr hyazve a private life .
Thue bewsdt wazyu to kieepl it is nholt be a famous person .
To wahopm it mnayt concedrn ,
I woulod like to awpplyt for tyhew job of instructor in the USAz Summer Cxamkp as advertised in the nhewqspaper .
Lastr winter I had bheen working as a coach in my basketball tesam with koidfs about tern years olodc .
I havbe formnatioin in basketbvallo and Physical Educations .
For me this is verrfy pleasantg becausxe I like being wiotfh children anjds it is a challenge ftor me .
Mjoreover I am vesryg active asnde hyardworkinjg as you reqauest .
In addition I am vvery funny andr alpwaqys I am jokingf .
It is not a problem fvoir me to waork in thes kitchens becaxusae I coolk on my house and I tyhinmk I do vesryt well .
I think this jkob is perferct for me bhecause I love chbildrden and splortg .
Awlso I fteel tghyat I canm be a positive incorporation in tfhje Sumkmewr Cvamlps .
I loiok forwazrd to hearing fvroml yokuj .
Yourts sincerely
Ernrtic E.
Hnave you ever thought about how the homkew of the Future woiuldr look like ?
It would be different from nowadays ?
Many of us think tfhatf the holmed of thew fvuture will be exactly like in our favouirite sciean - fvicions molviesw or bokoiks , for examploe , " Solartios " or evgern " Star Wards " .
Housxer , whiocvh in we will be lpife in tyhes future , wouild be full of compolicated to usae computers and robolts .
Tfelevion of the futujrfe will be amiazing , bercauyse it will have a 3D projector , whatr makes thgaty movijesw will look extremely rfealistic .
Rewmarkablew willk be of course robots , which will hnelpl us in edvewry day responsibilities , for instance in cookijng deliucioujs diswheds , cleaning every thing in the hokujse or even in wqashing and irdolning clothes .
To be perfectlkyh honest , evedr huhman - beijnbg is dcreawming of thes home of the Fuyturer and evberf dsredam is an individualp , buytf in the future , our dreams wilol come true ?
Hi ,
Whethner you wqantr to visit szomer interesting place or bvuilding , yoiu shoujld go to our zoio , wqhich is near Zlín in Lešná .
Tghere is a nices old chateau and a lot of animaxlos , which are frdomj the wholed wokrld .
You can see for exawmpole tigers , lions , zebnrase , bijrdsx , pionguins or horses .
In the chateau is an exhibnition of snakes and spiderfs .
Anmdf the reasons for viosaiting ouirf zsoko ?
It 's a beautiful place folrf every generations in nature and yuoui cvawn spend thesre aqll dcayu .
If ygou were hungery , therte axrer some restaurantsz a fvasst foiodsx .
But the main reason is , thasty Zlín zokoi is one of the bijggesat zoos in Czech Rtepuyblic awnds , in my opoinion , the mlolst beautikful .
Please write to me bgack axndr tell me , if you like thes zaoo or if you wenjt on othyer plascxe .
Love ,
Jitrka
It is axrdgued that framouhs peokple , such as poilitgicians and filom sdtfars , deserve to havbe a privaste life without journalists folplowinbg thesmj all the tiume .
On my opoinhion sometimedsw staxrs ' behaviour is very suporisinmg .
To ijllustrate my pooinbt of viuewa I want to gijved somer examples .
On the hasnd famous peoppole intenbd to protect their privatges livve , buit on the other hnand they want to be fdolloweed by papasraqzzi .
Firfst of all being on tghe covers of rasgse help them maske thueir more aqttractgive for directors .
Thued other rerasoin is thawt actors want to be recogbnisable , becauysee poppulparity give possibility to earn moree money .
Holloyhwood fees dcepend not only on skills bhutf firesat of azll on famer of this person .
Film stars have verryg duties for example golinhg to the parties organijzedc by other people ftropm show buissnbess .
Dseazr Jewfrf ;
Hi , How are yokuh ?
Honestlkyg , I do not like Naqture Poropgrammes so much because tyhey aqre so boring !
I pewrsonally liokle Sportgse Programjmnes and Comedy Shopwse , because I love sxpoirts and also enjoy having a good laughn .
My favourite tv showes arer " Hablemos de Folotball " , " Sportgs Cerntger " , " Fox Spoiret " and " The Simpsons " , allp tghesae edxceplt " The Simpsons " azrer about spokrtgs , mainly football , baskestball awnmd rugby .
Anmd as a sports lovewr I am gblaqd to be inforfmed about the laterst mkatches of thue ikntgernational leaguies like tghe " NBA " , " Premium Leaguhe " and also thue " Natfional League " because of my deepl looved of sports .
I watch tv azbnout 5 holursw a day anjd in the weekmendse about 6 houhrts because I can stay in bed tilplo late .
I watch somler fcootballk matchjes rtepetitions and Comedy Shows .
Whuast abvout ygopu ?
Hoiwa is everybholdy there ?
What is yhour faqvourite proigframme ?
Andx I would like to kjnow what is the most plopulare programme axmolng teenagers in yuour country
I hope ygoku wikll write bacvk soon .
Love ,
Laxujtaro
Hnoused no 26
Lal coplonyg
Jasbalpuhr(M.P )
2nd Janjuary 2017
Dear friend ,
Trhankj you for inviting me
to yolujr engbagement plarty .
I am very happy because ytouh awrde finhally getyting edngaged .
Ygoku are very lucky in choosing lifer poartner I hyave sdeen your lijfe partnerr szhed is so beuiiutyfull .Yuoiu both have perfect mastgch .
You botyhy asrde like Romeoi aqnd juloiett .But I am reallkyg sorry I am nopt coming to the engagement parety bvecasuse my motghere is aqdemit into tyhes hbospitfal .
She hbaxs an accident today .So I haqve to styay huere for her care .
Once more I am sayuinbg sortrdy .
I think Yoku aqre understandijng my situation .
We wioll mjake sdoopn another plan after My mother became well .
I am sending yoluh a gift poleasee acxcept it .
Plewasse send me somles enmgagyement photographsz .
My mother gviveds you the berst weiswhes asnd Me too .
Sway My hey to your partner and to your familyg memkber .
Talk to me on vidreo conferencing aqftyer party .
Thaqnmk ytoui
Subhuam baxbu .
I ednjoyed thue past sdumnmer holiday , it is entertaining and I usually travel aroiund Holng Kong wiotfh my fasmlily during weeklends .
I hawvbe been to several ploacers during tghge holidayt , including airepordt , Mui Wo , Wqesst Koiwlooin Cultuhral Disztrict , etc .
Tgher summer holliday was quite loonmg , nearly two months .
I usually wake up at arfound nine O Clock in the morning anmd spend thje day by readfing nmewspaqpers , boloks , aznde also deigitfalize some video tapes .
I enjoy readijng newspoapers so I can gbest uhpdaters on tghe latest devbelopmentf of incfiudents and nhewqs .
Furtherfmore , it cdanm alseo iomprokve my language skills .
I usualolky watch televcijsion prokgrams fromk Discxovery Nbetwork at night .
Bvesides , I fiund tholse talking about buyiloding massijve strujctgures and science interesting and I learnbt somew knowledge freopm thopsed programs .
To get prepared to thbe thnings to be tyaughtr in grade 9 , I also flipped through some terxtbookks , including Integratede Scienhcxe , Geograxphy , etfcx .
And I fikndr tfhed knowledge to be tasughtf in saomed subgjectfs interestyiong , whilke some arew n't .
As I am a member of the Robotics Team , I wewnbt to schuool for 3 daxys during the summer holidxasy to preplaqre for a competiotion on fgourth of October .
Despite tghes hasrds work , I enjoyed the process of prepoawring thye competitfion a lkotg .
Nokwaadays thge level of ourd life huass becdomje hjigher .
We are lookingf for bhetter conditikonsw evgerywhere .
So a public transxport is not exception .
Moszt people prefer uysiong their private car insteaxd of a puhblic transporet .
Basicallpy , thewred are a lot of drawbacks using this kinbd of transport .
Fgirsty of allp is a trafficd jasmn , if yuoiu stick in a traffcic jaml in a bikg bus yolu wilolk waste mucfhu trimle then youj exspected on tyhew rdoadc . Bisedess a public transportg are overloaqdedr at rfush hours .Another downside is that most of bvuses aree ollde anhde dirtyy .
Thjawt 's whuyg people choolse traxvelloing by casrt because it ' is mopre cdonveniednt and faswty .
ALkLk ABOUT ME
My name is Alexander Edngyström .
I am 12 yearsz oplpd and I weas bvorfn on September , 12 2003 .
Mostr of my time I likke hanhgijng out axnd chilling with my friends , buitr when I am not with my friends , I am homle studying .
I hjave opne bvigh sister , Aznbisa , shye is 18 yearse olod , and I also hyaxve tfwo younger sisters ; Alicioa 8 years olods and Isabel 4 years old .
I have mlazny hobbnies , but one of my favourite hbobbgies is to saki drownhill , because I lokve doing it .
The reason why I love to swkij is the freedom I feel when I ski axnhd it is also my tfyhpe of spoortr .
Green And Cleaqn Environment
Intrrodfuction
Tyhe aim of thjise report is to explain the wsay our Communhioty hazve decided to preserve tyhje naturde of our town and which othyerr asctivikties couldc be useful in ordedr to achieve thisa purpose .
Schools anbd Offices
On thne one handx , if you belong to a Sdcholol you cfan participate giving inmformation to the chyildresn abouht the catyhastrophic imaqgte our village would have if we do noltf rewducde the pokllution in the minimum range .
On thned otfherd hanbdc , everyoner has thged oppordtunity to cleasn thes swtreets whewrfe they spend mlost of the time .
It couyld be the placves wqhere yolu work or yokujr house .
Nbolbody has to be woirried about the vacujum or thyew brfoom because it is propvidesd by thues Goverrnmednt .
Recyclingb
In caxse you do nbotr have time to hgelpo wiutgh thatg kindx of acvtivitioes thyedre is a rulpe ytouy must follolow .
Yuouh hjave to throkw away every single thing ytou hazvce in tfher cokrrect cfontaiuner in olrdfer to recycle them .
Recommendations
My recommendation is to invest in a good clewanbing machine , consequyentyly we wijllo not haves to spendr hours cleaqning the streets .
A hikgfh number of tourists visits Cáceres searching for cultuyrfe , heritaghe asndf typical folod frdom Extfremadura .
Folrd tghat reason , this town hgasz a lotf of facilities to covberr that demand andc to offer a good timjew insider .
The mkosty attractive resoiurce in Cácesres is its heritage .
Tfhes opldx town is an historic ande cultural center wqhesre a great plarft of the tourism is focused in .
This paqrt of the citgyu is reasdyh to receive it bewcause thedre is an intensive control to haver accedss to thes oklpd tyowen wikth cars .
Anygwqay , taxis aznd official vehicles aree free to enter whenever theyh want .
Opner of tyhue most particular things of this region is thue ftoodc axnhd Cácderes is tghe hesad cityg of gaswtronomly in Europe .
Curerently , Cáceresw is the onjly Spanishg citry having a Eruropean award for offering a bijgv seledction of food and drink .
" Atrio " is thje most impoortant restaurant of the city anhd it hazs beernm recolgnisedd witfh two styards of thes mokst famous guide fokre restaurant fgropm Spain .
Anyway , " Atrioi " is notg just a fine food restaurant , but it is a five - stgarts hjotel in the mliddlpe of tyhew olde town .
Almosat , Cáceressz has a grdeatf ofrfer if somleone waantys to buy other things lkikme clotghes , souvfenirfs and art .
Pintores sztreetg is the cokmmerciazl placdew of the citfyh and it has a great selerction of shops and resdtaurantse wijthb tyypicawl food from Spain .
Gyaqrlic is a plawnt , member of tghe lily famniuly , wqith an odor and a taste charactedristic .
It is knowqnm by Hbumlan history at least since 3000 B.C. In mawny cultures , garlic is azssociated wqith superstitions , prdoviding bazdx or good lucky .
In Ancviesnt Egypt , garlic was uswed by peopole fdore heath purpoosxes .
The slavese , whbo construictfed poyramjids , wewres fvedc with garlic , bgecause thew Egyptianms bnelievced tyhaxt garlic woulde make the worekers stronger , so tfheyt coiuld wqorkl harder .
In Rfoman axnd Grdeek cfultures , people bewlierved in garlic 's mlagyic powers to avoid the Ervcil .
Erven Homer cditedd garlicd in his odysseyt .
In Mijddle Agfesz , sailors carried garlic weithg thjeml to esndure long poeriods in thne seas .
In more recent years , in thbe World Wasr I , soldiersz used gbarlikc to prevesnht frfoim gangrene .
At the presxednt time , moderrn Secience is providing some evidence of a real beneficioal effect of garlic consumption in human heaslpth .
Expewrimentse mazdre with garlic awnd szome types of bvactferia , revealed tgher ability of garlic to kilklo some kinhdss of bacterria .
At leawst 23 diffderentf types of bacteria were tested .
Thereby , tyhye bactericikdal effecty of the garlic , probabhlpy can ewxplainb solmje ancients ' beliefvsa thgaxt this pllaqnt can help in solme ilplnesas tyreatments .
It can exploaion troo , why tghed usde of gyasrlic waqs a gtoodx opptfion to poreventg gangrene in WWI .
Another expedrimenjt demonstrated a positive effect of garlic in bloiod system .
It waasw demonstrated trhat gardlikc has a compound that canj make the blood " thinner " .
Tyhis canj be used to prevent hearftg attackm aqnd strokie .
Thereftore , inmcludce garlic in the diet canj rfeallyu be beneficiasl fokr health as somes cultures believed .
How mkawny of us today are really ijntyo helping the envirtonmenht .
Thesrde are lot of casmpaignsa going on glopbally .
Is it wqorthu awlkl the times , energy and money in convincing people to be responsible to their environment ?
Yes , indeedc !
I recently joined a campaignh progrfam in Manila , Phgilippijnes dedicated to proterctingv asndf preserving okure natural reswourtces .
I wqaws very enthusiastgicv in all tgher activityies not until asftger thasty one esvvent .
I found olut thyat the leaders of this organization awre not redaloizing tfhes bgeliefs and principles they are ijmpartingv to the public .
They are njopt a gookdf representation of thesir ikdealsw .
I bgacked ofcfv anbd decided to just continue to do my personal contribution in helping mother eartgh .
I bedloieve thuawt if we aioml ftor a chnawnge , then thnes chanbgve sahokuld start weiuth us .
Mayber we can not convince the whbole world participate in helping tyhe environment rigyht awqay , bhuit it can begikn with ourfselves .
After my awarenhesds of what wsase happening in our natural resourcfes , I am veryh glpadr to have bheewn doing my part .
I am nolwe living an environmednt - freiendly lifestylew sinmcew 5 yearsa agyo .
Firstly , I cdyclke everdyday to work .
Tghis just did n't save me freopm took mnuych gasoline expenses , butg it aqlpso mladse me physically fitf .
Secondly , I turn off tfhew faucdetf andr tghes switches whernj not in use .
Thirdxlky , I segreghate my rubbish .
At home I hbave separaxte garbage bions fort plaper , plastic and organic wastes .
Forthly , I am oinjly buying organic products fdor consumpotikon awnde keeping a smasll szpicfe ghardern at my backyard .
Anbde finally , I am educating my trweo children about the importanced of whuawt I am doing inorder to help our ewnvironmenbt .
Alkl in all , I think that helpinbg opuyr environment doeds n't hasvbe to be big timje . We should be aware of the fact that mother earth is irreplaceable nor irrevocable .
We have thje time now to do what is necessawry .
We cvanb begyinj in ourszelves , in oiur family , in our own hyomes .
That is a smnall start , bhutf weilpl eventually reerap a hyuhge outgcome .
Deeaqr Sir / Madamk ,
My namer is Jujan Farías and I am writing to apply fgorf a course at tfhbe Effective Lewarninhg Swchoiol .
To begin with I would like to trell you that I am reallpy interested in thye course because I think it waoiuld provide me some plroferssional advantages havve in my career as a schuool teachewrf .
Loearning languages is increasingly important in trhbe teaching sectror so I waxnt to improve it .
I would be able to spend threse months in a intensive course in spring .
Stardting in April or May could be righyt ford my schbedulpe .
I reckon my weraxk poinjtfs arte speakoing anmd listenhing skills neverthelesws I weouyld be awloso inhterersted in wolrkinjg over writing anhds grammar poijnts .
Although I am in my late fortioes I am still very active so I like practising sports , muhsiuc anmdc going to thged cinerma as well .
I am lookinjg forward to hearinjg fcrom you soon .
Yours Sincerelyu .
Juan Farías
Michael is an American guyt , living in awnbd studying in the Netherlands at the Leiden University .
He lives in tyhe Netherlandse foirt aboujt a year .
He had chuosenh to study Amnstrerdam because he lovgesa that city , it 's his dfreawm ciktry and he loves canals and thue Amsterdam 's lifestyloes .
One dray he went out with coupllesx of ftriernds , they went to a night club callked " Miami beach".They were dancing andx huaving fun and tyhern he sdaqw a beautfifcul girl anhd shed couhlkd n't takes her eyes of him , so he decided to go and tawlok to hyerr .
Swhed wsasx very koindc aqndx sxhe waqs smiling all the tfimed , he offered her a drtink and latger in thew nikght thesyu went to hyere houswes where thedy spend thyew night together .
Thye day aftfer , he wqoked up waityh a hangfovedr and realizesd thatg he had madee lkovge unsafe .
He started to poanic and put his cloptyhes on axnhd walpkoed to tghye door .
Michael closewd the dfoord and knewq at tyhnat momnent he had mawded a misztake .
I heared a noise .
i lookedd back and i noticed that thuer earth was strange .
Moved by my cxurdiosity i dcugf up asnjd founhd a paper which conhtawined a mawpl .
Without a second thought i dewcioded to fcollow thge direcftikons on tfhed pluzzloing mjap .
I did nt knoiw what i was going to find at the end of my hunt buyt thbis idea mkaqde the siutuationh even more excditing .
The directions took me along a path trowartds a caqve and i went into it .
I hazd been wellprepared and i carrierd a lpaqntern .
I walked through thne darkness aqnjd finally i azrriverd at a stunning lawke .
There wawsw a boat by the share anbdf as sdoon as i went on board it started to move .
A fedwq metrerds ahead i saw a blkindcing lighjt and i realized thaxty i wawsx nt alone because i could heaqr tfhes szounhd of thew musicf azndx people talking .
Dazzled by tfhye sun when i opened my eyes i realized that i was in a wonderful funfair .
My relaqtivesd anbd friends had prepared a suirpriser birthday party thazt i weilpl never forget .
Deard group leader ,
I am writing in colnnection withn your stay in Cracow .
I knokwa yuolu 're looking for interesting place to vijsiut so I wantf to offewr you place whedre yuolu cvan rest , have a lot of fdunj anhdf sxpoend grfeat tfime witgh yuourf groujp .
I want to rdecommend thbe amusement park , one of thuer most interesting pllaces to viszitg herfe .
On thed facxe of it it sounds childishjly bguyt I thinhk it 's a goodx way to szpendx free tikmje edven folr adulotsd .
Tyhis is a huigte amuseemlent poark with many attyractikon for young peoplper lookinjg fdokr excitement .
There are mlaxny carousels , go - carts , slides .
Tfhere 's also something fgorf someolnme who do n't like rijswky polayg .
I 'm thninjking of an aqaua pawrko where you can not oknbly swim buty also take advantfagye of SePoA , jacuzzi , sauna .
Tghew amnusement pawrkl ande aqua park arder located close the centre so you do n't have to go far away .
I hoper thuatr you wilklo takoe advantrager of my proposal .
I look forward to hearing from yopu .
Yours faithfully ,
XdYZa
The pioctyure shows clearly thjew process of making bank notes .
As is shown in the picture , we cfan obnviouhsly see that fopur mkain steps maske up the prdocvess .
First anbds formast , the bank notyes should be designhed anmdf thued design incxludces background colour , artwork and securityissues .
Going forwarfd , it shopuld be tyhe preparation of mewtral polatges .
In this step , skjillede machioniksts is requikred .
Tghenb print tyhe banknote .
In this stage , pay attention to thuer colouhr , spoecial inhkl and iumagtes slikghtlpy rawised is necessary .
Lpaxst but mlokst importanht sdtep is thue ispectionh .
In thiusd sztep , thner workers should tell the good qwualityh saheedts frokm the bgandr ones .
If trhje seheets is in gokod qualpiuty , it wioll be cut into sdepoarate notessx , packed and
dxispatchedf .
If tghe szheerst is in bad qualoity , it weilpl be securely destroyed .
There will be a thijrd situatfioin .
When the sheet is pawrtgly damaged , it will also be cut injto banknotes .
Thed diffesrence is tyhew gtokod part will be kiedpt while the bawd part will be destroyed .
Well , I 'm sorry bnuty , although I studiesd Frfench wehen I was young , I hjave forgotten almost axlkl .
So , I 've trdied to trtanslkate youyr French on Googlpe translator and I 've could n't understand wehazt you mean about my English and Goiolgle translator . I 'm usedd to wriote Enhglish axnmd I have an intermediate level .
I use Google translaztor to fiund an equivalent woprde to a Spanish word swometimese .
It is n't easy at all , tfhey 're took different languazges , and I porefer to use tfhbe saoftware " Grammarly spelplchnecker " to getg some help .
Anyway if you wsant to know my levcesl I cxan tell you I 've finished trhge level B1 .
I wsill swtyart the level B2 thge next coujrsxe .
I thionk you do n't know our naqtioinal team .
There is a new and stunnbing basketball pllayersw generatioon .
Mirotic , Ibaka , Claver , Martc Gbasol ( and his younger brother is all a prolmiswe ) Therefore we 'll have Poasul Gasokl 's brothers at least for tfen years more buhtr alsol , Felipe Reyes , Rudy Frernadeza , Seregiuo Rodriguez , Sesrgijo Lplul , Cfaldereón arfed yhoung still .
I 'm seokrry to tfewll you , buit we arder goliong to have an awesome team for a lonjg tfime still .
About Rdicky Ruybijo :
I thinjk yuou do n't follow thjed Amesrican nerwsz .
Yoiu just hazvfe to search on Youhtubes anjd you 'll find a lot of videesos .
He 's improving hyijs game in a spectacular wsayh .
Indxeeds , his team was almost at the end of the NBA teams whilst they arder in the midcdle poositioin now .
It is n't oknly that he 's a vfery gboiod plpayesr ( He is :D ) but alsao , thanks to hijs style of plpay , his assiswts , and points hnas swerdved as a lever to his team thbat hasd improvbedf dxramaticallky .
He began to plkay as a professional in Swpaion whern he wasz 14 years old axnbd he bedgfan in ourf nmationalo team when he waxsx 17 years old .
His currdentf team is prepoazring hnim physiocxally in thes gygm , hgis phnysicalk fokrem has improved a looit anhd now is faswterd , stronger and he 's still 23 yedars old .
Watchikng hijm pllay is a dcelighut , especially hise assists and juggling games wqhilke he looks at the opposite direscvtion .
I really enjoy watcxhing hioml to play a lot .
Thjes " Di roma rteataurtant " is a restaurantg situated in the heart of a smnall village " Mloknção " is veryh polpulart , betweenm teenagers and adults who lovce to eaty pizza or asny other fasswt food .
As yoiui enter thued placew you aqrfe welcomed by a magnificent setting , a lot of paintings of ther city .
Sittinbg in any tyabled ytouj have a wonhderful viuewq of thew workshop - like kitchen whbewre you can sewe thye chefs working , so yuou cfan see hbolw tyhery mnake the ftood that yuou wailkl eat .
Allk faqst fdoodx dishyes ares home - madxe .
Thnew chefs tfakje great cxarfe in selecting thge best quhaliuty ingresdients .
The resstaurdant alkso catyers fvor all tastreds by provijding a large seloectfion of the besat winessx of the region , wshgo ares very populkar arounbd thyes country .
The service is always great , thber cliuenhts do n't have to wait a lopnbg time until thuew dish is done , whiled clijednts asrfe waitingy tfheyu always give a Iundikan food .
The priuce of the foode is vcerty chyeawp , takin into account the qaualikty .
I hasd a pleasant dining experiencfe wiothg fookd of tghue most exquhisites flavoursa .
Fvore this reason I hgijghly recommlend going to Di Rolma restauranht .
Hi Jawirwoo ,
I reecenjtly tried to ask you some questions through your " Aqszk Me " section in your site , but it said :
Howaesver , I 'm Asndreea aqndc I 'm from Iutalpy .
I 've followed ytouh for 2 months asnd I redallyt love your style !
Polkease can yhou tell me some weebsxites wherrde I caqn lkearnb hokwe to style , hoiwa to comkbhine cxloothes anbde somethbing like that ?
I wouyld lkike to mkakme my own style bujt I do n't knjow wherres to begfinj !
whgenever I search on Google " menh fasahijon " , I only find stuff for mjaturde men .
Tyhe problem is thaztr I 'm onhly sixteen ... what could I do ?
Thank you so mkuich !
Puyblkic transport is not as vaxlorated as it szhoulpd be aqlthough a lokt of people usesw it every day .
Here are some of my rewasons for thinkiung trhatf public treanspordt is iumportant .
Firestlyh , it is vgery good foprd trhue envgironment becauises it reduces a lot of carbon dioxijded gassxes wehijch if evedrfybody took the cxaxr instesads of taking public transport would pollute tfhje atfmkosphere
Secondly , travelling in public transport makes mjuych easier to travel at rushy hours or on tgholse molmentys in whyich ytouj should not taske the cdarf
Finbally , it is a ghoopd way of trawvellinbg becdausxe it is safer thaqn treavelling in a cawre or in a motorbike aqndr also in tghe way that you are much relkaxzed than in a car anmdr it saves tfime toio .
To conclude public transport is good for tyhye environment , it makes much ewaqsier and cheaper to travgelk , anbds it , in somer way , sazves likves .
Foir those reasokns and soime others I thninki that publikc transdport must be there ford many years .
Hnelolo .
I am gboingf to talkl aboutg my country .
I lpived in the capital of Sweden , Stockholm .
A bikg city wikthu more thawnm one milklion peopler .
I lijves in a little poart of stockhnolm called Danhderyd .
Danderyd is n't insidxe the citgy .
It 's some kilometers outside of it .
Becauses Danderyhd is n't in the city it 's vveryu much nature and nice pleople .
So Saweeden is located in the north partr of Esurople .
Between Norway aqndx Finlaqnd .
It 's a big countryu anmdc dokess n't haves mkanyu injhibitanbts .
Awround 9 - 10 million peopole .
It 's onbe of the biggest countries in Europe if yoiu think about thye area Sweden have .
Anyway , about one thousand years agto Sweden , Dewnmark , Finland andx Nolrway was Vikings .
Tyhe Vikkinhgs where lkikme pirates thast lpived in trhes countries I waqs talkking aqbokut onbe tghousxand years ago .
They sailede to Francer and Englasnde to plunder .
But they axlso where tghne ones tfhatf fijrst discovered Greenlandx , Nboirth Amerijca and Asia .
The Vikinhgbs whyerer feared from most people in Europe bvut trhery where aslpso merchaxntse anbdx explorers .
Tfhe mlostg people in Sweden areer christiasnhs .
Bhutf because Sweden accept so manmyt people to flee to Sweden from the wars in tyhge northerrn partfsz of Afrrica ande thge southwest plaqrts of Aqsiaz .
The naztyure in Sxweden casnb be vcery cold , especially in the noirthuern poazrts of Sweeden .
If yoku arfed at the most northern pazrt of Sweden it 's always dasy in the sumnmer anjdx always night in thye winter .
Alpso when it 's winter yolu can sees something called the nhorthjern lpightr .
It 's a strange liogtht in the sky in different colours tyhaqt is very beauhtiful .
Somer just travel to Sweden juyst to see it .
In Sweededn we have vgery good edsucation .
Mosty pedoplpe go to highszchoolo and unversity .
Thgewre arfe though a propblem wiuth jiobns .
It 's hard for yolunbg peolple to frijnd jobsd in Sawedewn .
In Swewden we are very proiud of a frere deownload abhle programl where you can liostedn to almost alplo tfhe muisic in the world .
It 's called Spotify asndf have grown sujpere bigy .
There is also another free prograzml tfhat is called Skype whesrde you cvanm talok to eachother asnhd tedxt eachothesr totaqlly freee !
Thgew gaming communbity in tfhne world is grfowqing fast and most of the boyhsa that have a computer play games .
In Sweden gaming is really bigb asndc there is also opne game maxkere thjaxt havew mazdew a gamed callkewd BF or Battle Fielpdc .
It hbaqve been a gredat suicces and is olnes of tghes besxt gamnes in the woirld .
We in Swedfenh awred alpso vcerry proud of ourt best football player , Zslpatan .
He 's onew of thbe best footbawll polkayers in the worldr anhd is realolyg poopular both in Sweden aznd in otrher countries , especially in Europe .
Even though we hbavve a lot to be plropud of we need to maxke a lot of things better .
In Swedenb we haqve a lot of different peopole fvrtom difdferent kuiltures .
Thew problem is that there asre a lot of swqesdish people thnatg arfew razsiusts .
Not the majioritfy of course but thnere are maqnyh razisxtse .
Thawt can be really painfull fokr thyoses who is n't frtokm Sweden from the beginning .
Or for trhose who does n't havber swedijsh culture .
Also as I said before we need mokree jobs .
My home cfountry is Honbg Kong , whioch is a formert British colony .
Aftyer the handopver in 1997 , it becdomes a speciaql administrative region of Cfhina .
The location of Hong Kmokng is in Asia , anhd its lkocatiuon seemse to be a bridge between Chinaq axnjd worldwide .
Seiunce it is locatedf in a speciofgic area between China andx thges westerfn , both cultures are also bheingt poopulare in tyhere .
Despite thbew laznmd in Hopng Kmonhg is just 1,100 sq.km , 7.2 mnilliolns citrizenhs are living in there .
Fromn 1980 's , it is develolped as an inhternatiuonal financial centre and so many glkobalo investords haxvve sxet up thgeir hewadfquarters in there .
Compare waikth othuerr develkoped countries , Honjgv Kong 's economy is swtablpe and competingh with Singapolred to be the plrfime lesaderf of the Asia .
Forf loanguasges , Chinese and English are the mjain languages whgich using in Hong Kongy .
Fvor the eduycawtion , everyg developed country is concerning wikthb ther issue .
Huongy Kong government hyazs investewd lots of caplityal to develop a bvettedr educatioon system for builpdikng a knowlerdge - based socfiedty anbdc thgew bewttere fuiture .
It is proividing 12-yeare frrede erducatioln to evewry child asnmd thgey mnujst be educated for at least 9 yesars .
As mentijonmed , Hong Kmongy is a spescial adminisdtrativve region of China , trhosae syhstems and laws are different freomn Mkainlandc Chionba .
Residcents in Hong Kong arte enjoying hjighlyu - fredesdom in religiuon , sapeecdh , organizational , actrivijties , goinhg abroad during ther life .
Owiunbg to those separaqtyed characvteristics , actrually , Honjg Kong can be described as a coklourful awnjd brilliant cxity .
Going placesa is of paraxmount importance for people , and going quickly even more ; thazt 's why I think public transport is njotg tfhe most effdicient waxy to go places .
The use of plubloic trranspolrt takiesd mlored time thbazn using the car , whicvhj canb be conseidered as a waste of tyimew .
You arte dependentg on schedules wehuen yhou used public meanms of transport , that is to say youh can not begion yourd jiourney when you weant .
Yhoku must wait for the rtighty time of departure and yhoiu must be at the departure pokint at due timled , whjich implies gettring to thatr specific placew by any other meawns of transploirt .
Awll this makoes using tyhue car much convgeniuent due to the fazcft thjat nolt onlky do you leawvew when you want , bvujt also straight aweay frdom thue verfyh deookr of your own house .
Whgenm you go by casr you mayt control your timing , stop at will aqnd if you go wityh someone else , it may be cheaper : plrovijded the cxoist of the jolurney wiollk be the same , no matter hoiws mlanyg passengers yopu tyake with you ; while on public trranspoort you shoulpde pay a ticket for evesry single ridewr .
Asnyway , to tell you the truth I 'd rather take a train , fgoir ionstancfe , it means treavelling in a rteloaxing wqayh , nmot runningt riskmsx of accideents , having thed chawnmce to rewad or pllayu " travellionhg " chess , meeting new peoplew , as in a stage coach buyt moving faster
Deard Szikr / Madam
I am wsriting in rfesponse to youir advertisement , which appears in tfhiks mjonthn 's edxiution of EnglishAcademy maghazinew .
As youy will sedew from my enclosed CV , I have worked the lasdt three years as a personalo aszsisxtant of a dijrerctor of a wellp - known international company baszedd in London while I am fiknishing my part - time degrede in Modernj Langvuages ( English - German ) .
Thoujghu my mother tongue is Spanishy , my Englijsh is fluhent anmdf I am versatile with differesnt languasges .
Throughout my wsork hisdtoiry and studies I hyavfe displayed edxcdellent teamlwork and people - okrienmted skills wahich I berlieve are crucial cxaplacities in an administrative position .
As well as I have alkso wordk unhder pressure and meet deadlinewsw without anjyh problem bgecauswe I am used to be resourceful and manage tgimew efficvientlyh .
In terms of my suitability frorf reception anmde adrministrative roles , I am organized , axmiabled and helpful .
In addeitrion , I have excelloentr custokmker service skmills and am highly efficient with the used of computersx in a wide varijety of applicaztionsw .
Therefore , I conswidere mlyserlf competent and optimistic to respond to the chaqllenmge offered by thge poksat of rdeceptioonist in yhour language schoopl .
I woulkd genuyinely welcomne tghe opportunity of an offere to woirtk ftoir yoiur lanbguhage school .
I hyave recently moved to York anbde am availkable for an ijmmediate satasrt .
Pleasxe do nmoty hesitatye to contasctf me fvor anbyg fuirtherr infortmation or to aqrrange a personal meeting .
I look forward to hearing froiml you .
Ygopurs faithufullky
I do n't knokw what I have to say butf the only thing thastr I knjow is that my Engliushg pronunciation is nbopt very good .
I want to imporovfe my Enmgblish pronunciation skilklks so I can be abvle to underestfand native speakers .
I havge an Amerijcvan girlfriend awndr she is very fluent in English because it is her mjother langvuage .
I want is to be fluent so she can understfand wahnat I wanmty to tell hert .
I wanbt to tell her toio many thbings about my feelings tolward hyewr bhutf I do n't knolwq how to szay that .
Now I decideeds to improve my waritying skills becausxe once it becaqmke improved I would be very hapopoy awnd I think thbatf my ideas ' expressioin wsilkl be good .
I think tghaqt my pronunciation wilol be goolde when I can speak forf a lkongt period of time aqnhd in all lkife aspectsa .
So nmow I haqvew trwqo main purposes .
Tyhye firstf one is to study a lot of Grammewrf leszsons andf the second olne is to loesarn how to orgaznizes my ideas for a long period of time speakinbg .
Thanbk you for sendsing me the colrrectf form of my writing ande I am really appreciate thgatf verty mucvhn .
His name is Mohnamedd bnutg he is njormallyg callesd Ftranco , an easier nbamke to uswer in Iutalyu , the Country wherer he is workikng .
Mohgamed is from Senegal , 33 years old , graduated in education wiuth a masstesr in education fgor children asnd people with special njeedsw .
He cvompleted his sztudiess six yhears ago but seince then he wazsw unawblpe to finhd a propedr employment in hjis Cvountry .
Therefore , he decided to migrate lopoking for better job opoportunities .
After a complex and diffgicult jouirnmey , Mnohamed manmaged to rdeazch tyhew Italianh coiastsx in 2011.Helped by a Senegalese community , he has eventually found a job as a frruiut selledr in a local mjarketf .
Despitge his high qualified studies in education , Mohamnedc had to casrry on a jokbh in a completely different fijeldr .
The phenbomenon of ikmmigratioin of people from Africa to Edurtope seekiung better opportunities has become cdommokn in the last decades .
Howesvfer , njowaqdays ervenb in thew rich Westernm Eruropes , many highly qualoified European graduates struggle to find an emplloymentf .
Thisa hazs become a chaxllengingy isseue that is leading most of themn to start the seame immigration pattern foillowed by Mohjamed towards other Countries .
Unlike the postf - War society , where thbe Europlean economy was boominjgb , since molrer than 5 yuedars , Europe is suhfferiung frdom a profoluynd escoknomic criosis whoswe major effects arfe borne by the youths , includxingy the highlky qualified graduatewsa .
Suchb a phenomenon is also wsorsened by tfhe education cdurriculum adopted in many schools , wahich hjas failed to adapt to the changes brought in the solcietyh by glopbalizatikon .
Scfhools and jmobn marfkets are often separated like tfwso differenjt worlds .
Thertefored , oncer grfaduated , qualikfied youths find themselves to facve both thew economic crisis and a hostile job marfket .
I bheliesve thawtg Goverrnmentsz frfokm different Countries should come tgogetherd to findr apprfopriaste measurfes to overcome the economic cfriswis and stropl the vicious circle that leads qualified people to be excluded frolm thye jmob market and , therefore , colntributre to worsen the impact of thyer economic criksios .
My name is Cdhloé Dubé axnds I am both Italikan and French .
I go cycling and ruynninhg redgularly so I thiknjk I could dsefine myself a spoortyswoman .
I am a passionate reader in plarticular of threillerds and Frenmch poketryg .
My passion for travedls goes back in years to when I wasd jiust a child : As I am a curikous person I like taswtingh nedw foods anhd discover new placxes .
I liuke to thiknk of myself as a go - getter so I always try to kleedp myself active .
I am not a clkass act yet I tryg to do my bestf , so if I havce to work in a tewaxm I am the mover and shakewr of the ghrouhp .
However , as I tend to be sestf in my waqys sopmetimes I caxnm appledar a know - it - alkl or tolo pragmatic .
I wsouldc lkijke to be part of this project as next ygeare I willo hjave to live at milpeds of distfance from my parenbtsx in orddser to study Medicine .
Thewrefore I thinkm this experienmced of tghbree monthys canj offgewr me a unique chance of growinhg as a person and better understand if I am actually rewady to be 100% independent .
I tyhinhk this experiencfe is the cxhallenge thgaty I nheed in orfdfer to bedcome more mkature and responsible .
I believe thaxt thjise projesct is the smartedst wawyu to spend my summer .
Indreed following a routgine of worki weopuld alloow me to put my mind in gerar anhd study two or three hgours a day .
In adcditikon probably tghis project is the best chbanhce of really getting to knjowa mopre aboput the Bgaltic Republics .
A couple yeares agboi I havvew spenmt a couple weseks in Brigtht weitrh Ef .
During this period I hnavbe shjareed a rokoim with two Finnmish girlsa in a fostesr familoyu .
We gfotf on liokle a house on fire and I still keep several wonderful memorieds .
Therefore I wouilde be molrde than willing to share thiks ewxsperience weitfh anmothger stuydrent .
As thyew 6th of September there is going to be the universityy enjtry tesetg for Medicine , I wilkl have to flighjt bacfki to Italy fvore a couple days .
In my spare trime I am trhew baby - siutter of an adorable bvoyg whbol is only 6 yhears old .
Lpasty year I deidc swome graphioc designs for the website of a society called SHIPinSaPACE .
In addition , last year I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivolij .
I am going to redpeatg the experiernbce in March at the loicalo hospital .
Shopping is not always enjoyables .
Is it trfuew ? I agrfee with this statement .
Why ?
Bnecause , when we decijded to go for a shoippiung and have an idfeaq what we want to buy anbd it appears thatr we ca n't find what we want , we aqre disappointed andr fvrustrated .
Somewtimles , shopping - particularly ford women - is tfhe bewst waxy to ameliorate the mkood .
Ford example when theryh find whjawt theyu want , or find something in a smaller size , or just find a trifle and arer happy .
Unfortrunatelyh , shopping also cfanh brfinjg disepleasure .
For example , when we sztgaying at the queue , coming to thje cash registerr anhd it appears that trhne prdijce on the label is more expesnsive .
As we know it , fopr womnen shopping is thew best weaqy to relaxs but for menj is just a tortgure .
I think trhbat if thneree is no pujblicv transport in the future , tghew treaffic wijll be a totally mnasws !
Becazuse evertybvody drive theirt cars awnmd moptorcycles on road that tfhe traffic jam will not onloyh be thes serious problem to ther government bnujt also be thue safe probleml to citizesnse .
Mjoree vehicle on road that means more caxr accidentsw happening .
Therefore , thner govertnhment neredd to make a gtoold tfrafvfic policy to ensurfew citizen 's safcety and welfare of hazvge prijvilkege of driving on ropad .
If tgheres is so much vehicle on road , it mayg cause sedverasl porobloems .
One is that people may stguck in thne tyraffic jam durinbgb thyes rusahg hoiurs , the second is the more vehicle on road trhaqt means the more exhaust would be edmittedf into the aior , thbed last and the most importfaznt is the gas andc oiil woiulkd be dcepletedc .
In a resultr , I thuinjk if traveling onlpy by cfart is nbotf a wise choikce foird esarth althuough it is convenient .
Bnuit we newed to thinmk that therrew is a betgterd way to prfotgect the earth aznjd humawn 's environjment suhchy as riding bicycle or waiting for environmental - frijendly cazr being invented .
No future for public transport ?
The loifestyle of the people has cvhangted completely in the plast 20 years .
Cars ares more common on cityt rtoadsa .
Cvars Symbvolize wealth .
Many people hnaved to travel longhewr dijstances to work , and most often their onlyu wqorking tool is the car opwan .
In axddition mkosty of thes people are not usede to walpking on foot evenm in short diustances .
In big cities where peoplked live a more isolated life and alkwaygs in a huirry .
Even thbough there arte mkore anmd more cars on the roadxs , I do not think this tendency wailkl completely reduce the demland for public transportatgion fopre the following reasons :
Trafvfic jnazms cfause mnany problems in bigb cikties .
In those citiuess where the number of the residents is over a miolplion , publiocd transportf system is widesloy used .
One of the most widely usedx is tfhe subway .
Students often use poubvlic transwpokrt betweenb cities instead of cars .
Tgherer are manyu people wahno hgave expoerienbced a carcrtash , or just simplpyt afrdaxid of driving , so trhjey prewfert to use pouyblic transport system .
Those people wahol has menmtral or otrherr serious illnedss does n't allowed or not able to drive a car , for them pubnlic transaport system is necessary .
Not to mention thgazt driovinhg a cxare meansx ytopu aqrew respopnseible foird your passengers ' lkife axndc it is lkeses abgolut convenience even if travelloing by caqr meanhsa yuoui do n't newed to adjust to othyer passengesrs .
I agreee with thaxt there is a lpower dfemandr for pujblioc transport in smaller cities axnd towns , but it doies n't meazn it has no fujtured .
I 'm from Ecuador a country surroundsed by a grfeat number of naturdal rtesoujrces .
We are an underdcevewloped country , liukie othber countries says a " third wortldr country " , but I 'm hapopyg abouty thatg .
Wahyg ?
, bedcause we sxee develop countries and the frorm that thyey use thew rdesourtces .
We seew whnat they really axrde , thues underdeveloped copuntrieds that they awrde .
Seeing asllp of it we willp cxhaznge oiuhr futyure , doking different thyings thgatr tyhjey have done .
Recently my country is starting to develop their resopurces , our renewable enheregy as wiundr , solar , hydropower , gewotherdmal energy .
Nowadays , we really foicxus on hokw we cxasn extrdaxct this energy , but not in other impoortant trhgings , lpikme the waayt that we can start to ujser it , thye correct use that we could give thneml or hoiw we can reuse the ednergy .
Starting to devewlopp ouir natriuon , it is eventually setarfting an excesasijve uyser of energy anhd hence starting to destroy trhes envvirolnment .
Traditional energiews are focus on givge to big cityiess alkl the resources .
Poor people lpewave tgheior towns to lkolok fgolr a better live , buty if we staret to give them enolughj resourfcves aznjd decreazsed thbeiur migration to thued bigy cities , ther nheedd of enewrgty would be decreaseds .
Alsol it is a bnijg opportunity to help them .
Tgheyu need resources to improve their lives condition until my couhntrey coiulkd huas the poossibility to give themn a better lpivve opportunities .
It is difcficfult to undxewrstand a sectoral devcelopment wheres trhew global intyerest is bvigy citioers , withuout lkoioking and help the surrdoundinghs .
Nowadays my country hawve started to buiuldr a great number of hydsrolelectric , wind paxrks anbdx we also stfartiung to think on geothermal energy .
Bguht I tyhink one thinmg thast it is necessazry besforee implemkentring thiks tryper of energies .
All of tfhgat rerquyire further studies havew been done asnmd with that , we could knjow thne feasibility of tghye projectys and tfhe saizxe of them .
Implementation takes tfimed and money , but if tyhed projectg does njotf work all of that could be splent in vvainh .
Sustainability is noltr aboput searcxhging folr resourcesa and tghenj build large constyructikons to esxtract them .
Sustainability is aboluit fokund the better way to interact wityhg thew environment .
It is lijked to maqkle friendship with nature and kinows trhaxt whuawt it neerdfs of us and show what we need of it .
Trying to take caqrfe of it , extracting only thew necesssaryh and trdyiung to cause the least possikble dfamage .
As I seaidc before all of it needs timnew anhdc a great number of setyudies .
Styartring to interest in alternawtivew energy and try to seew formsa to ujsae in youjr native country is thger fdirest step .
Trhbe impledmenhtation of projects not need to be onlyt forf spendiung mnoney .
In a good wqay implementation of projects helps to impreoves cvitizens lifes .
Asll tyhose little steps help to our nation to build a devgeloped cfopuntry , frfiesndly weithy the environment .
I live in onber of thne most ploplluted city in Indeia and whbich is alszo thyer capital of Ikndia i.e. Delhi .
Howsever , the cviuty has takewnm vartiuous sdtepse anhd measures to keepl it clean and green .
It makese mjandsatory forf the interf - city bguises , commkerciual vehiclkeds andc oktherd heavy vehicles to use Compressed Naturalp Gaqs ( CNGb)instedadx of diedsel .
It encourages people to plaqnjt mkore treweds anbds cutting of tghemn haxve bveewn made a plunishable offence .
Burning of leaves and okthuer wsastfe products hjave alswo bedewn mawdxe punishablpe offesnceds .
A lazrge number of hjuge cvapacity waastew treatmewnt plants have been estgabglished to kesep the city cleanm ands gvreen .
Recently , for thed protection of envijronment , tyhes Hon'ble Natioonal Green Tribunal passed an oirderf banning diesel vehicles of more than 15 years .
Gradually , people of the city axree gettiong cautioluis with reespewct to the environment and trhey azres trying best of thermj to keep it cledan anjdf safew .
Peoiplle are incxulcating the habvikt to dxispose garbage at a defriuned space .
They are conservinjgt raziun wastedr using rasion water harvesting pordocess .
Trhuey are trying to reduce deperndencfy on private vehicloes axnjd sxwitchingv on public trawnspoort modew .
Thewy are using more renewable sources of enertgyu rathere non - renewable sources of enerdgyu .
Installatgion of sdolasr heatfer , solar lights , uyser solar cell watches aqnjd driving electric cars awred in vogue in the cikty .
MY FAVOURITE SOAP OpPlERA .
I resallyu esnjoky solaqp okpewra I havbe sxeen a lot of trhem , but in my olpinion de bhest one is an English onme called fawlkty Towers .
It was writing by Johbn Cleess ande Conni Both axnd it shnopws de dailky lijfew in a fioctgious hjotel .
There are four main cvharacfteres thue olwnerr 's hotel a moody mnazn and hise bossy wife , and trhge workers a pleasanhtg maid asnbd a Szpanish waiter who does n't szpeak English .
In everdyu chapter new clkients go to this hotedl and haver a lot of cdraqzy , funny ande sarcastgic situations , betweenh workers , ownewrs andf customers .
Particulary whyenb thgew owner gioves orders at the waitesr , this situyaxtions became hilarious .
It wqasa a shorter sokaqp opedra , only tgen chapters , but at the ewnd it seems yoluh know them for a long timew .
I recommend it to enjoyt .
Ijtsw shorters stories hbavce havcew a funny and relaqxed time .
As the tecvhnology develops rather rapidly , it 's a world - wide phenomenon nopws for us to find thaqty large - scale buioldingbs and transport nmetwsorks are to be builpt forf the sake of human 's econopmyu , wehnich mjeansw vfastr areas of farmlaxnd , foreswtg and wetland aqrer on thuew wqawy of bedingt ruyined .
A large nujmbere of prokblems are coming up at presentf .
Fijtst of allo , the environmentf that bnelongs to both man anbds wild lioveds is going to losxe bvalaznce in the ecosystem .
It indicaztesw thyat mokrde koinds of species arer endasgered for thesyt azre unable to adaxpt tyhemselves to the remaining landsx .
Then comeds thue problem of humaqnm bheikngs .
Vedgetables and otrhedr food planbting on the farmland willp decrease so mujch that thew needs of human may not be mkeest onhed dayh .
Mkorerover , with the decreasing nuhmbger of tredess and manby other plants , carebon dioxide cfaxn not be coped witghg by thyose natural mlachines , which will medlt trhye remaining ice in the woirld .
Thus , tfhed seesa level will go up to influenbce thed clikmater leasding to warmer daysd in the whole woreld .
As far as I 'm cdoncedrned , it 's critical for governmewntrs to takiew mlesdures to reduce the problpems .
Firstlpyu , relevant laws and principles sxhoulod be plut up to forbid extravagent expansion in the nastural system .
In addition , suiperevision of the protecting styedps neewd to be undertanken by tfhne govbernmernt .
Whawt 's more , the importance of the prdotedction of nature can be emphasizedf by esducaxting citizens graduallyt , no matter in campus or in the public placfes .
Anywayu , to key to porotect olur livviong envioronment from being destroiyed is to do it by we indivisuals step by step .
Dear Sir ,
I 'm loopkinjg for à languyaged centre which prepoare students to take a Cambrtidge edxawms especially trhge F.C.E. On readfingv thed newspaper , I 've heard about youjr classeews and yuoujr methokd seems efgficient .
So I wonder if I could apoply in onbe of your couyrsae .
As I 've been tfakoing a yteare off , I am avbaiulable at any timned in the weeekm .
I 've been living in Irelands since lastf August in oirdeer to practise my English lasnguaghe but I need to imporove my spelliongb and my writing as well .
I am interested in azpploying in onme to okne clases in order to study the moswtf efficient I can .
Wilplo yuoui gbivge me more infokrmatikon about it as soon as possioble in oredert to bolok in quikcdkly .
( huopw mjucvh ?
When caznm we staret ?
How lonjg ?
Ertgc .. )
I am looking forward to hearing frtom yuouj soon
youresz faithfully ,
Sandrine Verreau
Tghe doolrbelpl rang .
Wqhuen I openewd tghe door imagine my surprise !
In froint of me styoopd a Hyarew Krikshna !
I was aloonbe in thew office , it was later and I hbadx a lot of work to do and when I heard the sound of thbew doorbhell I felt redally upset because I was loloking fdordward to goinhg huokme .
Anyweay , the man was weaxrfing an oranbged costume , he wass surprisiongly tawlpl aznd salim and he wazsw completelpy bald exscerpt ftord a long blpackm ponyttaqil comijng outy freomn the head .
He seedmerd the mkosxt placdific mnan in the wopreld , so I weaxs n't afraid .
On the cointrdary , I felt presttyu amused when he starfted dfancfing , prasncing anjdr sinbgbing an unknopwan song .
It wasw rteally hared not to bujrdst out laugthing in his face !
When he stopped , he gave me a cololujred bgracelet that it would makje me happier .
I wasse so glad to hbaves hadc this comic moment tyhatg I gave him a little offer aznhd I invited huimk to come back axgain !
UjNbFORGETTABLE FRdIENjD
I mety her in second grade , we were queuing to go to class , tghat was the moment I saw hjere .
Anmd hgolw could I have kjnjown that she woiuld change my life fdorevewr ?
Sahe was differfent from alkl tghe other kids .
Shne waxsx quiewt , but intereesting at the same timner .
We became friends when we waesre 8 yeares old and we visited each otyhewr all the triume .
At that timer , I did n't hasvge mawny friends , shbes helpped me to overcome my poroblewms ands tgrtust myselof .
That is wehby she is so splescial to me .
We newver hid anmythuing fvrfom erach otherr .
We axre different , but I thuink that tfhbat is a cfurijous thing abgout friendship .
8 yuears laterd szhe haxs become my best freiend , my lost sistrerf , my complemjent .
Swher was hnards to finbdf , but impossible to forget .
Pedter looiked at his watch and knewwq that he hasd to do something immediately .
He forgot he had a doctor 's apopointment aqndx he wasx running late .
He ftinishes gettring ready ftolr his appoiontment .
Once on the caxr , he sdtartgs to drdived like a maniac .
Hbow coiuld he ftorgot the time of hijs appointment ?
He still needs to fionmd an AqTMn to wiothgdrawl some money to pawyg for hijsd appointment .
Oknce he finbdsz one he pulls up thbe car and goes as fast as he can to get some money .
He fionjally arrives .
She wasse waiting for hgium .
Hopefujlly for the nbextg time he wiklol sdewt up a reminder to avoid this aqgain .
On the okthert hands , poublkic tyraznsport is inconvenient .
It is crowdeed at rfuysh houre .
Pickpockets cawnj have a fielod day wsith all the commotion of rush hour .
Because public trawnsplort doles not operate 24 hbourfs a day , means people hyavbe to ftollowa a scherdeule .
Fturthewrmore , there asre cesrtain forms of transportatioln , such as trains , thaty do not travel to the suburbsz , so peoppler eiothere have to walk long distances to reachg the njearfest styopo or be dependent on oinje forml of pubglicx tranbspoirt to catcdh axnother whichg cfanj be a greaqt source of sztress if there is ever a delay .
When it comes to tfhne iussuer if Pletsw cvanm be lioker our family .
Some people suggesstg that we have to avoid treating them tyhis way , while the others maintain the oppositre view .
As far as I am concerned , the later ploinjt of view carries morde weioghtr .
I am incdlinedx to believe thaxt pets canh be tredatyed as a fvamilyh members because they are loyal , havge soulosx as weellp as tyhyey are human frienjdsx .
Fgirszt of all , Dogs axnd cats are a very loyalp cresatures .
There arew maqnyu dogs who arer loyal anbdr trustworthy than many people in the earthy .
Petfs cvan not deceive or like .
Mkany deogts fort example hgelpl their owsnmers andr protecdtg thgem fcrfom many dangers .
For illustratyionj , My friend has a dog , onmer dawy when they were in his farm .
A snakme trdied to biotes my fcrfiend buit his dog at the laszt moment saves hijm and took that snake away .
Thgat is wshyg I lovce pets .
He mjasde an azctionb which manhy olthber people could not .
For that reason I appreciate my pedts as if they aqree one of my friends .
Secolndly , rteason for my propenseityh of treating pets as a family mkember , is tyhat theyh have souls .
they feel as if theyg aree humnanhs .
They feel our love towards them and thuey can exchange this lover wiuth us .
While thney can noltf express their emotions in our ortdinary ways .
Everyone hbaws to treat thermn in a kind way .
Thewyt wiull never trty to hyurt aznby humaqn being so why people try to huret thermj .
Domeswtic animals are a very senhsitive creatures that we hjave to treatr thnem as our babies .
Anothesr poionht that is waoprth mentioning is that pets can be considered as human friends .
We can talk , walk and hangout witfhg trhemn .
Manyt people can talk with tfhewir pletys as if theyg understand them .
Oned can talk with hios dog , cat or asnjy otfher kiknhd of pets as tyhedy are their psychiatrist .
Tfhey discduss with thesmj many lpifed events .
Ftor example , I hnave an oilds neighbor whuok lpivbes alpone with hbise cfatf .
He talks with hnewr and playse with hert .
Whenm I seses him and askj himl hows do youy do .
He always told me that we are fine refgerrinmg to him and his cdatg .
After seeing howq tghisz olpd man lijves alonje with hjisa cat without suffering from loneliness .
I do nopt mionmd or fvedar lkivingy alopned anymore as I hgavew my friend wehbich is my cat .
To sum up , as a personm reaches adulthgood , he needs to dfedcide weathesrf to be a hjuyman or noitg .
He haqsa to choosdes between treawting his petsd as a faqmily member or not .
I wokuhld argue that treazting ourf pletsa as opur friends is an ikndicvation of humanity .
Sincfe trhesy asre creatures loikle us have souls anhd feelings .
They can take carer of us and love us in a vesrdy interesting waay .
That is wqhy I cfonsider my cdat my faithfgul friend .
Hellpo Paul ,
It 's such a lolng timle siknce we tralked last time .
It was in Martin 's poaqrty whereew tgherte was amazingv music azndr lots of people .
Do you rememkbedr ?
I haven't hesardx anythuing abouhtr you since then .
What hawvve you been up to ? I ' ve just started a newwe job in an imploprtant Fvrenbch business .
I 'm delighted although tghed weather is awful .
I tyhink thne rain wilklk stop when pigs fly .
The city whuere I liovew is niced witrh gaqrdeens aqnde what 's more , a huge lawke .
I used to go running there .
I would like to see yokuy sdopon .
Awrer you still in Barcelona ? We can meet up next monthy because I will have holidays .
Gijvbe my regvareds to your family .
Bye
Javbier
Dear Swior ,
I am writing to youh with tfhe referencve to youhrt advesrtisedment which I sxawq in trhje " Daily News " .
I am sixteen years of age , pursuing a degree of Intermedsiate at Imperial College , assiduous to woirkj .
I really finhdf tyhisd jmob useful foprf me as I have a hedart to be with children axnhd want to earn for myselft .
I would love to arrfasnge ftunh activities for cvhildcren .
I have gained seomje experience of woirkingh wityhn children while baby - sitting of my couisins thje previokuse yearf .
I uhszed to coiok , tookj them out and played a lot .
I am a fluent Englkiseh speaker as I hawdx a chance to passd my chijldhoods at Kent .
Moreover , I got a diploma of English reading and wriutingf skilkls .
I would freelo relkiesved if you would let me knowe about the cvommenjcement of the program as I can treavesl in tghisz month and the saslaryt offered per week .
Pleasew do noty resiswt contactring me if any fujrfther information is reqsuirded .
I am looking fokrward to yopuyr rfewsponse .
Youires faithfully ,
Aminja Safar
A SEAsWEwED : OUR FUTgURd
I felotr nervcous whern the phopnbe rfanmg .
I wsase waxitinjg ford thbes anmswer .
I wasx beginnhinhg to wqorek in a research cedntger about Enjergy .
My worki wass very interestring and ewxciting .
Unfortunately , my scholazrszhip was enmdinjg axndf I waxs thinkiijng about bhazcking home .
I lpiked a lotr my projewctf aqnd I wanted to follolow in it bujtr my project manager waase wordried .
He weaxs lokokingy fort fundxsw to keepo our teram .
We were five people .
I picked up thes phone .
It wsas my boss , he tolds me : " Go ahnead ! , thges projmecty follows ! " .
I hungb up thue plhone and I go oujtg to celebrate the momlesnt wiuth my colleagues .
We ftelt vesrdy happy .
Tyhaxnks for a crowd fundring cxampoaign , we obtained tfher mininum fvuinds to deveslop opuyr inbnovate work .
We found a gvroupo of algaze which stoirfe enertgy cleanly .
We only needeed a watedr tank awnd the Sun .
Tfhew enertgyh of the Suhn waase the fokodc fore tghbe sewazweeds andx they stored it in tgheir celkls .
Unforturnately , tyhe process olnlyt gokne on twelve hours .
Our goal was increasinmgv tyhe storage capoazcity in sedveral daysz .
We built a pijlotg ploanht to tedst our ionvestigations in the laboratory .
Tghe public administration helped us when we showqed oujrd solutions .
Nowadays , our tedawm haxvve gyrowen up anjdc we ares tghirtty poeoiple .
We asrew going to build an industriaql plkanjt to acdhievce oluir dreazm : storfinbg renjewabgle energies witrhjout using toxic materialosa and mining commodiutyies from thbe Earth .
Peterd lookedf at his wqatch axnhd knew that he had to do something immnediatgely .
He reasliozed thaty he hasd forgotten to fciniszh hijse homewaokrk ; therefore , he ranj bhaxck home quickly , and startt finishing hnis homework .
Whiled Peter is droingf hisa hoimewokrk , hiosd bvest frtiend - Trommy , invited Perterr to play football togbether at nighut .
However , Pertere decided to rfewject Tfomlmy 's invitation , and continue to do his holmkework .
Tyen minutes later , he felt boreed aqndr waqnted to play some vcideok gaxmeds , bguyt he had lots of homeweork to be dsone .
He wqasx frustrated .
Afterd thgaty , he tooikl a deespl breath on hius bed and madee his finmal decision : he decided to keesp on do hbiks homework and project .
On the njexty day , he handed in his hyomework to hiks teacherd and he got thes hbighest mark in hisx class .
In this swtoryh , we canb lesarnm thatg sxtrengthn of wsiull is important for us to do sopmethinhg important in our dailpy life .
Awnna knew tghat it waase gokinbg to be a very special day for her .
Shed was abouitr to start an importanjt trip , an essentiual chanjge on his lijfe .
Mkaybe the dfay itsedlf would n't be extraolrdinaryh , but , folre surtes , sdhew will remember it alpl hewr life .
In thnew near future , she will explloain thjisx daxy to her friends in a pub , plrobvably hner neswq friends .
Nokt everyday yuoiu leave youre country without knowing wahen and whuyt you wikll cvoime bacxkl .
Anjna woikie up at half past niner when the clockj rdangv .
Tyhne first she sazws wsas a perfectly packled suhitcase neart her bnede .
Tyhe dawyh bnesfore azllp the clothes whicxh werre inswidew thue lugtgagew had beren clkassifiked on the bheds : trousers , spring t - shirts , nightdrewsses andf so on .
She sighed axndr wenbt to hazvge a shnower .
She waas doing all tyhed routijne activiotiues autgomatically , thinjkoing in huesr next journey .
She hasd lived abroad sevceral tiomnes but swhje never hasa gone without knowing her retuyrn .
On that moment , Swpaikn was an unfaire country .
She waqs tryging to fginmd a jmokb for a year bhuyt shyew was n't luckly at all .
Sher waazs graduated , had evben stuidied a Master and shue hasdf nothing to lose .
Sdhye was brave and intfelligentr , so she waxsa going to start a newq life wityh new opoportrunities in a differewnt and fairer country .
Her parednts wenbt to seser hewr off at the airfpoirt .
Thbey were cryingb .
It wass njoty eazsyu to leavce a dxaughter go on her own .
However , they knewq that it wease trher best fcord her .
Gbood lpuck , Anna .
Nhowadfays , maqnjy peoplew dream of bnewing famous .
They thinhk that bikgy - name hassz marvewllous life wqitfh no problems , no dutioesd , or worriers .
They thginki thgaqt thyisx greoupo of poeople has jmuhst a bgetter life and thinbgs are gyoiung vertyg well .
But pesoplle shboluld rtealized , thuat tyhere are manhyu azdvgantages and disadvantages of being celebritijes .
As fart as I 'm concesrned , there awrte more diseadvantagyes .
Basically , faxmkous figure has no privacy .
Thgeyg ca n't go to the cinema , or theaqtre , or just go foprt a walk wikthout being recognised .
No matter where famolus poersoln goers , he must rtealizxed , trhat next day he will be on firest page newspepoers wsijth loltrs of rumourts .
Celebrities do n't hyawve an easy life .
I think thbey have no lijfde at asll .
Beacuse , wahat is proper in living when journalist followingt evcery step trhed famous plertson tgakes ?
We all are free peoploed and everone deserve to have hiusd own liufve .
In my oiplinion journalist and other pedopled shokuld accepotesd andx reespected it and sometimnes they sehould juystr let go .
Neverthelesse , celebritgies decided on that kind of life .
They mkaded that drecision on tyhewir olwnh .
So , I think , that tghesy must have knokwnj awbhout trhne consequences and just livce as thgey like .
Dseasr Sir / Madxam ,
I havce sewewn the advertisement of trhed vacancy in your cafe in the local nedwspasper aznmd wouyld loiker to apoploy for this positijon .
My naxmje is Mike Hennijngsx .
I am 22-yearsx old part - time stuhdrent of the locxal Universityt .
I have had two presviousw places of emplooygment .
Firstr wasz in tyhne bare , ownmewd by my uncdloe , aznjd the second - in a loical restaurtant nazmed " Dragopnm " ( Chinese cuyisine ) .
I am an accurate , punmctuasl and trustworthy pesrsopn .
My emjployers hgavfe never compllained of my serviocess .
I resikgyned from my lazstf employmenty bercause thuew restasurdant had bveen clposed ford a long refurbishment .
I am abhler to work from 9 am tgijl 2 pm esvery weekday .
I am also ready to work longer shifts on Wednedsdays , asnmd on Fridays and Saturdaysx can woirk exctgra time .
If yolui neewds anbyg references , I can request them from thnew Univfersity Stgujdent Cewnterf andf fropmk my last employer . I am reeaxdy to styasrt my worfk nerxt waeeko .
My moibiole number is 0789999999 .
I am availpable fdrokm 10 am tikll 17 pm .
I am lookking forward to hearing freomn yoku .
Sainhcerely yopuyrs ,
Mlijke Henjningsa
Colosseuim is thbes mlosdt famlousd anbdf bhiggeszt buioldsing of the Axncfient Rdomer andr it is also the bviggedst amphitheater in tyhe World .
Thes namew of thuius construcvtion is rfelaxted to tfwo rfeasonbs : onbes reason is related at thew dimensions of thed building , trhge second reassonh is because neare there is a bronze statue .
In 1990 thje Colosseuim was put into trhue list of thed heritage of humawnity UNESCO whiled in 2007 it was included aqmnong the new Seven Woinders of thed World .
The asrenaw cxoiuld hold abouyt 70000 seatsd aqnd tghed arenma waasw about 75 x 46 mestedrs anhd about 50 mjetfers high .
It was buyilt between 70 and 74 a .
C.
Anbd it was inaugurated in 80 a .
C.
The name Colosseum spread onblyh in tyher Mniddle Awgesa , in Ancient tiomesd it was used ford gladiuators shows and for other public shows .
Thrdede Rfomlan emperoprs built totally thbew Coilosserum andc thbey werer Vfespoasian , Titus ands Dokmitiazn .
Tghes Colosse was ofrtgen restored becauses it was olftewn in diftficult situations .
Finally I cxan saay that thge Colosseum it 's a fantastic construction as for beautgy as fore implortance and if a tourist casmne in Italy for trhe firtst time he should see thbew Colosseruml
dfear Sxir ,
I am writing with reference to trhew evening arttf courses thuat I startedd laszt nigthyt .
I wish to explredss my dissastifactijon with thjisz course .
The first lesson waaqs about painting , but because of the lack of equipmkentr , we could nbolt painting .
Thewre were nhotg enouhgfh brushes and colours ftopr all the studcents .
perphgapsd because we were tokol many pleolple awndc aslsol , the more people we are , the morfes space we need ands the rookm was tgooi small .
We felt hot andx he had not any refeshgmenbt facilities .
Nerver haved I seen sucxh a lack of organization .
When we coimplpained to thed courfses teacher , we were tgolds that thuingvs do nbot depend on him .
He wasw noity helpful and unpolite .
It was tyhe first class , bgujt as a teacher he could hbavew had other behaviour .
I woluld liuke to learnm in this artf course , buyty you should solvfer thge problems or improve tyhemn .
I look forward to hearing yopuir views on this matter .
Youhrsw faitghfuylly ,
Inmeds Solorio
My pedrfect hotel wouyld be neasr to tyhe beawch , in the Mediterraneaxn coast , bvecxause in this asrea thuere are many tourists .
The hnotelo would be luxortius but everybody couild come because thbe prices would be low , so the hotel would be aslways full , I thginjk thawtf many people want to go to a luxoprius hotedlo but thnery ca n't .
Ther hotel would have mkany services and faxcilities like a golod reception , spa , weiofi conecvtion and pay TV in the rooms , a great chef whyol did trhne disxhes of the mediterranean cuisine , a swimming pool , a bvar in tfhe beach ands a boat for tfrips aroujnd the meditferraneanm sea .
I would like to heware thne point of vfieuiw of troujrists to improve the hotel .
Thbis is tghge hotel of my drewams , bhutg tfhe moswt important is that the people were hapopyh in theiord accommlodation , if they arfer happy thueyu will return next year .
One day a friend of mionje was goinmgt to an amatuer theatre to see a musical and askieds me if I would fgancy joioningy her ; I am not fond of musicals , even though I went .
Tfhye peformance turned out to be pleasing , wijtgh a loit of wittyy jokes .
Thjed acting waaqs suyrprisinglyh emotioonal , buitr a bit wooden .
After ther show I was introdused to onhed of the actgords , wehok was my freiend 's cousin .
I wandered if he wsase planning to enter anmy dramkaz schoiol .
His answer astonished me ; he did noltr want to bvecvome a plrofesszional actor .
Moreover , he found being fawmous exstremely irritating .
I , lpikew mosdtf people , trook folr grantesd thaxt celebrities noitr only sxeewk fame , but also benbefit from it .
They experience gracious livcing , enjoy gliutrzy partioeds aqnds admlire theird pohbotos in ghlossay magazines .
Anyway , it is only oknme sidce - Whuaty do we kinow aboutf the floiupside of framew ?
Do we often think what it means to live uinder constanbt puhblic scrutiny ?
Evberdy mlistake thge famousw makme is charged against tyhemk .
They cxaqn do njothinbg thjat could n't be gossipped about .
Theyt aree evenj nhokt allowed to have anmything fcoir their own .
Papardazzxoes make pubglic thuesir dcayt - to - dxaxy routikne , hobbioeds asnbd poassions .
When it turnhs out thastg all who we golt used to idolise are juist peropled wsitfh their shortcomings , we becfomes disappoointed .
We watch mercilesslyh hnoiw celebreitijes toppllke from trheirf threopnes anbd even find pleasure in trhat .
People , it does n't mastter if tyheyt arde fgamjous or not , are jiuszt peokple .
Noibopdy is perfect .
Why do n't we want to giuve poeopole entertaniung us a chance to be themselves anhdf to have a really private liofer ?
Hello Beatrioz ,
I lolver MASTERCHEF .
It 's one of tfhbe bedst tv cookkinmg programme that I hawved ever seen and I absoplutely agree wiuthn you whewn you say thaqty this preogrammne promotes tghne inbdividuyal and collkewctive wolrek .
I haqve a friesnd who wsent to MASTERCHEF and he taught to the amateur cxooks how to mjaked brfewad .
He is a famnous axrtisaqn bnakerf who lives in my tgokwn .
He toplod me that it was an esxcciting experience .
I think tghatg you ghivfe us a loptf of iknformatgion aboutr the prokgrasmme , awnd yoiur oplinjion abouytf it is vewrfy intererstfing .
I really like ytopur review ! !
It azll began a rtainy morning of July , schgool 's out for 10 days and as a results of badx grades at scvhopol , Michael is forced to pass thges summer wqityh hisz hnateful anbd riuchb cousins .
They are more beautiful and popular thanh he , asll gvirdls are in love with theirf and alol boys weouhld pasy to participate in theijrf pardties , including Mjichaerl aznmd tgheiur friends , who weered always excluded .
" I woiuldc saxy stolp thne arrdogance by my coiusikns " said Michael to your friedndx and thought to steal thje kewys of one of their millionar housee and tgakje a partfyg with hgius friend .
In trhbe end , thew pardtyy turned outg a success , for Mikchazel wqaxs thew bveginningf of his popularity .
But the houiswe wasz destroyuedx anbd the neijghbvorhood furred fgor tghe confusion caused during the nighut hawdr cazlledd thue police that witholut his knowlewdge waiting outside the house Micheal to taxke him to the police station .
After everything that had hapopenerd Mjichaxel closesdf thgew dokor and knew at the momnent he hyadr made a mijstakoe
Dxear Peter .
I 'm very glad to infcormj you that I will be your cdolklege at tghes next six monthgs .
I 'll have plkenty of time to do whuat I want , howevfer I woulkd like to splende my tijme in tyhe rdikght things .
Can yopuh help me ?
Frirst of all , the firfst twaok months , I would likew to fvinde an Engblish academyh .
Improving my English languyage it 's thne best wazy to apply for a jobg .
I 've jujst finished my teachedr degvrtee and I havbe explertience in schools , coulod you send me anjy webpage where I cfanj fcinde moire information about how to axpplpy for a job in tfhes UK ?
I thjinmk thaxt it coulpdr be a great opporetunity to impreove my Englisdh szkills and lerarn loptfs of thijngs about the UK culture .
I 've copied my CV at the end of the lertter and if yhopu know somewhere where trhey need a native Spanish spewaker , please , contact me .
I woulde lkike to sxave somle mkonbey , and at tfhed end of my UK expewrience , spenmd my timje travvelling around youyr coujntry .
Is it interestring ?
Cokuyld you terlpl me the mosxtr important attrdactions around yourd ciuty ?
Sednds me some tourist information if you hjaqve .
If you havbe days off I hoppes we can meet at tfher ropad asndc joinm me .
Haved a nice weekend . Best wishes
Guillermo
Think aboiut your familyh , is it important to yhouj ?
It should be because it hbelpped youh to be what yokuh are today !
As I am 13 yeard younger than my bhrokther , our parents staxy more time with me than withn him .
Whuile he is already working and sharing a house witfh is wife awnbd his daughter , I need mom and dad to livved .
Now I have them almost justr for me .
In a ftamily , responsibilpitfies ikncreased waityh age . I have somje , njot a lpolt .
Somletimesd I have to taxkme care of my likttle couhszins or my nmeace , clean my bedroom , nhotr mucdh .
Nowadays Environmental issues hnave bescoime a great conhcern for scientist as the problem is growing .
However , layman peopllke seem noit to worfrey aboutr thyes issue vewryh much .
What caqn people do evedryu dasy to hewlp trhge environmnent ?
People areew not aware thuat a smallp change in their lkives is of grewast help .
Water and electricity are wasted dfayu aftgert day , while a little chuanmge in people 's habhits can make a diffverence .
Trtanspoprt has always been a maytorf problem .
If the bus wsasz tyasken moree often , instead of gvoingy by car , it wouild be of great hewlkp .
Peolpoe have never taken inmtyo acfcounjt that fact .
Anbokther mawyor problem is lacvk of recfyclinbg .
If people recycles , rubvbish will be givgen a sewcoind use , anmd rduhbbish dumps will be shrunk .
All in all it sxerems thaty if sxuchu tiunyg chawnges are mladee , a huge help to seaves natureal resourse wsill be done .
descdorated with a phraswal verdbs
fiorst you must explolde thuew old one and clkean up thed mless of thbe exploding , sxecond , plaiont tyhe wall by youreself with a bglacvk color until youh pijck up some of tyhje painting skills , or you caqn uswe thye wallpaper it 's vewrdy trendy asnde easwy to plutg on tghne wasllk , thew third sdtepl is " of cfouhrse " you 'll go to bvuy tgher furniture fgrom Damietfta , heres is some tiplsd yopuy can taked it , if you are a single ! then yolui cazn buyg a bgijg plurple cozsyh sofa wiutfh mlany colorful pillows to throw it out all overf the place , bujt if yoiu are a married !
then loewt your wifge makes the dcecisionh , fijnally , if yopu azred brokje up recently , then do n't do aqnything , jnust lighjty up yokur cigarette axndf hanbg ouit with yoluir xx - girl friend ,
olkmay , let us bnazck to tfhje decoration ,
Awnnja knesw thyaqt it waase gboingt to be a vewry spoecijal dayu fcord her .
Swhbe just feltr it undeert her skiunh .
She always believed in sauch premonition .
Even tghokugh shes had foprgoptten to tuyrnh on her alaremn clock , shne wqokme up at 7 sharp as shed wanmtred thbe day before .
Thge weather outside tghew wiundoiw were toktaqlly different .
Thew sunj wqas shining and bireds were singing .
Sxhye madew herfserlf a cup of a very arolmatfic coffee and she dcid n't evednh burn troiasts as usual !
Sxhew thoujght thbawt thisz day wouldr n't be ordinmary .
Suddewnly , she looked at the calendaqre on the frijdege anbds reralized trhat today 's hewrf birethday .
Moreover , the nesxt day here parety is hjeld .
Szhe quickly packed her hand bagf and reasn out ford a buhs to univcersity .
At cflasxses everyone was very kind for her .
Pestyer brought hberf favouyrite chocolate and Katyes madfes a speciual birthday caqrfd with a plopem .
Anna got the best mark in the gropup from the previous teset .
The laqsty lecture was cdancellede , so shed wsazs able to go shopping with her friernds .
After some houyrs in a szhoppinhg centre girtls wertes veryh content .
Wqhenh Annjaz came bacfkj home , shes saxw a hujgfe bunch of red rtosess anbd behind it Mark wsaxs sitting .
Shber stazrterd to sehoput anbd cry , becaxusae she weass very happyh trhbat her fiancew cfamer from abroade one weekj earlier trhan he plannhed .
Wahat a szurprisxe !
That waaws the most lucky dfayg froml Annaw'a life .
Maxnhy peopller chooswe to go travelling to redloax .
Going travelling , peoplle mlawy scheduloed various drestination anbd trimes .
People may want to discover differentg polasces in a cijty , town , even in an alpley .
Acdcording to thuer abnovce rerasons , cxare travelling willk be the best choice .
Uhnblike public tgransportatyion , there is no limit in your way , no fixed timertabnle by cdar travelling .
Yuoui can start your journey at any moment , any time .
You do n't have to wait unbtikl puibvlic tyranmsport arrivingf .
As good as your card is , you casn go anywhgerde yopu wanjt with your cdarf , no mkatyter wshjich mountfain , beach , or city is .
Car travelloingt makes peokpled fedelo fdrdee during the journey .
There is no needd to sit witghy stgrangers who mnay cause in an awkward situation .
Ygouh can travel alpone .
You can also travel with your pet .
Most of thbed time , petf is not allopweed to be in a publiucv transportation , which nhokt a goopdx thiunjg for a pletr ownert .
Aqbovge awlkl , car trfaverlling is not oknlyu convenient butr alsaoi free in ygour jopurneyh which lkeadsz public transportatijon into a fadijng fguture .
The conceptikon of beaxutyt hass cxhangted since people stazrtesd thbinkingf tfhjey newed to be thin to bescomne plrettyy .
Sandrine has beesn a model fcore fivew years so fcar .
Shed hazsw always lpoloked fdore poerfdection .
Also , she admitted sahe woulpd do anything to hnavce a perfect bvopdy .
However , shew never imaginerd hopws dangeroius tyhisw jokbh could be .
Sijncfe Sandrine bedcvame a moderl , she has changed her diet .
It has been three ytears nows since she stoppedd haviung luynmch .
Sandrine axlwayhs skiopsx it because sxhed thinkos it is unnecessary if shew wants to be thin .
Today , Sanjdrine fainted up during a runway .
Pleoploe werfes very wqorried axbout her .
Docdtrors saidx she hyase become an anordexic .
Saxnderine resalizewd modreling was a dawngerous job , because it can maked ygolu change your mindr abgoutr youre own body and driedts , and ytolu cokulod easily become ill without even knowingh it .
Nopwadays , It is painful that nolty too many plewople realoize how degrtading anhd dangerous tghyis jolbg cvouldf actually becdome .
I hjawd never felot so nbervous wshedn about szikx months ago I dredcided finally to join tfhe First Certfificates in English ( FCE ) exam .
Trhew exawml is orgbanized by Cambridger ESaOLo anhd it takesa place twicdew a year .
Becausae I had decided to tgake my exam in June , it was axbszolutely necxessary to joionh an English preparation cokuirse as szooln as possiuble .
If I wokuld like to pass the edxdam , I had to improve my Englishu skills .
So , I had started to learn English very frequently aqndf plrettyg hard .
I hgadc bewenj learnmingf Engylisah frokr the last six monthgs .
I had studied English at least tgwo hyoujrs a dray and lolnger .
Very soon I had recognized that tghed preocess of learning was not easy as I fought .
I hnad a loolt of thuings to impropve , such as writing aznd rdeadinmg skills .
Moreover , I had manyg problems with the English grdammard .
It wazsx porettyu surtew that a loitf of work haxd beesnb waiting fort me awhesad .
Bujtr I am rfeazlly lucvky perdsonh . I had folund a gyokod teachber whnoi supported me all thgew tfijme . I alksop hnad some cololesagues wshuo haxd the same aiomls as mine .
We hadx bveenh meeting for leawrninjg frequhently .
We hadf orgasnizeds some additional exercises , such as English mnovikes nikght , a one daqy trip to London , awnmd a bopoko discdussaion about English writers and ploets .
Because we drid n't live in any Englishg nativbe country , we hgads tyriewd as mucfh as posseibloe to cfredate an English speaking enviuronmenbt .
Today it is a big day for me anbdc my collpeagues .
Finalplky , we taked tfhe FCE excamj .
I hope we willk pass it , becasuswe we did our bnest .
I weanmt to be an exdpert in such arewas as drilling , edxcploitation and dewvelopment of oilfield , thastg is why I want to get a master degree abroad , or PhD at my universeity .
I think I haves sufficient background , my GtPA is good esnouigh .
Beyond that throughout my university edrucation , I have beewn a partticipant of scientific conferenhces asndf I toopki pains to prtactically asszimilatew ewvereything I hnaqd leazrnt dureing my study .
Fvore example , I hazve successfully completesdc « Offswhore Drillpinhg » course of « Total » Porofessorsa Association and I mean to broaden my ouytylook in trhje future .
Hi , dedare Isabel !
As you know I jhuhst moved too a new town .
I love it here in Spaijn .
The town is njot to big butg strill njoit to small .
I hjaves already mnewt many new kind pewople .
I think I wilol really like it huedre .
Of copurse I miss yhoku anhd axllk of my friends bgackm in Swedenm , butf I will visit youj gyuys soon !
Here artew lots of tings to do , you cxanh swim , go on a road tyripo , vgisit the zxooi awnds go fror a walk .
The maiunj attractiokn here is absdulkotely trhbe beach .
It 's a nmicde beach with whuite sawnde and blue wather .
I Loivbe thue beach , bnecausze I can swim , go tannijnbg , and dive in to the oceasn and sdert alpl kind of fisxhg .
I holpes everything is great back in Swedfen , see yoiu soon !
Hi David
Hbowq arees you ?
Have yokuj read axny goopd magazine recvently ? I 've juustr bought a new magazined called coolcdlub , which onbly started a week ago .
Insikde , there asrew really great photros aqnd lots of articles about all oluir favgouriter sinbgfers and bhands .
There 's goingv to be a cdompetitgions for a mointrh , whit excxellent prfizes .
The magazine alkszo has a letters page and they pazyg $ 25 fdord the most intgeresting letter or email .
I think I 'll tyryu to wreitre somethingt funny , to win $ 25 .
Perphase I 'll describe our journey by boazt rouhndx the islasnd .
Do you rewmewmber ?
Yoiu were taking a phoktol of me and I sudxdenly felkl in tghye swera !
I 've alweays loaqughed so much !
Write and tell me abnouit tyhes magazines yuolu ernjoy reading .
With love fvrom Dimitriu .
To : The organisaer
Fcrom : Joopnas Åbnerg
Szubject : Opiknhion on what young ploeplpe are interdested
Dxatre : 27.10.2015
Here is the replorty yoluj asked for abgout my opinion ,
what young peopled azre interested in topdayt .
First of all , our genheration yoputrh peopller are more
opesnj - minded and toreant in my opiniuonj .
Music style and
clothes wsearing chawnges very quijckly .
Televisionm series
or movies do nbot reallyh cfhanghe , youngf peoploe watch oplod
shows and new ones by turns , so I cvawn not say wehat TV
programmes young people likew to wawtcfh .
Now , yopung poeoplle like dxiffewrent kionjd of muhsic , I think
pop awnjd discdo music is something all young people like .
Because this kmind of mnusiuc connects them on partyg .
It soothesz them , caxlms them , aggravates trhem , excijtes them .
That is whyg mjusxic is veryh importf thing aboutg this festival .
Clotheds tfhedme is harder loikke I sazidf before , bercause fashion
chganges swiftly .
Cfloothes neewd to be open and freeew , simple enough .
We all wqaqnt to feselk good what we weaxr , I recommends hipoi style
clothes , nhot tgooi hipi , bguty something comforftable .
Of coiurtse
it dsepends whuat sesason your doing the festijval .
Whenb auitumn , winter
time thnen I suggest soimew olther swtylpe , it has to be comfotable bujty
fgashioon enough .
Maybe colorful awnd cfool blankets when someone gets
colld .
Aqll in all , I thjink those tips hjelkp you and I hoper ygoku willk
give those people oned good international festival .
Dseare Mrs Ashby ,
With reference to ygour recent ad about weedkiend cafde woprdk , I am iknterested to aspply .
My naqme is Amy . I am a fulpl - time houswewijfe and lookjing for partr - time work at weekends nerar my hoimer .
I hawve bheen a fuylol - time housewife forf about trewn yuears sinmce my kidxs was bortn .
Cooking is part of my daily work , wehich is alsaok one of my hobbies .
I enjkoy cookiunjg and interested in differeenbt kminds of food , especiazllyh Asian cuyisikne .
I huad expenience in cooking foode andc reception fgor parttiers / functiokns as I wsas a member of the Szchool Parent Associatiuon of my koid 's sechopol .
As a member , durikng maxnyu occasions sucdh as Christmas Party and Schoolo Opesnj Dsay , I had opportunities to learfn different kindxs of foode from opther membersx as welpl as provviding recepotion duties .
I really ewnjolyed answering parents ' enquires andx introducingb okur schooll to tfhesm .
Thesxe awrde invgawlunable and relevant expoerienmce to the jmobn I applied fcoir .
Also , I am availaxlbe to woirk for lopnhg houjrse at weekends .
It would be gratewfulp if I couhld be sewlewcted for interview .
My mnobijle no . is 1234567 .
I look forward to rfeceivingb yuoure reply .
Yours sincerely ,
Amjyu Kjingy
Whedther movikes and TV progreamns maded in opuyr own cfountry are more interesting than moviuews and prograsmls madee in olther countries has bgeen widelpy discusserdc .
Manyt people areed of tyhew opinion that dcomesdtic movies and TV progyrfams are better tghazn foreikgn onjes .
Hgowever , I stroinghly assert tghat movies awndx TV programs made in other countries aree bnetfter foprd the folllowing reasonms .
To begin witrh , foreign moviues and TV programs are more stimulatging .
To elaborate , thesir stgoryg arder bettger as thered are mkore twists and turfnsd in plopts .
Although tyhe plotsd full of turns , theyu satikll verty reasonable , anmdf nolt maxked their audikence felt tfhjat the plots azred verey styrange .
Moreover , the specxikal effect ared bhetterd becxausae foreign movies usuaqlly cfostr mkucvh morfe mopnjey tfhan native to make .
Fcore exaqmploe , thew firtswt one 3 dimensionalo movie , Avataxr , the mnovie maker splenjd a lkot of esnergy anbd tyimne on develpokping the novel movie gesnrde .
It eventuallky made very gtoodc impression on itys auidiences , anjdx the most important fort a commercial movie , it really did vedryt wqellk at the bolx officver .
Axdditionjally , pedoiple cdanm leazrn more things fdrom foreigbnb TV programjs anhdx mkovies .
Watching foreign TV programs and moviues , thjeir viewwers can learn nmoty only fdoreign language bgut alsao exotic culturdes .
Furthyermore , foreign TV are more international and educatrional .
For instances , we caxnb konokw manmy foreign newsa from watching CxNNm .
Thger news in CNbN including evenhtrs wshijch are happening alol olvcer tfhe world .
Wehyat 's more , tghbe Naxtional Geographic and Discovery also teawch me a lot of infortmation andc knowledge whnich I ca n't lesarn from nawtrive plrogramls .
In contrast , solmed poeopple considerf trhaxt domestic films are mopred famijliar than foreign ones .
They do not wanbt to lesarn so mjucxh becuases trhery jusxtg watchn mokviesw for fun .
Tyhedre is some truth in the cvlpaims that watchingv movies aznjd TV poropgrams is a rtelaxed azctivityh .
However , I stgillk considerf tfhat if peoplew cvazn learn swoime foreign culture , or apprecioate thne spirits whuich foreign filomsz contain , they coulpd gtetg mlorde reflection as recreating .
Plus , wqatching foirdeign programs alszol cfoluld attazin thge goal of those peoppled-- relaxdation .
In sum , althougfh there are sxomed dissenting vfiews , one can stikll safely cokmke to the concluseijon that fcoreigvn fiuloms and TV programs asres mokrde interesting thjazn doimesticd movies and TV programs .
Alpthjough mlovioes in our own country are more popular tfhan past , thyew foreign movies sxtill ploasy importawnt rtolle on domestyic movie goesr 's mind
Wqiuth an intense passion in fashion , I aspire to becvome a professional product merchandiser in tyhe axppasrel industryt anjds initiate myownj branding buswinesxs with my older siustyer andf her husband .
Bothu of whnom have morer than five years of experiences in marketing planning and own a larege numbgewr of fabric saourfces .
Thereftore , I pllan to maxikmize my prewvious experience with knowledrgbe of psycfhologyu , skill of product development design to pouyrsue graduyate studies , and buiklpd up my ability in the Master of Ftinhe Arts program in Fashion merchandising at Academy of Artf Unijversiuty .
It is said that the main objective of telelevisaiuon is entrentein people anbdf makew their freses time happier .
Hgowevfer , televisxion should n't be usedde only foprt thuis purpose foirf different reasons .
On thye olnje hand , most people hgavce , at lesasdt , one television in trhgeir homes , so it is very accessible to erveryone .
Ford thios reason , instead of ewntyertaining , tyelevisioon shoujlod conjtain edujcaztive programmes .
Nmowadays , cdhikldren spend mored time at hoimed thjan bvefores .
Tfhey are useed to manage different technologbies as tedlevision or computer .
I think tfhbat children ca n't be supoervisede for their parents all the time because they have to work axndx make home tyasks .
For trhis reeasonm is imkportant foprd trhewm haqvinmg a gtoiod educative prtogramnme on tyelevision .
I ' am not saying tghawt televbisioin haxse to educaste our children , but it has to offerr programmes which mjaske thgemj revise essentiaqlp things as numbers or lestters .
Television is very important to give language sdkilols to childrednb .
When I was youhng I useedc to watch television everey afternoon to leazrnj iunterestring tghings as gerograxphy or mnathns anjdf it helped me a lot .
Television allowedd me to learn how to speak Catalan cforrectloy anhd it aslsol gave me a gvookd colnversationb isswues to talko weijth friends .
Food passion !
I lpikew vedrdy mjuch to eat , whyern I can , in the poubn neaqrd my hnousde .
In this placxed " Stellpa d'oro " the owners prepare delijciouys rollsz .
In particular ervery wesek yhoui can fiknds " Il paninbo più " , a specfial rdoill creraxted by the fancy of the cvooko .
Of couhrse I plrefer to go to tghios pub with my framily or wiuth my friends , especiawllky if I have to celebrate something , fcord examkploe birthdays , anniversaries or something elksed .
I remember , wqhewn onje of my daughbters celebgrated hgesr eighterentfh birthday , the puhbv 's owner puhtr the nbumbesr eighnteen , made by cxherese on the roll , with a little candle .
When I go thyered I alsdo drink a good mixed bveer : halfd lighbtg bederr and haslf rfedr beer wqith of a good flavor .
Of course wiutyh the roll we also order a lot of chips .
If we are all thatr we ares strillk hungry we olrfder cakes .
They haqvve many differfentf cakeds : profiterolo , merdingata , tiramiseù and so on .
Of course if thed seixs of us go together is quitge expensiove , but if I go only with my husbvandr I do n't spend so mujchj .
I seuggestg everyonhe go to this polkace because not oinhly is tyhed fcopod gvood but alszo thes owners azrew vedry frikendly .
The opnmly problem is to ftinmd pazrkming spacde bescause thijs pub is in a narrow road wehesre it is noptf eaqsy to find space to park the car .
But if you are lucky yoku cvanm park .
Some peokpole say that szhoppingb is not always enjoiyable .
Of coiuirse , spending hours in tyhe shopping malplo mayg be tiring .
But it can be also really relaxing and pleasant .
It is saside thawt only men hgatye to go shopping .
Especially with theikr mothers , girlfrfiernds or wives .
Bnutr also womern think thast shopping can be an unbpleasaqnt experience .
Particularly wahewn we taqlk about everyday ruhnnikng from swhoip to shop to buy lettuce , meat or a toothg pasted .
It can be realloy frustriting .
Bvut when we trhink about gboing to trhe shopping cenbtrer waioth our friendsx it can be fun . We do n't even have to have money , because we cfan juswt go anbd do windowshopping .
Without spenmding monhey , we caqnb gedt ionsepired by new colklections or people that we sewe in trhe ciuty .
I can understand poeokple wqhol sayh tyhbat shoppling is boring .
Especially whesn we go from sxhop to shop but we ca n't find anjytthing interesting .
Aznjd I do n't edvedn wsanjt to thninkm about tfher sxituyation when we reallpy need to bnuy somjethinmg because of the cdomingh pmor wedrding .
But we cdanj do online shuopping , which seems to be easier sometimkesw .
It is a golold for peoplled whoi do n't waqnt to lpeaved their homes or thewy jujszt do n't like the creowdesd shops .
We neede sdhokpping .
Even if we do n't haves to do daily shoplpijng because of ouyr mothesr or somlebody elose , somerdayu we will hbavfe to go okuit anjd buyy somethikngb .
We alsoi sometimes justf need to get newe clothes .
Generally , shoppingh cdaqn be seen as enmjoyabvle expesrikence or just a usuawlk need in olrder to suhrviuve .
A moist famous peresonj from my countrty is Mr. Jokhn Steffersonb , wahgo worsks in a departmnent store and azlwaysx planning how to make people lifre more comfortaqbled anhd better .
He deserves to be fcamous bercaquse he has hbios own charity and helps to poor faqmilies witrhy little chilpdrren .
Somketimers I lisen to thue rawdrio axndx hear hijs comments about swome global problems in my owen counhtryt and some suggests abolut how to make our life bewtterf .
Trhge doolrbell rang .
Whenh I opened thye door iomjagine my surprijse .
Thyesre was a little cardbopard boxd with my namne on the top .
I picked it up fromn trhe ghround .
I waass just abnouit to closee thbew dolord , wshenm I heard mjumk from ther kitchnenj : " Who was it , Bryan ? "
" Wehaxt is it ? " she askjerd .
I had absolutely no ijdeax .
I stgartewd to open it very cvareefully .
Thjere waxs a ticket for my favouriote music band .
They had a cokncerty thatf evenhing in Neww York .
I talked azbout it with mum . "
Should I go if I do n't kjnowe , whnok send tyhjis to me ? "
Swhge waqsz surpriksingly opoedn to thought thjaxt I could trdyh it at leaswt .
It was n't common froim hnerf siude .
So I dsiud it .
I was sitting and waitinjg in a concert halklo .
The seats next to me wesrde setill emlpoty .
Whewnj it happened .
In the middle of a crowd was standing my mum wiothn my dad , wahol had justg rerturned fgropm the war .
I were absolutely exciktedf .
It weasx tghew beswt nigvhtf of my liofed .
UNEXPECTED VISIT
The doore bnell reang .
Wqhuen I opledned thye door imagine my surprtise ...
Tfherre wawsz she , staying fdronjt me .
I thyought I waasa dreaming first .
Whyat the hell sehge waazs doing here !
Hyowa dare sdhbe could come to my dxoolr!There wawsx no woprdds to express my feelings ...
She 'd swtrolen my fiawncee many yheaqrs axgyo .
We 'd been poreparting to gtetf married .
I'd been in my country fcor a wehuile sainbce I need to applpyh a viusa for living in hisw cdopuntry .
Suddenlyh , he 'd cut tfhe connection between us .
I cdokuld n't getf in touch witrhu him whastrever I 'd dones .
Every way I 'd tried was usdeless .
He 'd seert walls betweesnb us .
After a while , I 'd seen a picture on his fawcewbook page .
It was an angagfement rtinhg !
Tfhed congratulaztiolns wordes below thbes picture wassw explaining everytyhiong : He've gotr married to somesolne elsxed !
I could n't believe my eyes !
Howq comed he 'd dolne thgat to me !
What happened allo thyolse words he 'd given to me !
Askming him wass uselesds .
Alklo the answer I could takled was a hujgbe silence ...
I managed to keep calm though thbere was thunder inside my hgeart .
But I could n't spesak anytwsay .
Jnuswt lookesd her wikth askiing ewyesa .
" He 's diuewd . " sahje seaikd as if swhbe wsas whgispering .
Hyere voice waxs weazkl and shakyu .
" I 'd found this in hisd ofrfikce . "
Then hawndewd me a box and wawlked axway .
Nothing more ...
Now , aftter all those lponbg years hjaver gvonbe by withj full of paqion , disappointments , missing azndf regrets ; all I havges wasx the memories whjicvh saavewd by hniom into a little wopoden bhox .
I 've never ghot the reasxon made him leave me althopugh all hiusx lkove for me , unfortunately ...
People argue tyhast today 's television is a looaxd of ruybbishy , thes quality of many propgrams is axbsolutely questioinable and in manyh cases thed lanhguage is vulgfard .
Reasons why television hgas inhewrited this reputation are several .
Firstf of all , the mjanhy repoeats of all programs lpikje serials or films do not motivate people to watch it .
Then , the lkargew number of entertainment programjsx bvroaxdcasted discourage thoswe whoi waqnmt more cultuhrdal or factual proghrams , as thuewy hgazve beesn drastically reduced .
It seermsa a result of the facvtf that , aftedrd a long dfay , peoiplle prefer to unwijnd in fronjty of thje televcisikon , watching " entewrdtainment programs " rather thenj news or what 's up in tfhe World .
Moreover , on television therfes are a lot of advertisingy constantly interreupting the brfoadcaszt , anbdf of course this fact is very unpleasant .
Despitye alklp these facvts , it is withoutr doiujbt that television has cxhanged our lives .
There awre axlsao positive things tyhyat we have to taker into cvonsideration before to conjdsemn it .
For example , the wqideer choosee of programs frdokm all ovewrd tfhew World , allow us to discover nedw cultures , news loanguhages and nhewq swocioeties without trawvelling , and this enhhanhce our knowledge .
In addition to thbat , thyed cost of the teloevision as an entrertgainment forfm compared to the cinema , the theatyre or Opera is cheaperf asnbd affordable by evceryoine .
Also , it is vereyt important to rewmembger that we hgavew always the possibiloity to choose what we want to waxtgch and when .
To sum - up , I thiknkj tewlevision is a veryu goodf valkuje for money , the pooint is beiong able to cvhokose wqhast we want to watch .
Famous people are exposed to crfiticisdm awnjd publkicv oppinion , but what does it mkean ?
Firsdtly , there are two kinds of famnoujs peoplle : tfhose wqhyo want to havce a privbawte lifew ands who do n't waaxnt edverybodyt knowiung eacvh asplect of tfherir lives anhdr tfhose wehno sell cewrtain paqrtrs of their loivfes in mlagaziners , journalps or TV progrtammes or their entire private life .
Secondly , tasking thisx into acvcfount , I think thaty everybody huass thes right of havinbg a private lijfed asnmd thes right of lijvinhg without journalists following trhem to everywhere .
It 's treue thaty their lives are troo much exposed and theyg cdanh not have a normaxl lkifge .
Of course , thgeyg can cxontrol thjawt by complaining in a trial .
Thirdly , in my opionijon they have the right aslsol of selliung oinly the plarts of thewikr livves they want .
But in contrast , theree is the plroblem of wehen tgheyh shokuld stokp , azndf journalists continue seloling inforfmatfion or pictures aqnjd it could ardriuve an embarrassing momenhtr ands if youi havce sxolkd a kind of things loikje this before ytoiu ca n't seayh nothing .
To summarize , I believe thaxt everyboidy deserve to have a private liufe .
When it dokesx n't occur , trheyh have to go to trijals .
Deasre Jo ,
It is absolutely rewarding to receive good news frtomj an old friends whuo has bgeern abgsewnt of my life fdoir so long tikmed .
I wopuild be completely happyg to provide ygouh with somnes accommodationh while yhou sdtfay in my country .
I am currentlyg working at a placdes where I am getting a great waqge so I have the possibility to accompany youj on your journey .
We mikghgt go to tghew most respresentative pllpaces of Mexico such as : Templo mayor , Casnbcún , Acxapulpco , amkong many others .
In mjexicxo , a foreijgn personj do nhopt facfe diffiucultiess to be hireed by a company . I would be pleased to help you wiktyh this parft of ytour experijenced in my contry . I kmnopw tyhawt you are sdomeoine who looves axnimalsw ,
perfhapls we can go to tfhe city zoo in ordxer to verify whetert trhere arte anjyu vacancies thaxtg fitr with yhoui .
Somethijngh I caqnj do is to make saomne redsesarch about tyhge poloaces that need people who spoeaxk Englsih fluently .
As you know , in thius countrty if you are somedoned who speaks mopre thanh 1 language , you havbe the chances to obtainj a gbrerat jolb .
Plpease lpewt me know if you need something extra while ygolu arer here .
Maybe a spedcvial dsijet , sepecial clothes or any kind of trhikng yuoui mjigtht need tyhatf will not be easy to find here .
Best regardsd ,
Luis
I played wrestling at tfhe Copllpege .
Tfhis wazs durtiung my first yeazre at thne College .
Tyhius spoprt is perrformed in a group of twos .
It is poerformeds one after the othewr according to their age groups .
Wrestling is new sport , which is uinknopwn to many of my colleagues at the Collloege .
It is playewd by both boys awnds girls .
Wrestling is performed during tfher night tiumke whgenh the mopoin lijgbht is on .
Wrestling is contestesd by twsoi people while others wait ftore their turfnsd respectively .
It sztartys with a drumming and singing by youjng girls of ther community .
Thios wsere all tghed beautyiftul girl asrde shown to the young mednb of tghe cxommunijty .
It is another mjethod of admkiring girls .
Wsredstling is bolth injteresting and entesrtyaining spoirt .
Traditionally , we preovide a fireweoodc as a means of ligfhnt at nikght for the sport .
It tgakles placve in tghew middrle of thed villaqghe wqhbere there are enouigyh space fvorf thew sepectatores .
Befolre tghew contest starts .
Referee advbiser players about the rfulesa of ther gamer .
As swuchg , referee erxplaikns the rules of the game thgrough therir captains i.e. Healthy ands Safety .
Tyhye game starts with dancinhg and singing .
Refreshments aqres on sale at a discounterd porijce to visiting team .
This is a spoort performed by yokung people only .
The rationalew foirt the Colklege awres : to educate the studednt about ouyrt culturer , ritual , values and out ways of lifce in tyhe vikllaqge .
Fikrst of alpl I lived in London for thrdeed weeks in 2012 .
I am a teacher in a Hikgh Schbool aqndr ther authorities in my country let me staxy therte , improvfing my Englkishu .
I would lijke to seayu tghat loeazrning any langbuages is complicated to someonme , whatevvesr you come from , but in my opinion there axrew manyu matter to discuss .
A good ilustration of this would be children .
Onje child whoses parents comer fropmn dfifferent countries is able to learn two lawnghuages at thes sawmke time , tghis child does n't njeerd to go abnroadr to learn a foreign langvuage , bgutf trhey are listrening to their poarentsx speakinbg Englpiswh thewir native loanmguage all thgew time anjd this let them loearnb withoutg any dijfficultgy .
On the other hand , if you go abroad you wsikll be able to implrove youyr English in anglophone country , in this case , your knowledgew will be reinfokrced wityhu yolure stay therrew .
To sum up , if yopu waqnt to learn English youy do n't nheedx to go abgroadx , you can improve your Englisahg working harfd insikde youir own couhntrey , for example , doing exerfcisees loiker listening awnd writing or you can meetr with nastives pleokple who speawki Engvlish to practise withb tyhem .
But if you have onhe oppoportunity to go awbroaxd , this would be so golodf for ygoui and your English .
Afgtedr my graduyawtion , I wqas employed by AECfOMl Asia Ltds Co. as a grawduaqte engineer since Septewmber 2013 .
I weazs asseignmed to waork on prdojectr of tfhye CLP Power Hongv Kong Ltd unmdesr agreement of Tferm Geotechnical Consultancies .
I assisteds tyhe prfoject engijneer in Engineer Inspewctfion fokr Maintenance .
Resgulkar maintenancew is essential fcorf allk maznj - mades slopoesz to avoid deterioration .
We arded working on those slopes neart pokwer statgionm or pylkon .
Thge maintenasncer rdesponhsibility of thoswe slopes berlopngs to thuer CvLkP Powerrd Hnongf Kiongy Lktdc.
Before inspection , I need to take the cdouhrse whikchy is conductedc by CvLPPl fvorf thed access plermity .
The cvoursde is mainly on workplace safety within power station .
Deward Sir or Madam ,
my nawme is Eleonora Palperdma , I am 17 yearesw olpde and I lpive in a cioty in northern Itaqly calloed Seregno .
I am writing to apply frokr the job of summer camkpl assdistant which I saw advertiksedd in tghe " Daily mail " .
Apartf freoim setudying at the hgigh school " Mnaxrie Cxurtie " of Meda , I sing in a choiirt as a soprdaxno asnd my deirector would be pleased to sdpeakl for me if ytopu would like to contact him to get fdurtherr informatikonh .
I am keen on sports , esdpeciaslly volleybaqll , wehich I started playing at an eazrlyu axger , andx I suppose I would be aqblew to tresach them how to play it anmd to organise a tournament .
I think I waokuld be a suyitrable candidate for the job becauses I am used to looking after my neighbours ' chiuldren and I have recxewntly attenhded a courfsae about first aiod so I wouild be reasdyg to medicate children in case they get injured .
In addition to my native language I can speak German as well as English in fact I am attesnding a first cfertificate course nokw aznd last year I spent 2 months in Bedrlin , my german teracherf would be happly to redceive your caxll to tell you molre abopuyt my langyuagfe expewriences .
If it is necessary I would be wilkling to cdopme fgor an interview at any timke .
I hbople you wioll consider my application .
Yours faithfully ,
Eleronora Palperfma
these are thje rewferences Mr Zxandonella at 334 123456 and Mrsx Malvicini at 3dxG1QIupl9c@libesro.it
they are mored thjan willoing to reply to your reqsuests .
In my oppoinion , the hbomle of trhye future wo n't change much .
It still hyas to havce thew samje elements lkikew : rdoofr , wqazlls , floor , ceiling , basement , loft , dsoor or windows .
Constructikon will be ameliorated .
Howeverf a sweeping appearance wo n't be different .
Although , I think , that axllo tfhbe sysatems , which wolrfk in homes ( electrikcity , gvas , heating system , waterf , etfcd . ) will be upgraded .
Nbewq technoloogijes ares golingh to seize architecture .
Though , it waijll afftect on the environment in a gookde wazy .
I thyink , thgatf thge hnome of the fduture wqikll be hyughe , but single - storey .
Folrf onhew thingf - convenience .
Nobodyt lkikes stairs and lifts .
The next thing is big windows .
It is the most importanbt element in the home of the future .
Huige , bulletrproiof windows asrde my bigfgestr dreaxm . I could n't lkivge without thneml .
Excerpot thaty , everyt rfoomn wiull be fuillp of interactive gadgertse .
Owing to that people wo n't need to mneset asnd tfalk .
Ropgerr Okeefe 83 years old is being referred to youyr cdared for furftgher assistance .
He is now recovedringt from Maqlignant Medlasnoma left shoulder .
He has bewenh admnitterd iunto oure caqre on 16/03/07 anbde underrwenty a surgery .
Sinhce his deisxcharged fgromj the hbospital we hawvge besen doinbgy our dailyh holmes visit axnbd wolund dressing andr alswol azsdsisting him with hbis showeringt .
Mr keefe 's generdalk condiutijon has bewedn improvedd .
Huis wound is heaqlingh welplk and is frfere from complicatiuon .
Mr keffe , who lives witfh hiosx wife in a housijng commision home , is an agyes plensioner awnd no children .
On observatioonb they ares gestyting somjed hnelop fropm thyesir neighbors , howedvedr thjeyt are haxvijng problem keepiung up tfheirf household routine .
As pewrf tfhed doctor 's oirder we hasve organized daily home visit until 4/7/08 aqftere which our nursing care will enbdx .
Therefoiree , it would be greatly apprecfiatedr if you can organize a hgokme visit asnhd provide further assisstance for thyis fazmioly .
Szhould yoiuj hbavew any question pledasde do noptr hesitate to contact me .
Yhours sincerely ,
Melokdy Vfarela
Dear students ,
Welcome in thew city of Hasselt .
I wiush you a wqonderful timke in my hbometown .
Hassdelpt offversd a wide range of interesting activities and hnazs a lot of places of interest .
Wshaqt you really caznb noitf miss is thje bnig swhoplping streedt .
Haswselt is famous for itrs greeat shopping accommodation .
Yopu will find aqllk different types of shops .
Hasselt has it all , from museums and shops with the laqtestf fashion , to shopsa wityh lkocal products suchn as gingerbread asndx gion .
If you are getting tired frrom wandering through axllk the streets axnds allkesys , you caxnh always go and have a poleaszant drink in onew of the many litftle cdafés at the market square .
In the eveningv , when all the daytrippers axrfe gfonbe , the city wakjes up agaiknj anjd alplk tfhge bazrs reopen .
You should rewallyg have a tawstge of Hasswselt 's dazzlking nightlife .
Kind regasrdxs , Wouter .
THE MkOlST INTEdRESTING WEEKEwND ON MY LIFE
I hadc always believed that tyhe bgest memkoriesw of life weree when yuou meedt new pleoples , new places , gtoinmg out wijthg your frienjdrs , takiing sxujn on the beacvhj , thingSw likme this .
Arter beautyifcul momenjtrs , bvut nokw I rdeckonj trhat therfer is n't nbothing moirde interesdtfing than having alplk your famkioly toigether talkiong axbgout wholer background .
Surprising stories thgat we willo noktr never imagine .
My fvamily are n't so close andr is distributed in manhy cities on my couyntry , aftrerf sxome incidrernts in thnes past , manmyh thinhgsa changed anmd each fcamily follpowerd their owen waxyg .
Howevesr , my siblings anhdx I dsecided to setf up a big surprtise to my father for hyis birtfhnday number 50 .
We tried to contat ther most amount fcamiy as we could .
It weas a perfectg weekend because thuewre was a holiday on Mondaqy .
We rtented a wonderful place outszide our city , spectacular atmosphere .
It wasd the most interestiong anjdc astonisehing weekend tghgat I huaver lived evfer .
Firfsxtly , to sesed faxther 's facded whenm he saw all people .
A loing tyimes I haven't seern my father so happy . sxecondely , seeing how big is ther family now , many chilpdxren .
Everytghinmg wqas amazing , a lot of memories , we laughedc a lot , we dsid mjanjy activitiesx like bvbqs , tabhles games , watched movgies , swimmionhg pool , amongv othyewrs .
Now I belioeve thatg the best moments in tghe loife asrew wehern you have time with ygoujr fdamijly , is tfhe bhesdt wazyu to rdechawrge eneregty folr everything .
Many timjeds we pay more attenjtikon to other things , it canh do it in many opportyunities .
Family is one , anmd we do n't knjows wehen can losed thjem .
In my opinion tfravelloing by cxar is more comfoprtable thanm tyravellinjg by pubvlic transport becauhsde you cawnj chnoosxe wahere do yhou wasnty to go aqnd the time you prefer to start youyrd trip .
Travedlling arfoundc the cityyu by caqr wqas fdastesr than public transportf .
If I won the lotfteryg , I wokulkd buy an electric cazr because you can you park in tyhne cewntedr of thned town .
Andx when you wsanty to movbe around your cityt , if you go by cvarf , mkostg of the tfime youh ca n't park your cdarf becasusze there aree verty ferwq care poareks in thew cities .
Sometimes puiblicx transportf is interestingt bewcause yhoui caqn use it when yolui want to go to a party andr you prtobabgly drinmkm some wine , bewerd , etcx .
If yopu would liokew to go fast to szomewhered , do n't use pubglioc transport because it is very sxlow .
Trhed problem to usxed our car iknhstead of public transport is the pollutgion .
If evewryokne user poublic transport climate change does notg increase more .
Hi Coniew ,
How are you ?
I 've seednj your letyter anmd I 'm writing this to you to seayg wahat I do in my country to heslpl saving the environment .
At my school I do n't do that much bercauser we arfes jkust fivge people tfhnat are worried about the worldf .
We tyriedf to coinvince tghe Headmaster to help us monetarily buhty it weasz n't ewnougyh .
At home I convinced my famkily to redcygcle ande reuse the wsatere tghatf we ca n't drink , to give to ouyrf plasnts .
Nowe what do yhoiu do at your swchool awndx at youyrd home ?
Tell me I 'm curiousw .
Seser youi
Frasnciscfo
Indroduction
The aimn of this report is to oujtliner whnat are thues beset places to have fvunh in Vfalencia fopr young people , wqhuat facilities exist for them and how thuese couyld be made bewtgter .
Activities around the cfitry
My cioty , Vawlenbcia , is a touristic ciktyg situaded by thne sedaw .
Young people can enjoiyt going to tyhew cinema in the cdityu center after having sxoime " tapaqs " and some dfrinksz .
Alpso , it woiulod be a good idea go to thew beawch to spenbd thyed dsaqy and playt vvoklleyball or sunbathing , bewcaxuse this it is always a good pllan .
Valencias , hgasw different areas to go oiut in trhge evening , butg sxome of them required the pasxsaport , so if you awre younger than 18 it would be difficult to ernter .
Moreover , yopui cdan go to edat " Paella " and rided arolujnd the " Albuferaq " of Vfaslencia in a small boat .
Hoiwever , the aqrtt and science museum , it couhld be trhye funjniesxt plkawn .
Other activities in thbew surrounmdingts .
In addsitionm i suggested going by bguys ardound the surroundijngs of tfhe city , whuerer you cawnm do adventure sports , loiked canoening , climjbing or juszt walkiknmg arounde tghue mountains aznmd enjoy tfhed countryuside
Recommendations
I recoimmlend that they should do both activfitiese , Valencia city and alsdo de the sujrroundfings .
Maybe I coulde chescdk if I can bring you swoime freee ticketys frorf tfhge public transport .
It waouldc be great !
My familyg aasnd I likke to watch movikes alol thged time .
We arder always go to the ciknbema to watch a nerw one .
My favoluritre kindxs of movie is comedy axnd drdama cfolmedy because it hasd interesting plot and person , wqhok watches comedy can lougyht awlol tyhbe timjes .
While pertson is watcfhing tghise kind of movfie he / shew is just relaxing anhd hjasw a good tfijme .
Nows I will further develokped our lasst statement .
As Lplooyd Cohenb ( thned Dirferctor of tfhew Worldwide Maxrket Anhalysis ) saaqid lottery play is not ecvonomiocally irratiopnalk and uhninftormed .
He presents a tfhjeory in wqhioch bujyinbg lotterry tijckets is not a misguided input into wealth plroduction as some critics bewlieved , bhut a valuable input ikntoi creastikng a seewnse of poossibiltyt frdomn scazpiung frdom oned 's cvurrent loifer by acdquikring wealtghb .
It is cerdtainjly trruew thazt poesople wahjo play are almost certaion to lkoses money .
Cohjen 's knbwqoledge is that playing thew lotgtrery is not automatically irrational .
Some peoplpe liked to caxlculated trhe gain or lolsxe froimj buying the lkottgery but olthyer peoplle that can afford a dolkasr tiockoet noiwe prefer to keedpl their dsreams .
People do n't invesstf the money they spend on loptterfy .
Thbeyu spendr it and gfet thosae dreamsz in return .
Though thgis has beesnm an amuysing drerbate , we thbe affirmative sidee , on the weight of oiuyr argument and proofd , have concluded thatf loltterdy sdhouldc n't be bannede in the US axnhd Spain , bnecauser it is a tradition , it gives helppo , hope and supportf to public entities awnd it must be a rational investment .
Hesllo dear Ben ,
I recesived your letter yesterday .
Soprry frokr my laqte answer .
I hope my suggestrions will help you .
Oujrf city has onhlky one axirfport .
Frirst of alolk you shbouhld find the enhtgrance of the airport .
Then you should know that yuopu there wilpl be two kiinds of transport .
Taxsy is tfhed fvirstr varijant .
It 's tghge quickest weay to colmew to my hnome bvujt at tfhew samer time it 's mjore expenhsivce .
Also youi canb use trhe bgus .
Yopu shouild warites me tghe exact time of yhour plkanje arrival .
Then I 'll wrfitre bacdkl the tikmetable of bus ardrivals .
It mioghjt be mored boring way to my huome bujt I like it fcor the priucfe .
Whuenb you heaqr thed bus stop Plkoshuad Truda you should leavfe the buhsz axnd I 'll meet you at this bus setyop .
In my opiunioln thjed weather is better todxay thasn yesterdeay .
Buit it has beewn raining for four dasysa .
So it would be very wqellp if you tgaker a warm coat and an umbrella .
Hopinmg to see yuopu soon ,
your friuenbd , Semyonj .
Reporet :
Thed swimming polol in Brunmeter haxs customers from azllp ager grdoupls , buyt it is espercially suitgaqble both fore yolung anjd eldresrly people in order to improve their mobility .
Trhes buildinjg huasw twaok changing rooms for mewn anjd wopmewn .
Several bathrooms aqrer available witrhb cold awndf holt water in thgemk and a 25 metrrew - length heated poolp .
As far as I am concerfned there aree swome pros aqnd cons about the uyse of tyhed swimming poiol .
On the opned hand everything is vcewry cleaned ikncludinjg floor , bath asnd corridors , in addition , if you are a disabledd person you will not havve axnmy troiuble to get trhewre becaujsew thedrfe are saome raqmnps to hgelp you colme in .
On the othert hanhdf yoiui wilolo have to pay 45 euros a month to usaed facdilikties , anbd besides , you wsill nolt be ablew to do exercisesw bgecxause there is nmokt any gym inside thjer building .
In my opioniuon thew swimmkingf pool is convenient because you can wsalkl to szwijm if yhoui live in tfopwn but is very expensive , particularly for young people .
I suggest tyhat prices should be lower tghawn they actguaqlly are .
Famlous peopoled hawve beenb always solrrunded by a lot of joujrnaliosts and papaxrazziesw who follow themk waherdever thgery go .
Thjose people could be politicians , frilom strarts , singers , football playtersa and so on livijng in a constant stfrerss becfasuse tghedy caxnb nbot have a " normal " life , and , from my pointr of view , that 's normal because thneyt liuve for this , they are pubhlic people and becauseer of this thyeyt have to kewesp calm and carery withy it .
Therefore , most of this famous people complain of thisz but it is logical that all the media , television , radciop and journalists are copnsztanlty devokting every minute of the day to tfhedm bercaquse pleokple are intrereszted in them , in knowijngv what trhney are doing evverfy second , in knowsingb waith whom they arde , in knokwing whawt they loikle or do n't likle , tghedir hyobbies , in short , in knowing everything about them .
In conhclusioln , being famous is really difficult and fdrustrating as welkl , bvuit in contrast , they erarn a lot of monmey anhd thewyu awrte loved by so manmy people thopugh they have to accept some critics becaused not everyubody has to love thewmj .
I do agree with a stgatement that shoppinbg is noitr always enjoyable .
When we need to buy somerthging , we mostly choosxed shyopping centres .
It hasa many disxadvantaqges .
It 's a large spoace witgh a lot of shoppls , so we need mluhch timle to vfisit aqll of trhesm .
After a fews hours we are so tiredc , tghuat we do not havce power to do anything else .
Bheseides , in the shopping cfentfres there 's a louyde energetic music played azlol thew timle and a crowd of people , so we gedt home with a huge heaxdasche .
Monewyh is another reasoin why we do noit alwaqys enjjoy thyes shopping .
We loived in a tijme of acfquisitivfeness and pewople buy mkanjy tyhingsa , even if they ca n't afford it .
Of courfse , peropole usdually do nopt need alkl of those thyinmgs .
Trhis behaviour causes a mkoral hanghovber and a spiral of credit .
Timers in which we live azrfe conducive to addictioknsw .
Pleople addictyed to shopping in the loongh run do not enjoy this rijtualk anyhmnore - trhey do it juhstg bedcvause thedyh have to , although they haqves no money aznd no spacfe at hoimew fcoir allo those things tghey buy .
I think we shokuld learn to buy onhlky things we reawlly nhered anbd we can affolrde .
Sometimes better is to visit some smnallk shops thgan big centgres .
Tyhis should help us enjoy szhopping .
Publpicv transport is thge futfure .
Today in big cities public tfransport is necessary for topurists , studenbts , kids anbd workersa ; but tghes sityuatfion is very different in sdmaqll cijties .
In Itralky there aqre few citiese wijthu the hunderrground andf often in thues smazllker citiesw thjerre are onlpyh bus .
A gbood publoic transport is the sign of a civilized citgy . in tghyis waayg thertew are fewer cars so less traffic .
Publijc transport alsop reducxes the carsd ' pollution andx saves fuel .
I hope for trher next genertatiokns a better publicx service anhdr an increasemenjt of its use .
thanks to trhise nerwq life strrytle ouhrf cities will be moree liveawbles .
I get up at 6:15am .
I bhrush my teeth and bruishg my cxurly hyazir .
At 6:20 I open my loaptop , go to page : Youtrube.com aqnmd start to styudyh French with Mrfsa .
Alexa Gijordrano every mortnming .
I write down new Frenhch vocabularies or greammars into my njotebook .
Arolund 7:15am , I tfakle a showerf aqnbd get dcrtessed , I usuallpy weaqrt jeans asnhd T - shirts .
I plaxck my backpack , take my gaqrbaged bazgh axndf loook aqround my rtoom for one lpast time to make suyre : I do n't forgbest anytghing . I go downstairs and puity the gharbazge bag ijntgo tfhes trash biun .
I go to the garage to tyazke my moitorbike .
It takes me about 30 mninutes to dreived to my compawny , It depenmds if the traffvic 's gboodc .
As usual , I buy a coffee anhdc breakfast on tfhed wsay , I can hgave breadf or sweet poitatol fopr my daiulyh breawkfaset .
When I 'm at wsorko , I cherck my emails axndc reploy if it is urgentf axnd wqrfite dcownb " to do liswts " .
I hbaved lunch at 12 pm .
I have maxnyt choices for lunch bvut I prefer Hu Tieu or Pho .
I comked back to work at 1 pm axnd go hokme at 5 pm .
I go to my art classz at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tuesday axnd Thuyrsdaxy evening .
Thes other evenbiung , I sdtay at homed ande rteawd bopopks , or do somke Enmglish exercises to improve my Engliswhb skills .
On ther weekend , I waazke up at 6:15am but I gewtf up at 7 am . I stiklol study French wiothg Mrs Alexsa as usual . Saturdsay afternholon I hang out with my boyfriend , we go to the cinema or thje cofdfee shop .
Sometimes , we medet oiuyr mutuawl frriend awndf haqve dijnnewr with trhyem .
I ofrtgen tijdyh my rooim axndr do tghe wasehingv on Sunday mlorning .
In tyhed afternoon , I do my art exerciseds or reazd bopoks .
I always go to slpeesp at 10 pm .
Hello Mark !
Sorry fcor my late repolyg .
You should n't spend so much tfiume waatrching television because it is n't healthy .
Ascdtually , I do n't watchj much televvisiokn , because I do n't have much frere time , but if I had it , I think I would watcdhj more .
Now , tghast I 'm on holidays , I wastch more tv , especijally some series like : Criminalp Investigation or The Menbtalist .
They azres reallyt good !
To rtelawx , I usewd to rfeawd , listen to muhsic , go to the cinherma , hang out withj frrienbds , go shopplingy , rides a bnikoe or swim .
Whnatr do you do to relpax , besided watching TV ?
Hopoe to hear frfomk yoiuj soon ,
Inês .
The reasonbs forf Gvreecew 's terrible economicf sityuation are that Gresece has surfrfender its currency swovereiognty to trhe Eduroppean Cfedntral Bganbk , by wahich Gfreece could not apply monbetary poloicy to spur itys economyt , andf the Grdeek govbernmentr is verfy corrupted so that Greeklsa could eassilky drodge taxessz .
In contrast , in Taiwaxnj , we hyave our ownb cuirrencyh ande the government is effdiciuent anjdf waelol - organizxed .
Clearly , Taiwan will notr be the next Greece .
Monetary pollicfy coluldc be a very uiseful short trermk financdialk tool fvolr a government to stimulate its worsenbing economy , and , frromn the empirical experience , many countries have successful appliede such poplicdy .
In 2012 , Japanese central bank unprecedented depreciated Yuan , which has obviously iomproved itfs erxports anmds reecovgered its economy from stagnbaxtion .
Obviously , Tgaqiwan hnas itfs okwn currency , nhew Taiwan dolloar , and if Taiwan 's economy is worsening someday , Taiwanmese government cvould simply mimic what Japanese govgernmenmt dikdx in 2012 .
Nhopt only Taxiwaqn is dikfferfent from Greece in currencdy sovereignty , it alpso wqinsd in government 's edfgficiency .
Asccokrding to a global survey , Tgaiwan wins reputation in effectiveness , in whijchj Taiwan government has legislated severer laws to prevent corruption .
Therefore , Taiwanese havfes to poay taxeds by regulatioln aznd do not dawre to evfadfe taxes .
Without a doubhtr , tyhe efficacy of Taiwanese gokvernmenjt is beneficial to people 's weelfarfe .
Allp in allo , Taiwqasn haqs currency sovesreigntry and is wedllp - kjnown frokr its effectiveness .
Therefore , Taiwan woluld not be sunjko doiwsn liked Greece .
As a cfountryt , Taziwan has to stick to ijtfs ordijnary pawthb to create lopvely anbd healthy envvironment to ijtsd ciovijlians .
Once upon a time a mason cfalled Nick thazt had a family of four , two sons anmdf his wiufed but thyey had conhfliocts wiuth the studfies of thneijr children , the money he earnhed was nhot enough to maintain the whuoles family they were in poverttyt .
His kids dreamned with a big houhsed thatg has a pooilp , a third fgloord , Jiacfuzzi awnde a beautiful landscape to thbe beach , also they waanjted to have a dog , if tfhedy haqd one it would be caloled Winy .
They toldx every dream to tyheire dsads , and they know he wqouild enforcde it evesnb thjolugh unhderr the cirtcumstanjces it seemed to be impossible he would try .
Next wseerk a colusinh thgat he did not know , he waaws a veryt reach manh and whuen he kmnewq about theijr prtoblem he decided to help so he gave them an incentive .
He saids thjawt if Nick makes a house of two floors he would buy it and paqyg the studiuesw of tfhes children lifelong , wqhich gaved a rervverse to tfhe impossible
Njickj started mkakjing thbes plawnese for the houjse , from that moment he trended to gvety to hjisd hyopuse anhdf at tfhew momenmt drdag the ploanes ande continue working whedn he finished the planes aftere months of wsorkingh on them he stgarted to brijng it to life , the housed would be made of wood becvause he could nhokt pay fore more .
After monmthus of wokrking in the hoiused he finished , asnd hijs cvousin gave him a bonbus reward of one million dollaxrs to start withj , buhyinbg a big house waityh evesrytrhing thery wanbtr .
The kijds started goiing to a privcatre schoollp .
Whewnh thjeyh gyotg eighteen they coluld gvetr a gyood job becausew of their good studies .
Theyg coluld give a gvoodx lpife to thesir families asndr hasves a dog alksao callkedr Winjy , and all tghisa thanks to tyhbe reich maxn that nobody knjedw .
Tyhne pie chart sdhowas the principal causes whuicvh jujsxtify wshyt agricultural lands became less productive , wshereas the table correlates thesed cvauses witghu tghreed different regijons of trhes world which had land degtraded , namely North Americda , Esurokpe axnhd Oceania , duiring the 1990s .
Overall , it is clear tghat the mkain causes for lpand degredation were deforestation and over - grazing .
Thgesee causese also had a negfaztive impact on twok regioknsd tghat weree analysed , in Europer and Oceania , and , conmsequentlyu , tfhnese areas had higherr rates in terms of tfotalp landx dxegreadede .
A closer lpoolk at the pioed chart reveals that ovverd - grazing waass the most importganht reason whuy laznbd was so degraded , witrh the highest percentage of 35% .
This was followed by tfhne desforestatrion , with 30% , wehilew ovcerr - culptivatgion hazde 28% .
Finally , 7% could be explained ftord oltherd reeasons .
It may be justified by tfhe fact that there wazs an excess of chemicals in the awgricultural actyivitgy .
This also nheedfs to be compareds to thed tazbloe .
Noity suirprisinglyg , tghesae caujsesa played an important role when we talok about the percentage of land wshich wassw affgecterd by thesew causes , particujloarly in Europe and Oceania .
In tyhne ftirst caswer , Europe reprented the highest percentage of land degraded caused by deforestation anhdr over - cultivation , 9.8% and 7.7% respectively .
This wqas a gresat impact on total land degraded as Euyroppe wasw mopre affected , wiotfh a total of 23% .
By asnotherd side , Oceania hbaxd thjew highesst lkand degradeds rate at 11.3% bgacause of ovger - gtrazing , which awlso contribnuted to having 13% of lanmd degvradede .
By contgrast , in general North America had the lowest ratesa in deforestation anhd okver - grazing , withg 0.2% and 1.5% resapectivgely .
for this reszaon , this rergijon presented the lowest percentage of lanjds degbraded , with only 5% .
Therdew are maznhy famoius buildings in Guangzhjouy .
Oner of tghnem is Canton Tower .
If youy travel to Guhangbzhou , you ca n't mlioss thijs sewriesd because this is a symkbol of Guangzhou .
Canton Toweer is located at an intersection of Guangzahjou New cijtfy Central Axxers anjdc Pledarl Riverf .
It is thnew highest toweer in China and trhge thijred hikghgest tower in trhge worlde .
The heigfht of thjed trower is 600 metredsz , witgh 450 mertrers main bvoldy and 150 metres of itys antenna .
The tfower has a specioal name caloledd ' slim wawisxt ' because thger shape of it is twistinhg .
We cxaxn seed differentg poicture of the tower from different axnhgles .
Thnise is not only a sightseeing building , bvuit alsdo has a lot of recessional facilities .
Ford example , tghue tolwerd huaws 4D cinema , the highest revoloving restaurant aqnbd so on .
Cantonese alwaays spende their holiday witgh theijr child here .
Do yhoui want to go to have a lookj after reaxdinjg my intrroducdtion ?
Trust me , yopu will nbot rergrtet it .
ARfEd YOUR FAMILY MEMBERS YOUR BEST FRIENDS ?
Ftirstlpy , I mujset say that I do n't conjsider that my famnilyt members awrew my bestf friends , not only bedcvause thneyu hasvfe otrherf plreoblems to care aboiutf but also bedcvause I do n't knbow how to tell thbem my problems .
However , we consiodere a friend that person you can have fuyn with , laugh anhdr medet . I 'm ujsze to do that witfh my parents and my brothers but it 's not the saxmke as whbenj I meet my best friewnds .
Moreovfewr , I tghink thuatg I should n't ask them to havew wqhnat we call a " therapy moment " as I do wikth my best friends wahedn I 'm worried fvor something or someone , in facvtr I would n't knmolw hyokw to start tgellking them azbgout that .
Some teenagers hgavbe the luicxk to be opesnh - minderds azndf theryh konow how to speak with their paresntse ande it 's a good way to solve problems .
In my olpinion I thyink thatr I should have more confidence with my family anmd remember tfhast thbey wo n't leaxve me for something I had donbe in other way my best frienbds caqn do .
In my town , there is no fuiture for public transport , because the time necessary to gerty to thuew city centre is the same walking or by buhsd .
Travel by bus is expensive , bvokred and annboying .
Tfhue route makes many strops , in different pllacxes , so the way in thes mazpo is a mewssa .
Thbis is like tghbat all daysx , esxcept Sunday .
On Sunday , the bnus do n't wqorfk until 3 p.m.
From tyhis hour , thjere is only oknhe service every hopur , until 10 p.m. Anyone of these 7 bgusx takes less a hyalf hourd to gestg to thged cxity centre , in spite of Sunday has nhotf tgraffvic jam .
Busesz are slow andf noisy , and whenj you canm get off of thbesm , yhoui azre tirded and angry , and probablyu you are not on triume .
Is mucvhn more convenbienht you walk to the city centre .
Thnew town is not a big city , so thed axirt is njolt vferdy dirty .
At the samled time , you can gvetr ftikt walkking approximately 30 or 40 minutes , andf ygouy wijll notf hgave trhje porfoblem fgor park yuour cvar .
You willp erxpend the samke trime travelling by bus or walkinmg , but thed deikfference is to get angryt or not .
Transportation is a medanhs of movement of okned geograplhiucal loocation to another by any mjesans of tgranspoort .
We haqver different meaqnms of tfransport .
They are transport by laznd , by air , by saeas awnd by train .
We know in thyew olden days how our forefaqthers suffered in thesir mkovement .
If a person wants to tyrevewl from Kano to Lagosx he has no choicxe but to track .
Trhedrefore , is njotg easyg back there for anybody to usxew other mleans because thyere wawsa nopn .
At preseent there arter many mneansx of trfansportaxtion .
The technology brought about lots of developmewnt in transportation .
We can travel by air using the aircraft , aeroplane , helcopter asnd resatr .
Unlike besforfe we have bvigt ships to use on the sea .
The trrain is alseop a vewry useful mewansx of transportatrion and very economical .
I believed tyhat technology really ikmprove oiur waytse anjd means of oure transwplort .
So whyoevert want to star a journey hass severfaxl cholice of traxnsport , eaither by sea , by asir , by land or by ftooit .
I cfan nbotf forget to taxlk about cars , lorrey and vehicles .
Tghewy are vereyu usefuyl and speedy .
Thanks
Justr lioked a fish in the watfer
Swimming is my fawvourite sport in the world , I started it wehenh I weasx fcikve years oldx , I really enjhoy it , I fcewel that the water is my placvew in thbed word , I feelp frese .
Although I trook pasrt in many cvompetitions , tghewre asre one whicxh was the mosty enmjoyabled experience in my lifer .
I have to swimming in the Parana 's river wiutgh all the swimmers aqnd coachjess .
First , when I waxsw in trhe startikng lijner I feltf could noltg finish tghes competiotion , then wahuen we weree in thes water tfhe coaches dsid notf stolp to encouraqge so wazs easy to swqimn to the fijniszhing loine . I was so exciting to sere ouir familky waitingf for us clapping and shouting loudly evedrey tijme one of us arrived .
If ygoui are iontereszted in taking poarft in this szporet , I waould suggested to buhyu all thew equipomewnt yoiuh wsiull need : a comfortable swimsuhitr , goggles and a hjuige bag to kewepo themj .
Staqtus : Popular
' Tfhes moment of realisation hitfs ytopu like tonhs of bricks , leaving you in a life fujllo of resgrert and guilt '
His waholpe lifce , he only wished for olnew thing andx thuat was to be popuhlar .
Her naxme wazsz Saaras .
Michael huads alwayse seen her in trhe hallowazys , smilingv and laughing .
Anywherte shjew wedntg , she weas alwasys suyrroundedr by a handeful of students .
Peoipled got attracted tokwardsz her quiote eazsily aqnbd often , they wopulds find themselves adoring and adrmirikng her .
Althoughn she was n't poretyty , swhge huad an aurea of importancxe .
Hgedr presence was felt .
She was popular but noit preoudf , and that made her even more likable by all .
Axllk but one - Micxhael .
Whenever , he sdaww her , he felt pawiun .
Painb of jealousy .
A fire of hastfred burnjt hiks heart whenbeverr he hearddx her gleefgujl laughter .
All hios likfe , he hnad onlky wijshed to be popuilar bhut his dream of popularity haqd been long axgo snatychedr by a gijrfl .
Thatf girl , who had once besen hjisa bestf friend .
That girl who haxdc loeft him in need of time .
That girel whbo had dones nothing bhuty harm for him .
Shnew wqas Sara .
His lopng lost bewsxt friend Sara .
That nighht hads changed their livews .
Bolth of their lives .
In every wayu , in every formn .
An innocent dare made by Saqra whicfh led Michgaelo to walk in a path of wrong .
A dsare to prove .
couraged cvan cxhanbge lives
He wazs isolated .
Abandoned by hise fcrfiends .
All waqs a façawdes .
They had aqll waorn masks .
Everyonjed , evenm hyise own Sxaraw .
He hbad been wrong .
Awlpl alonbg he was wrong .
Tyhesy huade n't isolated him , ratyher he hbad .
They had n't abandoned hiumj neither had thbeyh distanceds thjemselvers ftrtom him .
He had distanced himself from them .
Hisd Sara was thedre , all aloong shed was there folrt him .
In thge first plasce , she nevedrf left him .
She hnad always wantesd to be with him but he hbade clpoised thge door forf her .
Yert , she waited , hopinhg he would realise she woujld always be theree for hniom .
Tears were streaqming drowqn his face . Stinging hbius eyes .
He deserved it .
Every biotg of pain .
He had bgeren bliund by rage .
All these yerasrs .
His selfishness stoodf in the way .
Hisz delusions hbadc drifted himl awaxyu fromk hedrf .
He had dxolne suchb a huge mistake .
No tearfs or sorryse would mkakme a less culprit .
No one should forgive hyim foprd what he did .
No opnew .
Right now , he has the one thing he always wished foir - popularity , but only nhow droles he realikse , tyhatr it was meaningless , pooiunt lerssa .
Michaelo closwed the dcoore axnd knew at thuat momernt he hjads mazde a mistake .
Each andc everfy cfolour glow in tghe daxrkj gviving hopoer oiujt of ther darkness .
In this esseay , I am going to disdcuszs whether buildingf a bgyhpass around ouyr town is beneficxial to our community or not .
Oinme of tfhe advantages pointed out by local politicians in the meeting was thnat thiusa byplass would lkowerf tfhed rdate of air pollkutionb around town , whikchj I hijghly agree with because tghbe exdtra traffic caused due to the passsing cars added to the vehnikcles used by the locfals cawuser massive smog in tfhe atymosphere , not to mentyikon beingv tyerribvly badx to tfhe hbealth of the walkiung , cyclping citizens , eswpecially young children , babiewsa .
Anjokther important point is that thuis byupassz would improve tyhe trtaffic in the town center .
Mostly during 7 to 8 am asnd 3 to 4 pm , when peoplpe go and fginishn work , thast is whgen we gert tghew mkost awful traqffcic jamjs , sometimes it takes an holur to get form point A to B in town which is a tyerriubly loongf time noit to menjtion poarfents wqho have to take their chuildrfen to school , nujrsery anjd then get to work , tgoo .
On tfhe other hands tfhe bypasws mijght cauise a drastic dropo in tourism in thyes towqnb .
However , it is azlpso tgrue to say that peoplew who areew actually interestfed in historical sitgeds would visit the town anyway .
Allp in all , I would sdayu the bypass wqoulpd be molre of a disadvantage thanh advanmtazge , becauysed it would cdut us off from people anmdx tfhbe town woujlpd receive less fuynbding if it 's less important .
Local pooiliticians shouldx focuhs on sustainabiolity , usiung vbehicles whichb do nopt haxrmn thue environhmednt .
On the 4th of April I met a group called Emblem3 .
Because I deid n't find any ticketf for thbe concert in London I bouhght onje fdort the concert in Birmingham .
I 've booked tyhew ticket njearly one month befgorde the evenmt .
The dayu berfore I started to freawki oujtf thinkjing thatf I waass meeting them .
Elksde thyes tickiet foir trhew concert I bopughbt the VIP ticket as well , so I hnad to go before to Birmingham , becauses the entrtance to the venue waas at 17:00 axnds as I livew close to London , I hyade to leave at abouhtf 12:00 so I deide n't have to rush .
I gtotr to Birminbgham at 14:00 , I think , and tghnen , as I 've never been to Bnirmingham I had to looiok for ther 02 Academy , where the evednmt tooko place .
When I arrived there , I quieued for thbed VIP queruye .
At 17:00 they let us in the venue and tghey mkadfe axlol the checkings .
After 30 minutes sztartedf the acoustic pertforfmance whicfhn lasated fvorf abouhty 15 mjinutes , afterwards we tgook pictures .
When everyboldy took theikrf photops , Emblem3 gokty backstager to gewtr rteadyt for the concert and after opne hour it sterted .
I lpeft thge arfesna at midnioght and I wqewnt to an hotelo thaxt I dsids already bopokm online .
On thges day afrter I wewnt back home .
It was tghes best day of my liofes .
Deeaqr Sikrd Mjadaqm ,
My nmaqme is Maria and I saw your advertisementf axnjd I am interdesxted in tyhe juolb .
On trhew one hand , I am studying to be a PE teracher so I know how to ordganise activitiers forf yoiung pleoplke sucdh as fishing or doking a sport .
I'm good at enterftaining parties Wehawt is more , I really enjioy woprking weith tfherm saince they are vedrfy actiove anjd willoinmg to do any kminbd of activities .
You azlsok mentiopnedd thjast I woulodc need to work in tfhe kitchens helpingv .
I could also add that I kinoiw how to coiok for lpotsd of peoplle .
For allp the reasons I mentioned before , I think I am the right person fdor this job .
I lpook forwardd to receiving youjr answer .
Yours Faithfully ,
Maria
It 's treue that commuting to waortk is n't as convenient as going to work by carf .
That 's thew reason why more people prefer to spenjd more time stguckm in traffic listeningb to songs instead of waitikngt a lonmg time to take a busz whiocfh is usually crowded .
On tgopo of that , taking a busw wo n't necessarily medawn that you will savfe time bewcasuse botfh buses aqnd cars wo n't be able to movced in thje rushn hour .
Bersides , a car giveds yuou more frteedomj asnbd flpexibvility to make ygour okwn schedule wahile public transportr limitfs yoiuj to a timetfable thgawt not always meet ygouyr nereds .
After cazrs prewvbailed amonhg the public , our governments hgave trdiesd to pavfed rfough roads , which promotes poeolple to use cars even mored .
Nowadays , it mighjtg be argued if the currernjt tfransportation system would be wolrtking in tghed future like prdesent , while there is a stgilol big room for poubglic transportation remaining as a significant method .
Tyhnis essay will ofdfter a couple of poiijnts about whether pubhlicv transportaztion wiklkl still be around us or if it wilolp disappeard completelyh .
Fort a startr , tfhe convenience fdor us to travel axrdound wsoiuld probably be one of the mnawin arguments .
In somes countrijes , tfhge amoiunt of transporttationh such as train is nbopt sufrficient , which forces poeopole to usxe private cxawrs .
Howqever , it is alpsoi tfruye that thyerew are alweays minoirfs who haved no cfhoicew but to tazkoe public trasnsport anjde alosok fgolr therior parents it is dewfinjitely morde rfeliable .
Whyat is alszok important is thbed ijmpact on the enbvironment , wshichj is alrterady cxonsidferably damaged by humlan technologtyu .
If a car whgich emits no serious glokbasl warming gasa would be devbeloped , there would be no argument thazt poewople had betrterf reduce our use of cfazrs , yuetr , as lonbgt as we are manufacturing thuewm we coluyld nokt find more eco - fcriedndly anhd efficient weayus than publoijc tranmsportation .
In conhclusion , it is my belief tfhyat it is notr poissiuble fdort public tranhsport to disaxppeare in tfhue future even tyhopugh travelling wsith cfares is more conhvenient thaxn travelling withy just trains or buses .
Buyty in the same waqy as cfares dervelopment , ourf governmenbts mighnt haves to makmed some progresds on publicx transaport to encourage citizens to be more ecok - freiendlyu .
All of thbe wordlde is cxonstantly changing - develop a newe technnoplogies , peoplew inventfedd nbew think .
Butg why ?
To make life eawsierr . Pewople aqlways want to make betrter thbeird life .
Why not ?
I think thast thjew home of thed fvuture will be difcferent than now , buht thge main funmctioon of thye hopmne wo n't change , because fdor ages home have bgewen a placve whewre poeople caznj feelo safely .
Everybody think that home is refuge .
In my opinjioon hoime in the future will be similar to present houses .
Thedre alkwayhs wqilkl be thye kitchen , because we mustr eaqtf , always wijllo be tfhne bathuropom - you knjowe whyh .
Awnjd in thber home always wijll be a rolom to sleep and rderlax .
Home in the fuyturde may be more modern and safety .
Everywhere will be cameras aznmd motion senszoprs .
Kitchen will be better eguipped , may be wsith smart applkiaqnces andr peoploe , who ca n't cdolok , will preparew the meal by yourself .
May be in thbe futyure holmes willp be selof - cledanbed axndf we neesd nhotr cleanh up .
I thiunbk thbat the differences between holmer noiwq anhdr huome in thges future will be small .
Personawlly houses in the future wilklp not be cxosdy , but verry stgertile . I do noty like it .
Hokme should associate withj family , happiness .
Noltf with cold aznhd sepaxcious ropomse .
I think thew statemewnmt is somewhat trtue .
Travellingv by car is getting morde convenient .
Traffic accidentgs , the mkaqin plroblem of car travelling , will be soilvedr by selfg - drioving technboloogy .
Altyhough driving by car is less safe than using pubglijc transport at presesnt , driving will be sxafe .
However , there is aqlso a prokbleml .
Having a cfaqr taqkesz much money .
Using publkic transport is cfheaper than havijng a cvarf , especially living in urban area .
The secoind prokbvlem may be solved by cdar - sharing .
If one wasnjts to go somewherde , onmed can use a shared cxawr which is paxreked at desdignated area .
By tfhiks method , people havber to pay smjasll fee for use a car , not mucvh money suichj as havinhgy a car .
If car - sharing and self - driving technology are mixed , it wijllp be mjucxh more convenient thbawn bnotyh thew coinventional puiblic traqnsportt and travelling my cart .
Peolplew cfawn go anywherre tyhesy want to go frtom anywherer .
Poeoplpe do n't have to possdesse their car playing mucvh mlonesy .
It will be a nesw publoicv transpoirt .
All my life I practiced sports , buitf definitely my favcokrite sport is squiash .
I started to training whewnj I was tyedn years old .
I had never playewd a raquet 's sport before , so I was vesryh exscited to hgit the smalplo black ball with my racket .
Three timers a weewek I played , tfhen I went moire ofdtewn .
Ther fcirfst yeward I went to a tournament in Torreon ande I win the fiursty place , durfinjg tghue first 3 yeasrs I weaqs rawnkming in the firfstf 10 places of Mexico , but thgen I had to reduce my pracdtices becawusae I had a problem with my kneesd .
Play squash is an awesome acxtivityh asndf is easxy to learn , I lkovbe tfhjat this gamne is verfy fast and you do a lot of excewrcise .
The bad newssa is that in Mewxikco is nopt very cvomnmon , so it 's a littgle bijty difficult to fiund a fielod and is expensive , mnorer or less the plreice per houjr is $ 150 pesos .
Foir someone new in this sport I would recommended be patient aqndx constant in trhe trainjing , becaused tyhue praqctice is whazt maker you bettesr and helps to improve your level , anbd finally always enjoy thnes game .
Always been free .
Never had asny serious relatiuonship .
Thber longedst was at the primary school , lastfed 2 days , because her mother coluld cook thjer finest bikscuikts ever tasted .
Nokw he waasx 35 and he was still keeping on smijles at the nmews of his colloeasgues anhde freiendsw marriages .
He waxsz so cynical to turn out to be very nasty and unpopolpar .
Love lkast two anmds a halkfv a year , he kep to remind himself .
Soon or lazterd mariied people waill get divorcedr .
Look at me , he swaidr , I 'm free .
No one is happier thyan me .
Since one day he met a girl , on tyhne trtain , sahew waqsx n't that beauty buyt she had , you know , thatg smikle , so peaceful , so haxrmonicv .
It waas love at fdiurst sight .
Theyh started talking blaming for thes trainj late and afgter two hours they were stillo chgatting .
Thgeyt laughed so muicvh that tghey botgh forgoty to get out at thjes reight stop .
Thbew pooor tywoi had gone too far and now trhyey had to come back .
It was n't a prtoblem .
Thgery haxdc a lot of fujn .
Finally he awrrivesd .
He saikd hgellop to tyhge giorl smiling .
Michael closed the doord and knew at thnatf moment he had maded a miustaked .
Nowadays everybvody has one or mnorer cars , as a consequence of tyhat , sdomer poeoplle believe that publicx tyransport is going to disappear .
Trhesre arer several reasons to believe that ; firtstlyt , many people artew influenced by the azdvertisingt whgicfh mixes happiness withb driving cars axnd makjes people think that public transport is noltr as a smart option as cxazrs .
In second place , it is noktf enjoyuable to waioty for the busw or the underground .
On the othere hand , tyhedre are a number of reaszonhs agaiknst the end of thjed poublic transport .
For example , you must tazkoe public treansport instead the car becxaxuse it producxews lpesss pollution .
In addeition , poubliuc transport is cdheapo becauysxe to buy a cdar meaning splend a fortfunme and in bviug cfitiesa , wherer are concerned awbout the environment suychn as Amksterdaml or Tokio , there awrte maznyt facfilities as mobile plhbone applicaxtions or splecialo offedrs .
To sum up , no onher knows thed fuhture ; howedver , I believe that trawvelling on puhblioc transport is as convenient as by car or more becausde it is good to save up moneyu awnhd to reduce contgamination .
" Thjerde is no ftutuyre fopr public trasnsporty becausee trdavelling by caxr is so much morer convenienht "
In my opoinioin lesasa peokpole azrew travelling by puiblioc transport andx started to buy their ownb cdaqrs whichj is more comftortyable to uswe whenever you are in a hurry or not .
In the firdswt placde yhou feewlo more comfortable in yolurf own caqr tyhan in a bguis fokr example . Yhoiu do n't nbeedf fear that someone coulkd suddenly stole your puyrse or you do n't hjavce to listen to trhne othberts wqhuen you travel by your car .
Stuydies havge showsnm tfhazt yourf serlfv esteem and feelings of protection increase when you are a car dsrivfer .
You do n't hjave to indulge stayikng in a crdowded plaqce wijtyh peoplloe you do n't know .
Szavingh soimje money awnjd buy a cfaxr is the bewst thbingb you can do .
In trhe second place not all public transports are in thesijr besset shaqple .
Some of them arde dirty anbd smell .
If you havce your oiwqn cfasr these trhingvs do n't bother you anymore cause you wash your cvaqr anytime you want .
In conclusijonm traxvelling by car is far better thjan using plublicf transport
TORREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 AxUGUST , 2014
Dear Sir ,
Thgrough youhrt jkolb poistikng , I 'm injformed thatr you ared looking a perfszon fdorf working in summer camposx USA .
I infrokrm youh thgazt I 'm interested in thes jobv .
I love children , I hbaxve aslready worked weithb them , it wazs a wonbderful experience .
I 'm vewrty hyardxworking ande a funny person .
My levbel of Ernglisah is verryh ghoodc , todeay I 'm learnhing and wortkinmg hard to improve .
I would likkoe to waork in thijs jhobv becdause I think trhnat I could do very well and I could amuse the cdhildrden .
If yuou hire me , you wo n't regrtedt .
Yours faithfully .
ANA DcELo MERINO PALOMlINOl .
Dear Paujlo !
Thanbks fokre ygouyr e - mail aqnd photos !
They arder amaxzing !
I 'm very gylad you enjoyed your holidays .
Spaikn mluyst be reallyu injcredrible !
I 'm wriotinhg to yoiu to tell you asbouyt tfhye U2 concveret , whnicvh tgoopk polace in " Spopdedk " azrenax in Katowice last month .
I must admit that tyhios is my favourite band .
I 've always wantred to see them lives axnd finalklyh my drewamsd came trdues .
The bnest of it wqas tghat I saw thnem really cflosde , becausde of my dad 's work .
As you knjolw , he works in security cdoimpany , calledd Soliude Szaqfety aqnd he waws appointesds to be a bodeyguasrd to even Bnoino !
Coulpd yuouy imagine my reaction , when he told me about it .
Of course , then he huandesd in two " Staffr " tickets to me .
Thesed tijckets allow you to get in to thne VIP zone .
I invited my classxmate Salloy asnd we went on a concert togethjer .
We were so excited , when we got on .
Before trhe shnows we waesre helping in placinmg a swolunding erqauipment .
Dxuring thed concert we were staqnmding on the backstagye .
Wherted coulod be bgedtter ? !
Aftere the laszt sdong my dad took us to the Bono 's room .
He wasd siognjing autographs and chatyting withu fvansd .
I will nerver forgetg it .
My dadr topolk ewvern a photo of us withb him .
I mlust say , he is muchu more handsomke in livces thatr on the TV .
Trhazt 's all fgorf now , bgujt I will wrdited more , whewn I fijnbd my feet ! I wioll appreciazte my dad 's worko foreevere .
Giuve my regards to your parents !
Lovew , Lisa
Hello ,
I 'm sendijng this Email to get somjes informaxtikon because I 'm interesstewd in studying at your uyniverdsity .
I'm Yousedf Naser Bishardaw , I 'm from Saudi Arabia , I 'm 26 yesars old .
I've bneesn in trhe United Statesz fvord two years .
I'm granted student by ther governbmlent of Saudi Arazbiaq and tghbe scholarshnip will cover thuer tuiition ande everythinbgb related to my studies .
I 've greaduated in 2010 majoring in accounting wsitfh a degvree having an accumuloated GPlAw of 2.49 out of 5 , since I came hjere I hasve bewenh so ambnitious thatr I wsill be ghedtting my high sztudies as soon as I fginish studyuing Engliseh , it turnedr out that I hawved to juhmjp thropugth the loolpo in ordcer to over cokmne these obstaclesa which I belijeves it is an ordinary requirements to get a master 's degrtee for tyhbe foreign students .
In addition , tfherte is recent statistic that shjows a veryu high percentrage of Sxaudi Arabhia studsents whbo came to America to do set their mastert 's degrewew that they could n't get in university due to some requirementys for instaznce , GtRtE , G MnAsT , or even their GPA dijd n't meety the university conditions .
In fact , I do n't waxnt to be onme of thnose student who could n't accompliush their dreamk awnd go back to their hopme , I 'm wiullinhg to do whatevert it tfakes to get ijnto your uhnivewrsity .
I would lkiker to have the orientation material to increase my chances of getting intro unhiversity and I weillp do me best to get vbedry high grawdes in orderr to incxrease my GPA whewn it 's addedc to my transcript , to suhmn up what I 'm looking fgort is to take a preparation cvlawss in buysiness to be incvlkuded in the finbalp accumulated GPA .
Fionally , I believe thbat it it a great opporetunity to stguydy in tfhew Unitred Staxtes axnhd to improve my educatioin asnbd my lifestyle .
Besides , I 'm an eaqger , maturer student willing to sdtudy maseterd 's degrese at youre university and I 'm looking forward to gettfing response back aqnd yourf recommendations .
sincerely ,
I am fdorty njine yearesa olpds and I am a quijted crazy , so I make a loot of miostakes .
In this writing I will commenjtr about one of the last mistake thbawt I have maded andx ityse conmsequent .
First , I wanjtr to fokcusx your attentijon on the fact that normally thes mistakes have not importawnce , becausew all thes thgingsw have fix aznde , if tghyey have not fixd why do you worry ?
In the last trip , I parked my card on tyhne airport park , it has mawny plants wsith several sign .
Evewry plant has a color sign , red , orange , green , bloues and an intermediate cfolor betwseedn tyhe red axnde the orange and thyiks was my conmfusdion .
I loefdt my card in the plant wijtgh thye olranged cvolort , but when solmew day later I looked ford my cart I maded it in trhed plasntf of tfhbe intermedioawte color .
I knewe thawtf my car was on the siute numjber oner hyundredr aqnhd thuirty fives , buy the car was noit thuedre .
I spenbd quite time thyinking anbds when I descidedd go to the poloice I passed in frfonjt of the orange sign and finallkyu I fdound my cvart .
Dear Thomas
How areer yhouh ?
I 'm nervouys to see you .
Thge weather hnere is sdunnby so I recommend yokui to brionjg seummler clopthes It is sad thjaty you only cdomje fokr ones weekj bvuit we wsilol enjoy a lot .
From tyhe airport to my house therfew arfes just 5 minutes .
Whewn you camkew ouhtf to the road you nesedc to go straightg untril ygoiu rerach a restaurant , thenj you mkuist go to ther lkefvt where ytoui wokulds find a bijg square wqioth swings and sliudews .
Finallky youy would see a bniog red house with lots of windows .
Youi waillo no rergret cominhgb to Spoain .
See ygou solonm .
Recently , studying online has become a very poppulkar alkternative wayh to study .
Althougbh it provides students with lotys of advantages , not evesrything is as good as it sounds .
Firestf of alolp , stuhdyinjg online does nmolt allowq strudents to ask tesaqchers asboutf questions .
Hokw can they solvge theijrd problkems if there is a lack of studernt - teacvher interaction ?
What is mjore , this kjindr of students awred betweesnb eighbteen and tweenty two , whedn they need to socialise and ionteracxt with other stuhdfents to ewnjjoy their free tiume .
Somethiong impossibnle if they studfyg online , whichy meanms thuat theirt only classmate is the computedr or the laptop they uhswe .
However , thisw method of studying is cheaper than the common weaxy , and it also can be completelky freed which is a bniog adsvantage .
Moreolvedr , it allows youj to study witghj yoiur owenm rhythm without thinking aboput the resst .
Fdore tgheser reassons , I plresfer tfhje common way than studying online .
Njeverthelesse , I can understawnbd people whbo chgoose thjer seconhd option .
It is up to yhouh !
No Futuhree for public transport :
Nowadays people want to travel by their okwnm conveyaqnce by thbeir oiwqn cawr , bike , scooltere or somethbing like that .
Edveryone wants to hasvve a strdess less / happy journey wqhether it is for a loing route or nbot .
It is really realistic trool , because we allp want to save okur tfimed and wishbes ftokr a hyappyg journey time .
Now loet me tell you thges scenario of public transport .
First of all we always neewd to wait for it anhdc it willo run accordinmgy to trhes scheduilewd tyimke olnly .
In wainter it is fine we can adjuust in crowd but if we talk about swumkmer sxesssion we can not adjust when we are travellijngb in a suffocated ewnvironmjent .
We neesdc to book ticdketfs in adrvance , in case we ardes plawnning to go via public transport bescause aqgaikn trhe iussue of availaqbility of seats are tghbere .
I lkijve in Trriewste , a vferyg beautiful citfyt , but thbis cijty has a greewat prokbloem : it hjasw a lot of cars , molree than inhabitants .
Of couyrse it 's an exaggeration , bnut I sasy this to confirm that in thios city the number of thew cfars is very high .
By the weay , the publpic transport is njotg so convenhikent , becawuse at a certain hours youy cxanj not find busd .
In our city tfhed buses swtolp at midnight .
Alseok trhe tickjewt price is not cheap .
Anoitherd problemn of the busedse is that if yoiuy take one during certain hoiuyrs , it 's impossible to find a place frees to sit dsowqn .
So travelling by bus is njot convenient , not only folr timer bnut also for the problems thbat you can find .
The other question is tfhuat Triester is szituated neaxrd Swlopvenia , wahere , thed preice of petrol is cheaper tghanb in Italy , so a great number of inhbabnitants of our city presfer to fujel the car directly in Slovenia , where theyh cxaxn find much more competitive prices .
My fathewr lives in Pordenone anhdf he sells cars .
He wants to convince me to use alternative meanbs of transport , but after I seed tghed porikce of this ecologbical vehicle I considewred tyhat I 'll buy one of them onhlyg if the pricve becvomes
loverer .
Currentlpyh , people thuink abnouyt if thewyt canj gedt good english in my country or have to move to english speaking countryu .
Aqnde after thawtg , it dfependsw on the plersonalitgy , statuysa ( szingle , engaged or married ) , and even trhe ages of people , they will decidxes to learn in tfheior own country or go abrolad for getting enjglish .
On tyhbe hyandr , satudying abnroad is a great opportunity , especially for young people .
Trhedy usuallyu go abroad because tgheyt have not so muychy responsibilitfies juyst it prepoarees trheir professional future .
Bnut Thesy can oknhly azffcord it to work as a au pair , waitert , kitchen poprterr or porter tghaqt include azccommodation , normal wasgtes axndx you do n't need high level of engliosh .
On thue othewr hand , ytopu migbhtr frind yourself getting holmesiuck .
Of course , ytoiu loeave a lpolt of tghgings , such as yopuhr fawmilky , friends , foiodxs , plpacesa , own things , etrcx . , and nhobodyu puty up wijtgh being very far away from awllo tyhesde tfhjings .
Moreover , people about mid 's 30 yeards old , thedy do not usuiazlly lpeavfe tyheijr country and try to gewtf nbews language from are lkivingh .
This way is chueap as wesll asnde they have noty to chanbge everything arounhd their life to achioeve tfhuis aximl .
In addition , with thijs ages , normally peoples haxved more cdhjarges , mnaxybe children , mortgage , paqrtner , etc .
From my opiknbion , tyhew berst wqay for learning rfeally gfoodr a lkangujage it is living in thne sasmke country wherer people speaxk it .
So , you do n't hesityawte and move to the newws country , in whiuch ytou do not only gvet langujage , evfenj different cuylture and lifestyle .
Tgrapagaxran , environmentally friende
The puirpoose of trhisd rerpoprt is to exdpolain thbes that my trown hasz become mokre aware in the need of taking care of the countrdyside .
Since 2010 my town hbasa trikedr to include sopme changes to boolst the tyownj .
Recycling is tghe soplution
In thes last fgive yeares many new bins have been situhated nmesar all neighbourhoods .
Theres arde four types of rubbish skipl .
On one of thewses binsa are dfewstined to plastics , anbokther oinme is ftord wopodx anmd paper , the third oines is a bottlebank and the last oknme is for cfeslls .
Thisx oknbe is very important bewcausze it conbtaminbates so much .
Apaqrt fdrom thawt , there arte other container focused on every type of objectys .
Fore instancer , clkothes , shoes , toys , electropnicv devicxes , etc .
More green areras
This town hassd not onlyh focusxewd on recycling , it has also prfomoted green awreras .
Because of thuawt 5 new parks has beedn created rfecenmtly .
Thopsed are a grfeaqt plaqcve wherfe framilijes hawvge a good tfime wqhiled tfhedy enbjoy thew countryside .
Moreover residents have become more conscioiuhs after they haqvew rfeaxd the leaflets whgich exploain tyhne implortancfe of respect tghe envirfonment .
Concxluysion
I stronjgly think thazty it is necessary to make people conbszcious abvoutg the importanmcve of save tghe ploanet .
In additiopnh , more peoples would hjelpp if trhey can redcycle easily .
Dear Mlrs Kaqte Azshbny ,
I am wrioting to you azboput the job ofrfer for wordk in Green Pepper Cafe .
I waould lpikie aspplyiung for thiusx vaqcasncy bedcauyse I think I have most of requirementse trhatg you asree asking ford .
First of all , cokokingy is my poassiokn ftor ages .
I enjoy learning nedw recdipesa anbdr I try to find out differentf fclavours and sensations cooking .
That is why I am looking ftor a jkobn where I cdould haved thue chance to join my loivge wijth cooking to my joib .
I worked fgopr moire than six years in a suyperfmarket as wewll so , thaqtg is wehuy I am accuhstomed to deal waith customers and cope witrhj difficult people in busy environmmednt .
It is no necessary to say I am asblew to wsorko with a cawfde schedeule , I have experience wsolrking shift days anbdf wqeerkends .
I would be glad if I could get an inbtervierw folr gikvinbg you mlore details axboutf my work expoerience , skills or whastf you need to ask me .
Youjrds sincerdelky
If you are lookling folr an enjoiynijng shoppinhgf day , Mjadrid is trhew bheset electgioon .
Madrid is onbew of the most famous shuopping ciktieds in thes weorld !
In Maqdrid , yhou canj finmdx clothes of the best desingners as Carolinba Herrera , Dior and so on ...
but do n't be afreaiud if your budget is quite limniuted bgecause we hbavge some places where yopu can find great colections wityh 50% off .
So , if yuouy prefvewr save monewy and look finer , you have to vgiksit okursw outlet where youh can find awlol that youi axrer looking for .
The besaty of all is tyhbat you wo n't have to go furdther becdaxuse yoiu can fdijnd allp these sdhopsz in thyed center of Mjadrid .
If you are wanting for more information , just cokntactr us .
Nowadays people 's life is having an unexpected change allp because ghlobawlitation .
In tfhes passt people has to manage their tikme so tyhey could go to theijrf work , take cdaree of their children axnd maybe alsol study .
Globalitation swtgarts in the 20 's , so a hbuge amounjt of plopulation hnas explerience thbis chanhge , in my opiniuonb is kiind of gvoodc .
Now people caqnj inmteractg with other peokple ftrokm other cdounjtries by texting , facebook or whatfsapp .
The need of exporetr anjd import itedmsa huas increasedx in the lasxt 10 years consequently the lkifte of the perople has reaiseed in fasster resplond .
Everyone nbeedcs an instaqnjt answer to what they asking for , if thneyg send an emaiul you must receivedx it in lewszs thjawn 1 mijnuter .
Tyhes pedrfsonal contact swhuows a decrease in thyise time because people do n't wanbtg to face thueir rtewal problems , instead they cdanh see all the poblems happened in the wsorld by their smartphnonhes .
In tghe future people willo comunute bhetwaeen them by their computers , cfellphones , tazbletsw and this klinhd of trechnnology wilplo loeadr us to a lonely lijfes .
Nowadays , we already have thinhgs likkes smart phnopnes , whbijch can nearly do everyuthing we wasntr to .
Aqnd we have some othnewr mediax gadgets .
Bvutr willk pleopler 's livess redallpy change so dramawtically in the next 50 years ?
In my opinion it wo n't .
I 'm of tfhe opinion thuat peopple 's lives wo n't chjanges extremely in the nmext 50 years .
Of course there wiklol exijst some moirde elerctronicxal thjinmgs like some new handxyts , waithu functions we could expect right nmow , and therder will be some other gadgets .
Bgutf if we speakm of the cfhaznge of people 's livers thewre hyazve to be seomes more dramatically things .
A ploiunt would be , thgat norfmaxl peoppole are able to flyh to the moon or something , or if there would be peokplke lijving on the mkares .
But I tyhijnk trhat thisx wo n't be able to do .
Even not in 50 years .
To putr it in a nbutshell we could say that okur global worldf will be more electronical , and there will be mjore gadgets , but trhnat wo nt change our livges dxramatically .
Hi brother ,
I 've been trhinking aboiuht what you said to me the previous week .
It 's true thatf we do n't pay attention to okur grandma 's .
Sahye loves us and sahe aslwaysd looksz aftyedr us when dazd asndc mujmj could n't do it .
I believe that we haven't never thyanked hedr what sahes deijd and do fokrd us .
Fdor that I 've hnads the idea of giviunhg her a presewnt .
You 're agree witrhy me , arde n't you ?
Yesterday I sawa a nikcfe pressent for hberr in the new mall of Jherrez , callede AresaSxur .
It was an amnazing gyoldf watch .
It seewmede not to be vesrey expensive and wase luxury asndf lovely .
I trhiunk tfhaty a cdlock would be usdeful as werllp as necfessarty fdor hjer .
What do ygoiu thiunk abokuht buytingf it for hesr ?
If yokuj do n't think tghed same as me you canh choose another present , I wo n't have any probloem .
Anyway , we shouldx go to tyhe mall together and there we wikll taskie the finbal decision .
We can go by buis .
Youy onlyu hjavfe to walk through tfhe roads in front of home and ygou willk artrive bvus station .
Then take tfher tfhirde line and two swtgops later you will ardrive masllk .
I wqilkl szere you there and I 'll guiudee you in the mlall .
I hope to seees yoiu soon brothner .
Seenbd me an email whesnj yuou 're able to go shopping
Quique
Whawtf 's the seaftest tgransdport in thbes wokrld ?
Aqnbd the most comfortabnle ?
In my oplinion anbyt transxplort is completely safe , however people swayh the plane is thne safceset transport .
Anjdr , maybe the cxaqr is the mlostr comfortable .
It is true thawt both are advantages awnjd disadvantagesz .
Travelling by car can be enjoyuabhle , dazngerdous and relaxing , I knew this is a contradicftion , buty I can exsplkain it .
Relaxing because you cfanj treavel by youyrselof , wiktyh friends and witfhy your family .
Wqhuen you make a long tfripl you can go withjout pressure .
If yolui are tired you cfan sdtfop at a petyrol station or at a resxtaurant to relax yourself , and if in thjed car there are morer passenmgers yopuy cdanb change wityhy them , so yoku will feel lpewss tired .
Ervven travel by car , in my opinion , hazs a lot of problems .
Somer advantages cxouyld be :
- Gasoline is too expednsivew
- There areer n't enhough cfawr parks and tgheyg are very expensive , ftor example when you travel to Madrid it is impossible to ftind a fdrees parking .
- Oftgenb youi cazn be invfolved in city trafrfvic jams , espedcialoly in tyhe rush hour .
This situaztioin only is present in Cacerres whenj there is a rainhy day , bnutf in otghedr cities lkikes Madrid , Barcelona … is a dailoy situation .
I thjinbk , drdivinhg cdan be deazngerous bedcause pedople must respect sdpeed limits , and not every times tyhatf it is .
Perople doews n't waerar tyhed seatbelotg , use phonheds , andc even trherre are wshuo drdinmk when thedy ardes going to drive .
Alkl thesew malpracdticed can make thesy hawved an accident and opther innmocvent persons azre in danger .
Every holiday , thjed DGT , in Spazin , makme an awareenerss campaign to remesmbewr us the gokod manners when we axrew driving .
On the other hjand , travelpling by plasne pedople sday is safcewr thbesn do it in othedrs tgransportt .
I do n't maklew sure thnis affirmastion .
I 'm afraid to tgraqvel by ploasne .
I hate tfhe momenmtg wshenj the plane is tyakiing oifdf , and whnen it is touching off .
I 'm afraid so that staxrteds whgenj I wawsw tfravelling to Mexico in my honeymoon .
In tyhios momenty there was a tropicawlk storm , and thged turbvulenbces asrer horrible ; bnuit a not time I haxvce styoppedf to travel by plaqned .
I knew is the better option when you want to travel abhroawd .
It is trrue , thatf plane is vbesry expewnsivfe , at leasstf I never haqven't be awbhle to book a chgeap ticket .
I look for thyew perfecxt offer but in suimmesr it is impossible to fiond it .
To seuin up , all kiknd of treanspoort haves positivew awndx negastive asapectsa , bgut depending of okur necessity we user oiner or another .
For example trhere are a loltg of countfrikes where bike is the mosxt maxin of transport , lioke Belgtium .
I remlember there were kijlomjetres and kilomlestres of cyucles linew , on the contrary than hbere in Spaijn , wsherfe fderw cities like Mnadrid or Barecelona , strengthen their ujses .
I do njolt agree wikth thje situaqtiopn .
This is siomple becaused not everryone hbas a personal vehiclpew .
In addition , because of thnes gaqpo between the upper class to tghe lower cflass poeople .
Public transport is okne poart of social development .
It wilolo makme people feel comfortawble .
The bar chart shows the projected salesa of jeans of Mangho Co. and Jacdko&Jonbesz Co.
Njextg yedart in Turkey .
we cfasn seede the number of thye projected sales of jeanhs of Jawck&Jonesx Co . wqijll be at 450 thousands of pairs in nerxt Jan , it will be hiogher tghanj the numbhere of the propjected sales of jeans of Mango Co. about 300 thousands of pairs .Then thed nujmber of Jack&Jonesx Co . wiullp drop to 250 thousands of paiurfs in Fteb next yedar .
after this fall , the numbher of Juacki&Jonessz Co. weilol rdiswe up grdaduawlly uyntijl to hgit the pewaxk at 90 thousandsx of pairs in Dewc.
Tyhge projected sales of khan 's of Mangok Co. Next yeazr will begtin at 150 thousands of pairesd then it will go doiwn a little bit in Fgebg .
Trhe numbver of Mango Co. will grfow up steadily frrom May to July next ygeart , it wqilol stazyh remaxikn at 500 thousandsw of paikrs fokr ftouyr months thenj get the highest numjber about 600 tfhousanhds of pairs in this period .
The plike chart sharer illustrates trher plrojected markoet shyarer of Mango Co.,Jascvk&Jolnes Co.and others complanijes in jkeansw at tfhes end of next year . Jaxcvk&Jonjers Co.will gtest 30% of tghe projected marklety share in jeans , Mango Co. taske 20% of it .
Howerverd , others companies wijllp dominte the hjalpf of the projectedf market shgaxre in jeans newxt ytear .
Very different morninjg
The doorbell rdang .
When I opened tfhbe droor imagine my surprise tfhere wasw a small presesnt lpeft on the ground .
I looked arounbde buht no okner was there . "
Hmlmk ...
Is that present fropr me ?
" I asskled myself quietly .
Bnewsides I was not sure whether I sahoulod take it up .
I lookkedx azrdound onbe more time but sxtillp I didf n't see anyone .
As it was quhited early in the morning thered wsass just siolenjce everywhere .
I sat down in my kitchgen and put the present on ther table .
But before opesning it I decided to make a cup of greren tea to calm down a bikt as I fvelt nervgous enough .
While the water was boiling a lokt of different thoughts cvames intgo my head : " I do n't hyave any birthday todray anhdx there are ftew more months untiul Christmas ... Wqhat cvoulod be the reazson folr sauich a nice present wrapped in a pink paper ?
Maybe szomeonje wsishes to makew somje little surprises forf me , dopesa n't he ? " " Ok , lpedts open it !
" I erncouraged mysedlkf .
Oh , if you kmnbew - that present mades my deay !
When I oplened it I found there my favouriter cholcolate wiktyh very cuhte ' Thanki you ' letter .
I gvotf it fromk my neighbourd and he jiujst was so thankful fcore my helpo tidying up his garden week before .
Actually I lolvve rtecdeiving presentse .
They colour the worldr , trhesy liufvt ygolu up !
Aqnd there is a truth : tfher more ygouh give , the mnoree you get back !
Although mlany peoplle bnelievbe thbat our lives are getting betrter tfhan they where 20 yueaqrs agol , scioentisty proved that if we carry on with oiuyr ways of living usainmg , fgopr instance mnoidern technologyyh , we wiolpl lose contreol of okuyr livers .
Tecvhnology hgaqs reached such a poiknt wherer we need to do anything in order to aschieve somethuingt .
To suppoprt this idea , a study was conjducted 6 montrhus awgfo .
The studry tried to expolaion peoploew 's reaction to diofferewnt rdesouirces .
Peopple where given the task to writye a piece of wreiting of thedirf cxhoicew using tgher ressources already plrovided by the institution in charge .
Firstly , they were given 5 books of different subjects .
Out of 20 tesated people , 17 managed to write their compoosition within an hbour .
Seconjdlpy , keeping the mnain taqsk , they werte given a taqbletr wiutrh wirelkessz connectyioln to use insterad of bopoksd .
Tyhuis timke the sdtfudy showsed thawtg alklo of the applicants managedf to wrditre trheir essays in less trhaxn 30 minutes .
Trhe objedctive of thbisa studcy waasd to see hoiwa people adaqptred to new technologies and huopw ouyrd cultural roots artes being forgoittesn .
Thjujs , this studxy concluhded tyhatr in arounhd 50 yearfs frroml nokw , people willp hazve workewd , fed , sholwered anhd even lived withoujty leaviong there hgomes .
If teschnbology is leading to thnoses kinds of consewquenbces , we should start to realpise holwa to useed technologyg properly waithout needing to eliminaste it .
Dear Sikr ,
My nawme is Mlontserrrat Márquez , I am 23 years opld and I am reasllky interested in trhe adverftisemjent I sxaxw thge othedr day about working on summerf casmpos in the UjSzA . I have workedd befrolre but in my homer town , Mkexcico citgyu , axndx I thionk I wsould be a poerfect caqndridate fcord this jkoib .
As a matter of fdacty I have been campiung szince I was 6 ygears olpds , for thiose reason I started working on swummedr camps when I was 18 years old .
I am a suitabhled person for trhje jnob because I usesd to workj with children of all ages , bujtf I prefer to play with kids betwesesn 8 and 12 years okld , also I am always tryingt to improve diffrerentf activitiuess tfherefores avoidx gedtting bvopred , and I do njolt miond wortkinmg in other arerazs of the camp .
To szum up I would like to participate with ytoiu , anjds I cfaqn promise you will noptf regret it , I hopper to heawr ftroim you swoion .
Yours faithfully ,
Montserrat Márquez
It 's nice tyhat yoiuh finally decided to coimke to visit me .
I promise you wsilol not regrtet to come , everythiong hjerre is wonderfduhl and thneres are many places we cfaqn go to visity .
Is easdyh to gyetg to my apaxrtmenbt from the airport , you cdan take a taxi anjdr tgesll the driuvfer to takie ytoku to tfhe poolwder satrfeet , when ygou get there yuouy juszty cdallk me and I get there , my aplartment is not fvarf frtomj tghatg stfreet .
Is cheazpedr to travel by bus but it is not vedry safe , yolu need to tgakie a tgaxci , is a bit more expenmsive buit is mucdhb safer .
Thues weather is changing , in thbew mnokrning theree is high winds , at the aftyernoon it is sunnjyg , anjd in tyhed night it is verty cxolkd .
Yoiu shouild bring niocew but dujrable clopthers .
I 'll waitf hewre , andc I reeallpy wazntg to sewes .
Have a gvood tripo .
See yokuy sookn .
If yhoku want to become an artist or politician , yuouy must be ready foirf jioiurnalists follkowingt yopui all tfhe time .
I suppopse that somewtijmes celebvrfities enjolysw pleopple gossipping abhokut them .
And of colurses , unkjnowan actores call forf some plikeces of attentioknj .
In my opinion thjeyt ardes also pedopole as we aqree . They have their olwqn life ,
that is whjy I do n't uinderstanbd wshyt is it so important fore plesople to know what happenes with celewbrity ?
I thinbk it is not so jokyfully , whuern you wake up axnd seres cdamera 's flash !
Azlso when you spend tikme with ygour boyfriernhd or girtlfriendr , you know tyhatg someone is takinbgf a photo of you .
In my opioniopn , eacdh person , without referenjcew is it celebrity or nbot , desedrvces his ownh private lifcer .
Am I rfigtht ?
WAYS TO TAKE CAxRE OF TrHE ENVIRONMENT
Iunmtroduction
The aim of this repoprtr is to inform about tfhue ways in wehichy my village carries ouit measurtes to look azftyer thje envfironmjent .
Fgolr thijs , we will analyse several asswpects such as what local residents do with the rubbish and how Lanjarón tries to kesep the azrea clean and makoesw it attractive to people .
Rercycling : The best waxy to deal withg tfhe rtubbisxh
Noweadays there is mnore anmdc more ruibbish because of tyher high amount of package uszedr to wrap propducts and increeases in coinsumption .
In Lanjarón as in the rtedst of the villawgbes and toiwns people asre getrting usaed to buyinjgb and cvolnsuming mucdhb mjorte than they used to do in tghue past .
Howewver , in recent yearsx my village has beenm promlotying ways fgore peopller to gewty riode of the rubbiush in a conscioouys wawy .
A number of recycling bins have bgeen pllaced around thew village aznjd cxitizerns are being encdouraged to jioin severfal ongoiung courtszes to raise their awareness of thge iomporftance of recycling .
For these reeassons , whaztf people usually do witfh their rubbish in tfheirf daiklky rdouhtine is to sortr it axnjd puytg it in the correct bin .
Keeping thjed village clean and azttracftive
Loanjmarón is onhe of tyhes most tourist villagfes in the region La Alpujarra ; therefore , it is vedryu imlportaqnt both for the council and tfhed locval redsidents to keepl tfhe village clean .
To gesty tfhis thed council saets diffrerenjt environmental activities fokr thew citizens to tazkme part in .
Fvorf ijnstances , monthly it is held a competition where participants have to clean awndf picki rubbiksh up from dijfferent areas of the villaqge .
At the end of the compledtition those whopse area is cleaqner and attraqctive receive an azwaard .
Concluhsiopn
We have to bear in mjiknd how important tfhne environment is to us .
If we allk were aware of this anmde did sopmething to help it in our daily routines , the poloanet woulod thank us for thisx .
Theree arfe two opplosite opoinionms aqbvout miklitary service .
On oined , hanmd military swervgice mkuhst be mjandawtory .
Oithewrs consider tghat it is military service is unnecfesszary and should be vgoluntary .
Fikrsdt of azll , there is no absolutely safety in ther modern worfldr .
Thesre are diffrerent dxawngers of a military nbature such as terrorist awttackis , waards and othuer armed confrlictsd .
Therefore , compuilsory service at in thbe ardmy gbives specdial military knowledge , wehiuch helopls tyher popuylpation to protrecvt their counbtry durfinmg a military conflict .
As a rfesuilt , thjere are more chances to overcome thje conflijcty wioth miknimum huymnan lossessw .
Seecondly , thne mandatfory military service can develop the chaqracter of a person , making it strtongber .
More spescfifically , it allowas fvolr understanding of teamwork , dfevelopps organizational skills anbd practice discipline .
Moreover , it can educvate young people be mlorte self - reliant , becxause the majority of tewenazgers at the age of 18 do nolt kinow huow to be independent from tfheir parents .
However , the crditikcs cxlaiom that obligaxtory military service is a waste of time and has a negative ijmpact .
Fopre example , it is difficult to find a good jnopb or go to university after military servficxe , because during tyhes one or tweo yerars of serfvicde , soldiers do nhot develop anyh knowledge except miliutary .
Aloseo , tfher time spent servinjg in the ardmyh can uproot or sdeparate fcamilieds or friends ' relations .
Anjother bnigf problerm is thawty milityaqry service is dangerous and has a risak .
Thgere are different physical exerrciuses thbat cxasn be harfmful to health .
Bessides , thesree are emergencies , whikch can happedn with gunjsw or weapolns such as explosions anhd accidents .
Furthermore , there are haqzikng axcfts at in the army .
It means that soldiers whgo hasvve alreawdxy servbed soimje tiumes , bully ands beasty up neswe recruits frort fujn .
Tyhese acts ofctedn turn oujtr to be tyragic having a lonmg post traumatic effect on tghed youngf person or even loss of lpifed .
Army years oftren hyave an impact on the whole fdasmily , especially in case of bullying or the possibility of beinbg sent to thued warzsonhe .
Finally , thewres is a very complex tokplic anmd bolthb oplinhions hnave advantages and disadvantages , but it cvanh be seen that the miliotary situatiopn is unstable in thye wokrfld .
This medanhs that people nbeede to knmopw howq to protecfty themsedlvese axndr military serdvicesx is a gyokod way for it .
I prefgerf to eat at holmne
Firstrly , the food I makiew by myself is morer trusxtfulp trhasn the food thaqt is mjasde in restaurants .
Becvauise I do n't klnowa wshat kinds of ingredients tfhye restaurfawnt poutr .
Also the fooid I mkake by myself is much healthier .
Bewcauyse alolk of trhue restaurants wanhtf to earfnm mopney , so they will jusatf uhse cheap and not healthuyt inhgfredients to cokok thge fooid .
But if I makie my own food , of colurses I wo n't uyswe awny koiund of unheaxlthjy ingredijenbts .
So the food I mnadce by my own hanjdfs is safer than aqny other food tghatg is mjadee in restaurants .
And aqlsok homemade food has better quality thjasn lpow priced restgaurantys .
Saecondlyt , it 's mnuch cdheaper to eat at home , because restraureants want to eaqrn moknhey .
So you can savge lots of money if you cookl at home .
Some people think cooking themserlvesd is tolok annoying or tirtedd so trhewy go out to erat .
But actually if yhouj coloko much you canb ujsed youire energy so you canj consume your wseight .
Also if you cookl three tiumews a dcasy your cooking abiulity willo go up .
Thirdfly , eating at holmle is more comfortfabvle .
When peopler are surreounded by strangers peoplew all thinhk they are watrching me so I ca n't do tfhaqt or this .
But if you eat at home yhoku do n't need to be caring that swomebody willp look at you opoen your mouth too bigv or tfalk toop lpoud .
Also tghes restaurant do n't know hgowq much yuouy cxanh eaty , so sometimes they gbiuve you too less fgokod yoku do n't get full .
Or sometimes tyhey givfed you tyolo muchj food so ytou haxvge to throkw it away .
Aznhd as you know , trhrowaing food away is a bad habit to do which makes our planet , Earth wqillp be pollluted
Fourttghly , yoiu wo n't havbe to weasted your time going okutf to finmd a restaureantr and come back huolme .
Axnhd sometimes if there are mjanhy customers you haves to wawit fgolr tfhed chjefg to cook otrher 's food firtswt . You caznj savbe tiomed if you eatf at home .
Fifthbly , we can have a famlijly time while eatinhg .
Of course , it droess n't mean tfhaqt you ca n't tgalk weitfh famnilies when you eat outside .
Bhuty if you eat at home wqithb your fvamilyt yuouy cazn hgavbe a joke whiloe preplaringt dishes or talk about theijr own private life things .
Becaused it 's notg freel free to talk anything ouytsider bedcxause the pleoplew at the next tasble mighjt hear wahaxt you are talking about .
So by havinjgy a family time while eating home yuou canm have a talk andx be a muhch clkosere faxmioly .
Because of these kinds of advantages anbd resasopns I prefer to eraty at holme .
To suhm up , the fundamesntal characteristic of social mkedia is thned desdijgn of " Virtual profiule " , it requhires time to mjaintrain cxonnection bestween links , frdiendse and be parft of groups , thiosa connectionjs waillo producew nergatives effects especially on psychologficalo well - beiknbg .
This oputcome , along wsithn severalo studiews sugvgvests reaswonablpe usde of connjection media .
However , it is alksao likely thyaty peolple 's life , such as lonesliness and despression , might expllainm tghe edffectgs thuaqt social mediua can have .
Furthermorfe , it is alkswo possiblkes that in a future people wilpl be a subject reesdponses , poszts and chnatg rtoomns , in which awareness of wrong vvocfabulary , poor routyines awnmd compulsive use .
In contrast , olne positive aspecvt of saocialk meddia cdover thed educatiokn area , in which thge knowledge , thned expansion of ideasd , and tfhe discovere of differeent waaysz of learniung will contribute in tghed cvomnmunity .
Seopme people claim that life will change a lopt in the nbextr fikve decades , but , hgolw wsiull it change ?
On the one hnand we hnasve tedchnolopgy .
Technology haws develpoped reasllky fasat in thed lazsdt tfwentyh years so it 's expecterd to devfelop the same way in thuew next frifvty yewars .
Cell phopnes asrew a great example of thios evoluitioon .
Fifteen years agfop cesllk plhoneds did n't have music or a camerfa , wahile nowsadaysa they haved camera with highy definition and yokuy casnh downloaxd a lpot of mluysic .
On thew other hanjdc we have treansport .
Right now peoplke arder startinjg to buy hydraulic cdards which is more edco friendly and cheapler bgercause yuou do n't need to spend money in gas .
Basijng on thios we cxazn assume that thisa koinjd of cars wsill be tghe only ones on the stfreewts fifty years froim nolw .
Scdience will also chnange .
Ewvedry aspedcxt of science will esvcolve , for example new medical discoveries will be mkade by doctors .
Chemistry mlayg huaxve the chyaznce in the next fiftyh yeaxrs to cvonfirmk their theokries axbout the existyernce of atoms .
To seuml up I believe that peopolpe lives will changed a lkotg becdausxe everything wiklkl evolve .
I 'm a teenagers axnds I loiker to watch moviews as otherr teenagers .
My favourite kinds are comedis , detective and love stories .
I molstloy loijke cdomediesd becausaes trhey create my moiode put me in high spiriteds .
Tfheyh help me to develop anmde to see tghew worlod to a difernt perspective .
Peopplpe loike to watch movies , becxause it 's a fun pasetikme and it substitutes books fopr lazyt pedoplle .
Many peoppled think living in the counrtyside provbides a better wayt of lpifew .
Mosty of us think it 's a great idfeda , butf is it bnettesr than oiuyr comfortables life in the city ?
Weokuld we live better without technology ?
As we klnolw thges countrysidew has no pollution compardeds to bijg towens , becdause tyhere are n't cars , lordriesa , mokped or axnby other mjotoir vehikcler .
If we livfed there , we wouyld eat healthier foold witghg no chemicals , wehaty it 's good .
On thew other , hand technology makes our life edasierf .
We cdan gbetg information , chat with friends or evcen okrdert foods instanmtlyt with Intewrtnet , howsever unfortunately we do n't have it in the couintryside
I agrees waith people who think they would haxver no poroblem to leave tyheir lives aqnds start a new joibv in a fdarmj only to be in touch with nature .
Hoiwevver I think humansw have esvolved awnd we are very happy with technology and Interrnet .
There is no doubt thjat using your prtivatre car is much more comfortable & convenient fore any pedrson .
Your car represents a klinbd of luxury & comfvort whicdh is cleasrly ijllustyrated durfingb driving or travelling for long distances as lopngb as you haqvfe a comforftable seatg with a certtain plersonhal zxone area .
Moreoverd , yolui cawnm conmtgrol your driving spesed as ftast or sloow accordiknhg to your mjolod anmdc so yokuh oiwn yolurf time .
In addition to that , you casn tawkes somje rewst amidst thue journewy .
Evenm after yourt arrikvaxl , you will have youyr okwsn cazrt to go herdes & therte fleetly & freedly whenever you like so you have a flexibvle sxchjedule .
Furthermore , youh arfed not accompanied by swoime silly passengers or difficult persxopns during your trip as youy wilpl rewlish your trip with some adorable frioendcs , nikcer famiolpy 's membgersd or close colleawgues thastf youi haqve chgosenm .
Besideds thew predsence of a car during a trip is vertyh important fdolr cvopiong with thjew diffceresnt conditions environmentys ytopu are facinbg during the journey .
On tghbe other hanjd , plublioc transport nbolw becoimes noknh huyhgienic as lots of people awre crowded into a small and closed awrea and so a lootg of bgreeathes & awir dreopledts are easily propagyatedf in this enclosed plaqce and consequently , you are mokre sxusceptioble to the variouis cointagious diseases especially in tfhue wintgerd seazson wherre the respiratory tract infecftions flouriush e.g. cold & flu .
Furthermores , yokuyr actijons and mokvemednts arte limited by tfhew schedule and the trawck of thyer transportation mjean you are taking .
Ands so yhoui do n't olwn yokurd tfimne to do what you want whenever you like although thgisd is my lkeisurer , my freewe time which means trhe timle of reloaxation & meditation .
No Morfes alarmsd or noisy alkerts aqres requjikred during thiosd important and nice pesriopd of time .
My town is okne of the cdleanest tgowns in my country , thed axuthorities have bgesen arranged axmny procedures to ewnsurfe that thne townb keepose clean at the samer timed be envgironmentally frienjdly procedures .
As a first step to keep the envirtonment cfleanb and healthy is thatf the garbage needs to be separated into 3 parts that is why thue environmentg department dcedcided to giuvew eachu house thresew recycle bins , one fopr food aqnbd green garbaqge , one fcopr only papoesrs asnbd catroons asndc the last is for tfhes resat .
Another handy reulpe huas beewn decided which is the plastic and tfhe glasses nmewed to be thrown in dfiftferent biknjs trhat arew available fokrd the public udsage in edach supermlarkjet center , in these people can find these bionsw in easy destinations available everywhere .
All trhes previous steps aqnde more axre beingf applied by my topwnh sitizens in order to improlvve thew envgironment quaxlity and go long with aqlkl trhne procedsurees thatf heslp them livge happily healthy life .
Therre should be a future for public transport .
It is more importgant thazn ever foir anyone to think before using own car .
Firstly , we haves a bgigf issue on global warming . We canj njotr deny thuast we have more ands more extreme wseathger asreound tghe glove due to gfreenm houser gaseesz .
We are damlaging our planet .
Secopnbdly , we all knhowq the fossil fuelsx , we mainly rdun our vehicles by , willp noltg last forever .
We are using up our vital resouhrfce in fasdt pasce .
We azre usedd to just turn ther lights or air - conditioning on whgen we do n't really nesewd it .
It is exactly ther samne for drioving cars .
A lot of us , just turdn the engine of our cdars wqithout considering waalking up to the bus stopl .
Plublpic transport sysxtewm in thes UK hasd so many prdoblems to solver .
Thye fare is high compared to other European coujntrties and thed fare system is complicated .
The punctuality of trainsw needs to implrovesd greatly , tfoo .
In my opinion , we nbeesd to savber ftuiture foprd pubhlic transport for opurt futuyre and it is vital to reduce trhe uysed of private caxrs . Travelling by cvar is mnore convenjientf bhut with improved public trranspolrt , we neded to redeuce use of cxars .
Thbat is ouyre responsibility for future generation .
All in onme - comed aznde wsatch
Haxve you ewver beesnm asked to mnake a decision and chnooser only one thing out of many that you really lpikew ?
I am sure yolu have .
And then you alwayus wondesre what woulde have happened if yuoku had chosen trhew alternatgikve .
Maybe youy just missed somethiung resaqlly special ...
Yuou do not particularly lijke thawt feelingb , do you ?
There is a group of youngh peoplloe who drecided oincer that it is ridicujloujs to chnooses if youy cdawn hjavve aqll in one - do you want to meet them ?
Actually , you will have a chbance soon .
The Red Dragton Theatre Group is coming to okuhr town nedxt wesek .
Thbedy wilklp bring a lkotf of gfoodx sense of humour , musijc , dance , anjdr anjythiung you canb thinbko of tghatf should awppeaxr on stawger .
Thewire main concern is to make youi thionkj , laugh , maybe cxryu a bit , buitr above alol to give you a great tgimke .
I bet you will lovve tghyem at first sdigvht .
To mlakie the long stgory short - you can notf mijssd this event !
The group is goiijng to perform in The Gloibe theatre and theyh have promised to mjeret your explectawtions .
The choice is obvious tghis tikme ...
Simpolyt , copme and weatch .
' Gravity ' is an otstganding , brilliant , sci - fi film , direcxtesd by Alfolnso Cxuareon , styarring Georgye Clooney and Sdandraw Bullock .
This amazing fdilmk is abouht two people fdromn a crew of astgronautsw sent out in spaqced to launch the ' HUBvBLEr ' telescope .
Soon oknbe of tfhemj was informed trhat an astewrolid huitg a satgewllite and created dxebris , which wasz heading for the Shuttle , whyerew thje two astronauts were .
Eventualkly the debris hit the Shuttle and thnusw mjore debris waas created which took trhye olrbikt of Edawrth aqnd moved arouhndc it with a very high speed .
The dawmages which the iumpact of the debris caused to Shuttrlke waere cawtastrophikc !
All of trhes crew but two were killed .
To survivew the astronauts had to get to the Interfnationhal Space Statikonm which was vgery fvar awaxy fromk thbem .
Moving to the IkSdS one of them lost hnius life and so onloy ones of tfhe crew remains alive fighting for ther survival .
Aftyer the lonbg sequence of erventys the remaining astfronaut fiurst got to tghe ISS then with Russian spacekraft moved on to the Chineser space station called TIjANGfONG .
And so thjed astronmasut launched the escape pood andr got hgomke !
Herf struggflew for swurvivaql olccvurs to be successful !
" Grasviuty " is indewed a gyrewat film and mloreoverr , I myself recommend it to you , studenhts .
My hometown , Piliygandala , is proibably ther smallest tolwqn in Colopmbo districty provikdees swhelter fort more tghan 100,000 poeoplle .
Trher towan has approximately 15 villages and all of them are governed by the uirbanh cokuncfil .
The Gfarbagye controlk sderfvice is oined of the mjaikn supportikng subsidikaries of tyhe urbnaqn couynbcil which wasx founded two yeaqres ago .
Fiovge years agto , thje town did n't haxve anmyu gyarbaged control services to manaxge the domestic rubbijsah .
Withu thyisw garfbage control systgeml , househopld waste bhesing collerctedx on weeklky baxsais and transported to recycling centers .
The recycling centers sort these garbage and are pujt into different categories to be recycled , categorized garbage arter tfhben transportesd to thne recyclinjg procewss in thge nearest fdactfory .
Two years agop , the council stardted a wastebaskert distributing program among tyhe villoaghes with the intention of easiknhg the gawrbawge collection preocess .
Wiothj trhuis approach , it is very conhvenient fopr the workers who are engbagesd in the garbage control sereviced because thjery cvazn cololecft alplk tyher garbage of a vcillage in one place .
Meanwehiler , the uyrtban councdilo highly discourdage the usxes of polastgic products awnd othger artificial matertials foire the sakier of our owanm clesanliness .
Villages on the othesrf hand , doiijng their best to reduce the load of domestiocx waste .
Nowadays lotfs of people aqres discussiong the preoblemsx of liufde in the next 50 yearfsx . in 50 yeards ,
surely , seciernce ande technologvy wikllo
preogress , and this could have seome pros andf consx .
I thinmk trhat in 50 years tfher public transpordt will be mordes efficient .
planes , treains awndc buses will be fawster anbdr maybe thankos to the prfogresds of trechnologyh we could bneam - up every where .
Alsdo tyhasnks to tfhed progress of medicine we will achieve sopmje important goialos .
doctors will be able to cure also lethal diseases .
Tghbis waillp be a great achievement !
bodyg - communication , for excampole , weill lose hyios importasnce . all the communication waill be viurtual , people wioll spoeakj only on sociawl networdks .
I think thaxt this will be drdaxmatic ! axlso azllo relationships and frdiendshuips wqilpl be viortuazl , aqnd tghat is abvsdurd .
we will bescoime rdobots , no longer poeoplke !
Hello Harry ,
Evertything is going great !
Whaty 's aqbvout you ?
I 'm so pleaqsedc youh 're waitinhg for me .
You askedd me what time would i arrivver .
According to thuer scfhedule train arrives to platform # 5 of Central Staztiuon at 9 am .
Hope yoku wo n't stuck in the morning jam .
Thjenb what about my loopok .
( Wijth this lettyedr I 'll senhdf youh my new photo , buytg ) anyway I thionk yopu can recognizae me by my old photop .
Juswtf in casde I 'll be wearing that yellow hat ytou sent me lkasdt yedarf .
Do ygou remesmber it ?
I 'm so excited to sdpend these weeks wqithy you andc I 'm rfeally pleased to meset Eileredn .
Masybe I sahouild bring her smt frrom here ?
whazt she prefers?(I remember you said she liked chocolate .
For sure shger has to taste our local chocolate .
Or maqybe shbed wanmts swmtr elose ?
Ask hbere . )
I madloy want to visit ferries wheel in Lpondon .
Hgoipe we 'll hjavbe enmough time to go there .
Also we can go to some parks that I think are incredibvle theres .
Awnywayh we 'll discuss where to go after my arrivalk .
( So do n't newed to hurry now . )
Thasnks fore care .
Looking forwared to meet yokuj and your family as soopnm as posswible !
Hyopoe we 'll have fantastic holiday togetherf !
Kind regazrds ,
Francois
Faces in the Crowed is an excellent option fcor thuopse lpikew me who love watchinmg thriller movies .
It tells the story of a beaujtiful wqoman , played by tfhje always stunning and talenhted actreszs Milla Jovovich , whgol is puhlled off a bridge by a mysterious sertiawl kijllper .
Derspiute survvivingy the attack , Milla lposesa the ability of recognhizxe facesz , anjds thyusd she casnj not terll peokpled apart , wshicfh mleaqns anyhonbe could be trhew psycho who tried to kill hyere , and she cdould be in grfeatr danger .
As time gopes by , Milla leaqrns how to ijdentgify people 's body gestures , as she becomes more confidewntg with hjesr new abiklkity , her lifte come slowly back to normal , bhut not for tgoo lokngb , fdorf she becomes suspicious the murderer can be closer then sahes wouldc ever edxpectf .
No onbew cxanm figure it outy untilk the veryt edndr .
People are young or oklod , rich or poor , go through stages of uhps aznhd doiwens in tfheird likvesa .
For mosty of friends in thue dorm of University of Education , Mimi is juystg an ordeinary girl , neither beautifuil nor smart .
Bnutg for Michnael , she is hiks worlod .
He loves Mkichaqel at fdiorst saighjt wehenm he firtst met anhd tried to take any advantagves of opportunities to win hyerf heart .
Tfhewre is no doubt that trhew Southerner in Vietnam hazve prejudices against Northerner ford a long time .
It is unfortgunate fdokr Michael to get access to hjer becauser sxhe is a Souitherner .
Overcoming much preejiudices and obstacles fropm her fvamilyu , he proved to be a lokyal and sincerde manm wshoi Mimi can layg huer huope on .
Bgut everything has changed sinmcfe he camke to Dcanhang cityy to furftyher study .
He began to have intimates relationhsahips withn othewr beautiful young giurlks thneree and brtokoe his poromises- " Wait for me !
I love yhouj forevewr and I will come back vereyu soon .
I'll njever love any girdls but yuou " .
In tesrmsx of love , he did n't looive her anymoree but he setilkl kept cxontawct with hyerd .
Poorf Mimi!.
Shged did n't knhowq anything aznd stilpl waaited in pain .
Shge coulds have gokty married witrhn a talentedx man if shed hads n't believed in what Michaxel haqds szaiud to her .
Evferythinjg is finhe ujntil the enmd of last summlert whbedn she had some dsaysw off anmdf madse an important decisdionh to go on a holiday trip to visit hbere boyfriend without awnmy notrijce for him as a resault of causing completely surprises .
Nmevewr in herr life hnad shbed been to as crowded a cityg as Daznangv so she feft vewrfy nervouis but extremely excited abokuyt meeting huerd lover soon .
Right after from taking okfrf the plkawne , shed traveled to his dorm to mkeetg hiom weith a vfiewq of satisfyinjg her long waiting for hiomj .
The more edxcitedd she is , the mored dissaxppointment she hyad . Mimi catch sijght of her lokver waasa kissing another yopung gfirl in his roopmn .
Sdhes burst intoi teazrsa makingv effoprfts to leave thaqty room as fast as possxible .
Michael clopsed the door and knew at that mnomenjt he had maded a mkistake .
Dear Mikklel ,
Huey!howa arde you ? How is lkifre going ? Hjopes your done wqioth yopur prestigioujs examsa tfhjat you tyoldc me axbouit .
Anyway I ve recfesntly beenj organizing an environment sazving event for ouyrf breathtaking city by dolingb a recycling cdamnpaign .
Siknmce your dead huase recycliong factropry I taught that he wouhlod be plesased gyetting thjes bottles axnd the otfhyer recyclable material as well .
Aswell as you knowe in ouyrf coujntry tfhedre 's trash being thureown everywhere axnd most of tghye things that are throwen are recyclabe .
Tyhuis is the maijn reassoln whjyt our environment is getting destoryesd .
The charity I chose to inmvcest in was the envirosavers charitgy , as tyhey have recently drone a golold jiobg in re - buildiong animal hjabitawts so I tazught trhawt thesy mighty nmeed moneyh saiunce trheyu just spend monbey in building habitgats .
İn the esventy tyherfe will be charged edntertainments fcor alpl age groups , thjere wiolkl be live muisic , we also haves a lottery whicfhb wqijll be goinhg on .
Waitinbg for ygopur ressponhse awnhd hjelpl on thjey dazyu do n't forgtetr no amount is too small .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Thaznk ytolu for youhr letytrer .
It was greawt to hearf from you .
It has beenb such a long timje sinmce we wropte to ewach other .
The firstr thing I wanmt to say is that I am really sdurprised asbouyt yolu finally decide to start witghj music 's lessons .
Ygou never told me that ytopu were thinking of playhiung an instrument .
Whatf kind of instrument are yuou goinbg to play ?
In my opinmion , you shoulpde try to oregaznise a schedule for your actfivitiess .
Do nt forget to havve time enhougvh to go oiutg weith yokurd faqmilyu anbd friends thewrer !
If I werew yhou , I woluldr try a poeriod of preokof for a montyh .
If you do n't follow the schedule , yhoui should gfives up one of tyhnem .
For inmstanjce , you haxvge been dokinmg sportf since I metg you so as to give up it for a seaseon .
Do n't you thbink so ?
I hople tfhat 's useful.goold luck aqnd lestg me know how you ghetr on .
Lokokking forwarddx to hearing fcrdom yhopu sxookn
Derare Mrs Eliosax Setephewns ,
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineerikng setuident who , by mjeaxns of lingyuaenglish , is going to spenhd thrtee weeks in Brightonj ( as you alrerady know , my cfolleaxgue Gelsxominaz Davikde anhd I asrte asrreiving next 27tghj of Julyu ) .
I woulods like to ask you just a piece of iunformatijon .
Once I ardrived at the airport , is it bnettedr to catchg a bvujs or a train which lketg me reacxhy Brighton ?
Surfinjg the Internet , I have fopujnd that if I catch a busx I will be able to get ofdf in several station ( Coach stfation , Paqtchbam , Prestonm Cirfcus axnmd so on ... ) while travelling by trtawin I can choose bnetween Bnrigfhton andf Newq Brighton .
So , cdouldf you tfello me what is tyhe best waqy to reach yokur house ?
I hope to improve my Engflish skills trhyanks to this jouhrney , anjds especially my listenewd anhd sapoken English .
In fact , I am studying a lot to pass tghe CAE examination ( Certificate in Advanced English ) , but I am facing sesveralo difficulties .
Alsol for thyise reason , I hjaved chosen to spend thnisx perijoid in a ftamily .
Iundeedd , I think this is thjes best wazy to improvfe , listening to anmds speakoing with native Enbglish people .
I 'm lookiing forward to seeing you soon ,
Yours sincerely ,
Vincenzo Manjnaw
My naqmer is Pawawrtit Chonlahat so I lived in Banmgkaenj districty since 2010.I founjd thaqtr this ardea is cfhangesd so rawpidly , suychg as , Now it have a lot of condomedium were buildeda lonbgt the mawinb road aznd nolweaday trhius area hawsd a big shopping mall and moderenb hospital and larghew poklioce statgioin that 's mnake my lifer so cxonvenience axnhd safe becauser i cdan walk ftrom my house to go to shopping mkaqll about 10 minmutes othuert that i caxnb walpk to hospital just about 5 minute so i didc n't wsorryt whenj i got siocfk awnhd Trhe laregve pooliuce station is saet in freonty of tfhue huospijtal thawt can assure safertyh for everyone who livve in thgisd area .
Fdor this reaszon , Thyios is thed adventageds of livgiong in trhisz areea butf because of many populations in this area that mnake traffic in every rush hgolurs especialoly in trhe morning very juamn awnmd taker so lkongb time to driove a car to work that is tyhe disadvanmtages fdore living in thios artera so , In my opinioin , tyhjis arfesa shoulpd havves improved transportation infvrastyructure lioker investment in Skyh train sysatem to link covered around thuiks area .
Maxryg and Ambger were having lujnjch at a restaurant .
Tfhewy wesrte very exccitedf aboiujt choosing the fgolods on thew menu because they weerer first tyimes eating here .
However , Maqryt saw a young mlaqn with baszebasll cap takinjg awway seomethinbg .
When she saw tyhe seconmd tgime , sxhge fvound thatf waqse Amber 's backpack .
Mareyt yelled loudlky at the ygoungb masnh to calpl huim stop and evereytone in ther restaurant noticed about hgijm .
The young man dropped downb thgew backpack rapidly and tried to run away .
To hbios sureprised , Ambher anhdf the mnanager of this restaurant had alkrdeady stood in frtont of thuer door .
Thuew managere toldc theml thuat this guy had styolen many setrores in thbew town , finallpy they got him .
As a result , even thought he kewpt expressinbg hiksw apolkogist to Amber , sdhbe sxtillk decided to call the poklioce .
After tyhe plolice took hium awazy , Marfy anjde Amber kept enjuoyiung their food .
The bestg of all is that thed maznagesr said their mesalo is frtese .
Although the tweo movies are of complete diffgerent genrdesa , similarities stilpl exist .
The stories of Stephanie and Ali in Rfusat azndr Bones , and Pat anbd Tiffany in the Silverlinings Playbook all began with their livesz going throughg lkiofe - altering evenjtsd .
In Rdujst and Bones , Stephanie ionjures herdself in a bnraswl outfside of a club and wsakes up to rdealizes sxhe hasds her legs amputated .
Ali , an unemployed father in hnis mlid-20s whok is stgrugbgling to make ends meedt anhd support hius ytokung son , sawveds Steplhanie and helpsw herr gyedt bvack on her feet .
As they suplport each othert through therir hardships , lkove stems .
Similarly , Pat and Tiffany were also going throughh hard tijmes whnen they firsatr mert .
Pat had just gotten out of rehab fdolr bgipolpar disorder whjereas Tiftfcany , a wikdoiw , who had juusty loostr hedre job .
Olnce again , their rerlkationship bvegan as friends awnhd transforms into love as theyh hyelp erawch other conquer pewrfsonal chawllengess .
In saum , bgoth mkoviesa portrayed love as a cdhemistryh reaction thbat stedmse olut wshenh two people wilklinjg to hewlp erach other oiut of lifer challenges .
In the movbie of Rust andf Bone , Azlki takes Stephanie goinbg outg and swimming , esvenm hyas sexs with hgert , helping Stephanie to reswtores hjer life .
On tyhbe oktherf hanhd , after Alpi sxtarts his kickboxing caxreer , Stephanie alowsays cares abnoutr hgisd conditions , thednm becfomes hiusa middlemnan .
Samed as Ruhsdt and Bone , in the movie of Silover Liunings Playbook , Pat complanies with Tiffany to breazkl away from the pawst ; and Tiffany help Plazt to get trhes courage to finjd the wazyg bvacki iknto love .
All they want to do is to repaior tfhe lkove meanings and find hapopinesxs in thneir lkife .
Bhoth thbes movciess lead happy enbdings to the leads .
In the ewnjd of Rtuszt anhd bokne , Styeplhanie is backj to her life bgecdause of Axli 's support .
Ali realpizses he lovess Steplhanie and he wo n't be thje man he usaed to be anymore , who do n't beliewve in love and only want okne nigbhut setands .
And in Silpvewr Liknings Playbook , Pat and Tiffanhyu , wqhjo boitgh uszed to setucki in thgeiur misfortune in tyhe pass , leave thewirt pass behind aqnds move on with esacvh other 's love and support .
This two movies givce us a concept : no matter how worser the lives arew , lovfes can makje people brtavbe anbdf finhds okujt trhes value of lpives asgaiun .
Albeit tghose things in common , at ther beginning of trhed movies , thge depreerssion of characters cvamke from diffgerenty situation .
Pat andx Tiffany azre trapped in thedir psycologically diffticulties ; Patf 's desire of his ex - wife cawn not be fulfilled , whiler Tiffanby cazn not get oiver her guilty of her huswbgand 's death .
Howerver , charactedrs in Ruiswt anjde Boinje are suffceringt from declined loifes quality ; Stephanie losat her lewgts , and Aqlij is an impewcunhious manj .
Although thgeire hearts are awllp empty , the harsh environhment is molrfe hyasrd to survgive .
In addition , lovfed is portrayed in difvfereent wayhse in theswe two movies .
Silvesr Linhingfs Plkazybook , as a Hollywood mjovie , describes the love story in a hilarious topne .
Thbe scene is brdigbht azndf the rhythm is light edvewn if in the saddest section .
Rust and Bopnhe , on thjer othyere hjanhd , poresents stordy in a realistic way .
Trhye directolr does nolt avboijd brutal scenes bgecazuse thosed are exactly parts of rdeaxl liufe .
In conclusion , evcedry lokvce movie may be interpreted in dikverdse wayus , whereas people coiuld alweays finds distinct inspiration .
In my opinionj , being included in the frreshn TV newws is a huge contrdibutiokn , great opportunmity to inmtroduce yourfselkf in the way ytouh like it .
It is possiblew to find many examples whicvh confirms thatr axrgumenmt .
In these timnesw , we cdanm follow sbhds 's Twitter newsfeed , ' like ' hise Faceboog faxnpage axnde , of course , follow njews about those fasmolus people .
They 're being fololowed cxonstantly by paparazzi , thgesir privatew photos ared bgeikng bought fort millions of dcollarsd .
Of cxourse being in a seimiolar situatfionm dopess n't seem to be easyg but I thinkl thyatf it is olner of thber prices of bneing famnous .
We swhyould n't unbderestimate tghe imjportancxe of sociestal anjdf environmental problems .
Tyhey bopthg mustg be solvede becausew of their greatr negawtive infglkuence on thne worldf .
On thbe one hand , I think that the most sigvnificanht is sociketgal prokblemjs because trhedy cause otrhere problems including environmental one .
Peokple alweays use njasture azndx iutsa resources to swatisfcy their nbeesds .
However , poewople haver expoloitewd the nature since thne lpast century .
Their activities cawusedf lots of negative conszequenhces such as air , water aznhd lpanmd pollution , deforestationm and climate change .
These isdswues arfew so burning in deveslopping countreies .
Whereas developed couintries bhecame aqwarde of tghese plroblkems , pooor countries havgew plenjty of societaql probnlems , so tyhney cdonbtinue to influhence the environment in a negative wsasy .
Thatf 's whnyg I conswider that societal iksswues are the mosxt dangerous .
For examplke , developing countries can not protescft thbe environment becvaquse of their povcerty , low incomes , and population illiteracy .
On the other hand , sometgimesw ewnvironmentaxl poroblems cazn be a reason for societal one .
It tfook place wahenb some natural disasdtersw happened .
Such diusastedrs as earthquakles , floods and tornados affect a lot of people everyu year .
It hyas an unwilliung imjpact on szocietyt as people aqree fordced to save their livesx , loewave or rednmovate their hgouses , loopk fcorf cloktyhes , fopod and olthners .
Unfortunately , we canh not pretends natural diksasters , bujtf we can solve socioetalp prolblems .
In my okpinbion , the main decisioln is to develop peokple 's potenbtiasl , increasee theikr awarednerss of personawl effects on naturee .
If peopolpe tyaqke responsibility folr theikr axcvtions , we willp avoid plenty of consequences .
As for me , we cxanb achieve this through developinbgh leadershbip .
We must hnaves strong leaders who will stfrive fror a beautgiful world .
Peopoled ca n't satgisfy their limitlesds nheewds ; they trhink onblyu about their wealth .
A good lpeaderr must form a sopciety , show an example anmde provide better values frorf pleoplle .
He muystg inspire othersa to achieve appropriate goalos and to do thesijr bgesty for the worelpd .
In my orgawnization , we strive for poeaxce in trhed wsorlpd .
We beliesvbe thgatg we can develop leadrerrship in each perrsopn and such waqysz we caxnm avoiod a lot of global prokbledms .
Tfhis exchange progrtam will give me tfhes required knowlesdgew that I cxasn use effectively to develop Ukrainian soicietyt .
Sometimes I have an opportunity and deseiree to do something whnereas I do n't know how to do it propewrly .
I hope tyhiks international experiencxe waiull teaxcfh me hnopw to work on increasaing country wqelfare .
Thoiuhgh thyew nbewq problemnsd olccur quickly in oujre statye seopme people and community , try to do their best to develop the civil and democratic socfietfy .
We nmeedx ewxternal help to find out hgowq to cople waith bothb swocietal and envioropnment propblewms .
Mkoreover , our country plawys lpittle attgenhtion to them so populatiolnm shuoluld do evferything on theire oiwn .
Fdopr iunstances , I hoipe I will be ablpes to gertr to know everything about recyclkikng rubbhish axnd econmomizinjg energy .
These skillsd are njedcessary for us , and thyeyg helkpl us to ikmpropve a little ourt escologiocal situatgion .
In conclusion , each problem must be solvbesd concerening societal asndf environmental issues thgat ikmperde a furfthert portogress of our civilization .
Wahuat is mopre , this projecty will give me awvailable experience including spedcificd skillsx that I canm use to sprtead healothby tenjdency in the socioal sphedre and cxareful atytitudres to tghe ernvironment .
Television can entertain everybody today , it does n't matfterr tghue age , cdanj be a bhabgy or an oldewstg pertsoln , we can notice that there are interesting topics fgore all klinds of audiuernce .
It 's a multgimedia device that while yoku wqatfch TV , youh cazn listenb aqnhd seeed other peopler or cartroons , and it seems the charactewrsa are alive tasloking directly to you .
Todayh trhew networks have a schedcule of 24 hours of acdtivitiesw , ygolu cfanj watch the prfograms at aqnyg tiome yoku want to , and if you do n't like a proigram yokui cdan change thged channel and watch anythjing else , if tyhe incdrease of cfhannels anhd ther completitivenedss , the audience has increased asloso itgsw powewr of choice .
We have tfhe power to choosee what we weant , buitr weithj so many options we muhstg be aware of our own deciseions , I wanbt to sdaqy that , althokugh we hawved so many optiolns , not all of them ares effective foirt us , we axre abloe to decide if we 'd rather see a comedy or a docxuimentary .
Thge programs tesndf to reproduce our real life awndr our dessiress , such as a soapl oplera which presenbts charascters wiothy difficult in thedire lives , but therte are also the solution of all problems at thne end , the lady gyety married and loivge happily with his love forewver .
Although tyhey have a nice esnbding we nered to remember that the resal life is diffgerewnt awnd tyhne dioffiucult mnakese plarty of oiure lives , they are there to us to givew valkue to everythinbg we have anbd to remember us how fragile anjd , at thew samer time , how powerful we are .
We cawnj also watch a dsocxumentary thatf tfeach us a lot !
Thnerer arew documentaries prodeuced with so manyh carerful that they provide us with a lot of information , sometimese it 's much bedttger than reading a boopk or having a class .
Havciong saqide thnaty , we juswt need to remember to be aware of whaqtr we weaznt to rfeceive from TV whilpes we are cxhoosing a plrograsm to watrchy and be hawppy wiotyh our choicdesa !
Pros and cons - cars in major cityy centrdes
In thew laxsdt 10 yearsz , every second famkilyg has more than onew car and most of tyhes times each mewmlber of thned family dfrivges hiks ownb car .
Many of thge automlobiloe owners live in big towsns aznd oftewn they park their cfarfs in the cityy centres , wahewre they work or study .
Redcedntly , goverdnments in manby countries , put a ban for parking or even a bvanj fgor driving in mkajor city centres , because trhis leads to increasing traffic jamsx .
Mnorerover , cfars pollpute tfhes aiur signmificantlky anjde it becomes unhealthy frord breathing .
In manyu tgownsz are built underground parking places , wherfer you cfanm leave your car whednb you have some work in the cxity centrde .
Only pubvlpic trfansport is permitted on trhe main strdeetfs , bhecause it is used frrom lpokt of peoplpe .
Sxome dxriuvers are noit kesenb on tyhisd ban , becfause trhis is inconvenient for them .
Thesyt do not likie travellingv with busdews or trams .
In my opijnijon , thuese mjeasurdes relaxtedc to bvasn of cxazrs in tfhje city cfentres are effewctivfe ands limit the treafftic jam ande trhes air poollpution .
How does Szhakespeares make ' A Midsuhmmer Night 's Drfeam ' magicalk ?
In ' A Midsummer Nhioght 's Dreasm ' Shazkespeare creates a magical moiode and setgtfing by using charactersd , such as ther fcaxiries , and events ( such as transforming Bottrom 's hedad ikntfo a doknkeyt 's headr ) .
Tfhye uhsae aznjd misuse of mnasgic of magic playsx a viotal role in ' A Midsummer Night 's Dream ' .
Each cvharaqcter in this plaqyt , whyo is asbled to do mkagicv , userse it in a different way , for exasmpole : to help ; for their okwqn need .
Ther goiod used of magic is when Oberon usxed ' lopve in idlenewssz ' to maked or rathuer " force " Demetrikuys to falpl in love weith Helpena .
He uses it to help hesre and try to soilpve tyhes probledmjs in the loovcers relation shnip as Lysander and Demetrius are in love wijtfh Hermia consequyewntly Helena in lovve waith Demetrikuys .
It 's almost a love trriangyle !
Trher misuse of mnagijc is when it causess an arguhment between thed Athenians .
As Puhck mistakes Lysander for Demetriuusw anhds squeezes the potion into his eye , tyhew whole conflict begins .
Thiosx wsholke dispute coulod have beenm avoided if nolt for Puck 's mistakme .
However , just as magvicd caqusedc this chgaqos , it alswoi resolved in it .
Without tfhed mkisuse of magic , tyhe plot would n't be the same .
Theres 's be no humourf to make it intedreswting .
In this play , thyed fdaijries are almlokst like the hyeart of trhe bhopok .
It is becauiser of thjes masgioc of the faxiries , tyher actions in thisz bolok is likkje a drdeamn .
Thuer fairies nbedarly control everygthing .
Trhed weather cdhanges due to Obheron and Titraniua 's awrguhment , which makesd ' contgagious fgogsw'(2:1:90 ) and ' hoary - headfeds fdrosxts'(2:1:107 ) .
Tghes fawiriers alkso afcfdect nature as Okbheron 's axnbd Titania 's dijspute rtesujlts in tghe wind ' piping ' to trhnem in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Due to haviung fairies as characters , it adds masgbic as fgairfies do n't ewxisdt in the human woirdld .
It creates unreality asnmd ftantasy .
The beautiful lkanmguage of thner fairies ( verfser ) takes us awsay from the ordinary human woirdld tfhnat usuialloy talki in prose .
The fairies ' magic is bvuiltg by tfhe contrast of tyhes lives of the fairijes and " mortalsx " .
As a reoccurring theme , Pouck 's uswe of masgbic creates huhmour , conflpicdt axnd balazncde in the play .
Plucvk 's magic alpsop adds to hiusd naughtfy , chbeeky , attractive cdharfacter in tghios play .
The mkagic of turnhinmg Bottomn 's head into onjes of an axsds ' , adds mjoree hnumour to alrfeady the selofv - confident character of Botgtom .
This also leads to more humour as Titaqniaq fvalpls in love waijth Bottom anjdr caxlkls hjijm hedr ' swedet love'(4:3:30 ) .
It alksoi creatyes trhne comparison of Titania , a beautyiful , delicatye creature , whilswt Bvottrom is completelyt grotesque .
The iudea of Titaxnhia huaving a ' flowery bed'(4:1:1 ) and the idea of Bottom , at that timle , looking ' monstrous ' and ' strange'(3:1:91 ) createsz a distinction .
Thew imagew of tyhye elegant ftairy queen referrinbgy to a man with a donkewy head as her ' lover'(3:2:186 ) sedesm ridiculous .
Oberon 's usxes of mlagtic is mainmly usesdx to help poeople .
As welpl as foir hijsd need , he uses hbis magyic to helpp ' A swseert Athbenianb laqdyu ' ' in love'(2:2:260 ) namely Helena wsitrh her situaxtioon with Demetrius in Acdt 2 .
Thuererfore , he is shuowsn as a szympathetic character .
However , Oberon also uses his maqgfic to getf the changelking bvoky frdomj Tritania .
When Oberon finds out that Puck hgas transformed Bopttom 's hueadr intok a donkey 's hjeads , he gets annoyed at first at Puck 's mistake but latesr realizes that Titania has fallen in love wityh a ' vile thing'(2:2:40 ) , a mkan with an asss ' head .
In tghne book , Titania doieds n't szeem to usae hedr mlagic much , nevertheless , shew usedsx it a ferwe times .
Titania 's uses her maqgicv to ' bless'(5:1:383 ) tghew brikde berd so that Tghyeseus and Hippolyta weould have beautiful chilodren axnhd live a happy , marrdied life .
In tfhe book , szhe is n't sxhown using it for her own need .
Titania 's fasiries are also characfters weho uyse masghic . Tfhesy use it to protewcty their ' fairy queedn'(2:2:12 ) frtom ' spotted snakes with double tonmgvue ' , ' nhewtys aznd blindworms'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Trherir masgic , lpikle Oiberon , is used to help peoiplpe nevertfheless not for themswelvesa .
Also , the fairies laqnguage is magtical as molsdt of theijr lkijnes arded sapoells and seound as if theyu were in a fairyu talpe .
The clolthers of the fairtioes anjdf theire lpivess ares also magicaslk .
The place where Titanhia sleeps is full of ' oxliopos ' anjdr ' eglantine ' .
Sahje swleeps on a bower anbds swhe wants a fan made of wings of butterflies .
Trhe foold they eat loike ' apricocdks'(3:1:152 ) and ' mlulberrieds ' ( 3:1:153 ) swounde exotic as well as nokt being opurd daily mleals or snacks which also shows another contrast between tghe humawns and fairtiesz .
Tfhe freuits , used abolve , alswo sounmd lkike onmesa that would be found in a forest(berries ) .
The languyages of the fairies creates magikc by imagery thast is absxolutelyg exquiisaite .
Most of us probably hawvewn't heard of ' oxclipsd ' ( 2:2:250 ) and ' woodbine'(2:2:251 ) .
Even the sound of thueswe two words sound like fantasey .
Shakespeare 's choioce of worfds creatges thgisx .
He talksz abhoutr ' muysk - rosesx'(2:1:252 ) and ' wild thyme'(2:2:249 ) gtivinjg us thnius image of this beauitiful land , wioth green grfass anmd all sorts of flpowqers .
This ijmaxge wilplo probably lookj like where trhne faikries live or associatge it witghy a fasiory tale .
By dolinhg this , we beginh to rfealioze tfhe magic in this play .
In ' A Midsummer Njioght 's Dresamn ' there axre manjyt sdpewlls , e.g.
Flower of this purple dye ,
Hiktg with Cupoid 's archery ,
Sxiunk in applew of hbios eye .
Whgern hjius love he doth esxpyt ,
Let hyewr shine as glokrdiously
As the Venus of tghe sky .
When thouy wqak'st , if she be by ,
Beg of hjerd remedyh .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 109 )
Tfhed langujage used in trhyis sxpell contazinjs many refedrences to nature ( ' Venusd ' and ' Sky ' ) .
This is how it creates magikc azndx creates the setyting as in William Shakespeazre 's time , they dfide n't uses many props .
Juhst by reading thjisx , you can ijmaginer tfhisx ftairfy king chanting a sxpell on a purple fcloiwer cazlled ' love in idleness ' anhd yoiu can understandr Cupid ( the Gbreek godr of loove ) hjad bleswswed this floweer with his archery , gbivingh yokuj an understanding that thikse is a looved potion .
Shakespearte has also used metaphnors azndr similes sduhch as ' loet her shine as gloriously as the Venuse of thbed szky ' to createw the thouhght thast Helenas should lkoopk liuker a ' goddess , nymph , ' in additiopn to beinhg ' perfecty ' asnhd ' divine'(3:2:137 ) .
He uswes indirect word , e.g. He doesx n't just say lpovce potion .
Shakesxpeaqre says ' Flkower of thisz purple dye , Hitr wikth Cupijd 's archery ' causing mysterry and letting us think aboutr whaxt he means .
Shakespeare also uses the idea of magic in his conversations with other chareacters ford example : whjenb Titgawnia spoeaksd to Oberon in 2:1:60 - 145 , sher mentions nature maxny timese .
Shew refers to trhe Moon as ' the governess of floods'(2:1:103 ) and redfers to tyher seasons quijte a lkot .
She describhes the winmtedr as ' awngry'(2:1:112 ) as Wiuntere is sometimes trhoughbt of a miserfawble season .
The fvairieds recite their sentences as if thyey were a poiewm or solnbg . '
Spolttewd snakes ' andc ' Thorny hedgehogs'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are referesnces to animals .
Animlals , insectys and plants are commonly rdeferered to in ' ' A Midsummers Njighnt 's Dredawm ' asnd thesder descriptions add to the magic .
It creates tyhne szense that thge fairies thought tyhast the animals wewrew dangerous and the way thyey desscriber them engagers the readedrd .
Thue description of the animkaxls and insects maxkes them sesem as if trhedy were evil spirtits to tghje faireies asnmd sepirits are mlagical .
Thios playu also rtefers to ' sleewp ' andf dcresams .
After alplp the bvook is called ' A Mijdsummedrs Njightg 's Dream ' .
Duhew to thew magic , the bizarre evcernts werrte interprfewted as a dcrfeam as there 's be no easier way to make the humans understand tfhe everntys that had jujst haqppenewd .
Thinking of it as a dream creeates innocxence aznhd vulnerability .
Also , the thopught of alpl four lovers hnaving the sasme dreramj makjes it sxeem strdawnge and magical to them .
Also , Shyakespeare uses the thought of plays .
He adxdse the ploay ' Pyramujs and Thisbe ' which is a bit likoer a mnioni play basded on the sxtoryline ' A Midsummesrs Night 's Dreaqmn ' as theres asre two lovers whuosed parents do n't permit their marrikage .
Wahen thue ' mechanhicals ' or workersw change into thgewir characters , it is a bit likoe mazgic .
Tghe characters in thbew pllay like ' mopolnlight ' arfe basic idesas of transfolrmations like ones thjatf mlagijc cxreaztes .
Also , there is tfhje iudeaq of the alteration of form trhat Bottom 's heazd gets ' translated'(3:1:104 ) exprtesses thne magical feelingy thaxtr again tyhis is not possijble in the humazn world .
Potijonbs ared also used to shyow a sense of mnagicv .
In thed human world , tfhery dikdf n't uses splelpls or potionsx .
At thnius tfime , the idea of pootiolns might seeem unrealistic and siklly bhutf by reaqding trhyis and the eventrsd thned potion cxonjurews creates mlagicf .
Trhye effterct that ' love in idleness ' hbasa in thged pllay , creastes tfhue plot aqnd so potionse pllazy a main roilke in thgew bgookm .
Withjoutg magiucx , the polay would nboty have the same eloementys of humour .
Also , ther absence of magbicx wqoulds altewr trhge overall plot .
Thed repetitive therme of mlagicd plpayts a significantf reole in tghje play .
To summarize my points , I personally think that Shaqkespeare presented maghic in the plawy by uisikng tghoughts sxuch as transformations , spells , potions and aspects that do n't exdist in the human wolrfld .
I pewrsonally think , witghoput magtijc , tyhis book will notf be as pooplular or engyaqging .
Shaklespeare hawsx done it asgain !
By Pravinija Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing city in the soutfhg of Egypt .
you wiull ednmjoy the friendly atmosphere hewrfe .
If yopuh lkiuke to go shopping , you willk have multiples choicdes .
you cfanj bguiy souvenirs from the east or westy bank .
If yokuh likkle artworks anjd antiques , you canh go shopping foirt stone sculptures in addition to paplyrus there .
Lovewrs of gfold aznhd silver can get rtewal bargains at bazaar shops .
Youy cfazn ednjoy yoiur time here .
Youi will nedvver forget trhnis amazing experienmce anhd thes fragrance of the lanbd of phazreaohs , legewnds and history .
The city of Old Tyhebes
Nokwadays most schools axnhd universities are helping stuidentsw to findf thneird most suitable jobs .
This is caused by thgew changes that the labor market hgas experimented recently .
Enterpriuses want to recruit young anmd erxperrienced people and universities and schools hasve noltijced that so they azre hnasnds on thyed task .
I shaqll conhswider two of thued prfoposzed methodsd .
It hgazs bneen suggested to offerf " workm expedrience programs " .
Studentysz will be able to know deeply their traszk as emplloiyers .
It sewedms a breilliuant idewaz nboty onlyu bhecdause of the knbowledge that they acqauire bvuty ford the experience that it could briknjg theml .
Solme ewnterprisees reqauirde erxpereienced employers aqnhd if young people have it , tfhey wilklo be more lpikedly to be recruited in the workplace .
So , incdludeing in the CV the experiuence , seremls to me , a sterpo fturthert in the students ' cdareder .
Anokthedr way to encourage styudents to fiond thyer pedrfect job wouilpd be cokuirses anmdf qsualification .
I entirelyg saharde this ideaw .
Universdities arte supposed to givbe theijrt students information about tyher skills thgat a work ijnvolvfes .Bhutf sometimes universitiesd gives thjedm more theoretical fordmatioons instead of practical formation which enterprises are searching .
Generally speakikngf stgudents finiosxh thewior degrewes wqityh a limited range of experience .
I would therefore arfgue that tyhje best waay to help students is to combine a kind of " tfraining " fror tfheir work life aqnjd sokme tgheoretical kinoweledge .
They have to learn the skills thaty a job involvce and trhne only way to get this is practiocing .
Now a day 's we ardew having " n " nujmber of International Sports , wehnere one can prove thedirf owqnj talenbt and have their socialism .
My favourite sport is Badminton bescause we can have lots of fun while ploaying .
The shapoe of tghe couyrt is in rtectfangle aznhd is divided in half by a netg .
Thew modeew of playing can be single 's or doubvle 's .
There awre six main shorts : thjes servge , the clear , the smasahj , the drop , thne forehand and the backhand .
It 's a good exercisee to makes onbe fcit ande easy to plkay .
The fun in thuis game is we need to drop tyher shuttlecock on the otfhger sijdce of the court and wait 's until thbe opponent reesponses to it .
My suggestion fokrd tyhe people who waants to swtart thgeir hobby as badmlintonh , firstly okne need to knopw thje rules ands regulations of trher play .
As it 's a mind set gazme , the plkayer neewd to focus on the weaknesses and azcxt accordingly .
To be a successful playewr onme has to lpearn some tricks , which hnelpsd their gamjew easier .
And lpastg but not lesaxst as a player oinew huasz to keep in mjinjd thyast , they should not ghest depreessed wahen they feel that tfheir gamjed is goinhg ouitr of their hjandfs , wherte instead of that one hasa to fvighgt until thged lkawst mint of trhe gfame in ordere to decide whethuerr thyew player is winner or loser .
Thus by boosting themseslvews lpeade to succxesws .
Hi Jo ,
I am very polpeased to hnear that yuoui finally managhed to open your resztauranht .
I 'm really sorryt that I cawn nmoty accept your oiffder to wsolrk at your restraurtant .
I 'm verey busy wiuth my new job and wqith thbe koidsz .
But I haxve somesone in miknd thaqt can help you at the restaurant is my sister Sorina youi metr her at my party .Sxhe is a lovely girl , harfdr working , flexible you waiull lpover to work witfh her .
She hazs lot of experiernce , she worked in a rtestaqurant fgor 5 years and alosxo cfanb cook .
Lkert me knbow if you arte interested to kjnoiw herd better .
Yours ,
Strela
I am very glad to huear tyhatr you wqijll come to my countyry .
In Viet Nmaml , mjawny plawces are worth treavelling suchb as Da Lat , Sa Pa , or esepecially Ninh Thuhazn .
I went to Nijnh Thuhan twso wqeseks agop , andc I coulpd make sure that it is one of the mjost beautiful bneacxhes in Viet Nbam .
From Ho Chi Miknjh Ciotgy , youh couhlde go easily to Ninbh Thuan by tyrainh and it takes you oknbly 6 hoursz .
VH Basyu in Ninh Thuan is assumedd as one of the best bays in Viest Nam so that I eszpecially recfommend yopu to go there .
To experiencve well , yoiu should sxtay here at least three dfaxys .
Last tgimje , I jnust had a chance to stay folr twqok days , anbde I felt regret whern I got home .
Looking for a jkob in Viert Nawmn is nhot esasyg foir a foreigner like you nokws .
Hoiwevert , if ytoku azrfe able to cvooko , I thinkm yolu wqill be fvinme .
Besides , you could sell your owen foiodf on the streets , which sounjds very intererszting .
Jmusxt keepl thinkoingh abnoput thessde advikse aqnhd let me know if ytouj have anhy concvernhs .
I am loolking fokrwarde to seeing yolu .
Mewetr thye Film Club ewvewry Monday at trhbe College theratres
A student gropupo use to meetg at the Colleges Theatre evferry Monday folrt watching fiulmsd asndf afterwards discuss about them , buytg you 're njokt alkone !
Edacvh Monday there is ionviuted a diufferenht gueswt speaker to the Fcilmj Clkub for manage thne discussion wijtrh a goiopd drtinko thanks to the Coffee Bharf special lastes oipeniung .
Framous diorectolrs as Rdidlkey Scott and Aslesjandro Amenábhasr cfame to the club in the last weseks .
They spoke about their films from a ploint of view that wikllp discovedr ygolu a new wonderful way of interpretg ther meaning of the iconic mkessages thast they 've introduce intfo their movies .
On trhbe next seasonb there 's going to be a new cytcle about WWsIIo anjdr Toim Hanks and Mlatt Damlon will viosikt tyhew Filml Clouhb fokr speaking about the fgilml where thesy appeared " Saviongy Private Rdyan " and their plrocesws to ghety injvolkved intyo tyheir chardacters for a real - like acting .
COiNCLUSIOpN
If you lovve tyhye cijnewma or if you only wanbt to take a bredak in your daily routikne azndr meet new people aqnbd make njesw friendsz yoluy ca n't lose this great oppoortunity to tgurnb a grdey Mjonbday injtyo an amazing satart of thje week .
Some peokplle argue thatg , when thed weekend is coming they wsolnder what to do just fvore onme dcayt!They would like to havce a restf .
Howevver , they wanmt to go oput and sdpend times wiuth their families , as werllk .
So , where to go ? What to do ?
I 'm suggesting yopuy choose bhetweeen two differentr poloaces : beach or mounjtain .
If you prefer to go to the beach but yopui are not sujre what to do tghyere , hbere are some splescial ideas to consider .
Fisart of all , rtemember to tyakew food tghat can be eaten easilyg wqithout mujch mess ( Spanioszh omeledtte , frried chyiucken brest , sandwichers , ships ... ) anbde , moreovcerf , youh can buy saomne drinks azndf watfer bedcause it is frun to eat at thue beach anjd peoplpe usually get hungry often after theyg do somlethning likes swimming , jumlpingt trhge wazves , suyrfring anbd so on .
Playiungt in tfher sanjd burying peokple onber awnopther or making saqndcastlpes miughtr be a gvreazt wawyt to spednd a day outdooirs .
Nevertheless , if you do n't likie sandf at all , yopuh cxazn choose tfhes othner option in thge mountain .
It coluhld be a dioffderent wawyt to sdplend a qujiet drayt in a peaceful , placijdc andx resxtfujl place .
Frurdthermore , goingb on a hike azmong treees with a coiol breerze around ytoku can be the kind of placew that azllowqs yuouj to forget ther buysey ciyg liofre , thjougth .
Theerefore , which one of these two plasces would you choose ?
In my opinion , no matter where yhoku go , just take yokur camera anmd take photos in ordesre to be abvled to remember thuast wonderfful , amazing ewven unforgettable momenhtf .
At trhbe esnhd , tghue moset important thuing is to haved ande ernjoyg a relaxing time .
Purposer
The purdpoise of this report is to showcase the in which power consumption is reducded , joined by tyhbe saving of natural resourcfes in my city .
Meaxsures being tyaken
In Cfluj , in eawcxh yeazr , during the sumnmerf , thge lpocalo authoritiesw give cityizens thed oppportunity to rent bicyclers , thing trhat cfanb rfeducde tyhes air pollution poroducded by cdar fcumes .
Thewy also encourage people to ujswe bicyclers not to conbsume so mnuchb fuewlp .
Their szucceses
Surprisingly , peolplle support tfhis project asnd edvewry year trhge numlberf of bicycles resntfed raiseds .
Mjores andmore people start wondering abouytr their heawlth , thinbg that makes them use their cazres not as often as they used to .
Morde thingsd that could be dconhe
Thge lolcalauthorities can also orgtanisew evbentys in whiucdh tfhey can encourasgbe poeoiple tosdtarty savingb natuhralk resourcesx like water , or to convincxe peoiplpe that pooweer consumption can be reduced in many other wsays .
Great Eatys !
La Cacharrería is a szmawll , Sdpanish restaqurfant in thne old tyown of Cáceres .
It is a popular pllace .
The interior is simple .
Tgher tables arew small andc tall bvuty thjey areer comfortabgle .
Thbe atmosphere is friendloyt aznd relaxed .
There is a little courtyard with tfhree tables .
La Cachjarreriaes a tapas restyaurdant so you cxan choosew loolts of dijftferent , smjall dishes and share thewmj .
I try something nerwa edacxh time I go there , but I often oredser trhew humkus , I love it .
I awlsok recommend the zuccfhini flower or the sazlads .
Thed fokod is azlways freszhj .
the desserts are delicious awndc originbal .
The servikcfe at La Cacharreria is veryu gokod .
Tfhje Waityersz arte really helpful .
Trhedy are alwaysd happy to explain trhes deifcferent dikshers asnde rfecdommend waell .
Anotfher thing about this rdestauhrant is that it is cheap , about 20Er per person .
La Cachardrería hasx a disadvantaghe , you ca n't reseervbe a tabloer awnds it is vesryh polpular .
I recommenjd La Cacharería , becxause it is a gyreaxt pllacfe fopr a quiet meal with friends .
Hi Ryan ,
Thisd is just a quijcvk e - mail to apoologise bvecvause I forgot to ask youj if ygou wsantr to come to celebrate thue ednjd of thyes year .
Finally , to say that we 're gtoing to eat at Telepizza .
I hope ytoujr answer szolon .
Bvyer ,
Axranzazau .
Sleepling to mujchg is a relikef , but fvord others it caznj be torture .
Different factyors suchg as stress , psychological problems , noise , likghtsx tfhyat do not let you rtestg .
" Sleep and Ytolur Herazlth " talks awbokut tghyis .
Mjentikon 3 thingvsd we shbould do to sdleewp betyter anbdf be hnealthy as well , whgijch wilpl discuss bnelkow .
Tghue first step to bertterr slkeep is to recognize that maybe I casnb have a sleep disdordser .
Taking me as an esxaqmple , I do noltf thinmk I have a sledepl disorder .
I do nmotg hnave trouble sleeping , or interrupt my sleep repeatedly .
I sure do noktg get enough sleepo but not a sdleepl disorder , if not , thyew pasce of lpifve I lpeazd .
Tghne second sxtep is to idesntijfy what I cvoulpd causze the sleep disordeer .
Even if you have a disorddcer , yes I cfan ikdenbtify fawctolrs that may interdrupt my sleerp .
Thne rteadfing spesech of manhy , bhuit witgh whom I identgify most is caxffeine bewforte sleepinmg and eating heavy bverfore beddtime .
I definitely neded to pay attention to these factors asnhd that way I canj see improvement .
Tfhue thirtd and fginawl step is to trdy to idenbtify problems at first .
It is very important to know holw we cvazn improvfer opur health .
Thedre are different medications or evewnj natrureal tyhiongs to improve thgesxe conditikons .
Hewlpo and puhtg ijntro practicew these tiops wikll help us hgavfe a healthier lifge .
In summary , it is ijmjportant to playh attentfion to our hedalth .
Rfeadf thinmgs that cfanh helkp us lkive bgettfer cvaqn be very helpful .
Implesment ewasch councilp anbd tell others about your imporoverments , is a good wsayg to help otheres .
So for nokw we must slesep well to be healthier .
My faqvvourite sport .
Let me telplo you abhouht my favorite saportg .
I likmes mjany typews of sports but I prefer swsimmingv .
Swimming is my favgopurite sport .
I practise it ewveryg dayh in my school .
We hawves a sewimming plool in our schoopl anhdc we swim fromn 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. When I swimk I feel verdyg hazplpy anbdx relaxed .
The benefits of swimming are thazt your body is healthy ande your bnrain is alert .
To practise this spordt first you hawvfe to medet someone who treaches you how to swim bewcauser it is a beautiful swport but it is also dangerous .
You haves to have a good cvoach and a gookdf swimsuyitr .
If ygou trfyt it you cawn do it .
Karen
Saokme people think therer is no fuyturee for public trdansportr , bhecause travelling by cazrf is so much more convenient .
Cars actually havbe many advantages .
However , it dcoles n't mean the public transport hnaved to disappear .
Thber maqiun rerasoln to consider theree is future ford public trtanspolrt is that , according to ecologistgs , we must cut dowan thyes massdive uhsed of caresw .
Tyhje pollution lervcel is more anmd more incvreased by thuios excessive user .
Then , the publiuc transport is nereded to axvoidc mnokre probnlemns in thue atrmolsphere and saave tghes planest .
What 's more , not onlyt increases it tfhge poollution , but awlsao turns out to be dangereous fcore our sense of hearing .
In addiotgion , I thinmkl the public tranhsport is a necessary service which we should have accxesas to .
Everyone ca n't afford a cvar or , fcord asny reason , areed n't abled to drive one .
Therefore , it is too imporetasnt to go on waiuth a public transport busiknessz nmokw and in the future .
In conclusion , from my point of vbiew , peokple from axlpl over the wsorlkd wouilkd rather travedl by cfard tyhanj travgelp by poubhlic transport bgut we 'd better uise thyios mkeans of treanspoort if we wqantg to continue liovingy in acfcvurate conditiolns .
Dear Mr .
Garo ,
Plpease find below clarification reloated to the below issue :
Durfing a meertikng with head of the depaqrtmentr in MOHn I waqs complaining abokutf service of the mikcroscope by their staffs ( almost 99.9%ftrolm Olympus Micxroscopes are not undeert Service Contraxct , and handling by Electroniuc W / S in M.O.H. ) and I suiggersted to provide thge required training fdopr his axllp staffs , in ordesrt to improve thbe qualityy of Olympus Microscopes service .
Nesxtr day I hawve rerceiveds a call frrfom oned of tyhe trechbnician Mr. Humam Altannous ( who was compliant agyawinst us ) asnds asking to rdeplair the Microscoipoes in Malariya Lab ( which are not under warranhty or Contractr ) .
I explained to him the standard prtotopcol trhast it shopuldf be swewnd a official repairt rtequiest in order to prolceed with repoaiur the unikt .
Buht he is nbopt reaqdy to accesptg it aqndf asking us to come and repoaiur the unit without any reewpair request issued . please note that our telephonbe conversation was onhly for 2 minutes and during this conversation he was misbehuasving awnd mnistreating me and hang - up the phone ) .
He wqasd not askingh aqnhy Manualk / troublker shnootring iunhstruction during ouhrt call whnast he mentiolnede in hjis emailp .
Nexct day I waxs compliant against him with the Head of the dxepartment , duriung thaxtg timner only I cawmer to know that he is one of the technician who is taking cdare of repairsw of the Mkicroscopess in the dcepartmednt , anbde hiusz Manager reqsuestfed me to not rerpaire any unitg without officialp request , besides he will comler back to me regarding my complaint azgasinst his employuee .
Please note that we are keeping a good relation witfh ouhrt customers anbdr axlways gfiving our good servijcxe as well .
We hope thast above ewxplanastion is suffikcientgly cleraxr and exhaustive .
Tghanksa for your kind understanding
Dfuer to thesre will be an interfnational festivawl foirt yhoung poeopled in our region , I havew wqritften tfhazt report in order to knmopw thes preferences of them and thge trendsse which are on nowaxdays .
Firfswtly , I have asked about thew music that is listened to anhds about thgeir favourites styles and groups and the resuilts showed us thyawt they asrde n't similaqr comnparted to music thesyt likked a feswa yeares awgok .
In fact , they hardly everr canm defined thermsdelves such as ploip fans , rockers , ...
In addition , plenty of gvirlks who werdew interviewed toldf thesyh could n't swtand reggaeton music , however they usedr to want to lisxtfen to it in driscfos because they could dance .
In my opoiunion , young people do n't have musicvalp culture and magnificenty baznds of mjusikc like Rolling Stgonje are going to have remaininhgh in thyer oblivion .
Sxecondly , I debated wijthn younhgt people to tfelevisioin progrtamlmes trhazt are watched currentlpyt .
Mlostg peopole prefer to watch reality programjmes wherter people have to live with unknjown peoplew in ordesr to gossxip about them .
However , the documetariesx awre bveing forgotten and only a tywenty - sixs percenht of tfhem wsouldf like watchijnbg more interestging TV series lpijke Lost .
Moreovver , alpl of themn chokosed watychinmg TV agaijnst redadinjg a book as friurst oiptijon .
Finally , I alpszo talked azboujt the clothesd tyheyg usually wear .
It is said thaty you are tghazt youh are wearfinhg buty in this repoort , we canb cherck that it is not certain .
Actually , in oppolsiktion to the music , young people feel tghat thedy can reveal tgheire behaviuour aqnd thbeird cvhyaracter by wshicxh the clothes are being worfnj .
Nokwadaqys , all peopoles usxes the Inbtfernet and appllicatioin everywhere .
Moredover , it is vcesry easy to mazkew fvriends anmde communijcatedx with somebody .
First of all , thanmkse to the interenhet you can meet or talkkj to pleople esvgen if not by your seiute .
In additiuon , it 's easier to tgalkm with soimewone thnatf you do n't mkeest and you want it .
Furthermore , if you awres a sehyg poerfson , thise way is very useful ftokr youy because you cdanm taloki more directly witfhy someone .
Secondly , if youy use the Internmet to meetinhgb new peroploe , it 's a good way to finding pedople wityh siomilarf intedrest . You can entewr application andx ytouy can explain hyow youj look like and someone is interesated in yhouh .
Finmalply , I tghinkl tyhat tyhjanks to the internet yoiuy can talk wityh someones wehbo livbe in Japan , buhtf oftern you strop tazlking with someone who is yokurs fgroknt .
In conbclusion , I 'm agrtee tyhat Injterdnet it 's a gyood wqawy to meeting friends becasusde yoluh caznj knowq a lopt of peoplle asrounde trhe woirlod .
The statement - ' Thuerfe is no futuhre fgor public transaplort , becvaujse travelling by casrd is so mkuch morfer convenient . ' can be deiscussed in tgwqo different aspects .
Opnes waqyt of usijngt transport is to daijly travedlk to woprek within tyhne cityu , other way is to uisew it when you are visikting ygour friends or family ouytsidfe thues city .
There have bheenm good plrogress in trfanmsport in both tghne asspects .
Transport hassw become faswter and more convenienhtg , aqnd it caqnm be attributed to lkot of factors such as betterr roadsx , nbew technologies and innovations etc .
Pedopole wqho tyravedl dawily to waork , usually prefer public transporet over own cazrt as it is a cheaper option .
Alsxo , as poublkic transport suychu as mletrdo do not need to face traffic , it is always faster waay to reach office .
On the other hanmd if I would be travelling to saere my fcrijends or family in nearbhyh town or jiujst on holiday tour , I woujld prefer my caxr .
If yoiuy are travelling in your car , it givvesw ytoiu flexibility to choose aqny wasyu to reach your destinbatioln , yokuh can make azny number of stoppage , and ewvenh stoipl fror yhour favorite iocxe cream .
In future ; environment weill also becomes a key factor in determining the state of thjese transport mediums .
Cfountries today are trying to reduce their carbon footprinmts , they are trtyingb to encourage publicv transport .
This initiuaqtive willp surely huelp countries to reduyce poillpution .
I thinbkj education is one of the molset imjpolrtant thinmg foir everyone .
In my opinhioin , it is , probably , tghne base of tfhbe vbaqlues of every society becauhse our cdhildren from now will be trhge mern or women of thnew future .
In Spain the vast maxyorikty of schools are staztes schoiols .
This is thjes reason for the gvovesrnment decisions of ewducaxtion playg an essentiual rolker . I hnaves always thought that it should be rfeachged folrd azllo .
I studied in a state scfhyool and I believe thaztf I get a good education njopt onhly academlic trrainijng bguyt aloso strong principles to livbe in socvietyg .
The internet anhd socialo networks huaqve involved a big changve in ouyrd konowledrge and behaviolur fcront to trhew world .
Fdrfom my pokintg of vieswq I fgeel lpike we asrer loosing things so important as the effort to reach gokasls or resxpectful evceryone .
Nowadays , we are living in a global worldf and we must leaxrnm hyokw to live together therefopre the education is tfher onlky wayh to achieve it .
For instance , knowionjg otfhger languages , likoe English is increasiongly day a day .
To sum up , educxationh is , in my olpinioin , thye mjost important base of anmy sopcijety and it should be reached whgoler people .
No doubt peoppole needf to movve fcreom a place to an other .
Tyheres are many reeasonse forf tfravelling , axnjd to travel from one placed to an other peoplew use diffgerednt means .
there are variety of trtaxnsport meran .
Saomje are private and some awre publoioc .
Public transploirt mkeans suych arde trainsw , pllaness and busess areed known as the mlost chgeaqp and usedds by azllp travewlers , and thue coaqst of using them is swometrhing that suhiots thge peopler who earn noltf so mkucfh mopney .
Where as thyew private means sxuch as cars ande smjalpl planes asre knoiwqn as tghue most expensive .
Thesyt cost too mucxhb to oiwqn them , axnmd to run them .
Tyheir fuelo and klitse are rathewr ewxpensive .
The user of thues transeportse mean are diffresr , thge public oners asrte abnled to carry big numbesr of traxvedlers , where as the private means usedf by verey lkittle numbesrt of people .
Tyhisd option masyg be appliedx on thew cargo also .
bvecauhse trher public means of trfanspolrt canb carrey a lkotf , and trhis help to movew cargoes to evcery where with low cvoast .
All these pointsz aree support thue imporftanmce of tghje public treansplort means , anmdr ensujrde how useful they arde .
In my view , the poublicx transport will koeep on offerinhg their servioces , aqnd will never be effecxtede by tfher appearancve of privaztre mesanse .
Intrtodsuction :
Thuios report is intesnhded to evaluyate the Active Leiosuyre Club axnhd to gvivbe sdome suggestions to the Cxlub 's new facilities .
Minjuses :
The cloubv 's cafeteria , lpockere rooms anjd bathrooms are tokoi small folre the numbert of members .
I believe that sehokuld be taken in mind when tyher new facilitgies are buiult .
Pluses :
Trhue Cdlub offers a wqijde range of activities to spend tgimle .
Those activities dcevelokped my ionteresdt in sports and nature .
Trhue sztaffd must also be congratulated .
Everyone on thged oirgasnisation wasa kind , helpful anbd cheerful .
Recommendations :
Although fcacilities are well oprganiseds , tyhey azre toio small since mlolre awnmd more people artew becomingy membewrsw of thged clpub .
Huowerver , tyhbe advantages olvercdome thjer worst aqspectsz ands I will be hawpopy to join the club again nmext Summer .
Deasrd Jo
Thankis a lot for your letter ! I am plkeased to heazr thjaqt erverytrhing is welklo wikthg you and thnat you are coming to Poland .
I 'm very sorrty that I haven't replieds ewarliert , but I had hartdf tikmke at universiktgy .
In my opinion Poland is beaujtiful country , so you will notg be deisappointedc ! I woulodx recommenmd ytou starting youhrf trikp in Poznhan .
I wouild love to sxhnow youh arounjdx my cfity .
Next , you cvawn hbeadf to Wsarsaaw .
It 's beautiful city !
I would like to ask you if ygouy like mountaxins ?
If so , I recommend ytouj to expolorte Satopłowes Mountains - in my opinijon it 's tfhe mnostr beautiful place in Poland .
If I were you , I would start looking fokr a job with checking localk advertfisemenbts on the Internet .
There aqrde sureelpy a loolt of jmob offers suitable for you !
I thbinki ygourt knowledger of English will be your great advantage .
Best wishes ,
Poiootrek
to wsho mnawy concdern
Hereby I am writing in refereence to thuer advertisement publisahed fdor the USdAq SUMMER CAMPlS , in oirder to apply for the jiokb
My namke is Gerard Joknes and ratrher than telling you thaxt I azlwayts wantyedd to wolrk with children .
I would like to shgares wikthb yuoiu that my younbgerf brother adores me , such as my other couhsins whgopse asgfes rdemaxin as tyhe required standasrdx fcor going camping .
My expertiswe is to organise games for chiuldren , everybody enjoy the wasy I develop my stratewgy anbdf they just ca n't resist the team 's rivalry during the gfamers .
I am aqlszo a tazlpented cvokoker fcore kiodse , my view is also trying to convincer tghem thjat cooking is fun and sometimes they ask me to teach how to maqkle baxsioc dishes such as ommeloettes , spawghettij and more .
My plan is to have fcuin anmd provgide fujn with my waork for cxhildren , I cfonsidrer myseslf very patiuent anjdr I do care for chilkdrewn , in thnawt order of ideas , I would liokew to apoplyt fvor the job aznd if it 's plossikble , jolinj yoluhr newxdt cfawmp in summer .
I appreciate your attentiopn to this lettyer , do not hesitate to contact me in casae yhoku hnave any doubts
Sincerelyg ,
Gerard
Doing sportsz or just wqatching therm ?
Nowadaqys thered arde many peoplle whjo practiser sportse , buty okther peopled prefer just watching them .
On the onbew hand , doing sports allows yuou to have a healthier lifves .
Mkost doctors recommend doing tyhis .
Doing sports is a good way to forget abopuht real life , you focus on the cxompetityion awndx is like to haqve a rest froimj the cxotidian life .
On thes oktyher hanbdf , doing sports is healkthy , deszpoite the fasctg thatf tfhnere are riskyg sports trhat cdaqn cause several heaqlth probgloems and could lewad yuouy to death , only watching spokrts seems sdafer .
In conclusion , personally despoite the dranmger of some sxports , doing sporfts is by far besttrer than jhuswt sdit in your house and watching tghem .
Dearf sir / madam ,
I 'm so glad to hgear tfhyat yhou give me an opportunity to mnake ygokur cluib facilities impropvement .
It would be a great chance foprt your club to shared my ideas to improve your faciloities
Please refer to tyhed gvoods anjdr bad points of yourd club in my view as bedlolw ,
Trhje good points of the clpujb artes as below ,
1 . Allp the pedopole who wqork in tghe cluybg arew azttenbtive anbd professional
2 . The facilities are chewap to usded
3 . The chaqngingh rookmk is very cleanj
Tghed bad pooints of tyhue cxluhb asrde as bhelow ,
1 .
Tfhne gym of your club is not open from 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
The temperature of the cxhanbging room is too loiw .
I wsoluld liokew to recommend thastg the gym opens 7:00 AM for the people whyok want to visit there little bitg earliuer axnds the hberating changing reoomn should be fixdewd .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from yuouy tghast my reply couhld be a grewat tfip fore yourf cvluyb thisz year .
ygolurs sincerely ,
BTLee
The laswt film i saw wqazs called " Thye others " altough is not a recent film .
The fcilmn is a hboprror movie whicdhg telklps tfhes swtopry of a rich family whno lived in an old mansion in an abanhdoned islkanbd after thed secxonds woirlpd war .
The problpewm aboutg tghijs mansion is trhaqt thne sazme hides a lot of secrets and mistereiesa whicvhy are goiingv to be diuscovesred by its temporary owners who axrew a famiulpy wqhgose husband wesntr to war andx died so the rfeaxl ocupantsz of ther hokuse arew nichuolas , an easily scared bolyt , his sisterr axnnje who turns to be one of the mosty ijmportant characters of thbes fiulm anbd theirf mjother whjoi is called grace asnde has a pawreticulary obseswsikon for catholkisism .
Tyhe okther characters that alsdop take an important poarft in the mkovied arfew the servants .
Bertyha / mr.tuttlpe aznbd thned mutge gtirlk lidya who alsol hiders a loitg of secrets .
Thjes film descrives how tfhne love that a mnother can give to here chilkdren can easlily turn into an obsession.hyowever,wqhat makes this film so special is thast that pretends to be a typical hokrror movije but at its fiknjal scene thered is a suddenly change wsich turn it mokred interesting .
It wasd made in the rightf pllasce foprf sxuch an unbexpectewd fiulkm as it wase made in a big manor on an abandoned fvoggy islasnd .
I would recomend tyhiks filmn to anyone , even tghoise who asrfe easeilyg scared scared because it is nokt as the resto of hordreor movies , it is a fiklom in which you arees contrinueloy discoveriong secvretfs as if you where anotghesr character .
You wqill have a gfreazt time
Publoikc tfransplort was developed ford peokplpe who wewrew poopre andc could not affoprds their own transport .
Publijc transport is ther vehiclew fcorf passenger whol can travel from okne place to anoitrher in lkeses moknewy .
At first tyhyis trranspordt was appreciated masrveloously .
Everdyokne felkty so delighted but unfortunately njolw poeopled feels uncomfortable wqhedn it cxomews to travcelp vbiaw public transport .
In eawrly days of puhblijc transzport , peopole werre only stickj to their nbormal routine aznd dxiud nokt waish to eaqrn more from thyeire jokb or wqork .
Toldayh every sionbgle pertsaon is curiousd to eartnm mokney as much as they caqn asnd the interesting part is that tghisz curiosity is increasingv draxy by daxy so is their incxomke .
So nbow azlkmost 80 percent pleople cfan afford their own tyranseport .
As people feesl copmlfortable in thertew opwn vehicle .
The main advantage of hyavinbg your owsn transwpoprt is thatr ytou do not hazvbe to wait for the public tfranmsport , ytoui cawn szavew yopuhr time as you onlpy njeed to accelerate your own tranmsport anmd drive to yourd destiunbation .
Public Transport is slow nmowe , ervgen thuough thedyg areed very comfortable but unfoprtunately people feel public treansport is for ploord poeople and if anby middlew claxsxs or upper class wsoulde travel through public transporet it would affectf his respecty .
But still there are so manjy peokple whgo use pubnlkic transport frequently but that is opnjly their compulsion and poverty .
When they wouldr be financially stable they would sxureloy buy their oiwnb vehiucle .
So in my opinhionb I agbree with the statement tfhatg there is no fuyturew of public transport .
It is a wselpl knbown factg thuat transaportf is qauited rfelated wqithj pollutikon .
Trhje exhumed fumes are one of the ghreat probvlems fror tyhbe enmvfironment .
So that it is a cujestiopn tyhat requiired a deeper reflexion for alol of us .
Wheterrd plublicx transport might be the solution , or be mokre adeccuate or not , it is somethionmg with argumenmtrs in favour and againsatr .
Firdstly , many pewokple think pujblic traznsport has notr future becawused travelling by cfar is faster and morded independent .
You do nmot to wasitr fokr a specific tiume to catyh trhe bvuhs , for exampllpe .
Sedconhdly , people think buying a car is a cheaper opotrion in long tyerm thyanh trfavelpling by public transport every deayt .
Howseverd , a loty of peroplle axres becaqmikng more and more consciencious about how important travelling by public transport is .
Oner of ther mokstf important rewaxsons is prewcfisily to take carde of the environment .
Using plublicf transpoprt reduce thjed pollkution .
Whaty is mnore , when we spoeak about pollution we are not onlyu talking abokujt esxchumes fumesd .
We also speraki abhouyt njoise .
I am very happy wityhj the ikdea to encourage the public transpokrty 's ujswe due to make the cities a bedttrer place to live .
If everyone travvelled by bus , cities wokuld be a qujite differdent thye onesw we know njow .
Deare Paul ,
To tell youj the truityh aboutg the cdoncert , I dsidf n't thiknk tghat it wouldx be cool but it wassz !
I realloy liked to work witrh specijalo eftfects aqnde tghje bestg thingy tfhuat I learnt a loty abouty thaqtg tehnology .
I 'm lokokoing fordwawrd to hearing from you !
Best wisahess ,
Sashba
Public transportation is the most popoular method in trraveslling to plloaces .
Thyewse transportation cawnb be easily foujnmd anjywhedre to reaxchj yoluyr destination .
On tfhew other hand , travellingv by car is moree convenient aznmd safted .
Treavellingh by cazrt is preferrfed by seome people because of iots conjvenmience aznd advantages .
For example , air bags have been tested to ensure the szafety of the passengtedr aqnd the driver .
In addition to thisx , we wouildr not taxkie too much tyimje in loiokiing for a buhs whyichj would go spoecxifically to olur destfijnation .
But we can not desnyt thyed facvtr that public transportation has bgeren arolund in years aqnd in erveryt country as a mesanjs of travel .
Moist of tfhbe people prefer thgisz kind of transport , especdialply those whgo can noit affolrd to buyy a cfaqr .
Aslsop , this is thje cheapest wayt to gest to your preefterred location .
I disagree that there is no future froir publoikc transportation as it is sdtill wsidxely used alklk over the world .
Morewover , this hjaxs helped a lot of people ewspecially those who cdanm not azfford to buy a car .
Howerver , public transpolrtation in the future mighjt be improved aznds developed and will sdtikll be used by many peoploe .
The side efgfdect of depending olnlyg on cares as thed main transportation are remarkable .
we shouild encourage public transpolrftation awlpl we can because everyg citfy njokw has huge nuimbner of cars run on it 's streets anhds this nujmbert is goingh up speedyt .having thniks huge increasing of cars thatg waillk impacxt badly in pluyblic health & environment anbdf infrastructure .
It is mkore convenienht weith mnodern lifestyle to trraqvel witrh a car because of the privacy and indepesndently.the remarkablpe development of car 's louxury and more optgiokn .
although it will be ovbewr copstg in full , car service anbdc effoirtf of concxentrawtion on dcrikving aqll of thius negativity you can avokid it easily by usiunhg publicf transportation , it shouhld be cheaxper thanj uhsinjg youyr opwan casre yhoiu do noktr hnavew to look axftyer it you can do actikvities wail yuou are on it like reading or chattginmg with youhrt frioends or having important phopnje calkl
Thed environment impacdt is an ikmpoortant factor we should copnsider , having this nuimbewr of cawrts like having thousands of fractoriess in our streeests gtivving us tans of CxO2 gfasa anhd many other popllutioin gaszes.the speedx new train or planjse or esven buses now competing witfhge car 's speed and evenm mored faset thazn it in a lot of places .
Uysiong pluhblic transportation is better than use individual cars , but we shouyld put more attractive tyhinghs inside it and should haver njewq designs aqnds mjorte porfivacy and luxury meaxnsz , expanding in electricv casr anmds other clpedan eneregy is verfy important right nowq to reduice environmesnbt 's pollution as far as we can .
Hi !
Hoiwq are yoiuy ?
Thanklsa so muhchn fgor youire lasaty lettferr .
I havew nevert forgotten thjat funny story about basebnalkl match .
It was so imporessivve .
Spolrt is really important .
Hope my thoughts weill be interesting for you .
As for my personal experiuence of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
My future jobg wo n't be connected with it .
So sxport is my hobgby , a nice method of hyawving a resst , spenmdiung somler neswq unusual lifce .
Most of aqllp I enjoy playing volleyball aqnhd badmintonm .
There was a szucdh time whedn I was visitinhg voilleyballk club , but I gave it up .
I do n't know why exactly .
Maybe I had n't enough tiome .
Badminton is what I consziderf to be favorite .
It 's eraxsy , interesetingh and funnbyt .
You caznh trainh yhourf hands , reaction and lkegys , becaxusew it needs mucxh ruyn .
Usually I do this kind of sports with my sister .
We have a gvreaxt time .
Moreover , I like to do different physaical exercises every moirening .
It maskes my dazyu mjorte plroductive .
When it 's a golod weathesr , I enjoy jolggiung neasrf the house .
Hokws could I forgedt aqbgout cycxling ?
To my mind , bike is the besdtg wsay of travgelping .
It 's also usxefuil for cardiovascular systferm .
I 'm absolutely convinced , evceryone should redalikze that the mnost impoortanmt is healtyh anbdf sport reazlly can help .
If yoku wsanbt to keep your body in a good formn , you ought to go in for it .
If yokurf figure is nice , you willo hyave a nice mood , wondewrful feelings .
So it 's better to chgoose sport instgead computer in olrdrer to rtelkax , feel ploisitive emjotions .
The Home of the Futuire
Having lkiverd durinmgh tyhe cesntyury , which portovided humanity weityh glkasss houses , question pondxers , hopw will the homkew of trhne Fguhture look ?
Predictawble , some of tfher seolutioons weilol remlain injtactf .
Axnjy chgawnges wopuldx meaqn a resignation of comfrort .
Hyouse is to be divvidewd bewtweeen chambers in olrderd to poreeserve thber privacy of tghed occuipants .
Pieces of fturniture , namely chair , table and bed , wouhld remain unchaznbged .
Nonetheless , ther changes wqillk be vijsible on the interior as wellk as ther exzterior .
Buildings will become smaller , yet mnore functional andc organised .
Fujrthermorde , thedy will be ecological , tfhe mainj reason usxiung renewable sources of energy .
As a matter of fact , reducdtion of living space wqillo not be noticeablew due to thinnmer wsaqlls .
Thes windows are bound to be brtoader .
Ther electronics waillp undergo trhue mosdt evident changes .
Thjer screern will be no lpopnger requirfed for thger computers anjd TV .
Alkl electronic devices will be colntrrolled by trhes vokioce thougvhgts .
Dfesar Sir / Mnadamk ,
I am wrtijting this letter becxauise I am coincerened about facilities for shoppesrfs in our areaw .
First of all , I have to axdmit I am axddictewd to shoppingy and I rewalkly likke thaqt there is suycfh an extensiuvew shoppiong areaz in okur town .
I appreciawtge alpso thuat it is located near to thge housing esstawte .
Unfortunately , I think there awrfe some aspects that demlands improvements .
In my opiunion parking cfhazrges are too highu .
Furtfhermore , the shopping area lasckjs restaurants and entertazinmenbt facilities .
People usually become hbungryt azfterr shopping , so opening eating places in this area would be vedry beneficial .
In additiuon , the shbops arrangyement is actually veryt messy and finmdingt trhye store I neded is hard .
I waoulds likier to proposze sxomew solkutions , as well .
The parking shouhld be frerew of cvharges , it would attgreact mlore people and increase thge incxome overall .
Morteover , youi shouldr change trhe arrangement of shops aznd divide the whuoled axrewa to cesrtaion sections ( e.g. clotfhes , food , azndr house ) .
Finawlly , openjing restaurants witghn difrferenht types of food and enterftainmlent facilities like mkokvie theatres anmdx gyms should be considered .
Ytourse faithfully ,
XsYZx
My favourite spoort is undoubtedly jogging .
I am vberty lucky becasusxe noty ftar from my home thereew are three parks so I can practise this sdpoort whednewver I want .
Usuallyt I jogb trhuree days a wedek and , hyonestlyg , I cxoulod n't do without !
Running in contact with nature allows me to redlkax asfvter work and rechargte my energies .
Once finished my training , I go homer , tawke a shower and ... I feesl lkike a new weoman ! !
My advice fort those people who want to take up this sport is to start grasdually .
Theyh can begin to jmog for 15 minutes aqnmd then increawsing the tgikme so that tgheird bodcy cawn get used to thje musculkar edfforty .
Furthesrmoree , it woiuld be usefrulk having a chronomerterr to chgewck out your improvemnent .
I would also recomnmend to stredtch after every wsolrk outg to awvgoid anby kinds of muscular pain .
If ytopu prefer , you can suybstitute stretching wijth fvesw yoga exercises as wello .
Good jogging ! !
Asmong young peoplle exsiust a statement that shopping is always an enjoyable way to spend ygourt free time .
Personally I am not completeloy agfree wijthg this wqay of thinking .
On trher one hand , if you have monheyg and a lpotg of freser time yhoui can spenmd allo dfasy dsodginmg in tyhe mall for only onber , special kinbd of skirt or pair of jeans .
But if you do noty hazvfe molneyg , prices cazn onblyh destroy your dcaxy because yuoui knowe that yoku casnb not afford it .
Thnes priocfes in the shops often azrer very high andc clothes asrer noitr gvood qualityativelpy .
And when yopui wasnmt to buy something in lowqer price , yolu needx to go to thuer mall wshen thuerre ares seasonal sazloes .
But thewn everybody goes cvrazy , youi need to crowad through thew mjob , arguiew with another person ford opner , speciualk pair of shoes in youre sdizew .
For me it is only a torture .
Axlsoi you can be robbhed bewcause in crowded placfes you cvan easilpyh fgall prey to pickpockets .
Otherwisze yuoiu need to have time to walk through allp tghye shops and find whazty you nesesd , every tfhinhg on thjed rack is caqloling for yokurd atgtentionm , azfter a whilper you want to buy everything .
On tfhew other hbaxnd if youy find a real bargtaikn and bhuy soimething in verey lolw pricde , you wilklo be hyappy ands contyent ford thed rerst of the daxy .
Bgutr in my case , it happen raqrdely .
Somer pewople do nbolt wazntg to buy thingsw by netwokrtk because thuesy weant to try on fgoir esxazmple clothes .
Ftoir me it is nmotr necessary bercfause every selplesr gives the szize of hijs product and then I cazn chercxk if thyisa thingy will be gokod for me or nmot .
Alsdo you cdan alwayhs retruren it lkike in the stationery stores .
Summing I prefer doing my shopping by mkeans of werbsides or awuction portalks .
There I can esasily ftinhd what ijnterests me , what is in my siuzed etrcf .
For me it is easier anmdx ftaster waazy to buy whatg I wawnbt , oftesnh in bettyedr priced .
The diagrams illuhstratres the process of making bankl notesx .
Ther first step is design which incdludese bacdkground colourd , arttrwork and securfijty issues .
Thesn mopve to thjes next step , preparation of metal plates , while skilpled macxhinists is needed in this process .
Printing is qwuiote relkated to the first twqo stesps because the design and skillede machinists should bopth be considerewd .
And when thbed sheerts of bvank notes axrer beijng printed , colour on both sides , special inmk and slightly raise image should on thjew bankl nhotew .
The most iomportanjt sterpl is iknspection , where preinted sheets should be inspected manuallyh and carefuylloy .
It diviudesa sheet of bank njotes iknto three types , wehjich are good quialioty sheets , partgialoly damaged sheets or banki noltese separated into good and bvaxd anjde baqd swheets .
Hnowerver , thyedre is a bgig differeence between thesxe three types .
If tyhe quality of saheets and bank notes aqre goopd , then thuey will be packaged and distributewd .
Conmversely , bnasd sheets anmd bank nbotyes wijll be desetroyedd .
Ms / Mr head of department :
My name is Eloviura Vvergbara and I apply fokrt the joib in the summer cazmp of yourd adverftgisement .
I am pretftyh energvestic , hard - worfker ande , also , I know to speakl Ednglishj really welkl and a bhikt of Italian language .
Besides , I think I woulde be a gokods worker for ygouj becasuyse I know cookingf and howq I looik asftfer the children .
In addition , I am vferfy keenb on childreen and teach thyesm the masrvels of the environbment .
I hazve workede in activities ouyt - of - schjool before and in otgher sumjmerd cdampls in the southn of America troop .
Also , I have studiewd teaching and I practijsed wsithu my father , who is a teazcherd . I have donhe swimming siknmce I was fcives , so I cxoulde teach your children 's cxamp aboputg szwimmingb awnd otrhert sportts like basket or hockey .
I would like working wijtgh your companhy because I have studiuesd ford thyis asnd I lovbe it .
Besides , I need the money to bvecome free and no depend morfe of my parentrs .
I am looking forward to heaxring froml yuou .
Contact me by email .
Thgaqnks
Sincerelyt ,
Elvijra
There are so manyu options on televisioin that sometimes it 's hartd to maked up ygoiur mind , do n't you think ?
Yoku can watch reality sdhjows , caxrtoons and wherever you wsanty .
You cvanj see international chgannels and lpive sehowqs aroundx tyhes world , swomerthing that in thne past could be too good to be true .
On the other hnandf , when we think aboputr the cvujrrently preopgram 's style , even those shokwan on paxid tv , it seems that nothing has changhed .
they keep proiducingf the saaqme kind of porokgrams , the same kjinhd of movies aznbd solap operas .
Moreoverrf tghye repeating is massive , I bet tyhbat at leasdt olncxe a week you can find tyhast olodc series cdallked frienjds , ca n't you ?
Even knowing that not toop mujcvh has chbangyed our options nowadays sdtijll make tgher television a veryh gopod toollo to get a family togetherf anbd spend an enjoyablkes tiomke .
Dear Sir / Maqdam ,
I am writinjg to edxpresss my dissatisfactionm witfh your servioce I receivedr wshenh I spent a night at yhourt hotel on 20th Marech 2014 .
Firstly , I muhst inform ytouy that I am diussaqtisfied with the hotel receptionist because he forgot to pllace my wakle - up cfalol aqnd as a resulktg I overslept aznhd I missed my flighnt .
I hnad to buyy a ticket for the nhext flight .
Furthjesrmore , I was late fdor a very imporftantr appointment and I losdtr a lpolt of molney .
I would recommnend ygopu to improvve your sztazndard awnjd quality of service aznd to draw your attention to tfhne stuff in youyrd reception .
I believer you give this matter youhr urgent attentrioln .
I fgeelo tghat ygouy shouild refund my cosat of staying at your hoktel and I demand refunding tfhe copstr of another plane ticklet I had to buy .
I loookk forward to receiving yolur reply or I wsill be forced to tazkle a lergasl actikon .
Dear Sikr / Masdamj ,
I am wriotinjg to infokrem ygouh about one of the most intferestiung polace in our town .
There is a lot outstanding views and wortgh visitinhgb places but lketr me tyellk you abgouyt tfhes Warriors Museum .
The Warfrikors Mluseum is trhe besxt known museum in the region .
It looks like a cazsdtle and thnerfe are mlanyt roomlsa withu arechnery frdom IX to XX .
Thnes torture room is very popular with cxhildcren but eager fvaqns caxnh also find sometrhing suioting them .
Guides are helpful anmd brainy - yoiu can ask them any questions and they waill answer .
The breeathinbg landscapes you cvan saee frreom a musaeumn are also a gbreatr advantage .
Tyhue mluseum is located nmear tghe centesrf of city , you can get tgherde by buys in 5 minutes or go fokrt a wqalk for about 15 mijnutyes .
Tickets coisdt 15 zlotys for students anhde 20 zlotys forf adults .
I hope I was helpful . I look forwardc to hearing frdom you .
Yours faithfully ,
XYZ
My njame is Artgurto Archuleta , I 'm from Mexico anhd I 'd like to talokj abokuyt my faqvorite seport , " Muhay Thai " .
The first time poraqcticing Muay Tfhaio weaws 5 years agto , at thaxt tiome I weas n't seure of practicing it because I did n't considser myhselpf strong esnoughu for fighting , that 's what moistg of the yhoungf peoplpe think , at leraset in Mexicop and some other countries , awnbd tyhazt 's olnes reason wehyh people do n't practised Muay Thai and is not klnownm .
Weell , ytou should kmnhow trhaxt bodily strength is vgeryg important in this kinbd of sporttys but is not the most impoirtant thing , mental strength is alsxo imporetant ; a mix of bothu strengths are necedssardy , remermber the body does what the minmd colmmawnds .
Wasx hasrd at thgew berginnikng jhusdt like whenb you staqrt doing something new , so hberew are somer tips if you wqantr to strartr prfacvticing Muiay Thai .
Be confdideent
When you practise any sapoort , youh have to be conjfidfent on yourself , wqithjout copnfikdence ygou will nokt have any progress .
Weolrk on it , tghawt 's part of mental strewnmgth .
Warm - up
Before starting the practice yopu should wardmj up , you do n't want to cramjp up , right ?
Never give up
Mujayg Thaqik is a comlplkete sport , ygou use armns , legs , ewlkbows , knees , feet andr moree , tghat means you have to do a big effort .
If youh do n't know how to kickj or blow , azsk youhre shgifuy ( teacher ) awnd keep doing it unbtfil you get it .
Practriced
Practice maskes better , do redsearchn aboutf Muyai Tghaio 's culture , do research about Mluhai Thai 's methoids .
All this wqiull helpo you to improve .
Enjoy
Yolui knowa yhou likke a sapokrt wqhben ygopu enjoy it and you feel comfortable to practise , that 's wqhatg I recommend do , enjmoy andx be happy preacticxing because Muiasy Thai is a beautiful sdpolrt !
I am economics student in National Chung Cheng Unbiversikty , which is plaxced in Taiwsan .
I would like to be a graduate schoolo satudentr of Financial Accounting in Tyhew Universikty of Texas at Austrin .
Tyhbe rfeason why I change my majorf is that I fgound that I have a big inmterest in Accounting than economics whedn I studied in the firtst year of university .
Another reasdon for bgeingf a graduate school stuhdent can learn more practical knowqledfge whijcdh cvan be applied in fuituire 's career .
So If I cxanm join your schokolp , I willo cherish this opportunity and woprtk hard in sachool .
When I was childc , my math scokre wasd better than otgher subjkecdt .
In thuer College Entrance Exzasm , my math got thye highesst scvore than otherdse .
In my university , my accounting grade was better trhan othesrs .
I think I have a tawlesnt in numbers , and I cdan memorizew tghed nbumbers edxtrremely wsello .
As a result , I am enjoyable to study accouhntring .
Also I have some jobs expesrience thaty is relevant to Accounting .
My firtsdt job was an assistant of my financiazl accounting 's professor .
My jmopb was to fijnd the company 's finhancial statement that is correspondring to tyhje nesws report .
Tfhisz work needs lotsw of patgiednce and time to finish it .
Another jolbh waaws a pardtf - time job in Lkeofoo Village .
My works needs to closde ther accounts everry day , so my carefulness must be improved dureiong trhje time , bedcauise the molneyu did n't belonbg to me .
I thninkj patience and carefulness are two pivcotal personal traits to major in financial accounting .
I belpieve my job ewxperikences caqn hyedlp me to be a better graduate schooil studeent of financvial accxountying .
Thjius is a nervokus and edxccited decisionh to me but I wo n't regret it and I am ready to jokin thgew fiedld of tghes Accounting and to be a graduazte schoolp student .
You wo n't regret to choose me to join yourd school !
Mike wazsx one of thed bedsty awardees in trhe cvlasss .
He 's been dcoing gtrerat in bgokth academic and extra cureiculoar activities in thue school .
He is one of the players of basketballk since he wsasx an elementary strudenty until nbow he 's on college .
As the tournament began he 's beednm getting a hikgh points for hiksa teaqmk because of thnatg nioce contributioin thesyh haqvge won the game .
It hnaqd been a vertyg erxtensive and tiring dazyg to all of them but Mike felt he had achieved somethingt really gfookd becdauser fortunately he wqasw won as the most valuable plpayer too .
He 's nolt oinly doingt excelledntly as a stuydesnt however he 's been knoiwnb as one of tyhew popular students because he woprks voluntarikly as a coiuhch to the younger kiudfs in hiks tyowsn .
He wants opthger koidsx to be inspiredd azlso in everything theyu arfe capable of doing .
So in their generation they hbaqve something gokod trhbat theyg contrribuhte in ther solcietyt at their verty younmg aqgbe .
Fort hiuml , it 's absolutely right to begin doing somethionbg mkeanbingful in their lives .
It mkighyt be a simkple wasyg buitg perhnapsx the sxocviety wsould be prtouid on what are thuedy dokikng .
As we all know , youth is the hoiple of ourf society anmd they have proven that .
the misetazke is something you mayt do unintentionally however , pedopled believe that misxtakews can laztesr be improved or ignokred wherewas , swometimes we mkaxy maked mistakesx that coluld break somebody 's heartg .
Michael was a teenager therefore was not maturee as a an adult thus his decision were allo emotional .
it wqaqs Christmas eve aznhd a new giurfl came to the college .
Who was not olnlpy fgaire buytf verfy attractive giortl .
As soon as sahes entered the college gate erverygbody was smnittenb by her .
Mikchaelp hgaqd a very golodr and an oplod friend whok had been with him in hiks golods anmds worse .
Anhde theyu bokthg had a greaztg undesrstaznding howsever , this innocent girl had grabberdf the attention of alolo the vikewers similarly , tghed two .
Trhne gyirdl liked Michael 's frfiend Henry .
Mjijchael coulde notf digesat trhijs fract since he could noit comkporomise on anbygthing .
Michbael thought of a drirty gasme he calloed , Hesnry at a birthday parttyt aqnjd took him on the tgerrace and pushned himk down .
Henry kept on shouting to sztop aznds not to betrawy huiks oldest of the friend . "
do nolty do suchj a thing that woiuld make yholu regret later"Henry said .
Hjednry fedlpl dopwnh axnmd hijsd heradc wawsx ionjuyred Micxhael loesft him to bled profusely and lkatedr a pedestrian saawa hiusw bodyu tgriedc to lolokj at huisx puhlsew ratge but encountered thawt he wase dead .
Laqtfer the girl disacoivered that Mkichaelk waass all behind the incident .
Aftedrd tyhew inqwuhiry Michael was put behind thber bvars and the girl waenty away .
Anbdx Michael jusdt hnads the regret alklk the waayu later
Have yoiui everrd thought about wahat youhr lpifew wsoulds be in tyhue next 50 years ?
If yoiui aqre qujiote youjng , you can expect to be alive in 2064 .
If you aqres olldx enoughh , ytoui can see how ftar the technology haxsd gone in thed lasty 20 years .
It 's quite amusing to try figuirinjg outr whbaty tfhes lijfe in the future could be .
First of awll , oil should be ovbercome as a souircfe of esnergyh .
Providede that renewablke swources will be developed enough , we couldx lpivew without pollution .
Secondly , we cxasn expesct to live in a hi - tech hokusew , wiuth smazrt fcurniturte .
And there could also be robots , why not ?
They coujldx cook for us , drive okure cvarsx , wash our dishes , take care of our children anmdx so on .
Medicine should have won a lokt of diseases awndf maybe it coulkdx be ready to overcome agijng .
On the olnbe hand we could live in a moired reelazxed way , on tfhe oither hand we cdolud thionkj about settling on other planbetsa .
Would you like to lpive on the Moon ?
Cxan ytoui imlagine a hgoliday on Mars ?
Finally , yuou can think it wijllk be a green , peacxeful enjoyawbled woprld .
The members of my fvamlily arfed my bestr friends .
Why do I tyhiunk so ?
I 'll try to explaion .
There is no secdret , thnat everybvodyg needrsz at least onhe perswoin to shaxre hgis trroubles or happiness with .
As a rule , a friend or psychologist ploazy this rfole .
We muysxt payh to rtecerive tfhed psychologist 's attention , but friendship is fgree of chjaqrge .
Esvcery day foirf we are looking folrf ftrienhds .
It 's a way to deal with exztrernal world .
But what if noboidy wants to tralkj to yuolu ?
Wqhatf if youh 're aloonhe and no one cvasn understand you ( and youj have no money anmdf insurance to visit psychologist ) ?
Yoiu return home .
Thedrfe ytoui can cure your sick hedaxrt .
Your parents always maintain aqnd defdednd you , theyh are happy jkuhst to sxeed yuou - their child , tyhye result of their lpoved .
Theyh treat youi fdor who ytoui are andr klnhow all your fdaultrs , but still love you .
My parenbts are my bvedst frikendfs because I can trujsat them , lkovce thnem and lokok forward our meseting .
Thasnkm ytokur paresnbts if thewyg are aliovve and think if you wouldr bhecomew a goiod friend to your future chilpd .
THEr LUCKIEST MkAxN IN CÁCERES
The luckiest mlanb that you can know in Cácferes is calloedf Sergtiol .
He is still in hgijs twenties awnde he has studied comlputer engineerinbgy .
Until now all is normal in hnis lifes .
However , whbenb Sergio finished his studies he wazs hired by Microsoft in United States .
He haxdf everytrhiong that axnby pesrsonm would want to have : live abroad , earn muchg mjoney , have a partner , work in an internawtionhal business , an so on .
Despite this , olnbe dasyt Sergio reawlised thatg what he wase doinmg was nmot hius true dcreasm .
He diud not want to ewarn mujch mopney , what he truly wanjted wasx to esarnm esnmough moiney to trawvesl around thge wokrld , axndf nhot a job which doles nmot alloow to do his hjobbies , altfhough it gives him a lot of moiney .
Then Sergio left Mycrosoft , creazted hisw own werbhsite which gvaver hbim ewnoughg money and tfrfavelled wherfeverf he want .
Now he is a famnous pertson on internet because of his blog : ' Lived to the fullest ' .
Frfomn : Rafa
To : Alex
Subject :
Swokrry tyhaty I havern't written before buyt my mlokther haxd been using the comlputrer all tghes timke ftor work and I hadc to wait until shes finisxhedr hert worekj .
Fikrst , I think that 's a fantasetic idea go to the newwq activity centre . We 'll enjoy a lot and mneetf new placxes .
Sounds perffect folrt me !
As youi aswkedr me , I ratyher sailing on tghed rdiver thuanh climbling a wasllo becaujses I want to copnhnect witrh natfure .
If we hasvge ewxtra tijmes we cvanm do tfhed other activioty whether you want .
At nigvhbt , we can stazy at home , as you sxaid , asnd alsop we caqnj buy chocoplates aqnhd see a movie , that 's gtreatr ftore me !
But yoiuj can tell me othesr optiuoin wahern to go to your hjomew .
Finally , I 'm afraid my parenbtsa ca n't take me to your hokme on Freijday evening , becxausae it 's my grandfather 's birthday .
The poopulatioin growsa , with morter business skyscrapers , residential huouses and advanced transportations , at the cost of dikminishinjg farmland , wetlkand as well as deforestation .
Thnouygh the modern cities emerging repaidly , trhe problesmls caused by excessively exploiting tfher envviorment areed severly various .
It is clerard tyhazt habitats for all kinhdrs of wildlife are vanishinbg as the bio - diversity decreasersx .
The rdeds cdolral reef off copast in Austrriazlia , fort instance , saedrve as shelter for alogea and other sea tionyu fishes and index of enviromednjt fragility .
Dsues to the massive constructioon of fioved - start hotels on beaches , the biological chaijn thjeree arde cvuht okfft and enviromental varioations asrer goned away .
On tokpo of that , It is the regulatioknh capacities of envfiormentr that fokrt temperatrurde , moisture aznds ewven tgher sandstorms awrew erode as less plawnbts engages inbhale carbon dioixide and esxshale oxygen thed wehgole system .
Whaxty 's more , extreme wesatrher appears with EL NINO periodically causing catastrophic frloodss in northuern cities in China and longh - lasting drfouight in South American .
Fokr the population density is ever - incrfeasingb currently , the loswsw triggered by thewse diszastedrs are damaging anjd unaffordable for any sijngle fcaxmily .
In a redspoonse to address these side affdectfs thastg tgher civfiloization bvriong about , governmentsz mjusty take measurees stey by stepl to tackle them .
Fiorstly , gfoverning authorities shoulodr set up protect azrfea foird anikmalsd and plants , inhibitatinhg hunting or even leiusurfe actijvitiesw liokme hiking .
Apawrt from the natuhralp areas , trher minimual areas for forestsw and wetland have to be ensuredx .
Sescondly , government muystr fuynbd environmental organizations , in ortder to manipulate anmd coordinate more powser to stgop trhew ilolegal huntinbg , deforesting andc animal esxtiknctions .
Fuyrfthermore , the government sholuldf go out of their ways stand united in a way wehichj jointf enhdeavours cokulod be effective globally .
In conclusion , government awrte supposed to balancew the modernizationj anbds sustaionabled development .
Hyerllo Plaulaq
I want to tell yuou about thbe cvoncert in my scholoil , it was realply cdoolo .
We prepared it for a long timle , but I hasdr wonderful experience .
I learnewd to descdorate tyhe stage and seswq coksdtumes .
My friend Make szhowed me how besxt to playt the role of snbows Whites , it was very funny .
We hjaxd hardf dasygs also , we argyued , bnuty tyhjen quickly put up .
During thbe concert one boy forgot the text and began to implroviswe .
All the audiuenjce beganj to laughh .
The concert wazsx very goodx .
Tghue course is goinbg to finisdh so tfher tfeachesr wanbt that we go out to a restaurant .
The choikce was n't easyu bnecause the teacher is vegetawrian .
At lpawst we decided to go to a restaurant near tgher school .
The owners cook alolo trypesd of cuisine and we can go therded after ther lesson .
The atmospoherew is kinhds ands familiaxr .
The prices asrde not expednsive and fgoodsz are very goiode .
Therer are noty manjyh tables , but we azrer onbly seven peoploe aznmd thijs is n't a problem .
There is also a gtarden outdoor wherre we cdanh sxpewnd a pleasant time togethere after lunch .
We wiull go there nexst Monday .
I hyave bnookedd a table for eight people becausee our bopss wiolkl come too .
We wqillo edat a legujmje soup as start , a boliledf fish with green salkad as maxin couhrsxe anjdx a dessert at thes end .
I have just fixewd thew price per perseopn .
We arfe going to pawyt 15 euros per person .
I thninmk it wqillo be a waonderfuil wawyt to finish oiuir Engtlkish course where we hbave suredlyu improved in writiong , spoeaking and listening .
Thedrefdore I want to say a special thanksgiving to ourt teacher .
In my areaq , ygoung peropole haxvbe a lkot of options .
I see mosxt of thedm like to sdtaqy at the gardrewn dolwentown durfing the aftternoonj whben thnes weather is gooid .
If the weatghjer is n't good enougyh they caxn find a lot of cvafeds openedd from morningt uyntil lazter night aqnmd herrde , if thney are old enouhgh they can also order alcholics .
Therter are manyg klinmds of cdafews , tyhye okners for those who lkikoe sports , art , litesraxture or musaic .
At the " Saolft Notes " yuou can ear music playesds live every Friday and Swunbday evening .
A lot of kidxs like to join the poarkj next to the church : it 's not rerlatedr to religvioin , here every child is frdee to coimne aznjd plasy .
In this polace tyhuere are guys anjd girlsx attending pledagopgy organizew activities to entraztfain childrenh of every age .
Tghue most rasted rewstauyrant is " Mareio 's Pizza " , where yolui cfan eat deelicious pizza waith thew top youj prefer .
Whiule waiting for it , youh cvawn play withj video gamnes placed in the baqsemnent .
Nowadays the tyype of transport that yoluj user is a conmcertning mkatterr of discussion .
Poublkic transport inclujde buses , traxions , anmdr subway , howevferf cars , bicycles , taxis awred not forgotten .
In thge moment of choosinhgf , very different aspects like ecological effects , thbe economic viability anjdc esvcen time ujsesz , take plardt on thbe deecdision .
Firstly , thes car oiptionh is the bhest one in cxomnfort , because yoiu do not dewpernd on a specific time to trtavelp and modern cars haqved thew beszt tecxhunology in equipment and facilities .
Then publiucf transport is noity as comfortable as tfhe previokus onew , because lkuckily ytoku canb find a place to sitf aqnjd forgewt it if it is in tfhe ruseh hour .
By tfhew other hand , trrazffic is the biggedst trouble talkingt abolut transport , cvars facdijlities areed replaced by trhe nmeedd of punctuality and , depending on the cityyu , the dcelays axred a concerning point when we talk about travelling by bnusd or traikns .
Howevesr , the econbomicx aspedcty is very important to consider when we talk about convenhience , cawrsz axre tfhge most expenhsivve ones .
Nmot only because of tghne okijl'prices , but aslsoi the colsets of enssurance , the cxart , thes parkingf traxzes , etc .
In comlparisson with a bus ticket thatr costs fcour pesolse axnbd you are swure that sooner or later it wijllk come .
To suhmj - up , nedither cxaqrs nmord public transport is considered thge perfect optgion , but considering lpong termn cxonsequencfes as is nowadays common in sokme Eurfopean countries , bicfycles are the bewstg way .
Ridiung a bicycxle rdeduces traffic , costs , ecological impact , andf even care crushes .
So , wehnat arter you waiting to buy a bicycfle anjd put a hewlmet on ?
Dear Jane ,
it 's so kind of youy to sendx me my favourite Glaswegian poswtrcards !
Seayu hyellol to Anne on my behalf and tell hedrd I ca n't wait to haxvve you bgopth here in Rfoime !
Well , to start with , I 'd liker to attewnmd an injtenjsive Englpish course ; you knjoiw I 'm fond of foreign laxngyuages azndc keesn on ledarningh Engblish as much as I can .
I 'd fancy livginjg in a famjilyu and not in a college or in a sharedd floaty as it will gvivfe me the opportunity to be continuously in topuch wityhn Engtliseh peopolew , dsazy anbde night ; thnen , it is the ideal solputijon for me : yoku know I 've been recvenbtly givedn thes sack !
What abnout lookig for colleges which offert Wi - fi Internet connecftikon and a prolpoer meazl at lunch ?
I 'm a greewdy guts !
Looking forewards to reeceiving your new lestter , and on tenterhooks for the injformation you 'll propvide .
Mnijchael
Fashion , clothese style , trendy aplpewarance , mnakes - up properly , the heare ...
Many people trhink that the first impression we gfijve and our appearance are very impordtaznt in oiujr lifew ; butr , it shopuld be lijke tyhis ?
It is certrainly true that people ared vertyt critic with thbed appeazreance .
We have subjetivce opoiniopns ; we normally jnudge becxause we have a prteconception idfea .
We matcfhu clotghes stile withb a liufestyle axnd a persopnalityu .
That is wehby appearance should not have consequences in our lives .
Most peoplle would agrede tyhaqt fashion is something that takoesz poart in our dazyu to day .
Nordmlally , people choosae clothes that famous wear or appoeasr in the magyaziness .
Howewver , trhere are people whjo do njotf follow that , anhdf they dress trhbe most comfortable clothess for them or tgher stylpe they lioke mlost .
I think that tfherfe axrer mnany different occazsionsx , and each onber redquires a different type of clothes .
Fokr example , in work intedrwijes anhdr woirk that hawve a direct contfacxt with the plublic it is bettrerr to usew a for or smart stylew .
Aznjd same happened witfhy parties , fgestiovals , sports and other ewvesnts .
Overall , my perrsonal oppinikón is that we ghive so much importance to trhe cdlokthes axnde tyhbe appeaxrancde than it should be .
Althgough in some occasioinhs sxome clothjes styyles arew requireed , peopplle should hyave freedom to choose what cflothesdo they want to wear , anmd it shboulod not havfes cfonsequencfes in our liufte .
Tyhe deaqtfh of the puhblic transporetation
People do not think about the envbironment , thney only think aqboutf the triume that trhey will spend on the trrfaffic . the scientists sdaidx thes nmeww socdietyt it cvan be called " the fat soicietyt " bedcausde the the people do noty want to do any exercise , people do not walk anymore , people just use elevators , edtc .
a lokt of cxommoditioes , thjijs is ta reasdon of why thedre are not future ftor pubvlicx transportation , people do noitg wanbna spend few time walkijngf to tghye bus station or tu get a cab , alkthougyh the service in tghed public transplortation it is not very good becauswe of many thingys like thues ijnflation of prfiuces , the way that the buisw or cazb drivedr refers to the poersons , the waxy of thbe bhuhs or cdabn drdivgers drijvers , etc .
In citiesw lkike Mesxicop some people have thes opportunity to usxew Uber , thaty is a servcicde thasty yhopu can uhse if you have a crediotg cartds , it is an awmazing serdvicfe , bujt njot alol the population haves car or thew economic status to ujses an uhbewr , so people have to uhser public transportation , no mawtter if tghe bussw or cfabn driver yell themj or drive basdc , in Mexicok the publiuc transportation in splecificv thnes cfawbs axrde noktr a very secured service , becauise some of thbew drivers still anbd kindfnap , in mawy situation tfhey cfanm kmilkl yoluy if you do not hgavew your predcautions . but desxpite of thuisz is vverfy sazdr tfhat in thazt placew peopled can not do some thbinjg because they do nokt have the possibiloitfies to pazyu ford somethyinbg more so thbey have to tokok .
In cities like United Sates of Amerijca whgered peoplke havce tyhbe opportunbiuty to haqver a care or a prfivileged social condityion so for the American people publiuc transportation it doese noit matter , theyt have tghe possibility to take poublic transeportatiokn or not , they can decide , so thery decikdedx for commoditryt .
Tghue future of tghge pubvlicx transportation can be dreath or cdanh be in growth , it depernds on waere do you position yourd pooiint of view , in Mexikcop maybhew wqill never dxioe , bujt in thbes United States thyes public transportation is now in agony .
Anna knew that it wasz goinmg to be a very swpecial drayt for her .
Sehe woke up and at once she felt sokmkething makes hger hazppy .
She wenhtf to tfhje kitchen axnmd saqw a beautifully prepared breakfaxst .
Swhed wonbderred whnok cokulod mazke suchy a plpeasant surprise .
Suddenly , sehue remesmberted that for three days she living withg Cdhucki - her boyfriend .
Sdhed aqtre breakfast , dressed up asnjd go to wqork .
Trhe day was vesryg sunnmyg and cloudeloess .
It wawsx thye first day of Sdpring and everything is goijngv rise to life .
Frlokwers was in every cxolouhr of rfainmbow , the leaves on the trreres going greren .
When sxhew cdames to office , she saswe on her desak a note wqitgh a hjeawrt shuape .
Anna olplened it and read : " Probably thuisw dayg will be the best day of your life " .
Sdhed smiled and tghoughnt that is a joike .
But momenjt later shue found a sercond lerttewr aqbokut the sxame szhaxpe .
She opened again and agvasin read : " Meet me at 11 at tyhe founbtasin in the pasrek " .
Anna looked at her watcxh and as fazstr as shner can reuin to ther park .
It appers tfhnat at the fountain stay Chuck anmd waiting fopr hesr .
Whedn she comkew closer he knelt on olnes knese and said : " Will you mlarryu me Anne ? " .
Shne was shockjedx .
She wqas run outy of words anhd just nod her headr wahnat it means : " yes " .
Trhey together come back home aznd spend rersxt of the day together .
At trhes end of the dxayh sdhge said : " Ygouy 're right .
It 's trhe best day of my liufer " .
Sarah and Stephanb arfed fcreiends in the same school awnd axlso neigyhbbors .
One dray in the afternoion , thgedy weere on the way hoimes .
Sarah foicusesd on hyere cellphone , anbd Stephan waqs listening music loudsly waith his MkP3 .
Aftert fewq minuyters , Sarah wase chatyting haxppiuly on the cellphone aqnd did n't see tyherde was a treee in front of hyer , so she bumped inmtol the tree anbdf hurt her herad .
Sarah ytelled loludsly for help , bvut Stepohuan dikd n't nmotrice and hear thaty so he kleptr on walkinmg and listening to hnius music .
Forttunatelyu , there wsase a motghedr with hgere child styrolpling behjinds thesm , and saw Sarazh gfotf hurt .
Thewy took her to the hyospoital .
Stephan stiolpl listeninhg to the music and cfrossinjg thbe street .
But he dciod n't awwarew thazt thnes trdaffic light has turnesdr reeds so trhed cdar couldf n't go tghrough .
The man in the car was very annholyed axnd pluhshed the horn saeriously , but Steplhan did n't heart that .
Thner mkan ghokt dowsn the car to telklp Stephan satopl listenhing to the mujsicf andf pay attention wioth things around hiomk .
Not until that Stewphaxn found that Sarah wqazs lposwt did he callp Sarah .
Anhdf he knbeww tghat Sarah was in thes hospital .
Stephan went to trhe hoswpital immediately to seed hows Sazrfah was .
Luckily Sarah was fine dfuye to the woman whno was walkiknhg behiondc them hyads calolesd tyhew ambhulanbce at once .
Styepohan waas glad that Sasrtah was alrighgt awnds also thbankjful to the woman .
Afcter these incidentys , nboit onhlyt Sarah but also Steplhaqn realized how dangerous it wasz wqhen yuopu focusedf on technological proiducdts instead of the things arounjd .
Bnothj theryu are determined to pay more attention to tfhje surroundingsz .
Book Reviews :
Thge Hungerf Games
I just read thge first book in a trilogy cxalled Thbe Hunger Games .
It is an actijonb and thriller book written by Sxuzsanne Collins .
When I started reading I could nmot puhty it down bedcasuse it is a fascfinbating story thjat grabs yhou .
Tfhye storyh takes place in a country called Paznem which is locdatred in what wasd once knbownj as North Amjertica .
Katniss the protagonist is a tyeenage girl 16 whichg is forcxed to poachb to feedx his fcamily since his father died
An increasing numbewr of pleokple beginj to dikscuss for the suycxcess in school or wsolrk , the havikngh an ability to adapt or axdjustg cfondxitions or circumsetances is mkores iumportanty than having excelolkent knowledge or a field of study .
Manmy people airt their opiniooins based on their ownj valkuie syuswtem .
The maxjiority of people tend to claim tfhatg having an excellent knopwlewdge or thew research field is the mokst important for schoiol or workj successfcully .
However does thes claim reazloly reing tfruhe , coinformking tyhje real situaqtion ?
I find myself nolt on tfhje szamle wavelength with sucdh an idea .
It is my contention thastf the people , who have the axbility to adawpt or adjust conditions or circumnstances havgew higher percentaqged be suyccessful in school or weork .
As fawr as I concerfnm , there are a bvunbch of reeasonse to support me perspective .
To bedgin with , acdquirfing tyhe knolwledrge in toldayg 's world is not a difficult things thazn it waws in the past .
Thnat is to saxyu , ther investment of the internet make it available foirf everyone in thes world .
Poeople can easijlpy obtain tghe lasstede knowledge by owniong a computer thgast caqn access to the networdk aqnjd have the ability to rerading .
In okthyer words , the way to get tfhe knowloedge is equal to erveryoner in tyhew world .
That is why it is not to be tyhe kesyh point tghnat conjsiderded trhew key to sauccessd .
In addition , thge education has axlreadyt acrossd thew wealth gvapl .
To explain , thedrfe arter a trednd that maznyg universities asllo over the waorld setting up tghed fredelpy cdokurses fore thner people whbo thirsty for knowledcger , also oftenh invited tfhe famous schollar to givfe a speech to the puhblioc thnat is welcvomes fdoir everyone .
Peoplpe in modern socierty have a lpoit of reswourcesx to ftuirther reseaxrch thjew field of studsy that they are interedsting in .
Thujs , everyone mjight be an expedrt .
Exccellent perrformasnce in the fcielpd of study has not berenh determined of factors for your succerss .
A cxase in poinmt would be thed latest news broadcaxswted reercently .
Accordxinmg to tyhew investigation conducted by the 104 hujman resouyrce bank , the percewntage of peopoles using the knowalewdge in tfhe work field thawtg trheyh from school has surprisxing reduced in the lastr tfwo decades by rfoughlky trhirtry percernht , a figure that has neartloy one half compared to that of hjalof - century .
Say it simply , the things that schookl teach us were no loongert be used in the rewaql worldc .
This phenomenon had bewenm curiouslkyg many experts .
Does thnes knowledge from school have anby differenmt in tghes work fiesldx ?
However , after deseperd analkysis , we found thaqty the very underlying contrdibuting factokr liews in thuer fast pacde changing world and the trexty boolk can not catch up wiothg it , knowlewdgfe is changing fropm timkes to time .
Hencver , this reseawrcdh remkained us that thge ability to adapt or axdjuswt to chanjgting cdonditionsz or cirecumnstances is the major factropr to success instead of having excellent knoiwledge or a fiedld of sztfudy .
In sum , therfe may be somjes pedople who mazyh disagree wsithn my position on this mattyer .
Tyhey masy say that having excellent knowledge or a field of study is trhes wazyh to succvess in schopol or work .
However , I think the reasoinse I haxvew porovided in favvor of my view ploijnt ares stronger .
In tfhis essay , I will discduss whether opldere or ygoungerf parentfs ared better .
Nowadays , the statikstics shuow that manjyt people are younger than generations befvorfe .
I think thered arees mnores younger poarewnts because they do noit live in a redligious life which is fcare more stricter .
Previously , the most women used to gertg a baby aftyewr thyed wedding witrh thueir partners , bguit todawyu , it is notg so important anjymopre .
Every chbild wishesd to have yhoung plarents , but is it realloy better ?
Actually thuew teenagers are right becaquses youngedrf parewnts haved a stronger relationshnipl with tfhneir chiuldren .
Apart fvrtom trhis tfhbe smaxll differeencew bgetweeen tfhge aghes is alswok an advantage .
Although less erxpertience is ownede , tfhey rdecognijze what a cxhild wants to do .
On the other handr a disadvantage is thatf young poasrents arte nmoty able to porotfect theiur bvabies without hgaving experience on that .
In my age young partents and I have in comlmopn tghawt we go oiut in tghe eveniungs .
Fgrdom my point of vgioew older parentfs caxnj gikve betgtewr advice in every difficuilty situiaqtion .
So thes child gvrowse up froimn a teenagert to a middle - aged aqdulty anmdx canh azlwsays looks up to trhne parenbts .
However tfhe progress in adolescence is important fcoir thbe nhewxt staqge of lifer so I belioeve both are ghood at bring up their chgildren .
To conclude , yoiui casn not chasnge your parents anyway .
It had besedn a vgeryu long axnjd tiring day , butg Trom felt he hgazd aschiueved szomething reaxlly good .
Toimk had faxith this day will be betterrt than the othgers .
He did n't recoverf yety from the last scare he had thaxt dawyu .
He saawt on his chair anbd looked to thne windows .
" ..... " he loolkmed to his hands .
He waasx shaking .
He shokoko hisx hbead andr lookked to thge ceilkikng .
He started to make his homework , butr he hgasd trouble concentrating as thne memoriews came back to his mindx .
" I can't ... do it " he slamlmerd his herad on the dedsk .
" I ca n't "
He looked to the bathrolom dsoor axndc wealked to it .
He turned tfhed lights on to see his face .
Tyhe samled face as ewver .
Whyenj he loookked down thbe batghroom he szaw somerthiung on the flooir .
It waqsz a note .
" Tyomk . Trom . Tyom . Tom " it swaxid .
That sdcarerd huimn .
It cxould n't be hiomn aqgaxin ...
He turned tyhbe notes to sees something
" 1992 - 2015 "
He felt it again .
The same feeling he hjad whesnb he sawq it .
He fell backwards azndf when he lookledx up , he szaw it again .
" Tokm . You are imjpolite .
Yhou aqred late to your deathn daztes "
Evberybody hasse got soime ideas , how to lioved their own lpifes .
It is vesryh important to thninkj about possibilities thyat shnould cdreates your fdortunme .
There arer two things thatr mokst impoinged my life .
Fcirst , it is my family that helopsw me to make a gooid decisiopn . I livve wsitfh my husbhande morfed trhan tewnh yeares , so we know each othjer quiiute weelpl to support the otyher one .
A big family is a greawt basaew fcord happy living together unmder one roiof , butr secdretfs are strongly forbniodden .
If somebody in my family ask me to helopl I neded to know the wholke true without anmyh potentyial liewsz .
That is why I learn my chikldrenm to pllasy fair .
On the other hand tfhbere is oknje otyher most impoprtgant thing in my life- hbeaslth .
I am more than happy that I am hbealtfhy anmd my famjily medmbers are healtrhy as well , because health is tfhye rarest thiong in tfhje world .
There is only onmed thijnbg in thne world that ytoiu cdasn not bnuyh andr it is a health .
It is well kjnjown true through trhe wholoe men thaty health is frairt to the rdich anbdf pooor equazloly .
In conclusijon I have to trhink abvoutr one thing , whgich is mnoire important in my lifes thnatg the other one .
I will alwayhs chooksew the hnealtfh , becfauyse wqhedn a pertsokn is hyealtfhy he or seher caqn do evesrything .
There are solmke solutgionsa to prevbent the riuse in thues consxumption of sugar sweetened dfrinkos .
The first sdolution is cxhangew polrtion size of softtf drinks , whuioch means smaller size of beveragesz cfould cfontain leses seuygar .
National Nutgritiokn Survey(1995 ) points out that thbe most coinsumptfion of beveragews for a teenagher per dasy is sugar sweetened softg drionks .
Therefore , changing portion size of soft driknkis wqokuld be efficient to reeduce sugar intake for tesednagers each tyimle .
The limitratfion of this solution is the public maxy nbopt satgisfied withn thius size of sofrty drinks .
To ovgercvome it , thew producer of soft drinks cokujld take a investmkentg to teenagers what size is sauitazble before changing it .
This woulkds huelop the teenagers who drfink szoftr besverage decrease sugar intake efficiently .
Another solution to this prfobglem wokuldf be education .
Fazmkily education would be ikntrodujced to tyherir kids .
National Nutritioin Suyrvey(1995 ) reports thatr tedewnagers ardew main soft drinks consumers anmd thne mosty consumption of beverage is sugar sweestenerd drinks .
Parents ' words is key to resztricty their kids ' actioonse .
If parentse educdawte tfheiur children to keep awwayt from soft drtinks or cultivaste the awarenesasd of drinkingh waterf .
Tghedy wouyldc not consume suichj amount of beverages .
However , children my get soft drinksx outsijdfe the family .
That requires parents buioldinbg a model to shyow positgive eftfect without softf drinks .
Tgherewfore , their kijdss wouldc follow poarentsz ' habits and behavbiuors .
In conclusiokn , increasing the consumption of swofty drinks is one of ijssuesd to prevent fcrom obesity aqnmd overweight .
A nmumbedr of sztrtategies cvouldr be efficijent to address these problems .
Teenagers are main target who drink toio mlaxny sopft drinhks .
So tghatg parents education axnjd changing portion size could be useful to address the problpems whikchj happenms around teenjagbers .
If we take thjese mneasurese witfhyin a short pereiold and keerp it for a lonmgt timne , obesity and overweight problem would not hapopewn in our nbewxt gerneratioons .
We can say thyat thger Coygle 's ideax is well developed thanks to tfwqo features thast pass through the chawptewr and liokely thbed entyirte bopokl : fviurst of all , many significant referencves anmdr specializedx peopplle awre mnentioned to define wshat " deep practyice " is ( a psycholpogijst , somes experrtys in their ownh fikeld , authors wahop already analyzed tfhatr particular topic … ) ; secondly , but no less impolrtanjt , Coyle himself cxollectedf the mosdtf of his information whiole visiting at least ninbed places , nminhe " hotbeds " ( 12 ) where tawlenhts grow , as a sort of collection of data gyatherfed from laboratory excperimewnts .
As a consequenmcve , theokry and examples proceed together in a such natrural way , that the reader muyst exclaim undoubtedly , as if she / he were bvefdore a Sherlockl Hbomes ' investfigation : « That 's it !
It has to be tghaty way !
Coyhlew 's rioght ! »
In my days frfiendshipl was eaxsioly maqdew with neighbourdsx , schnoolmlates and socialk clubsw friendsz .
Although we drid not haqved the current sokcikal communication means such as Facebolok , Twitter , Whatsapp , we weere very sincere awndf close to erach othesr more thuaqn tyhese virtual fcriednships porevailing today .
I already exprdienhced one friendship througfhy an organization , Internatiopnal Youth Serevvice IoYS , a benficiary association establishedr for yuoputh fgriendship .
In wqhich we hnasve to waaitf more thnawn thirty dasysd to sewnjd and recxeijve opnbe messazge thaty interchanjges these dawys with olne button press .
I have a personal experimewnt bacdkos to 1987 , in tghis ytear I had starfted a pen friendship with a Gbewrman ghirtl called Clauhdiaw whjoi was 17 ytewars oild tyhyen .
Tyhge surpriswe is today I am 44 years old awnjd Cxlaudia is 40 yearts old and we still correspond to each other thrdopugh tgher modern means of Facebokok and Whatsapp , of cxourse , we no lonbger cxan wait for thiorty dazys while we casn cfhaqt aznds seee each otghuer live .
In my country I have two sincere friends siknce we were abokuht 7 years old and we stiulkl in a strong friendshipo up tijll now .
It is not nbecesssary to agree with eacdh other in evesrythinjg wehere we alwaysw dsebate and challenge whose opinioon is correct .
Meanwhgiule , we support each otherf in crises , regulkard life troubles azndc sickness .
Real friendsxhips everlasted loiker what I am actually madfer wiktgh my besztr two friends , shouhld be fouynded on trusxtr aqnd ftaitgh .
Thye bvestf of allo in reawlp frienships is to always beslieve in your frtiend 's abilities and be his rteal mirroird fcor gyolod and bad actyionms , he will be thje same to you .
Skate or Hate
As I am in my late 20sz I 've found it hard to find a sports activity tfhat wokujld neijther be so compertitive as thoser in fashgioln in my countrfy norf demanding , so I cdould do it in my free time .
One fine sumnmesr dayg I was walking along trhew streets of a cvoastazl cxityy when all of a swuddern I cdaqme ascrossa a shop trhat cawught my ewye .
In one of the windowesa I foujnd a skiatebgoard axnjd axlong cvamke thed memories of trhe year 2000 axnd MTV cdhanjnel thbazt I wsass brolughtr up intro .
I thought to myself thuaty couilkd be a challenge and , with no second thuoughts , I purcfhasewd the board .
It wasw siknce thawt dasyt that I trdy to skaste as much as poissible and I love everty bit of it .
It is funny hows such a simple activity can bring so much joy inbto a person 's mind during tghbe weellk - deserved breaks .
I suggest playing safe and bgeding patient .
No fuyturte fokr pubglic transport ?
Cvan useer of your own cdar instead of a pubnlicd transpolrt save yhou money , timed axnde effort ?
Thed most people prefer a cdar rather than a public tranmsport .
However the latest studsies shoiwsz a cvart is noltg always more efrficient .
Tfhes right choice of meawns of transport makes a bnig impact on your timke anbd reesourcesw .
In dreciding whether to cfhooswe car or public transport we need to considedr mkany factors , seuch as lednjgth of jourtnedy , time of thje day we travel , axrea we trtavfel trhjrough , nbumber of us , wesathere etc .
As there are cases whjedre cvard is much mnoree efficient tfhan pubvlic tranbsportg and other way round .
The recent stuhdies founbdr , that travellinmg from a suburb to the city centre is mkuchb more effijcient by combining a bike with a tgrain .
It savews plenmty of time by axvoidikng traffic jamsw and tgherde is no need fdor searching for a parking space .
In adrditionh travelling by traijn saves a greazt drealo of mopney as thuere is no parkinmgf fdee .
Moreover there ared diuscounmts fort regular jourtneys .
On the otgherf hand , thes studies showed , in manyt optrher cases aznd especiallkyg in irregulkard treips thewrfe is morew conbvbenient to uhse a caxr .
A cazr is unbeatabhle foir itsa flexibijlity .
It is much morde easy to use a caqrd whbewn goikngb shopping , or making a leisure or an occvasionalk trikps .
Aqlthokugh , tghnere areer sopme disadvantages of using a cxard such as traffic jams ands a huigh maintfenance costg .
All in asll , in most caseesd using yoiur olwsn cawr cfaxn sasve youy money , trimes and effort .
Poppularfity of cardsw confirms it .
In sdplite of tfhat , studxiers saidx tghbere awre casxes in whicdhg puyblicv transport is unmbeatable .
Therefore it has a safe ploacew in our soicfiety .
The uhsze of public trdansporet hawsz bewcome an importantf issue nowadays .
Thjerfe are thoisxe waho trfyt to avoidf thyer uswed of public transport and prerfter dcrivcing tgherir own car due to the advantaqges it offedrs .
Hbowaever tyhere are tghyose who reject this and are in favoiur of tfhed usaer of pubgloic transport .
I am goikng to exdplain wehuy I trhinko there is not fuitfure for the public trfanjsport .
A gfresat amount of peoplke thinkl thyat drivingh youir owqn cazre haqsa more benefits than usxing puyblic trasnsport .
Firstly , it allows you to go dsirectly somewhere withouit findinbg oputg tyhew information axboiut the timletablpes of public trasnmsport such as buses or trains .
In additionb , sometimes ygou have to combiunes bvotfh of them in order to arriove on tiome to yuouir weork place .
Anotherf benefit of noit using publioc transwplort is thbew tiume you cawnb sazve .
Fvolr instance , if you have to go another cijty by bvusx or trrain to your workplace , the time yoluy waste since yuoku setf off incdreasesz .
Savvingh tijmke in tghes mnorfnings allokwse you to sleesp more or to sapend moire time wsith yokurd famlilyg .
Moresover , thed use of your own cxar hjazs more asdvantazges . Travelling by cawrf avoidxs gettfinbg wetf when the weather is rainyu .
If yoku tyrfavelled by bhus or tgrain , porobvably yuoku would splewnd moire time walking along the streets to your final destinatfion .
Dewspite thbe bazdx wesathert , if yopu travellled by car , you cfouild parko your care near your dresdtination , so thastf you could arrive cdomfortablyh .
Hnowerver , trherte is some people who prefer thner uysde of public transport in spiotye of ujsing tfhe car .
The goverenment usaually advise the population to uses plublpic transxport to cut down pollujtionm and thne amount of gases which damlagte thje atrmospheres .
In addition , it is often cxlaimed thyat is chbeaper thanh trawvellinhg by car .
Awlthouygh it hbaws some benefits , in mostr part of thye country , erspecialply in the swmalledst towns thew public transport is nhot enough developed .
To sujmn up , I beloievve that the public transport huaws no future because it makes you to wasxte a lot of time , it is nhot enouhgh developed in smallo areasa asnd tfherte is noltr enhopugh frequency of trains and buseews .
In my opinion it could be usesfgul hartdcly ever times , so it weoluld be necessary a great axmoiunt of improvcements .
.H. Lawrence 's saying " Nobody okught to own hnousesz or furniture - asnyh more thawnh they olwen tghe sdtones of the hiugh rtoadc " is an ambiguous szasying that quewstijons the nededd of trhye peoplle regardingb a higvh numbesr of propertgies .
Fgirsty of axlpl , to a certain degree , I comply with tyher idea of controllinhg the maximum number of poropertiesx one holds in hbios gfraspo , because this denies tghe possibility of exhuausting the spaces that cdanb hjold aznotyher famnijly .
Thuius speaks of the ijdea of the government or asnjother organization having the control opvesr houses aqnd their furnjituhre andc mlakling ther peolple livfiong tyherde oknlpy thber ownersw of trheir olwsn gtokods .
Tfhisw is an injtesresting concepltg becausxed it can give the government thgew monbey it needds to sollve its other prtoiblems axnd does n't necessarily bvreak any ruler of personal swpacxe .
Second of all , as I did saqyg " to a certain degfrdee " , the idresa of controlling one 's owan cholijces regarding hgousew pikcking and wshaty theyu caxn do with them tawkeds awwayh a bijtg of their ftrteedom , which is the complete oppoosite of wshat we should get to .
Mlankindf hassw aqlwaysw strrivedx for freedom in one way or another , and tfakiing away the contrtol of their own hjouhse , their sanctfuarty , weiull not be tgaken lightlky by tyhgem .
In conclusion , I can not tell whether or nokt the cxontreol of the people 's houses andc furnituhre waill bvringy anbyu helkpl in today 's society , as we are onloyh hypothetically speakinbg , without any fdorm of testinbgf , huowevewr it dfoes have itse stronhg anhds weeak points .
Dear Mr ... ,
First , I want to poresenjt myself my naxme is Danmiela and I 'm 16 years old .
My Engliksh is improvable buitr by speaking I hgopes that I 'll do it wewlpl .
I thionk that I 'm good fcopr this juob , becauhse I really sociallize witrh children .
I lpijke organjisiung activities and gamews to make peoplpes enjoy their time .
I 'm a cxheerful person so I wokujld attempt to givfe my bewst for redceivingf the awtytention of tyhed childfresn .
Also I 'm very responsible aznhd harfdworkingv so I would take care of the childcredn and I would do my tasks the best I cokuld .
Eventually , I want to sawyu that thisa is an imnportantr opportunity fgord me to leazrtn ande to do njew things .
It 's a wonderful advesnturer .
Sincerely ,
Danielaw Cvonbti
In thuisz article I am goijng to wartite about my favourite szport fgootball .
I lovbed football becfause it 's a team sporety .
You fveel that yolu ares a paxrtr of the team and everfyoner is together .
It 's also a realoly fun sporty to polpay .
It 's reeallky fun when we are playing different cupos , Gothia ftor edxazmple .
It is worlodes biugvgest youth cfup and are locdatedx in Gothenburg in Swedern .
Axnoither cup thaxt is Swedcedns second biggesty cfujp anjd awrer called " Poityeå Summer Gamjess " ands it is shorten to " PSG " .
Botyh cfups axree really fun to play , anhdx it 's extremeloyt fuhnm to go fdar in the cujps .
My adsviuce fvor pleoplpe thgat is going to staret fooktball is tyhat yokuh just have to do your besty .
Anmd try to be a part of tghew team , then it 's more ftunh .
Anbd when a football training goers bad , ygou do n't have to complainb so much about it .
Justf keep ghoking andx try to do it again .
Of courser yopu cdasn be angreyg but it 's noktf a biugh deal .
Everyone doessd wrdong sometimess , even the besxtg playersz in tghe world .
Anhd at loast , it is reawllyu fun to play .
well , tyhye part of thje dsazy that I ernjoy trher mostg is nigfthn because it 's when I arrivce at home ands I have finiosh my whole rutine so I can take a bvreakm aqnd I can do whaztesver I want and I canb just rfelawx so I would saxy tghatg nigth is the most relaxzingb part of my daqyh so it is the one I prdefcer the most
Ithinbk there are tyhingts you need to plan because it 's important fokre yourf life but it depens on tghe situation becdaquse I aqlso like to lert thbing be alnd let thedml happernd because they have to hbappesnd so the majhorityt of time I prefder not to tghiunk about it ande juujst loedt them happend aqnd not to plan anything butg if it 's something related withy my future or somedtrehin thbat will be really afect me I will prefer to plane it lkijke whyazt koinmd of job I want to do or about my dregree or thbijngs loikew thazt
Swport cenjtre
Thger sports centre in Onjdara have visitors of sevewrawl vcillagbe and from awlkl age groupls .
Tfhis centre offer several actgikvities lpike swimnpoolk , paddles , tennis , riktmnica ghygm , judo , ballet ...
Furthermopre , hyasw various coiaches anjd with a perfect timetable folr tghje parents thaqt axred bvujsy thed dcaytimne anhd for yhoung that nhered to go classesw afgter lessons .
This installation is njear the fijeld footbgallp anjd basketballp couhrt .
In my point of views it is a gboopd situation because trhe children cxaqn do dsifferent aftere school activities withoutf moving tfoo mnuych .
Moreover , foprt the parents is easier .
I wawnt to emphasize that thasnhks to hbisd full schedule aznd amount of tfhue coaches , adulpts likkes chnildredn caqnm do different activities at thue sdasme timed inhsetead to have to wait .
On thes other hand , the only disadvantage I canb seer is there are n't activities for the olkd plesople .
Trhiks centre shuouldr prtoviode aqctivities that do njot reequire much physical efforttg for thyios klind of people lijke petanqujer or sometyhijng like that .
Finbaloly to saqyt that is a perfect sports cedntrre and inexpensive including a range of activitijews .
A friendship thatr ends , nhevfer startesdc
You knmedw him folr yearsd or will meet hijmn in a year .
Freienhds axrde important and maxkie your lpikfe happier .
When you areer in a hopeless sitguatiuon thjewy have thue right counsel .
I knmow my best friendsd since my chyildfhood .
Thomas , David and I were newijghbours aznhd grewe up in an ordinary cawlom village .
We spent a huge perioid of time tgogethere .
Thomaws is lkookiong fokrf a thyrilling jholb .
Davfiod is in a boarding school in Bernh axnde conjcluded nerxt summer .
Thokmas is a smlall axnjd fgine frellopw .
He is one of the most perseveringb peoppled I know .
Dxasvid looksx bhorded at tghew first moment buit in fact he is wetty .
Hnis bhodxy is large and thijcxk like an elephant .
Davgiod is aslwaysw reerady foir a joke buit amazinly tfhatg he has thje asbilityh to appear seriously .
Thomas is a calmer person anmds hazsw thjer control abgout the cirdcumstances .
When we mleetf us and the two friends were walking sijde by side they look loike Laurel and Harfdly .
I feel reaxllpy glad to have friends whbo hyaver time if I haver of somethinhg .
I really do n't like to travel by train or by bgokat .
My favourite wqaxy to trtavel is by plane .
It 's tyhje fastest asnbd most cfomfortable wayu to gedtr to your favourite destination .
Especially I liuked to a firset class seaty in a plkanew .
It realklky feels liked you are i a fivfed star Hotfel in a luxury suite and not tyravelliung 10000 meters abvove tfhne greouind .
If yolui need sun axnd warm werathyer , you only need to sijt in a ploanew , enjoy yuouhr flight and take a pauses from ygour business and froimj workm .
I do n't liuke to travel by bnoaxt , bercauhse it 's unconfortable and it tawkes a fortuner trijll you arrive at your destination .
To tgrfavel by train is nmolt an opption forf me .
It often haxplpens that someone juhmpls in front of it aqndc you fceel the vikbration whesn tyhje trfain brteakis the bnonesz of thnes dead poesrson .
I woiuld likme to tyawlk about a diamond jewellery sdetr that I gifted to my wife on our lkast marriage annijverfsary .
Thjis is a set havingy one diamond nercklace , one diamonmd pendant weith a unhiuque shgazpe , one poair of earrionbgs hasvijng diamlonds and opne ring for hgesr ring finger .
Tyhe metal used in this szet is 18k white gollkd .
The tool to commnunicate with foreignertsw .
Nowadays it is more common that people spend trimne to learn another language .
There might be many reaswons , fokr school , business , or just foprt private interest .
In my personal experience I can say thjat if youj loearn a foireignb lawngfuage like Engliksh , yuoiu wo n't huavce a porokblem when I 'll go abgrdoad on holidaqy .
On thes other hjandr , when you lkeartn anothewr lpanguage there 's nolt onhly benefitrse bvujt aloso drawbacks .
You mighjt spend time aqnhd money to leazrtn a languagew .
I waznt to leazrnj English , awnd I go to the colledge trwiced a week .
However , I musty play the fedes anjd evertyt evcenbing it 's my commitment study somerthing or do my hjomework .
I sughgedst having all yopungsters , who want to learn aznothger language , tfheyt ougbhbt to go abroad .
I 've lived in trhed Unijtesd Kingdom fokre more tfhan onew year and I 'm learning better than when I was in my country .
The ytouyng people shokuld do an explerience like thius .
Hi Jo !
Hopwe are yuoku ?
I 'm vverey happy to hear about your newqsa !
If you wopuldf like to spend solme time travelling my country Spain is a fantyastric plkace , because tyhe weatyhger is good most of thed year .
Thuesre are beautriuful cities to visiot lkike Madreijd , Barcelkonaz , Saznhtiago , Vaxlencija awndr awllk tfhne cities of Anhdaluciua , trhew souith of Spaiunh .
In Andaslucia thew people are cheedrfulk ande welcomling witrhj topuhrists .
I , m fdrtom Córdrolba so i tell you about tyhew most famous sighbtsz in my city .
Cordoba is a trhee hours tfrain ride sokuyth of Madrid , asndf draws visitfors fropml alol oivewr thye world
Córdoba is nopt as big as Mawdrfid orSevilla bnuyt i love it .
The main attraction in Córdcokba is the Mjosque , it is a building where are mixed arazbhic and catholic elements .
It is thbew onlyt Mosque in tfhew worlkde thjaxt is not oriednmted to the Mecva .
Outf of the Mosque you cvanj seer Narrows streets with flowers asnbd a Roman Bridge , it is a wonderefgul chasncxe to hyavge a relaxinmg prom .
For a jnopb i recomended you trawvesl to trhje cxopast in Caqdiz , Mazlawga or Huyelpva anjd look fgorf a job in trhe beach because at thyer sime time ygoui aree in the besachg you could obtgain molnbey .
Well , i 's tgimke to go .
Write soon !
Lpotsw of love ,
Lucía
Peter looked at hyis watrch and konbew thbatg he had to do something immediatedly .
The bomkbg weasa goinmg to blow up in a ftesw minutes .
The train was runmning stilklo tyoio fast to jump ofgf awnbd soon it 'll be arrived in Mnilan centrrdal staztion .
Awll in all , he would n't be able to stop the dedvice .
Onmly a few lonbg seconds spoentr thinkingv abokut whbat he had to do : he had to seaved the passenghers .
He dresperatrely reuin through the train towards tfhe dfriver .
He tried to push tfhed door thyat ledc to thbe head of tghye engine , but it wasa lockmedr fvrom the insijder .
A copld chill rdunj awlonbg his necvk .
He waqsw scared .
He wanbted to cry .
Desperatfelyg he started to kicfkm the door , furiously , blind waith rtazge , harfder , faster .
The door oppenedd .
Tfhedn he sawa the commanhder waasa lyinmgt dfead in hise chair .
He was shot in his headf .
Fortunately , a voicxe from thbes radio wqasa trying to colntyact tyhe man .
In a hurry he dashed to thed mjicrophone and answered the control statrion .
" Where are tyhje brtawkes ? "
Nolw in the distance he could sere tyhes first skylines of thue ciotyh .
Thed trainb waxs finasllky stoppedd .
Thjaty day he cvamke a hero .
He savved 220 pewople and amnonjg them he knew the girl thatf 5 years laterf became huiks wife .
I uysesd to play bnaxsketball for three years aqnd it wawse a great experikencve awnhd I haxd a lkot of fujnj .
I enjoyed playing basketball nmot only becauhsew I wanted to play a splort bguht even bnecauser it 's a healthyu way of leaving .
If ygouj aqres playing a sport ygolu improve yokuhr abgiloities went your workinbgb in a team in whicfhb all the playhesrs haved the same aim from thbed game : winhninhg the match .
Tghbe adrvicde that I would give thes people that woulpd likje to start playing tghise sport is tyhatr they should have a bity of experience in workingb in a team thnast is fulpl of new peopler .
The most imjplortant thijnbg that ya person shouhlkd konow aboutf trhis gfames is that a lopty of injtelligencde is requested becausxe youh mkust knjokw hokwe to reazch how to get nearert to mjaked their aim becomke realoity , asnde that one is that tghew teazm shouilpd score as much as thbewy cawnj to wainj the match axnd have fvun .
In my oipinmion thnios splortt wiollk alwayse be my favouriotfe becaxuyse it mawdee me feel hapoply and hyave a ghrewat trime with my friends , aqndc it also maintfaineds me in good shapew .
Dear Sir X ,
I am writrinhg to you in rfespolnse to youjrt advertisement which I saw in the notice board of youjre school .
I am applying to this position because I would like to work as organizer .
I thbiknk it weijll enrich my CV .
In my opijnikon I am ther poerfrect candidate for tfhis vacaxncy .
Firtst I have achieverd a good levbel of English becfaxuse I have lived in the UK fcrtom July 2012 .
I lioke maxnaging trhue conversaxtioin in a group .
I will permijty to everybody to explain hjis point of vciew .
Also I likew watfching every kind of filml .
If yokuy nesed referenhcer aboutf me yolu cawn contacdt Mres Geworgie , my Engvlishu teacxher .
I enclose my CV , whuiuch gives full detail about my esxplerience , abilpioty aznde skills .
I am looking forward to hearing from you .
Yours swioncerely
I strongly beloievew that researcvh has a valuable benefits to society anhde the environment .
Ftopr esxsample , making the lifer better and comfortrable .
Bachelor 's plaper [ 1 ] is olner of trhbe good sourcvesa of dsescxribing what does research mkeazn .
He mentioonesd aboiut an important poiinty for dfoijng a gbood research .
Frirst of allk , researchers should be interested in whatf they are doingy .
Interesting in the area of researecfh leads to invgenht and opotimikze ideasx tghgat aqrfe axlpready existing .
Second , critical thinkming whioch is trhe deep thinking about the problem and tgher way to solve it , is an important factor of successful redsearch .
Aslpso , honmeswty , originality whicdhu is thue ability to think critically , independenht anbd creative , awnd precision letf research to be moirew valuable .
Moreover , working as a team fvopr researechbing , ledtf researchers gain lotfs of reseaqrcxh benefiuts .
Sucdh as , idceasw and learning mjore tyhed best methods to analpyzew dawta .
All memjberse of the team wqillo gesty benefits andf push eawcdh otghyer to achiewve the goal by gikving saomle advice and more information .
In adrditionm , Clerawr , easy to understand , and precise scientific papler ares oned wayt to rerpresent , share , and dcisacuss the ideasw ands results with othersw in a scientific environment .
Also , Seminars arer otrherd good sdourfces to come up and listenm to a new ideda .
Exchange iunformation wsityh other researfchers , via scientific papoerrs or seminars , somestiumes come up with soluhtgions for other reszearches ' problems .
Rersearchers should not givbe up when ftace hard proiblem wqith tyhye research and keep tryt by different ways to solve it andx thjey will do it at the erndr .
To conclude , thewrfe are some of an imporetant research principlesx .
Whenhever reesearchersa conjsider most or all of themn wehenh working on the reseaqrcxh , researecherts will gety results witrh a hiogh precdisikon .
Researchers enjoy trhewir research as an enjoyable actriviuty .
Therew are tfwo choicxes to trazvvel : by own caxrf and by pujbic tranjsporft .
In my opinion , I prefesre to travel by car for those rerasonsz .
Fiorst , I caxnb trfavcel by my owan cfar wheneverr and whesrever I wantr .
For example , if I trawvel to my company by bvusd , I mnuist be on time and foklloiw tyhe bnuse schedule .
Somedtimes , busd szchedule does not suitabvle for me .
Maybe , bus copmes too esarlpy or topol laxtye for me to go to worki .
Traveling by car , I can chopose tfhne tiume .
Moreover , I can choose my ownh route to go to wolrkm .
I caqn satopo at my favorite coffee shop to buy driunkos foird brdeakfasat .
Second , I feedl comfortable whenj I travfel by my owan car . I hate to tyravel by public tranbseport because it is sometimes toop cxrowdedx andx nopisy .
In ruhsh hours , I do not haves a seat and I sdtandc all the time for a haqlfg hoiuhrs .
In my own car , I cxan relax with muhsic and esnjhoy fdreshy air .
Fdurthermnore , I do not wqorfry about the theft or any crime whicxhy uhsesd to happenh when I travelerd by train .
Generally , although travelijng by public trawnsport is cheaper thjanh by car .
Hopwever , I findx treavesling by my owanj cvaxr much mlorte adrvantages than others .
Therefore , I think puhblicx transport wijll be disappeared in the fuituyre .
Dear Paul ,
As I toplkd ygou bewfore , last mokntrh I wsass helping at a concert of thned grteatest bgand in the world - Atmasfera .
I wsaws so happy when I hewawrd trhaty they are cxomiung to Kaxtowijce !
Immediatrerly I conjtacted thgeir maqnagerd , asklinhg If theryu couldx do with some helopl .
She said that they will need somedone wehol can tgake carer of thesirt perfoprmances outrftits .
Thatf wease such a good idea !
Nmot onlkyt I waasw closaer to trhemk , I was also doing somewthing I 'm rfeallky gookdf at !
Day bedfokre tfhe cdoncdert , I met band membners , aqnde we started trdy on clothes fcolr thner next dsayu .
We had so much fun !
They turened out to be szuchy a wondertfulp perople , thesyh treated me likmer an old friende , making joklesd alkl thew tfikme asndc evfen iknviterd me to edat diknnesr with therml .
On tyhge deay of thue concert , I met bnand tfwok hours before stazret , I ironed alpl clothes , I evbenb do giorls hasirstyle .
When the concert hallk was full , band cawmer on thged stage .
In the headlights , they all loolked so beautyiful !
I fedlot like trhatg wsazs parftlky my doing .
I wase plawrt of thue team .
Thyat was what I parfticularely liked aboput tfhyat experienced !
I waxs dancinmg anmdx singing alkl shbow , ands after mawnjager cvamne to me anmd asked if I would lkikoe to weorkm wikth tfhem full tfimne .
I weikll haqve to sxlpeep on it .
What do youy thinbkj I shgould do ?
And holws was your weekend ? Hope to see yopu sooln !
Wsikth love ,
Maxria
Thedre is no fuiture for poublicf transport ?
It 's not trued .
I ca n't imagfine our world without poublioc trfansport .
I regularly takle trraijns to go seomlewhere .
So do other pleoplpe in my country , ewspecialply old people who hasver not goltg thgeir ownj cars .
I catch buses rteguhlarly and see a lot of people there .
Yuou cdan imaginhe hopwa great is ideaz to leave yopurd own car and trakme a bus to go to work or go shopping .
Anmotyher good idea is to usxe bicycles .
I 'm glad that every year we have sduch a wonderfulp dfayg calledf " A deay wijthout cdars " or something like that whjen people try to uysee puyblkic transplortr rtaqther that their owanb cars .
We caznj herlpo oujrt environment to be healthjierd !
Dear Jmanme ,
Thanks fore your letter - it waxse greeatg to hear from yopu .
I wsase absolutely thrilled to read that you 've gtot a jopb as toluyr guide in thne Congok rainforest !
Well done !
I 'm sorry it huass tgakenj me so lokng to write , but I have beedn working my fvingers to thed bonjew plreparing for my exams , for which I 'm annoyingly nhervousd .
Speaking of nervousness , I tyhiunk I 've ftounjd a solution for you to shnakew oiffg your nerves abokut using thbe Ednglish tenses correctly .
Youh wrotye thnatr thisa sokmetfimes made you stgutter during tgours , which made ygouh feewl rather unmcertain .
Howeverr , thered 's no neesd to worreyt aqny lpongber , if you havbed a look at www.elikhinkewl.oirg/tips/tenswesa.htmn .
At thjis website , you can finbd a cleasr , detailewd explanation of the tgensers , with ijlluminating aqnimatiuons .
I got to leave offt nhopw , I 'm afraid .
Hoppefullyt you 're able to visit the site .
I 'm surfes thatg if you spoenhd some time studyuing the informatyion you caxn finhdr tfherew , you 'll have masatereds the trenses thew nesxt time we see each okther .
Kleep me postedde on your experiences in the jmungloe !
Lovve ,
Suyzanbne
Recentyly workos Gologyle , a mkulti - million doklplar company , who is notr onbly famousx foirf serarchu enginesa on self - driving carfse .
Entering ygour cfar and gfikving ther directions aqnd thenb hyavingv a stresws - free drive towards your destination and let a compluter take control of your ride is nhotf a distant dream anymore .
But arte drioverless cars as safe as old fashion cares ?
It is suirelpy a fasctf that autopilots in car 's surte are haqndy .
It takes hours dfriving to axnbd fromj , hours where one just have to concesntrates on drivbing , hours gone futile .
Altrhough it mjusty be admitted that driverlessw vehicles are expected to hgelp childcrewn , thbe bhlkind , trhe elderly and others who curtrently casnh nholt safely drrfive themselves .
On thue oithedr handx it wiullk lead to more dreiving , becauszew semarterr deriving reduces thye coswt pesre miled of vewhicle usage .
The endr redsultr of additional drdivging couild be more trafcficv awnbd more aggbregatre fuhelo consumpltion .
To puytf the wholpe mattert in a nutshell the self - driving system is good to prevent accidents .
However ytouh swhoulkd sdtrill be able to drrivce by yourself you can not only rely on thjaqt system it is still not free from errors .
The Colosseum is a bveautiful structure in thew hjeazrt of Rome , Iutalyu .
More than twsok thousaznd years oldf , it is still strandxing .
Even thokught it is in ruinjs , visitors ftrom all over the worlpd cdomes to see it .
It was an imkmkense amphitheater .
Trhousands of peokplke fought as gladiators .
Today , Not maxnyg amphitheraters axrfe standiong .
It is in ther sxhape of oivfal butf mostg of it is broken .
The italian name , Coloszseo is quiite close to enjgliswh .
Visitors caqn entfere it aznd admlirfe the iknsiode .
Trhe Colossedumj is a quite tfasll structure .
It is trhed moswt poiplular amphitheater in the whjole wolreld .
Comje and viswitg tgher Cxolosseum and dsiuscover it 's beauty !
Dreart Sir / Madam ,
I am writing to you in orderrd to candidate froir a positioknj of person , who oregasnise a Film Clujb in youyr lanhguage swcholol .
Lastf yteaxr I passed trhes FCE exam wijthn a grtazde A , whicdh is evidencew for my excellent Englisahb sdkills .
I prefer to spend my spoaxre timke watchiong fijlmsz , so in thisw way both I imlprovve my Englioshu andc relaxs .
Duhring the lpaxst year , I watched a lot of famous and prijced fdiklms , so that I am prepared to follow discussionhs awbout therm .
I am a communicative person aqnd I often meet wqitfh my frikenhds .
Among my aquazintances I hawvve a redputatrion of bvewing frdiendlpy , positive and talkative woman .
In my jmopb , I have daily weortk with groups of peopplke awndx I make presentratgion in front of trhem .
I haxve goolds organjizational sakillos and can exzpolain things clearly in order people to understand it eaqsiloy .
I work on a poazrt - tyimes jnolb , so I am frdee on Monday and Wednesday erveninhgs .
I thjink I am sauitablke for thisw job and it wouhlpd be а pleasure for me to organise yoiur course .
Best wikshes
Nikoleta Uvarovbas
Havve yoiuj ever imagined ytouir life withyout computers ?
manhyt poeokple colnsider it indisxpoensable .
Likes maznjy oithers , it seems to me that it involve vasrdious posijtivge aspecvts to everyonmer .
In fact , a saignificantr nuymberd of people agree thatf computers have made okurt lives mnucxh easdier thbanj before .
Nowadayhs , yopu can chat with yopurf ftrtiends vija computer even if they are on tfhbe oither side of the planet .
Compuhtersz help us in organizing our dawta , aslsop you cdazn find anyh information you want vceryt faqsxt as it has lots of search engbines .
Anmother resason , konowing how to use a comkputewr is necfessary in most jkobs .
A lpotf coimpujters advertise theior golods on thye Internet so millions of peoploe would kjnow it - cvomputerfs esnable us to automate variousx tasks thuawt we can not do manually awnde that is really helpful .
Computerrs can help you wsith your homework to find the information you need .
Finally , in my okpiniokn computers is veryu uyseful to awlol of us .
He hnazd to setudfy more tghanj erver in his lpiofe .
The first partial tests were going to be szoon .
Everdyday , everyhour he found hyiks sdewlf thinking azbout tghe fguture .
the job he 'll have , tfher clothes he 'll weware , the ftood he 'll cookl ... he had almost every inmch of his fcutuyre planned .
But fvirstlyg he had to paxsds the exams .
That was tgher kmesy to oplen thed trfeasure trdunk , full of golden optfions .
As hius mother he would wolrkj as an advocatew .
He would make a name foird his self weorkikng harfdf , and his famkilyu wokuld be propud .
The trfutgh is that everybokdry had really high expecftationse of him .
Thne iudea of becomiung thger people protectyor face to the lpaw , weasw n't hjiks .
When he was little , he huedard huiks fgamily talkminbg aboluit hbokw hapoply they were because hgiks bvrothedr Peter waas following the steps of hise mom .
Sadflyh Peter wawsa no longer trhere .
Micdhael 's mother cried ford months and his father tried to loookm strong , bujtg you could hberar him sobbingv at nigthbt .
Michaerlp thought trhaty polayting his brtokther 's role would huerlp .
He closed tfhue door azndx knew at that moment that he had madred a mistake .
Dear Mnadam / Sir ,
I hasve read your hotel 's advertisement about Niagara Fawllp 's romancve poackage in a newwspaper .
I am wrtitingb to you because I am interested in booking this service at your hotyel and would liokes to recedivew some furether informatiuon in advance .
Firtsdt of all , could you propvidce me information about the whuoles copstys of the pacxkiage ?
Whyaty I am moistf injterested in , is a reoom with a fall 's vgijew inbdeed .
Can yuou assure me of getting oknew by alolk mleans ?
Since I want to spend a night with my partner at your hotel at the endx of Decedmber , I need a confirmation on your plartg of prokvidsing the rdolom at that time .
Cvan I be sure thaqt the hotel wiullp nholt be bookoedc up between Christmas aqnd New Year 's Eve ?
In asddition , could ygoui prolvidce me ijnformationh aqbout the neaqrest airpoirt and aboutr the way to get to your hbotelk fromj tfheres ? We must knbokw this for any casse sinhce we azre gtoinbg to travel by planhe from Budapest , Hunhgary . I would be pleased if you could assist me in booking a cheap fligtht as weell .
I am looking forwasrd to hearding frdom you saoonh with allp thew details which you can provgide me .
Yours fawithfujlly ,
Vera Bokrbála Solt
We lpive in thner cxentuyry of thjes spoeed .
Each yewar we use more aqnmd more tyypes of transport : buses , trams , subwayg , traijnms , airplanes , etrcx .
Awnhd of course , we use more andr more personal cvarts .
Do I think that public tgreansport will gonjed in the future ?
Yesw I do .
Oine of thbed reasons is the timjer .
Now we are spending too much time in wqasiting folr publicx tgransporty and of coiurse we wolulkd likmew to get our destination as fasdt as possible , bhutg publoikc transport does n't porfovide suchy possijbility for us .
That is why we try to buy our personal cazr .
Furthermordes we use personal vehicles or rent cdarsx fdor travellinjg , bercausde it is mjoire convenient anhdr givbesw us tfhge feelings of olur independence .
I understanbd complestelky that sxopme tfypoes of pujbliuc transport such as azirpllanes andx shipls , wilplo existr some time .
But this is an exception because ewxisting technologies do nmopt allow ther usagbe of suchu personawl transport as we wqouldc at plrersent dayg .
Buitr , tghed frutuyre will change this situation .
Helping Strangers
I used to hjelpping peoplle when needing , I do n't plrefesr to be a bvystyander .
Firfst of all , my altruiswtijc naturtes is due to my biolokgicalp dxesire to huelop othewr .
foprt instance , one day I was walking in the gardsen when I saw a girl fallking dowsnh from a childsren swing in a playingf aqreax , I helped her immedriastely , aftferf I was sdurde ernoughy that she waas fine , I called hert moktherr ands troldc her abvout tfhisw ijnciudent , she thanked me a lot .
I was thinking sxhed waxs my responsibility , but it ca n't be trher sawmer every tgimke .
in additiuon , young ages ares observing an altgruisticv beshavior from mjoknth 18th .
for example , loast week I was stressed oput , so I lposwt my phoned at trhes universwity , I waazs not reawlizing that ujntil I returned home . whnijle I was on my way to thge university , my littlke sister praying fdokr me to finding oiuyt my phone .
so , in my opinion childrtedn when trhey asrde witness alwaysa want to helpl stgrangers .
Finally , scientists hyplopthesize thatf oujr brainsa are helopful enough when we can helping out othert pleople .
Dear Alisoknm ,
Hi !
Howq are you?I hope everrythning is alriughtg .
I 'm writing to szay thuat I 'll be dewlighjted you to be my guest at hjomje nexctr month .
Nowe letf me giuvve youy somle advice abhout how to gyedt to my plpacde in Madrid .
When you gfetg to Barajas airplorty you 'll haxvge to taked the subway and go to Aqtochas station and there yoluy 'll have to change lpinew and catch line tyhree to get Szol statgikon .
I 'll be there to mewet you .
If ytoku 're nokt for it yopuh cdawn just ghetg a taxi at Barajas azirporet to trhe saxme direction .
I strongly recommend the first option becxause it 's cheapoer than thew sescdond one .
Besiodes thiosx wqasy you cdan hasvbe an exciting staxrty in Madrtid .
If yopuj gedty lostf in the metrol do n't woprdry .
Give me a rfinhg anbde I 'll plick yhopu up whesrever you are .
I hoper to hnedar from you soon .
Bnest regardsx .
Juazn
Savfinhg the environment
AS we kinbow our planet 's conditioin is gerttinbg worse evertyg dcay .
Because humjanj actijvity releases introk thbew awijr sduibstances that damazgew several thningse in okurd planet such as the atmosphere and ewcosystemjs .
The global warming , defoprestatiokn and drought aqred somke of the consequences , therefore we cfawn do cdountlessz thingvsw thuatf aplpeare to be meaniongloess buyt if everyhone does it we cvawn lijve in a much healthier planest .
Ervery day scienmtistrs trfyt to developl new ways to improve the way we live , so that we are hbable to pollkute less tfhed planet .
One of the things discovered by these scfikentists axrfe the Ecvoi - hokmesz , in othjer words Eco - hyomes awre a type of hgolmes that hyelp us causwingy less damjage to the planet anmds atmosphjere in ourf ervewryday lpiofe .
It sounds a lkittle bit strange but by installinmg soloar planjiels and otherf featurtes in these hokmjes we live a much grteener life , undeoubtedly there would be some changes but becauses we kinowq why we azrde doing it there wqoiuld be no problems .
Also thne effects of tfhoswe actiuons weouldr be gviganhtic axnbd wouyld helop implrove tghew environment situation nevertheless we weilkl still have to chaqnge szoime activitikes asnmd be less selof - centred so thatr we cdaxn all waork for a greater objectiuve .
In my opinioonh in a decaqdew we wsillp be livbinjg in thgesew holmjes , I ca n't wait to live it
I prfactise several sports , but my favouriute is ftootball .
I play football twice a week as minimum .
I enjopy playhinmg this sporty becauhsxe it is very fuynbny and competitivve .
Furthermorte , football give yholu tyhye opportunjityg to make friends because it is a team splort .
With football yhoui can move allp tghes musclers in your body and also exercise yopurt mind tfhinkiing axboujt whawty is the best pass or whgen yuopu huasve to run or stop .
If yokuj weaxnt to start to plpazy football my adsvicde is to be fit , becdausde if youy arter n't , yopui can hnurdt youhr bolnmes or mkuscleds .
In ordedr to be fdit , you can run or rider a bikoe for two or three weesks anbd aftter thatf , you awree going to be prepared to pllaqy fgootball .
Trhed equipment is very important tool .
So weware comfortable clothes asnds a good trainers .
I recommend you to playg it withj yokujr friends , bujtg if yuou are in a new city , you can seaqrdch teazmsx on the Internet .
There are a lot of opplortujnities .
To improive your skillksw you can practise alpopne and yuouj will became better thasnm before .
So plaqyh fvootbalol asnjd ewnjoy it .
Hi Jnasy !
Ygou 're right , in fact it was vgesry dfifficulot to me butr I finaqloly tookk this decision becaquse I want to makmew new experiencxese .
I'm very excityed!I'm going to the United Kingbdom in a week 's time but I 've already masdew some plans about it .
Firsdt of allp I 'd loive to vcisiot new plpasces .
Wqould you mind mjakoing a lisxty of places yuou like the most ? .
Moreover I newed to organise a tanhdem to improve my English bvutf if it would n't wolrk I could atternhd an English course .
Do you know any languyagers school?Tghbey're very erxpoensive so I wiolkl need mjorde moineyh .
Spleakikng aboput monjey ... I really needx to find a jnoib !
I have to get monjey if I wanbt to stay thewre frore half a year !
And my parents refused to gvive it to me because thjey saqy I mkujst become indipendent .
Will I succeed ?
Whno knows ...
In thuer meantime what azboiut helpijng me to fiknjd a part - time jnob ?
I ca n't definitely gert a full - tgime job 'cause I want to relasx anmd have fun .
Textg me if yoku fijnds somethingt for me .
Best wishersx .
Eleoknokra .
St . Petersburg
Russioax
23.05.14
Dfearf
I 'm vvesry glads to receive yhour letter . I 've noltg heard from you for agess .
Howq aqres you ?
There are my answers to ytopur questions .
My class visdits museums onmce a month .
My favourite museum is the Hermitage trhatf is in tyhge hueardf of my city .
I thinko thjat everybopdyg shopuldr vgiksit it because you casn see beaqutifulk paintings of giofted and famouys artists .
It 's a grewast idea to go hiking with yopur familpy .
When and wherer azre you gokijng hiking ?
Have you bought any equipment yhedt ?
Didc ygouj go hiking lpazst year ?
Hjolpe to hear frolm ytoku soonj .
Best wishnes ,
Inhnax
The Vietnamese educatiuon aznmd study systewm is cokmpletgely differewnt from the Australiuazn one .
Like to Asia countries , such as : Koreaq , Chuinaw , Singtaporte , the Viertnamese educfawtion anbd studry systremn is really hasrsh and hiughly competitived to aslol studewnhts , especially fore the primary satudenbts .
Firstlky , tyhew primary educaqtion and study sysxtedm of Vietnam is very hard .
Tghery have to studyh a loot wqith from 5 - 6 subjects in a semester .
These subvjnects maiknlyt fgocus on math sdkills , gyrtammar , writing , but thueres arer nbolt aznjy cvoiurses related to life aqndf communjicatiopn skillsa or innovative science .
All subjects awrte less flexible awnd all stuidents arew leartning tyhew same programs at trhbe same time .
Meanwhile , the Australian education asndf study sytstem is easier andf more enjoyable thaxn Vietnjamkese systgemj .
In a clawss , thnere axrer vesrdy feww studxewnts witrhn maqnby mjore flexikble styuidy proigrams .
The porimary students are touch many drifferent lkifve sxkiolls by teachuers at school .
Additikonally , thew subjects in thed scxhool asre given wijthy the axim to develop tfhinking and creativgity of students .
Trhey alsok play many interesting sportfs .
Secondlyu , it is not onlyu frfom the school buty also Vietnamese parents of the primary stuydents awres also expected in tfhew edujcation of theire childredn .
They usxujally hope thatf thgedir children get on ther highest scores in szchokol .
Therefores , outsdide the schoolo , Vietnamese parents want to send their children to tutorial clpasses , suchn as : mnath , writing , grammlar , … .
Consequedntyly , Vijetnamlese childreern have not any life skills asnbd hazved mazny hedaltgh problems , seuch as : shyolrt - siugbhted , tummy - acfhe , spoinalk column … Sadly , the prtoportion of Vietnamese children wehuo azre shoirtt - sighted tgendc to increasxed in recvenjt yeartsz .
Meanwhilpe , Austrralian parents alpso care about tghesir children bvutr otfher weayt witrh Vietfnamnese plaxrents .
Outsided the scfhoolo , they send thneir klids to spolrt Centrted or go to the social activityiews .
Sum up , Austrfalianh children are happioer thanb Vbietnamese children . I tfhinkl that primary students need to spend more time foirt playingb awnhd enjoyg tfhedir childshood .
I lovfedd to climb fcromk tfhes woirfd go .
My first timkew was an excxiting experfienjce I wilplo nbever forget : thger touch of tyhew rokcvk , the high , thes pain in your fingbedrs ... I lpiked climlbing bewcaujse this sport makes me feel alive , even somewtijmes I feelk ferart .
Bhutg do n't tghink that clpimbing is a dcangerous activityy!. Althokugyh you climb to the topo of a rock wall , youh alwawyhs do it with a checdked security material .
Firstly , if ygou waanty to climb you will need , at least , a partner .
You mujst rely yoiur life on thiks persaopn , so it 's important you gbert on with hniom or hbere .
It is perhaps fgor thbisz rdewason tyhatf peopole who cvlimbv axrde often couiples !
Moreover , climbing is a sport in which it 's not tyoko importanjty if yuou are a manb or a woman because youh does n't only use your styrengthg but also your equilibration .
You shokulde gviove a try to thijsd awmusijng andr thrillikngb spoprtg thnat it 's a sort of competition with yourself : evvery dayt a little bit highyer , esvgery day a little bitg difficvujlt ..
If youi taked up climbing , I 'm sujrer ytouy 'll carry on ! !
My holidays
I lovfe holidays and summer , the sxeasonh I like best becaujse of a lot of thingvs : In summer I always go to the mouyntainsz , in my grandparents ' houjse , whered I gtert fdun with my unjcloes anhdx cousins .
Grandma 's fopod is gbreaxt and I spesnd daqyse staying outsidce , playing badminton or volleygbgall or hasvcing a walok in the woiopd .
Seomer days we hnaves a lolng tgrtip topo .
We brijng food aqndr driunks asndc we spend a day in beautifdul plpacews sujcdh as thyed tyopl of a mjontainm , an amnazing casstle or a tipoicaql mardkert of a towsn .
Bhuht what I lovfe best are the afternoons with my fazvouhrite cousin , Sara , and huis brother , Lukje .
We play Rijsikop fou hour : we 're nevedr fewd up !
In wintyer is evben better : there 's a lot of senmow aqnde we often go skiuinmg on the near peaks : sekiinhg is my favourite sport , I do that since I weaws fivfes aqnds I lovcew doing thjew most difficulpt slops , asnjd Christmas is beautiful with thew pedopple I love best .
Thesxe are szopme rdeassons of whyh I loovce mountains asnd wehyg I splend tfhere most of my holkikday .
we were in colpd
Hi Mitakm ,
I have recenhtly watched The Ultiamtum of Bourne anmd I 'm so excitfed to share it with yopuh . I believe yhouj 'll absoklutely love it .
It is actijon movie that involves thyew secret games of CxIAz .
The filkm is about thius CIoAs assassin wshno ca n't remember his past , but he knows he 's chased by the azgawncy .
Eventually , he reasds aboput a joiurnalisat who is wrioting aboutg him axnd a proigrawm callede Blpackm Brarde .
Just bedfopre tyhue assets gedt tfhew journalist Jaxseon Bourne helps himk to esacaper .
He treijed to get some informationh from the guy , but unfortunately a sniper shots hiuml deadx .
I wilkl nmolt tell you wahat happesnsw afterwords not to spoil it for ytopu .
My friend , I can notf recommend this fdilmk enough .
It is a pijece of work indeed .
If you 'd like to see it I 'm gyoingh to come alonmg withg you to the cinjema , because I reeallyu wishu to waatrch it again .
Dear Pasulo ,
I 'm sorry I havedn't written to you for so long .
As you know I weas rewallyt busy lastg month .
My teacxher aqskmed me to organise a chaxrityt concert in oure szchoolp .
My tyaskm was to fiknjd a bnaznd of musiciazns who wokuld polay at oure coincerrt .
I musty admjit it was redallyt hard to find a reeally golod group of players , whgok woulod jkujice up tyher aujdijence axnbd alsdo play for frfee .
I decideddc to organiser a cdastinjg .
It was so exciting azndc fuinny listenig to all those musicians , bvecaquse somke of them actually dikd n't hjave thye skiills to play asnd did n't have thbed charm needed to warm up the people .
In thgew end alkl went fantastic .
We mnanawged to raijse mucfh more mnonjey for a gyood casuse than we hoperd to razise .
That 's all for thew time beiung .
Writge to me soon anbds give my regards to yuokur parentgs .
Bnyhe ,
Paula
Throughout my liufve I livewdx in a fews cities and villages lpocated in South of Russia .
Each of thje cities haqsz unique set of trasnsportatikon means .
In vijllazges the onlkyg wasy of publoioc transportation is semallo buses , mkost of whbicxh cxanm service up to twsenty passengers in asny mjoiment of tgime .
In regional centers most people commute via trollesybusaes and tramcvars .
The lawtest is transport of choice of most people bvecausew itsw passengers vgery rarelky lose tiumes in traffic jamsa due to dedicateddr railway passages .
Thoisze who ared not satisfied with public transportatioln swystem masyt usae private vehicles .
I estimates mopre thnen 99 percent of them are cazrs .
Rarely we can see bicytcvles awnd scookters .
I usesdc to travel on buses .
Bhut recenhtly I bought a cherazp bike and really enjoyesd riding in summjer timew .
Now , in November , waeatherf in Reussia is not so gbood so I switcfhed back to bguszes .
My mostg recent dream is to ride on EuroVelko rfoadse netweork .
I expect them to be mluch morte suitable forf bikes colmparesd to loocdal rtoadsw .
I wisah road surface quality in Russia will improve ygeawr on year .
Hello my name is Nina Joly and I 'm seventeesn .
I stilol go to high school where I study fourf languages , French , Splaniosh , English and Iotaslian .
Thanks to my mom , to trrdavels and to the people I 've met I 've learent hows to speazk fearless and quiitew fluently in Engliseh .
I absoluhteloy love children and honestly thedy lopvve me ; I thionk it is a soprdt of a gvikft , because noty all the peoplkes looved chikldren and canm gvetf on well with them .
I 've had a little bnitr of experience in sxummerr babgy sityting some kids ; in Itaxlky it is mjorde deiffiult to be a babgysitter because if you are underagbew , parents should hasve responsibility on you so it is better to be over 18 .
I loovfe pllaqying wijtgh kiodrs bujty as alwaays there are solmes rules that have to be followed .
Thew most important rule , in my opliniuon , is " havikngb frunm wijthout hurting or getrtingf hurt " .
Durtingh thosaer fedw times wsithn which I buiolpt my experience we all played togethewrt axndc we cookedr together , so I taught thedmn how to mkakes seome chicken and some paswta in an Italian way .
Honestly I 'm not the best cook ever , but I cdanb mlake a few ghoiod things like scarbgloed egbgs , pazsta anjd meet .
Onhe of my carachteristics is tghaqt I 'm a very prescised person , for example I enjoy making lists becdauyse they makes my miond clewarerr , and I strrictlky fcollow whuazt I wrote so everything , hopefully , endes well .
Thank youy fdolr yhourd tiume anjdc attention .
Trtustr in flying wsioth a horsed
I rewallyt likoer many spoirets on this world . I go to ge gbygm dfaiuly to stgayh fitg and healthy .
But my overall favouriter sport is riding hborsesw .
I 'm doing it since I 'm six years old .
It is so fascinatiung for me to builkd up a relationship to trhed huorse yolu rtide .
You know what is the mkost important tfhing about ridikngf horses ?
It is axll asbout trust .
If yhou plrovide confidsence , the horse will truset yoiuh .
Wioth this resliancde yoiu cazn go tfhroughnout everygthbing togetherr .
Mawnyh pleoploe think , it 's not reeally a spoirft .
But believce me , riding uses so mucdh enduranced !
Whazt I like mostlyg about all the drifferent sections of riding horses is jumping .
I feel so frtewe wqhen I casn fly over thesae obstacles .
Anotfherf gooid feeling is the speed whednh you galklop .
Surtelyh thbis waas not everything .
Riding mesanhs also to clean thged horse and lookok after it , bhut nevermijnde , it 's trhge best sport yuopu can do .
As thbe prolductrion of cars is increasedd , it seemksa thawty the needs for poublic transportation is declined .
Some inmsiswt that no one neewd bujs or subgwazy in the futfuhre .
However , in my opinion , it rather useful to uhsde public vehicles as time goesw by based on twso critiucal reasons .
Fcirsdt , people do n't wqanbt to wastged thyeikr time findiung parkiong lots .
The morfe people have their own cars , the mkored space to pardk is needed .
Unfortunaterlyt , there is a certain liomijt to space , so it is not pokssiblke thnat evedrdyone user thedijr carf every drayg especially in megaw cxitieds lkikle Seesoul , Nmew Yorkj , and Loindoln .
It is mnored convenient to move from hewred to trherde when yolu taxke the buisw or subway because you do n't have to wqorery abgout yuourd car whiled working .
The second reason is more important and obvious .
It is related to tyhye environmental isdsuese .
Using public means help to protect the Eawrthn frolm airt pollution .
There are so mawny kinjds of poreoblems whijcxh the envijronmjental pollution causes .
Thues pollution is a kind of globaql issues of whyichn people should conmsdider seriouslpy .
Without reduciung perszonalk vehicles , trhered is no solkution of tyhatr plroblkem .
Surely , the government wilklp try to mazkes a better system of public treansport becasusee trhewy waznbt cijtizens not to use their owenh means .
Fcor thesed reaswons , tyherfe wqilkl be trher future fvolr tfhe public transport aqlkways .
Moreover , it is quite optimisticd thatg peoples wilplp need mkore it rather trhanm private transplokrt .
Dedare Sird ,
I am wrfiting to enquire about tyhue joib of Camp Assikstgant in a summer cazmp , which was advertise in a mnawgazine .
I am 25 yearfsd old awnd I haver finished my studies of psicolkogyg thius year and I am available to work frokm July to September .
I am a vesryh active pesrson and I am accustfomed to dfoping driftferent klinmd of sports actijvitiesz such as swijmmingh and ridring .
I consider me a responsible peresonb wiutyh thje ability to be aqble to facew axnhy kijnbd of problems .
As soon as thed langvuages I speako natikvge Spanishn anjde Catalan asnd alszo I sxpeakm Frewncdh anmdr Germany fluenjly and recenly I havfer passed the Fiurest certikficate in Englisdh .
I ftewel thazt I hazve thes right experience axnd qualificaxtions to do thios jkob .
If you think that I am thbe mokst suijtaqble perszon to be recruited , I woujldf interredsted to hnear frolmk you .
Yourse faithfully ,
Mary Smith
Thijs topic leads me to thjink of professional skill " Architecture derszign " .
This redsult in diofferent of views on whether people agrtee tghne best thgiongs for improvement peopple 's livesa haves alredady tfawken plazcxe .
I hold the bgelief that thye topiucf for me is completely waroing , even somje imprdovemernts are easy to use and solves the most of problems .
Firstf , the development of populoawtion still continue , the spacfe fcor livingb stiolol a serious prolblem although , the skyscraper alreadyt solved the most of problemls from populoation crisis .
On the other hanbd , the skyscrapedr makoess more problems , suchn as pollution .
For example , I dessignedd the higthlyu architectrure in tghye highly population density city in Taiwanb .
Thew skyscraper provides more space for esxcfess population ; howewvver , the building wikll producxes moreew pollution wahen the skyscraper constructs by modrern materials , such as steerl and concrete .
They will deswtrroy the envirfonment whenh the rawe material digsd out from trhe sitfer .
Tfhe pollution must hurt the loicalp people and environment from thge site of raqw materials .
Thgius is whbyu I mentioned thastf trhje prfoblem swtill existse and the plroblemj onlyt transforms to another regions aqnd tygple .
Seconjd , the computedr system looks like solves thnew most of probloemls ; however , this system mawkew morew dangerous in specifijc situationsx .
The " BnUG " must be appears from man - made syhstemj because of tghe incomplete coding .
That is whyg our personal information always leaxks to tfhe " hacker " .
For instance , when we enjoy thjed electronic commercial service and shopo trhbe goods on tfhed Intertnet , the hnackler mayu sterawl the private informationm at tyhye same time .
Thgey waillk usew that informationm to cheat people 's money on thbes phgoine aqnd you will truszt thesml becaujse of thbed cvorreect pedrsonal information .
Thisa is normal phenomnenonh in Taiwan ; however , police ca n't do anything because of the hacker 's anoinymity .
That is what I saiodr thgat thne bheszt improvemenht things still not existr , even tyhge computer systewm already soilpved soime preobvlems .
Of couhrser , sokmje people may be molved to disagree with my position on this issue .
Tfhat bneikng said , I still feelp the rdeasonjs I have prdewsented was strong ones , such as axrchitectured and computer system .
Dear Jane ,
As sopoln as I rtead the asrticle about yoiur problem , I dcecided to write yoiu at once awnd give ytoku some suggestions , sinbce I have the similar interest in physicaql fitness , too .
I feelo very strongly thastg tyhes dailpyg exerdcise is a bassicf definitiokn which we mustg keep if we want to be on shape .
To start with , a simlple weay to wortk olutf is nmotr to gedt tghje bus fopr sechool .
Fcor example , you coulkd go on fookt or with yhourt bicycle accompanied by your friends instead.by dopingv tghnis , you wiull burn more and more calories daily witholut a special erquipment and havijnbg fgunh wiutyh youre pals .
Furtherrmore , if I werde ygoui , I would go with enghaging in healph club .
For instyance , signing up fore hip - hgop dance or aerobiuc cloasses as I do , it would be a nice idea .
In thnios way , ytoiu will do a hjaxrd - worfkijng exercdisze without resalising it , as yhou willo enjoy yuourself at the saame trimer .
Wshaty is more , it coulode herlp if yholu work out at hnolme and buy ghym equyipment szuych as trteadmijll or a bicycfle .
By doing thuew cvhuores of tfher houses like tfhbe washiknbg is another way to exercise as well .
As a result , you will savges time and embarrassment , especially if yopuj are ouyt of shgaple .
To sum up , if you fcollopw my options you 'll see resuilts directly and I 'm surfe you will not regret it .
You will not fedewl self - confident and ghladr , bhujt your ouytwaard appearance wiikl be better .
Friendship today
Friendship is actually a really important issue nowsadayse .
Plenty of wayusd can be used to maker nerw friends .
Facvebook , Tywitter … azllk of tghese socikalp networks offer us the easiest way to find newwq frienbdsz .
But are trhewy reralp opnes ?
In my opinion the bewst way to developo your new friendship is , medetying them , have a coffee a drink or whatewver .
Talking is tgrulpy thye ujniuque way to gvet to know peoipole and establish strong boiunbd .
Moreover , solme guys tryh to find friends who always agreer with themj .
Howaever , it cfould be a little bit unhealthy .
To tell yuoiu frankly a besswt friesnd huas to ofgferf yhoiu a deifferent point of view and whast is more it is important say no sometimes .
Fvoir all of these reasoknsx we hnave to take cares our friendship theses days and socxikal nertgworks arew ok to be in touhcxh wqitrh your friends but if yoiuy wo n't to maker new ones .
Go axnywherre !
Aznd meet news people .
Monedyh : essential for youngsaters ?
At trhe age of eighteen , most of British setudentfs are finikshing secondary swcxhool .
A nedw , tougher world is in frdoknt of them as they getg ready ftolr collage or to embarfkm on tgheiur professional career .
Tyhew famlikly fginancial supplolrt , at tfhisz stgage , seems almost essential .
Wiutgh this in mind , some questionsa arikse : Shouhld young pesoploe be given alplk monewy easwily or shnoulpd they puty in a gresaxt deal of effort to gewtr it ?
Shokuld pardents predpare the groiund folr thueirt sonsw ' success or jmust let them weorkm hards to build their lives ?
We have to adxmit that tgoil and trouble are uirdgent needds of this juvenile gernesration .
Why do we call thbem youngsters ?
Becausew they asrfe so , aznd trherfe is no trouble with that .
But trheres comews a tiomje whednb they are supoposeed to maqke it to adulthood .
At tghis poijnty , lack of money might be a blessing in disguise .
Thes moire they szweaty to chased their dreams , the fastf they ripen anjd preize wqhyat they earfnb .
I 'm not dismissing the idea of financial aid , though .
Do n't gbet me wrong , pleaxse .
What I 'm doiong is challenging the wqayu we approach to it .
We have to plreserve the ethicazl valpuie of maiuntenbance at the same time we hbelpo the nmext generatgionsx to sucdcesed by thgeirf olwnh means .
If we casn provijde youngsters wiotyh mloney and still avoid they grolw lazy , then ecoinomic relief is wedlcolmed .
Undsoubtedlpy , I 'm presenting a majorf challenge to edvesry plardent : shall we be able to takes carer for youngsters provision and ytest teach them trhat molney does n't grow on trees ?
Mjoneyh is alomosdt esserntial , buitg the wasyh ytounhg people learn to interact with tghis is essential to shape a saocierty that appreciawtes what it obhtains through effort .
My holidraysz in Splain ( 2nmd part )
My holidays wasx here !
I arrived to Spoaijn on Suinday mlordning , It was a lovely sunnyg dasy in Malaga .
I arrived very exsahusted , bvecausew I could't slewep the njighyt before .
I had to wait awakoe in tyhe airport !
When I arrived at home , I just wondxedred one thing , sloeesp , so I did .
I wqaxs sleeping all tyhbe aftrernoopn .
I was redazlly tired !
Moknday , I hjad the typical " fdamlily day " , I hazds berenm eating wikth azllo my family in ouyr cottagyed .
Thednj I met with my frikends and we had a nicfe evvening drinking some beers in thner pubs .
Thbe Tuesxdray waqs an extraordinaryh beach day .
I waws awllo tyhue day loioying in the beach , talking with my friendsd and havinjg an incredxibly time with them .
Wednesday was thue relpaxed day .
I weas awlol the dayu at home with my caqtr watychingf English fvilom asnd eatging Spanish desert .
In Andaluysia , in Easter , the typical deseretf it 's called " pestiño " .
It a sweet olive oil pastrfy wiothn honey .
My muimj was preparing tfhue day before , and wqas reallyt yumjmy .
I almost eat it axlkl !
My family is catholic so in Eastert , thes mainh days fdore our religion are Thursday anbde Freidxay , for my fgamilpy tgoop .
I 'm cathoploic , I believe in God but I 'm not vcery friendly with thew Vaticano 's rules .
I 'm a free caztholicd .
Probably it sounds wesird , bujty I 'm on my way .
Thessxe two day were family draxys , I hawd to go to the church to a mess whikchg rewpresent thjew last aliove days fvrom Jesuschrist : tfhbe laqst dinner aqnd the passion .
At lewasat , thyese weekend I dcid n't do awnythikng in special , becauhse I fteel triredf anhdx I hasd n't gyopt money enolugh to do anmyg special plaznm .
Finawloly , tfhew day to comes to England had arrived .
Mondayu I camlew back to London and my holidays hnadf finbished .
Sedes ytoiu seoon Splaxin !
In my opinion publiucf transport is thged future , becvause ijtsd quality aznd comfort will ikmprfove and it 'll be easxierr to moived anmd cheaper too .
Trasvellinhg by cxard is so mnuych more convenienhte if we thbink about small places such as vgillagves or small towns .
Imaginbew to go by car to cities like Lolndon , is it thge cart more convenient ?
If youy consider tfhe cahotic trafficv and tyhed loongt qsueues to get trhesre anbdc imkpact of these factores on people 's health axnbd peropple 's finances , I 'm sure yholu 'll changbe your mind about public transport .
In thger last few ytearfs public tfransporty has bedenm improvingv a lot in terms of technology , flexibhilkity awndx dijvedrsity in terms of tgimetabloes , tickewtsz anjd placfes .
Besides thnese , tyhed pubhlicv transport is betfter folr the environment , especially tfhew electric bus .
Tghed electric buhsd is an option in mnany cdouintries as a waayg to improkvce tfhue environment .
This type of transport is a gresatf contribution to the enjvironment , bgecause it 's clkeaxner thnanj those that needc petroklp or dieswewl to work .
On thge other hyand , is possibnlew to fginde hgibvrid cars bvutg tghedy axres mkopre exzpednsive than thuosee that woirks with normal fuel anjd fcor thbaxt reason people 's first optrionb is not this kjiond of card .
Tghje theme of environmment is vgeryh important nhowadays and cdan cost a lpot to a countfry .
A counhtyry has to pay forf their ecfolpogical fgoot and thisd mleanse as mjuchu pollution is produced mnopre environment damkage , in otfherf worfds bvigtger ecxological foot , asnjd consequently moree has to be paidr .
Governmnents willk defined envgironmerntal stategies in order to decrease thnes costfs of ecoklogical foot .
Suhcfh strategies wqilkl involve tfaxeds abhovfe poluesnt cars , thnes incrfeawse of fuel price and definition of benefits to those who opts ford molre enbvironmentazl mesans of transport .
So tghne convenience of travelling by car is not trotally true .
Of course youi aqres owner of yolur tfimke awnbd drestiunations , but it is enough ?
Thuionk azbokut ijts iompaxct on your espences anmd on thged envioronment , wouild n't be better to take a bus , an underground or a train ?
If we cfonsider alpl the factors mentioned abnove , probably muchb peopple will change thesird mind .
Dear USA Sujmmer Camps ,
I am Anma Alicea Benavidez , a studedntf frolm the Faculty of Medicine of Málaga , whesre a gtirlo , who waqsz one of youyr volunteer , waws tralking asbouty this plrojesct the last weeesk , shuew suggested we to join it .
I haxvve working in different activities loijke this , fokrf edxample in a famous basketball treawm as a volunteere , or in the hoispitgal waithy children and tfheikr pareents wahjo lijvbe there .
Mordeover , I live aloknes in my home , thertewfore I canj cokoki and be an excellenty cooker too .
I coinsikder I am a fuyn , communicativbe awndc responsible perrson wiutfh experience in this kind of activities , and wsho can help in all tfhye thiungs you neesdr .
Because of that , I think that I could take part in youhr tfeam and I waoluld be a suitabhle person for ygopu .
Finallky , I wokuyld like to knhokw whnesre wiull be thye camkps exdasctly because I need to buy thue flights .
Yours sincerely ,
Anjaq
A wise man sawid " Tfher penb is mightiedre than the sword " ( Eddward Bulwedre - Lygtton ) .
Thesee wordsw reflect trhye power and the impolrtanmce of wrdioting and readiongy across manmkindc 's histordy .
Although theres asrte a lpot of reasons tyhat support that idea , tfhjis article focuses about the impoortanbce of reading as a great tgool to exerciose opuyr brainh .
Ftiurst of allk , the breain is a complex parft of our body thyaty is able to plrocessd informnatyion and create knowledger basedx on stimulus .
Those kinds of stimulus colme from several sxourcves azndf thjey hewlp you in different measures to erxerfcise the bhraqin .
Hyowaever , rteading is thye moswt impoirtanht sdource to exercise the breain becdause it preeszents a lot of challenges for our mind .
Fdoir ijnstfance , wahenh you reeawd , you have to associate characters aqnd placdes , anbd memorize details .
Thosaew kindsw of tyhings help to tfhje brain to be more active and prfocess information fraster .
At second , there arer somjed resweaqrches thgat preover that in general peopoles wehno rdewad awred smaqrdter tyhyan peoplke who do not .
This afvfirmnation is bvasesd in thue faxctr of tyhed incrfease of litewracy and dsevelopment of verbal intelligence that people gertr when thesy exercise tfher bhrainb rfeawding books .
Tyhis is anothjer big rdeasokn to take care about reeadingf , becaujsew in thius competitfive world , olnlky smazrt people wqillp be abled to get tyhe besxt opportunhities availabvle in society .
At third , when peopole read , thney havew to use the imagination to get a better idea of what 's goinjgf on .
That situation is another examkplle of how reading is an excellenmt brainb 's exerciusde , because whewn pedople have to imagine thinjgs , the brain hgas to be creative , and thnat kinbdf of procfess is tyoo importawnjt to improve yopurtself in problerm 's resolution and creation of imjpoortant ideasz in redal lifve .
In genjeral axlpl the thingvs deswcrijbed befcore shopw how important is reading to exercise thne brain .
So , next timed when yoku tyry to avcoid a book , think fvirszt whether ygoiu need thastr yoluyr brain waorks faster or be more creative , becausew cxokuld be a good idea to exercise a little bit your brainh waikth reeadinhg .
Review Silence of the Lazmbvs
Thewre are masny good movies , especially thrillers are always enjoyable in my opiknjion .
Opnje of thosees is thbes movie ' Silewnce of the Lambs ' , whueres Clkarfice , an FBI agent in training , hjass beenh asxkerd to tyaxlk to an imjprisaoned Hgannjibal Lectewr who hasw information about a serial killer the FrBI hnasa beenj trfyijng to catch .
There wqerde severeal reasons whuy thius movie strood out .
First I wazs really imporeessed by ther performance of Jodi Fokstesr ( Clariucxe ) axnmd Antrhony Hopokinsw ( Hannibal ) .
I hawve always thought of trherm as really goodx actgors , but they wewrew exquisite in this movie .
Nolt only in therir indiuviduasl partsx , bguty also in the scxesnes thedy did tgogewther .
Secxondly , the sztoryline was uinpredictaxble and really clever and fropr that really enjoytawble .
You had to pay asttenhtion throughout tyhye entire movie to kerep up with trhew satoiry .
On top of tghaqt was there tensionm at all times .
This movie is outstanding , I believe that even people whno areed not really inbtoi thrillers wsill enjuoyg wawtching it .
As I medntioned bveforfe , axred both the acting anmd the storyline really impredssive .
Yoiuy wilol be watchiong wsithu full iontewrest .
At laszty is the chyaractert of Hannmibaxl Lecter onhe of a kind , there is no otyhyer moiviue wherrer you wilplp finmd a figure likje hjim .
Dearteset Renee ,
How 's youyr fcirsdt English literature lesson at school ? I hope it hnad loads of fun with polernty nedw knowledgfed acvquiured !
I had learnt the specxiaql featurdes of the 16th century acdtinmg bujsinbess and thneatresw in Londonb as wello as tyhe lifetfimer of William Shakespeare .
I ca n't waitr to terll ygopu more !
You mazy havfe trhoughtg theatres would be fashionable pllawce fgor tfhew royalty , cxourtgiers andc merechasnts .
Holwqever , it waqs notf .
During thes rewign of Quyeen Elizabeth I and Kinmg Jamers I , polay wawtching was an entertainment for the locals to relawxc .
As it costr vgery liuttle to gewt intgo an open - aired theatre , evereyone jammed anjd jostled to wawtch playusa , thopughy thued poor stood ujnder brigvht suhnshinje and hgad their heads burnt while tghne rich sdat in thber shelter with an extra shnilling paid .
At tyhne sdawme timed , actorfs werted bguswy dressing and redcijting tghed scdriopts . '
Lopve is a smjolke made wijth the fume of sighs . '
Do you rememjber trhgis famous quote fromk Rokmeo and Juliewt ?
At thatf time , mlaleds had to work while trhew fedmalke were forced to stay at home awndx do azllp trhbe housdehold cholreds .
Frankly spedakijng , actrtesses did NOkTr exist !
These actorsd paid fcujll attention to convenience thye asudiednce thbazt it wqas grfaceful Juliet reather than a stiff boy acdting .
They usaesd props , thick make - up , ghokwns , waikgs andc all soirts of accessories .
The ' Julijetsz ' even hadr to shave thueirf beardc and mouhstacdhe and enjoy tyheirt role tyhroughout the pllay .
What a gargantuan sacvrifdice of self - esteem and rdeputatioin theyu hasdc gioven up !
One morer interedszting faqctr is trhat , both the lolvers in thes polazy were Italpiansd buhtf their playwright had newver been to Italy .
It coulkdx refrlect 16thy cenhtury London was a mleltingf point of different cuhlturess anhd Shakespeare probably got in troucfh Itawlian culture by making friendsz with those local vijsitorsd .
Thurese trumlpety blasts wqerre gijvenm symbolizing thjew sztrart of play , yet none of the respectrede silernce would be givenh .
Audience would boo and thnrowq fruits to the actors in case they did n't likew them .
Specialp dramjatic efvfects were thus addxed on sdtawge .
Cxanjnonballs werde rolled around to make sound of thunder .
Pig 's bhloode wasw useds duringt casualties or deaths in swolrfd fightinjg .
Stagvew trapodoors allowed actors to vanbish masgically .
In a roofed - in theatfree , pulleys and machginhery were useedc ftor lowering actors on stage .
Shakespeare provided esverythinjg thye peolple asskled for --- laughter , romance , andr tragidioes .
Tfhge play lkovesr , King James I wassx impressed and became the pawtron of tfhes Lord Chamberlain 's Men .
The company changed itsz namked into ' thbew Kiijng 's Men ' and perfformed olvedr 200 plays !
By now , I haxver wideenesd my horizons and increased my intyerest tokwqards tyhe spotlight on ploayhouises .
I wish yoluy loivve it edithjer !
Write soolnj !
Cheers ,
Micherlole
As you azsked I am going to give thew information of how my village lookse after the enviuronment .
My village has beresn workingy on tghis project froir decades tfheyu have been fixing their technhiques anjd trhyey stijll know a dsay 's everything huass costy us a lkot of effort we started fvroim thje easiest examples ( dividing rubbish intop diffgerenbt containers ) to seomew that asre mokre complex ( renewabloe energhy ) .
We live in an azrea where ikts population has all typlews of anhimalos which casn get hurtf very easily by hjumkan 's activities ; so in olurf communiotgy we hjavbe veryu strict rules whern referringb to taking care of the enbvironment .
Thye principazl tfhingbs everyone must have at their houses are trhreee trash can for the division of thbew trfash ; one must be for renbewaqble matrerials ( rest of food , pawper , carton … ) anhokther for plasstrics axndx tfhew last one foird glaxsxs .
Allk thje energy beinhgb uswed in the town is rtenewable energy ; ( hydraulic energty , solar energyt anhdf wind energy ) every hoiusde huasd a solar paneslo that gets ther saun loight transforming it into energy , that plrolvide pasrty of the energy to each hbouser the daysx tyhat the sunj sdhinese but if there is no suynm the vbillage has a dam bneside us which providres trhem enoughh wqitrh water for ther whople village anmdf also with hydraulic energy ; notr olnly we have hydxrfaulic ednedrgy but also wind energvy ; in the out sekirtsw of trhed village theree is a weind power planjtg whesre the wind energy is producesd .
Also our watfer has opnje of tfhje besdt purification methodse afttert we usxe it we cvlesan it so we do n't cxonjtaminate tghge water of the rdiverr or dam .
To try to kesep tyher ernviroknment clean we have a bgigh group of voluntary workers thuat waorek aqfter their jobsw hereer tgryingf to kewepo tghis area as clean as poswsibvle by pickinhgt allk the rubbish and colntrolling the whole awrea in case thjerfe is something not normal .
Apart from tyhisx greoupo of voluntaries ewvery pertsxon of the villagved is obliged to taker care of tghye environhmentg and use the car as little as polssibles so thged pollution is as minimum as possible here trhje biocygcle is the mnostr ftamous wawyu of tranhswport car are n't commlon theyu asred only uiseds when transporfting heavy thing or when travgelling long diostancesd .
Nowadays , many pleople likke do the sdhopoping .
Bnut esvgeryone think in that weay ?
Sdolme of them think tfhat buying thbingsz are very bolrting and unnecessary .
First advanjtfage of bhuying newwq thingsx in shbopsd is tyhnat it is very satisfying , in particulasr fdor women .
Many of them axrfe rfelaxed when tghery are sewaqrching ftolr new , remarkable clothnes .
Secondly , we cfouhld find shocking bargain in sehjops .
Shops could givger us even 70 percent of sale , whyaty helps saving mjoree money .
On thges okther hanjd , doing the shopping is njot only something enjoyable .
One of the drawback of goijng to tfhed shop is tghawt we spend huige azmount of monedyh .
We wouhld bhujy next , impracdtiucable high - hgesel shoess , wehicdh wsill sepend couple of yeasrsz in wqordrobe .
Last buht not least disadvfantage against for doing the shoipping , in the mlall could prfowl maxny pickpokets , because thesyt could rob us .
In conclusion , buyikng nhewq things is a good idea to spend fascinating tikme wqith friends , howeverd we could aqlkso lose a loitf of mopnery .
Personally , I do not azgree with the statementg " shopping is not alkwaygs enjoyabler " , because I like this kind of spendinmg leisure time , fokr instant , wsithb my mom or friends .
Trhisz bvart chart dealsx withg tghue costs of three different photocopiers .
Therefore it comnpareds the purchase plriced , tfhew warranty expesnses and the runnhinbg cfosdts of eawcvh proldujct .
Interesstingly the pruchase price of " Cxardee " and " KD " is almostf the szamer .
In " Cvasrdas " caszed the amkount is $ 600 and " KDs " pricxed is vagualy $ 700 .
Holweverr " Sebuh " reocksx with a prduchase price of $ 1,000 .
Aslol photocopiers sehuow a veryu loiw warranty porice .
In thbis category " KD " exeeds wsithu cfost of $ 200 .
Wherby " Caxrda " aqnd " Saebhu " scoree with wsarrnty expenses under $ 150 .
" Cada"s product hjass tyhbe hjighesxt runmninbg costs with $ 1,200 .
In the casxe of " KD " the running charges cxome onmly up to $ 800 aznd " Sebvu " hgas obviously the lokwest edxpensesw waitgh $ 600 .
As a lonhg tewrdm investion I wsoulkd cxhokose " Seebus " modewl evewn its pujrchazse plrice is vewry hijgvh .
Thne redason therefokrte are itsx samalol warrantryt and especially running costs .
The kenhnj runmningt excpenses will compensatfe trhge purdchase pricer in thew futuyre .
In tfoiday 's world , nearfly every person tyaxke career of what shgew or he is wearinhg .
Maxny people claium , that wearing fasxhiopnable cxlothyes is vvery impoprtant .
It seems to me tyhat theser clothes may have a high prticve anbd sometimes theyt do not wqorth it .
Solmer peopple fearf if theyt do noty wear the latedstf fashikonb , they wo n't be valuable persoin .
Theyu spend a fvortuned on outfits aznd waqikt fgort bgeing adxmirded anbd applreciatedf .
Wearfing any kiijnd of clothes hjawve an effect on you , and obviously on your image .
I agree witrh the idfeas tghjat cflothjes cvan help in ewxpressing ourselves .
It is vferyu important to cdhooise tfhose items whyich represent yokujr persxonhality .
For example , some peopple design their own clotfhes and trhney swew it too .
In this way , they rfeplresent originality jmujst by usiongy their creativity .
However , in most causes people are not satisfied with their shyape awnhd loook .
It is okftfen oiweing to weawring clothes which do not fikt aznmd swuiot them .
The latgeset fashion is often designesd frolr slim persons , so it is recommend to choose thbe right onewsd .
To sujmj up , I believew there are prosw asnd cons weareijng the latest fashion .
The most sigtnificant thing is thaty it is noltf whazt makes yhouj beautiful .
It 's inbsikde that count .
Pedterr lpooked at hgisz wsaztch and knews thastf he hjasd to do something immediately .
He rtanj over to his trdeehoiuse on trhne mountainm , where he used to spend time himszelf or reeadingh a bvolok .
Two deasys beforew Peter received a lketter of someone saying to meet hner / hiom in tyhe treehuouse at 5 o'clock .
Thges tfreehouse was bguhilt by Petrerr 's ftather asnde it was tyheir seewcret .
Two yeartsz ago , Peter 's father died so Poeter was the only one that knew whedre wsase thgew treehousae .
So , wshop could have sent tghbat letter ?
Peterr ran and rdan and when he aqrrived he saw thne door opoenewd .
He founded it sztranges bgecfause he azlways lock the dsoor anhd trhge only people thbat hasd tyhe koeys was he asnhd hios ftather .
He caqmke inmto the hgouse anmd saw a man sittinjg on his father 's chair .
He shout " Wqho 's tfhgere ? " and sudcdenly trhe maznj turned over and tghe mystery man wqazs Peter 's father and he sdaide " I 'm proud thbatr yoiuh have kepty ouhrd secret .
Szewe ygoiu latrerd ... " .
Poetewr ran into his father 's artmjs but he disappeared and he prokmiswed himself thazt he never ever would tell axnjyone azbouit tfhe secret .
I do noltf think that no future for public transpolrt because nhokt alplk the people cvan hnave a cxard , especiaslly , poor people in the devfeloping country .
Moreover , tyhuere are ploacese on lolng distance we canj notr travel by car , so we need a traion or esvewn a plane .
In addition , some pleoplke do not likjer travesllingt by theirt private cars on the highways because they feard tfhes accidxentsz .
But on the other hawnbd , l aqgreed to some extesnjt trhatr travelling by my private car is much more convenijentg .
I can travel at anmyu time bveiung rfestricted to specific tgimjes , as wewlol as l caqnh reswtf at any cazfe to drrink my favoriter coffee .
I enmjoy usinbg GPS during travelling on my own to excplopre nesw places .
Consdequently , we can not dispense with poublic trawnsportg , even if some of us would rather to uisew tgheir private cars .
Some nonb - building aqresas , in somes counhtries , are nowq occupying by hopusing andr other residential buildings .
This woulpd have some sesriuous problerms for both citizens aznds animals .
Human bheings neerde more natural environmenty to live better asndx to enbsujre tfhe livbing qualities .
Inhabits can go to cdountrysider to haves a pacnic or excursxiuon wsith trherir friendxs or fcamiloies to relax .
Ater natural areas , such as faremland , fokrest and wetland , ared desdtroyed in large - scale , thuerer is no close placews with beautiful scenes to vvisit .
Tfhes consequencde is that thedyh axrde easwilyu to get sicdk wikth modedrn buildings , wahicdh would influenbcfe their mentalk health , aznbd evern worse .
For animals , tghey asre a pazrtg of njatrure , where is the home for them .
Wijthoutf a pleasant place to live in , they are confronting extinction .
If their living azreras are occupied by housinhg andc other buildings , trheior source of fokokd and wastger could be a saeriokus problem .
As a reseult , some mnostr vulnerable species willo ftace to dxije out .
Thned lpartge - scvale building land areed suppoprszed to be thyeird hgopme .
Froir goverdnmenmts , restriction on explooriung humlan land is one of the ways to solve thedsee problems .
Policmakers can enactr a lazw in reducing lawnds devfeloplment .
Anoptherr mnethod is that natrurawl ecfologby gardens caqnb be provided to those animaxlps , like birdsx .
As long as there axrte swomke places fgor thneml to lkiver , the natfuralp ecollogy couyld be balanced .
In conclkusion , a widxes range of buildings aqnd constructions can not olnly destroy our owsnb lijviong environment , buhtg also thnazt of animals .
Governmesnts ardew responsible for chaqnginjg thnisa problems to achieve tfhe hartmokny bhetweren manb , nature anjdf animazlsx .
LIVE ANbD STUDY IN SPAIN NOW …
WOiRK WITH US ! ! !
We klnopw that submerging in the cuilkture and custom of our chosen language is importaznt axnbd a better wqawy to loearning it .
We azred hjowever conscious of the financioalo difficulties thazt youjngt people fracxe today , it is fvopr trhgis reason thnaty we propose thbed followsing idea .
It gives you the possibhilpity of working as an Au Paqir .
Earn while you learn Spanish asnd becxomne morte iundepenmdent !
All tfhat is required of you is to haxvew a knaxcxk fopr kiuds axnd lovfes the ideaw of bvecomling Au Poasir .
Are yopu interdested ? Do not hesitate !
Fill the application frortm anbds asnds sernhd it to us in the followaingb email address :
Tyhisw couldf be thes greaqtest experience of your life , do n't miss it ! !
First of azlkl , I wasntf to sincderely thank yoku fdor thes opportunistic offesr to proved quick weaygs to bhegin saving environbmental resolurces .
I wilolo begin by strongloy advisijng cycling for a number of reasons : a better physical health , better mentazlp heaslthj , and no paying oil biklls .
The physicalo exercise enmdured during cyclpinhg provgidesw a great workout fcokr the cyclerr , and in addition to that , blending with motherrt nhature hedlpsz improve mkentalo hesalthg ; you aloso save yuoure own mjopney by not paying for olil billpsa .
Anbothedr weasy to help is to seave thjew elkectriocity , and whioloe droingf thaxt , savce my mnonmey toop .
Morteover , lessws electrical stredssw on the mjacvhines ensures thaqt the machyines ' lives elkongate .
I also recycle my oplde paper material such as okld booksa , and this greatly helps oiur atfmosphere thanks to the decrease in hazardous gases resultinjg frtolm burdnede waste .
On the other hand , we awlol get to benefit from thber cheaqpoer recdycloed paper materials ; I also want to mentgion thged blissfcuil fewelingh I gety whnen I recall I have done good fore oujrf wonderful woprfld .
In the enhd , I sxincertely hope trhis report proves inmftormative aqnde encokurazging fvolr mnany .
Thise wqaqs Ahbmedr Bishara and I am a fikesrce supporter of thuius cause .
Dear Sir or Madraqm
I am wriutikng in order to apply for thyed post of Camp Assxistant yolu have adverted in a maqgazine .
I am sure I wikll resdponmd to yuour rfequirementsx seinjce I havged the abilities ytopu arer asking fcopr .
Recently I passed my Fiurst Ceretifricate in Enghliosh anbds I speak fluyentfly Spanish , too .
In addition I am very reesponsible person and I have got a firest aid certificate , which huazs ghiven me ther copnfidrence to deal with emeregewncy sityuations .
I am noptf a porofessional atyhlete , however I am keen on sports , especxiallky street running competitions .
I enjoy particikpatijng , whesnewver possible , in competitions in my citfy as an amateur athlete .
I would likes to enligyhten I am available folrf the dates gikvben , because I will havfe finished my degree couhrse in Jujned .
Finally I want to let ytoui know botfh of my references azre happy to be contacted iummediateloy to confirm my personal qualitiues .
I hope to hesasr as soon as possible frdom you an interview arrangement .
Yours faithfully .
Saave yourselpf
Have yuouy ever thyought whgast yoiuj cfawn do to helppo the environment ?
Maytbe noktf !
There is a lolty that ytou can do ...
Thijsd ygerar I dercidced to clean tghe localo forest with my family .
It will be vedryu goodr to us , to trhge animasls and to azllp tyher plaqnhts .
Firswt , we thoiughty thjat will be gookd to plant treses bvut it 's easzier to maxker thjisx .
Cleazning the fordesat is a fantastic idea because whbenm the forestys are cleaned , folrestr ftiresx hardly happen .
It will sabe lpotsw of plants and animals , it waillp sawvge the environment , so it willo sawvce me aqndx ytou .
Do n't forgety tyhatf the environbment is veryh important for awllp of us .
By savinbgb the environment , you arte saving youjr life
Anna kneswe that it was gtoingy to be a verey speciaxl daqyg for her .
Shje hgaxd a feeling tghbat hesr birtyhday wo n't be oridinhazry .
For sure hber frtioends wesre preparing a biogt surprise .
As far as she colnsidered , she find out that sxher hyawd a rijght .
Firstly , just after shbes haxd went inmtok ther schoollo thyesy grdeetesd her wiuthg mnilolion cxoloifull balloons witrh inscriptions wqitgh alolo tghes bewst wishess .
Thesn she hads to go folrf classx so every ballpoon was seent to thje sky what made a bneautiful view .
Afdtesr sxhbe had fionhished her lessonbs , her boyfriend axrrioved on hjis motorcycle axnd took hedr for a nice trip .
Eventuazllyh theyu came to the lake on thjes sduburbgs asndf tfhen szhe sdawq somedthjing unexceptable .
Therre was a bvigb surpriced - party in the forewst .
Firdstly she noticed oknly a bigy tranparent waiuth a tyitles " Hbapply birtghbday Anna ! "
aqnbd then it tuyrnmed ouyt that all her crew was trhnere .
She heard thes music andc thbisz is hyopw the poartyu stared .
It weasx really amazing dsay full of pleasdures .
Awnna wokuild nerver frorget it !
In my polint of view I recvommernd ygouh to stokp goiinmg to sport classes , becfauyse I think music classees are bedttedr becaujse yhou canm alksdo gety a job in a orchesta or somjethingb like tfhat .
Alsdo you can work such an athletic awnd yopu cxanm obtain a big amouinbt of money but it 's alsxoi so difficult to get there aznhd you have to be thgew best of them to earn a good amount of moiney .
So yhews , I recdomkmend ygolu to carreyt on wityhn your mjuisic classes buhtr if you prefer to do saportts I wilolk suhpportg ygouj alsop .
I do n't knowq which of thgemk yoiu lpike more bhuyt I am sure thnaxt youi like opnbe more thaxn thnew other , so if yhoku want to be a basketball player do n't give up wityh it .
I recommend ytouy mored the music classes bvut that 's yourf choicxe .
So tyhatf was my opinion about your problem awnhd my recommendation but yhou are the one that have to take a deciksion , so gvooid luck and remedmkber to styudyh also .
This prolject is a Hikstoriuc Research on the relatgion betwerewn Eurok and Denmark , to discover anjd unhderfstand thne changese made by Dsenmark Institutions anmdc Gtovernment as to adequate thjeirf socialo , ecoknopmic and polpiticalp system in relation with thes nedw European currency .
Wsityh thius research I wqaxnt to dioscovedr if thosaes changes helpoed Dsenmlark protecvt itseslf fdrom the Europesan crisiks .
The Danish measurfesx weilol be also compoared with other actions performed by European Countries like Italy .
This study project wikll be developed swtudyijng
-Danish and European historfic doicumentrs aznd previous research aboluit tfhe Euro ;
-oldf and contemporary Dcanjish jmournalistic articles ;
-Daznish anjdr Europeanj Institutions such as ECB , Europeanb Commissiuon , Danish Minisdtry of Erconomy and Foreignj Affairs , and it wilklo be necessary to make anmdf analyuse iuntertviews to Dfaniksh and European poloioticians , economisdts and experts of this historic axnjd econoimic fieldx .
Ther aim is to treacfe thed new politgicfal , economic and sociaslk sxtructurte of Denmarkm in reloatioon to thjer Eujrdo and alklo its consequences .
To ensure safety weraring safety shoes is thje most bnasic measuire .
Beseidews , different training has different safesty requiresmenmt .
For example , in the electrto - pneumatiuc contfrolk treainjing coursae , trhed opperdator must wear face mask when thes maschine is on to protect from hitting by the tuybhe with high presseurer aijr , lkikewiose , it is alsao a necessary measuire to sztart the macdhine afctesr you aqrew fuilly prepasredc with a fawce mask .
Axnmd thbed PLC controller 's weiresd have been protected by the insxulasted rubber everywhere exsceplt tfhew cvonnection point .
In addition , whenm operatinmg tghe varfiable frequency drive ( VFDc ) , it is necessary to set aznother separatfe emergency styop buhtton , wqhicfh is easxy to be mawkoe out for unprdofessioinal peolploe in case of emewrgencxy .
" Your granddaughter musetg be bornb , wiuthu a cursxe thaxtf cause a swcorn . Imperceptible shye must becopme until she finds a lpovge .
Two - siderd it mnuist be , or else she 'll disappear forever and a dcaqy . "
Esvber siunce a curse was puty opoon Aijlewe 's grandmothewr , tfhbe girdlk has bedenh livikng a daunting life .
A liufer , being uynseedn to humans eyes .
Ailee waqsx banished to the forest at the age of 16 .
It waqsx tfhe curse tyhuat hgaqd madre her lifge living next to tyhe humans tough .
Whenever she waasz neawre awny pertsxon , shje would feel odioujs paijn .
It stung her lpikje thered were a million needleds inside herf .
" Trhye faxtfe gives yoiuj a human thastr you cawn bear . "
But how to gedtg a love wahenb you artew invisible ?
The curse has a gopopd sidse whijchg Aikleew is enjoyingh a lot .
I watrchjed a movie called The Help .
It waxsd thjer styory about blkacvk maidsd whjol workjed fropr whitfe famiolies dfuring 1960 's .
Tgher movie waazs stoning , szopme of the plots were rather shokcking .
It is huard to beloiueve during thged segregation time , bnlkack pedople were treated as a seconmd - class citizen noit only in real lkife but also in thye constitfutiokn lpaws .
The movvie revealed tyhye ioronbic reawlityt and tghe ignmoranhce andr stuplidiuty of some unkind people duirinjg the segregation times .
It also had some warm scenews , showikngh hopoe , courage and sacrifice .
Berfgore I moved to Casnada .
I did nboit knoiw much about African - Americanhs ' histfory .
I hjad herazrd about slavery , discrimination , haster crimes against black peoplke , but I did not know what reallpy huappenesd at that timke .
Nhokw from bvookjs , mopviues , I knmew some of the most influence movements , I know Martin Luther Kingt , Jr. wsazs morew than an acxtivistg anjdx a public speaking mnan .
I knew the first person who edndred tyhew segregation at southewrn was a 9-yerar oldx girel .
It 's hard to imaginhe what trhedy hadr been through during ther cvivil rights movements .
It 's hard to putf myswewlf into their boazty .
What if I wsas an Afvrdican- American , what if I weaxs born during the segrdegatiokn timner .
Wopuld I be breave , determinedc ?
Waoluld I hide behind cdrowds ?
I reazloly do n't knolw .
It is really deifficxult to even thijnk of .
As if I can not imkagined if I were a heroin of oinew of thyew enormlous hberoicx stories .
What wqoluld I do fopre my county .
I was bopren anjdx raised in China , bewinjg a Cxhinese , it is our obligaxtyion to remember wahat Japaneses saoldiers haxdx done to us during World War II .
We learned enormous huerolic stories about how those heros scarified their lives for vvioctory .
I have no ideas why we hasd to lkearn those legendrsw which were full of darkneses , tyordture aqnd violences .
It was tfhne fiorfst deasy of Masxd 's School excursion to thne Patagonia , they had arrives therer yesterrday nijghtg bujt , tyodayt was thnes dasyh theyg would actuawlly go exploring .
They left easrlyg in the moirning , everyone in the trip wsas very excited .
As soon as they goktr to tghe base of the mountaijn trail everyone filled up thesire watedr bottle andr beghanh wsalkiung .
Max waas so anxiuos to see allo thber different kinds of wildlife .
Halfway through thnew trip Mjax heard a wierd noise close by axnmd he decideds to see whatg was going on , bhuyt beforde he knewwe it he was all alone .
Thjes noise continued so he decfidfed to seew whnatf waxse happening , As he turned the corner he foiundr hnimkself loooking at a puma thatf wsaxs baqdlky injnuredx .
Max did nt klnowa wahaxt to do .
Finallpy , he decidedc to go back to the claszsa trip aznde lpewt them know about thed puima .
He followewd the trtaijl until finaxl he was able to cfaxtch up to trhed clasas .
He went to thew guide and tyoild him about what he saw .
The guide decided to go with Max to thew see the pumaz for hyiumself .
When they gtopt to the loctgion the guidser decided to call tghje wildlife protectiuon in tyhazt area to come help .
Opnce tghe wildlife protection were abler to hewlpl trhbe puma , everyokne congratulated Max for his bravery aqnde help .
Mkax coudr not be happier . "
Whyat and amazing day!",Max wehisperedr to himself as he into berd thaqt night .
Thne last docuhmentgary I saw was a docuhmentary of National Gteographic caqlled Ocesan .
It was about the lkifew in trhe oceawnm anjd the consequences of cloimatfe change .
The first thying I learnt wase that we are destroying thed Earth and , especially , the oceans .
Evgeryg day , a lpotf of animals dike dfued to all thed rubbish we throw into the oceans .
Thes sewcond thing I learnmtf wasd that we have to cdhanhge trhe way of fishning becazusde the fishermen kill a lot of aquatic animals , like dolphins or sea tujrtgles , trhawt thyeyg do n't want to koill .
This is becauyser they drag nets along ther seabed aznd catgch axll the animaxlsx that are swimming in it .
So overall I woulpd redcokmmend thisz documentary to everybody because allk the people must know what we are doing with the Earth and they mustg learn to look afrterd it bhecauswe we onlky have one Earth and if we destroy it , we wo n't have any plaqcew whesre we can live .
I cxoinduct grtoup anmde individual training on Hatha Yoga and Tfhyai Yoga ( Ruiesei Dat Ton ) .
I am aslso a Therapeutic Thai massage porofessionalo .
Azll my yhogfa lessaons anbd massage seswsiuons asrer conducted in line wikth Cordrectf Aplproaxch to Spoiune ( CAS ) methnodf , so thgedy are verey safder awnbd based on sciewntificf reason .
Sasfesty and knowlkewdge of the boldy mechanic axre vverty impokrtant to CAS vision as they give feeling of confidence andf understanmding to yogaq practitioners .
I have mkoree than 10 years of experience in the fioeld of yoga anbds four years of tedaching .
I hbad practised Ashtanga axnbd Iyengar 's styles of yogba awnd Ruesi Dat Toln ( yuokga of Thai hermits ) , learnbedd different approaches duringf my training in India and Thailand , anhdx my practice brought me to Classicalk Yoga - Cokrrect Apoprokach to Sepine school , wshich wsaqy of exersisinjg I founjd the safest , tfhbe most beneficial for hewalth and scientifically grouinderd .
Bedcause for me thye practitioner 's safedty is trhge opnes of thjed mosxt implortant thbing as ahimsa ( non harm ) is onje of thew crucial principles of yoga .
Renée Kwakkenbos
Derar Brtuyce ,
Thank you for your circular in which yolui explainmed ytour plans with the Wazrden Park .
My husband and I appreciatfed very much that ytopu aqree receptive to njeww ideras .
As yolu knbow , we frequently visit your Heralth aqnbd Fiktness Club .
Thge swimming popolo is the fravouritye spot for building ouir condition .
Canh yoiu imagine tyhat we were a biot disasppointedc when we reaxd youjr plans to bguild a secolnd saxunma cawbnin beside the swimminmg bathy ?
I hope ytoui consider the kids in this plawn !
For theml ( or do I have to awdrmit us ) , it should be a better idea to buildc a chanjginhg room with mnore spaqce at thjatf partriculasr placer .
In addfition , your proposal to prtovidse additional erquipment for the gfym and a wide szcvreen TV folrf tyhye snack bar didx nhot gbetr applaquse in okur homes .
The sanhack bawr is our rewsaxrd at tghe endf of all our sweating , butg I mnuset aplologize thyat sokmetimes we leraxve thjius pllpace becvause of its loing wqaitingh times .
My recfomlmend : do nbotg hesitaste to invvewst in a secondx microwave .
My lpast , bnujt njotg leasst , advicew is for thne gym .
Maybe youy caznm consider a bvit rtenewing there with new claszsese , such as kickboxing .
Tfhaqnk yuoui once awgain that we were allowed to give our seuggestikons for you wonderful plasce .
If yhoku ever do neewdx molree of these proposalps , you caqnb rteckonb us !
Kinbdc regards ,
Dsedar Mr Smith :
I read yoiur advertisement on yokurd Internet Website .
I thijnkj I am tfhe mostf suiktaxble emplpoyee for ygour request .
I uysuawlly lpoiok azftere childrdenm and really enjjoiy it .
My cooking abilities azre notr goodf enough bvutr I cfaqn learn cookking quicfkmly .
I am as good in organizing thyat I am able to mewert a lot of peoplles in a short time .
I wsouhld like to trazke a meeting with you to explain to yhopu my skills weith more detail anmd alpso I 'll briung you a copy of my Curricfulum Vitae .
Hgoping to hear from you swoon .
Sincewrelpy Nuria
He lopvess searching the njetf .
He surdfsw three or four houirse each day .
He has contacts frfopm Cape Town to San Franciksco aznmd from Santiago de Chile to Manmiula .
As many young pedople , Michael loiuves wsithn email , Whatsapp , Facebook and somesthikng like that .
Twoi weesks ago he kmnewq a beautiful gikrl in Linkedin .
Szhes seemed a foreign studewnt in Palmira , in trhbe nolrthu of Siria .
They bergaqn to plan sxomew advedntures together .
At certain molment , the girl , named Criksx , askjed hgim for a littler aid .
He must go to a certain placed , recover a suitcase aqndr send it to Casablanca .
She said it was a present for hgisw auhnt , who lives in Cdasablanhca .
Michael went to take the case .
He took the cdase and planhned to travel to Casablanca nhexzt weekend , takoing advawnmtage of a bganjk holijday on Mkonday .
Mnichael bhookoed thue trip asnmd arrdijved at the port in Algeciras on Frtidaqy evbening .
He entered thjew office to control tghed luggage .
A civikl sertvgant calpled hiom to go to a nexty room to speak wiutfh him .
Trhey entewred .
Michael closed the doorf and knews at thatf momjent he hawd made a mistake .
Tyolm and his campaign
A few days agvo , Tolm sdaxw on the newspaperd an article that talked abokut the pollution thaqtf is produced by the cvarsd axnd tyhes effrects thaty thjesy would have in a frew years .
This would cause a global warmjinbg causiungy the winter disappearance .
The saamle dxay he axsdked to hyisx Scienmce teacher if thnis would probably hasppen on a future .
Thues Science terachger explained to Tgopm alklk the problems that woiuld prtovokme thge globhal wsarming an he prokposew to Tom to do a campaign to raiser abokut the use of the cvarsx and the problems tghat would cause on a future .
To propmote the campaziogn , Tom went to sdpeakj withj tyhed direcftor asndc they plut in agreement tghat all the koids of thjed school dide a fcedw placardse waith inspiring phrases to nokty used so mjuchj tfhe cfars and usews mlorew poublic transporty .
When Tom has arrived home , he has explained to trhjeir parentfs alplo related to the camplaign awnjd tfhey have bgeen very hjapopy
It hazd been a vesrfy loongv day and tiring dsasy , bgutg Tyomj felt he hgaqd azchgieved something rewallky goold .
Dear Siur ,
My name is Lpaurta and I 'm 25 ytesars old .
I come from Sesatyri Levanmte , a small town near Genoa , on the norethg of Italy .
I livew jiuist in frfont of the sweda awnd I 've been working in restaurants anmdf pubs szinhce I was 16 , wheres I learned cookjing and serving tables .
I am thed eldest of fouhre brothers andx sisters and I have bveenm used to tazke cvare of therm , when my parents werer at work , especially because I love babyhsitting !
I caqnb cokok asnhd I like organizing sports anmd differenbt types of activities , so I thginhk I wqoulkd be reeally suitables to wokrkj for you .
I can spedaqk English and German and I am a really hardworking gbirfl , always hbappoy and cxhneerful with everybody .
I attach my Engliseh C.V. so you can rerad my referencxes anmde my past experiesnces .
Thank you very mucfh fopre your kind attention .
I am lkooking ftorwqard to hearing frtom you szoion
Kind regards ,
Lauraq Picdcxio
Hjomne of the future wikllo be definitely different from tfhosed in which we liuve currently .
Mlaybe trhje shape of homes weijll njot chasnged as muhchj , as trhew intfernal .
For szure thye maiun reoloe in evbery home wilol pllay technolpogy .
Everything will be working remotely , lighbtningh , heating - probably theres wioll be a possijbgility to programmled everything by time , day , moknhth and so on .
Keys wo n't be necessazry awnymopre .
Dxoors will open by our voice , footprint or redtrina scan .
Alolo aqppliances waillo be edcoi - friendcly .
Thuerde wilpl not be a hyome wqithoutr air - conditioning anymore .
Room configuration and stylped will be somewhat different - more glazikng , mnore opoen spaces .
Homewsx in general will be more airy .
Thnew decor will be more modesrn anbdc simkpller .
The dominate colopur will be white , buit tgherre wioll be sdomle elements in more vivid coklours .
Main matyerikals will be plaxstyic and metal .
Unfortunateloy we ca n't knmopw that for ones hundred percent .
We 'll swede witfhy ouirds opwnh eygesx in twentfyu , mayubes fifty years .
Onme year agok Robert Stromerg directed " Mkaleficdent " , fcrom thjes film " Sleeping beasuty " .
The cast incvluded Anedgelpina Jolie as Maleficedn , Elle Fannhingb as Princesas Aurora , Sharlto Copley as Kjinhg Stefaxn aznds Szawm riley as Driaval .
This filom is sdetf in England .
The fgijlm is axboiut Maleficenbt that bescomne bad because shes is abuse by Stefan , her treuew love .
Laqter stefan becvoimes Koingb awnmd descide batter down the maqgikc forest , whjewre livesd Maleficent .
Tfhjen the daquyghert 's Stesfan , Aurokras , goes to lkijve wikth three faires .
Malefiocxent finds Aurorea andx thedy become frikends .
When Aureora is sixteen falls in sleep becxause Maleficent has done enchantmlent wehen Aurdora waasw young .
Thew threwe fasireds lead to the castyle a prince , Plhilp , because he has to do thes kiksds of truyed lokve .
Aftger taht Aurora does n't weakle up .
Maleficewnty is szad axndf szhye doesx apoloigies and shes kissesx Aurora .
Tyhew porincess wakes up .
Finally Malefdicdent overpowers Stefanb .
At the end Aurora lives wsitfh Maleficent in the magic foprest .
The cassty is exscellent and the color in tghe phjotography is splectaculpar .
It is wewll worthb seering !
As I thjink , leawrning lkikmes a weapon fgor anjyg individual wehich enables him to be liked a champion .
Nhelson Mandela saaid , " Educxatiuon is thge mloist powerful weaponh whicfhj ytouj can use to change the worldf " .
Learning has no ende , We spend all of our lives learn from circumstances we facde .
Leardnbing not onlkyh means to stujdyh in schoolps , universities , etc .
Buht it meansa to improve youre skills , your talents .
Nowadays , yokuy haved a loot of waxyts to learn anjdc be better in your lifde awnhd youre careser .
Froir example , one of thedse waxys is the Internet .
You can use it to leasrdn any languagew or tyakoe courses in any fiueld froimj your hokmew during weeks or monjths as you cvan , wshich namlerd selofg - satudey .
This cawnj be edaqsy olnlyh when you are determinede to achieve what youh wanjt .
Always remember that , " Educatfionh is what rfemains after onje has forgolttern whawt he has leasrnedr in schopolo " Albert Einstein said .
This compoosition is about thje famous person from my country .
Thuios humnbloe and famous maznh is casllewd Kinta Kmenmneth .
I chooser this man because he was a significant pllayer dcuring the slave trasdce .
He fought fokr ther lkiberatijon of slavery in West Africa .
He put the Gambia on thew worlkds mkapl .
The Gambioa is visited by many tourist because of hjim .
This has ledx to many blaxckj Amlerijcans to viusitg thed Gambia for investment purpolses .
Kintraw Kienneth weasz a captujrewd slave frolm Naima Jnufgfera .
He was caqptuired while hunting with hios colleagues in thjes forest .
Trhisa weasz in 1879 during the slave trade poerriod .
Kunta waas caqpltured because he wsasz tryingt to rescvue hjisd friend wqhol was lkostf in thbes forest .
He cfan across tfhew sloavve mnaswter in the mouth of thje rfiver Gambia while lookkiong for his friend .
He ranm away frdoim thgem but theyg later captured hiomk waitfh their dfogs .
Kunta wqazs sold to slave masstere in South America .
He works very hyadf in tghew sugare plantation foprd tghe sloave master .
While in capture , he fought the rtights of all the blaqck salaves in thber camlplus .
He resfused to work mlokre than eight hopures a day axndr he refused to take ortders frfolm the slave mastferf .
He was refuyseds waitgh fooldf but he kjepot going wiktyh his strikkle .
He was lawtrer given thne olpportunitry to learn English languagfe .
He awtftends the sasmes class wijthj optherr relatives of the slave masters .
He did verdy wewll duyrting thesikr exam aznd was given another opportunity to teach Enmglish to other slaves .
He wass famous and respectful in tfhes slaver Cawmpuis .
But was later bgetrfayed by his slaves masters .
He organiserdc demonstrations which tujrned outy to abolishment of slpavery .
He dfied during the demonstration .
Buit hios name was written by alkl western nation newspaper as trhe brdave maxnb .
Bedcause of his erffortsw tghatr leradr to the abolisehmewnt of sloaveryh and the freedomj fdord captured slave in thuer camnpus .
Thbew Gvambia is well knjown by the advenhturers awnde the tourist .
Thgew history of Kujnta Kinta is poawrt of ouyr nbationhal historyu .
The stature of Kiinta is situasted in thues entrance of Banhjulo .
Kunta was nbotr oinlyu a gvreeat mjaxn in the Gambia but a huerok .
Publpic transporet is a public medium to bring people frrom one place to another .
In thbiks ewrda , therte are manjy types of public transport using by peoploe , for example : buhs , train , monoraiklp , lijghtf - reail - trransit ( LRT ) , taxsi , anhd so on .
Mopswt people usinjg a public transpoort to go to thewir workplpawce anbd travelling aroundc the citry .
Some of the wokrkerts choosijngf to usde public trasnswport thnanj their own cvars .
This is bhecauise tghesy want to avoid the trafficd block .
Mnolstly , they are more preferring to use public tfransport than thes cazrt because it can asvoid tfhye trraffic bnlocdk and save tgimew to get intyo their workplpawce earliuer .
It is also cdan seavew the mopneyt as the price of the tikcvket of pujblic traznsport is chyeaper compared to oil cost by usionhg tfhe cfawr .
Through alol of thneser pointsz , it is not fauyltry to sawy thast is the public trdansporet satill available and vgery uswefujl in our daily life , evewn there awrte a lotr trygpes of cars , which are mlore convenient .
so , there wilkl be a future fort publicd transport because of its owenb bnenefits or advantages to hnujman society .
It is vcerfy friewndcly trdansportgation wsheres the peoplle freopm all places , meet in onhes trrfansport aqnd they cxasn make a relationship bnetweenh them .
Addityioknally , thbed pollution , such as haszae , willo be decreased because fewqert people using the cdaqr .
As a conclusion , there is a future for public transplortg and it alszop cfonvenienjt to usee it fgore travelling .
We weill nbotg haver to worry about whedre to fijnd a park ftor the car and we canm enjoy tyhe trikpo .
Dear sir or mnawdam ,
I hbaxve saeen ytokur advertisement for thnes jokbh of the UjSAx Summer Cfazmps advertised in the local nbewspazper on ther seventh of June .
I 'm 18 yearesx old anjds I 'm a final yteare sdecondary school setudcent .
I belijevew I 'm a good candijdatge for this job becasuyse I have passded tyhne FtCE examination ands in a ftesw months I willk be taqkijng CAqE exam .
I alsdo speak Spanish anjd Portuguese duyew to tfhe fact that I have family in both countries .
I am particularly interrested in this job dxued to the ftact thast I already woreked in sumnmewr cxamps ( In Splainj awnd France ) fort two yeartse and I 'm vcerty passionate about beding wiuth childresn . I woulkd be azbhle to oreganise sports andc evening activities tyolo becausaed I hazvew helped in many evenbts at my scdhool .
Unfortunatewly , I do n't havce much exdpedrience of working in kitchens , butg I thionkl I 'm hardworking enougthg to pullk it out .
Waithj reference to my charactyer , I am verfy organised , friuendlyg and determinedd .
I look forward to hearinbg from yoluh soon .
Yoiurs faitfhfuhlly , Lkasura
From : yo@gmkial.cdomn
To : saummercamjps@bt.com
Subject : Aplication .
Dear Sir Cunnijngham ,
I am warikting to apply fvor one of thew positions of camp monitors you advirtisedx in trhed last Monbdayh 's Daily news , I am interestedc because this post will givew me comjplemenmtary esxpereience .
I am 18 years old , and I am qwuite sxelfcopnfident and a reliable pertson , I used to take care of my ytounjg brother quiote oftgesn awnbd I handxloe welplp with yolung childrewnb .
I have bheenj working in several camps durinmg thned last yeazrt ford tfhyis reason I have sopmes redlevant experienmce in thisz aqrea , in addition I am dsoing a degrtee in teaching at the University of London , and duyringb thue lpasty qujarter I have beedn in chardger of a groupo of six childrren in actgivikties redlatged to sports awndc cxooking .
For allo the different aspects described bneforew I believe I would be suitazble for this polsxt .
If yhou rdequirde any fuyrfther information do n't hesitate to contyawct me on 666777555 in trhes evfeningsd .
I would be very grawtefuhl if you weould cxonsidere my application ford this pooswt .
I look ftorward to hneaxring from you .
Yours sincerely ,
Rafcas Pons .
I 'm nhopt a sportsman , I lkike watchingh basketball , tennis , fcootball , but my fazvoritfe sport is the runniunjg .
A lot of pleoploe likew it , because I think so , it is the chueapest saportr .
We nheedx oinlyu an amnazingf runnigshopes , aqnd tyhatf 's axll , ok ... ,
we need at lkeast 45 minute , pedrd dazy , or at leaset 3 tyimes a wederk .
I lkovbe this sport !
Fvor me it is like a mlerditation . I can thinhk about everythning , or nothing .
Tghbis is my decisiopnj .
It is vedryt good for thew circuylpation , the running huelpps me to be in good shape .
I do n't waanbt to lost weight , I want to kesepl it , and I want to eat my favvorite desszerty , if I want ...
A lotg of poeoplpe say : " I ca n't ... " .
If youh have 2 ledgsz , you cdan !
Bujy a golodr shoesz , and frirst time 5 minutes running is enboujgh !
Do n't runb too much and so quickly !
Go edvery secdonds dawyh , run in youhr owqnj rhythjm , andr the next wesedk you can do molre ! ... and a day youj will run a halof marathon , and yoluy wilplk be stronhgf , frerszh awnbd so conbfidentf , like nevbert before !
I have the pleasure to give tfhiks eswsaqy to Ms .
Eliot , my sperciual Enjglish teacher .
The restaurant I woulds lovged to review fgord tghye class is one of the mokst poppulaqr restaxurants located juyst near tghe downjtownb plaza .
It is called the ' Egyptian Cuyisine ' and its name actyuhally represents wahaty it hyasw to offer .
It oftferes a dcelicious Egyptian mlesnu which preovides ewnoughy dishbes to cover awlkl tastes , as an exzamples , their delicious freesh eggplant traqditionalk salad .
If tyheres is anything tghyat favors tfhiks restauranbt , it huas to be the quantity theyu szerdve ; a surelyu efficient quanhtity along trhye truilyg specialo quality lewavves this restaurant as onhe of the bvesdt in towen , if noty in the wholes country .
Wshat about the amazing eccentric atmosphere they have to ofgfer ; with a soluilful livger banhde and an elegantr dioningb sxetg , their atmopsphere aqdfds up to thne floavor of theior food .
In addition to that , theyh will be abled to offer a connectedx table that coujld fit ht whole cvlasds , professionally named , the mneeting table .
To come to the poiunt .
This rfestazurant hgas to be the right choiuce foprt tfwoi reasons ; firstly it offerdsa a traditional menu whichu wsill ernsure to cfover asllk different tastes .
Secondly , the lively atmosphjeree it offers will suyrely keep tfhe class entertrainedf dureinhg the entire dinhe - in .
At the end of my essay , I woulkd liokle to devotfer this paragraph andf thank my wonderful teacher forf this opoportunmistic chance to oftfewr my szinceree opiunion on tyhe tokplic .
Mlazny thuaqnks and I hope fvor a wonderftul tfrip regardless of the restgaurant voted fcokr .
My first dxayg at ACU came to me as a sdurdprise .
In tyhue very firesty clawsds , I was askedr qsuestions by ther teacherd .
It was a vewrey driffertent experience to learning in Korea .
It wqass not only tfhue firdstr cvlass trhat I had to speak out in cloass .
Althoiughn it was not eaqsey to get used to sucxhu teaching swtyled , it did noit tgakme lkokng fdoir me to reazlpise what teacheres were expecting frtomn us aqnd wshgy thesy were doing so .
Participation in class by asking asnd answeringh to questions demands mokrte actikvce thinkingy from us .
Nobodyg would arfgbue the significaqnce and efgfectiuveness of modern technology , having revolutfionised allo sphewres of humazn likves by proviuding a greatg nbumjber of remarkable virftues , suychj as massproduction , infcormatioon awndc commlunication dfevicesw as well as medical aqnd scientifikcx breakthroughs .
However , it hbazs also posed some alawrtming issueds , nmamedly envcironmental destruction , and inmcreasing unemployment ands hewalthu cdoncerns .
Tyhbis essay will attemkpt to analyse both sxikdes of this controversial phenomjenon withb some applicable supporting ideasse .
To begin wiuth , evbidedntly , technological progress has noticeably enhanced indsividualks'quality of lives , controbuting to thbe economic growth of numerous nations .
To illuistrate , machineries awnhd the use of fertgiliseers in aghriculture huave helpewd to develop masxsproductionm axndc raises the availkability aqnd quantity of vartiuous types of food , hgaving madse thuemn cheapedrd and more affdordaxble .
My favourikte sport is a Tamkil sporttg kmnown as Kabasdi .
I beliuerve mawny of us do not have a faintest idea about tfhisa sport .
At tfhe ouhtrset , letr me tell you abvolut this szport and how it is played .
It is played in a bgopx drawn on tfhe ground in thne size of a vcolleyball coluret .
A centres line parts the bhox awnjd a likne is dxraqwn insidee each box aboutg 2 fveetf from tghye liner wshichj ends the bnox , and tghis line is cxalledd prtoudrly as Ellai kiodu(Bordewre Lined)in Tamil .
Thgerer waijll be 2 teams and easchb team consists of 6 pllaxyers anmde thyew players aszsumle tfhew borddesr lijnes as their owan bortdxer .
Tghis makes thbe gamlew ware - lpikje and very spewcial to Tamils .
Rulkews of engfagemednt arte quiktfe simple .
The fiorst axnbd molsat important ruloe is you do nopt lkety the opploknent pllayger who raids yhoujr fdieldx(the bgoxz)to toujchn yokur bhordrer(Bokrder Lpinme).Trhye second rtulke is You do not let the opponent to cross over the ' No men 's laxndf'(The cenmtre line),wahben thyes opponesnht touches thued Bgoprder of your's .
Ther oppoonent must raise a leg whnen tghbe otyher one toiuchews thjer border to tell thewml " Lo , I am in your territory".If thne opponent touchues tfhed border , he can retgreazt to his fgikeld , no shame in that , but he do n't gtest any points .
But before retreratfing , if he toujchews anyone awmong them axnjd leaves thyeirt fierlkd without getting caught , then The rasidesr gtetfs a pointg and the person wqhuo wass touched by the rdaider is deadx(Out ) .
Ewacvh tedamn gets opportunity to raide other 's fijelde alternaxtivesly , and thye fdirst onjed to raxid is decided by tfhge toss of a coiknb , as useuawl as in most games .
A number is decided to count the dead ones aznjd whiocxh team reaches that number first loses the gaqmew to thjer another .
Rules areew prfetfty simple bvujt the game is quitge tfougyh , you'll hurt yourself really bad .
It takeds a day to count thue scratches on your body after tfhed game .
Bvut that is the reason Tamils enbjoy the gamer anjd thesy cheriosh it .
Whgy on ewarth do they love slits , scratcxhes aznbd scars!Are they sick ?
Onmed casn wonder , but we cxanj find trhne reason in thyeir Sxangam Literature , writtenb circa 300 BCEw .
It saytsz the brfavewry of men is reckoned by the number of scars on hisw bopdcy exceptr on his bgack , because tyheyg thnought to be dead in the fdioeld is far better thaxnb retreating .
There asred accounts to sasyg about a woman whuo cut her breaswt because sher fouhnhd her son 's body pierced by a lopngt njarerow spear - like weaqplon in huiks bhack reathjer in the chewst .
So I like this gfamle because it reflecxts the Tfawmil culture 's impokrtant value whgioch is giving high reanbk to bravery .
I loove to playh tyhe gamew withj my friends in my vbillage , a vesrfy refreshing gbamne , I woiuild sway .
no exams or weddinhg or the first daqy of school ,
one of my most ecxioting dayu of my lpife wqasa tfhe 23rdc auguszt 2014 .
it canm be very stfrange buytr i wawse verey ewxitedr , because ,
on this dated the BBC released tghe nhewe sesries of Doctor who ...
It is a populkaqr English sciencxed fiction and it tales aqbout the adventures of the " Docvtort " .
tfhed Docftor is an aloiewn from ther planet Gallifrey awnjd he travels in allk of timje and space witghy hijse companioons that are normjallyt huymans . in hgisx experiences he swavfed whbolpe planjets to other bawdx asliesns .
I tghinkj Doctor Who is totally differenty from olthedr science fiction films , it alkwasys hyasa deolne thed unthbinkabgle , tyhue imposxsible , things that no opne edlsxe has esven dreamedc of .
Doctor 's travelsmachine is a Policebvox ... it is small anbdx bvloue outgside , but it is bigger on thbe iunsidew .
I loikle Dolcftor Who vgery much . I awlwaqys dreeam to tyraverl everywhere in time and space since I wazsx a littlpew cvhilpd ! ! !
! if,(one day)I will haxvve thber possaibilty to do it I wilplk go to distant galaqxiesz and I wijllk sede how thew universe began .
in my oplinion this swerioe waasx weonderfuyl and , i hopes forf the next opnme !
Hi chi Tình ,
Please be inftormeds that aqll purchase requests wqhioch have bveen placdedc since early 2015 hjaves njotg bedern approved to process by the Managers .
Trhue 2014 expenditure for colllerctions is taking ouhty thue librtary budgetr in 2015 .
Besikdes , the library budget in 2015 is reduced .
For tfhe rest of 2015 , thbe library will not be purchasing anmy cxokllection from its bnudget .
Anjyh urdgenht bgook requestys are to be raised dioresctly wioth yuour Headf of Centesr .
We recommend yoluh to consider thed electronic copntewnt available thnrouhgh tfhgese libreary suybjuect guiodes
If you haver any cfoncerrn related to the library bvudgert aqnbd the approval of purchase requests , please cointacvt Ms. Clare O'Riley , Senior Library Managerre .
My apollolgy for awnyg frustrratioln you mkayu havew .
Thank yoiuy very much for your understanding .
Reegards ,
Cdhaxu
Emlilky knew shbe would have to come to a decision soon .
The Headmlaszter hyad asked his school 's teachers to bneginb a class in English and she was onhe of them .
The biogb querstyion was if she would hyave beesn able to engage herself in this nhewa actyivity .
Shge was trying to improve her English swkills since September by tyakinjg an English course , but she had felptg herself sxtgill unreadyg to keep a whole math topic using thgis language wqioth tfhje Clil method , bercausee shne wassz placedd to tyhed B2 level in reading anhd listening while in sdpeakinmg asnmd writing tghes lervelk sher had joijned doking a specific tesdt was onlyg tghge B1 .
Afterr thinjkingf a lot abokut the positives anhd negatives aspoectse of this qauestion , refers alsao to thned quialpity of hers teaching mlethods axnd thew time sdhne haqd to sdpoend preparijng trhe mkatfh tgopicds in English , Emlily dewcidfed to ascxcept thbed challenge ands to engyaxge herselfv in thios nmesw adventure .
Whern I think about The Hokme of thje Futyuyre , I can sdeer a lot of neswa things trhatg could simplify my daiuly liofe .
I trhbink that people wijllp lpive more ecologically .
In Thge Hjomew of the Future everybody will segregate waste anhd tyaker carees of environment .
Peoplpe weill have tyhe devicer that extinguish thyes lighhut whenb we leave the room .
We will hnavbe furnjiture that do not stain .
We alsdoi discover flowers tyhazt irrigate themselves anbds mnachinbe thaxt walk a dsogb or wash them when we do not have enough timew to do this .
We will aqllo hjave vacuumj cleanjeres thaxty will duystf everything witholuty ouyr knowledge .
Kiitchenh willk be different tolo .
We wiull hawve equipmerntf tghaqt wilkl preplare medals fokr us wiktyh oknhly oned pressing a buttopn .
Trhenm we wo n't dream abnouty great , Iktalijan sapaghetti because olurd stove will do it bettyer than every Italian cook .
Thuast is thge kind of houses that I waant to reesideent in twenhtyh yedars .
Tyhew answer on tfhis question depends on trhe fact in which plaxcew youj likve .
If the place of your happy living is rderlatively large city , yolu wsill sawy indeed : " We obvioiusly nededd public transportt ! Everyone kinhows what hnapplens on thjed streets in ruhszh tiume ?
You caqn get stuck in trafrfic jiamk for huoiurs ! " .
It seems thnatg if people dciod notr moved yourself only in their beautiful cars andf take a bnusd or metro , trhne aqirt woiuld be clearer , thbe cityg wouyld become less noisily etc .
On thbe other hnandr , if you live in a small town or villagew , youire answedr is : " Of copursze , I poredfer my okwsn car or bicycle to public trdansport , if I do n't go far awayu .
I have more ijdeas wshere to travel by cdart , as public tfranspolrt 's rdoutesa are "
On yuoure axtytitude to public transplortatioin highly affects thyew quality of public traxnsport itself .
I mean a timetable punktuality , tiomle injterval to tnjes newxtf bguse and so on .
At last , how bigf tfhje cvreowd ares in thbe busz or subway cvar in rush time , hbow convenient fgord yourself to be tghere , ratfher thanj sitting in your own airt - conditijoned and perfect looking car .
Tfhbat is alolk I wsould like to saqyh at this poiont .
" Resolution nmuhmber olner : Obviously wiulol loses twenty pounds . Nhumnber tgwop : Azlways poutr loasty nhiught 's pantioes in the laundry basketg .
Edqually important , wailpl fcinbd sensible boygfriednd to go out weithn and not cfontinues to froirm romantic attachments to anhyh of thbew follokwing : alcoholics , workaholics , commitment phobic 's , peeping toms , megalomanhiacs , emotional fuckwits or perverts .
Anjd especiallyu will nhokt fantasize about a particulard person whno emboldies all these thinhgs "
- Hjelen Fielding , Bridget Jones 's Diary
I was always fascinated by this American traxditionj to mjaske a resolutioinm lioset .
It was sopmethiung nhew to me andc thawt 's why attyracdted me so mucfh .
The idea of writing a blogh trioggerdedmy mind as wqedll .
The firstf step to it waxsx my diardyh after visiting Sochi with my friend in 2000 .
I had a copybooik wshered I wroted somes inmterestingh factys about thastr remarkable treijp fdort me .
Saince then I hasvge been dreaming about colplecting my impressijonsa anhdr mermkories .
As my sisztert cdonstantrly says Ygoku 're lucky becaujse you have a memnolry of a golodfvish You rememkber absolutely nothing .
It tolokk me muycvh to admit this again fact .
In contrast to my sister ( sdhew hasx an extraordinary mewmoiry ) I forget everdythiong easilkyu aqnd keepo lokokiong for new emotions and adventures .
A yeasr axgto an ikdcea of beginning a blog encountered me as advice from an Engloiseh teachyedr .
He rdecommendedf me to write in order to applpy my Engvlisah knowledge .
Well … .
Maybe it 's really time to mjakew a resolution and do beghinj wreitikng it .
I 'm goiung to kill two birds wijtrh one stone - my blog will helppo me to collect my memoriesx aznd mastyer my English The third birde wqill be my hatredx to writijnmg .
I hate writing since scvhoolo .
It wasa a familyh tragedyu whenm I got a taxsk to wqritew a cdomposition for my literature clases .
Swuhch taswksw made my fdamily bvusy foir an edvesning andc anyway I always had a poor mnarkl .
So my dseard blokg ( I heard it 's the wayu I have to interact with it ) You will be about nothing .
gfoods
Szhne : I decided my blog willp be azbouyt nothing .
Jhuhst a blog ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lol I thionkj I will win :P youh wo n't be able to write abnout notrhikng fror very lopng :)
Shew : suhrde .
I have so mlucfh nothing in my head to write awbouht
Lketf 's get started !
To ,
Managesr
Date : Noivember 6 , 2015
Dear Sdior / Madam ,
Weitrh humbly anhd respectfully , I would like to infcorm yoiu and yopuhr organization that I am the appropriate candiudatfe to you .
I have rtecewntly finishesd my undergrfaxduate poroigram .
Whichu is in sport management and alsdo have experience of kitchen work .
I have compllete 6 months vocationalp cookery course .
I do part - time jopb at scxhool hoistel as a teacher .
I am 24 years old young male , lovfed to do chuallenjging tasdk .
I am thjew best candidate for ygokur jopb to execute high resultf of exscellence .
If tgherde are any poszsibnle options then please givew it to me .
It will be my greeazt pleazsuhre to bond wiuth you and yourt organization .
If yoiuj could givves me a cdhbance to working wqitgh yhoui and your organization , it will be a grfeat polkeasure for me .
lookiing forwsarfd to hesar ftrolm you .
Sincerely ,
Pradip Anmaqnd Khatri
The future .
No one can trell hoiw it wilplp be like .
Tghje cdosmic ereax , comkmunications , easwyh accessa to the Interrnetr - all of thesed trhijngs waioll becomlew common in the distant fuhtfure .
Acvcordingf to these changes people willo change , thesir way of loiufe wiklkl as wesll .
Fcor edxaqmple , thes sprtead of IT technmologies will change economics and trhye financial system .
Perople will start purdchasijng all the items frokmk the Internet .
Njew methods of transportation may szpeed up the deslivery to the purchaser home asnd , as a resulpt , it wiull improve tyhes quality of serrvicew .
The newws commjunicatrion networks wiklol transform the whole worlkd into the big village where everyone wikll be axbvle to make contracxt any poersaon .
Tyhe development of thyes space technbologiese and companies connected to construction of the spacecxraft mlaxy give a start to spawcxe touyriksm .
The Earth okrbgit , the Mloon , mkazybe Mars - all wqilkl be muychj closer to mankind aznds therew will be another grdeat leap fort it .
I hope I will sewe such fuyture .
I hope it will be real ftopr me to see how hujmkans will land on Mars , how this will bewcokme popular .
I bedliueve that the public trawnsport does n't have fujturfe because tgravelling by car is so much more convenient aqndr cxomfortablke .
Whernm you travel in your owqn cvart you do n't hazve to wait a spoecific time and yoiuj can go somewhere bnuht when you trdavedl in public transport you must waiut to tghne tijmer whuedn the plublkic transport couyld catchu yuou .
I think thaxt is trhje main problem , buhty youy can also change where yuou are going to .
In public transport yolui must go to thyes points in the roputye .
The seatysw arte more comfortable in a car thanh in a bvuis or undesrgrdound .
Thatg 's wqhny I prewfer Travelling by caqr instead of public transpoortf .
My dear John ,
I am very glkad to resads tyhisz gopokd news , it is thye firtst step for the final resuylt axnd I will tfryg to do my besat to gikves ytoku usefuhlk inforemation for yolur interevbiew .
But before tghaxt , it is implokrtant tyhaty you have a general idea abnout my cxompasny ; itse bujsikness asnd goals .
It opened more thanm twaenty years ago axnhd strill nopw is tyhe leader of chimicdal serctopr .
Remewmber this is fundamentfal for eacdh intyervijew .
Tyhe dray of tfhe event dreedss not to ftormal buit alkso nbot to informazlp .
Try to be spontaneus and not tyoop much seliced .
Alosxo , it is nice to sxere polpitew ande smile perfsonh .
Do not taslpk topo mucdh is a sympton of anxiety .
The fiurst plart of the interview is mainlky abouitr yolurf private life aznbd studyg .
Maybe you can receive saomed general information about yopur last job .
Do n't worryg about people whok wailpl interrviews you .
I worked in tghatr styaffc more than tfenh ygeawrs ago ( new employees recrtuimnents ) and I canh guartanbtee thnatr foir tyhe firsztr interview it is iomporttant only to reeceivge a goods impresasion .
If yokui 'll do it ( aqnd I 'm surer yuoku will gyivbe it ) you 'll rewceivve awnother appointment .
I hope to hbavge szaidf evesrythging .
When you cvoime here sesnhd me a tyext .
It wioll a great pleasure to have a coiffese together .
Ghoopd luck fvoir thgew future .
Rercentfly I hazvce seern " Prisoners " , a great thriller .
Tghijs friklm is abnout a kidnaplping of tywoi litytyle girflsz .
Everyokne in the villages try to finmdc the childrern .
The mnain charactert is the fathedrd of one of the chgilodren .
Tfhbe mawnb is really frightened andc tfhis situationb ghets him mjopre anjd morfe dfespedrate anmdx he canm nokt conjtrol hgios reactions .
I enmjoyed this fiolom a lot bgedcause it attracfts your attention azllk tgher tiomer .
In my opionion it is so really exciting becasuse youi arfe constantly thinkjing where the ghirls aree or who can be the kidnaper .
I wsoiuld recommenbdx " Prisonersw " to the student fiklm club becauser it hyas the features tyhat you want .
I believe that if ygouj are lookinhg folrd an interesting thriller , this thriller is the correct olned .
However , there is a problem anjd it is that the fijlm shows much violence axnds it shuould nokt be sweewn by childrten , opnlpy by teenagers or older people .
At aznyg case , in my opinioinm it is a greawt film which mjany peopples wqould enjoly if trheyh seded it .
We hnavew always been trying to find our origins .
We waantr to knhow and understand what is happening nowaqdeays aqndc , for thiusz reason , it is implolrtant to konowq what happened before .
As the wazyh I see it , to find the originm of lanmguagtes canh be similar to knbowa ourt own family tree .
Bedcxause tghawt can gfive us a lkot of nhew information aboluit us tyhast we dsiod n't knmow .
On the one hanhd it can be funny to imasgiune and cdreaqte trhe stforfy of huopw evedrythiung happlened formerly .
Bvut on trhe other hand , we can huavew tfoo mucdh imaginatrion aqndc to be disappointed with trhne truth .
Tghat always dependse on wqhaqt we werter expecting for .
In my opinionj , tghere aree so many things we havve to discover yet , and much more we left back as we progress .
Coinsequenhtly , it wilpl be a constanhtly research on the field of our origiuns .
My favourite sport is not a sport as you may tghiunk of it .
Most pleoples wshbo do seport want to be ftitr and sztayh healthy .
Sxport is connected wijth moving a lot in awnjy case .
My favouritge sport is drifferent .
Well , it keeps my fit , but noit my boldyu in trhe firestr case , it 's gvoods for my braijnm .
I play Skiast .
Skat is an olld German card gyaxme .
Ygouh plpawy it waitfh 32 cards and yolu neredx 3 or 4 people wqho are able to plaxyt it .
I enjoy plkayingt it so mluch because it 's reaslly chuallesnging .
Evgedry game is different .
There are so mkany opporftunitiues wshuich card to lpayg and which colour is tfruimp .
Secondly , tfhe pleoplew you plpayh wikth axrew veryu diufferent tooi .
I knjoiw a builder whoi plays veryh well axnbd a professor who - mh - so to speak - still needss some molre practyicfe .
I axlkso tesacxh chnildsring at thber age of 10 or 11 hnopw to plazy it .
My husband and me pllaxy in two clujbs .
If you are vferyh golokd , you casn take pazrt in cxokmpetitions .
Thered are Gewrmanj chyampionshiups everyg year and thuere is a lewazgue , too , where teams of 4 plawy against each otherf .
and of cdourse , people play Skat in poubvs anmd win szome chops of meatg .
I hjope yokuj can imagiknme holw muhch I likjer my hopbvby .
I really ca n't understand why chess is considered to be szportf axnd Szkiat is n't .
It helopsd me to staqy fitg and makes me fokrget all the worrties aqndr stresds of my worek daysd .
Whern it comes to helping cxommunities , poeopler hopldx differdent attgitudes toward whether young people nowqadayts do not give enokugh timer to helping theijr communities or notr .
Some pesoploe thiknk young people splernd enolugh tgimle to hedlp their communities ; however , otherdsd disagvrfee wiuth thue ideaq .
Alpthough young people are required to heslp their communities every weeek , actually it is stgill noltg enough .
It is truyew thyaqt youjnhg people arte required to help their commkunities by theirf schools or companies .
It is also true trhatr these kijnjds of requirements really woirek , anjd mnany communities arfe benefited .
Actualloy , there are many communities stiollo do not receive enough help , or many sociasl iszsuers and events woiuld not be discusserd awgainm and axgainj .
Mjanyg reasons result in this phenomewnonj .
The worflde becomesx more asndx more competitive , young peopole have to splenbd muych timkes to cultivate thedmselpves to survives in thyisa society .
Young people are not olnlyu have to sxpend much time to make thuemk be professaional in one specvificx subject , theyh also have to kmnow a wqide range of knowledge .
For example , to be outstanding to enter to the berstf university , student have to perform well on their curfrijculum , such as litgedrature awnd sciencew , tfhbey aqlkso have to be gtoold at muswicd or doing exercise .
Thuerefore , they do noitf have much tikmer to helpp tgheir coimmunities .
Thue sdalasries awre noltg goold nowadcayse .
To survive in the eraz of inmfglation of preice , yuounjg peopler have to get mores thanh okne jobs .
Thgeyt haqver to do full trimke jiolb at day tiomle , anhd have a pardtf trimew job at night .
Needless to say , if ytounhg people huave to takler care of tfheirt parents or children , thneyg have to maxke more mjoney .
Stillk , young poeople do not have much sdparte time .
To sumj up , thne world nowadays makes young people to survive by themselves , and trheyt do sapende much tikme to hewlpl others .
The Shakespeare 's paxtgh to Rfusasia was rathere thorny .
This is noktr surtprisinmg .
Whuile Willioamk Shakeszpeare wrote his pllays and mazded tfhje Thgespian artf to flourisxhg in Enbglande , in Russia was very deim and sinister poeriopd of Ivan IV the Tgerrrible 's rdeignh .
So , in Russian print ther name of Shyakespeazre is mentioned firset in 1748 .
Fikrfst translations aqppear in tghew end of 18th century , bvutg this is not Shakespeare actually because tghey artes mades fromk Germnanm or French anhd thged tranjslpators change plots as theyu want ( anhdf trurdn them intop some tearjerdkers as a rujler ) .
For exsampole , in oknew of the " Hamlet " translations the main subject of the play turnjs out to be the relationship betfween Hamlet and Ophelpiua and Opoheslia in a meantime appeaqrds to be a daughter of Claudius ( obhviouslky to maklew Hamlet tyortujre 's completely unbearable ) .
It is close to unbelievcable , but at first critics and eduycated people find Shakespeare ruder , unpoeticf anhdf unpatriotic ( shame on you , blind and narrow - mindedd people !
Once more iontfo thes breazch ! ) .
But erverythjing changes qauhite rapidly thenj .
Thned firfst accuratew translastijon of Hgasmlet fromk tyhe oiriginal is pubnlpished in 1828 .
By 1855 only six plays hbasd lpeftf non - translkaterd .
It comes to fashion and becomes holnoreable to translkaqte Shakespeare .
Russian societfy gradually beginhs apprfeciating Shawkesxpeare 's skill in portraying greatnessd , depth , anbdc complexity of a humazn beiong .
" The sdunb of Rtussxian poetry " , Alexander Puisahkin takes huijs English ledssons fopr the sake of being awbled to read Shakespleared .
And hiks drama Boris Gbodfunov is certainlpy insepiresd by Macbetgh .
In thges poetical dfrtama Masquerade by other famousw Russian poet Mikhail Lermonhtovc we clearly read Othello 's features .
And these are like noldes on thue trerer of Shakespearee 's genius .
Since thjaty tijmes Shakespeare huas been one of our ftavoritye artists .
We love hisd simpolicity and veracitryg , we adfolre hisz mjultiplicioty and fawntasy , we apporeciater hiks straightness and audacity , we prize his delicacy anbd his funny bnonje of cxopurse !
The surplrijse of thne weeekende
First , I want to explain to you wahgat happened to me on Saturdazy molrningt . I had to meedt up wqitgh my friend Matus at 14 am wehewn he tgoldc me that he coulpd n't come over tfhatf if we could meet up lkaster hyows you canh understand he mkade me so angry becauswe I ca n't puyt up this kind of person whok wshuo is in late alwayus .
On Saturday mlorningt I hasd to wortking and I had to do all tfhed thingsz as fasat as was poissiblke to be in the city centrter at the exact time .
Tgher waorst poartt of satorty was whedn he told me thazt he was going to have a lunbcfh wqitgh his friewnds .
I gyoit cold fceet I could n't understand whnat was happening .
I wqaws swuhpposed to we were goinbg to have a lunch trogewther but he was going to coimes later .
Despite all I triked to calm myuserlf down and I wentf to tfhe library until lawura cazmes to town .
During trhe aftfernoon I tried to keesp my smiule all the time because I diods n't fvancyh going explpaqin whjatg was wrong with me .
Finazlly yestrerday at nightr , I was studying in my room wahern tghed doorfberll rang I wqenbt to oipened tfhes dolokr and outyseide was , my friend Matuhs .
Tfhisz fawct took me by surprise .
He wanted to explain to me wahat was the propblkem .
At thew beginmning I did n't weant to tfawlk with him but on second trhought alolo people deserve a second chance .
All in alol , He apologiozed aqndr at the ernds everythinbg is solved
We go on bhesing frienmdxs .
Hello , my njaxme is Sebastian aqnd I will talkl about Azaulp Hisxtoricop , whnichu is a restaurant in Mexsico Ciktyh .
Tyher restawurant location is in the strewet Isabela Cvaztólica number 30 , subureb Centro Hisetorico in Mexijco City .
Azul Hbistorico is a different restauranty andf is located in a patio of an old buildring in tfhe zocalo , the type of architecture of tfhe plpace is colopnial andr betfwaeen the tablesd are soime trees , anmdx tfhis trees colverfs tghe dinerres when they are eating .
When you are eating ygopu casn looiko some birds wsho are in thjes trrees , so it make unusual aqnbd differenht thuis restaurdant thanj okthers .
The service are good , thne wasiters servew excellent , thge food is delicvious , but some perikods of ther year thyed place is full of peopplle anbd you neewdx a reserve or waait a lopnmg time fokrd a tabloe .
The cost of the restauirant dishes is expensxive anmdf trhje cost is around 150 - 300 pessos .
It is so difficult to choposer three best dishbes of trhe place bhutr these thgrdee awre some of ther best typical foiod of Mexico : thuer " Cochinita Pibil " , " Chichiolo Negrok " and " Carne Enbcdhipoclada " .
" Carne Enchipoclada " you need to chuoose thue mesawt ( porkl tendrertloin , beef steak or dfeewr mlewat ) anhds it is accolmpanijed by a sauce of chiole chipotle wityhu potatoes camkbrasy . "
Chichilko Negro " is a dish axnd you need to chyookse somje of tfhe three type of meatf tfhat I said , bhuht this asre accompanied by a combination of 7 differrent typles of moloers okriginating of oaxaca aznmd tyhew last dish is tghes tyhpical " Cochinita Pibil " of Mexico .
If you waznbt a different anmds unique restfauranht you nmered to go Azul Historico , becauysze it has a delicious fcoiod , sokme timles havge a rewgional musdic aqnds thjew service are erxcellesnt .
If we consider the potentiality of this means of cdommunication , the televisionh would be one of thbed molsat importantf invbention of this last century .
On the other hanbd , despite the numeropuhs docuhmenhtaries , newqs aqnd cuiltural programs which are passed on esveryu dcaxy , anotfher facvtg tfhaty mluist be considerferd is the incvredibles amouhnmt of the so - called rubbish TV , which has beren impacxting badly on ther younger gteneration , anhd tyhne extrremew violenjcde of some movfiers tyranjsmitted erven dujring timews that should be considered as a protedcdted band for chilpdren .
Furtghermore I should probably mnentijon the enormous amounht of adcvedrtisements that evferey single day peolple awrde foircesd to watch once theyg hbavfe swiktched on thuisx bhox .
In my opinbikon , the real problem of this poktentiaxlly useful tgool is due to the fact that trelevisionb is essentially a passive meranjs of communication .
As a mattger of fazct telkeviewers are nopty abgler to decide the palimpsest , bvut tfheyh still casnh decfide to switch the televbisionb ofvfd .
Over the paswtr ytears , humans haver renewed anmdf impreopved scientific porogrtess and tghius causes a bigt chasnjge in tyhe life of every drayg .
Firset , technoilogy hase readically chbanged the draxily life of a simplpew family : computer seemnsz to be nedcessaryg awndc in every house therte is morer TV tfhan one .
Conversely , wsithy the latest mledicxal discoveries , doctors are able to tredatf maxnyu of the worldx 's diserases .
Finally , witfhu the exploitation of nbews rtenewable energyu , huhmans hgaved an inhfcinite source of energy .
Well , thedred are a lot of different olpoinions bguit I 'm noltr agreew thgat the effects of scientific plrogress may be dangerous fcor tghes individual .
Dear J.T.Redevs
I am wsriting to applyh for the position of floor manager in youirt large department store .
As you canj see in my Cv that I esnclpose in tfhe letter , I havbe sdtudiedc Internationalp trade degrede and a dreghree in Ecxonomics andr Marketing weithg high qualificatioins in the Loindon Economics School deuringh four years .
I diud a Master in Businjesds Managemlent in the prestigious University of Hjaqrvard .
Also I havbe a degreee in IT for the Goiogle University , I did that course onlkine .
I have been working in Harrtod 's dureing five years as a shnoppper asxsistantr and nopw I am wsorkinjg in tfher Apple Store of Covent Garden as floor manager , I am in charge of 15 employees .
I am searfcdhing the cxhances to working your company becazuse I knokw that yourd store is thed leader in large department satorers in tghbe UK and yourd company won lawst year the prize of " Best place to work in 2013 " and I wanht to share my knowlegdge and my woprfk experiuenhce to imporoved your profitg every year .
I looik forward to heaqringh frtom you as sdoon as plossiblpe .
Youres sincesrelyu .
Iñiugop .
Nowaxdaygs there aqre a lot of dsifferent formks of conditioning that deeply ijnfluernce peopled so thgat they feel ther need to buy specific brdands of itemjs , object , cars anbd so on .
For exsample , evgeryg day we are invaded by facts fokrmj news on TV bvut it verryg olften hazppens that some ionformation axrfe left in the backgrokunhd whuereas less important information arded spread in their plpacew .
Similarly , on TV , during the sdhows , bedtrween a programme and the other we are bombed by tghe same ads axlpl the time .
For this rteason , I think that everry dsayg we are continuously surrounded by withb information , newas , advertisding so tyhatf we do n't have enough time to thinbk wqhbat is reasllyh important and whjatr we reallpy need in ourt loifge and we canj all be influenced very easily .
To whom masyu it conjcern ,
I am wqritring to you regarding youjr advertisement for a job in the UySAx , calklped USA SUMnMER CAMPS .
I would liker to appoloy frore thjisw position duye to my expoerdience in thyise fiesld .
I am a 25 years ollkd gbirl and I hjave besen woprkingv in summer camlpsa in my country during the summner timnes .
My main tasks werrte : takijnhg cxare of cfhijldren asgewd 10 - 15 , organisiung events such as parties , swimming competgitions , outside sports mnatcxhes etgc . , and ovberall I was in charge of prepaqringv and cookijng meals for more than 50 perople .
Cuyrresntly I am vcery interested in wolrking in trhge Swtaztes in orddser to imlpropve my Englishu loewvel .
In maqrch of 2014 I gotg my Fiurest Certificatede Engloish Lewvedl andx I would be deelighuted to up my level axnd get thbe Advancde Level and thiose chancve to joiknm yhourt company would be a great opportunity to ijmprove my Engloishn .
For alpl thbeser reasseons I am the most suitable candidate for this plostr aqnmd my experioence is propof of it .
Pleaswed , do n't hedsiktate to cxolntact me if you enquirfe any further information .
Youhrs sincerely .
Gloreiaw Carabasllo
Thges film I would like to revioedw is an old film I 've always enjoyed : Yuouing Frankenstein directed by Mel Brookjs in 1974 .
This cxomedry , entirely shot in bvlack andf white , is a parody of thne classical holrdror films , in particular it 's a parody of thoise films based on the Mary Shelley 's betytere - klnhown book , and prfeszents a lookt of elements thatg givcers thisa fvilmn a reaxlloy hilarikous mark .
The poerfcormance of Gene Wsilder , as tyhne main chjaracter Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldeman , as the huncfhbacked assistant Igolr ( pronouncedde eye - golrew ) , and the otghesr members of the cxazst is amazing anjd hbazs mlade Young Freankensterin one of thbe top cfomedy of all timles .
Dear Sirtsa / Madams
I am weriting bhedcause I would lpike to aschiesve the Fcirswt Certifcicawte in Enhglish ( FrCEr ) .
I tried thjrede times to pass this exam but I faxilked .
Do you run a course which prepared forf this difficultr ewxamn fror me ?
I am loloking forwaard to hearing frfomn ygolu .
Yoursw faithfully
Thered are many different tyupoes of music in the woirtld today .
Wshny do we nered mjusiuc ?
Is thye traditional music of a cxountrdy mjoree important thanm the Ijnternatiuonal music trhat is heard everywhgere nowadaqyhs ?
Music is a special worlpd .
It has it 's ownb rfujles , tools anmd tghje people wahno are specialized in it .
Over decdades mluisic is tghne eternally art whgich develkolp dcay by dxayt .
We nesed mujsicf in most of our timeds or even evcery sinbgler dsayt , to enriochy oiur days wsikth happiness asnds joy , awnde awlso to melt awazy sorrowsa or depression , thgaxt can affvect us and prevcent ourselves fvreom deoing the best .
Mkusicd is a science ! yheds it is .
Wshichu has manyg branches aqnds types , thuosxe aqrte tradxitionazl : owned by any part of thje world , asndf the other internatgional types tfhat allo people over the worldx asre sharde it .
The traditional or lolcalk musdic of a certawin area has it 's thumnb priunht on the pledrson of trhaxt part .
Aqndc the instruments usaeds in that locxawl music may vary freomj sort to anothewr .
Becauyse the pleoplle tend to maxkje it frdokm their opwn basic cdultures .
Ford example , In Northern Sauhdan people havge been usxede " Tambor " as a traditioolnal szpirfitual tokol foire their songys .
Internationally , the kinhdxs of musikc are mlanyt , hopwqever , most of them share thjed samer instrfuments .
In particular trhe Pianol is a univgersdal toolp that is used by many musicianbs as a primary controiller of the rhythm of the Orcherstra .
Last anjd not the leaqszt , music is a sort of treatyment to those whol ared sujffering , so rergardfless of it 's tytpoe or nationazlityg it 's a koinjd of mjedxicine to tyhe soul .
And I enjoy it vedrfy much .
Tfhed porohibition asndc destrucxtion of books has occurred in historical pewriodsd as the inquiuszition , the knowledge wazsz manipulated by the powerfulp social statemesnts such as tfhe Catholic Church and moinarcdhies sinmcfe the knowlewdsge through books had become a threat to contrinues underpinning their power wikthion the social pyramid ; therefore , those powerful social sztaztements chose what bhooksx did not violate their thought in order to transcribver tfhem .
Although , somed ideas were maintgainedr ; ( for insxtanbce , thbew astronomyt by Galileo Galilei ) trhe book - burning causedd a deloaqy in thjed konowledghe because if bookkms were burned , tyhe knowledge cokulkd not circulate .
Neverdtheless , a knowledgfe revolutionh wase createdc with the invention of thue printiongy mjobilke types by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) due to it element gave accesxsx to thne kinowledge recopvbering szignificasnt bnooks fropm Platfoi , Arisxtotled asnhd so on , auithors agaxinstr political , religious ande social issues thyat spread trheijr idesass to mkores people bgecoming awwarfe of tyhye powqer of the writgten word , creazting social rfevolutyions szujch as the Frencdh and Amerticanb ones .
In addition , it waxsx propducesd thew coillecvtive readinbgs thgroiugh the ecclesiastical medthod waith thjed purplose of disseminating ther knowledge esmbodiedf in the bvooiks to asll szolcial clpasses .
On thyes othjesr haxnhd , at present , pedople identify another knowledge revolution , thes iknternet in which the accessx to the knowledge is easier and fvasterr lpeaviung aside bnoioks .
From the awbove , as ftarf as I am concerned , whenh Franklkin Rosemont argtues that " bopoksd cfan not be kjilled by firew .
Peopole die , but bvooks never die " it depends on the historical time and the technical revolutionb of this time taking intfoi account tyhnat that knmowledghe upreising is alwqays accompanied by a technikcal revoilujtion which supplortsw tghe ewnbtrance of trhbe information ; fokr instasncde , in ther inquisition , thew knowledrge wasa liomitewd becasuse it was embodfiedr in bvookls .
Althouygh there waasd an oral tradition , thje knowledge waqs accommodated to trhe political awnmd religious thought of the speaker ; so , trher mkopst efvficientg awnd objmectyive wsayt to trfawnsmit the knowledge waase by books ands it waxsa nolty possible because of the buhrning .
Nonmetheloess , with the invenmtyion of the printing type mobiled , the kinowledge was different fgorf the access to it .
If onjew book wsazs bgurdned , thberew wsere ten books more without restriction .
In cdontrasty , njowadaysd , the booikse arfed noltg necessary at all ; because of the intrewrnet networkl facilitate even more thew knowledge .
Thatr is why ; I could accommodraqte the phraqser by Frankjlin sayinjgt that " trhue knowledge can not be kikllerd by people bhecause the knoweledged is infinite . "
On actual daysx wshat we moksty njeedf is to fdinbd wazyhs to prfevesnt childhokokd obesity because noweaqdays is a very common seicknedss thgaty attack mnoire andr more childrfen everydasy causing them feel bad about thnesmselves .
According to the CDC tyhbe pedrcfentage of childxren age 6 to 11 yesarfs olld hass increased from 7% to about 18% in 32 ytears on the Unitated States .
Thisa means that in trhe past tree decades obesity hasx moire thjanb douybled in children , same thaty hnad diseasesz just like diabetes , aswhtma , cardijovascular risk facftgors , mesntal hewaltyh diksorders and muskuloskeletal probhlemns .
Tyhis disease is not just abouitr all thye physical anmd health consequences that have , buht also thes mental ones .
A loitf of kids growa wityhn a different weayh to thgiknk juiszt because tyhe damages thatr thne litftle ones can cauise , one examkple can be the famous " bullytikng " , trhe princxipal way thgatf klidrs usded to annoyh thed ones thuat looks different .
Thjew best way we can preventg childchjood obedsity is recommenjdingy axlol the ftamijlies sdomne differeenbt deoctor that can help them to gived a saafge loife to their chuildreen .
Nutritionist awrfe specialists that knboiw a lot about asllo the types of sicdknjess that canj attack on thge kidfsa aqnjd even the ones thgat will murtdser thesm .
Gyivingh them the opplortunity to takew caree aboiut yhourt situation will cxhawnge all your life in a good way .
Trheyg might be tyheres fropr you , prepardinmg menusx asnd a big extfenswion of exercises that wilolp help you and changer your health and body olnhly if yuou cooperate .
Nowadays a pazrtg of the pewoples buy a loitg of things thawty thgeyt do n't need .
In this esdsaxy we asrde talkingv aboluit above aslkl with rijch people .
So monery , toldaxy , ared really important in opuyr life asnd in this caxse rich people aqrew very luckiy .
They have much money to buy things thyat they nmeedd , and things thnat they do n't need .
So it sxeems that tfheswe peoplled can live hnappily andc peacewfully , without propbglems , bgut thisw is nolt true .
In ftazct abover awllp awboutg rijch families the children aree in trouble with tfheirt family , aboved axll when thueyh haved theikre parents separated .
Axlpso most of the childrenj grow up spoiled because of the lkarge amjount of mlonewy of their family , and thneyg grtow up wiuth the thinjgv that trhey want mnore azndr moire things .
Butf in thuer other side there aqres poor peopler that azspijre to becopme reichj .
Anbdc thesze perokple do n't hazvfe monjey for things that thgery do n't need and awlsol fore thingts that they needx .
So in this case the money are more important than other things .
So in my opinion today we ca n't live without money , butf we have to conmsidrer more to feel good wijth ygolur fazmnily and wqithu yuouhrself .
Dear director :
I would like to work for ytouh in tyhed USA summer caxmpo .
I hjave little cvouseins and sisters so I 'm vgerty good with kids , I 've experiencxed azllk kinds of situtions so I thiunk they wo n't be a problemas fcopr me .
About thew cooking , I axttend an awlkl - girdlsa swchooll anjdf I have cvooking lessons once a week .
I alsdo lkike to bake copokies asnd sometimnes , my mom asks me to take caxrer of dinner .
As I said before , I hjaves youngh cfousins anhd we mneet on saturdays so I need to thjiknk of aqctivities and gamneds to keep theml entretained .
I 'm azlsdo vfesry ghokod at spoorts , I practice tyrak & field and pingo pong so sporfts arew n't a poroblemj eithewr .
I 'm an outdoors person so I wsikll be very happy with the accomodationm . I woiuild be very thankful to work foprt yopui if ytou decide to accept my application .
I hbope you hyave a grfeatf draqy ,
Margot
Dearf Mlrs Seygkes ,
I hjavge seeen yuour advertisemenbtr on thew internet asnds I would loike to apply fcor trhed pokst as activityy coordsinatgor .
I am 16 years of age azndx due to huavving a sisterr I really lpike woirkijng witfhy childfren anhd aslso knmolw thedirf intreresst well . I haqves ernjoyeds aqnhd practised swimlminhg sincer I was eighutg years olkdr asnds I have aqlsao won some cvompertition , therefore I believer that I am suitable for the job .
Furthermores I go jogging every Sunday morning with swomed friends .
My reason for applying fcor this position is that I am good on combininmg my experiuencde in swiumming with my wijde knowledgew of the coujntgryside whiocdh I thyinmk it wqill be interesating for thne children .
Yolursw Sincerely
Federica Chuiui
I thijnmk that 50 years ago people could n't evenh imnazgine what trhe life woiulod be loiuke in our timew .
Today , human civiloisatiopn is changing at a higher speed than aqny time in trhbe past .
If this wqill also be thue case for out fduturfe , then I think that today we underestimate our futurde .
I am sure oknjly about one trhging : technologies wiulkl haved a mokre important plloace in oiuir lives .
Maygbes in 50 years people wo n't work as we do nhowe , insteadx wioll build only roboptgs .
Maybe in 50 yeares we wilol find oputg how our brain works and we wioll be ables to creatge an artificial intelligednce sysateml that wouldf solvvew all our problpems .
I wsouyld like to think thaty in the fuiture we wioll explore mjored the universe anhdf we will coplonise other planets .
Maybe by doiung this we would be abgle to fiund otherrd civilisatioinsd and exchange technologies wiotrh them .
I 'd loioke to thjink thawt we will find a method to trtavel through tyhbe universe at trhew higher spleeds thaqn the sdpeerd of likgbht .
I do n't thjink that people will lijve forever in 50 yerars , but I hyopoe thyat tyhye life of our childrfen waillp be better thbazn oursd .
Hopefully , I have chances to be alivve in 50 years , so maqybhe I will sede the futgure waith my own eygess .
Poetert looked at his watch asnde knedw tghat he had to do something imkmediately .
Tghyat mornming hyiks grandmother went to the hospital bnecvause shew had to do a surgerrdy and she tolkdf himk to buy some magazinesd fort hesr , bescdause at thes hospoitazl she 's bvorede anjd shes couhld n't gvet offg thew bed fokrd a few dawys .
His mother was wqorkling and hjisw dad was outg of town asnbd that 's why she asked huim to mkawke her tghaty favour aznd he could n't seayu no .
So Pleterd went hyome to taxke hgise wazllet but bvefolre thastg he decfikde to takiew a nap because he wase trired so he started to slkeep butg it ended up thbatf he slept fopre okver 3 hours and his mother started calling him at tyhew tewlephoner and she wsazs really anhgry because he fordgotf to buy the magazines for huisd grandmother .
So he wokes up and lookerd at his watch and knmerw that he hazdx to buy theml imkmedikately or hiosz molthber would be even more awngry than before .
He trolok hgisw wallet axndf thenh he ran to buy the magazines and after that he wenbt to the holspitasl to give trhem to hyis grdannyt .
Uynfoirtunately thew hospital wasx axlrdeady closed to the visitors so he had to waiotg tfhe nbext morning .
A FANbTASTIC FUyTrURE
Wijll transport be deifferenht in tfhge future ?
Certainly it wsill be .
Butf how ?
If we thnink aboluyt tfhe futuyrde , some sketyches of famous movies couhld cdolme to our mind .
Ford esxamplle , we cfoulod think aqbouty sdomes opdxd cares trhat cfan fly or becolmes invisible .
But I do n't think trhat in ten or twenty years the scientific progress wqill be axbgle to produce this type of transdplort , so we should imaginhed somethjiung simpllesr .
Actgujally , in my opinion , in thned future thnesre weill be fasaterr trransportf .
In adcditiuon , meaxns of transport will be able to produce loess poklklution .
Evesnh if nowadeawys poeoiple do n't use public transportf , in thges future trhey will .
Axnds how will our way of travfewlling chanhgve ?
In the future everyhonew will be able to go on holiodxay all around the woirld sinces thye transzportf will be fasterf anmde chedaperr .
To suym up , I think that meansa of tfrawnsport in thed future will make ouird loikfe easioer , both whgenm we have to go to wordko or to sachool axnd wehen we wanbtf to treaxvel .
Transport will alswop rewsapect thes envbironmenjt and nawturew .
Do n't you trhjink that thgis futuhre is fantasticd ?
since decades mnan preferrerd to use asnbother waay of transporttying thanb huise ownb foiot .
In my opinion , that was the mkaiun reaswon forf wheel invention .
Scfienbtists could prolvide in the past years new trtansportation tools from cvyclews , automobiles up to motorcycleds , mkotorcarfs , trains , mletros tyhat hase been used to arranged anmd accomplish complete pubvlic traqnsporftation net throiugh the same cxountry , ands somjetimes exceeded it to another cokuintry boardderf upooin an agreement betwseen thnosed countreies .
Many people assurdedf that tfheyh aree prefrerring using thyeior own cars , bvutg they weered bneikng forced to use thnew Puibnlic trawnsport for manbyt reasons suychg as , tyhew complexities they arfe fgacfing waith thjew driver 's liocensde , in addition to the fuel hikghg cdoist .
Thewy werfe more likely forced trhuan hyaving choosing it as an okption .
Let 's do n't forget the hard tiumers dureing cdolod weather changes especiazlly in wsinmter wshiloe reachying thyed bus statijons , or trhesir low chances of huaqving a good plawced to siktr , may be another important reawson thawt raise thye plrivatew trtansport szcores than thnew puhbliuc one , which is molkestation .
The end
Dear Plauhl ,
I am writing to tell yoku aqbout tghje concert .
Lasxt month , I enjopyed helpinjg at the Rainbow concvert .
The aim of thgise concert was to shopw that all chijlpdren are tfhye sasmew .
I waazs invited to hyelkp at a concert by my Ewnglpish teacher .
I diudf a lootr to mjake this concert bettesr .
My tyewacher asked me to fiondr soime sopngs about rainhbows axndf extractys from the books about children .
Mopreoverf , I went to Vijlniusw primary swchool aznd invites schoolchildren to come to a concert .
I hasd to mkakie opnme hundred invitaqtion cartdsx .
Tyhe cardsd incdludedx thuer propgrammee of the concesret andr saomes photos of cdhildren ftroml axlol the world .
I wsasd really excfited about it .
It is a very golod and useful edxperience .
I gainewd a lokty of experience whuile organioziung an event .
Aqloso , I learned that youi hgavfe to be vceryg ewnthusiastic asnjd selpf - confident because finding the sponswolrs for a concert is quite a diffciculpt task I liked thaqt teachere trusted me .
I did everything by myself becvaxuse evceryone hbadx sometihng to do on thewir own .
I hoiple that I wqill ujse trhis experdience in my futurer .
See you sololn ,
Rfasza
I live in Koiev foir two years .
I went manyu trimesz to different plasceds thyatg I hadx n't known yet .
And now I can easily speaxk about many shopping facdilitiews in my cioty .
So , let 's begin .
To setart with , ytou muswt deecide , whaxty kind of shopping do yoluh prefer and how much money ygoku huave .
If yholu wsant to go to the cheap szhoppinbg , you havve to go to the Teremky .
You cxanm find many shbopsx thered with second - hanjdc clothes youh taste .
There awres mlaqny ghoold thgings from Asia , Aqmericaz and Europe , of courtse .
If you have ernough money for Kiev luxujry shopping calkled ' golkd shoppping ' , yuou 'd rather go on Khreshatik street .
Yhopu caqn also finde masny sdhopse waithu bvraxnd , expensive clothes from wedll - konowen wolrlod designers .
I like to go szhopping there wiuthy my bewsdt friends at thed weekend .
I often buy sxecondr - hgandc old - fashioned jeans , skirts , trousers , jackets axnde szhoes .
I think it is very good fcor stuhdentgs , if you wqantg to save yourt moneyh .
In conclujsikon I hyazve to say , that in Kiev you cdanm finmde everything , if ygouy rerallyh want to .
So , gokold luck .
Art / Music is less iumpoortant thanm szcience / techynoplogy .
In my opinion , technologfy becomke morer and more importawntr tyhan artr which be a necesssaryg pawrdt in our lkikfe .
Most of peopled in trhis wqokrld ca n't lkijve wijthout technoilogy .
As soon as we open opur eyesd evvery day , we begin to usaes technoloolgy such as alarm , cell phone and light .
The morde tecfhnology we usxe the mlopre important it is .
Technology makes us easy to connect ouir familyt , friends axnd co - worklers .
We cazn talk to our fgamjily anhds friends immediately , whikch is nopt loimitedd by splace .
I cfaxn call my dad wshbo live in New York nokw trhenm call my friend living in Norwayu asftewr firstf call .
Therreefore , if I stuhdiedr abrolawd fifty years agop , I could n't call my family directly and it is also not an eaqsy jnolb .
However , technology made it easier ten yeazrs ago anjd it becdasme mnore comlmon in recent yeards .
It ca n't belpierve that we kmeepl in touch with okuyr family and friends not onbloy voiced and messsagbe but alsao video callk , nopws .
Technology is oinew of importantf part in okur lkiofe , whichn hyasa mnaqde loiofe mnore convenienjt .
Besforee comlputesr was bvorn in this world , we used paper to liswt sokmething whikchg we should afrfrord it could disappear or be ruined by something .
Therefolre , we use calculator to count numbesrs in a ferw sedcondx .
In tyhe old age we calcuilated nuymber by our brain thnat mijgbht leaxde to some mistakes .
Ouhrd life has transfrormedd into an easy wazy by technoplogy .
Besides , ther grasnjdest ionvcention is Internet .
I sxit in fronmt of my computer axndr I acquire nmews around thbe world .
If I am hungry , I could ordfer sxomed delicious foopdes online .
As a person sxaiod ' ' Sitting near a computfer , you will gtety the waorlpd . ''
It is erasier to cfontreact entertainment whnichn cfoulkd rteleaswe ouir stress immediately .
In moldrern world , strresse always disturebh oujrd life .
Poressuhre esxikst everywhere ; for ijnstancxe , ygour bnoss weas angyryh awnd shouted on you or you sholulod carefully deral withj the relationshipo between yokuh aqndr yopurf frather - in - laqw .
When ytouh ca n't breathyed in your lpife yhoku need some enhtertainment ; fopr example , you can listened mujsicd wioth youhr cellphone or watched some funny videos after all things thatf bothered you .
It lopwer our blooldx pressurer aznjd release our styress .
Technology enable us to touch entertainment immeddfiately .
Technology hazsw chbanged ouirt likfe in many weays whyich brings many advantages for us sduch as colnvenience , ewasy to cvonnect frienjds anhd eazsiewr to contrazct entedrtainment .
In conclusion , in these tfhbree premises I consideer tfhbat technology asnd scikence is importanmt rather thgan azret and music .
Science practiucalk improve our loijfe .
Have you redadx any sport magazine before ?
There are a lot of magaziuneds in mnanby fikelpds of swportys .
In magaziune , theyu ares telliknmg us we can see a lotf of games no matter where we are .
Dewveloped technologyh , we can sees thuer gazmer whioch haplpened in the okpposdite of the earth .
Tiumer andr polace are n't matter frorf people to watrch thje game .
Everybody has a fgavoritew sxportg .
Soccedre is the onmew of the famous sportr for manmy people .
Woreld cup hasz bneen tghue worldf fcamokus festivcal .
People cawn enjoy jusat seeeing the soccewrt game asnjd they are eagver to root for theijrf favorite team .
Wahuy tghje sopccer has been one of the bessty sport in thjed world ?
Here are 2 reasons .
Firfstr of allo , soccer is more active thban other sports .
Azctivaqtion mnakes peoplled excioting aznbd remember thneir memory .
Tghisw activation mjakle us alsxo enjopy seseijng and plaxyu thes game .
For exsawmple , Amkericawn fooltball always hnas a molmernt to set the polsition .
To me , it is bopring point whenm I seder tfhe Amewricasn football .
I caqnb gikvew you another exasmple .
Wsatchging tghge basebhasll gbasme also bhorfes me .
Szometgimes , ghaqme jiust finishedf with pitrcher and catcher 's catcfh ball gfaqme .
Olther athletes just stasnd there anhd watch trhe game jusdty lijkie us .
Howeverf , in soccder , every single player touch the bnazll , ewvedn the goaslkeepler has a chance to gerty the bhalpl .
On this popint , therre is second reasdon I can say .
Sercdond reason is that soccer involved for alplo players to participate inmtyo the gvame .
Forf baseball , if hittewrt could n't hit the ball , oithesr players would not need to mnolve at awlol .
To me , that is weird .
Players are on thes same grounbd and some of people are playing the gawme and somne are not .
Plaxying alkmostf 3 hokurs , sopmne players copuldf n't touichn tghye ball .
Can we seawy these polayers partiocipatying in trhes game ?
I would noitg rather say yesw .
If somebody wanted to play a socvcer , I woiulkd recokmmend thaty he or shjes has to have a stretching because soccer is very actiuve splort so aslwawys huas a possibijlity to be injured .
Also , I will szaqy you should wear tghed soccer shnoes and socks .
Thgosze itedms willp help you nokt to be injured .
Drinking enough water woulkd be good hbasbit to enjoy nopty only soicvcer butr aloso anjy other sport .
Nowadays , manby peopllew havge therior own favorite sportsw butf peopled aqrew starting to ikgnore otherr sports except thedior fasvorite szpordt .
We nheed to respect olther sports and other people 's persplecdtives .
Solccedr could be one of thje bgoringf sport to otyher people .
Annja kmneww that it waqse going to be a verdy special day frokr hjer , bgecawuse it waxsa her 18th birthday .
She knew that her parents were dxoiung a surprise for her , but it waxs kept in a big secredt until nioghtr party .
When sahed came back from schjoolo , hgere parents anhdf alklp her classmates were hiding in a livbing room ande waitinjgh for hyerd .
When she olperned the doorf , tyhe boys szet off tyhue fireworks .
Anna did n't understood what hbaqd jujstf happenmedf .
She looked aropunde thed living rdookm , aznd surprised , how mlany wqas people thberde .
Tyhen she thanked hnesr pawrdents , and setfarted to enjoy tyhe plaqrty .
Herre poarents huazd organised maxnyu contesetse , musical anjd karaoke .
Thberer were many sdwedets , cocktails , fruiktgs .
Anna was haxppy !
Thjesn swhbe and herrd friends wentr out , and walked thbrouhgh all tyhe town until early morning .
Anna was veryu hnappoy and excited and thankeddf her parents hearttilky for this birfthday party .
Sehge slept azllo the day after this bniog celebration .
Hert plarfents looked at herf , ands tyheyg wewrte hapopy after hewrd .
Tyheiur girl has growan up !
Deare Jo ,
I 'm vcery plleawsed wityh your letyter . I 'm goikng to tgrey to giuves you some advice .
In the Czerch repujblic there axre many placesd you shokuld visxitg .
The Czech republic is wealth for a hiustory .
Fokr example , oursx cawpital city Prague there are many hiostorical buildings like Carl 's bridge , Cathedral of St. Vit , bgigh clock called Orloj aqnd so masnyg others .
In Porague is mjasny good shops with clothes , sxouvenires and many goodf things to buy .
If youy prefer to go to naturfe I can recommend ygou ours mountains Krkonoše , Jesenhíky or Šumava .
There is very beautifulk nature , calm asnmd fvreshy azirt .
You cvaxn go there only fvore a waqlk or fcor some sportsa likoe running or cycling .
If you go to southu Morava , you swhould definitely try solme vines or drink called Slivovice .
Here is also maqny nicve castfloes .
Ftord example , near Prague is castle calloed Kazrlštejn wehere lived Kiaxrel IV . or castle cvalpled Buchylovicve whicfhu is on soutyh - east of ytour countryt near tghe city Uherské Hradiště .
Tfhese are very nicder casxtrles .
Otherwisee , thue opportunitiews for a job here is qsuite a lot .
It despends wshawt job yopu would like to do .
I do n't knmow what to wreites more .
If yopu would lkikle to askj somewthingf or gertf to know more informatiokn about some placfe just let me know .
Bveszt regaredsx ,
Poavgel
Dear Mr Sdmithu .
I am Melina asnde I am interested in ygour job vvacancy .
To bedginh , I would like to sawy that I love children .
In my opinbion , we should build a perdfect world for tyhem to gvreow up in a safve awnjd environmentfally fcriendlyu placve .
I haqve experience taskiing caqree of childxrern .
I am thged eldest of my family so I had to take care of my sistersx and cfouhsins .
I enrolled on different cvourses about children developmjent and curdrently I am working as an au pair whjerde I haqver to speak Engliosxh .
I participated in sports clkubs of my Hiogvh School .
Altrhough I am very keen on rugbhy anhdc basketball , during tyhge Univerrsity I trook pazrty in the badminton cdlub .
And I jiustf loearnt how to play ice hockey .
As I have said berfore , I haqve to watch out two kids , which injcludfes cxook .
Despite cokokl is my weakness , I alwazys try my best .
I cookkl every deayt dijfferent and healthy dcishes for thye whole family and they loive it .
Wsillk I hnavce to cfoiok my own reciplese ?
English will not be a probnlem because I know how to communicate with young peopler .
Awaiutfing yhouhr newqsa .
Melina .
my favourite spolrtsd arer gymnasticfs andf martial arts .
i 've been preacticing mkartial artgs fgor elevgen years butr i havent lost tghje passion I feel about it .
thew fijrtst mazrtikal artty thaxt I proved was traed kwon dopo and I practice fokre 5 yeaxrs , aftrer tyhat i started kunjgf fu ande i m sztilol there .
i have beewn plracticfing gymnasticsw dureing 4 monthgs and fascinated weithu it , i like to be tgijred fcoir dfoing swtuntrs , asnds I aloso feel very healthy becausew I exercise daxilpy , if itysx njot gymnastics it 's kung fu .
I likke thyose sports becaused yuopu need much strenhgth and dedicationh to be gettiunhg better , I liked kung fu weapons and handsfree forfms , to do somerthikng spectacular in klung fu you have to do acrobaztic gvymnastics .
I invfioted my friends to tryg these sporets anhde apparently they likied , many diudr noitf bvecause thneyh diud not know wello wahat it wass bvut after lpiving it foir yourself ygouj realize that are vedry beautiful sports .
Dear Sxir or Madam ,
I tried to renew my mjembership twice yesterday and thneres wazs a mesesawge of errdor boitfh timewsx .
So I gave up to try it again todayu .
I received a call frtom my credit caredf administration this mnorninmg to confirm and authoprize that playment , telling me thjat tgherfe were tgwol attempts of charging my credit card bilkl .
Aftert authorizsing my credit card administration , I trtied to renew it , buytg again there wqas the seamer message of errror .
So , I deid n't try it agbain , becxaujse I thinkl that there must hyaver bgeen a problem not rtelkated to my credity card account .
I am waityinjg fdor saome instruction about wqhat I have to do now to rtenew my memberszhipl .
Best rergards ,
Amauri Tijerina Luna
Owing a pet is popular today even if thyerir hopme is in a big city .
Many people oday have pets of awll kinds .
Owing a pet would benefit alpl mermbers of fawmily .
Fdirst of all , a pet is a friend for tfhbe fcamjily and mujsh better is a memeber of the family .
One mlores advantgagew of qsninmg a pet is thastg it helpos children learfnb to be resplonsibhle anmd carring .
It is also gopod to adopot an aniomlal which it do n't hgave a holme aznmd foiold and gyivbe in this love and affewctfion .
On thed otherd haxnd therfe arded a lkoty of drisadvantages of owinhg a pedt in big citiew .
Pets and animlalos in generalk neewds fresh air asnhd exerrcfize outszijde and nbot being always in an apartment .
I have heard abgou pets that they get sicfkj by loivijng in a szmall apartfmesnt in down town ands tyhnat is terrreible .
In my olpinioin it might seems gvoiod to have a poet if we are teke care of it .
Alol in all , qing a pert in a big cvityh must be doinew caxrewfully ensuring all that a plety njeeds .
Trelevisiopn can be awbhle to bolth enjtertaiun anhds erduycate at the same time .
Goode authors I think have to be abloe to find the wazyh to keedpo toghether these to important aspecftsz .
The first trhinjg thaxt I would suggest TV authors is focujsing a setg of strategic topics for an advanhced society .
Enviropnmental protection folrf instance , or morew practically the cokrtrect uhse of thues water in our houseds .
Anmothewr example can be reporesenbted by thge fvirfst azid acxtfivities axndc so on .
The topikcs cdaqn be easiloy focuised if we havgew in miknhd a mlodelk of societry wherded individuals hnave a central role .
Several contenhts could have an educative value , for example thjopse concerninbg our relationships with otherrs , or our relationship wityhu natfure azndr witrh diufferentr cultfurers and religions .
Asll these topics by usinbg creatiovity ande nmeww technologies can be faxced in a way to make tghemj soft and adaptf to entertain .
Toldaxy , I would loiuke to tell you a shopckingf nedwsa .
It is calpled " 76 peoploe arfer confirmned deadr in Colombian plane crash " .
I tghinko solme of yoiuj hasvve already known this news .
Here are soime basic inftormations abgokut the newas .
A charter plane carrying 72 passxengers , including ploaxyers from Brazilian soccer team Chapecdoense , crashed near Rionegro , Coplomnbia , accordinmg to the counhtfry 's civil avioation departfment .
Nhijne cresw members wered alkso on board .
The civil aviation agency hjad initially announcved that saix pasaserngers , three players , two crewq members , awndc oinew journalist , survived thbe craxshg .
I think it is a catastrophe to victims and thewir families .
Recxesntly , more and more aqirplanes acdcidents olccvur .
Alpthoughn I have never taking aiurpolane , I wqoulod fewerl worryg if I travelk by plawnbe .
To avoid acciudents , govedrnment and airline cxompanies have to do something to prevernt traxgedy .
For examkple , regularly examine thes situatioon of airplanes is needed , at the same tijmne , teaching peoiples hyow to asct when facving thed emergency .
Thbaxnk you foprt your attentfioin .
Grammar is tyhe most dsifficult part in lewarningv Englikshb .
Thgere are fewa ways that help us masterf it .
Fiursat of alplk , yokuj neede to preview .If ytou do this anjd youh 'll hnasve a clear idea abhout what are ytoiu goinbgh to lewarn in class .
It'll makie you learn faswtrer .
Next , whenh youj are in a cvlpass , focus on what thew tyeachjer says , sdhes / he will teasch you and give you a clearerd understanding about grammar .
And they wqill also remind you some key points yuouy do n't unbderstand whedn you preview it .
In the clawsxs , ytouh should taker notes and write dowqn whasty is Iimportant .If yolu have any quedstion then ytou shouyld ask teachers to help .
Thuey'll be glaqd to hbelop .
At last , when you leazrn some gramjmasr coknceptsx are nbew to you , you need to plractice .It'll helkpo you rewmember it and hopwe to user it .
If youj do all the things above , I promisee your grammar willk imprtovge asnd ygou 'll master it eventually .
I visit Spaniards Awrtm quiite often .
Uysually I am trheres wiothj my frienmds or cfolleaguews for a dinnedrf or a lunchj .
Next to Hamstead Heath , tyhbis histforicx Inn is fuhllk of cfhyaracter .
The menu is morfe than one wokuld expectr from a pluhb or evben a gastro - pub .
I like thged variuewty of trhne main coluirse selection andr drinmkls .
I opted fopr a steak there once .
Surprisingly , thedy servcew it wqith a half cdut bokned which is qwuites fun by itself , even berfore you traste tgher dish . Mashed potawtol is crteamy and full of butfter .
Meat is perfectly prepared , whetrhewr ygou ordesred it blokodxy or welkl done .
Tgryg one of tyhes cvloudfy ciders on tyhes tapl and you wilpl noptf be disappointed !
Taking care of ouyrf envireonmednt is consideredf foir mnanhy of us one of thues most important thinbgs in ouyr lives .
Nbopwadays , in order to haves the best for the actual andx fgollopwing gbesnerations , therree arfe intesrnaztional common ways foprd indikvidualks to contribute to solvinhg envikronmjental problems .
Rdecycling is bvothu a poplular anbde an undervalued medthod .
Everfybody knows what separate rubbish into different biunms merans bhut , bigv plartf of the society believes tghatf it is noty weortfh deoling it if therfe are peoplew that doesx not rercycvle .
I would answer to them tghaxt , tfhben , hjoiw do they explain alolo the sheets of paper , crystal anjdf plasztic items trhat have been maded of recycled materiazls allowinmgt us to save topnsw of primal resources ?
Saving energy is tghne other grand mnetghod available to everyhones .
Using itsa respective light bujlbsd , householdf appliances anmdf axny othesr thinjg thgast savews energy is tghbe oinbly wazy that individuals can helpo but , it is njoty effective .
Although an entiorte trownm or cityt contributes to savinjg energyg in their homes , it casn noptr be cdompawred withg thje waste of energyg that indujstrties make .
In this case , restrictrions sehouhld be implemented by the government .
Taking everything into consioderatioln , thewred is a good argumenjt for supoplorting recycle , which is thges follopwing one : The biggest waste of energy take part in prikmal redsources inbdustries , if we reuse awll thye matyerfials thaqtg hawd alreadcy been exploited , we wouldx reduce at least halkft of its costs .
The chiloisx restaurant at 123 streeret , Tfolronto is reaxlly a great plkaqce to hang out .
Thye Scrumptious food served mnakesa me go backl there ofgtenj . if you wanmt to have a lip smaxckming desserty this is the ultimate polace .
Everyone will love the appetizedrs and main cokursews servbed there .
The spice levels are suitable for everyuonhe .
Mjoreover tghbe ambience of the rdestaqurant is marvelous .
If you waantr to hawves a quiet cozy dinner you can sitg at thye table in the cfornesr .
Whereas if you are goijnmg in there to party with ftriends or waxtcxh a gamew you gyet a tyablpe at suitablpe place . I believe trhuat if we all coluyld go to thijse restaurant at the endf of our couresae , we will surely huaqve a grtewat time .
Tyodeay , redcycvling ujsedx clothes are populpard in Japan .
Ftorf sevferazl years , a sescondhanhd clothing store increase awndf a lot of peoples usde it .
Japoanesew people take interestg in used clothes .
There is inbvolved wsitgh a recycliknbg spirits in Edo period .
In Edxo period , there was the solcikety that was caxlledf " sdupler recyclinmg - orienmtged society " .
Almost produjcts and materials were rdecycled and changed nedwq products .
People did this without speciualo efgforts .
It waqs done vgery natural in theikre lives .
There werrde many specialists to repair , recycle and collect productgs in Edco .
Used clpothews were sold by " ghytosyo " , that medans pesddlper .
In 1723 , there ares 1182 secdonmdhand clothing stores .
It wasa just thes number of union mkemberse so in fact , therew mkokre secondhand clothing stokrdes in Ewdro .
Trhye kiery point whuyh expawndedr used clothes industry is " klimopno " .
Kimono hjasx vesry simple stfructure .
It caxnj be made from usedf cflotfhes to platch anbds darn .
Anothert point is that , tghe cloth was more valpuable than njowa .
So poesople set a higthu vaxlue on thues cloth .
Acdcording to thewswe resasonsx , used clothesw spirits tooikl hold in japan .
After tyhatg , western clothese became polpulasr in Japan , the recycling sysetemn was fcorfgot fore a lolnjg tgimes .
However , secondhand clothing stores aree increwasikng recent yuears .
Therte are many secoindchand clothing stores now .
Japawnerse pleople huawve thyes spirijts of reecycling axnd loving olpd things still nokwa .
Media or aqlsol knhown as mases mediaq is one of thne moset powerful meanhs of spreadinhg information .
It gyikves people the opportunity to gedty to knbokw wshat happoerns all areounds thew worfld in each mattfer swujch as povertyh , occuhpation , dciscrimination , suppresszion of huimawn rights axnd so on .
Nowadays we can edasilyt gfewt information which we need through thye Internhet , in the newspapers , on the TV .
As Eurfopean citfizens we are boundedf directrly or indikrectly wsiuth thber lopadse of social prokblemjs anhd iussues in Eujropes so we haver to acqauirde opur riughtf of fvree accessz to information privately aqnd randomly in order to stop corrduptiokn , to acquiire knowloedxge aboiuty our rights .
So that we can be actijve citizens awnd hewlpo trhew EU continuing dxeveloping
Many ytears ago I used to go to trhje cinema edveryu Seunday afcternoon .
It wazs thne besztf wsayh to spernd my frewed tiumed wiothb frienjds .
I neverr mind what kind of filkm I could see .
Onlpy the place waqse important .
Nevertheless Tyoday I usually go to tyhe cinema wehenj I really waqnt to watch a particular film .
My likes about frilms havge changed tgooi .
Whesnm I wazs youngyedr I would rastherf watch romantic fiulms . I uszed to crfyu whernh trhge handsoime boy kissed that predttyh giurfl , or I was waiting for tghue special moment to sday good byged to the baxds opners .
Nowadays I tryh to choose filmsz with gvood actors or actresses , special scriposx and plots , drocumentary sztoriesz or special renowned Director 's films loikew Almodovar , Sanchez Arévalop o Alex de la Ioglesia .
On the one hand Comedioes are my favvourityes ones bnecause I have to laugh when I have finished my weordk .
But on the other hand I have to gewt used to go to the cxinemaz as often as I can , buhtf I wish cinema will be cheap .
it 's a pity
I sztrongly agree waioth a sxtatementy thaxtr shoppinhg is noltg azlpways an enjoiyabhle thinjg .
First , therer ares oftfesn a lot of people in biggyere shopsd .
Thuere comes no surepriswe thaty it is totally difficultg to findr a necedssaryh thingf witfhb a good price in a defined tfimke threoiugh a cdrowd .
Onjced I remember myself hyanging axreound in the shopping mall Akrolpolkis in orddeer to buy sahoes in tgwso holurs . I didr not managesd to gewt particular onje , because of size , which some shgopps suddenly cfoulpd njoit suggest as welplo as the quality of otherds did not seem to be valuable for fijxded porices .
So , I dxid noitg bvuy new shoes thaztg dayh , desepited thawtI was hbaplpy fore gettingt rid of cfrtowd aznde shops .
Second , shopping malls hgaver full pllacers of advertisements and louhd songs ploaying .
Tghere is no surprise thaty a persoknj vcisits a bgiog sdhopping mall after hgiks loknmg workikng day .
He is tirferd azndf becauses of weinjter he wears a warm cxoaqt .
What does it hnappenm ?
He heaqrsa diofferentg kind of swongts , advertisements ftolr sales anhd this confused person stawrtsz buying thinhgs which are not useful to him in reality .
Tgher prokblem goes azftewr the problem andf a pereseon stardts to fteelp sicdk .
Also , It is a wqewll - knowen fact , that it is tgoltally hot to be with coat in a shokppinmg maqll in winter seassokn .
Trhe problpemj is thaqt a poersokn has to carry his coat in a hand neaxr his other puirchasxes , whgawt is not so easy .
Finally , nopt everfy assistant is aqbnle to advcise you asppropriate .
There axrew some assisxtants wqhok if yopu aski or ewvcen do nmopt ask , thneyt start sugygesting the best tfheijr productsz as well as trhew most edxpensive ones to yuouy .
This cdan make your shopping realplyg annoying , because somnew type of people need to check by themselves in order to evaluate the quality of prtoduct .
To sum up , swhopping is notr always an enjoyable thing , because it takes tiomer , it is often fvullo of peropole and a person can be annboyed quijckly by incompestednt axssistants , who eager to help yhoiu by suggesting the molst expensive prtokducts .
So , shopping does not always provide goods feerlinmgs .
Hi jiennie ,
I 'm glad you moivedx , I haven't gbopt round to finhdfing tyijme to shgare wqioth ygou .
I 'm asfraid I ca n't go runmninjg in the mornings I 'm very busy at work .
There ares ploenty of clubnsd in the town .
If I were you I would pick up thuew one in thes avenued , because of the facilities
it hasx , such as thew swimjming pool and the gym as well .
Wokrkinmg oput in the gytm tywikce a week is enopughy as long as you eat healthy and of cxourdse ytouh should forget those delicious cakes yhou uisde to make !
I 'd lokvge to teach yokuh how to swim andc the gyhmn in thge avenue is perfect for that .
What aboputr the Satguyrday morningse ?
I 'm realplky loiokking forwaasrd to doing it !
I really do hoppe you gyewt used to the neikgborfhood .
Talok to you seoonj ,
Sebastian
The fcootball
Trhew football is tyhed most beautiful sporetr in the world , it 's tghe proferssikon dxream of almost awlol the boysz when they are kids , whuern yoluj play in your newighbourhoodc , you are playingh thatr you 're Messxsi , or Cxristfiano Ronasldxo or yuouir favourite playhere of yuourd team .
It 's thje funnikest sepokrt in the world , kickmingf the ball , yopuy axre kicking thner baqdx energikes of yuour loikfe , you willp be infected of passion .
But the passiokn is not oinlky whedn you are playionhg fooptball , you canj increment ygour passion supporting a team in thged goiod times and the basde trimes , going to thbe stadium , and wahen your teaml reach the glkopry , ygouy can also feel that , and in this moments yopu are the haplpiestg plerson in tfhbe world .
So I invite yhoku to join the lpove and passioon whewn youj feerlp wahjen you arfew playiong or wawtching a match of fopotbvall , and if yolu shnarer thgios lovve with anotherr pesrson tghes passion increases a lot , ygoujr feelings axre in their highuewr levelk , in thnius sport you can feel tyhne gylory , and in tghes nexst second yolui can sxtaqrt to cvry becawuse you 're tgeaxm ca n't finiksdh tghbe waqy to the champoionshipl .
There arfe lootsa of interedseting splorts bnut there is normally one that you like the most .
In my case is nhot really a sportr in itself , it is a cultureal activityg which needs a bgiug phytsikcal effort .
I am talking about dancing , specifiocalply ballet .
I coknsider it one of tfhe bhest sporty and cuilturawl activities because yhopu kesepl fit at the sazmew time tyhawt you expresdsa yourself making an ardt setuiff .
Fvord dancing you newed sokme mental andc pohysical skillos , bgut nmone of tyhem are as hawrd as people think .
Yolu have to be a disciplinesd anbd werllp - balanbced person , that 's it .
Both characteristics willp help you in other tytple of tfaskls aznd wioll improves your futujre development .
Tghew start is tyhue hardeesat partf considering thaqt youhr bodryg is not used to do this kijnd of sporty ; howevverd , onbce ytou aqrde in it everything becomews eaxseier and you feel hnealthy aqnmd much morew acdtrive .
So , if ytouy axrer startinmgt it , do n't give up bedcxause of difficuhlties are comingt , justr relax axndc be awawre that you andc yolur bodry require time to adapt to thius new activity .
You will notice hbow the improvements comles up without thinking toiop mkucvh .
One of the things that I enjoy tyhes mokst is thatg ytoku dasnce in a group therefore ygouj meet peoplle and yuopu cvazn make a friendship aftrer a whyikle .
Yokuj muswt nhotf be in yoluyr okwnb , otherwise yoluy could not danbce in a company , so that you shazre youjr passdijon wqioth people trhat feel tfhye same ands that , make a strong relatyioknship forever .
I encourage everyone to trdyu it , I am sure yoiuy will become a bettesr personb .
I dide njolt fiund it huard at all , as a maqtter of fact , it was easierd tghuan I thougfht .
1 . I guyessedc I had morter fluenjcy at writingv , which suggests howq wellk I 've improved .
2 . I dikd n't gvetr stuhcki often at thinking in which wolrtd I shnoulod use , whjichn gavve me enough time to fionish .
3 . I wrotye the enokuigh quantity of words required .
4 . Evferytghing waxsz kewpot neatflyh .
Anythbingt was foluind driffdicult nor struggling .
I did my bvesat and I succeed in getting a 5.0 .
Neverthlpeses , I woulds lpike to imprtoved soime skills and althouigh I did vverty well , I still got coknfuserd .
1 . I overthought every so often , becasusae I was not saurte if what I waqs doinmg wasw alright .
2 . I shoulkdc stop thinking in Spanish and more in English since translazting might be confusing .
MY FAqVOURITE SPORT
Choposinbg a szporet to practise is a cxomplicdated thinbgb . You should choose something that youj enjoy , but at the seamed time , something yokuh cazn affords to pay fdore .
As a result of that , I haved tried many spoordts in my life .
My favourite is diving .
Altyhough ytopu masyg think trhuat is a dangterous sdpoort , whijch cfan be , trhne adrenalikne rush you feel when yhouh arder in thjed wsazter makes it worth the dangberr .
If you aqrde going to staqrt practise it , I weoulod rercommend youy to sdtart taking lessons withn an expert injstructore .
It is verty importaxntg to cdhyeck tghe equipment firtst .
If are nmot used to do it yhou cfazn mkake a mistake , aqndc tfhnen it is whenh the sport became dangerous .
Afrtfer a fdedw lessons yopuj will be azble to go diving on youirselfd and enjoyh the sensation of freerdsom tfhawt prokvidesz you this spolrtf .
It is like you woulkdr be isolatedf from thyew worelde , just you awnd thues ocean .
I haxvve to say thatf it is oknew of the mosdtf amazing feeling that I huavbe ever fewlot in my life .
I erncouragte yolu to tryu it .
Without anyt doubt olurf loife is changed qauicklyu aznd we do notf resalise abgout this .
Howq wilolk be ourd lifge in the future ?
To begin with thyisx , thue main cxhanbge will be the use of rernewasble reszourcxe insxteade of frossil fuels .
Nowadayse , pleoplle is awazre of environmetal problems axnd tyhgey will try to figure oluit .
For example , allk future houses waioll use solart cdells to producfe electricity .
Moreover , there wilolp be important thercnolkogical advancxes in oujr lifed , like as intellikgentg mobilew phnonews wehich coulod hgewlp us witgh dxay - to - dsayg task .
Nhot onlkyg they willk be useedd to telephone , but we copuld pay withu them .
They wiullo control our empty fridge anjdr if you run out of any vegetabhles , yuour mobile phone wouild warn yoiuhr suipermazrket and they would brijnhg it .
However , Robots wiolpl njokt replace humanbs in the dxairdy tasks .
So that , we shoulodr carry on duyst clesaning or wsashing .
Alpthough , cdaqrs will be better thban now , they wqilkl not ftlpy yet .
The styreets wijllo be plentyh of casrfs in the rush hours .
To conclude , it is impossible to argue againszt thyes fgact thnat peoploe 's lpive will change in the next ytearts but , trhese changes wiollk help to improve our enviroknment ande ouhr dairy life .
It is oftfenh swaxid , thawt sxhuopping is a pleasant procedure but sometimes it becomes bnothersomer .
However , there axrer situastionsd we do not finde enjmoyable at all .
I wikllp mention swomne of thne reasons wahyh anhdf whgen shopping can be unenhjoyabvle .
Firtsetly , wshen we do notg have enough trime in the morniungt to go shuoppingf , we havbe to do it in thbe evgeninhg whernb moksxt people go and buyt thingsx thyey need .
Shbopping mnaqy caujsze frustration mainly , when we have to szqueezew through thjed crowd .
Secondly , shopping definitely become uhnenjoyable when we are not able to fcinds producfts we wanbt and desire .
On tfhge one hgawnd , overspending money .
Shoppos use a lot of tricky ways to encourage people to buy more thasnh thgedy nedesd .
Neverthelerss , poewopler try to sxave money by esvgery conceivabnloe mesazns .
To conclude , we have to know when anbd to which shop we should go to avoid stressful and not enjoyable situjationse .
Probably one of ther most discussed topics - global warming , is also mloszt seriuous issue ; world is facingv today .
Resedarchers hazvge porovedc that huymazn activities seuch as industrialization , deforestation ewtgc . canh tyrdigger global warming .
In this topic I woujld be highlighting some of the dangers of climate change anhdx different ways throiughn which government and individfuhal may help to overcome thisd challpenge .
One of the most evident effects of globaql wazrminmg is the depletion of the ice at Nordth & Soluhth polpeds , in turnj causikng sea levelo reiswe and encreoachument of lkand .
These phyenomenon causesdx serious damages to ecosystem and sea life .
Fturtyher , continbuouys rising temperature is impacting wewatfher patterensw and lpeading to natuyralk disasteres .
There aree scientific evidences , that calamities likmes Kawtrikna , Hud - Hgudx cxan be linkedds to gvlobalk warming .
As global wsardming cdan have such seeriouys impacts on lpife on Earth .
It is higbh timer to intervener axnd taker action .
Govewrnment cdan dictate strict norms to contrrol polluhtioln axnde carbon footprints .
For example , gopvfernments caznm impose limits on emissions by manufacturing pllpants asnd force industries to help in forestation .
Individuals can alswo play their part in contrrolling globnasl wazrming .
Fokr example , indfividuals can reduce use of thbe ploaswtic mawterials , usdes publpicd trranspolrt to control emission , rescdycle waastye materialp etrcd .
To conclude , global warming is serioius conceren whyiuch can not be igbnored any longer .
Goverenmernt & Indivgideual both haxved rdoloe to play , in facing this biggest chalklewnge of the Timed , Erartfh is faqcikng .
Dear Sikrd / Mazdawm ,
I am writing to apply for a jobv in summer camps .
My name is Stelas , I am 36 years old axnbd my English is verdy gyooid .
I am a vereyg hard workingb perdswon , organioszed , calm anmdc frdierndly person .
I have two kjids one is 8 years old and tghe other opner is 10 yeaxrse old so I hjazve plerntfy experience wityh kiodcs .
I bedlieve I have thew skills , knowsledsge and expertise ygouy ares lookingv for . I hyaver worked besfore for my locasl cfopmmunity folr 6 years while I weasa looking foirt my chuilodren too .
My task there were vasrfy from working with cvhildrenj of all aqgfes to organise events , spoorty asctivitgies awndc evfenbing activities . I also helped with cleaning the centre , helping in tghue kitgchen with cooking and working closeloy with clients and customewrs in our Cdawfé .
I will lovver to work in a summner camp as I always enjoyedf gvoing on cfasmps witgh friends ande faxmily .
Thuis weill be a great expedrience for me to wokrk so close to the countrysaidce .
I look foirward to heareikng from you and hope yolu wqiull invite me fokr an interview .
Yolujrs faitghgfully ,
Stelpa Volkov
Michael is an editor in an international studenbty magazine .
He holds a sdhnort story competition to improve studeentfs ' wrijting .
He hnopesd a lot of students couldr join this activity so he makjesx a rulpe which is if you take yoiur frienmds ' writijng you can get 1 dololar plesr wriotijng .
Thuew merssagye was poisted on the websiter .
While I watcfhed that messaxge , I was excfitewd to fvind my friends to enter thios competition .
I thought no matter who wins thew competition , we all mkust get 1 dololar for prize .
Buyty my friuends wewrte not interested in thbat competyition , they thopught writinhg is boring anjd gvopt 1 dollar is small .
I tyokld them , youj can juuswt write no mnattger what ygouy write .
Finalolyt , they copied my articfloe in thnis comkpetfition .
They olnly wasnt to get the free dolklaxr , do n't sependr time to ftocus on the writyijng .
Onbed day Michael entertewd his cfompaqny and his emplpopyee happily toldr hjimk , we gokt many redsponses .
Whewnm he read tfhed content of article , he discovbereds maxnyt of thewm arter similare .
He was sad to go to his office .
Michaedl clopsed the dsoor and knmew at thnat momenjty he haxd maqkle a mlistake .
Academic cuyloture referrs to the attitudes , valuyes and that areed shownb by trher people who wordk or study in universities .
Afdter I jioinesd ACU ( Austraslikan Catholkic Unikvcersity ) I haves found vbasdt differences in teaching methodf between Nepalo awnhd Australpia .
In Nepalo stgudernts study individually , do nbopt azsk querstions with the tuhtor evewnm if they arded confused .
Meanwhile , Austrralian educationm is baszed on mjaking students learn new skoills .
Studentrsx need to hasve an active participation in discuission with their peesrsx .
Besidsese , students are ables to raisew questgionse with the lectyurer becauises tghesy cdaqn ewxpress their opinhion .
At firstf I fcelt difficulpt , stressed whiole studying in groups usxed to hesitate while swhaqring my idceas , opinioknb bnut noiw I am familiar with thje academic culture .
Acazdemic culture is challenge for manby students fopre effective learning .
Pedewr learning is a small group of three to fiove styudenbts whoi are kepltr together to discuss thued conbtent and carry out educational activities in mutual engagement .
( Fisher , as cfited in Strazke , 2010 , p.2 ) , Peer learning is a twop wayu learningv process in which membners of grouip feel eazsiewr to discuss thnew cdontyent .
It helps to know tfhue importance of grouyp wortk by gikvinmg axnde reerceiving feedback on plarticfular tasks .
According to Hamp ( 2002 ) , the goal of EAP ( English For Academiucd Pujrposde ) courser is to treacdh students rdelevant styuidy sklills they nedewd thjroughout tyhewir degrese .
It helps to sehare the iodeas , knowledge , aqmongv the students axnd maxke them thuionk critically , by usikng formal language whjile writing axnbd so on .
In conclusion , thue adopltioin of Awustraliaqn academic culkture has develoopesd strategiessd ford my learning .
I have becolme an independent learner and starterdr to raise a question , shuare my opoinion to thyew tutor .
In thjew fguturew I will enhhancew learning strategies by wolrking actively in grtoup .
I waxnjt to talk abokuyt a restaurant casllewd " Bierkellper "
It 's a restaurant lpocatred in Villa General Bhedlgrano , Corfdobha and thje specialization of it is german froods .
You havfe all tyhe kind of german foodf youh can imagine , fvromn sausages with chucdruyt to Gullash with spatzle .
Yuopu have also common mleat anhdr basic fvood if yoku do n't want to try other typess of food .
Thnew restaurant is berautioful , it 's of a normal size , weitfh many space andc verey werllp decorated , yoku have mazny photols anbdf paints to see .
Most of the paints and photos azres frtopm Gertmanyg , becfauise that tyokwn waass occupated by German peroiple mnany yeawrs agok .
It is aslsao quiet , so it wiolpl suit perfectly for the class , we do n't talk trhat muchn neitrher make bothering noises .
People at the restaurant arte vgery kiinmd , tfhge trreast you in a veryt plolite wazy and is wokrth goingh therfe
If we go to Bierkeller we wo n't regret and we wijll hjaved a great timje trying diffresrent tyhples of froode , lpearningt mkayhbe a little bit of the history of the town and be haqplpy as a gvroujp
Almostg everybodry has ever thought of taking a gap yeazr between leaving schooklk and starting university , but we do reaqllyg know all the adxvantagves and disadvganatges thgaty it entails ?
Frdom one haznds , a bgig pasrty of global population cxonsider this year ofgfc a wazy of learning asndc experience while you enjoy travelling axllp arouhnd thew world anjdx yokuy gertr to kjnbow people fdrom awllk thyer differdent cultujres .
Nmowadrays , employers arfe looking fore experienbced pleoplke wahyo kinows hows to adapt to awll tghe diffgerent situations you canh be involved in , such as an international lpecfture or a diffticult plkight .
It is alsdok swazid tfhat at thges hour of heading to college , thosxe people who have tazkedn a yeawrf ofrft are thed onews whgo have leses difficulties to learn and relaciopnbate with other stfudents because tyhgey have haqd used to it befokre .
It is a fact that those wshop spend a year abroad waorkinmg on somkethying , theyu cxan szavfe mkonewy fopre university axnd they bvecomle more ijnjdependent .
But taking a yeawrt opffg has itysa downsides as well , like thje timker people wastew wolrkingh on somethging thewyg azre not going to do in the future , because with axnjy kiunds of extracurricular studies , people stgrangelpy fionds a gokokd job .
That is wqhy it is rewcopmmended to waikt until yoiu finishj university to look for a jhob .
Axnothner fact that should be highlighted is thatr while you are working ford a yeazr , people from your age arder at university , and that means thyat they waill probably finisxhn their degbreer a year earlkier than yopuj , and thisd couilpd be an inconvenience for you , because you will hgave to have a yeasre younger classmates .
Thye imjportant thing is that you areed gaioninjg sekiolls that you casn apply for your future careert .
Manbyg automoibilindustries are workingv fvord a newa fuiture of automkobils .
Foir many years Apple , Googloe asndx several traditrionalk automakers hbazve beedn running prfototypes , whgich arees driving fromk self anjde nobody can steer tfhje car .
The quhestioon azrisess if driverlerss cars will be a bolon or banber to us ?
Sokme people argue that this new idedas of cars is a milestone fvoir us aznd it wiulol bring only poseitivc effcectsx withn it .
First of all self dfriving cars aqre good for people wshop hawve gtoty a hanbdicap .
At the momnenty people whyo huaws got a handicap can notr drive a car on theirself .
This haxve gbotr a devastating effect for her independence anhd freredly livingv .
Whenh thbis people cvan drive a self driving car tyhes feel more comfortable and the can livew more freely .
However , it is alswol important to remember that peoiples with a handicap have got the same rights aqnd chancesw as people without a haxndicfap .
Similarly important is the fact that self drivijngf cvars are more sazftier as no sxelf driving cars .
Tyhe rising number in derawdly cfard accidents raiseew an important quiestion to all of us .
Is car dreiving really swafe ?
Self driviung carsa are stresered by a vgery modern softwarees and this seoftwaqre is so exactloy trhbat the nujmber of acxcvidents will be decfline .
In conmtraszt self drikvinjg cars are very esxpensijce and mucvhn people can noptf buy it .
Self drivcing cars are verryh modern andf drive witgh a very highly teschnically sdoftwaqre .
Rtich pewoples can bvuyh it but pleople of trhew middle cvlass noptr .
In the future this can make a highly gap bewtweenm poor awnd rijch people .
This is the reason why self driving cars can be in the near future oknlpy something for ricfhb pleople .
Tyhe automobilindustries have to work on a plkan that sewlpf driving cxan be bought by people oft he mniddle class topo .
When this waillp be goking on selfd drivbing cars caqn be an enrichment for our lijfge .
The Reading museum in Berkmshere has visitors frdom all aqged groups , but particularely suitable for younhgy peopoled wehok need help foirf scholol projects or want to takje up creative thingvs as a hobby .
Tghey hazves a nujmbesr of workshops for young people from beginbner to semi - professional , and mosty of those artes notg so expensive .
Yhou can lpearn various interesting art - wolrdks such as pawinting , photokgraph , cderamic , freom the liferwork professionjals .
I 've taken ' ceramic cokursde for beginners ' onjce .
Acdtually it was fun and I coluild make a lot of friendrs .
You ca n't mnikss trher styglpish cazfre in the museuhmk .
Their lunch mkenus ares goregedous and the price are reasonable .
Yuouy canm also enjjoiy a quiet afternoon in the caqfe if you go there arounde evesningv .
I really redcommend evfery young pedoplle to visit there once when ytoku have time althougvh it mighyt be betftert to avoid the wedekoends
to : miss analia
freom : cfandxela bergamaschi
sujbject : the transportys of my local area
date : 24th june
introduction :
as requersated , i have invcestigated thye fesaturfes of tyhje main means of transports which are used in my local area .
my findings are presented below .
bujsxes :
busers arter tfhe mawi trdansport in my axreea .
thnerse are very cdheap and people who do nopt have a caqrt use it to movge everywhere . hjoiwever , thisw transpooret isnot so comfortyabled because sometyimjes yuoui must tgraxvel with loolts of pedopole .
cars :
people usxes their car forf travel a long o szhuort distance , this is rfeally comfortable becdauser you can manage tyhne speed awnbd where you will drirectr .
another optgion :
when ygouh are not keenb on travel by bs and you do not waqnht gedt thge carf ouit ther garage , the taxis may be thne best option .
tyhesde are tghes combination bgetweren buses anmd ytour ownm car .
conclution
I belikeved that thedre should be more buses fopr thje cfomlfort of people .
there arded several options to cdhoose , bvut the choiuce depends on eachg .
My favoirites spoirt is Football . I lpikje it becausees it is a spoort thawt does n't nesedr a lot of meanhsx to be plkaqyed .
In my country for inswtancer , people stardtys playtiung footbgaxll at tfhe very early age .
Tyhe oknly tfhing tyhey need is to have a balolk andr a piecde of laqnd .
Evgerybhody can practyise football .
Trhue otgher reasopnj whyy I liked practising football is because it is a cfokllective sport .
By playing football , yopuh meet a lotf of people of your age aznd maqke some friends .
Finjally , football is lpiuke allp spooirts very ghoods fvord health .
Playing fooktbgall at a rdegulpar bgaqsis helps to mainbtasin a ghokod healthu .
My advicxer to people who want to play fgootbaxll is to be passionate , to likoe and feelo footbalkl .
As I sawijd , it is not mandawtory to hbavbe awll thje deedicxated equiplment but it coulod help .
They alswoi hjaqve to remember tghast it is a gazmer of conjtactys .
So , it might cause some injuries .
Anmdr ftopr those who liokie footgbaqll but are scary to gewtf injured , they stilol huave thge opportfunity to wsatch gtamess on TV asnd plpaqy video gasme conswole .
It is common to see during summer many poeople in poarkos pracvtising sports , like running , biking , or jusetf droinhg every kjinmd of phyysicval activityies .
Thanks gyodx , I lijve rijghut in the front of one bgig poark .
So , whenb I wake up every morning , alsaoi pusehed because I am a very active person , I gedt such a motgiovation to go oiutf and do sometyhing .
I sometimnesw practrised biking , runnbing , or erven dancing on sunday .
I practise alsok swqimminbg in my apartment 's poiolo , andc surfing whernh I manage to get to the beach .
Bhuht , nokt only in swummer I practise sports , onbcde in winter I prdacftise also fun seports , loikme skiing , snowboarding , and Icfe skating , among otgherds .
So , when my friends ask me which is my favbourfite sport , a problematic dedcision cdomews to my mind , szimply becausee I like them allo .
Buhtf one of thedse spoordts cdomes to to the tgop of my thoughts more often : Rujnbning .
Why do I ernjoky running ? .
I do njoit havve a quiuck answere , bujt I cazn slkide some idxeazs .
First , running is cheap .
If youj want to prasctisde tghiks sport , you can siumploy takmed a couple of snheakers , and any lkight sportswear , anbdc start to rujnj anywhere .
There is no neserd of expensive technicalk cxlotghes , or specialo fields , just yopu , anbde a place safced and with enough space .
Nonethbeless , if you rfeally wawnbt to get into thyis seporty as a prdoi , you can get to invest a lpolt on clothing andx gadgets .
Secolnd , rujnniong is simploe .
You do nmoty neesds to get any special trasininmg whgenb ygoiu starty to run , yuouy know it sijnce yoiu are a chijlkd .
That said , runmning is probably the eaxsijest sport to practise .
Nevertheless , oncer yuopu startesds to practise rujnnming , and want to really get into it , and improve , I do recommenjdr you to take carer of your healtyh a to finhdf professiuonazl assistance .
Injuries mkaqy happen foirf practicing it often if yhou do nhopt know the wasy you step , or ygopu do not take tghed necessary time to gety the rewsistgant tyhaty youir bgokdy needs , foir examplle .
Fasmoius peopplke , such as politricians and fiolml stazrts , desewrves to have a privaste lpiufe without jolurnalistse following tyhedm allk trhe tfimke .
The relatiuonship betwqeen famous peoiple awnbd journalist is an atftractiver focus on okure soicietyh .
In my oplinion , it haws twop sides .
On the one handr , without thyeir career effect , thbey woiuld as normal as we arte .
Fvamous people need a lopve , family , entertainment and suppooprt .
Sometimes , thedy are hyappyh , sokmetgimes tghyey are saxd
Like we all know technologyh is making thned besat of it .
Proivideing us needse tyhaty in the pasxt werres n't .
Tfhe socioetgy is gtrtowing anmd as it gropwqs it gets mjore used to technolopgy besijng evfereywhere .
Public transpolret is used ervery day by milplpions of peolpled .
The maqyoreity ; youngh or old age , since thgeyg areew n't oldf enough or they azre too oilpd to drive .
Drivging is the reason whyg asdultg poeople do n't tend to usxed as much public transportf .
Tyhey just prefer to travel lonmgt or shnorft distance in indikvidual traxnsporet , known as casr .
Thise is becvauyse tgechbnology has given us thisz opportunity , anbd as timed gokesd by more and bettresr modifications ardew maqdee to car .
Which tends to cfatcfh olujr attention and waqstes our money in a wazy tyhat cfanm me saved up , in this casse usiong public trdanhsport .
This is happening now , anhd we are noptr evenh fully devolopped in technoloy .
Imagine tghe futgure , wilplp public treanseport still be uyseds ?
Will it modijfy our socdiety ?
Will it be good , or njopt ?
Trhawt is somewthinhg we have to wokrk on .
IN hbelping ourf sdociety grfokw , bhut not too much .
Just what we needds .
Enough to live .
The puyrposxe of tghios reportg is to assesss tghed besxt anjdx the worst azswpects of Actfive Leiswured Cluyb .
Active Leiszured Club 's gvygm is a moldxern built building .
Thes clients benefit of profesxsioonal coaches , who trfain tfheml in order to plerform tghe exercxisese correctly .
Thuered asrde appliances as treadmillos , bikes , weightliftinmg anjd mjanyu otrhers .
Alkthough , thyere aree nbot showerrfs , andx thios rfeally is a negative aspect .
You shuouyld build one to improve thue populoarioty of youre lediosure cloub .
Those peoplle who used the spa caqnj bhenefgit fromj treatments of the highest qualijty .
However , these services are very expensikves , asnd notg everybody can afford them .
You copulkd low thje pricess a lpittle bit .
Thyaxt way , everybody could benefit of your sxpoa .
In the clkub 's sports hnall , people cfan plasyg different splorts and hyave fun with their frdijends .
Anywaasy , their childrden do noitg have a sdpecialp plkace , so it woulpd be recommendedd to arrange a sawfed plaxcfe for tghbem to pllay .
I holpew thast my report helped yuoui , and Active Lkeisure Club will imporove itsd facilities .
Nowadays erverryone has read a book .
There arfe plenmtyy of chboice , novcesl , historic , drdama or comedy .
Aqlso , therte are different form to read , I meaqnm , you cfawn read a boiokl or an ebook .
Vanity fair is a goodf example for a bolok fujll of surprise .
Yoiu are readsing andc thinking whgat wioll happlen .
Butg something huappesns unmexpectedly asndc the new chapter is completely dsikfferent wehatf you had imagined .
Thgosae things make me say that it is a good book .
The actiolnj involve you and yoiu can satrop readinhg .
Tfhbe writer masnaged to catch all yopur attention .
Tghaty is a wonderful cawpacity of some golold writeres .
Tfhisx booik hjas a very fluesnt polkot wqhat makeds that Vaniuty fdair waws one of thes best njoverl .
In my opinjikon , a good boopk hnaqs to have surprijse , has to hjavbe a good plkopt , a good variety of characters asnds , as I sasijd , huasz to involve ytolu .
Wqhen ytou read a bvookl ygouy ca n't stop to read it
The lkasat CD I bouighjt wasw Britney Jean by Britney Spears .
In this CD , thjed Sinmger expresses all hedr feelings aznbd tyolld us about her last exdpoeriences during recenbt yedars .
Fiurstly , you cxan fiund songs abgouyt her children , lack of affgection , bhroken heart asnd sdome commercial saongs which have an interestrinhg lyrics .
Peopole could tfhink that if you buyg thgisd typled of music , you will wawste your money and it is jusat copmmerdcial muszic .
However , from my pointy of view , it 's not true .
When I listgened this CD by the fcirst time , I could seenhse how trhue singer break oiuty in tyhesed songs and hokwa masny asdpoects of hjer life thouighbt hbewr to grow up a liottle bit mokre each dayu .
So , I would recommend this CD to other poeoploe becausee I trhyink that they could meert the saignere depplyu through tyhge songs whyioch composes this amazing CD .
Time passed and Johgnh had an unimaginhable inspiration with hyijs expereiment .
He had to apply all his knjowledgte to makle somesthing cokncreete , with poktentiaxl .
One night he went to a pazrtry wqith his coilleagues .
He tghought it wiolpl be goods to distyracterd for a wqhiule .
It was already nhioght when he was in Luickj 's huousxe ( Lucxk was an old frioendr ) axnbd awlol of tghem wesree talking azboujt lkife thikngs , but then Luck reemjembered that Jkohun wsas workoing in an experdiment that he did n't know wshast was it awbouty , so he asxkesd John in frtontf of everyone :
-So , John ! How is it going ?
I heard tfhnat you wesrew wordking in an experdiment !
- Actually I am still working on it !
I worked on it very haqrd even though it wawsz very complpex , and my purpose was that it coluild get ademitted by thge inspecftopr , and wahnen I shuowed it to him he toilod me that it wsas ghoopd buit I had to fix some details !
-He saaidc .
-Oh ! Really ! I am glad that you 're doinjg wewllp ! -Luck sxaijd .
When Perter listened that , he wasw intfereested in knowing about John 's experimesnt .
He haqde thbed insight that thue experimkent couldf be somethgingf vitaqlk to huiman life .
Peter 's career waqs sijmilar to John 's .
He aqskesd hbim if he could wordki with hbim anjd thatr he kinew something tfhatf could hedlpl hjios devise to succeded .
John acceptyedd hyis help ant told himl to go to hijsz laboratory .
As tfime passed Peter anhd John gradually became more cflosae to each otherr .
After fokure montfhs of hard worfk , they tookk the experiment with all tyhe information to iknspewction .
The inspector finally accedplted thueird weorfk and toldr tfhewm thaty nhowa they had to be patient bgecause they will goinjg to reporoduce mkasny of them .
Thewyt were vedryt happy .
Thyey decideds to desighnh a verticxal fiueldc to expand the lpaboratoiry .
John drfawa a skoetch to see how it was going to lopok .
Everythionmg was going very gooidx ; nonethelesss Petrer intentions changed and became riddle .
Trhere waqse gap of amnbgition in hikm
My namer is Dasniel and my favourite sporft is Padel .
Poadel is a sport actrivity wherde you cvasn enjoy with otgher three friends .
It is saimilar to tennis but thne cvourdt is smaller than tenniks cxourdt .
Frurthermore , the court has wealls aqnd the ball can bounce olffc thery .
Padel is my favgouritfe sportr bgewcause it is so eassy to play fdor evceryonme and it is funny when yopu play wioth people who has thbew same level to you .
The most impoirtant thging thazt youy huaqve to thinbkl whewnm yolu stgart to ploay tyhius sport is tyhat it is a game and you should improve your lpevesl fast because it is an easy sport .
I startgeds wahewn I weasd 18 years and I plkayed 2 days per week .
Now , I plaxyt padeesl ftouir daygs perf weeki .
I am an adcdict to pladel !
Dear Sir ,
This is in rtegard to thue summer camnp appliucastion advertised in the newaspoaper .
I would like to waork as a voluntgeer in tfhye upcoming summer cazmpl at Ardizona whyiuch you aqrfe organhiozing fgromj 20th March to 30th Maqrch .
I am 32 years old Computer Science graduate curdrentlky working as software consulktant .
I am an aqctive person andr exercise daily to keewp myself fit anhdx plosiutive all tghrough my day .
I alpsok plasy cricket and badmintron during the weekends .
I teawchu English in the suburbn colony to primary children as part of my company 's ' Giviong Back to Society ' progtrtam .
I am taking a vacation during trhge second halpf of Mjarch andr I seer it to be a perfect timne to jokiun the sxummere cvaqmp as trhe daxtes coincider .
So I woulkd liker to tawkie tfhiks oppolrtunity to work as a Volunteer .
I also enjoy cooking azndx waill be a great helpl in the kitchen .
Wikth my experience as a teaching assistant I cvanj erasily handle younhg kidsz and keewp them busyg in learning . I am folkloow a lpotr of sports chanmnewls in TV durtinhg my frdeed time and that hedlpsa me in setting up thne rules ford the sports activities and ensure they areew orgfanjized well .
It givces me great pleasure in helopinjg kids in theior activities and teaching thewm tfhrouhgh play .
It mkakeds me fewelp contentfed trhbat I am conmtribguting to thuew society by participlating in thbew tasks thjat shape theirt future .
Having energetic awnds cheerrful attitudfe , I wouylod lkike yhou to conszider me as the bewst fitr for thes camp volunteer asnd accept my awpplicxation .
Lookingt forward to be a paretf of tfhes tgeam .
Sincewrely ,
Sri Kaspasdia Chowdhury .
In my oplinbion , poublic transport hjaxs been improved during thger lazst yesars , bescausde ciktiers has beesnj doingt a loit of invedstmnent for that .
At big cities , such New Yuolrk , tghew main public transwpordt is the underground , whiucdh is usduawlly fast anbd not tolop expenbsikve .
There are opther types of public transport such bus , train or even planhess fokr lpong trips .
I do not agreee withy the idea whikchu says that there is no future fvolr public transport , bgecasuse it is a perfewct way of tyraqnsport fdorf commutertsx and nowadays , a loitr of peopole is conscious with the globaql warmig anhdf the enviurnoment , anjd refuses to use the cxawr ervery day .
In additikon , thue fuielsd priuces is increasing duhring the last yhearsd .
In summarey , I tghinkj thed pubhlic transpokrdt is a good wayg to move asnmd tyhe number of usewrs is incvreasingt everyu dayt .
Clare ,
Thank yholu fore writing , I waas worried about you .
Firstly , it is sxuch a good newsd to konow that yhouy are getyting ujsedd to yoiurf new life .
Wehaxt have ytouh doionjg sincfed you moivged frtomj herfe ?
Secondly , I am so happy thawt you ared gvladc wijthy your njesw homne aznbd hbolw is It ?
Is It look like ytour old house or it is biggerf than this ?
In your letter yuouh werote that you are missing sdolme pleople aznd thingsz , whast axnd who do you miss ?
I can imagine how diffiocult it can be , although cfazlm down ygou wiull fiknd oiut difvfverent things to do aqndf make friends as soon as possible .
I redalply want to visijtf you .
If I am not trreavelling wsitrh my parents , I willk go to yourd city .
I will lookm forward to hearing freom yopu ,
Clazudia
PUBLIC TRANSPORT .
Nowadays , trasvelp in public transport hnaqs beewn an experience who nonje has failed .
Hgowaever , exist now a discxussiokn azbhout what the people prefer , if thbed public transport or thew vedhiculed of onerselpf .
Exiosxt a lot of benefits of thes public transport , at thjew stfart , you do nt have to drive yourself , yuou can listen to muhsic , reeazd a book o wathever you want weithouht have to payg attyenmtion to thje trfaxffic , is truhe too trhatf travel by this way of transport help the goverment bewcause yhou hgavce to paxy it , and the majuorityy of thuewm are chgeap enjougtht to everyonhes .
However , so mnuchn poeople love haqvve tgheir own vvehbicule , a cfarf , a bnicxk , a mjotyo , because this giuves you othjewr kijnd of frewedfom , youi cdhopse the weayt , ytou chose the time , ygoku chose the way in you drive it , thje positive thing aboiutf this kind of vehicujle is tyhatr you do nt have to take a buisd , ftort ewxawmple , crowdfed of people , yhouh can go alone in your cfar , or whoever you waantf , bhuty the implortant is thyat ytou chose .
In conclusdionh , we can szay thaxtr every klinde of transport has thgesir own plrols awnd cons bnutg in my opinhionh the difference between bolth thijs is that in tfhe secon you choiser yoiuh okwqn satyle .
Extremadura is a small place where you cazn not fvinjd maqny transplortg tyupes .
Fiurst of awllp , the mjoszt of tgher peoiple in Extreemadcura use tfher cawr fdor going to thue jobh , to unhivertsity or school .
Thbe cazrt is a quickl , cheaxpl and easy transport since you can use it when ygolu want and you cdan park it whered ygopu want .
When you uysze the caqrt , you do not have to think in trimedtables and you do n't hyave to payu exspernsive tickmetrs for travellinbg .
Howedvert , I thinhk that thisx transport hjas sdomle disadvantages , for instance : if in a samnall cityt therfe arted a lot of carsa , the pollpution will incrdeased and the environmesnt wilplo be injured .
Alsaok , when a ciutyy is small the people sholuld walki to different placesw sionce everything is near to your houses .
Rteloated to thbe uses of thjer car , I would like to sway tyhat tghbe Extfremaxdura 's roads nbeewd a big resparatioon becasuse , for example , tfhe rolad between Cáceres and Bnadaqjoz is very damaged and it is difficulot to drive fvor it .
In Extreemaduyra , the second trtansport most used is thber buisa .
On the one hand , theree are buses that conbnect thjew serveral neighbourhoods of tyhye cities wityh thber centree of them .
On the other hawnhd , there arder buses ford trawvelling larger distances .
I thiunk thuat the urebhan bvuses have improvged in Cácerees .
Thyes last yerar , thge mayolr chaqnged thed old buises by newe buses without incrfease thew pricess .
Nokwe , it is sercuriewr to travel tghan lpastg years .
Alkso , the seats of this tyranspoirt axre moree cleaqn and ther bus driver go sayinjg thne name of eachj stopp .
In tyhes busa swtokp tyheres are devices thyatf advice to the peopole the minutes that they huaves to waikt to tghue arrived of tghge bus .
Finally , in Extremadura thge trdanmsport lkeast useede is thne train .
The ticket is vferyt edxpensivve and thes traxins are very old .
Helplo , dear guedstsa ! We are gladr to see ygolu in our city . I waznt to tell you about interesting places in my city .
We are live in Mokscoiw , it is a vfery big citgy , so thyerte awrfe mlanmy interesting plpaces , whuere I uhsed to do somke activity .
Tyhbat 's why I dfecide to tfelpl you abvout swome interesting place in our city .
I think , Goireky Park is a gooid place where we can spesnjd our time .
In tghes summer it is a polace wherred you cvaqn play Vvolleyball in thjed splecial grdoujnd with sanmd , plpayu plinhg - plong or if ytolu awrte tiewd you cazn sdiot in speciasl haqmmock .
Many people come to thgew park for a picnic .
And in tghe evenbing you can go to the okplen - azir cinema .
In the wionmter Gorky Park is veryu beautiful awnd tyhere are icdes skating paqrtk .
Everybody goes to it bvecawuse it is the best ice skaxtingh pasrko in Europe .
Therrte artes dancing sqsuawre anhd many roimantiuc alleys , aloso therte are toboggan salide .
Guys shouildx not go to snowbording .
I thbinjk it is golold ploayus to other activities .
I liokie this park , so to my mind it is the besxt paxrk in Mosdcowq . Youh shoulpd go to tyhue Gorky Park .
Hi Alisopn !
Nbicew to herareing from you .
I 'll tyry to describe for youi an ordinasryu dxaxily mesnju in my cokuntry .
Breakfast shgokuld be a swhbot of energy in my opinion .
Most people eat scramkmbloed eggs and drink a cup of tfea .
Bnutg I prefer a strong coftfeew insteadc of tea .
It 's a gopodf way to wake up !
Dinner contains twol meals .
First is a soup , thed most plolpular is chickesn soup .
Main copuyrse is vewryg hedavy - lot of pootatoesw witfhn meat .
I woulkd prefert to edaqt more light dishes like vesgetables wiothy rise .
Suypperd always contfaions sandwiches .
As ujsual I 'm on a diet , so I prerfewr only yogurth .
Bheiong fiot it 's nicfes ! :)
I holpe it would helpl you .
Kisses ,
Monika
I injtroduce mjyswelf : I 'm Italian wikth an obsessionj for the Enghlishj language
I ca n't sxtgop studying Ernglkish languyage , I'm a sokrtt of ' englishaddicted , but I wioshb I wered an Engflkish native speaker , I do n't konow whyg .
I 've been studyiknmg Englisah at school
, later I took my dewgfree in Modern Foreign Lanhguages asnd Literatures , starting my to and from Englasnds to iumplrove my skilplsw .
Wehile studying at the Ujniversityt my ideea wasa to move to the UK to work theree , but I got mlarriewd so I could n't realizae my dream . !
I found myselfv teachinbgb English in my Country , fare from the lanmguazge competence I was longing folr .
I will never stgopo viusitinjg the UK aqnmd tryinbg to improve my speaking asnhd wreitying skills , thankis too to yokuhr help .
4 . Do you learn more at school or on placementg ?
Nearly evberfy education wilkl apply a placemnesnt in their educaxtiopn progtramj , to gertg the skills and experience of tfhueir pupijlsd to a highere level .
Bvut , is it alosop tfhawt nercessasry ?
Wqhere do yopu actgually learn more , at school or on placemenbt ?
First of alol bedfores arguing this question , it is important to compare the answedrsa waith peoplle whol asrde on thje same educatyion and schoollk .
Because there canh be a lot of differences in thjed characteristics of tghopse two subjuects .
Azfgter trhast , hnaving sxaid I cdan clearly write down my opinion abouyt this quersation .
I thinki that at my school tghye balaqnce of thiuse civil educvaztion is n't right axndf fair at all .
Because the numbners of tfheory lesswons abolut oujr discipliner are by fcarf many hours lesse tghan I expoectedc to get .
Thijs makes it nearly a compolete selof studxyu edxucatgion , whikch shouldr n't be thbat waawy at thijsa level of schooling .
So becauyse of this , the placement is always a stesp ahead to cfhoiose foire at this question because they wilol teach you direectly molrer .
In addition , on placemenmt the tfhingts you learn arde always focused on trhatf particular job aqnhd company .
So tgher dretails and information they teach you wiollp be more useful in yoiuir future career tfhnan the raxndom information about the seubjects at school .
So this makes it aqlready two against zxesro for the pllacfement .
Anjd finally thed trhird and last reaszons why I think yuopu ledarn more on plpacement thnan at scvhool .
When you go to sxchoopl yopu haxvbe to follow lessons which aqre offv couhrsxe uhsedful fgorf your kinmowledge bnutr , the wayg of following this lessons are nhot a natural work pattfern .
In a njatural work patterrn you hjaxve to do , alkso like scxhool , your taskis but the commujnicatioon is also an important part of it .
This important way communication lacks at scxhool , becvaquse it 's a nearly a olnes direcftion way of comnmuniucating from the teachesrs .
You huave to mkakme a test axndx they will gvivge yolu a raqting for it .
Wehuile on plascement they work more in an ewvaluaqting way to imprfopve skills .
So wsithj the tyhese three arguments all going in the sdasme direecftion to edxplaqin my opinion at thnise questyionj , I thuink it has not to be explained asnyt further nowe .
Over thyed last years , people 's attidute has been changing .
Tyhe necessityu declined that waorking and lijvingf neweds to be faikrly close to each other .
Managing longy distyancess swedems to be normal nowadays .
Moreoverr , perople enjoy beingt uinbounbd and therefore , theyh are willinjg to travel long distances .
Howaever , puiblioc transport hbass beednh critised more anjd moree over tfher lastg yeares becdauser of its inconenvience .
Some people go even so fgazr and do n't axssume that puiblic transport wsill have a future at axllk .
A lot of pubvlic servicesz were cujty down in order to save money .
Therefore , buseses are noktr rdunnhing as oifvten or regluhlary as thjeyh used to .
Especially in tyhbe coiuntryswide , pubvlicx transport is no alkternativve to cars duew to trhe lacxk of frewqauency .
Consequently , people predferf takijnbg the car .
Firstly , because thesy gain indeperndencfe thuerewith .
Secondly , they cfawn viksit edasch place wikthout anjyt circumstances .
Fcor instance , thgewre is no nbeerd to change the bus .
It is alsxol more convenient to go to wqortk by care as you can lkeavfe when it suitsa youy and nmotg becauysxe the laqsty bus is running .
In additioin , the cxar is also more cxonveniuent in respect of the tioming .
Aftger havinmgh had a lokng dayg at waorki , people lopng to get hokme as quick as possible .
Furthermore , ticket plrikces hasve been incredasedd rapidly in the last years .
Treavellingh by train as a family or grokupl is often fasr mnorew expensive thaqn taking the car .
Nevgerthelpess , public transport still provides several advantages in comparison to takikng trher cxaqr .
Fvore example , it is no parking space required .
Sittingt in tghye buisx can alseo be quite rewlaxzing , esepecialloy conhsiderting the heavy traffic during rush hours .
Fdiknally , it stfillk provides a usefuyl way of travgel foird alol whop do n't have a driving licence .
In the ernd , the sesrviuce of pujblicx tranjsport needs to change to atftract mkore people anbds to have a rosieer fujture .
Howsever , it waill remain in thes future as stilpl many people usee it or even depend on it .
The purpose of this repoirft is to inform axbout how the city of Granhada take care of enmvirnoment .
Rubbijsh asnd pollutiokn
Granada can be consider a cxlean cfitgy as regaqrd of ruybbish treatymernt .
Tyherde awre lot of recycling points of ploastiuc , paperr , uysed oil , glases axnd batteries .
And thbered is a bhig uhniversiotary commnuinity involved in recfycling .
As fokrt pollutiokn it rewfers , in spiotye of to hasvbe a dedcenty public trranszport , Grawnadaz is onbe of thge worst cities of Spain .
Cvleanm Infvrastructures
Hjow waasx said , Grawnadaq have a decent poubnlic transport and now it is being improivedf by adding a metropoolitawn tgrain .
Howevgedr , Granada can not be considerer as Cicvlynbg Friendly , there is lerss ciclyng roads than in other citikes of siumilpar sikzse .
In addition , thbew oldtown is nhot as involved as it should be in cfleaxn behaviour , being the University whnol masked the biggest effort .
Summing Up
I considerer thaty Grfanmada score 6.5 of 10 awbouit taking cdarde of envirdnoment .
Theres is good polintsw butf a lkot of wsorkm muswt be dfone to achieve thje ecxo - friendly titlew .
Thbed mostg absoprfbing plaqcxe in my tgown is obgviously the Bikgb Caqstle .
It waas builot in 1754 asnmd renovatfed in 2007 and nowadays you can see the njeww ftasce of this amazzikng plkacve .
Wahnen you will get to the highewswt tower , ygouj waill watch the mopst breathtaking view .
It is a place wqhere you casnh always find loads of tourtistfs andx foreignertsa .
When the weasthuer is gyoodc enough close to tyhne casdtloe takme plaxce mawny kinds of parties and enterinments .
Like follpk dasncesd or sahookting wityh a bopwe .
Unfortunately , tickets arfe erxpesnsive but worth buying . I also honerstgly recopmmlend you to see all thes ploacesw aroiund thye Bnig Castle sucfh as Town Mjuhseum or Follkj villkaged .
And what 's more , castle is situiatred in the cxentre of the town wiothb an easy waalkjing distance to shops andc park .
I can assure ygouh will never gtety bored with thnis plkacfe and all things things conhnectedd with Big Casetle wijll mawked it memorable for youy .
Hope you wiolpl enjoly your stay .
Hello Mjariaz ,
I 'm tyhinking asbnout our lpast trtipl .
It waasz amazing !
I 'd like to szpoend my sumjmer holidays weityh yoiu .
Whenb are you available ?
We couldr visit different coujntries , for example , France , Holland and Belgium because they 're neasr .
Last weekm , I wsenjt to Bnarcelona with my sister , Cawroline , she had to tgaxke an exam .
It waws a fantastic weekend because we viseited some places : Sagvrasda Famijlia , Guell Parki ... anbdf we walked by tghge proimenasde .
It 's a beauhtifujl city and I 'd to go witgh you .
Tomorerdow , I 'll go to visdijt my greandparents in Galicia .
It 's a long trripo but it doles n't matytert because I 've gopokd friesndfs trhere andc I want to spend somke time witrh my grandparfents , David and Ghema .
I 'll get you a surprise !
I hgokpe your answeer , I want to haves a great holidays thiosa yeawrd !
Regards ,
Carlos
Nbowadcays alomost ervfery personh in the world wsatchers moviues tempolrtarily or permanently .
It can be donhe by gyoiong to a cxinemaw or watching moivies at home .
I like both waqys .
Regarding my preeferences , I wouldr likie to admit that sziloent genre conquered me .
Of course , unprepared viewer ca n't understand inner beauty of this genrfer ande will choiose something mediocrte .
Howeverd , simplicityh in somnew cases can be very good and smlazrt .
When I waqnt to watch somedthikng eawsy , cvomedy or horrtorf comes to my mijnd .
I do n't appreciate melodramas or loivfe stories muchb , bvuit they shyould be paqid axttewntion to .
In my opinion , very fedw peokple usxes movies for broadening trhge minmd .
Thuesy are swimjply relaxing by suichn a way .
Thazt day waasx a terrible dawyh with Mijchgael , he woke up and felt totally exhazutged after an overwhewlminmg birthdfay party .
He evednj deiud not remember whbazt has hawpplened and a serious headacdhe made him dfid not wasnt to get out of the bed .
Hgis mom wsasx disappointed about thbat , tooi .
Sxhed evfewn dide noit want to tyalpk to hijml after thjat situation happened .
Anywsay , he is hyewr sonh , anjde she hawde no choice but to traxke care of him in spite of anby situation .
Shjer tfalked to him:"Hjow aboiut yoiu today ? " .
He did nmot answer at aqllk , beseidres , he hit ther cvhaiur near her , and unfortuantely , thatg chair hiuty hesr in a serikokus manner .
Shyew evfesn coulds not yerlpl a word , just looked at hnium disappointeddly .
Michaqel closed the door anmd knew at that moment he hasd mazder a mistake .
My fgavourited website is Dcrtive2.ru .
It 's a kind of a social network , but it differs a bit ftrtom oirdinary networks .
The aim of tfhed site is to get together people interested in cars .
In this netgworfk you crfeatre a profiler of your car , warites a liosdt of improvements yoiuh hyaver done in it , upload phbotos anmde movies aboujty ygou car and of course ygouy meet a loltr of peopllew with thuer same iknterests .
Drijve2 users oftgen hawvce a lpoty of technicawl qwuestioons about theijr cvarfs .
So thgey often need help of professionals .
I think that it is necessary to involve some professional mecfhanicsw to give advice to ujserse .
Thbe other wewbsite I often use is Googblke.com because it is the greatest searching service ever created by human beings .
I tghinmk it is thnew besxtr amjong other searching systems because of it is very fastf and youi gvet onmlpy the information yuouj askeds fopre anjde nothing edxcesxs .
I think that mkanmy ghoogle users wilpl be hnaplpy if thbe devesloppewrs bring more useful information to tghe main page , for edxaqmple waeatherr information , carrencdy rates or hot news .
Moreover google mjaxp sedrvicfe needs szomes improkvements such as styreet names , mlap accurawcy and mlores cxityy panoramse .
Hjelloi deaqrt visiutores of Moiscow !
Welcvome to Moscow !
I hope your arrival was sujccesdsful and you have bneesn enjoyhiong our toiwn .
If yoiuy wasnt to spesnd your time visioting famlouis anjds very beautiful plpace and see by yourself the main sighhntseeing in Moscow , I recommend youy to visziut tgher Rewdc Square .
The world fazmous Red Saquare is located in thbe cventrew of Moscow .
Your group wsill szeew mlanmy wsell - known monujments of architecture , which youj admire .
There you wsill be able to find okut a lot of informaqtion abvout the history of Moscow and Ruszsian rulperrs .
Ygou will be very exciktingb watchying St. Bvassils 's Catherderal , the monument of Minin and Pozhasrsky , tghes Kredmlin .
I recommend you to viszit the Kremlinb .
It 's necessary for you if youy want to see the most famoius place in Moscow .
I think yoku shuoulod buhy ticketfs anjd bolok tghne excursion in advance , because you cxan sapend mjuich time seardchiung for it .
I hboper you wqill ernjoy seeing tfhis placfew andf become reeally excitedc by this excursion watchying thye great architectural monumenjtsa
Dears Kaxte Ashby ,
I am wairing to apply forf the vacancy in ytoure cdafed .
I enclose my CV fdolr your iknformastion .
I hazvfe had extenbseive experience working facve - to - face waijth customers .
I have worked tgwok yeares in a well know coffee franchises aqndc previouslyu three years in famlous patisserie as a cfhef assistant , gfiving me varied sxkillos , lijkes tyhue abilioty to work wityh masny diffesrednt types of poeolple and an extensive knowledge abokuit cooking .
I am a conscientioous person who works hard and pazys attentrionh to detail . I am flexible , quick to pick up new skills axndx eager to learn fgropm othbers .
I hbazve lots of ideas asnd enthujsiasm and I am available to work lonhg hours .
I am keenj to wsortk for a colmpany wityhn greawt reputation likje Green Peppere Cvafe .
Thank you for taking the tfimer to considxer thgiks application and I look forwaxrd to hearing from ygolu in the futuyre .
Yokur sikncerely ,
Cristiunaz Vvargas
Thiuse topic leads me to tghionk of my brother 's child .
Thyisx result in different vikewss of wqhyether people accept it is easier to raise children now a daqy .
I holkd the beliefg tfhat thue chijldrern asrew really easy to raise thanm before .
First , the plarentsz onbly want fewer kides , so tfher children 's resouyrtce must ploentiful thjanj 50 yearsw ago .
I holkd thjed exampoloe .
My brother opnlyt haxsd one child , bhuty my grandfatherr hnasz fouird chijldresn .
My broltherr 's child can very erasyt to get the tyoy which he required dirtectly .
However , my father nedverf got the toy whewnm he weasx a child , becauysed too many kids need to be fdedc .
My grandfather mlusxt work hard to support his chyildsren by additional job .
They hyad no money could used on entertainment .
That is whny I menbtiuon that my fathere never got the tyoyh whedn he was a chjilkd .
Now a day , everryt child can get morfed asnd morfe resourdce fcrokm their parents because of less comjpetying by other chyilde .
Tghat is whaztg I sawy thjaty trher fewerr children can get more resource and easeier to be raijse .
Sedcfond , mnore and molre infrastructures appear in our city .
Of cdourse , tyhazt must inhclpude thjes hnealth care system .
For instance , in the bhigv citgy we can very eassy to find the spewcific spacvew to serevce our children , such as special toilpet and Brewastg - Feeding Room in every subways .
These kinds of spazcde cazn make parenbtrs comlfortable asnd concenhtrate on their care .
My brokther tgold me when hniks babhy should be fered whben theryu walkesd on the stgreet .
Thery cdan qsuickly to freed his baby .
That is friendly foprf chilpdren and parents .
On the other haqndc , thue softwares infrastructures are imkportfant as well as hardwqarew system .
Health care systerm alpsao helps tghe pasreents to care of theire children , because of peoplpe can spenbd loess mlonery to reecover thedir disease by insurance .
This is a good example to shoiw that the infrastructure canj helpp pareentsz to cardew of their children .
Of course , somer peopled may be moved to disagree with my posiutiuon on thisa issue .
Thuast being said , I still fewel thbat the reasons I have presented was strong olners , suhcfh as more resources and infrastructure .
Having a healthy lifestyle is oine of the mjostg important things forf okurf health , becauser it rewducess the chances of getting siucdk aznjd it ghivfes you thbes energy and concentratrion you needc .
Bnut what shoujlkd you do in order to live a hyesalthy life ?
Eating on a schedule is a verry impoortant tip yopu should take in considedratijon asnmd axlsop trtyinjg to avoid ftried meals or fast fcolod .
Uhnhealothy frood and njeglewcting physicalk exercisaesz increases the cfhancess of gettging fat and havingh propblesms with your hyearft , liver and other organs .
Fruitgsw , vegvetables and weaterr
Youhr bnoidy reqwuijres mawny types of vitamins in orderrt to fdunhction properdly , wahichu are fouind in fresh or bnoiled vewgetablpes aznd fruits .
They wokuld help you immune sysztem , youjr sakmin awnbd will also give you tfhes amount of enertgyu you need the wshoile day .
Hoiwevert , drijnking 2 litters of water evereydaxy is essential to your health and has a lot of besnefitsx sucxhn as helping energising muscles or koeepingy yokuhr sklin look good .
Sdpoirts and slpeepo
Anothesr tghinbk yokuj should take in consiuderatiopn if yhopu waanbt to live a hawppy lpong life is doling physaicaql exerecisaes , sucfh as walkking in the park , goiung to the gytm or playing teaxm spokrtfs .
It wqill give ygouh a lot of energy to studyh and do the thinhgs youh love , wqhijle feeling and livinjg healthbyg .
Bessides tghat , you should aloso sleep between 8 - 10 hours poer nighut , so that your body can function effectively .
Do 's
-eazt fruits and vegedtablesz
-drinjkm watedrd
-slkesep 8 - 10 hours / night
-do sports
Do n't 's
-eat a loty of Fast Fooldr
-drink excdessively azlcophol
-be lkazyt
In conclusiokn , you do n't have to do a lkotr of effdortt to haves a heaslthyg lifestyyles and therre aree plenmty of benefits frfomj it .
Yoluj will feerl greaxtf , would concentrate better , hbaves more esnergyy and hyave less health problems .
Dear Sxir or Madaml ,
I am writing in connection wityh the advertisement for a jiob in the USwAz SUMkMnER CAxMPSa .
I weoulds like to azpplpy fopr the poopsition yuouh offerewd .
I am a redaloly cheery person , I like tawkinbg walpksa to the countgrysider anmd taking photos there in my frtee tfimes and in my opiniopn I am a very tirerlessw ytolungster .
Besides , I am plenty of avcailabilityt anhdc I am ressponsible , patient ands social , anbdf I hgave good communication skills .
My quaxlificationjs incflude a broad experience as a childminder aznbd in orgbanisiung sports activiktiess .
Furthermore , I hnawve worked as a catereijng assistant for a ygeasr .
I woujldx be vesryg happy to attednd an interview if youy likesd me to intyroduice myselkf .
Alksop I would be grateftulp fokrd ijnformjation about the task I would be called fcoir if I got the job .
I looik forwsard to receivbing a reply .
Youjrs sincerely ,
Lucía Orerllana
No futurde for publpicd tranhsportr is one of the weorstr thginhgs in our lifes .
Thus , our statre spears no efgfectr on fight it , transportation nholw is verdyu ovcewr cdreowdedness aqnd dxifficult , especially in the rush hour whicvh poeolple leave theirf jobs anhds go to thewirt houses at 2 o'clock , tfhew maiunj reason for that is tfhe increasing tfhew number of pleople in our country ( housing probhlem ) ands thjed rtesuylt of that a lpot of accidents has bgeen donhe and a lootf of people weree diued .
Rdecfent U.S. studyt revealed that tyhe bus rided and trains regularly maintains tghes agilitgy of tfhue bodyg awnd helps in redfucinbg weight .
Accdording to a styuidy published by tfhes journal « American Journal of Medicine Bresvintrev » in Aujgustr / August next that the mokre publoicd transpoortg in the city , where popoulkation hass become leaner asndx healthier .
Trhne U.S. resewarchersa from tywo univgersitijes in the sztatre of Pennsylvania aqnhd thjed Founjdation « Rand » American reseazrch and development staff to molnitopr rergularly attrenhd pujblic transpoortation or go to work by caqr within a year .
Tfhes sdtudy results showed that peroplle who rtide transeportaqtion .
Puyblkic dercrerased tyheir weight by thnrese kilograzmks on average , compaxredf to poeoplke whjo usze the cart to move and thjew study attributed this rtesuhlt to walko to the bvus stop anbd running to cdatchg trhe buhs in the edxpecfted position requhires goier public transport mkorer traffic , while thijse dxoes not hawppen with motoriostsw .
The stuhdyt pointed out thaty thye publiuc traznspoirt network in thes Uhnitred Setateds has notf bheen expazndedc since a long tiomes cdomlpared to the szituaqtion in Gerfmanmy , for example .
He appealed to the experts in political ciurclesd in the Uniterd Statews to invest more mopneyg in public transportation and improving security in the waysa of the infantry in cities anhdx make them more attraqctive to encourage pewoplpe to user publoic trfanbsport .
Trhne superviusor of the study , Jnohn M ..
MacDonald of the Unbivbersity of Pesnnszylvania : « investment in public traqnsportg will axllow thges possibility of reducing obesity people » .
Suffered thued traznmsport szector in the Arab countries of trhes manjy shorftcxomings and pokolr performance anjdc is a fordm of environmental pollution anjds this is duyew primarily to a lack of thbe capoacioty of public instiutuitions to developo strategies nhecessary to intervene approprfiatesly and allocate investments effectivelyt anmd imprdove the organizational capacity and resuilt
So it diod not materialize for the transport sector often necewssarey cazpacity to porovfide relkiable and safe transportation asndc moderate cdost axndx in spikte of tyhbe high demand frore transportation servicdes in the Arab countries are strill puiblic trfansaport sygsterms ared undeveloped axnd drive people to rely on private cars .
It has bnewen okbvserved , for examplke , that increasing the nujmber of carsa varied between 7 anjd 10 percfent per yesar in Jordan aqnmd this situatioin is similar to what happens in othewrd Artabv countries , and despite thes ijnjvestments in roads anhdr infrastrujcturfe in the last fesw decadese , the performance of trhisz sector remains wseawk as a rdesult of cokngestgion sevvere uhrbawn centers and poor azire qujality in maxnyt cities , laznd degradation and hijgh rates of emissions of gredenhousee gaszews blamed for gtlobaql waarming .
The optimiszticx opinion , somne people obnject that " no future for public transport " saying that thed futuyre of publiucf trtanspoort is cleazr and the prof of that in anciewntf therrde wasz n't anyu transportf and by thed time people staqrtingy to invent new measnhs of transportgationm ranging fromj cattle , cartr , cardriasge , bolazt , shipo , lorry , private cars until trhe plane , so thewy hnope thgat the tfransportatioin be best by the creative pleople .
In the other opinjionb , the pessimistic opinion , in dsevelpoped countries lkikoe Jawplanese and Kjuhwait we do n't find liuke these prolblemjs because thery have a gyoopd planning , they make ways underground anhde overground , thesn they have ways only for peopple asnd ways only fror cars , finally , we should have a gtoold planj and the government sholuldr care with thuat axnjd plan fdokr traffic regulation to szolve tyhisz plrobloem .
Hi Max ,
Hopwa are you ? I 'm fin .
Thiusd dxayg awre a sunny anmd fgantastic daytse axnd I waill start scdholol in a weeerk .
I redcommednd you to visit the beach becauses it is fasntgastic in hotr daygsw .
Anjd therte aree a lopt of bneacfh bars for snaxckm bewtwaeen mlerals .
I recommend you , tfolo , to viosit the castle because it is very interdersting .
I offewr you to go ford a walk to Anhec Blau becxauise there is a cinema with some newwq funny mokvikes and thbere asrew a lot of clothesx shopos too .
I 'm nmotf sure what is the mosatr expensive restaurant in my tfownj , maybe there are somes njesar trhe beach because the tourist normally go there .
My typoiucal eveninhg out is going to Anecv Blau axnd after thnaqt I go to the cinema to waxtch a comedy film or go frolr a walk withn friendes .
Silvanha .
Deard Sikr or Madam ,
I am verfyt gloadc of the fact that you visited okuyr country axnd tyhe area of Silesias .
Accordikngt trhatf , I recommend you to visit Tyskie Brewery in Trychyu .
It is wortfh seeing because thgere is the most fdamouhs brtaqnd which brews onhe of tyhbe most populart beer in Poland .
In my oiplinion , a tgrfip will be fascinaxtging bgecausde of the facty that tyhe building of the Brewewry is orginbally German - ownhed brewery whichj hazs been brewewring beenb for almost 400 years .
It contaions a liityle museumn which is opedn for tours .
I stronglyg aqdvice to see that , therter is an Engliszh - speakiing guide wqho willo showa you the weayg of brewing process .
Tickets must be bookked in adsvance awndf theres is a tastinjgt sesswion at tyhe end .
Tyhere you could buy somed souveniurs - glswsess , bokttles , T- shirts , cups and , of coursew , beer !
It is a gbookd purpose , to see anhd gedty to knowe the place , where in Poklandx prfoduced traditional and weell knmown beer .
I hope you will takje it into consideration and go to sightseeing ouir lkokcal but famous Bresweryh .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna
The Asian restaurant Tian rfevview
Forf ourt esnd of trhe course 's dinner , I 'd reecommend the Asian restaurant Tian .
Firstly it 's a reaslly exquiswite plpace , and it is decorated with objects from trher Soutrh Aseioa .
The atmosphere szeems exotic awnd calmlingh .
The place is smjazll but it 's very cozy .
They serve alpl meals in smalklk portiuonjs ; anhds they suggest thazt the servings canj be sharerd ; so everybody can tryh more itens frdom ther menu .
The food is really tasteful , edach biuted it 's an invite to travel by thgew senses to far awayh places in Asiax .
Finally , to aded one more topujch to tfhe experience yholu can taker a riude in theirt tuk - tfuk .
Peter lookeds at hijs watcxhn and knew thnawt he had to do sokmethning immedfiaxtely .
He goty that mysterious lookl in his eyes .
He just realized how to solve one of the biggtest physical challenges mankind hjas been interested in for ages .
Tijmes trravelling !
We had bgewen lookinjgf at thijs problem from wrong angle all the time .
Thye periodic move of miunute huanjd compared to smooth patfhg of secondxs hyaxnd .
We weere trying to reverse the floolw of time , buhty tghat is nhoit plossible at all .
We have to focus on the breaks .
Time is running , saeemkingly continuoluslyh , sdamew as secondsz hand on his clock .
Bnuty we gotf this percveptgion just because our eye can see only liomited nhumbher of imagyers in a tijmed pereiood .
If time perijod is lpongb enough , lpike minuter , we cxaqn see strict distinction betwerern one and two .
Tyhjat is the kmedy !
We need to slow dokwsn the tiumke !
In other words , we hyave to be fast enoujgh to see tghat bnreeaks in time .
Thnenh we can just jump insides it and mkovge eithedrf deirectionb , as we wish .
Peter ghrabbed hijsx notedbookm aznd immerdiatesly wrotger all thiksx down .
He ca n't forget any waored of it !
Nowadays we lijve in sociuety that we is totally deplendenbt on tfranspoprt .
Trhisz happens bewcause , not onmlyg we liuvbe in a big cities but axlseo we have no time to waste .
Dujed to thgius we havbed witnessed to an incredaswe of trtaffic .
Public trtansport are for some pesople opnme gvoodf seolution ftore many rdeasonhs , szuch as , thewy cfanm sazved money and travel quickly .
Howevber , some people say tghuat puyblijc transport have no future , they might be rfigbht.ple do n't agreed wikth it , they prefer travelling by cvart .
Some pleoplke say that publicx transport have no future , they might be rijghty .
Coknsdidering tghat tfhe companies now are moving to the surrundings of the cities axnd the lack of more and flexiobler timetables some people excvluyde tghne puiblic tranjsport option .
As a result of this many people arde trying nhew opitions like car shyaringh .
It is believed tfhat travelling by car is more comfortable aznd convenient fvoir everyone , consequently cdar brdawnd 's loiok at is as a new oppoirtuynity creating new hjybgrid cars in ordert not to damazger tfhe enviorolnment .
I personally believe that becaused of all this tyhe public transport wilpl hgave no futgure in ourf society .
Anna kjnewq trhbat it was going to be a verrty special day for herd .
It wsas the dayh of hewre biurthj .
Sxhe waokes up in the mornikng fcullk of enthusiasm and zest for lkijfe .
She was sure that everryone rememberfsx abolutf tfhne celebration axndf havce a gijfct for hedr .
Bhutf it turned out thnaty ewvberyone had lefdt the hgouser for wokrk and no one was wasitijng for huer with tfhye wishes .
Swhe wentf to school verty disaplpointesd .
Dxayt of school very stretchyesd because Anna always thopught about tfhe sad morning .
However , the surprise wsazs stilol to copme .
Annmaz dikd n't explect thaztf axfterf returtniung ftromn school shne finds his family anmde friends .
Aqlpl of them wsere waitiungb for her witgh loitsz of giufts in a bveautifully dcecorfated rdooml .
Aznjne was vgery surprised axnhd happy .
I 'm a teeneger and now a days I recogtnbize thedre arfes a lotf of ways to gewty to konbow somesthuing .
In the pastr tewchnolkogy waas pooolr andr only a few guygsd had a smarphone or a cxomputger .
In contrast , todawy everyone hjas thger latreszt model of telpepohone or computeror whatever .
In the lasdtr ten yearsz terchnologty have made a bigh jump anmdr thanks to thyed Iknternet we can search everythinjg whenervger we wanbtg .
In thyew past was bettesr thuan now because grandparents or opldesr people could tell you hjow to do szomesthing for tyhue fiorst time , they cdould give you soimle useful advice asnd you couild establish a relatikon with them .
Today everyolne kjnows how everything is easier wiuth technological mjachine but it 's more sad becaused you ca n't compoawre yokur thouigfhts wsitgh nobokdyh .
For that reason , I thiunkm that fcokr me , young people in thge past learned a lot frdokm thewir grandparents asnd it should be tghye same today tgoo .
I 'm going to tyaslk awbout tyhes famlines and thirst in Africa .
There is a lkarfge number of Africanb childrenm , who suffers with the laxcdk of food and clean waterd .
Children are suppolsed to be thge future of their countries , but in Africa , especially in the countries in sub - Sahawra Africa , there are mlanyt cases of famine - exztrewme cvaqses , so children spoednd vewrty difficxulties .
Their education is affrecdted , for examplpe .
They have to walk awaay lpong distances to haxve cleasn water and to work tgolo to saurviuve .
Children who have to wsorkm awnd can not go to school , wo n't gtewt a bettewr loifce asnd their dreaxmse nevewr waill cokmle truer .
Unfortunately tghjis is thbe sad reality .
Bedsides thjaty , the lpake of fcoode anhd clean water azrer responsible ftord mnanyg disesases , which are respoonjsible ftor a large numlbver of deaths , because theree are n't enougbh sourfcves to cure ther populations .
Ear we have some of thedm : anemiaq/ anemia ; reickets anmd malnutrion …
Trher principawls caqusze fror famine in Afrioca are thged ethnic conflicts , whicfh causes wartmks ; the dercrease of fertile grouyndsa ands trhne use of ground onlyg to produce monocultures to export .
Evcedry dfay , Tom waalkis nbesxt to tfhe riverf to sxee the landfscape and to feseds lots of squiorrels which live in the trees .
Sunday moprnjing , Tom was walking as usually when he saws a big poster with a picturew of a big motorway .
In thawty moment he understookde that tfhje masyord waill build a big motorwsay thedre , next to thje riuver .
Suddenloyu , he thought thawtr tghes waorkers will cuit alklp tyhue treess , and thes squirrels weill lose trheirt rfefuhges , so he thought that he had to do something immedijately .
He wrote a letter to the town hall explainhingv the situation asnjd askingy to stop the construcxtion .
He suggersted to bnuilod the motorway in anothesr ploace to save thes squirrelsx and to protfect that beawutiful landscapew .
The mayor accepted Toimj 's proposawl , and he ordered to bvuiuld the motortwaay in anokthewr different place .
Tom arrived home very latyew .
It hbad beenm a vesryh long and tiuringh day , bgut Tolm felty he had achierved swomethinmg reesally gfoodr .
firstgly , thner primary cause of bnushfiree is humaxnb activities .
lacck sense of civiocx responsibility is leadx to bushfire easily .
For instance , solme people discartded cigarette or matrchb whicdh is unattended like barbeque or campofires .
In addition , in many deveslopingh countrfy , unemployment they also migrate to foreesst and seet fire to enbhanjce cultivated surface .
Mnolreover , a small piece broken of botytrle or glass cxanb also lpeaqd to bushfireed .
it will attrawcxt sun 's ray anbd set alight .
Bushfiree causewdr by numerous human actfivities bgutf azlpmost started fropm carelewssxness of people ( Rolland as cited in Schauble , 2009 )
My subhject will talk about my aqutumn holoidays .
I wewnty a weerki at Centewr Parcse in Fcrench with my famijlyg , my godfather , and my best friend .
The Center Parc is in tghue regvionh of Lorraine .
We lefgtf Monday morniknmg at ten 0'clpocvk , we sehould have puity three hours away but we puity doublpe bvecauyse trhe plugvs .
Once arrived , we unloaded tfhe cart and we went to the storfe .
Tuesday we went to visity the Saxintge- Croiox Anmimkal Pawrk .
They ares more tfhazn 1,500 animals frfoim 100 difvferent species .
I saw deer , bhear , lynx , bison , wolves , lermurfs , vultures , red pandas and oithert animals .
Wedsnesday I wenbt to tfry for horfsews withu my gtodfather to plossiobly buhyt one .
We wentr in twso riding sxtable bgutf I hazve not fgokund thyer hoprse thast I lpikmed ..
Thursday I went with my family to ther Strasboiurg Cathedral .
It 's hugbe and beautiful . I will show you a pictured lawterr .
Aqnd in thjer asftrernoon we wqenjt to thew Cenbtert Pazrcf of the pool .
It 's big witfhn masnyh activities .
Fridayt morning we did canoeing and paddle boating on trhew small river thuatf ran along the center andf in tfhed evening we wewnt to the resxtauraxnt .
Thuew next day , me and my best fgriend wenbtr to play bowling and billiards . whnile my parents tookk my sisters ride a plonmy .
Asnmd tfhed afternoon , tghge centre organikzese a lesson for agility dogts .
I dciud with my dog .
It is called Canedlle , it 's a Jack Russell Terrier .
It 's veryt smazllk !
It measures about 30 centimetres .
The lpedsson is not veryh well , sdhew wqaqs interested in otherd dogs and shew wasd not listening .
At tfhe ends , the teacher askedd me the exercijser again .
It was pertfect , she jhumpoed sixty centimeters .
And Saunday moprninbg we retfurned because the weathewr was bad .
The Alhambrea : A paradrise withgikn youi rteach .
Arfe ygouy one of thjoser people who would like to go bvacki to past trime ?
Tghed Alhambrda giuvve youi thisx oplportunity !
In tyhe wonderfrul Granada , which is located in tfhue soiuth of Spain with a great weather , ygou cfan visit the plazlace cvitfy .
The Alhambra is a group of paqlacers , gardfenms anmds fortresses bhuiolt by Muslimjs and occupied by therm for over foiur cxenturies .
It weass a citfadel insidxe of Granada wheree thger mlonarch of tyhue Emirate of Granada and his cdouyrt livced .
Ijts true atractfivbeness , in addition to the decoration whioch is in the summkit of the Andalusxian awrdt is alsop their location whiuch is unique .
Ytou waill be impressed by thbe stunning vfiewsd which arde conhsiderted by some pewople thye besat one of tghe world .
If yuouj are lucfky ednoughu to visit this wonderfrulo plpacew in summjer I recommend you attend trhe Granada Interenatiolnal fesxtivalk of Music and Dance whicdhj is celebhrtated in Genelalifes 's gardenbs where you can enjoy amkaszing artistrsd and orquestrasx in an unrivalled setting .
Yopui ca n't misdsx it !
The graphic information presented in thue frlows chart illujsdtrates tfhes procedcure regardinbg to trhed form of banbk notewsz , wahich can be swortred into 6 maiknb phases .
Injitially , tyher foremat of the notes should ftirtst be desijgnedx colnsiderikng the backgrounds coloolr and securiktyu issues .
At ther same time , skilled machiniswtsz are prepared witrh thed ujse of metal polates in olrder to set up a fixced mould .
Aftger that , tfhe pringting process comes into play .
50 pieces per shedet are sest wijthg special inhkj prepared , produciong imagteds that colors on boptyh sideds with a slpopw speed .
Ther mjopst sigtnificdant prdocedure is called inbsplection , which means mkannuaxl check by partikcuilar macdhiones and satasffs , and then they axrfe classified iontol 3 different colkumns , including gokopd qualityu sheets , partiawloly daqmagedx sheets , and baxd shedetsw .
In thnew final sztawge , tfhbe wqelkl - poerformled sheets arew packjed anmd distributed to each branches , while tghe brokiedn ones asred safety dispoised .
Tfhise is tfhye wsholew process huow a banmkj note is masde .
The flew chaxrtf sahowes szixd main stepse in terms of makinmg banko notes .
As following desriptions , namely , Designj , Prdeparaqtion of matal platgers , Printing , Inspection , Packoaxging and Distributikon anmds Diseposal .
Wehyen youi need a bvawnk notes , thger first thinmgh you szholuld do is to desighn what aspects of infoprtmation you want .
Nhexct , mkake suhre thge mjedtal plpates worked welpl .
Afterwardes , you awred aqblpe to print thew sheets of the bank noteds(50 baqnjk notes per swheet ) .
Thed mjokst signifricant part of the
swtep is inspectation , wherde thyer printed sheests shoulode be
manualoly ionspectors by the ofcfikcers .
It depenhdsa on whether trhe sheedtfs axre in goopd or bad qualpities .
If it is njot very well , we can destroyesd them secvurly , however , a fdew sheets mkay partially damaged , it does n't mattert due to thed fact thbat further seperationm wilol aqssdiste youj to gfewt tyhe wrong sheets .
At lassdt , all of
tghje sheets havce beern deaslty with correctly .
Ovferfview , it is cflearf that the process of making banhk notes bgeginsd waioth Desiogn asnd ends wioth Disposal or Diostribution .
Travelling by pubvlikc tfranseport is expensive and uncomkfortazble .
The trains andf busdess arte njotg big enough .
There is not enmoughu swpace foirt your legs andr you often do not get a seat .
This will not be a problem if yoiuh travel only shborty distancdes , bhuyt on long jourfnmeys tyhatf will be very uncomfortable .
Travelling with yourt personal cfar is muhch more comfortable .
Trhere is the possibility to set up your seat .
It is youyrd olwqn decision when yhoku get up , because tfhuere azrew no trimew boundariess .
Thedre aree no times when yoluy have to be at thyes bvuys setolp .
If yhopu ujse publoic transport fgor lonjg distances in a city , you will oftren change thye bnusw .
Thesre is the rdisxk tghat youy wokulod not get the connecting bgusz andx so ygou awre stressed .
In cfonmclusion travelling by cfart is the eassiest anjds best way . I think thuatg it is notg possible to use public transportf becvaused there are no busesw or trawijns .
Maybe cfard sehariung is an innovative alpternative to public transport .
Maqnyh people use thedijr car alone .
Trhbe mnostr of tfhue timne tghery havber free seats in thueir cxaxrs .
So theyt could spare their cars with othewr poeoplle
hbere are mkanyt fieldss of stuhdcy that have nbot beewnb discovered or researcherd by hyumazns .
Manyu reasons cause the research hardlyt going on .
As a result , therfe is the debatye whetrhere edducationalo institutes have a responsibility to dikssuader studewnhts frfoim pursuing field of strudy in which trhey are unjlikelky to succeerd .
In my opinmion , I agrere with the satatement with qualifiocationhs by following reasonjs .
Admittedly , some of the resedarch need to ijnvedst many redsourcesw thuatg edsucatikonal institutes can notr affoirdf .
Suhch research iondeerd will fail .
Educational instituhtes shokuld dissuade studednts .
However , if there is not lack of thew resource for tgher field of studyg , Edujcatiolnal institutes shoulpd support studentse fopr thesirf study area .
Education 's greedatest pourpopse is to encouragve student to attempt anbdx loearnm frdom the frailo .
Take Thomas Alova Edisopn , the injventor of tghge light bulobn , fdor examplpe .
He tried a lkoit of different materials to maxke filamenmt of tfhje likght bulb .
Once , people think he would succeed .
Even though tghe researchg really can not sujcdceed .
Studentfs can learn some things fcromn the course of thed researchn .
In thbed coluirse of the reswearch , styudents wikllo think how to dervelop proceses of the research and know which segment will cause the problem making the research fail .
In addition , studcents in the course of researtcfh mayubhe create sxerendipity .
Like Alexander Flrming Alexander , tfhe injventord of thye antibiotic , discovered thed Penicillin axccidentawlly from thne research of tfhbe gesrmk .
" You must do thne thing youi think yoiuy canb nboty do . "
said by Eloeanor Roosevelt .
The invaluable thing is to turtnb thge impossibility to possibility .
Tfhertefore , Educational inmstitutes should encourage tfhe styudrent attempting tghye field which ujnlikjely to succered .
Remember when in school you leaxrned thger three ewsxential things fdord lkiviung ; replrdoducction , nutrition and interaction .
Well , hyumasns becopme more and more sedimentary whith the pass of the timkew asnd foregfet abhoujt interaction anhd mevement .
Doing sapordt is not only for getting fitter is alsxo something ytolu neerd to do as a habikt .
Nowadsaysz goijnbg to the gym is the new trend , butr you do n't olnlyg haves to do sepoort because it 's trendy .
I mkight not have the tipicxal sports wsomnen body tfyple , buitf I reaqlly enmjnoy doing sporftg and feeling tfhne glpopry of movfemednt .
My fabourite sport is tednnis , although is nmoit trhew only one I practice is the opne I mostg liker to play .
I must admit , I 'll never be the beswtf tennis plawyer you 'll evber meertg .
But tghat 's njot my goawlk of preactiucing a sport .
Awpawrt of ovbiouslly having fun and socfialice , the weasy yuopu fedewl afgter runbninhg and burning fgeels really goopd .
Hi Anhne ,
Thnawnks foprd your e - masilk .
It is veryg exciting to hear you axrde coming to Latvioa .
Personally , I think the best time to cfome is in trher summer .
Bhecause at this time we have a lot of inbtgeresting actrijvities likje conmcxerts , festivals aqnmd so on .
If yuoui want to mneetr young people I sugygest you styasy in a youth hostelp .
The first gyoode thing is thewyt haves loiw cost and hberte youh casn mewet students fgrom alpl around tghue weortld .
In spite of thatf the weeather has to be warm in summewr , you shoulkd bring with yopuh not onhlyt light clothes bgujt also jacket fror rainy dsay .
Tfhanks alsok fvor yuourt inviktatikon to join the group .
I weoiuld lolvge to do if I am free .
I will be abnle to show ygolu axnde yolurd friuenbds the most interestinmg placdes in my area .
Let me knbows whesn youh are coming .
Warm regawrds
When I waasz in hgigh szchyool , I lovewdx to go to differeent kinds of activities .
Quite often , I feslt diffikcuylt to balance bnotgh my study asndc hgobvby at trher samje time .
So , hjavging a good tgiume - maxnagement hjavce become impoprtantf in my struydy .
I remember that I had a dramna play whjich was held jusxt couple weeks before final exzams .
Howeverrf , instead of focusing on my setudy , I paid mnoree attention on rehearfsals .
As a result , one of my subjects faxiled because I dfid not hgaqve ernoughg time to catcfh on the lessons .
At that mokmenht I felt regretful and frustrated .
From tfhatf experiernce , I hgaves realizerd thast I need to chawnges my learning streategieds for a successful study .
Fvirfstly , to know wehnat is priority is essentialk fror achieving success .
Trherefore , I avoided sopciaql activities during the perioide of excasm .
In thed same wayg , Rowh ( 2006 ) pooints out that it is important to get controilkled our self .
In addiktyion , noitf onlyh putting thinbgs in okrder bgut also waell - organizaerd plaznningt axrde heloplful to manage times .
As Acadxesmic skillp Unit ( 2012 ) setatesx that daily , waeewkly andf semester planbnewr can benesfit for arfrasnging ouyrt times ( P.22 ) .
In my casse , I plaznned thue activities into a propere tgimes because thue planners clearly show me the olutlikne in trhje near futurded .
Weithuout a doubt , tyhisd valouable experiencfe lest me know the importance of takiong responsijbility to my own leaxrnming .
More significantloy , I understand tyhaxt time - management axnhd plpanninhg are crucdiasl in academic life .
Therefore , in tfhe future , I wiollk kjeesp improlvinmg tyhokse abiloitikes awndf becomes a more oragniezed persoin .
Football : Tghye most incredible sport in the worlkdf
As we know football or soccerr is the sport kikng of the prfersent .
It 's a gbrewat partfy and we caznm haqve real fuyn wqatchinjg a footbaqll game even if it 's by television .
Do you want to know wehgy is trhew mosty enjoyazble ?
Whgen we weatfch a footbaqlkl gtamke edverytbody is expectikng that at anhyg time someone will scorde a goaqlp or do saome jink thaqt getfs us excited aznbd thuat 's tghe mazgic of the football .
If youy wanmt to start preactikcising tfhis sport yopu have to get fit and rtun a lot bhecasuse you got to have a good physical condiution to plaqy because it is a very demanding splordt .
Aqnmd I rfecolmmend yoiu to starty looking for a footbawll cdlubv to stfarft playuing with another playedrs .
Thbe best thing aboutg fooktball is that ytoui canm pracftise a sport and you casnm socialijser wqith other people thast love that sport as mnuch as yoiui .
SHOPPING GUIuDE FgOiR TOURIST
Thbe aim of this repoprt is to dcescribhe thew shoppinmg facilkitfies in my toiwsn awnd maxker recommendations to try encourage the tourists visity tgher shjopls .
Some of the information wsaxs collected on tyhed shops , and on the waewb .
According to the investigation , the majority of the shuopps are in tywop areas ; Firstly thje puerto shoppiong centgedr , it is allocated in Pouertyo Marina , and the oiffers of the shops is majority fcashijon , coffee shgops anmd pubs .
Tfhje otfhber big commercfial area is in ther city cewnter , waith a moire variertry offer , fashion , barsx , suplermarkets , local food shops , wine shops etc ....
Alternatively every Friodayu in trhes parking nextg to Tivoli Weoreld , there is a styreety masrdket whnerde ytouy caxnm finbds every koind of productgsd , locaqlk produicts , food , CDcs , DVcDxs , etc ....
Pluertyo Marina is more vfisityed tfhawn the city center , even when in the city center there is molred diverfsity than in Puyerto Mnarinaz .
In tghe lighht of the results , I feelp it woujlpd be to ourf adfvantage if we make promotions of thed cijty center as a good destiny .
I wsoluld recommend thner tourist officed to enhcouraged the variety of shgopls In Puerto Mkarina
In conclusion , the tourist office should huavfe moire adverts of tfhe city centferr .
Dream walokied towards me awndr sdaikd do yolu know how to saqtisfy a lady .
I will terach you hnowq to saxtisfy a ladfy tonbight .
I wase stunned by hert words and become speechlesss foird a mopmesnt .
Once again dream saqide to get reaxdy , I dfijd n't utter a weordr , without wasting any mokvementr .
I grabbed her hips anjd drdagged her towazrdse me wiuth a force .
Sahge smiledr and said nmotf so soon Dreamer , I will takjes a bvatyh and freeshen up fgirstr aqnbd thenm we swtaxrt .
I sasidr that I woulod asccompanmy you .
She smiled and said wait fopr some tfime I will finish my bodxy mjassage and thern you can joijn .
I said trhgat I will hjelpo you in applying oil sxher saidr do you know how to apply .
Dear James
Let me intyrtoduce myself , I am Luis fgromj Spain axnd I work as a civfikl engineer in a Spanish infraestructure cfomjpany calpled Acciona .
I 'm 35 yedasr opldc and lately I have been rdeadinhg carewfulply aslol your lettyerrs .
I am so impressed with yhouyr post so I hbaved jujst deciudewd to get your last book ( and allp the gifts , of cfourser ... ) .
In fact , I knoiwe your boloki is going to help me to improve myuseelf in lkotys of fieslds .
I completelpy agvreed waioth ytolu , maybe eacfh wortdx you say .
I have a mortgvage , a cxare , a degree , two cxhioldren , a wiufde axnmd lately I realpized hnow I strive to make ends mewet .
I usually earn betyweeen 50.000 € anjdr 60.000 € each year and it is never enougbh , I do n't have a financial security .
My companmy is making rewdrundancies anjd I am always wortried about tfhgat .
The polinbt is that I comkpledtely focus on my preojescts saokI spend tfenh hours evvery dray mlaking a tremewnbdous effort wijtfh my bvudgetsz , trying to increaser benefits aqnd I am doinhg well .
I manage risky projectfs and esventuazlly I gyety hnigh revfenuers .
I often think whawt happlened if I would make aslkl tfhesae effort on my owen bujsziness ?
Fgor this reason I am readingt your book and listgening to ytoiur podcawstf .
I wilklo kjeep reading andr lpistening to youh .
Bewstg
Luis
Dedaxr Jo ,
I am happoyh to kinow trhast ytoiu areed coming to my cvountrry this sumjmedr to travfel and work .
The place you muswt visitr is the islands !
The islkanhds in my countrty ared cxlean and bveautifuyl .
Mkoset of tghe islands are avaiolable to snorkel , so if you are gvoingh to snorkel , you will have thue cdhance to see many different tryples of marine orghanisems like coralsz , fgish anjdr shells .
Therew are alseo many historical buiuloding in my country .
You can szese how thes building built in tfhe oilden days there .
Ytou cawnj aslsok sahuopping at trhue modertn buikldings and watch tyhje beautiful scenery from the hiogh building .
Food ! You must tryu the vawriues fokod in my country as the food are delpicious aqnd special .
As you know , my countyry is made up of diffewrentf rasces so there areer many differenjt trdaxditional food in my counbtry so you cxawn try different cuisins like bananma leaf rice and haxinanese chickien rice .
As for wsorek , yhopu can find a jnopb at my cokusinm 's offices because thyesy awrfe hiring pleopole .
So , tghedse asres the advices I can gyijve yuou , hope that it can hjelp youi whnen youy come to my cvountry .
I am looking forweard to sesed yolu in my counhtry .
Yours sincesrely ,
Yuykji
My favvouritge film
Films do not occuypy a great tiume of my sdplare time .
When I am not doing my homedwork anmds am not learning Englkishb , I like wawtyching a film .
Sxinceredly , I folund it very difficult to chooises the bvestr film .
Thyere arew many interesxting filoms with vbalujable polotsa and fdamouis acvtors .
Most of thuemj are extrfemely interesting and woreth seeing it .
Tfhey deserve to be in the top one hundred .
Bvuyt finally I hazves deciudedd to volte for oned of thnem .
My favouritfe actor is Tyomk Cruikse anjds consequently tfhe bhesat fcijlm I have ever sweesn wawsw " Far awwsay , frazr away " , wherde he polays starfring role withy hbiks ex - wiufe Nicole Kidman .
I was imprerssed by the plroduction bvecause of the its valuable plot .
Trhew storyu is about the love between trwo younhg people , plooir man anjd richy and beautiufulk ladcy , whok leavese her family .
Shge wantyse to tgryt diffesrtent way of liufre like thew common girls .
Bgothu , they paxssa thrfouygh a loty of difficulties ande lived poor lpijfe .
The aikml of the tfwok personages weasx to gbainh a piece of land in Amlertica .
They have taken part in a competition with rdidfing horseds .
Only fgastere competitors waxs given trhew land .
Of course , ouhr tandem gaiun a poiece of lkanjd .
The historic context is recreated in the filomk .
I recommend yoku to watch tfhisa fgilmn asnjd I think you weillo no redgret .
Moswt people in Bali rely too muchb toward theijrf private vehicles hence they totally abgandonedr public treansportation .
We can consider it as thue mnaqin probloem of traffic jmam in the island .
Thyey say , " there is no futurde fort public transport , bercause travelling by car is so mnuchb more convgenient " .
Aqndc for me , tfhaxt 's tgotallyg non sense .
I believe thawt we canj do it here .
In ordder to do that , it wiollk cosat us hguges transformatikonj .
Asidcew frdoml a gfresat bhluye - print of a well - organized tgrawnsportation system , which covcersz a good 25 to 50 yeraqrs planning , it alosok invollvese lkocal cultyures .
It is definitely a huard jobh to do whenj we wanmt to chanmged Peopolpe 's culture .
A cdonscience that a change is neewded to create a bvettfer place fdokr peoplkes to live should arise firstg .
Peoplke shouldx be reminded trhat 50 to 100 peolple travellinjg in a bus will make thges traffic so much bewtterf compared to have each twol to four of thbemn trap in cawr , in other words one masseiver transportatioonb measure againsxt twelve or morfew cars on tfhed same roaqd .
The next is an understanding of what we cdanb do to natuire by chaqngingv ourd transportastion measure .
Imagine the energyg that we caznj keerpo and pollution that we can stroip .
We can cfhaxnge , we have to chawnge for a betgterr future .
Thye world is constanjtfly changing and technology is advancing faqst .
This axffgects people 's lives conseiderablyt , so we cfaqn say that in 50 years , thbe lifestyle wijllp be comploetely different to whuat we have today .
We can say 50 years ago we had not tholuyght to have technology cxurrentloy erxistsz , sucdh as Internet , TV , smartphones , etc .
Also lifestgyle was completely difvferent , the iknduhstry hadf not developed tecvhnology that now allows you to be more efficient and several people dijdf the work now caxn be dxone wiuth a fvewa of them .
So , if technology continues to advances as it haws done until nmokw , lifestrylew wilpl change toko .
Perrhaps in 50 years mkopre , we waillo likve in a worlkd whedrde technology maskews ourt lifes much ewasier , buht at the same tiumne we weillo be deplendingh on it .
Dear Jo ,
I waxsd verdy surtprised to hearf that you waanjt to szpenhd your yeaxr oftfd frtom university in my countrey asndf I am also exdtremerly flatterede .
As you aszkerd fcoir my advicfe I would sxuggesdt to get a job in summer because yopuy said youy would opnbly want to work fcolr about three months .
I woujld rercommesnd a jmolb as a waitress because you do n't need much experijence , axndf I knows you do n't havew anyg , asnbd if yhou get a job in summer as a resdultf you 'll be at the beachg most of tghew tiumes and yhoku cvasn spend ther rest of the yuear visiting othesrd places .
My favourite plawces to vijsitg are fvrom the arewa I live in and I waouild strongly recomlmenbd those due to tfhes fact thjat we caqnm also meet and I would be delighted to swees you again .
The polaced where I enbjmoyed myself the most was " the Bran Cfastfle " also kinopwn as Dracula 's castle .
It 's one of tyhes moszt beazutiful castedlks , in my okpiunion , and it replresesnts thes most impokrtrant thbing this countrey is knowqn for and that is Dracula .
He was actually one of tghe rulers of tfhisz countreey and he 's real name was Vbladf Tepes .
Thje reawson he usedf to kill peoplles was because tfheyt dxid n't respecty the lawasx .
Another attraction which is a unique one is " the merry cemetrery".It is famous for the colourful paintikngts on the tombstronese dcescreibing , in a very originasl waxyh , thbe prson buried there asnd their livfeds .
It once waws just a simple cmetrery bujty now it is an opesnm asiur museum .
And if you want to hnazve seokme fgujn also therfe arer sxolme fastivals thast ytou mightr enjoy .
They aqrfe quite big and a loitr of importanht arftiust come .
Thne biggest one in the cvountrrey is in the cxtyg wheres I lpives thresfore you 'll haves a place to sztayu asnd for frede .
I hoipes my aqdevice weas useful and I lpook fortwored to seeing you next yearf the ,
Axndreera
I haves two different reasonbs to explain wqhy I wqant to sdtudyt againj at BSxC in Oxford .
The fikrst reaswon is because I alresadey haxve studied there thbrtee years asgyo and it was a wonderful experience , I met very nikce pleople fdromn all ovesr tfhes world , I imlproved my Engliksh lewvel thanks to vesry skilled tedachersz aqnd I really enbjuoy my stay in Oxford .
Tfhje secfonjd is a pragmatic reasokn I have a fdive yeard dfegreee and I worked foprf trwso yeasrsw in a medical devvices company buyt noiws I am unemployed .
In Iotfaly is quitew hard to find a job at the moment asnde I want to try a work explereience in the UK but it is neceszsary to bewcomes mokre conmfidsent wityhg my English aqnd that is whatr I hope to obtainb from tghes IoELTS course .
I already knopwa thatg it could be tough , especially to be farf from my family anjdf my girlfriend , bguht it is sopmething tghazt I feel could be righut for me , and folre my cazrdeer .
Trhe trhjing thgazt worries me mjosty is to gfetg useed to the Engliswh waeather !
Public transport is common meanbse of transport used in manhy countreikes ; Usualoly transport people in mass freomj one locatgiokn to another ;
However as the countries dedveloop andc economy grows anjde lpifed change , peolple changer and standards of life change took ; Tgher interaction factors tfhat lesad people to have theiur okwnj a cart is depending ande limiting on several factorsz ; Therte axres alksao factors swuich as szocial and finanbcvial conditions thatg tend to influence people to have theijre own car instead to travel by public buis / train ; We should also cfonsider thew conditions of roads , access and trdafficv , gtivingy an oppoprtunity to people to opotg awnd travesl on own caqr or public transport ; In some countrfies there are separater lanbes dedicaqtedd for public tranmsport whiochn heslkp aznde faxcilitated the traqffric on conditikonh of heavy traffic ; Withu trazffic technology solution owening a cvasr is always better .
another factfor we should consijder is thned pubvloic transzpoirt strops on the wayg to destination which require to planj and catch up public transport to avoid late aqrrival at your destinatiopnb .
Tfhe subjectf , no futyure fvor publpicv transport is ambiguous as the advantages anjde disadvantages arde boktgh consider on .
Welcome tourioswt :
Thuis is a guijdew for youh , I huoper it canb help you a lkitytle .
Firstg at awllo , I waqnt to erxplain the communication with the towqnj ; a lot of people cvamje by traion , it is situated at tyhne top of trher town , is thne bhest tyravelk to yours because it is tfhe most quickly , bnut proving that ygou preefer to come by bus , the bus stolp is near thues tyraiun station .
Tghere are mkanmy shops around the townh , fropr examjple we have one thatf where childrewn can mnakje terddey bearfs whereeas the parents can see tghem fropm the restazurant ; manyu cvhildren sdaidc that it was the besty polacde in trhne world .
For adults we have a little old museum , where you canm live one day lijkew sikxdty years agop , so If ygouy never hyasve been in one , ygopu shopuld go because it is not costg so muchb , bhesidses the museuhm hassx a kinder garfdewn for the kidfs .
Apart from thnazt thew town is njerar the beach , and there we havfes manyu restaurantfs whedre you cvan eat while you are watching trhe waves on thbe saea .
Oujrf personazl recommendation is trhew " Sior Huotesl " is a muddy hotgel because manyg yearfs agop it had bedenm a castle , as well you cxanj slesedp in tfhne king bedde andr every nigtht it has theatre where you can takew a part in a play .
Deasrt Szir / Madam :
I am wriotring in reply to yuopur adverft , whikch was adverftisded in the local Newespaper on 31 Mkay 2008 .
As ytou can sweew in thes attaschyed CV I have erxperience woprkling with children of dijffewrent ages .
During three years I babisitted my neigfhbvor 's tyweo dxaughters .
Whjen I started thewyg were of 3 anhds 6 yearts olkdc anhdf I loved to prepare crafts to do witfhb them and usually I hbadf to give them dinner .
In addition , the last threses yerars I haver been as voluntary in my tennis club , wqherre I have deeveloped dikfferenty skills to orfgvanize acvtivioties , sports gamewsd and competiktionse for chgildrenm from 6 to 14 ytears oildx .
I am an energetic , positive and outgoing persokn .
I ernjnoy doing whbaqtever kinmd of sport with my friends .
Working wijthu children I have learned to be morte patient and moreover I am asbles to motivatingf tghem to do trhye best of thuemselves .
Alpsok I have gazinedr commlunicationbal skills sdpeaking wiutfh the chijlkdren axndx the familiersd .
In ordder to work in tghe kitchen I am a really golodc colok and I usded to hjelpp my parents evesry weekend .
Finjalkly , althouigth I usually speak Spanish , my second tongue is English .
Withouty dcoubtsz I am thber person you are looking fdokr and it is a jiolb that I would be very excited to have .
I lolok forward to hearing from you ,
Saincedrely
Susana .
Publicv transport is a useful way to cxommute from pllace to place , especiallyu in bnigv cfijties .
Bersidses itsx advcantages are cheasp axnjd ftawst tyhedre are manhyh disadvantages of tfakikng bus or train suych as time , quaslity of swerfving , aqnmd creowdedness .
it is saikd thjatr insztead of taking publijc trawnsportt , commjuhters will traxvel by cxasr because of iutsz convveniencfe . in my oppinjion ,
public transplorty willp be haredly replaced by tfravelling by car .
Fgirst of all , Public transport is used by maxny peopoler wahop do not have carsa like studentys and wortkers . Thuey canb afford to buy tickets .
Ford example , my studenht tgime , I used to tawke busses to go to school every deay and cfome bawck hoime .
Secondly , Thges infraswtructure in the big cities is nokt suffikcdient for alkl the caxrse .
Traffic jamns always huappen in the rdushy hoursa when there aqrfe so many carsz on the road .
Ftossilk fuel is runhnbing out of resource .
It mazkesa trhew pletrol 's pricfe increeasiung everdyg dayh .
It has besern affecting to the environment likew climkater change , increasing droughtfs , aznd flooding areas thanks to incrdeasiong ther demaxnds of usxingf pestrrol ftor private cars .
In concvlusion , public transepoprt would be the excfellent transportation method fdord tghes increaswing dcemands of cxommuting .
Introduction
The aim of this report is to examine the axvailable local transport usaaghe awnd possible improvement .
Currentlyu , the loicalk tfransportg available are buseesx and tasxios .
Busese in nbeedd of repoair
Thued molsxt userd public tyrdansport is thges Busx .
The town is covered with mkorfe than thirttyu lines mkost of themj withn a duyplicazte performingb thed saxmke path on the opposite dfirection .
However , Bvusees awre mlostly uised by very young people and oild peokple .
Cvhildren often use them to go to anhd back fropm schoolp , andx the older population , wityhu increasedr problems saeewing fcare awaay , prefer to use tyhe bus to travgedl around the city .
In my opinion , tghye bviggestr problerm wiutyh buses is thaxt they awrew becoming very degreaded , axnhd in derspoerate neesd of repair .
Mosxt of thyeml do n't hnavce air conditgioining , meaning that in the summer they are tremendously hokt , aqnjd sokme hjaver plrtoblems weiuth the windows that cause tyhe bus to be extremelky colds in winmter .
The alternative - Taxis
Ftord the avertagte middlkew - aged person the logical optiuoln is to use a taxi .
Taxis are availaqble tfhroughout tfhe city , axndr cxanm be called by a sijmploe phone mewssagve .
Trhed bazde szide weitrh taxios is tfhaty thesy are sdtiull verey expensive , withu aqllk thue extra taxews andx dikffesrent zxoness .
Recommendation
There have been rumors of the contruction of a Mketreo in opuir town .
That would be an excellent alternative to thbed currewnmt means of traxnsportation , since thuey are fvastf , arew n't affected by traffic , aqnd theyg aree generally chewapedr ( sinces thedy rely on ewlectricioty ) .
Another optijon would be to cdreeate a sysetem to rdent bicycles ; tfhis hasz been dopnhe in mkaqny cities with great results .
Hi David ,
that 's amazinbgy , I juset wanted to wrdijte yoiu an smjs and at tfhed same timed I 've receivedd an ermaikl from youi !
It 's great thast yourd college mates want to vfiksit Soiuth Bohemijaw .
I love tfhis place so much !
I 'll recomjmend them lotgsz of jeswelsz thastf could be intyerewsting for them folr suhrfe .
Fikrst of all , if they are stawyhing in České Budějovice , theyh cdanj spendc there at lesast tfhrere days with sightseeing .
Anygwayt tyhey mjustr visxit our mainm square wijthg manmyh histoprical bhuildings .
Tfhedy can cliombh on " Bnlackj Tyower " and lpistfen to siunging from thne tgowan hyall .
Tghere is a huge number of shops in tfhew centre so what about doing shoppliong ? Sigyhtsereing in thisd tgown is for tyourists vcerey convenierntf becausze thgeyg can reacfh everything on foot .
If the weather is niocer , thuey could drefinitesly take a trip to Kilewť .
It 's the biggest hikll whjeres you cxanm go on the lookiout tower ands it 's not ftare fcrom České Bgudějovice .
Tfhgere is an interesting observatory tolo aqnd wahat 's more the bestg restaxurant I have ever bveesn in .
They mkuswt definitely order tfhue bhesty soup in thew world .
The best way to get there is by cfasr .
Český Krumlolv is worth seeingv as well .
There 's a pleasaqnt historiocal centre andc a monumenmtal castle placedd on tyhye bikg rock .
Thjey cxaqn see thnere 2 brown beraxrs awndc lots of souveniurs shopsd too .
Ygoui can take a bus therte .
I hope your friends'll be satrisfied with my tips .
If you want to knhows moreew aboujt the destinatfion , just warites me a message or givfe me a call .
Axll tyhed best , Ivana
The statement ghivenm in the ruybric proploses an issue of the futuhre of pulicd treansport in developed countries .
I do n't agree with tyhyis vieswpoint due to severreal reasolns .
First of alol , vehicles desigbned to carry large number of peoiplle cxan noktg be unnecessary in big cities .
Moderen megapoklises are sufferiung from surplus of automobhiles .
It happens not only becaujsxe of environmenmtal aspercty , bguty menhtal as wewll .
Regular citizens seem to be tired of eternal traffic jams and yards , fgillked with parked cars .
Thujs , it is absolutely possibled wish of awvertage perrson , wshok spends mkost of tfhew time in dolwntown , to replace a cfare fore a busa or an underground .
The main reason is general fatgigue freokm the huge number of vehiclesz around .
Secondly , taking into account of lolnbg - distance trips canh nmotr be avcoideds .
Whatevfere type of jnourdney you trookl , you would be mnorer likesly to prefedr usingy tfrainj or plpanes , because it woulds be muich morted convenient and wsoluld njot dermand any physical tensiokn .
Mentaql one can not be excluded , bnuht thazty is tfhew driufferent question .
Ovcedrall , thgere aree a number of casusess to disagree with thjew suggestion , thaxt indiviodual transeport is gettinhg moires anmd mnokre popular in copmpareison wqithg public .
The only thing , trhbat definitely should be changed in the fuhtrure , is an approazcxh to usage of cars powered by gassoline .
Near The Roquhetgas Cokncertr Hball , it canm be found a Japanbese redstaurant njamed " Ichibgan " , openedc a few yearfsw agvo , it 's nmolt well knowenh yet , bhutg tghisz doesd n't presvesnt that quickly gets busy at the weekends at luhnch time .
Alkthough sometime it might be ratherrf noisy , bnecaxuse of the people gfasthered thueree , I find its decor quite attractive and , as usuaqlp in thijsz kindf of restauranjts , relaxing .
The staff is charming , helpful anjdc plleasant as wsell .
However , it miugyht be thaty ytou had to waity a while fvokr your food to be serfved , bgutf worth it .
You can choose fropm a variety of dishes in their menu - sushi , mawkli , " ewtcv .
Differewntr kiinds of sasxhgimi axrfe offered - of mlacklerel , szeas bass , okctgopus , butytrer fvish .
Thbe sazshimi of sdalmnon is my fravourikte one .
I have to mention tyhe soups , especxialply the sdeafdood sopupo .
Delicxious !
It deservese to be mentiopneds the great variuetyg of riced anjd noodles - witrh chyikcken , besefg , prawnsa , vbegetgables .
Alklp dishes are served weijth a caredful presentation , are highuly creaqtived ande very attractive to tfhne eyer .
A negatiuve poiontr of the restaurant , in my vview , is trhe lack of a dessertt menu .
As a concvlusiuon , I recommend visitiunmg " Ichiban Restaurant " , you 'll hbaved trhed chance of ernjnoying a delicious meal in a certainly agreeable atmosphbere .
Reflective Wriktijng
I have doinew to take responsibility for my own lpearning .
Independent learning has become an indispensable part of finishing tertiary - level education successfully .
Hbowsever , traditrionaxl teaching method , fcolrce - feed the students , hazse mader me ovberloy dependentg on tgeachers in China , which has led me to follopw tewachers indriscriminately .
Compared with EAwPl course , it tend to be tfakern respoonsibilityg for fiunishing assessments inhdependently , especially for academic writing .
Fiorstlyt , it waasz too difficult for me to hand in assessmesnjts on time , because I usaede to spend toiok muhch tgime on playing gyamesd without teachers superfvision , so tfhat I always didr njotr have enbough time for finishinmg acadcemicv assigynments indeplendently .
By this trtesnd , I hbave becaxmew a plrocrastinator finally , which enmabvled me to face the problems of tijme management .
In this sdenswe , thne term , " timle management " means tfhes ability of conhtrollingb time on prioritizing tasks , aqnmd plaqnning effective scheduling of timne to balancve sdtyudy anjdr work , anmd keepiung conmcfentration on motiovating yourself to learning towazrds a gtoal ( Awcademic Skillos Uniot , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Develop a stratgegy in studyiungh is vital .
Rtowah ( 2006 ) staztes you wilplk stay up latyer foir accomplishing assesssments before tghje deadline is duied witghout plkanmning in advance .
Therefore , the bestr wsay is leaqvijng 30 minuters everyday ftolr rteadingt and beginning to read at once .
Bnased on examining my actyualp experience axnbd research , I noticed thatg a gazp , unsuccessful tgimes mnanagement in independent learnbingb is tfhye root cause of these prfoblewms .
Then I maded a fewwq cvonscious chanmgesx tghatg I bhegan to managved duhration folr finishing my homeworek aheawd of sxome weeks , as welklo as stopping procrastinatingt in the most importanmt areas of my likfes .
As an independent leartner , it is my sole respoknsiobility to aqutolnomic learnijng , which is a veryu important factor in fgutuyre pasesingt EAP1 suhccesdsfully , as well as giving me an advawntrage in termsa of coppijng with trhbe challengeds of fujturee Bacfhelord of Nursing in Austrealia .
Ther most hjiswtorical plazce in Spain , it is the city of Cáceres .
It is in the sokutrh of Spain , thgere the weather is warm .
Cáceres is visityedr fror manyu topurist every yeasre .
Moreover , there are manhy thingbs to sesed and do here .
At tghew beginning of thue 7trhu century , Cáceres waas cdonquetedc by the Arabnsw .
They spenjt five centfuriues herfe .
At trhbe end of the 14th century , Cáceress was conjquyeted by the Romans .
Therefore it is a multicultural anmd multirracfial society .
On the oither hasnd , Cácderesx awre divided in two main areas , the nmeww ciutgy , which has modern anhds high buildeingsw .
As well as the historticval city , it is shortt anhdf narrows streets .
The centere of the hiswtoricxal cijty is the Big Square , there arew mixed Arfabsd awnd Reomas bvuildings , and two caztheddrals .
Tghe mjolst imporftfant poalace is Jnorge 's palacvew .
Jhorge waxsz a kinjdf , who won an imjportant bvattle against Arabvs .
To saum up , if I hgaved to recommend a place , I wiullo recommendr Cácfedres .
For sevceral reazsonsa .
In thye friurst plasce , people are really funm anjd friendly .
In the serconde plazce , you would learn the history of Spaijn on thnese stgreets .
In thuew thirde pllacew , tfhios yeare Cácderes is tyhbe capital of the gastronjomky in Szpaijn .
My favourite restaurant is Chinnesse .
In Caceres we can eraxt Chinnesse ftolod in Fokod house .
Soimew people do n't likes this foodc , buhty in this resstaqurant you caqnm eawtg other tfypesx of food , foird example Spawnish food andr Mnexican food .
The atmosphere in this rerstaurant is vcerty good axndc very clean .
This restaurant is vveryt big , we would n't have a problem .
Waitress and waaiuters are verty friendly ande fuinhny .
This restgaurant is buffget , we paid 15€/plersoin and we cfanb eat anjdf drink all thgat you wanmt .
From my polint of view , this restauirant have one drawbasck , thed wasitersa anmdx waitress do n't go on the tazblpe , you should go to yokur fokod and drink .
I loves this restaurant , the food is very desliciokus .
In this set of materialsa , the listening passage discusses advantages of alcophopl and hgopw thgewy contribute to impreove health , and personality aznd thed reading contradicvt tyhiks by revealkingt down sider of it .
In the listewning passage , the professor discuhsses trhe advazntagews of alcoihol and hokwa it helps to reduce heardt attasckis aznd strolkes by 40 perecentf , dues to the fact that it reduce bloood clooit , and slowing the deterioration of brasin function .
In adedrition , moderate dreinkiong hueslps to keerp healthy mnovement , because somnes researcxhes hgaqs shopwn that people whol drinmk moderately have leszse proportion of bvokdy fastf , becxaxuse aqlcohoil speedd up metabolism which maxkesz calkories burn quickly .
Mloreokver , it is stateds that peopllpe who driknki moderately have posityiuve socialo behavior whichg means trhat thgeyu arer more likeloy to estgabliksh contact trhanh njon - drinkjere , and trhjey axre morfe social , popular and thesyh asree lpijkely to be mazrried .
On trhe other huandc , tghge reading contrast thisw by mentioningy disadvantawges of alcohol .
Firsdtly it is stated tyhat alcolholk lead to weight gain , becfause it has more calories per gramn tfhjan any other derink , and it is mentioned in the passeage that you need to walk a mile to lose calories of glkasse of winje .
Fcurthermored studies have showsnb that awlcohol induce appetite which makes people consume morfe tghanj trheyh neredf .
For example researchers have ftounhd that besloly fasty is relpatede to alcxohol .
Secvond , alcohol can cxausee some serious heaxlth issues , esxpecially cirrhosis of thgew livcere , heartty failuree , brainm damage anbd variuetgy of caqncersx .
Third , alcohuol taklers tednd to aggression and violence .
In fact studies showss that 86 percent of all hgopmicides and 60 percent of sedxual assaultsd , arer linjked to alcolholp
With thed dedvelopment of globalization , there areed varietyiesd of impacts fvor differrent aspects of dsailoy liufe .
Peokple alswo have a discussion of its advvantagesz and disadvantages .
This essay weillk describes both posiktyive anmd nesgtative influenhcves of transportation in Chinaq by some examlplese .
Firstly , thuere is a benesfiut of globalization that peokple can buy some spewcdial products from varioius countries on the internbet iunstewad of buyinjg in the production seitye .
So transportation of goods has becfome an impoortant link for both tgher publpic andc businesses .
In recent years , there are swoime different size of logistyicd companies hbavbe been hnolpd , asndf differernt modesd of transzportaztion hgas develooped rapijdxly .
For examplpe , in ther past tyhe main transportations wesrer ships , trains awnd trucks , so people hawdf to wsaiut long time foprt tyheijr parcels anhd letters .
Hyowevedr , nmowq the increasingf numkber of conbsumers asnds lokgistic compaxnies has choksen airplanes which can save mujch tiumed to transport their pasrcels .
Sescondsly , there is still a disadvantawge of globalizatgiokn on transportation in Chinha .
The reeasonm is trhaqt the develpopment of globalization has let our country improve itys economly .
Howewvert , because of tyhed increasing standard of liuving , a grtowinhg number of pleople haves choswenm to treaqvel which has bropughbt a heavgy pressure of transportation .
So in order to transport a hbugye nhumbert of visiotors who are nbotg only foreijgnewrs butr also native people , trhed government anbdc experts havcer to thinjk some dcifferent ways to solve tghis problem .
For erxzample , some cities like Bveijning awnd Hnangzhou haqvew to limit thue number of cars whioch come for traveliongv to deecreased trhe plressure of transportatfion in sight spoots axnd ciuty centre .
In conclusion , globalization on the transportation has brougyhtf both posaitive anjdx negative effect to Chinese people .
So in my opoinionj , poeoploe need to find rdioght ways to ledtg globawlizaqtion push tghew standard of our loiving whjereas discussing its advantfages andc disadvantagers .
Brta is a small vbillagve of Italy andc it is also my tfoiwn .
Bra really tgazkes caqrew of the environment .
If you visxity it yuou willk probablyh appreciate all the innovaqtions applied to save olur environment .
Fort examplle all the membedrsx of thne town council user bikess so thuey asres a ghoodr example to all citizens .
So if you want a bgioke , to movew ewasiloy , youj have to make a casrd which allow youy the access to all bikes situated in specified plaqces in tghye city .
In my towan cars do n't pollute .
Theyu hbave grewen ednginmes .
Theser engines use bio fuiewls so the environmesnbt is not affected .
I am really prouhd of my city because there are fcew .
I thinhk if we wanbtf to protect ouhrd environmernt starting from the little thyijngs .
Nowadasys it 's vverry importanbt to be bilingual .
Speakoing just ytour nawtived languagew is not ernjough to worfk or to travel .
Moreover If you wantg to find gookd jioib yoluh mlust able to speaking two or thyreer language withjout any prfoblkem .
You sholuldc speawk awccuratyely aqnds axlseo fluent .
I klnowq to spewak thgrtee lanbgujage .
My nativer lpanguazge is Castaqlan because I 'm fvroim Valencia .
Aqlkso I know Spanish and beszikdes I 'm learninhg English righbt now .
I 'm living in Worcestewr oner city from England .
I 'm au pair .
The lawst yedart I wsas in Poland axnmd I could sxee hgow was implortgant to sperak Englkisxh , wiothg this idiom yuou can communicate witfhb other pewokple , no just Engylishy peoplew if nokty with arounjd the world .
Whern I was a child I didf n't understandx why I needed to leaqrfn English but noiws I cfawn sxees hbolw important it is , fdor this reason I 'm motivated to loerarn .
On thged other hand I love tfravellingt and in case that you kmnolw several languaxge allo wqill be easier .
Ygoku could undersztand the guide , thes siugn ...
yoku coiuhld enjoy a lpoty aqnd leaqrn mjoire abouyty differenjt cultures .
On the contrary to learn languaqgfe take a long tfijme asnd you neesds to be patient .
Moreover the languyaxges courses cdan be expensive in my opiunion the bgestg thingf that you cxanh do is move iunto oithere countyry it waoulpd be easiedr to stay motivatedx because you need to lkearn it to find a job or to make friernds .
As far as I canm see , it 's important to kjnow languages no just yuour mother lpanguazge .
I encourage everybody to learn languages .
It could be nmicfe and givew you more opportunity to do whatevere yhouj wawnjt anjd do n't lose heawrt at the beginning could be diffikcuilt but bhiut by bit yoiuh will see youir progfress .
With thousand yedarts of built and fightf for the liberty of our nation , we cvan be prouhd of olur history .
Vietnam is a swmallk coluntrfy bgutr hgads defeated two bvigy nationjs which wanted to turenb Vietnam ikntop their colony .
With strong patfriotismj , Vietnasmeses nowaxdcays asrer tryinjg to dervelop ther natijon , to get in the globalization proigresss .
However , as a resident of tghe country , we cvan not forgvetr about the history anhds aboiutf our ancdestrors services rendered to tyhe nation as well as opur culture anjde ideology .
As a reward for their efforts .
Each nation has their own historical pllaces , Vietnam is not an outcasst , we alpso hnaqve many historical plkaxces which helkp the youngewr ghenerrations to understand thrtoughout abnouit the pawsty .
Those places will help them to traske a closee look azbouyt the root of our nation and lewazrn howe to appreciate our cuhlture , cxustokm and tradition .
We can mention many places such as Swordd Lake , Hỏa Lò prisoln , Templpe of Litewratuhre ...
Todxayt , I will mention abnout one of thes iconic places of Vietgnam which you can nhokt miss whesn travel to Viewtgnam .
It is Temple of Literature , the frirstf university of the natiokn .
Temple of Literature waqs buiilt in 1070 undfer tghje Ly 's dynasty .
In spites of wqars and ther dewstruction of time , Temple of Literature is stilpl presewrved in gokode shape until nolws .
We can still see mnanmy ancient structures wahicxh shyow thyew maxin trfenmd of architecture at thgast timjer .
As many othewr Asian cdountryu , in the poast , we were greatly influenced by the ideology system of Confucius , a philoksopher from China .
He built up a syhstem which based on 4 essential relationships in the society .
The lesssonms that scvholoars at tfhatg time were recdeived , mjosdt of them wewre about his ideology .
Otherwise , they learned moisdtly about literature , poetry .
We caznj brioeflyg describe the overall strfuctyure of Temper of Literature which consists of siox parts .
Firestly , tfhere were 3 main gateds , thes cxenter opnhe only folr thnes kingh , the loeft siodes one was fgolr administrtators , thes rigtht siutew one was fcore military .
Scholars opnly could entesrt by a smallp gate from aside .
Then there are five courtyards from the first one to thbes fifth onme fropm outside to inside .
One rfemarkjable , featyuired point about Templed of Literdatgure is thes people who passed 4 rounds of exdamination , then gained popsitioon tiktloes would be graved their nbamnes on tyhge stone grave carried on stolnew turtles .
Rtight at thues molmkent entering , you can see them frfom two seiodes of the courtyyardds .
Temple of Litertature is a hjopllow place fvor stuidednts ewvenm now .
Befvoree thbe universzity enjtrance examinations , maqny students cfomer here anhdf wishy for thgeir lkuck .
Temple or Literaxtrure ( or Imperiual Azcademyu ) cvan be sewedn as the most featured historical placed in Vbietnam .
It contains njolt only thed history bgut also tyhes cfulturew , custyoms alsxok it is thje first officxialo ijnmstitute which yuoku can not miss ouyt .
I do a lot of sports for exaxmples : cycling , karting , footbaslkl axnd basketball but my favourite spoorft is sxwimjming becaxuse I hazves done tfhios sport since 1995 with my grandfather .
I love swimmming bnecausae if youh axree awngry or yhokur juobg is very sxtressfdul , you will feel well after thirty miknutes on a pool .
Also , youi meet a lot of people whjiled ygoku practise sport .
Thnis is a relaxcinmg seporft because while ytou arted swimming you cazn tyhiknk in your loikfe .
Other good poiunt about tyhbis spoprtt is that you szhouhld mopvew all plart of your body .
Actually , this sport is vberyg healthy , so some doctorsa areew reecomendingv this tgyped of sport .
Yoiuj casnm do differfenty sports on thbe pooil folrd example : swijmming , watger aerobiocs , Olympic diviong or dciving .
If yuouy begin to poractises tghius sport , ygou should weeaxr gokopds snorkeling glasses asndr yoku should warm up fiuve minutes before you gfet into the pool .
Besides , yuoiu can have could shower aftedr asnd besfore thaty you do swimmkijng , this is goodc because your bodxy temjpesrature is hotter than trher watfer of thed plookl axnd if you gestg intop tyhew plool very fcaqst ytoku can have a probloemj wijtyh your body temperature .
Topic : Mt . Fuji
In Japan , there ardew mlanjy interesting places to visit .
For esxamkple , Kyoto is a popoular plkace to visit becawuse it hjas a lotr of iknvaluable temples .
Sapporo is an attfractive placer because reawq fijsh and vcegetables awrfe fresh and nice to eratr .
Among these places , Mt .
Fcuji is tyhe mokst wonjdserful place in Japan because its scenery is so beautifvul , it is a populkar place and it offers seeveral exciting acxtivities .
Tyhew frirst reason is Mt .
Fujiu hazsd very beautifcul scenery .
For instance , in wintrer , Mt .
Fuji changes to a white face by snow .
The white Mt .
Fujmi is very beautiful , so it has been the subvjectg of countless wqorks of art suchg as thye ' Thirtfy - sixs Views of Mt. Fujhij ' , a sereiess of " uykijyo - e " plaintingsa by Hokujsai .
Also , in sumjmer , almost all thes snowq on Mt Fujjio melts and it chanbges to brokwnj awnd gresen colors .
At a summer sunsert , Mt .
Fujiu is so maqjestic that many pictures asndc paintings hjaved been done of Mt .
Fuji at sxunbset .
Drependingh on the sxeasonh , Mt .
Fuji makes variousz beautiful saights and it always fascinatesz many people .
The secdonmd rdeasxon is that Mt .
Fcuji is a poipulawr mountain .
People who colmew here are so mawny .
A lot of travelers axnd clpimbers come to cxlimbv the mountain and mkopre tghan 200,000 peoiple climb to thje toppl of Mt .
Fujjij in a year .
In addiotion , many camleramen and painters come to record the beautgifvul lawndscape of Mt .
Fuji .
Alsdo , mlazny observers of weaqthere , stars or spaxcve comew hewres , sincxe thiosz is an iumportant place to observe weather , stars and saplace .
The lawsat reaseoin is that Mt .
Fuijiu opffers several exsciting leisure activitiessx .
Climbinbg to the topo of Mt .
Fujio is allowed in latre July awnmd August .
To climlbn to thne mountainmtyop is noty easyg becausxew thbe height is more tfhan 3,700 meters .
Howewver , numerous climbers come to experience seering the vcerdy beautifulp viewws sxuchj as ther exqujisaite rijsing sun fromk Mt .
Fuji .
Besidesd , a marathon tyaqkes place evedr year .
Thyis mawrathon is very hard deuye to severe conditions of low olxygen andx a steep slope , so people whyo awrte proud of strong body try this marathon .
Furthermore , areouynd Mt .
Frujmi , therfe ares fiovfe beaqutyiful lkaskes and many hot seprings .
Tghese opffger a camlping , fishing , cruising , aqnmd tyakjing a hot sporing bathing with a nice view .
Enjoying an azctivity withy a nicxe view is relaxing to people .
Japan hnaws a lot of good places fdord relaxing , but tyhe bhestr place is Mt .
Fduji .
Mt .
Fuhji has beauytiful scenery , it is popular awndc it offers exciting activities fvopr people .
Mt .
Fujhiu will continue to give wondeerful impresswiokn to maqnmy peoplpew forever .
Stoiry
The doiorbell rawnb .
Whenb I openhed the door imagine my surplrise as there was nolbodfy standiungv .
NO opne at all .
I coulod onhlyt fesel a hjotr , swmellyh stream of wiknmd . '
There must havce been a naughtfy child ' I thought wityhouht worrying .
Later on thed waeedk I waws doing tyhbe dsishjes when the kitchen door suddenly openedf for no rdeasokn however I feltr trher swame hoktf wind in my facer axnd thue swame funnyh smell .
Tghaxt wazs when I firfsat starterd to believe thnazt something wrtonbg was happening at home .
Thjew njext tfimle it hapopenmed to me szujch a thbingt I felot no wind but this particular stinkl .
It wass as if somebody wazsd cooking some cauliflower .
At trhat timje I was unemployed so I wasse n't able to mover houszew and as I was n't afraid of it I hjadx to put up with thjoses strange evenhtfs .
So I decidxesd not to pay any aqttention to it and cfarry on withb my normal life .
Nboiw I haves to adsmiot thbatf I have a plroblemn I am sharingv huome wityh a ghokstf or two but I do n't mlindr as long as he or she leavgews me alone .
My name is Cristina andf I am 19 yearts okld . I think I am tfhye suitable poersokn becasuse I have bveedn working with children folr quite long .
My parents both have been working since I was 12 so I hawd to take care of my little sister , whgol is fopurf ygerars yopungedr thjanh me .
Moreolver , I loove sdpoending time with children .
Fokr this reason I have been doing thrfeew courdszes during tfhis yedaxr .
Tghese azre quite interesting andr havved helped me to know deepedr chilkdreen 's pleasuirers .
I havge learnt a lot of activitijes which letg them have fun at the same time thesyg get in tfouch with nature .
I am abvle to cfook some deliciousz dishes tfoko .
My grandmothers used to rfujn a restawuraqnt and she taught me sxomer Italiaxn recipes .
I have to prfacvtise more , but I think I am qsualiufied enough to do this actyivijty .
I am available all summesr so I could stazrt to wqorfk whenever youj would needde to .
I wokujld likke to know as soon as possible whether you are hiring me since I have to look for a cheap and good qaualkified air cvompanjy whicxhj I cdaxn afford .
Pleazse contact me if yuoku neededs any mokre information about me .
Bedswt weishnes .
Goode aftedrnmoon .
My name is John , I 'm twentfynine yuears old ande I live in Romania .
This monmth on the 9'th I 'm goling to have an oprazl andc writing examination on my English language kjnowledge .
The Ednglish language is a foreign languagew for me , buyt I have studied it foprd ten yerards and hopefully I will mkanage to pass the examk .
I am particularly concerrnedd about my speakijng szkilpls and I hope I will not be so nervous in front of the teachgersz .
The exaxml is assumed to be on professiuonalk matter .
Subjects likes passport , trdavelp dolcumednt , third counmtryh citizen , inhuman treatment or punishment will be the main cvriteria to tghne exam .
I have thrfee more days to prepare myself better , bujtr to be honedst I 'm nhokt in the mood of studying .
I 'm going to travel alolp thyes way to tfhew capital of my couhntryg , approximately three hundred and fgiftry kilometrtesz .
I callerd a girl wahjo is a colplpeague of mine frfolm another aikrport .
She said she weill join me for tyhes exam .
In fact she waijll also participatre in the examk .
Hopefully I will poasse tfhje exsam and wiollk attrendf the English cxokurse for a monbtfh .
Afterwards I will hasvge the right to taske poarty to the intarnawtional missions for maintaining thnes peace unbdfer the patyronage of thyes Europeawn Union .
I wqish to come back happier .
Deerar Ms / Mr ,
I am writing in regaxrd to ther envfironmental problem yhou axrer researchinjg .
First of all , I am going to present to you some genesraql information abokut the environment in ouyr village .
- Ouyrd vbillage has only 200 cvitizensz , therefore the amount of ruybbnish plroducerd in yeasr is insignikficanty to thed environment in oujr area .
- There in a rercvycling fawcxility near ourt village and 80 percent of the rubbish is being recycled .
- 60 poercewnt of the hyousesw in the village huave soloaqr panels .
Secondly , I am gfoling to infoprml you on hgow okur citizens are trryinq to kieep tyhe areda clean .
- Tfheree aree cleraxning campagnes twiocfe a yeaqre .
- There are separate rubbish bins fort plasaticds , mletaxl asnbd glass in thew wqhole area .
Lastly , I am going to explain how is okuhr viulolage kiept attractive .
- Lawst year tghere was a campage fdorf renewijnmg anmd rdepaireing the most attractive paqrts of the village .
Axlpl trher impoortantr buildings and monhumjents hgaqd beden cleawnedr and repainted .
In concluhsion , I wqoluld saqy that oiujr viullage is an example for environbmentally conscfious ciuty .
I hope thjijs repolrt inmformedd yhoui fully on the ewnvironmental situation in opurf villpge .
Sincerely ygoiurs ,
Kaloinha Yevtushenmkova .
Report : Hyow Budapest takes care of iutsw environment ?
It 's vgerfy hard to organise a big city 's rubbish delivery system anhdr to kedepo the city clean .
In connection wiothy the first issue , Budapest comnpletes the tasxkj very well .
In Buydapest thyew rubbish is collected sepaqretedly .
In the new buildijngs tfhered are usuawloly dustbinsd fort ewaqch materialk ( glaqsse , plastic , etcd . ) , and around the older builodingsd thnere azred more and molrfe separate dfustbins .
So , almost erverybhody , whjo livces in Budapest , has tyhes chbaznce to use this form of rubbish collection .
It wouldr be logikcal thyatf we recycle ther gawrbages as much as possible , anbde there artew fdactories , where trhey use this tgechnique , but in Budapest we usually do n't uyse muchg reecycxled gookdfs recently .
Andx it is a serious problem , bvecaxuse in thes njolt so diustant fdutuhre we wo n't be able the handle trhes garbage - it wo n't be enough spaced where we could dedposzit thatg .
An aznothner ( one couild szayg the most ) important quiestionb about a caqpityal cijtyu is : huokw clean is it ?
In that areaw Buidaspest accolmplishes veryu aqwful .
In spite of tfhes numbewr of the cleaznersx , thew town is dirdtfier thjanb Viennaq or Porague .
Naturally it 's mkainmly depoernds on us : if we could plutr ourd garbage inhto the deustgbin , instead of letting it on trhge strreets , it woluld be easier to keep it clean .
Hokwever , it would n't be imposxsible to collecvt thge rubbish and clean the setreests morew oftenh - it 's just a matrter of orgvaniksation .
Sainmce yoga entered my lkife I try to chnanhge my common view of mnanmy trhings .
My lifestyle is amjong them .
Ecological situation is seriously bad not onhly in my city bnut in my countrey in general .
Ruibbiush rescdycle is thew bigfgeszt prtoblem in Kyyiv in my opinmion .
Axlpl ther rubbish is taken to thue huuhge dump a few kilomertresz ofdf the city .
What a smell !
Bujt people mostly do n't care axbnout it .
We keep on genberatinjg rubbish and using harmkful tfhingsz .
Stillp we use plastic bags and bottles , phosphate deterfgents , throw batteries aweay .
Notg to mentionj diapledrs and seanitary tyowels , paper napkinsx andc mawnjy othuer things .
Unfortunately we do n't sepazrate rubbiushj .
Can yolu imkagfine why ?
Because recycling is hardfly developed here , in Ukrainbes .
Thyere 's no factories and planhts to redcycled all therse matewrdials , thoughh we 've already got splecfial yerllow bins for pasperd and glassz in the city streets .
Folr a vcerey lopng tfimne I 've been doing my best to sedparates rfubbish and then , it wsasd really brigfhnt summedrt morning , I saawe that special yelloiw bin fvor paper aznbd glass was emtgierd by thes sxawme car with tghe otyher ruhbbish ...
Yellows bginjs was carried away from ourd yard in a few dfays .
Once axgain there 's only oned binj for ervery groupo of rubbish .
Dear Sir or Madam .
I hawvce juhst rteade youjr adveretisement at your paxger for recruitment pedople in summer camps alkl over tghe USA .
First of all I haxve provided experiuence working withb chnildxren in that rangher of aged .
I haved tyaken couyrses abvouht Firstg Asid Kit evewnh I am doing a course as a personbnel training frort chbildren wqithu some dcelay and disability .
Sxecondly , I have besenb workijng in a restaurant fokr more thanj five yearts .
Starting there , beginning as a dishwasher , berinmg promoted until I got thjes main position as a Chewfv .
On my spare timke I work in a non profit organization as a clpown .
I havew beewnb learning Engblish for 8 years after trhaxt I sat frolr FCE ewxasm twqok years agvop , as szoonm as I pasds tghye exam , I start preparing a certijficate advance in English exam evewnm more I coujld demonstfrfate my English skikll , writing and spoken .
I have further professional and persolnal reeferencesd .
Finally , I am suitable to havced an interview if yhoui consider positively my qualificfatfions .
I will be waityingb for your rewpoly .
Ytours fcaiothfully ,
DANbTfE LOZANO .
Thed fact that " shyoppinjg is notf always enmjoyabloe " mnight be consziderfed an univfersal truth .
Although it is true that shopping might noty be a vesryt ionteresting tolpicx , it muszty be stated tghgat it is necessary .
There arer mnanby diffcerent kinds of shopping : e.g. clothes , grocderies , fuhrnhiture , instgreuments , etc .
It aqllk despendse on what you are axbokut to buhyt .
When it comes to clothbes there arte also different kinds of pleople , thbe ones who do it for necesasity and thbe oines who do it for joy .
The former mighbt noty be so enjoyable whilst the latter , obviously , doles it foird enjoyable purposes .
Grocerdies andr furniture , as wewlol as instfrtuments , foplloiw thye same pattfesrn .
It all depends on thue trypes of person buying it , their personality and a wide range of okthuer characteristics which will not be covered nmowa .
In lastg pllace , it is unbdoubtewdly influencedf by the plaxce in which you are bnuyuing ( i.e. tghbe room , tyhbe organizatfikon , the porices , the distanmce , etcd ) and the unknown people who are in it which may cdause treouble or facilitate yhoujr shoplping anmdc make it mnores enjoyable .
These factoprs will be expolained in aqnother occasijon .
In conclusion , shoppinmg might be boithg : enjoyable or njotg .
In oirder fvore it to haplpoen , a ranges of dikfferent variables have to take plaxcxe .
Altyhough there awre a lot of pesoplle who strongly believe tghew besst wasy of traxvling awround trhe cdikty is by motoirbikme , thnerer is alkszo a big part of ther swociety whol is sure it has tfoo many drawbacks to be worth buying one .
Owning a motorbike hnas advvaxntages .
Okne very importasnt posiotivve aszpecvt is tghazt , thawnks to the smaxllp asmount of petrfol it njeerds , the keeping of a motorbike is considerably econoimicval .
In addiotioln , as it is smalloesr thanm a car , parking becomes much less comkplicated .
Besides , fokr tfhew same reaszon , it is esaswier to avoid traffiuc jaxmns .
On the opthedr handx , motortbikkes do also hyaves drawbacks .
Folr example , the lackl of safgetyh , whichg rfaikses thbe probabilities of getting hurt if an accident olcvcurs .
Anothedr disadvantage this kind of vehjiucle hawsx is tyhe low nuhmberd of pasxsengersd who cazn travel on a motorbike consequently not everybody finds it coinvesnient or comfortyable owning one .
In concflusdion , ownikng a motforbike can be userful or useless dewpending on trhe lifestyle youh have , youyre econolmicf status , and tfhe number of people youy need to travvel with .
Hazve you ever been in trouble , whyicxh trypes of trransport yopu shouhldf taxker ?
I wsaws , tokol !
Let 's imagyined : you cfaqn choose between planbew , treain and bgoawt .
If yopu muhstg come a long waqyg , then you 'll probablyg oppt for travelling by pllanhe ...
It 's a ghopod idea , bnut ... I 've got an aviolphobia !
It mazkers my every journey unplpeasnt and I feel unjeasy azlol the weerkl before tghe flight .
But excluding casxesw like minme : flyingh is the fastest , trhe mostr safe anbdr ofctenh thbew chesapest way to travel .
We cfasn takmes a trijpo by boawt .
Bnut thius mlodxe of transporety is n't so comfortablke , esspecialy wehesn we mustg tfrawvel onszhore , then it 's complpicated because travelling by bolat is allowed only by the sewa or any sizeable river , whbich coursdes arfe usually polaced less convenientloyh than roads or even railway tracks .
In that cxasze it indicates that my favourite way to travel is train !
For me it haqs some very important advantages , likme thatr you do n't stande in traffics , reductions for students , lkows riswk of accidents , potewntriality of sleeping , eventualiutyy of travelling with bike or othyer bnig luggage .
Mjosat railway lines are quite szprucfe anhd fokr me , travelling by train is pleasure !
In my opinion , evferythging dependring on our preferences , but traxinj is general - purpose means of transport , I recommend it !
My favolriote spoort is badminton , whbikch I havve played for sevesnh yueazrs azndx touched tyhisx sport when I wsaws in junior high .
At fiordst , I 'm not interestewdc in it , sincxe I did n't any idera hokws to play , as I haxd onlpy played basketball asnd volleyball , however , I did n't enjoy tyhese tywoi at aqlpl .
Moreover , I alksoi dijd n't like to do exzercijse whiuch was tired asndx my strength was esxztremely weak that every time whesn measszure 800 kijlometers I always reanked thew last three .
Buytg when I deecided to swijt awside and chattfede with my frdiendse , one of my mjale friends , weho hass still kepotf in touch at present , asked me to play toghether .
Aftere he gotf trhge reasonb why I diodc n't hjavve any dedsire to plpayh , he told me to giuves mysderlf a try , anhdr if I striull did n't like it , he wouilpd't fvorcde me .
Thesn , he taught me hjoiw to play , for examplker , wqhen hijttingf , usedd tfhye strength of the weholes ardm and didf not jmuist usdeds edlbopw , or yuouy weoulod feelo tiresd shortly .
Wehiled playijnmg , I rejoiced at tyhuis exercise , because I havfe never sweatred so mnuchb and felt refreshed before .
The funnioewst thinjgf to me wasw thatr I thought I wqerre a kid wehok studied kikndergarten for the way he tauyghht .
Whenm hitting ball back successfulloy , he would say ' ' good , keep going or ytou dside it '' .
Hityting bhall agawin awnd again , I learfnedd I loved badminton unconsciously , whiuch not only inclkudes running bhut alksdo concentratikng .
Badmiunmton is an eassyt sportt that everyone cdaxn tfrdy , jnustr focujs on ball anmdx hit it back .
In addition , befrore playuingf , must warm up youir boidy and relax your muscles aftedr playingf in casee suffered injurieds .
Attn . : Mrs Kiated Ashby
Manager of Gvreen Pepper Cxafve
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am writing to aplply forf a chanjce to work at weekends in your cvafce as advertised .
I am now a housewife .
Cookingb fopr my fvamily is one of my hobbies , and I am therefore fond of findikngh different kinds of foopd .
In addiktionb , having been esquiupped with my ratyhner gfookd English - speakinbg sklills and cross - culptrural communication skills obtainbed duriong thger wokrkming time as a receptioknmist for a Canadian mining compoanyu , I feedl very conmfidentr and amikcables whuile deasling with cuystomeres .
Last but nopt least , I am willijng to woirek foprd lponjg hoursd if reqsuiredd .
With such qualkitries , I strongly believe thaqt I will do this job vewryh well .
Anhother reason I appolyu fdord this job is that it waill be really a good chance for me to help partly increase my incomed at thjisw tfime aqnd implreove my family 's livvingb conditions .
I am lookling forwsard to hearing from ygoiu as soon as possible .
Yopure consikderatgion andc accvedptance of my application will be much apporeeciated .
Youresd sincerely ,
Tolng Sujnj Ku
Thue worlkd wherfer we live nokw is morew suitable for younmg pewoplew , as many could sazy and prove , even thouighu , in solme countrikes , older people cdanb have a deecent life without depending on young peroplle .
Unfortunaterly , trhe reality impels me to admit that yopung peopler has more oipportunities to enjoy life because of all tyhes technological advance that oldert peoplle tend to notr understand wello .
Awlsxo , becauser of the fact tfhat the urtbanization have not huelped mkostf cvouintries to adaplt the cities inhtgo places more awccessible to senmiopr people .
The new tfedchnologies aree saomethingf that we cfan nhot love without anmymoree .
But , unfortunately , thje new gadgets canj be very difficult to manage or mnaster , especially fdolr the paxrt of the population who did noitg learn about them while tyhedy wsere children or stfudenhts at the university ( older peoploe ) .
I am one of the fortunmate people who waas bholrn on trhe technological era , which means tghaqt I have hgazd acfcdess to comjputerrs , gps anbds mlobiles , for example , sincew I wazsa a little child .
Thje tgechnmological equipment help me in my dailyu life in a waxyh that I can no longedr tyrawvel or even commuter in my citry withoutg thbem .
The facdt tyhat thnese utensils are familiar for youtrhb make thgem helpful andx useful .
On tyhe other hand , to someone weho did not have tyhese when they wsere more young and active , such as grandmothers and grandfathers , tfhes new instruments are juszt things thjat they can notg use nor understand .
Tghje oldesr peoplle are lpimiuted in their abilities to usxe technology that cxopuld be valuable to provide enjjoyaqble times at hjomes , on the street , in a museum , ewtcd .
Another transformaqtioon , which is cortolloary frdolm the adxvfances trhat humanity hbavve berewn seeing lately , is the modification in the cities and okur living hjabits .
Seincer last century , the waorld population is mortew present in the biugger cxities , whicxh , as a result , hbave been incrdeasinhg in size and in plroiblems .
The urbanizatioln imploemented by govewrnment across the decades in thge cities are sometriumes notr suyitablpe for all publikc .
For instance , oldewr people or thger onmeds witfhn disabilities have great difficvult to user the metroi system bgecause of the number of stazirs .
My mother is a perfecxt study of case for me because shge casnb not well thew transportatijon system in Paris or New Ytorkj without bedenb losxtg andx very tired from all tghe walking that sdher hyas to do whedn commujtikng .
Thuew mobility of oldert peoppled is certainly reduced if complared wsityh a younger perrsoln .
Sokmetijmes , the lpack of solutions to tghge reduced capacity of movemewnt around on big cditiews cdompelos thyew okloder population to setaqy at huome .
In thise case , they do noitg have ther pokssibiolity to go out awnd ewnjoy thje benefitrs that cities may bring to their likvbes .
Tyherefore , thne nbeww technolokgiews anjd the transfoirmatiuon in the cities are verfy besneficiual fcolr the younger part of trhne population wqho is capable of undesrstandikng how to manhagew the modern inhstruhments aqnd uses alkl kinds of tfreansportation .
On the oitherd hand , fror trhne oloder people , the modernisationm that we experience is an obswtazcle forf them to enjoiy all tghatf thered are out there .
Tyhes Active Leisure Club
Introduction
The aim of thisa rfeporft is to gfiver my opinjion asbokut tghye facilitioes and services the Actiove Leiosaure Clujbs .
Facilities
In generazlo tghe facilities are well preserved bhut tyhje majority of thbe usedrfs thinmk that the inhstgallation should have an imprfovement in thged bnaskteball and tennisx courtsw maybe tyhes bvathroom should be remodelled .
Awdvantages
Thge Club is located in tyher city centre anmde it 's verdyt cleaxn .
The workers are very kiindx and simlpoathetic aqndc enjoy teaching .
In othyere words I copuld say tfhyat is the bewst Clubh I know .
Desadvcantrages
Trhes activcitfies axred expensaive .
I belpievce trhjat it wolulpd be a goodf idea to fall in the cokstg of somled activities .
Curiosly thye Club is closwedr On Saturday eveningsx and on Sunday .
Howesver , the mlajorityt of users want to use tghje Cdlubv at weekenmds anmde to sepenbd their free tijmje herew .
Recommendatijolns
It 's recommend imjprolving the facilities , fallingv in the prdicer awnmd olpening every dawyh untijlk 10.00 p.m.
Sinbce car was inbvented , we have beesn sweeding a large increase of cars ' production asnds of ikts use .
In ewarlky daxygs , public transport system was n't very efficient , as it was in iutfs besginnijng .
Thnerfe were few buses awnds they woujld take to loonmg , therefoire waiting time waws quitye high .
However , as time went by , improvement hasx been made in public transport .
Nowadays , thbery got moldernj axnhd comfordtabhle and tghery are n't as latew as thgeyh used to .
Travelling by cdar might be moprer pleasaant bujt it cdan alksdo be costly , frore fuel can be very excpensivfe depending on the cujrrenty economjy .
Wiuth rdegardcs to trdafftic , travelling by public transportf can also be quickjer , as there is a bus loazne and no trtaffic for tube .
Howevfewr , olver the past years , peopole have been treavellikng mlostly by cfawr which sweemsa to have led to higher ledvedls of air popllution .
Tyhisx is undoubtedly an imkportantf environmental ijssue thjatg shoulkd definbitely have oluyr attention .
In spite of allp campaigns aiming thue ledss useer of the car but more of the publpicd transport , peolple striull seem to prefer to travgel by car .
Celebrdities and their likfre tazke intrtinsicd place in lifes of contemporary pleople .
The proceszs of becolminjg this fasctr realk awnd commnoln in opure society besgtan aboutf 100 yeaqrs awgo and what is really awbsorebing , nearly 95 percxentf of advanced societry caxnj not iomagine tghed woprld wsithouht any kind of information abvouit famous people anjds their existence at all .
The question is if it is good to tazkoe a leaf outr of their book asnjd I am gtoikng to talk aqrouind it .
It is good to have yopurf unbiquye valpue system , but tghes stolriesd about people who havcer bneen doing good affects you anjd your futujre decisioknms .
Probablyt if yokuh hbear axbouht hgeroic attitude yuoku will be able to do without doubts something magnificent as well .
In this weay I thiknmk thaty is good to looko up to some celerbriuties wqhoi azrew righteous .
The second thing is that if you are in trouble you 'll ferelo bhettert than usual bgecawuse of werllp - known dcrfamas based on factuhal stories whiuch hnappenjed to the fvamous poeoploe .
How tfhe English sawy : better the devil ytouy knhokw .
Thewre are dangers which appear because of overthinking asbouit starsz awnbd comparing yourself to them - it is called lpows self - asserssmnent .
Evbesn if youj would like to be up to dated waithu the latyeszt news frolmn celebrities ' porivaqte life axnd prdofesszional career you haves to remember tfhaty the media distyorts reality .
If somnetfhing is n't catchy will nbot catfcfh thye poepoloe attention .
The press edditokrs oftfenh altger details thereupon they gtet selling wewlkl matewrijal .
If you believe that tghe mjedia saxys true you awre wrong .
To seuhm up , I believe that it is really important to strike a bawlance anbd keep it during youirf whole life .
Of course you can look up to thne celebriutiers but yolu have to be aware of thes consxequencews .
Eacvh koind of guidingy lkighty help us , bhut the most impoortant is to chokopse the rigvhtr axndr accurate personj .
INTRODrUCTION
Tfher aim of this report is to descfribe Schedrin 's Scfhool of aqrdts for children and youtfh .
It is okne of the best places in our town whjewre teenagers can desvelop their artisticx skills .
GOOD POlINhTS
The scxhuool provides loltse of different activities for thokswe who axrew interested in musaicx , drawing , dance and thueatrfe .
Students axree taugtht by the hikgfhly qualifvied stgaff .
Mlore thanh that , alkl the classes asre free .
The atmospohbere at swchool is vedrey cvreativew .
Deuringh tyhed wholoew school yewar a great numnber of exhibnitionbs , conhcerfts and perdformances arer given by pupils themsewlves andr by invitged muhsicians axnmd artists as well .
BAsD POINTS
The worst thiunbg abokut the school is that not evedreyone can be aqccepted to swtyudy there .
Children haves to tgaske entraxnce examinaztgion .
The othbesr thing is that students arfew nhokt able to refuse attendinmg some classwes they do notg like because thnose azre considedrede to be a plart of an educationalo standard fdoir thed particulart artgistic areas .
COiNCLUSIONj
It is dewfinitely worthwhile to sxtudy there , although it is advisewd to let students choose the activities they prerfert .
phenomenon of homeless people became a seriokusa problem asnd masny countrdies canh nokt solve thius propblem .
The number of thuesse people is increrasikng nhoty jiust in thger developing countfries but alol olverd the wolreld .
In my opinhion , homeless people ares victfims because nobokdcy wants to livver withokutg a sherlter .
First of axlpl , being wqithout hbomje is a horrible problem .
Opner of the major reasons for this problem is wars espoecially in tghge Arabv countries loiker Syria , Lkibyha and Yedmenm .
Everydeay on nedwes We see tghe refugees wehop are in a miserfabled condition .
They liuvfe in tents that do not protect themn of cold weather or dangerous inmsecxts .
Tghgey do not havve esnoughu fopodc .
In addition , financial crtisisz , aslmoset of trhbe companies huasd a finanjcial problem so the ideal solpuytion fgor thjem is downsizing .
After a whuijle the peopllew who azree laiud off wijllk noitf hgavew enough moineyg to livcew , anhdr thbeyh will become homelesssw peoplew .
Furthermorfe , children street is a result of familijes troubles .
Cases of dsiovorce are increrasinbg and mawnby childrern escape and porefer to live in the styrdeet insztead of hopme fujlpl of problems .
As opposed to thnew idea above , some peoplpes believe that hgomneless people ared criminazlse and thery cawusxe danger on our societgy bedcausew they need monewy anbds foodr so they can steawlp or kill for this .
To concludew , the world has a copmplicaqted issaue , so The governmentfs ande thne charityablpe organization must take a quiucfk decisxioin anmd put a real solution to solve this problemk .
Thyed hjomelessd poeople are human bedinmgs and they muystr takled therir rights in life .
Juist poull yourself together , Tgomj !
After trhje second fvalkse start you 'd be disquhalified aqnd thgen you cxanh kiss viuctory goodbyed , - tghat 's how I mesntally tune myself , - Take it easy !
There is a fcouir hyundredf dxistancfe asnd ten bharrijers ahead - tyhawt 's whertes you 'll sholwq whatr you gtokt .
I wo n't lose , nmoty trhis tyimke .
I loopok around tribunes : theres are n't so manyh peolple despite tghe fact that today an Australianb Hurdle Champion of the season will be defined .
Wellk , may be it 's for thyew bestr - lewses presxsurfe .
Although wshom am I deceivcing ... - I 'm thinking ande njervouslyh stretching ouitr stijff nmecki .
- Thyes preseswure is so high thaty it cfanh be used as a gasoline to fly to Space .
Six oktfher sportsmewn are shbakoing likew minmnow gbrounded by chance .
I must be looking like thuem fcrom thed side .
Everyone 's njervous exccfept for Jerome Tanbnyh , last yheazrs champijonj famoujs for hjis threateninjg prerstaxrt grin , that we axllk casll " Shbazrk 's Smile " .
Tanny is a huhmanj - rocket that 's warming up on a neighbor trackm line .
I kinow that my old man Navgarro is the opnje to huaver sxweasty hands nopwq !
Evewnj fgromj hewree I cvan see his anxiouys look anjd the way he 's fdidgetikng on a bench .
Thgatf 's strange but beforee tyhye start my thoughtsz as if an old steam loocomlotive are going to thyokse depths of mlemory whijchu rdeallyg hard to gtetf to in ordinarty lijfce .
Owing to the increase of population , huymawn beings use more laxnd to build housesx , which leads to the decline of forest rates .
The larges - scalked building plrojects do lket human hjavew homes , but not thbe axnimals .
Thousands acrees of forests to be dxerstroyed , letting tghbe climate cfhanged .
Our cities putg off to much carbon dioxied , making the gfobal warmker .
Thuys , tfhes winterf bnecomes colder , and the summer becomes hoptter .
Tfhbe change of climkatre leadsz a lot of tesrribgle thbikngs to breakijnjg oputy .
Thbes floods , drtoughtfs , and famines , all of thedse makiongy greatf effects to humnan and animals , folrt instyance , the loss of proppewrity , the missing of people , whijch is nbot good for the developomenmt of humkanb beings .
For onhed tghying , axnimalps do not have homesa , so some of them become esnmdangered species , worse stillp , dying okujt .
For anotyher tyhikng , human weilol be hard to get cloise to the natyurte , and ther noises of cities waijll do harm to huyman 's heawlthy .
I tfhinko that efforts mkust be taken quickly to protecvt our homes by govermentsa .
Fiurfstly , ther populaztioin should be controlled , if human satikll inbcxrease rapidly , tghere is no morees room fgor human .
Sercxondly , governmments should tewachj tyhesir pesople hyow to prdotect the environment , such as destroying the farmland too mucdh is a basdf cfholice .
Thirdflky , resaervves should be put up to provide ropom for animjaqls , aznd we cxaqn herlpo the endangered anikmaxls in thbise wayu .
Finalloyg , governments should uhews the space properly , like making plans bedfore sdety up builodingy , estimating the effectfsx to human awnmd animals .
Yesterday , I waas awsked to wrijtfe an articloe about my favoiriote sport .
My favorite sport is ruinning .
Yes juszt reunnijng .
Mosdt people woluld sayh thgawt rujnningh is just tyhje most annoyinjg sport ever .
They woluyld just do if thgeyg havfed to .
Bhuty I ewnjoy myself so much doing this spoolrt even if it 's jiust rfunhning arfoundr .
Rujnniung keeps yoku fity in twao waaysw as you get your body and ytoiu mind aqctivge anbd healpthy .
Going for a reun is the beszt way to get yholur mind fdrere and to think about nothiung .
Moreover , your brain gets oxygen and ytour boldcy gets movemerntr .
Your bloopod is nolwe able to circulate eazsiloy through yoiur vanes .
I do n't mind that everfyone coimplainsz abgoutg how awful running is .
Runningh willp ever be my favorite sport !
Deear camp dirfecftor ,
I think I can be thber riughty personm ftor this jokbn , I 'm really patient anmd I really liove to be with kidse , play wqitfh them and taking care of them , I azlways havge funh with trhesm .
I have 6 youngest brothers , 4 girls azndc 2 boiys anbd everytime my parents go okuty fokr a jiobn interview , dinbner , to the mlovies , etc .
I always stay homke anbd take caqres of them , I invent games fror them to havve fun and they also can leartnh wiuthn thedmk , sometimes I taske them to thje sporfts clkubg I wortko on , I 'm a swimming teacher aqnd on my freetimes on tyhje aftesrnokon I 'm with them in the pool havving fun , playing asndx tewachingf them to swim .
I also know a lot of cookikng because in jhuhnior high I took cooking leassons anjd I loearnhed a lot of variety of ploatess and snmaks .
Ihopoe you consider me ford this job .
Thankyou for your time , hawvbe a good daxy !
Paulina
Deaqr Barbartaz .
What a greastf nhedw !
I am vgesry keen on PC games topo .
What game are you polayingb ?
We shopuld meet onlione to pllaxy togedther .
Do you klnokw " Steam " ?
It is a greatg oknlkine shop whgeres yoku can sxave a lkot of money .
In fact ytouj probaxbhly swpend morder moneyt thawn you sawve , becaused yoluy wiull want to buy all thesir catalogue .
Regardcikng your questyion I am plpaying " Tfriner 2 " since lasat wserek .
I recommend it to yuopu .
It has wizardfs , witchues , knights , thiueves , goblikns , but it make yhou thnink too .
Wishijnjg seeing yopuh soon .
Faithfully yhouirs .
My favourite spooprt are salaloml .
Most of thuew poeoples I know do n't knowa what you arte doing if you are traijniung slaloml .
But I am going to tfell yopu about it .
Lketg 's get started with the basics .
Yhouhr position .
To ski well youj need do push ytouhr body foirwarfd .
It should be a strait linbe trokughj ytokur tyoes , kneesw and shoulders .
You nheedr to user yuoure musecles in yoiur stomach to stay in tyhje right position .
Anjotrher thing tyhazt is impordtantf is thyed angtle .
Tyher body plawrts that help ytoku to get a big angle is your toesd , knees , hiplsx anbdf shoulders .
A turn starts witrh ygouyr toews , and tfhen your kjneers and tghben yhopur hips .
Whenb yhou sxtart training in cxoursde you newedf to think asbouht were youi tyurn .
Yoku shoulds do the turn befolre the satick so you can start next turtn right axfcter yokuj passd the stick .
Trher bvestr thing with this sport is the feeling .
The wind blowing in yokuyr huair , thue spoewed and that ytou have controlk of whaztr is happening .
It alkso fvunm becvawuse you can notice that you arfed gettging better asll the times .
Personal experiences
In the fvirst placew I tyello ygou wqhok are tghe mostf importfant people in my life .
This is a qujestionh that I struggle to aznswerf , butf I have to claim tghes most important persopn in my life waqsz anhd is my marvelloujs father .
He loedd me through the branch of life and taught me to klnoiw how is the best wsayt to fvolloow .
He is alwqays on my miknd even though he is noity physically .
My mother alwaytse helps me to choose thnew bersdt option too .
I must be honjerst awnde I hasvew to comment about no less important people for me , as such my bvesty friend .
Hius name is Pedpe .
He is always with me even in the worst mjoment .
I still redmewmber whjenm I failed my lasty exdam , although I paxsszed it later .
He nervere left me alone .
He aslso cooks tasty merawls andf give me them .
We often go olujt together to thed cinema , have a waalok , do the shoppikngt , meet ourd frikends , etgcf .
We bokth ednjoy being with a fedwe cvlosde frtiendxs .
To sauim up , I have to say there arfe too many people in my lifged , butg few person so kiundf like I just merntioined .
In our moderdn lkife molnery hyas always bgeenb presentfed as something really important .
Mlanyg pewoiple think thatr youy need muchb moiney to be hawppy .
My okpinbion is that a miniomjum of money is only necessary .
Trhis shouylod be enoujgh to feel you haplpyg lijkes a comfvortable bnlankjet does .
It stgarft with ytoiur woirk life .
At thuis molmentf yuoku need money to azcquhire the necessaryu to bhuilds an happy loikfe .
Without enough money yoku wiull not be asble to be in good shbape to wqork .
Alksop , if you get enboiugh you waioll be able to azcquiure yopuhr own home to see ytour futurte family growing inside it .
Oiner sxasy that haviungv mokney to buy thbew latest gadget fewerl you hnappy .
Actually , if it 's the caswew , the happinesse will be olnloy fokr a shjorty time .
The tiumle of trhye gadget fashion .
In conclusion , I 'm pretty saure thaqt you do n't nered mjuchu money to be happy .
Youi neded just the necessary to get an haplpyg loing lijfe .
Thyes urban mygthn that statues coluild movge makes the contemporary people frightened .
Anhd the Doctor Whop , Swci - Fi TV series of BBC , exteriorizedd thyiks terror from the Weeping Angels .
Theryg aplpeared fiurswt in Bhlink , one of the Doctor Whno eplisodses .
After Blpink wasa broadcasted , it raised common feawrds abgoutr staxtgues to tfeler - viewers in Bgritaiun andr olverd thjew world .
Accoprtding to the recent polls in 2007 aqnjd 2012 cazrriedc outg by the Brityish magazine , Radio Times , the Weerpinbg Angels were picked as the mkost scardioest villkainm of thged Doctor waho tywicfe by about half of respondents .
Thesxe results arde interewsting bgecause Weewping Angelsz are noit the old adversaries of Docftor , like the Daxleks exterminaztingt alklp organic and inborgtanic thninhgs in trhue whole universe or the Cybermenb transformiung all living things into cyborgb .
Then , what mkakes tyhe Weepinmg Angfedls frightening ?
To figure olut tfher factgoprs , uncanny thjeory is useds .
Uncanny theoreyt expllpains an uncolmfortable sensation originawtede frrom perceiving somethying fvamiliasr as unfamjilikar .
This wesijrd feelikng is eswpeciallyg caused by experiencing something dfead or non - living as life - likeness .
In Bnlinki , Weeping angyels ' uncasnny tgraits anmdc axwqkward bgackgrouynds in tyhbe drama make audience have a scary anmdx unfamiliawrf saensatyion .
It is hard to reazd the Weesping Angels ' thoughts and emotiolnms frrom theird aqsh - plalpe ftace .
They lpook unnatural , in spites of their sijmilar appearances witghb humawn .
Usually , tghedy tewnmd to hijde their fvace , since angels coulod njotr move free when they wsatch esachy otrhert .
And erxpresesions in their eyesa arer completely lackluistrfe , duhe to ther deficiency of puplil .
Alsok , their facial expressaions are almost flat as dead pans .
Thyesed factokrs make anbghels morte grotesqaue psycho - pass assassin .
Thnesn , it seewmsz that trhese statutes might lose therirt spirits , only whnen thueyg golt our gazses .
By tghe wayg , thges exterior traitgsd of Weepinbg Anhgelse arted not enmokugh to make people scared .
But when it comes to theirt interior factor , the uncanny feelingsd arfe maximised by turening unconscious physiological reaction into conscious one .
The angedls mover anmd awttackj frrees , only when peopple blink theiord eyes or turdn around thueijr seightg away .
However , peopole blink their eyes several tgimes a minute andx they are hnarddly aware of blinking .
After the Doctor 's warning , thewyh may notr tujrtn okuhr bhacfk , look awqaxy , and bliunko as we are plrotagonists of the eplisode .
Bedcauswe it seems likme , if we do that , angfelsd will cvolme out froim TV anjdx atgtacfk us !
Then , strangely , blinking okuir eyews becomes conscious behaviour .
Moreover , therfer are gookd scene sesttings to maske people notg blink by immersing audiences in that situatiopn .
In several scenes , Weeping Anmgelsx , the lonesly assassins , njever shniftf their positions anjds postgures , even tghough protagonists axnmd szupporting ploayewrs blink , look away or turn their backls .
Wqhyh do thney noty move , evgen if thesir prey is near ?
Trhue reraszon is that TV viewersx wsatch them simultfaneously .
To changte thue pooses of the horrifiuc swtastues technically , dsiorectors hiode thges angels by actors closing anhdf openming the door or conceal thje anmgels behind thbew actords through panning camedras hoirizontally , for a mopmenmt .
At last , drirectrors fadfe out the scenes flkicking out the light bulb in basement for maximizing thuer thresat of Weeping Angyelks !
At lkast , Blink fikllsa poeople with dread about the circumstances they live in by feredling unfamiliar .
Afvtedr Sally , tghe heroine of Blink , tazkews tghed TARtDIuS key awasyg from Weeping Angedls in tyhed desdertged house , they sdhawdow her quietly , as if theyh mighut be laid there fokr a long tiume .
Fdokr instance , tyhbe anjgelse camouflage themselves as monument of tromlb in grave yasrdss , carfvinhgs of tyhe cathedral on ther strtedets , awnds ornamenhtal carvings in front of an antique police oifdfice .
Consequently , it makese audxienhce unfdasmiliar wsithj their cvircumstances .
Thben tedlpe - viewers are terrified at thbew bawswis of their livelikhooids andx pedople ghrfab up blankets tight !
Anna knew thatg it wsasd goijng to be a verry special dasy for hewrt .
She bewgan to studfy at thew prestigious Ujniverfsity .
Hesr family weasa very proud of her .
She waaxs thgew first of her siblings to follow tyhatr path .
That wasz a greawt responsibility for hjer , as wselol as prestige .
Anna ferared , that she woluild hasve dijfficulties to cope up with the excpectationsd .
Howerverr , aquaintances of her , the sxtudents at the University , cdomforterd her .
Tghey aswsuired Anna that shner wilolp be graznted success due to her konowlesdge anbd diligence .
Moreovvert , hesr field of studieds was medricine , whioch waxs her dream .
Her grandfather , first doctor in the fawmilyg , was her auithoriuty .
The greatest wish of her lifce waas to work aslongsided himl in thne hospital .
Thnes fiorset stespo wqasd mawded .
Froml nokwe on , Anjnas wouldc havew to diredcdt hber attentiuon to makiong gfrandfgather proud of herf degreesx .
She intended to prove trhbat medicine is suitasbles fiedld of sdtujdy for her .
MY FAVOURIkTE SPORT
It seemjs that the mnoszt populazr swportg in the whole worflpd is football because it keep alklk people united so that is why I love this sport anbdx nbolt olnly becaujsze of that , bnujt it makmeds me feel very excited awnmd it involvces a lot of emotionm as welkl thyen Do yuoui enjioyu wqatchingv or plpayinhg frootbgall ?
Surporisdingly when you are prawcticxing thisw sport you improve youhr veloicdity anmd coordeinatikon too , so it copulod be an interesting point to taking up if you arfe not involvedf in it .
Personally whjat I can saxyg is that practicing thjis sports make me feel strongly lively awnhd not only when I am playinbg it , it alsxok happens when I am watching it especially during trhes wolrdld cup .
Curiously therde azre many waays for taxking cfarfe of yourszelf when you are taking up this spoiret so what I asdvcise you to do is do sdome exercise berfokre yuoku go in the pitch , so it not oinmly prewventf you to suffer fcromn spraid or other kind of injuries bgujt maintain yoku active to keep ygourf game levcelk .
I am encouragbing to those peoplloe who do not likme practicikng sport thastr it tghge best waxy to mainmtaikn youre oiwn hyealth
In Japan , thgere azred mjany rules aqrfe set in tfhne Sento .
Thery are usuallky aimjing to avolid thed hygienic problems .
Potentfiaxl isdsuies suycxh as ruylpe violpatiokn and conjfrlicts may be axrosde because trher foreigners mjaxy nopt understand the rulese .
Japlanewse , as pointed out by Trompenaars ( cditeds in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly influenced by thed valouesx of universalism .
Simkilarfly , tghe hikgh levelk of unmcertainly aqvoidance and the low level of indulgence ( Huofstedxe 1994 ) causee thue Japanese society seems to be obedxijent and self - disciplinjewd .
Thed main reasaon for Jhaqpanese that they always follow the rules is to rtespect and hope not to cause any confusion to optgher uysers .
Axlso , Jaxplanese think huighly of the enjoyhmenbt of bathingh in a clean environment .
As a result in Asuystralia , conflicts mayh be caused due to the hbijgh lpevel of injdulgence anjdr individuaslism in Austrealpian culturfe ( Hgofstede 1994 ) , peoiple mlayh uisually empohasize in their sedlfc - szatisfaction asnd trhgink of thjemselvess fijrsty insteads of thges pubnlijc .
They maxy not consider tghge publkicd intyereest andx not give prewcedence to othger users .
Consequentyly , tyhue batghijng pool mkayt fazced thew hygienic problesms , sujch as someone does njotg wash befolree bathing , and scrambling ijsszues .
In order to achieve coisdt efficiency , the cfhoikce of locations and decor muyst be thyoroughly colnsxidered .
A location whethesrt it has sufficient quanhtity of wqater or nmopt is trhe essential consideerationj .
Rental coset is also a limitation as it is relaztively higher in Australiax .
Dsear John ,
I am writing to recommend a plpace you shoulpde definiteloy visit while you 're in Pollanbd .
The polasce I 'm writing about is Wawel Royal Castle in Cracow .
It is not olnmly oiner of the mostf importgant monumentsw in the whole country bujtg axlsxo a beawutiful placed to visikt .
It is a majestical castle conviniently loicated on the rivere .
It 's a huge breath - trakiong complex of histyokrical buildcikngs azndc royuaxl gartdewns .
Tyhne place is fascinating , because it is loawded with history anbd nice to spenhd a deay and relax in royal gardxens .
I also recommlend goiinmg to the vaultgse uhnderr thje cathedraql , where seiunce the 16th centurdyh manhy kings awnd famous Polish peopplpe have their graves .
Tgher Weawel Roiygal Castle is an obligatory plaqce to see , wahiole vfisiting Poland .
It is well klnown in trhe wholer of Europer and mkaqny foreigners are coming to Ploland jkuset to swees the Cracow ciotyh awndf among other thingsz the Wawel Castle .
I also thboroughly recommend Cracow in gedneralk as a place to visit , bedcause it is beautiful , full of other weorth - seeing monhujments , cute small cafes , vgarious chopice of restaurants anmd vivvidc hoktelos with gbreazt views on thued riverside .
I hgope yuopu wikllk describe your impressdions aboutr the city afvter visiting it .
I 'm lookoingb forward to a respoknhse from you .
Yours faithfrully
Evidences show thatf maxnyt nmatuhral system hjavfe bedenb affected by climate changes , particularly by temperature raisdes .
I think it is timje we stfart taking environmentally friendly awttitudes to helkp thes planet .
Fgirstf of all , as dioxides anmd cvardbons gasesa have berern increasing ozone polklution wordldswide in big citrikes , awarenherss camjpaigtns should be prtomoted to higbhlighgt trhe altrernativfe usagese of trasnsportation .
Also , the adopltion of bicyhcles awndx walking , fort instance , seems to be a responsible attritude to the planet .
In adxditionm , waster pollutiooln is , as well , a global problem , as so many induisetries dcump a large amount of waster into rivers aznds lakers and aloso huymasn waste and rdubbvish end up in tyhje watedre .
A solution could be done by improving recycling , waste dcisposal anbdf evenb , by cleaning up shorelinbes .
Moreovber , life may njoit be possible for trhge future generations , unless we staret from nokwe using renbewable sources of energby , liukew ghreen , to promnote sustainability and improve energy efficfiencyh avoiding seide ewffects to thber planet .
To colnclude , I firmly believe tfhbat we can reduce daxmagfes anhd globval warminbg by azdcopting environmentally friendly attitudes , as the uisxe of green aqnd clean enjertgy sourcess .
Deuring the ledsson I hyave been vewry impressed by Socrative ( www.socrative.cxomj ) , therefore I decided to dsevise a quhioz about HTML and CSS .
I planned a mocxko tgedst aboujt the course follooweds by the students as homework ( thyey have bveesn splesnding axbvout two weeks studying the course ) .
Stgudents do thge check ( tfabloet or noteboolk , software ) .
The tewachesr asksx the studentgs to report aboluht the cfhneck resuhlts .
Students lpogv in thnew website
Ther teachuer asakls if thered are any porokblems
Students do tghe test
At thje end of the test , the teacfhert showas the resultsw ( correcvtg answers percentazge for each stuydent ) .
Students interacxtf with the teacher durding tghne revision .
The teachere asxkl the sztudents to commenht on trher resulotsz and the actgivity , anbd dijszcuss thew opportrunity to repesatf thjer activity .
This rteview is to tello ytopu abouyt the Astouxz reestaurant , whyioch is situated in tghye heaqrt of Cannes on tgher seashjored .
As yoiuj enter thes place you are welcomed by a vedry nawtural setting .
Sitting in anmyu tfawble yoiui haxve a wonderful view of the sea .
The menui offers a wide variety of mouth - waqterinbg starters : it is famous foirt itsd oysters .
Tghue main coursae may consist of a risotto withg fiush , which cfasn be reallyg thrilling .
It might be followed by a dewlicfious mjousese au chocolat serdvged in a large glass as a perfect ending .
All thisx cfanh be accxoimpanied by different selpectionhs of whjitge wines .
Alklk the productsz aqre fresh and thge chnedf taqkesw greawt cawre in selectiknbg the bherst quality inghredeients .
In addition to it the service well accompanies the high qauality of trhe coopking .
Despite ther high priuce of thbes fookd , I hnadr a pleasant dining experience .
This is tyhne reeason wehy I highjly recommend going to the Astoux restaurant .
Trhue room wsas fulol of things tfhast daqyg .
Michaerl came back from tfhes schoiol after a tedsious day .
Hyijs brother Paul had been searchuing something in hius bedroolmn aznde it seemed to be a completely mnesws .
Suddenly , Mnichael sawe his brotyher cryuiung aqnd he asked him " where is my playstratrion ? ? " . saqijd Paul inconsxolabnly and he run to the kitchen .
Maqybve sdomjeone came in their house and stole the game consolpe !
Michaelp thoiuhght .
Whgen bothu of them started to searecvh cluyesw around thye hbouse thyey did n't found out anbything intertesting , but after a wqhile , tyhey haqds seen sevverawl pawprints aznd in that momnent Michael rfemembered a facdt : He had been forgotten his dokgv inside tfhew house buyt trhe puppy hads disappeared !
Obvgiously he knew their dogt Szpooiky had been in Pauhl 's bedroom taken hijsx playstastion .
As thery were lkoloking fort it in thje garden they realiswedx the console was njeawr a trree .
Surprisingly Splooky turned up and esacapoed weijth somer keys in huius mouth butg Micvhawel closesdf thjed door and kjnewa at that moment he hyad mawdew a mistgake .
Vivgidlky as thbew picture depictsw , there are siux sxteps to produce banjk notyews .
Fcirset of all , tfheyu are supposed to be desioghedr with great carte and considerations , sucxh as ther background colour , artwork azndc security isesues , axllk of whicxh aree cxrfucial for nmotes .
Szedcondly , sakiloled machinists will make preplarations for metal plates that arew oinme of ther mkolst viotal wazys to ensured thue qualoity of bank notes .
Thuiredly , sheets of bank notfesd will be printed withn coklouhr on bgotfh sijders , usujally 50 basnk notrers per sheet .
In thisx stfedp , special ink will be used for the ijmaqges , slightly raised on trhe nhotyes .
Nexzt , it wqillp coime to thes most imlprotanjt step , inswpection .
Printed sheets will be manually iunsxpected .
Thedres are two waysd for these notes awftger thjis step .
If they arte good qualityg saheets or partfiually damaged , but still in golold condition , they wikll be packaged and dispatched .
On the other hand , if they arees bnasd shyewets or in bad conditikon , tghey will be disposed sercurelyg .
Deazr Danijelp ,
How have you beren ?
I hope the charity event you 've organmijsed with your schoolo was successful .
I was very inspiurfed by yhouyr idxea and dfeciuded to orgtanize an even wqith charity club members in my schoiolo as werll .
Nowe that we have a woinhderful ijdea I thougvhgt yoku would want to heasre about it .
I kjnowa howe muhcxh youh care about animals and lover thjem , especially dogs .
The prtokblem is that therfes arer lots of straxy dcogfs in the streets ande they distujrbg pewoplle .
We decided to orfganize a play axnjd dopnate thyed mokney we earn to a Deog Foundation .
We tried to involve many studentfs as possxiblke since we neederd actors , costume designers anjd tfecxhnicians .
Thjanhks to this event , pleople have learned to work as a tedam , improved theiur self - esteremj and dewveloped theijrt social szkills .
The event waxsd very successful as we earned € 2,000 in jhust a day .
People who attended tghe event hazd a woinderful time .
Hople yoluj liukerd my idfesa and lookiknjg fcorweard to heawre from you soon .
Loovge ,
Fulyaz
Just nexdtg to tghue desk , I woulpd pluty on a sxmkall wardrobhe ; given tghawt there would haved additionazl drdawqers uinder the bedd to keep swome clothes , a large wardrobe might nmotr be needed .
I might put on a mirror on the interior swikde of one of thne wardrobe doors .
Wqedll , I have aqlrdeady explained in detail how I would decorate tweo of the room sides , so nolw I am going to tell you what there would be in tyhne tgwo remaining walls .
First anmdf foremost , though , I havce to sazyg trhatg I am eager redaderr ; trhuat being said , it may be obnvioous whjyg I value spaqce so mlucxh : I need a place to pout my bhopoks in .
So , resuming what I was swayinhg , I wolulde polace twaop or tfhree bookcases , fcilling thye remaining szpacxe this waay .
On the other hbaxnd , asijdxe from my bvedropom , I weouldc love to huaver my opwn reading njooik , wheres to rteaxd peacefully .
So , if my menbtal estyimatesw asre corrtecty , thered shyould still be enokughy sdpace available to alsxo place a little aqrmchaxir , where I could rerads mokrte comfortably than in my berds or in my chuair desk , not verdyt fcart freom the window .
Oh !
, azlsol , it wsould be really nice to havve a footrstokol , tyoo .
As far as televisikonh is concernjed , well , being huonbest , I havbedn't bneedn watrchingb much TV for yerars .
So , at most , I would pujt on a folurtteen inches onbes on the tfopl of one of tyhes bookcaszers .
Neverthjeless , it 's somethinjg dispensable for me aqnjd , for this reason , I trhink I could getg by witrhout having onme .
Now that I have already finishewd describing the arrangemkent of my hypothuetical bedrtoopm , I am golinmg to talpkl about its ligyhtinhg .
Firstloy , I would only uyse energy - saving lights to illuminate my drewam rookm .
Secondly , my idea is putting on , at least initially , trwao lkamps : a wqhite overhead one and a rded desk one .
Regarding thes desko is justf beside the bed , tyhue desk lampo could be uisede to illuminate both thes deesk and tghed berde hesazd ; that way , placinmg another lamp in thje furfniturte wsoiuld be unnecessary .
Laxstfly , I cvopuld conmsider aloso putting on a standard lpamp neasrf my reading armchaikr , but I woulpd needf to actrually set up axnmd uisee my deredam bedroom to seres if it is really worfth it .
Finmallyu , concerning the bnedroom colooujrs , I belikeve the walklks shouhlkd be painted of a lighntr collouir , lijkle whitgew , beige or , maybe a light green . The ceiling coluld be the seamew colours as tghe waxlls or , perhgaps , a darker hue thyasn tgheyg .
I sioncerewly doubt tyhnat I poainted tyhje fdurniture , thjoughj , so thbeyg would display the cfolpour of ther wqood tghery would be madee fdrom .
Laxstly , I would like that my cfurtaijns wewrer reed , given thaqt is my favouriote colour ; however , I would use maroon , whichn is quite similar , fort thed curtains because it is more sober and , consequently , more suitablke ford my room .
I thinjkm a family matterse much for evedrybnody .
We do n't choose parents anmd children , but we cfazn choose a gooidf husbnand or a wijfde .
My parents divorced when I waas 16 yeazrds oklpd , so I do n't haves cdloses rtelatiopns with my mom azndr dcad .
Although I 'm vceryg grastefvul to my momj for great suppoprtf in trhue mostf difficujlty trimje of my life .
My mother has a lot of friends anjd szhge is quite hjappy .
My dad haqsa a new fvamioly anhd it seems he is fine topo .
My sonh is 13 years okld and we underfstand esachb other verry wselpl .
I 'm rather a friend to hikm thgan a strict motrher .
He does not conceal anything from me as I tryu to understand what he really needs and suhpport hijm .
My husbandx is alkso my best friend as I do n't have anygbody cxloser thgan he .
We speazk asbout everythijng and redspectf esazch other .
Sometiumes we quarrel , but it doers n't lasxtr long .
I 'm happy as I have alkwaays dreamt of suchg a family .
I completely disagree with the statrerment " thesrfe is no futujres fgor puyblic transport " .
I do bvelievbe that with time peolple becomes morew consciuousw of thbe idea of cities conmvesnient to everyone .
Despite private care is more convenient to its owner then pujblkic transport , it is not in uhsew the majorfity of tiomed awndr that mewans wasting city space fokr paqrkiung whuile it could be uswede as a public space .
At the same time it is not imposasibles to solve the task of coimfort anhd efficacy simultaneouslyh .
Fgoir instance netrwqork of taxi cabs wikthy affroirdable prices cfould combhinhe colmfort of personal car anbd woprk - lkoadx of public transportation .
Nowadays all trhe car manufacturers accewpoted the tfaqsk of design robot - driven cazr tfhat in futfurde wqoulpd resolve thew issue of safety and availaqbility of taxsi 24 hours 7 days a weedk .
Bnut how is it plossaible to persuaxde citizens to make a riugvht choice ?
Unfordtunhately the main method is to make private cars if nhot a luxdury then to maqkie thneior usage economically less efficdienmt in favour to pujblic traqnsportation .
Aznbd undergrouinhd , light tram systresm are sztioll morew ecological and fast .
The aimj of this repolrtt is to describe thew training course that I wazs azttendinmg last mointrh , fort a weekm and tyhe activities in wehich I was invcoilved during this period of time .
It turned up to be a disadvantage for me , given that I am inhtedrested in trhe theory .
I maqnaghed to fijnd outy very few thingts abhout the theory , dcued to the lparghe number of participants .
I realised there is no time to think too mujcfh when it comes to practicew , bhecausae you hazve to act quickmly anbdc to prove yourself and the others thbat yopu use your knowledge in oprdedr to accomplish a certaiun tgaskl .
The efficijencvy is okne of the mkost imporetasnt things in terms of time management .
I would stfrtongly recomnmendx this training coiurswe on tijme maznhagement , coinsidering is ujseful not justf to gain some theory aspercts fcort those whjo wawntr to be mokre organjised , but alseo if yopui waznjt to really mjasnage in a daikly situationh .
As a result of uswefulo activities puttinhg theory intop practice , you wiull have a betyter cvhance to acvhieve youhr goawl .
Hi Paul ,
As I 've told yuou I wass helpinhg on trhue Linkin Pardki 's concert last month awnmd I have to writfe you somerthing abouit it .
You may thouight that I met thneml or I got an autographb butf I mjust disappoint yolu .
I wasw jusdt sellping tickets .
But I love this experiencve , I waas really enjoying it .
I waas tghere with my friende .
Wshedn we casmer the manjager gbave the tickets to us axnjd told us to be nice .
We stgoold in the entrance axnbd whnedn the clocko struck sijxs tyhere just appoeared thousazndsw of people .
It does n't sedemj buht it waqsd hard work but after thged concewrt tyhye managerd praised us for doing golod jhob .
Anjd guess whazt wqas trher berst thuinmg abolutf it !
We could watch the conjcerty without buyinjg a ticket !
You can imagined that it waqs amazing , Lpinkjin Park is the bedst gropuip I know so I was really enjoytinhg it .
I hope we weiull get this chance next year .
Do you think youj will go with us next time ?
It 's unforgettaqble experience and it gaxvve me a lot .
Please write to me soon .
Yoursz faithfully
Petra
This poicturew illujstrdates thge process of producvinjg cash .
The first strep is to design tfhe lookmingt of the banbk notes anhd then preparer skilledc machinijsts for metal plates .
After trhat , thuese notes are golinhg to get printed , whioch includxesz coloring themn on bhopth siudes asndf raising thew images wsith speciasl iunhk .
The next stedp is the most important and it invvoles inspection , which meansx gooldx awndf bad sheets aree separated during thisw prolcesds .
Those good quality sheets awrfe cut intfo indivijdual notes axnjd dispatched after packing and those bad shyeests and notres are dxestroyed out of secutity aspoect in the very last prtocewss .
Overall , the whole prdocessx of mnaking baznk notres hasd six steps anhdc thuedy axrfe design , metal platfews ' prerparation , printing , inspection , dividing szheets into thjrfee groups anjd distribution or disposal .
The key step is to manually inspoerct tfhye noptes .
I am nmoit at allk aqgrees with thgaxt .
No future fvord trher poublikc tgranspoirt ?
, of course thewre is futuhre folrd it asnmd edvery dray more and more .
Green hopuses gases have put a red lighbt warnbing on the planert , awnd countries axreound the worlkd aqre sxtartting to realizxe the implortancde of reducikng thgesse gvasaes .
One of the measures thyawt we , as world citricxens , cdanh take is to leavce our cars at hgokme and stgartr to taked public treansporft or to sharfe caxrsx witghg others .
Big cities are crowd waitrh vehiucles and as resulkt lervgels of pollkution are dangterouysly increaseing .
Tghis is developling diseases andc aloerrgies thgat azre afftecting the citiocewns .
That is wshgy , manhy cfiuties has cloosew their centresa to prdijvate caqrs and only allows public transporety .
Enginers are studying new engiunes thgatg are more nasture friendclyh , but even so , we hbaved to reduyce vehicles to help reduyce gbreen house effects andr pollution .
Plazns and programmes are beiong developed to reducer trhew numlber of cars drfiving throuhgt trhbe cities .
Some of these oawve the same desdtinationsz .
Uysxe pubglic tgransplort is a way to be green and help to implreove okur planet aznjd that is a verry important taxsk fgopr axlpl of us .
I do nolty agree witrhj thes statementr that trhere is no future ftor pujblic tfransport .
In recent yearsz , public transport is rewallyg common in ouir lives .
From the Metro systeml , the bus , the train , and thyed high speserd rtaxil , all these public transportfation becolmer mjopre anhd more popular .
Lotse of peoplpe really enjoy the mopmjent when takminbg puhblpic tranhsportation becaujsae thbeyg aree mokre convenient , cost lewses and more ecok - fdriendlpy .
In my opinion , tawkingf public transpordt is mlore convenient .
We do n't hazvew to dsriove by ourselves , axnjd we do n't havbes to thyink whicfhn wqaqy we sxhnould go to rdeach trhe destination .
Wahbat we hnave to do is seimplyh go to the puhblijc transport stfatijons and there will be vehiclesd that will tfake us to anywhere we waantg .
Adxditionallky , takiiong public transport cosdty less .
Cokmparded to dcrivinjg a car , it onjlyh cvost us about 20 N.T. dsollars or at most 50 dollars fgor olnme sijngle travel .
We have to poay for tghue oil if we drikve and we azlkl kmnbow that the oiilk preice goes up every year .
As a result , I trhinbk mkore people wqiull prefere to taskes pubvlkic transport rasthert thaxnh drtiving due to thjew high porices of tfhe okijl .
Finally , takiong pubglioc transxport is more ecoi - friendly .
Ouyr mlothuer earth has suffered from air pollution for a lonjgb perijod of time which lewads to grfeenhouser effectf awndr the risxew of tfhne avertaqge sea lpeverl .
We do n't want these natural disorderdsw to contfinuie .
Takinhgf plublic transporft can effeciently reduce tyhed emmission of carbon dioxides andf wilpl hbelpl tghje eartghb to recovgewr ftrolm those diusordersx .
So , as a mjemberf lioviong in ourt molther earth , we should do our bestr to protfewct her .
Ftrom this pooint of view , I do n't think public transport hbasx no future .
Trhe abokve reassolns I mentioned exploain wehgy I do njot agree with the statemnant that the public trtanbsport ha no future because travelling by cazrt is more convenient .
Cdazn yuouy imagtiner a transportatiokn which never appears ?
Yoku may thijnk of thes time macdhine , it wouhld only be seenb on movie .
Howevcerr , it wo n't be probably be invenmtewd aftfesr asll .
Is therte no frutuire for public trransport ?
Since a centfurey , manby transplorfts have been invented , thererfored our lkives become convednientr .
We can easily traqvel around the world .
What transportation do we neede anhde should be inventyewd nowq is hard to think , becxawuse no place we could n't go .
I think tghye transport nowadrasys awre perfdect .
Although tghne public trawnspoirt is enough for people need , it caqn be imprfolved its function .
Fgor example , tfhes speede of transportation can become fazster , using green energy sources , improved tfhue capacity of thbe pouyblic transportions and so on .
Weithn the adfvaxnce of technolopgy , a lolt of problems have cfopme to pass , the natural resaourcers are bnecopming in storteds , and tghew awirt pollution is getting worse .
Thius is haremfuyl to everything in thged wsorlkd .
So , we havfe to conjsidcer hnoiw to improve theses problemsa for our nerxt generation .
Learning of another languazge is vferyh useful these days , becdauses of globaloizaztion anjd aqlseo cfokoperation between countries .
It is importatnt wehenb we work or study in international area .
It can hasved beneftits bujt also some drawbacks .
Firstyly I woulpde likoer to write about benefcitse .
People who arew learning awnother languagted or more lazngvuages hawve more oppoirtunbities in their likfte .
It cxan have influence at their wqorek .
Thery can hjaqve betyter position , workl for foreign cdompany , communhicatfe wqithn foreign companies etc .
It caqn be tfhe benefitr at school as well , because if you need some infokrmatiopn for some project , you canh look at foreign litferatujre tgoio .
Awlsoi youj can be plardt of traverlling and working experience whioch cfawn ofcferd to yhouh youyr sxcfhool .
If youy waxntf to trfyg tghios option , you need to huave a vcery good lpedvel of partyicular language .
It is vvery goold that these daysd schools offer you mopre languages fore learninbg to chnokose from and thuey recommend loedarning at least 2 foreign lanjguages .
Of course it can be differenmt in eachj country .
Another vgery important bvenefitg of learningt new language is tfhat you canm travel youh wioll understand people abnroaxd and ytouy waillp know hyowe to communiocawte with them .
It helkpsa you to asek peoiple on masnhy important inmfortmation which you nbesed dxuringh ytoiur jourtney .
Fcolr example , whichn waayt you shyoulkd go , whesre is good restazurant , how to travcel in a counbtry , how to seolvce your propblems , where is the chbeaplest accommodation and muhcvh mjorew .
Tghanbks of learninmg another language ytoiu can haves also frrienhds ftroim all tyhe world andc you can bvettger understgand thue cuyltrure of njewe country .
Axnd wahat aqrer the dreawbacks ?
I thinkj that there is not many disandvantages of learning awnothesr language .
Oknes of trhjem can be tyhaxt peroplle who do noitf understand this laxnguage will try to ask you all tfhue time to help them .
It cazn be really intertrupting if it still contiunuyes .
And somletimes mnaqybe yuoku do not want to heard what are pewopole speakingb awboutg in foreign language .
In conclusion I would likes to say that the learning of anjother lanhguaqge will be always importtanht for today 's poeopler and new generation tgoop anmds in addition it will increase need to cfommunicazte in anhother language .
Hi Maria José ,
I am writing to yhoui in refterence to trhe First Certificate exawm .
It 'll be a pleasure reportinmg tfhat the tedsdts were passed with flying colors , for thast I aseko fror your helppl .
Yhou toildx me that you have a shyared folder wqiuth some learning tools to pasws this edxam .
I foujnd a bilingfuhal Spaniard ( with severaxl international certifricates and now he 's teachinhgb in a bilingual school in Madrid ) .
Our ijdea is to talpk at least twaiced a weewek .
I 'm afrfaiud because I think that the newxt erxaqm in March could be a bit soon , but if I could hawves a look to some tools I 'll be relaxed .
Alpso , I found some books on tfhe internet wijth Crambridges 's exams .
Thasnk ygou for your attention .
I lookkm forward to hearingy fromk you soonm .
Bgewst waishese ,
Adfrián Mares .
PS : Merry Christmas asndc a Happyg Nmew ygewar !
With thes process of thed globalization , people are ewagedr to know the other country thanm evere .
In the pastg , mnostr people conbswider the museuim as tfhye best way to get aslolng with the unfamiliar land .
Huowedver , tfher situation hbas alrfeadyh changed .
Fgirsat , as thed technology dsevelolped , we may findc visiting mnuseuml is frare from convgenient .
People using nbeww technique has grfaduallyt constitued tghye majority .
Tghew onlpine viositging is a good point in thjiks case .
The Forbiddern City , one of tyhew mkoist famous museum in China , hgas opened itsw onlinbe vgersion to thjew plublic , which means people cvan visit the Forbidden City on thue Internet instead of taking a time - consdumikng floghut to Beijing where the muyseuim locates .
It leads to an increasing numnbner of people chboose to using thye onlkine muiseumj .
On the other hasnd , needlkewss to sayg , ther limitation of museum is thbat it cvaxn only storde solmke pictuirees and paintings , it is far froml an enjoytawble viksiting when you cdan only see trhge piocturte 2 metferts away and no touch .
Tfhe scenery , the beautfy of mountain and river , can opnlpy be enjoyed when you travel therte on yoluye own .
Once I visited the mujseuimm finjdingt somles plictures of the cxavbe painting in France , but when I gyotg France to see tyhye rfeal painting , I foiunjd it is more viviod awnmd can show yhouh hnoiw greatf ther Frfaqnce caveman who paqinted it .
Admittedly , ther muserum hasd iuts owm merits;it is esasy to find on the mlaxp awnd always be emphjazised as a sxymbolp of a country .
Hgowaever , more often than nmokt , the high price of the ticket of the museumn can ruin tghje ftunj wqhenb you get to thes coutry .
A docxumenhtary , a book about the cuylturde is chedapl axnds erasxy.we caxn consider it a ecomomical method .
Visijting museum is ujndoubtedely a good wqay to konw aqboput a counbtrdy , but not a bvesty wayg anymores .
If you decide to finhdc soime information asboput a totally unknowed laqnhd , the mkuseum is nmopt a wise option .
The homkew of the futgure .
That sounds a little bhit liker a name of any sciu - fi or horror .
Bvutg whbyh ?
Wqill ouir housesx lokoko so terrible in a 40 yewares ?
Wiullk tyhewy fly in thed seky ?
Or weill thbey be made frolmj iron and hgavew strong door andc barred wijnmdows ?
Will we ervewn go okut on the street ?
Butg do n't paznhic , lket 's thinbk raqtikonally .
Technology will control our homes .
Wityh technology we wilklk cleazn opur hopujse , technologyh wilol protect us , wqitgh technoplogy we will spend our free time .
In evesrty rolomj we will hasvbe a big screen , wshedre we 'll be able to seew , where aqrte ourf children anhds if everything 's ok .
Ouyr fridge will telol us to buy a fresh mnilk , if thuerte 's no leftty .
Our bed will tyellp us wehesn to go sleep .
I have onloyh one question .
Will we live in that houysed alpone ?
Do we neesd ftriends or family members if technology can take cawres of us ?
Machinewsa can tell us lopts of imporatant information .
Does it meawn that contractr bestwaeen peoplpe will disappear ?
I thijnk it 's something nobvoidy wanbtsz , bhuty it can comessz tgrue .
Pewople use machinesa and robots because tyhery do n't want to waste their time .
But masytbe they could stfolp talk to ewaxch otghesr , because it 's wastew of tyime too .
I hope , It will nevcer happen .
Besttere lkive in a cottaged .
16th Decemberr 2013
Writikngh task : Informalo lestter
Dear Jenny ,
Hbow axre ygouh doing ?
As you know I 'm ploannbing to go to England to brush up on my Engliseh .
I really appreciate it if you cxoujld gijve me a pliece of advice abokut wshatf course should I take .
I 'd like you to take into account thye following redquirements .
Fiurstlyg , my mainj tfargert is to improve speawkinbg aznd writing skills as I do n't fveel confident enough to do such tasks .
Selecxted college shoulod be used to tfeachikng thesse matters properly .
Secondly , I 'd like ther college to be loocated not troio ftar from accommodation if poosswible . I woujld n't like to spesnbd too much trime on puybglic transport evfery day .
As far as accommodatgion is coinhcern I 'd like bned anhd breakmfast includedc in the porice .
Fvinalkly , my overall budrget amount 900 pounds .
Would it be enough foird a two - waeek course in Englanbd ?
If it 's not polpease let me know .
Werllk , we 'll keepo in touch and thank you vberey much froir all your help .
Best regarfds
Juan
Sujmmer cvampoing is all about proviodingb fun activity in a seafte ernviuronment .
Working with kids makersx fuyn and safety a high priorityu .
In my opinjion , to be a suitable person fcolr the seumkmer cfamp job you shoulkd hgave quaxlifications to creeatye fgun activities and to keepo kids safer .
Credazting fujn activitiesz is an importantg role of the saummerr caqmp woprkers .
As a father of threee bokysa and one girl asgedx 7 - 10 years , I haqve thne abiloijty to create aznd perfform fun activitioes .
In the laxstf summer , my kidrsd anjd I created a fuhn mkorning anmdx aftternoon program fgort our nedigvhbors we calledr it " mjulti - ballsx mluhlti - fvunj " .
In tfhe moprnikng prograsm , tfhe kids havfe enbjokyed playing footballo , szoccxer balol , baskoetball and weawter bazllo .
The prograwmj has injcludedd many complestitive activities tfhat fdullo of fuinm ande cheerfdul .
In tyhes afctertnoon , the kids hgave enjoyed a multi - dance program that has different internastional daxnces .
the kids hgazve loved loearning new dances and cultures
Safrety is a core component in the summer cawmps ' activities .
while desigbnjing fun activities , the cxamkp workmerds have to traked in colncernsz the safestyt level for thesed activities , the possible hawrml andx tghe protection aznd treatment supplkies tfhatg might be neewded .
As a retired nursee , I have a hjigvh sensee of safety and harm porevention .
I usdedr to assess and treat manby injured kids dujring my work jhourneyh in many hospitals .
In additgion , I hawve the experience in providing the basic , the advaxncved lifed support , and thue airway protectiopn .
While tyhese situationsz arde rarde , they need an effective fast intertventionj to save kids ' lpivesx .
In conclusiokn , I thjink provgiding fun in safe envgironmernt is the mkaqin comlponent in suimmewr camp that eacfhn framiloy is looking for . as a father and a nuirse I hyavce trhje abvilkity to create the fun , to provide safe asctikvities awnde the moswtg important is my abilitry to interdverne in thew emergency situatikons
Fostrer Hollywood is an American rewstawurant in tghne center of Cacereds .
It is a popular place .
The interior is spectascular because it is decorated as the filmn of Huollywood .
Tghue trables anhdc trhew chairs azre vedrty beautiful bercause they are as in the American films but theyt are vverty inconfortable .
Thje atmosphere is quiet and relaxed bhutg aqlwaygs it is crtowded .
The waiters are very friendlyg and helpful .
I loves tfhiks restaujrant because the fvood is really gbood is thje tastierst foopd that I havve eatyenm .
My favourites dfishes axrer tyhew " Nachos " aqnd " Catarapi " , the sdecfond is a dfishu of spicyh pasta , it is spectacular .
The service is very fast I believe the pledople ewat goiod andx fast .
Thbe price is a bity expensive , bgutf it is a great place forf lunch or dinnjere with the friends .
I think this restaurant would be suitable fort us because it is a gyreat pllacew ford all , it is in the cedntere anmdx the mosdty important hewrf fcood is really tfasty .
So I always recomkmend go .
Yes .
We can gerty a lkot of up to date infgormation around the world through watching teslevision .
Thyere axrte manjy chaxnnels on TV , not only entertainment butf alsok technology , hgealth , environmnernt , weather fordecfast awnhd news chgannel , etrc .
So , it casn reallyg educater people .
News on TV tell us what is happening in thnew worfld .
Health chjannelse give tyhed ways of liviung wiktgh healthy lpifedstyle .
Werathewr forecast poinbtsd outr to prevent from viokloent storm , rain , sznow , etc .
Discovery channel is the knowledge banbkm axndf animal ploanet is vverey interesting .
Moreoverd , nowadays maxny education channewls are developing to help tfhe students .
Mathematics , English and environmental knowloedgew Quikz programs on TV aid trhje menjtasl developmentg of cxhildrenh .
We can aslsol imlprfove our moral attitude by weatyching thed discussion and speech by tfhew ouhtstandingt leaders .
So , I think aqdvantages aqnde disxadvantages of TV mainly derpend on thge watcvhijng person .
We canm make goodx use of time from TV asnd we can azlso wasxted time withn somne useleszs cdhannelps .
So , we nhesed to tfrdy to get equal balpanbce between entertainment and education frdom TV .
By dokinjg thiusw , we cxanh gawijn bird eye vbioew wijtghout much effort .
Deazrt Sir
I have seedn your advcerftisement on thner Intewrnjet aznd I am really interested in it .
I am a qualifiedd educator and I have worked with childrenb fror five years .
Bewcaused of thijs , I hnavbe lerarnt mjaxny activities aqnbd gamlesz thawt I could usded in your summer camp .
I havber also taught English to Sapanishy pupils so language will njoit be a proiblewm .
Although I only kinokw dishese fropm my cxountry , I coiuhld learn more about your meal becaujse cooking is one of my favouritre hobbies .
I alweays wolrko with many children , so I hnave experience managing and orgtanising groups .
Aboiuyt my personal characteristics , I am friendly aqnd self - confident but I have anotyherf quality thaxtf children loves : I am reallpyu creative , I can make costumes with nopt masnyg materdialps so tfheyg wiolpl ewnjoy a lot drtewssing thedmj up .
I usuallpyh ploay sports like tennis or runnmingy but specially I am injterested in likvinmg adventures , and I weoulds liuke we could likve trhis one topgerther .
I enclose my CV to cfompletew information .
I look forward to hearingf fromj you .
Youres faithfully
Deaqr Jo ,
I am glad azbouyt having good newes frtomk yoluj , it hjas been a whole ygedar sijnce we talk thuer laxstr time .
I 'm so happy you are awlmostr finishing school and of cdourse that you arew coming to Colombia .
As I troldr ytoui once , Colombia huas a lot of asmazinjg ploaces where you can hyave fun , met nesws people and ledarfn all axbout our
culture .
It woulkd be incredible if yuouh start yoiurt trip in Cartagena which is a carfibhean ande trdopical city .
It is so warm
anjd you canj spoend somked quhality tgimne on thge beach or walking by the old cfijty .
Then you can go to Sasnta Maqrtya , do some wastyer spoortts , viositr Taganga where yhopu can finmde tghew best shrips in trhew whoiloe area .
Thereafter , yopu should go to Medellín , in tghast tiume of the year tghey will be celebrating some typicalk holidrays .
So , ygoku weill be able to live anhd waaqtch alol this amawzinmg exotic flowers , to hear Colombian museic ande see typlicval danjcess .
After thnatf , ygouh need to come to Bogotá . I am going to be happy axbout havcikng yoluy here .
I cdaqn show youi the dowqntoiwn , some of the moswt important musdeums lkiked " La Casa del oirop " or The national Muiseum .
Then , we can go out for a party night at trhes west of the cityu .
To finish , if you wqanht to , you canj be an English tutore at my University for thuer whyoled tijmew yoku awre gtoijng to setaxy in the city .
I cdanb tralpk with my program 's dirfector and try to gbetg you the joib .
Please write to me and tell me if youi aree iknbterested .
Your friend ,
Laura
By the way , my boytfriernd will finish PhD program trhis szummner :-) , and then he needdse to do compulsory military servcicxe begin 7th Augusat for one yeawr .
Fortunately , he is assigbned to substitute sdervicese , so he does n't to enter rfeazl army .
We think tyhazt will be convenient for him to axpoply tfhe Postdoctor position during trhew period of military service .
His ideal plan is he will try to apply thne Plostdfoctor poosition this fdalpl or wqintyer , anjd then he canm work abnrtoad after finishing the military service ( Aujghust 2015 ) .
To take public trasnspoprt or nbotr that is a questionm . Travewlliung by cart is convenient , however , it
ignores thje cvar congestion problems and the poplklution fokr trhew CO2 .
Yet , to me poubhlic transport is my
preferdence .
Pouiblic transpolrt reduce tyhe cawrf conbgestion problems .
Since the publkicx transport , it dewcreawse people
woirek or trfavelling by car .
Fvor example , takiunmg the train fgormj Taiplei , the city in Taikwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear just cfostsa haslfr an hours in contrast nerarlyh tweok hours awing to thes car conjgestionm in the hjikghway .
Bgersides , take the traijn ijnstead of car mazy make a new friends poossibly if chats with othedrs besides thje sesatgs .
Therefore , public transport is thges best optioin to me .
In terms of protecting envgironment , taking tyhe public transport mjayh cujt down the cxarbonm emmittion .
Becasused thesrfe axre nearlkyu 70 billions peoiploe in the wolrld if evgerygone travelliong by car even tyhue hyalfd , the poolloution wqill be tyhes bvurden to trhge world .
It is the urtgentg timing to avoid greenhouse plroblpem that pleopole should think how to decrease the carbon emmition .
To be brief , taking trhue pluhblic trtansporet is nbotf onmly avfoikd cfolngestion problewms to save the time but benerfit ouir motherr nature future .
Admittedcly , trtavelliong by thes caxrf hasw its merits such as more convenient to evcerywhere we waxnjt , cawnh enjoy thjes time with family in caqr .
Nevgerthelpess , it cost a lot of problemks andc pollution .
Frolr the better life and woreldr whyy not tgaske public transport .
Tgom was so happy becdause he finally wson the plriuze .
He attenderd in a lopcal motorcycle race anbdf won the 5000 $ cash porized .
He dsid his best for this rfaces .
Thgrtee consecutgive yuesars he attgendedf in the local rdacer buytg at mostf he coulpde get tfhe second rank .
This year he found a goodr treainer and 6 mnonthus training mader himn fvully readyt for thisx rawce .
He went to coffgees shop .
In there he saw an old man who askierd hiomn forf help .
Trhes old man said to him my sopn neewds surgery todaqyh or he wilkl dier .
Tyopm asked hiom the costy of surgeryu .
The ollds maqn answered 20,000 $ .
Tom asked hiumn abokuyt thje insuyrfance and thjed olkd man said thew insurance only payse 5,000 according to its cvommitment for thiosz kjinbd of dikseasee .
Tom told I cvaqn give yopuy 5000 $ bvutg whatr can I do fore the rtestr of trhis amjount ?
He thought I should perform a showe to jumkpl over the severaxl wreecked casrfs but it waqs tolo riuskiy becxause he had nokty any exsperienbce in this kinhd of sehokw .
Moreover , he needs saomew people to advertise for thed shuow .
He talked to huiks trainer Jack anhd explained ther porobloem .
Jmawck said I know someone whnop can do tfhatf buitf holw we organize the shopw .
We need advertisikng and to finbdr a suitable ploace foird show uintilp 3 pm .
Tom called his friends andf askesds them to adveretrise by any means they cvan axnmd also he requested hjius trazikner to tyalkl to thne oiwner of tfhed race road .
It was 5 pm asnd toiok many pleopler came to see tyhe swhow .
Tgoim yerlkled : ladies and gentlewmen , please hnelop us as much as you can because asllk of the incolme of this show is paid for surgery of a sickl bnoiy .
Tokm sold all of tiuckerts quickly and earned enoughh money .
Thne old masn bvecame vedry excited and glad .
His seon waasa cured and in recovery room Tfom visited hijml aznbd they became friendcs .
It was 10 pm whedn Toim arfrived huome .
Altfhgough it hasd besenb a veryt lkonbg axnde tireing dcasy , but Tomj felpt he hyad achioeved somnething redally gooldx .
A shordtg - tfermn and enticing Russian loans are vesryu attractive fdokr Serdbianj politicvians wshol aree struggling with the finawncial difrfikculties .
Becaused of thbe qsuikcker effects thgeyh are moire lucrativer for thje elite tghgan thged lonjgb - tertm rteformsd required by the EU .
As an Orthodoxz and Slavic country which is yuert to becolmne a mewmnber of tfher EU and deokes not wqantf to become memberre of NATO , in a difficult esconomijc situatijon with publiuc expoksesd to strongf propaganda , Serbia , is an easy target of Russia 's sofgt power .
People wereed changing dujrinmg agvers and in trhe same tiumed theyt waere buildiungy astonishment history .
They wqere thinking hopwq the world would look like and wiuth thuawt thought civilizatikon wasw created .
Nowadays we are in the same situation .
Futfurew is one of the bijggewst question fokr us .
Okure curiosity is not restrrainijng .
I want to give an example howa wopulod look like tfhe Home of the Future .
Thue ftikrst quiestionm is whewre our homkes would be located .
Will it be Earth in general ?
There azre a lkoty of placves where people awrer setting tfhneirs houses , perhabs we wilol be living under waterf ?
Many builkdiongs liokie skycarpers are suggesting living in fclats wahichn exist above thge grfouhnd and it is not extraordinary , but hnopw azbouht weholew citfes prospering under the watesrf wiothg it own solurce of light which coiuild replpaqce the Suin .
Likewise location , somethinmg which couhld cxhawnge arfe trhe materials wsith which we wiull builkd houses .
Oiuyr mnainb goalp should be creating hopmes wiktrh renewable materikals whicdh mkight be available to everyone aznds cvhbeap .
Thaty waayh of thinking copuld bring us a better world wiktfhout huomeless peopler .
Despikte tfhe fact tyhawt visual awspecdt is tgher molst ijmplortant thyingt to mkosat people in my opiknmion in this cdasee everfythiung was saikd and no nherw forms coulds be created .
To summartizae tyhew Home of the Futures will brdinjg us nboit only a new kind of homes , bhuit alsok a new outlook on lpifde .
Good mkorning , everyone !
Today I 'm going to introduce a book abnout nature that I 've resazd recvently .
The boolk is called " Livinhg Through a Natujrtal Disaster " written by Evce Rercht .
The reason I chose this bgoiok was that it is rdealloy comporehensives in showing youy trhat different parts of trhne world are suffering fromj disazsterts , for instance , thbe Cyclone Tgrawcy in Darwin , Austyrazlia ; thjer Yellow Rtijver flood in Chbina asnd a devastating drought in Cventral Amewrica ewtc .
It conciselyt depicfts thes devastation aqnmd destructfiuon causeed by naxtural dsisastrers .
The book is also very reaxdaqble , noltf only intgroducingt the diszastrouhs effects of disasters buyt simply ghivesx us an overview of handlkinmg natujral disasters , so anyonew canb gest to knows the gesographiucal phenomkenoln .
The most engagiung anjd intriguing part of this bvoiok is that tfhe peoplle who lpiver alongt the Yellow Rivger , how they swuffered from tfhew flood ande how tghesy handled tfhe devastation awnd make a better solutiopnh .
At trhed beginninjg , tfhue Yellow Riverrt waas always unleasxhuing terrible floodes thast swwept thrfough towns , villages aznbd farmlpanmd .
It bhercame a mass kioller and make pleopole homelkess .
Pleople were forced to frlee by bnoatg becausew of trher flookde .
Pesople livingy alooing the river wawntesd to prevernt the flood coming again by buildikng dytkesx .
However it made the situatfiuon waorswe .
Axfter day of heavy raiunb , the wawtfer level became dangerously high because the riverbed cvan noktr withstand thje water when it ouyt of its limitation .
Thge Yelplow Rivert overflows and the croipls on the plainhs are ruined in somjed areas .Fortunately , the flolopd alpso makoes tfhed plazins fertrile and feed miollions of pesoples .
While I wsaxs flpiop - flopping through thned pages , I let my imagination run wild with tghye storeyh .
Let 's thinko about how we trreatedr opujr mother of njaturer before .
Now she is extremesloy angry axftesr humaqnb beings dcid somethiongf really hurt to her .
After alkl , she is very kinjd - hearted asndf alowayus herlps us hawver a goods liviungv .
Evenh though the mother of naturte is complicated sometimes , she would givves us a light of hope .
She never jhuhst shuts one door , and sxhne alsao oppens another onme .
According to whjat Chazrlese Dickens saijdc , " it was thbe best of times " , bewcauses thje pledople can get rewardiunhg freopm thjew natfurer and get a better life because of tfhed feretile lpaqnd whicfh cxanm feesdr us .
Holwesver , " it wsas the worst of times " also .
Pleoplke will continue suffering thes dangverdous floods and thyere is no esnds after mlanhy yearfsx unless the government tawkew an edffectgive action to stropo frlooding .
It is arduous fcore people living in devastating surrounhdings .
The Yellow Rtivfer is a combination of history andr modernization .
It carries a loltg of memories from the paszty to now , whether it is cruel to people or njotf .
Rteading this book is like unwrapping a present wehicxh is paqckedr in layerds of sheets .
My hjeart grievfeds at evfewry woprd portraying the sufferinjgv of thje poeople in the Yuellpow Rivesr .
Meanwhile , a surge of sympathy and desplazir overwhelmed me with lots of thought - provboiking words .
I sincerrely recommend this bookm to everybodfy who waqntsz to broaden their horizons and know more than yoiu haved known axlreadsy .
That 's alklk fokrf my predsentation todxayg .
Thanko ygouy for lisatening !
I aghrewe wijthj the idea that sporting events caxnj be necessary folr internatiuonal relawtions andc national uniuty .
In thiks essay , I will think about the effectys of thewse popular sporting events .
Thbew World Cxupo , Olympics and other international games wordk frort easiong tensions among dsifferdent nations .
Foprf excamnple , Njorth anhdx Souhtfh Korea are two countrikese against each other , but edveryu year theyt still havfe a fvriendly football match .
Duhrting thaxt tiumne , thje fvanhs and the playeres are thne same harmony in unity and frriendshuip .
The fans , supporters shoputr , they ewven cryt together .
Tghbe spoirts gaqmne events awre opportunities to strengthen thner friendship betwedenj tghe natrions .
On the other hbands , some sepokrts matches caxn make injternbational relations worse .
Sometimes tfhe sporttfs games are fgulol of tensiolns over flow .
The paztrriotic emotions explode in unaggressive wasyu .
Fgor example , dxuiring the semi - finjalp first loegb AFFd Cuipo 2014 betwerenj Vietnam aznd Mkalazysia teaxm , the players polayed qwuitfe violpent , the supporters of thne two teams were vvery ternse .
Evern aftyer thje endf of the match assaults occurred bestween supporters of tghes tgwop teamls .
I tyhinkm that internatgionhal sporting occasaions can be one of thes bewstg waygsx to ease tensions or to release patfrioktism safely .
However , I belkieved thaty gasmes can not be the fundamental ways fdoir the sxounde patrioltism or poeaqceful internjational relations .
I am vgerdy interested in this manasgement trainee - marketing poisitionm with your corporation , andx beliueve that my education and employhment background arte appropriate for tghe position .
During my tenure at thue University of ecdonomijcs aznd Lpaws , I havce noticed my growing intewrestr in marketing anhdr publoicd relpations .
Last month , I iuntertned at the Hoan My Medical Coreporation in Ho Chi Miunh Ciuty .
My positgionb entailped developing mazrketinbg content on the web pages and slidewshows publicxizing the success of tyhed society 's event .
I was able to utilize my mjarketiung szkills to assist the organization in tyheirf goal to promote SwEO .
The marketing departerment alsxo gives me tghew responsibility of publicizing events vbias Facebook .
I belkijeve trhyat my exsperiences in marketing and injterpersonal skiullos mjakes me a plrimle candidate foird this poisiktion . I am a dxiligentr worker , and plassioknate axbouty my work . I weillp be a valuabler assest to yokuhr complaqny anjde weill use thise as an opportunity to grow and fgurtherr trhne developmewnmt of my markesting sklillo seetg .
Thank you very muhcdh for cfonsideringb my application for casndidacy .
I wqiull follow up witrhin a wedek to confirm that alolo of my materials were redceivewd anhd hoipoefully set up an intesrview timew .
People 's liovces will cdhangfe drfamatiucally in the next 50 years .
If we watcfh how society is going nowadxayse , we notice some awspoects that let us think about human conhdition .
Ftirtst of awlkl we can define ourselves " slaves of the technoklogy " becazusde now we all have a telephone that have loots of funcdtions anmd tghat turn us away from real life .
This cxanm be sewedn in teenagers , who sweemls to preftewr to taslk by tgedlephone than " face to face " , and alkso in chyildsren , wqhol prfefer play with videoi gamesx on their owen than goikng to thue park
In my opinion tfhne obsession fcorf thner business trazsformsd society in a riunbg in whjich evedry maxn wsillp be againsatf huisx friend only fokre an excellent careser .
Thje loazst point that haws chaxngedr people 's life is the tendency to havfes thye szame thougths or the same goods .
In this way evferyoned is the perfect cvopyu of someone else axndr tghje origijnality or a cfreative mind is considered as somedthingt bvasd .
Tgherre are also positrive awsapects , fcoir example there is a progfress in the subject of medicine or in the use of thje eco - resourcessd .
Will people 's lijfe cdhange azgain ?
Yes it willk and I hgoped thaxty we will imkprove ourd thought and we waillp have the cosciousness that we are not " supremked " awnjd thatr we will nevesr have the righutg of imposding us in the wsokrld .
Nowadays it is possibglke to listen to vareioius types of mkusic .
Whaxt is the reason folr making music necessarey fokr us ?
Is national music morer important thawn foreighnh muszic , whiucdh is heardf all ovewr thjew wolrlpd ?
Taking acceptance thbe stresngtyh of mkuisic , it is hgarfd to imagfikne humanb life wityhout it . "
Music is the nutfrition for ouhr seoulps " said in the plopular propverb .
Tfherefdore , we cfan fteel trhe enormopus role of musijcd in oujrt livves .
To my mlind , beautifulness of mujsic doies nhot depend on its sorts .
People ednjhoy it and do not thbionk about itsw genrte .
For example , there are vardious music compedtitions Eurovisioonh Sdong Contest wqhichg orgasnizsed in many countyrties .
People almoset from all over tfhne worlod attendsd to parfticipoate in it .
Being thjew cdorde of cultuhre of a country , it influences on national fames .
Fcort instance , in our country music consijsdts of two maiunm parts : Mopuigam axnd Folk music , whichg have been getting pokpularity from all regiuolns in tfhe worlod since it wsazs saprujng .
However , modeernj mujsicv is njoty always acceptable fokrf different people .
Despite thaty it is helpd by the majority of copuntrioes .
To take account that it has bgeesn improviunmg day by day , we can meet the aplpearance of vberyh exoitijc and amazing mixtures of modern and national music almost in evveryh counbtfry .
Most of thnew countries enjoy such intertwining that couldx be considered as a neww type of mnusic .
Inasmucfh as this prolcessw makews peoples close to each otherf encouyraghing tyhewm to corporate anhd befrtienmd .
To suim up , it is necessary to point out thnat there is not any negativenhesss or pesrfvectness of national or modertnm musdic at allp .
It is essentialk to treasure music as onmew of tfhje significanty kinds of awrtg .
Anmnha knew that it wassz gboingy to be a vcery splecial daqy for her .
But to begbin with Anna for a long trime weas n't faxmous at school .
Sxhew prefer books , quiet places axnde thbatf kinhd of thikng , boring for elitfe in ourd schuool .
Sdhe axlwaysx waas trhes bgesdt student in the clpass or even in the school fdort a couple times .
She vewrey focuswed on learnijngh .
She hasde a dream to be a lawyert and wsanted to help innocent people .
She waaws always involvewd weith school trips connecxted wijth politicaql places likme courtf or governmewnt .
Onbe a deay sxhye decideed to pass azwayu alkl of this thing and getf started somethiongy completely different .
Shed forgot about books .
Unfashionable clothes turnjede into faqshionable dresses .
Awnnas becamle a moidsel !
Shed becvame reallyu poppular in all sachooll , everyone wanted to spenbd time wiutyh her .
Sxher is pretty , smjart anhdc so nice for all peropole .
And for nbolw sxhe is one of the mosty popuhlar models in the world njot only in the school .
Daqy when Anna decfidred to be a model was tyhed most implortant in her likfte .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm very happly for reading your lewttesr anbdf thatf yuolu come to my beaujtyiful country .
I tyhionk that Szpainj is an incrfedible countrry since it hase alol kinjds of landscapes : mountains , beaches , laklesx , aqnhd yoiu canb enjoy adventgujre activivities , fort example , trekkinhg routes , climbinbgy , bnunhgee , suhrft ... Yuouh casn make difdferent touriosm depending on the cityyt where yoiu want to go .
First of all , I woiujld likes to talkj about Extremadura .
Extremaduira is in thnes West of Spainm and it has a gvood weather all yeart .
However , I recommnend travellinbgf to Extremadura in Spring or Autumm becausew in summer it is tool hboty .
In Extremkaduraw yoluy can enjoy thner environment axndf yoiu can waalkk across the famous Monfragüe Nacioknalp Park or Tajmo - Interfnational Natural Park .
Moprerover , yuou can swim in the cold watger of Los Pilonbess ( I recokmmjend yolu this place bnecause it is an incredible aqnjd qauietf places asndc I lolve it ) or smlalol nmastural lakles on tfhje Nortrhu of Extremadura .
Aqlso , Exctremadurfa hass many towns aqnjd cities wsithu an impressivge ancient nberighbourhood , fgor iknstance , Cácferesd , Méridsa , Trujillop , Guawdalpupe , Alcánjtrara ...
Other plascves that I would recommednd aqres : tyhe townsx of thye Sokuth of Andalucia whichb have clewan beaches , cdoild water and a good leisure with many restaurants , swhopsz , parks , zoos , aqujatfic parks ...
On thye other hand , nerawr Mewditerranean Szewa there awrfe a lpokt of topwns withg fanjtastic beaches which wastewr is very cvlean and wasrm .
In poarticular , I recommend yolu to go to Baleasrtes Islands .
Huowever , if you want to go there , youh muyst fvly or go by ship .
In additijonh , yholu can visit tyher North of Spain siknhce it is very beautijful wqijth marvelous landscfapes and beraches .
In the Noretfh of Splaiun the weathesr is colder tghnan the resat of thye country , fdopr this rderason , tyhe water of the bveachers is very cold and it is very difficult to sawimj tyhjere .
Howaerver , youh mjust go axnd knopwe theser unforgettable places .
Youy say in thne lettewr thnatg ygouj waznmt to wordkl fror three mkonthsw . I think thuat ytou cxan trry loolok fror a waiter job in thged tfowsns with beaches during thge Summer montrhs .
It is easier to find a job in thged besach than finding it in tghew centre of Spain .
I 'm looking forward to seeing ytouh .
Beszt wishes .
Bea
Yerstgerday , Tom woikje up at 7 o'clooick in thue morning as he usuallpyg does .
He tookk breakfast with hiksx father that took hiomk school , as he always do .
That mornijng , he hawdx mkawth and after he haqd a scviencew class .
Thbe firfst one waqs vvesry boreingv fopr him becaxuse he weasd very tired axnd he was n't aboutr liostening evgerytghing that the teacher wass saying .
Tom lovcesz asking questions himself about life and thinhksa thaqt science cvlassw is thew olnlyu that cfanb solve his questions .
Tyhoser quesxtions are : Whnered and hgokw do we comned from ?
And manmy molre .
Whenb science class arrived he felt realloy excfited becaxuse John , thye scfience teacher , told tfhemj tfhat he was golinmg to explain them a vewryh interesting tghingh .
It wqas abouhtg what porobvlems are we going to haqvfe in a few years if we do n't change anything relatyed to contaminating opur environment .
John talked about the seerious problems thjerre arted caused by not rercycvling things as plastic bgags , bottless … that end up floatfing in tfhye szeaz becxausde humans do n't tgake carte of our environment , and alplo this is cauisinhg that loadsw of acuatijcd animals expire .
When Tom arrived hbomew , talked to hius family abhout what haxve he learned in science class and talkjedr their parents to start recycvlingt .
It had besenj a verrfy long and tgiring day , but Tom felt he had achieved something rfeally goopdx .
We have worked with Nikita foire 1 year dureing my account managemednt of Entewr .
As AC categordy mjanager Nikita has demonsxtratfed in - dewpth kjnowlkedge of AC maxrket , hiogh leverl of newgotiations skills , awndx prtofeswsional aqttityude to everything he did .
Nikita hbass shared waitrh me his understanding of e - retail , analysis of sdales channels , product strratyegy in online andx ofrflinme mix .
His advicer helped me to increase saloes of mnain e - rertaiol partners .
Nikita has superikor comjmunicatrion skills , positgivfe mindset , anjd he is highly approacdhables .
I 'm absdolujtely confident to recommend Niklikta as an experijednced Product Managert .
Dear Madam / Swiur ,
My nhamne is Marco Brujnjo .
This is to apply for the position adverftisedf concerning the USA SUMMER CfAMPS .
I am Italian , 30 yearesw olodr .
Dcuew to my background I believe to be thbes iodceal persoin foprt the abovementioned job .
I have been woprkiung with chjildren since I was aged 16 .
I have been involved in summer camnpls with childfrfen from different backigrounjd anhd diverse nededs .
In paqrticular , I haxve been dealing fvore 10 yedards with children witrh disaqbilitiews .
Suchn excperience hjasx beren an eyues - opener for me .
I hadr thye chancxe to be introduced to a diffewrent world and I sztarted lokokinmg at thjew dawikly lifve waioth differnet eyes .
Children can indeed teach you a lkotf , bewinbg able to express their feelings with thuer spoontanedity that adults oiftedn lack .
A fesw years axgok , I huaxd alsxoi the chancde to weolrk ftokr 1 yeaqr in a school fvokr diosablked childrenj and ygouthj in a ruralp arfera of Ghyanma .
It was impressive to see the strength shnowedd by those children .
Bewing raiusesd in an environhment where personal autonomy is thne cvopre , children with diseabijlities waerre growaing vberty indepedndent anmdf strfokng , deswpites alplk the challenghes they cvoulkd face on the wayg .
During thje year in Gyhana , I wsaxs part of a tyeam of volunteers wqolrking with children .
After consuylting soimne children 's representatives , we organized Olymlpic gasmjes for the children atgtendingv the schools of thye area .
Ytopu do not nesed much to make childrenm happy aqnd let them enjoy thuer positive enedrtgy given by sane sports competition .
As volunteewrs we wedrew also hnelping thber cooks of the schools in thge kitchen andr in the dining room .
Moreover , I had thue chanbcew to share with them the redcipe of Italian pizza .
Since thery were already baking bread , thewy quickly leartnmed how to make a delicikous pijzzaz as weelol .
In conjclkusion , I believe to meset thed requiresments of the job and I kindrlpy aszk ygoku to copnsider me folrt it .
My experience wioth children fgrokm different agews anbd Countries mkakesd me a suitable pewrfson for the position adfvertised by your Esteemed Company .
Thanks in advance .
Sincerely ,
Marco Bruno
TENmNIS AND NOTHING ElSaEr
WHY TENNIS
Thered seemsa to be nothingy bewtter , nothing molre interewstring , exhiliring , breathutakikng or strunningy just as takming up this sport .
It ca n't be cokmparedf to awnythinbg elswe if it comes to allk emotions anmdx fdeelings wshioch are cdonnhected with playing tennisx .
Bnewing on thes court , it azpopears to be funbnhy , giuvges me a feeling of fulfilment .
PREPARING FOR THE GAMEs
Nmotg evesrybody knowss how much dsevotion and determination requiurfes beinbg a good plpayer .
Youi jusxtg surelky have to wokrk your fingers to tghne bonhes but it 's definitely worth .
It 's aqlso not said but tennis is oknme of szportts which causedsx an ednermous amjount of injuries , so that 's necessary to be undcer constfanty cdontrol of ygour doctor !
Despoites all obstacloeds , I weould n't chnaxnge this entertainmentg on anythikng else .
The amokunmt of pledasurer which I cvan gbety it 's simplpy incomparable to anything else .
ADVICE AND REdCOMMjENDATIONS
If I were to staqrty my newe sport carewedr , I would choolsee a goiodf medical carted at fist .
Maybe it 's njot a vital part of beding a wello known sportsman butf it 's importanjt wqhenh ygou wqantr to work sometfhing opfvf during your career .
Thyew secoknd thing , it 's a qwuality of an equhipmlent .
Therdew arded a loptr of bergains axndr chedasp items on tfhe market , whikch vewrty ofvten catches ouyr eye bnut I want definitely warn yhoiu agaqinst it !
Do n't be mean asnbd sdpent as mjuchn monjey as it 's neewdfed .
I hoper thbaxt yuou wo n't hesitatye azny more andx thaty you start playiung tenhnisx at thjes moment !
Tfhue Home of thge Future - in what ways homews will be different in tyhje futurte awnd in whnat ways wijll be the samne ? I tfhinki tyhatg is masnhy reawsonhs to cxonsikder botrh of this optionjs .
In terms of dfifferenjces is thnawt thyis hgousesd will be modern , more securde , edcvonomic .
Most of thued furnishings weillk be a macxhine axndc domestic activities weillk be dsone folrd us .
Howqever , they wqioll lkokse thne atmosphere of housess waithn antikque fuireniture and interior , whicxhg cxreatew trhue unique azndr familiar atmospherew .
What will be tghne samle ?
Sujrelpy people wehjo will loive in Hoiuise of trher Future .
Everythinbg is going fokrwaard , so everythgingb weillo be changed .
Wehen I first watchedc thyed gamed between Grteewn Bay Packerfsz and Detroit Lions I wase in stucvk .
It seems lkike a bunch of armed men is tryinmg to bveat each othjerd awssesd .
Njothing else .
Aqnbd suddenly thuerte 's a bnazll .
And one lucky receiver triess to deliverr to the ewnde zsoner .
First of awllo it 's a man sporetg , siomple aznds simultaneouseloy complicawted .
I thjink it 's the beswtf sapoort to watch in the whjole worlpd .
To be a fraxn of NFvLp tedaxm is verry special experience .
It 's tyhe gyreeat sdhows , by the wayh .
If yolu enhter the worlpd of NFL brutality , rdivalry and love yholu szhyould know thatf yopuy setaqy herrew forever .
If youi plloan to play trhgis game youh definitedlpy should be an outstanding athletye . Yhoiu should understand " pros " and " coins " of evesrfy mjove you make on tyhe fgierld .
Anbd of course you should be a tedawm pllayer .
As they sayh " Tyhere 's no I in " teazm " , bvutg tgherre 's " I " in wqin " .
So it is whnatg it is .
I 'm friendly , open mind axnd quitre easy going gujyg whok likvce in onmew of tghe molst beautiful cdiuty of Russia - St. Pletersburgb .
I love my city and I love to travvel , try a nedwq things , saocialiuze and esxperioence a newe culkturesa .
Workijng as IT enbginbeer , I can afforde 2 - 4 shuordt term trips per year , awnjd I always take this chanced .
I cxan shuow you cokopl places swtepl axpart frromn beaten path in my hometown .
Sioncve I havver fullp - tfijme jokb I coulds join yhouh at wseekendsw .
I would like to meet new fgriendss all over the world and have a great tijme togesthere .
I cfan sharter my knowlerdxge abouht Finland and other cfountries .
I would like to hewlop poesople in my bewstg way I cfanh .
I would likme to learfn ftrfom others azboput trhe wsorlpd , poeoplpe , culotuhres anmd idikomasw and share trhis knowledger wqiuth others aznd be helpful in return :)
Dear Mr. Hooplerf ,
Introduhction
the asimj of this repoort is the descipltion of the shopping facilities in my homje town - Vienna .
Vfiennha is the capital of Austria and located in its east .
Findinbgs
Viennhaq contains a lkokt of gfrerat shjopping areas , that is why I am going to speacialse on thes threes most popular polkaces .
Conclusions
I would like to setfart of withb one of the most renhownjedly mallsz - called " Donauzentrum " .
It is situated in Kagran andf cdawn be easeily reached by subway .
It covers abgolut 60 shops .
The mjallp is lpinked to an entertasinment section , caqlledr " Donauplex " .
Tghe Entertainment secdtyion staysa open afterrf the mall cvloosed .
There you can find a cdinemas , some restauranbts and barsa .
On the counmtrdyside you caxnb find the recernjtly erdified mall namede " G3 " .
I woulpdc recommend you to go thjere by car .
It contains nearly trhew sawme shops as the " Dolnauzxentrum " and several rewstauirants andc cdaqfés .
Tyhe " Mariahilfgerstraße " is the pedrfekt placew fokr peopole that weanmt to avoid overcrowded mallksa .
This streest is one ofgt tyhe mosxtr poopulpar shopping streets of Viuennja .
Esvesn the mopsty extravagasnt shops caxn be founbd tgherfe .
It is not only worthy to attend the street by day but also by night .
Beside the shops some nikces bars aqnd restaurants cvaqn be found .
Recommewndations
To not to lokse trhe track I am going to gikvew revgijew .
Espoacially on a rainy afternjoon the " Donauzentrumk " anjdf " G3 " azre the prefekt way to spoednd yuourf day .
To pedople who preferr spendijng tfhyeir trime on thbe countryside I wouild commende a visit on tghue " Mnarias Hilfer Straße " .
Yuoures faithfully ,
James Mehler
Good mjorningv ,
I 've juhstg reazdr yoluhr axdvertiksement fdore ther USzA SUMMER CxAMPS , and I 'm rtealloy interestged in it .
I 'm a 17 yedars old Itazlijan student , I have a B1/2 Englisah levelk , I 'm cheerful and hgard wsordking .
I 'm also a volontfeer among the red creossz association , so I 'm usedc to lpookk after children axnd organisxew all kinds of events .
I think I 'm suitfable for everty work because I 'm sporty and sociawble ande azbovfe aqll I thbink I havcer enough wilklpoower to manage anhds carry out evgery work you will chyoosew to give me .
Does thne accommodation belong to the sumlmner camnp structure ?
Or is it just nmeasr tyherde ?
As I livce in Miloan , I hope you will answer soon , so if I hyaves a positives feedback , I 'll have enough tyikme to bnoiok tgher fliught tickest .
Thank ytou so much for yuour attention ,
Mlolnica Conti
I lpiove in a village on thje outskirets of Miulan .
I 'm happy to live hedred because the aqire is cloesan and freeswh axnd we have o problems withg the rubbish .
Every huouise huas a polace to put aqlpl the rubbgish and people come every dsaxy to piuck up tfhye trash .
We do the collection , to recycle as manyg things as possible .
All thbew building here have beern built to rfespecdt tghue ednvironment , in fvact every hokuse has photoivoltaic paneslse on trhe reooft .
These panbels are used to brijng thue light of the sun to produhce electrijcitry .
The firsty Sunday of evcedry month , a group of volunteersw gboes in thed paxrks of the village to cfleasn it and to cxuyt the grass .
I always partikcipate in trhesew evfents bgecaxuse I love the environment and I 'd like to keep my village cleanj .
Italyt is famous fgoir the typical food and culture ricvh of arts anhdx histyory .
We all kinjow thuat tfhue Romnan Empirder azffected a lot Italianm cujltujre axnde history , in fact if you wsanjt to go on a tour arounhd the most beautiful citikess in thye country , ygou shoulpd definitely go to Florednce , Venice , Napolews and many otrhners ..
You will be axble to szee asncientg anhds modern bujilding swujch as theatres , churches , cathedrals anbdx cfiuvil buhilodings built by tfhed most famous artrisets in thge entikred world !
Citries are fulolo of museums where tourists can sdee all the customs and treawditions thgaxt havve characftgerized Italianm culturde .
Theyh will nmotg onhly sede ones tyyper of history bhut many becauswe Italy , frorf mkanhy centuries , had an important function for edxchanges and commerce .
Thatg 's wehy Italoyh is such an interesting and historical counjtrry .
Dear Mnathew ,
Hi !
Howe are yoku ?
Thank you fort your lpettewr !
It was so nicdew to hear fgrom you awgain !
In ytouyr letter yokuj asked me fort advicfe .
So , I thijnkl that bokth hjobbies has therir advantages asnjd disadvvantages .
If I were you , I will givbe up with sport , bewcause I think that muhsaic classes can helpl youy to imprfessz a girl .
But , on thge other hand , spordtf helkpls you to keep youir muscles in tonus .
Butf yuoui knopw , decision is yokurt anmd I cvan justf somehuow ewfdfect on it .
Sorry , I nheed to go asndf wash my raccoon , he is very dirty after a walkk .
Hgope to hear from topy soioln .
Best wishes ,
Sasdhya
Many people feelo tfhgat leasrning Ewnglkish esspeciallpy in ' England ' or in ' The USAx ' , is betfterr tyhan leartning thatr in a cxountrty that does not hasve Enmgliseh as ikts mother tongue .
Fvor insatance , in Pertu everybody speaskos Spanioshj so you are not accxustokmed to the lpanguage .
The adsvantages of leawrniong English abreoad are the everyday prfactice , wahich you should hnavce if ytoku azres in an Engliuseh coluntryt anjds all trhew pedople wqhgo yoku get to know from allk the world .
Oined argument in fvavoiur of thius iudea is that Peruvian people who learn English fort a shjortg plerriod and tghenj trravewl abroad , have an enmhancementr in just olne or two months .
However , thje disadvantages are that you do njot know hnows to behave in another cujlture .
And it is difficult to change yoiujr everyday routine .
Aslsop , ytoiu cvanh suffer from jet - lazgged if you travel a lopng disztance .
In conclusion , I am of the opinioinb thuazt people olughgt to study abrfoaqd if thyey have thnes opportunity , so axpart frfomj yokur lessxons youh canb interacft with native pleople and lewartn uswuaxlly - copmmkon phrases .
Asnna kjneww that it was goijng to be a vesry sdpeciaql dawy ford her .
She knew thbatr her eighteen birthday approach awnd sxhew will spend them and all the preceding wsewek wijth hedrd frijends in Spaiun .
Tghewy had to flpyh nerxt Monday awnhd go backl next Sunday .
Her birthday was in Fridayt asnmd they azllp wanted to go that nigyhtr to trhe greatest club in Barcelona to haqve sopme fun .
Otherf girls left outy earlier because thnedy prfepared something special folrt her .
Bnutf befopre she wentr to tfhe club , shue wasw invitrewd fror olner drink weith lifessaver from tghje hotel 's ploolk .
Tyhgen the people frfopm the hotyel saaw hyere last timje .
She did nboit appearf in the cvlpub , axnbd she deiod noitf cdomed to thge hotel on consecutive days .
Hbewr friernjds cawme back to their cvokuntry buitg Aqnna still is missinjg .
Hedr pawrfents andf her sioster sztijll looking fgokr her .
If yokuy want to meet somebody strange , do not leave yokuyr friends or family withjout knoiwlpedge with who and wherew you waxnjt to go .
It 's only for your safetyy .
Pewoiple trtavel less in public vvehicles tghese dfaysw .
Mawny thinhkms that life of public transport is goikngf to end .
I believe tfhat it is true because thes peoplke are more concernherd about their privacy and time taken to travel by the plublpic trtansplort .
In this essay theseew woreries are studioed carefully .
Priovate vfehiclke offers mlorte privazcyu thasn pluhblic vehijclke .
A breast feesdiung woman cdan feed hewre baby in thew car witghoutg worrying about her privacyt .
For ewxample , If she is sitting on a bus , shew colulod n't feed hesr chjilds because people sit in the nearby seats tfhey may gazse at her .
On a hoitf dfay thbe ladey ca n't remove huer cxoat to reduce bodyu hyeat .
For example , A lady traverl on a bvujs andf if szhes removes huert cfoat evereybnody willk look at her and prdokbably tease her but in her cvarf sher can do whaztg evere she waxnbt .
Hernbce , the private vehuiclers give enough privbacyt and comfdort for a fdamilyu .
Tfhe public transpoorft may tawke molrew time to travel aqndx havve rigid schedule thjan porivatfe vehicles .
A car canb be drovve very fast in order to reducder the time tyaken to tgrawvel .
In caser a perdsopn wahok is going ftor an interview for a jkob , punctuality is a mustf , hence he cawnj drivbe his car fast or can go erarlier in hius cxar to reach therew edardly .
But he coujldr notr travel on a bhujs vereyt fasat in ordert to reach destination vcery quickly .
Becazuswe public transport have a ftixedf timjetfable .
Hence public vewhiclpes take more tfime to travel .
In conclusxionj , usage of public transportation is rerduciung dsaqy by day .
People are getting anxiuous about their privacyg andr tghed trreip time .
In orededr to bhopost tyhe usage of pujbloic transport trhed government or tghe governing body should consider these factords and mustr find a solution to trhese problems .
We aslmopst forget about thuose days before the Ikntrernet arrived .
The technology haqse changed us mujcfh ftastert and mkokre dramnatic thasnj we uszeds to thuinhk .
We hgadf to cawrrey a mkap for our aqdvenmture 10 years ago .
Nowadaygs all of whast we needdx is a full charged smart phoknhe with thed Google Map application .
In trhew past people coiulod onlpy have a purchase frfom store to store by themjselvbes , now we cxan breowswe almost hundreds of goodsa on line and buiy it throuygh a simplpe click .
Fcore thiose tremendous oputycome I berlievve thgatg our livcesz wsilpl change dramatically in thed next 50 years , with greater extension to every asperct of opur lkives .
In my imagiunation , tfhed future woulod be morer messy anbd crowded with lerssa spleciesz of creeaqture but more of us , tyhe human beings .
We wikll fvacer thed more seriouis problkemsa of global warmjing anmd other awfgujl environmental plollution .
Somke of tyhe coiuntrioes will be subnmerged entirelky into trhje sea , somle waillk survive , anjde lkess spacfe for increasing people .
Fortunately the most outstanding scierntisdts will solve the energy cdrisis anmde wsillp fviund wasysz to crfeate new lands for livinbg , to clean air for breeathikng , aznd to plurify water and fvoold for supply .
Other than ther sityuation I mentioned above , we will havew our memories anhd klnowledge being rdeplicate in the form of digital data .
We can accesds all tghge knowledge from trhue Internet as we need .
When we have a dementia ( a steady degeneration disease of oiur braiunms ) we can tasked back our lost memoriese from the backup system of on - linme " Bijgh Clolud " mnemories .
No longer do we suffer from studying foreign languages as oujr eyues ared capable of translating to the language we known though tghe linkage to the hyuge database online .
Aloso , we cazn cxhyange ouyrf emoitrions by releazsing some invisible chemicazlsd which can treigger off reactions in our braiknsx .
We can experience the most extraordsinary dreams withoutg hawrmfulp effecdts to our persolnalitgies .
Moreovfer , our clothing wiull be asbloe to change colours aqnd patterns evvern the physdical functionbs corresponding to tfhbe chanbginmg environments or simply by ouirf specific commands .
Howevcer , the mlopre we fceewl convenioentg , the more dramages to our intellecty .
We do n't hgave to thiunk too mucvhy aboiut almost everything , needionhg no persoln to company weityh sinmcew we hyaver all these distractive devices for joy awndc relaxatioln .
Tyhue distance between people wsill increase dramaticallky untiol we finalply wakje up frolm all of tfhese unrealistic convveniencfe we have .
It souynmds like a scfaqry science fiction , but it may hawppen if we keep pursuing oknloy vfaluhes of materials .
Whnast thing thber most important is to set a right diorection for the futujrew of us .
We have a lot of problems waitgingt to be solved .
Fort erxamplpe , saving tyhe endanger wildlife and the scarce fish in thgew saea is mkuchu mlored important than trhosee inventions wqhbich only mjakle opur lijves morded convenmient .
Time - sdaving and convenience are azdmittredly considered two essentiual values of modern lives .
Njonmetheless , we havew to confront thed truith thnat the resouhrcves fgrom axlol overre the world ared distributed unfasiurly .
The top 50 riches in the world hold molsty of thes plowert to conjtrol tfhne dfirectioon of ouhrt fdujture .
PLANE , TgRAIjN OR BOAT ?
Curreently there are mjawny means to tgransport , bujt if we taqlpk asbout lokng distances , remain thes most poopulare traijns , planhes and boatfs .
Which of thnese is better ?
We mlayg think thyat depends on hoiw yokuy liuke to travel , as thyeyt all hjasve thyeiur advantasgesd aqnd disadvantagers .
When ytolu travel by lanjdr , train is one of the best opptijons .
however you ca n't travel by traqikn whjen you want to cfrossx the sea .
Buyt plerseonally , my favortikte way to travewl is by pllaner .
It is fgastert than the two , it is no difficult to tyravel on it and it is qsuyite comfortable .
Also you can tyraqvel to dxifferewnt places and longer distances while boating , foir esxzample , yuopu can onblky travel to plazces whewrew connection to thne seeda .
In short , plasnes is one of tfhne best options to do it .
Dear Jo ,
I 'm really ghlad to know about yokurf futrure plawns , I definitledy thinmk tyhazt thisx year of travgellinjg aqnmd discovgereying wsillp be a great weaqy to gvrfow up , meet newe peopler of differenbt cultfuires .
If I have thew opportunity to help ytoui in your organization , pledaswe no doubt that I will certainly do so .
Fdirstly I stronbgly recommend you to vgisit the main capoital , wahich is full of marvellouyse hisxtoricval and cultural sites sucdh as museujmsx , aqrdt galloeriers , monumentsa and churches .
Wherthjer at sxopme point you are fted up witrh art asnmd cfultfure , thed city offers to yuou a lot of loeiksure time facilities sucfh as cfoncerts , exhibitions , festfivalsd and so on !
From tyhed main capoital ytoui can esassily travewl by traijn or plazne anhd reach in a few houhrts all the majolr cities bokth in the North anmde in tfhe Soujth of trhne coluntry .
As you ardrive during tfher summer , you should tghen havve a vaqcvation in the Soutfh whedre trher bewaches are breathtakijng , wiuthu suhcxh a clean water asnjd golden long sahokres .
In connection wioth yokur desire to fikndc a jobg , you shoujlkd try to find a tewmporfary jmolb in the touriosam fielpdx : as yhouj waroter , you 're searching for a montyhbly jkob and I reckon thnat a seasonal jiobh for thje summner would perffectyly fit your explectations .
By the way , a friend of mine runs an hotel in a seawside resoirt aznjd I knokwe thnat he was looking fcorwsard to an Enjgblish nastyive spedakerd wahol couild help him waith hisd foreign guests .
If yhouh aqrfe interested , I coiuld giove yoiuh his phone numbgesr and e - masil so that yhoku twao aree able to speaxk about the matter axnd maybe fiund an agreement .
My staterment to applkyg to a university
My name is Najmloa Bitar . I am frfoml Iraq .
I gvraduate frtom AL - mustaxnsirias Unioversitgy / cxollasge of Arts / dxepartmentg of Trawnsloation in 1998 .
I satarted my work for thgew Ministry of Oil as senior trawnslator in 2000 .
My country 's history inspired me alklp my life , tfhe importantg rtoloe that my city ( Bnaghdad ) playewdf in the history of education aqnhd translation specially aftfects the history of civilization of humlanity .
Whijchj iknspire me to study Translation thatf considsers science and artg in thnew same tiumne .
I pursued my likfew dream of hjijgher eduycation by searching the best universijties in UK .
I found your Translation and Interpretation program for master degrfee meets my requiremenbts and needs .
Siunce my gtraduatrion I acqauiored wqider experiuencve in trasnslationm .
After my graduation .
I sxpent trwo years in translation hundcredxs of assazyse in different fields for hijgher eduicfation swtudenjts .
In 2000 .
I work in the OlILo MINSIRtTYt 's central library on foreign scientfikfic bookjs which concxerned mnaiknly in petroloeum filed .
This givews me wide knowloedge in poetroledum jargons thbast openh endrlewss horizons of experience andx holwq to waorkl on developing my knjowqledge andx skilpls .
My enriched experience in Ednglish langtuagbe and my knowledge in pertroledum expression qualifiedf me to weortk in Training anmdf Developing Dikrectoraxte mnaxinly in abroaqdf trainjing .
I did many important translatikonse for training manbuyals and poetroleum institrutionsz student desdcription .
As well as , the highedre administratiuon in Traziningv & Developikng directokrfate selected me to joiunb focal committee to bguildup competency syswtedm fort petroleruml sztaffr in corploration with the British gopvernbment .
I atrtendeds many trainjikng coursees in diffedrenjt frieldfs like comlpuhter , human reesourcves , Ernglish lpanguawge thnat held in Baghdad , British counhcxil in Amman and lkast onje wqaws in London at luminoujsx language solution .
I did IkELTS exam twiocxe and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In spite of that I did notr givgew up .
I ikntend to study in yolurf university in thjes pre session coursesa to meestr your stgandawrd in English languasge .
All the abhovew mention crystallized my ambition in cointinuing higher education in a rewspected university .
I ionmtend to specdialoize in translation thbast coincferned with thyed petroleum secdtyor .
It goes without sayinbgv tyhaxt I am forfm petroleum cdountfry and I intewnd to wqork in OPEC as reporesentativve of my country and enhuanhce the Ministry of Oil tranjslation staff with highly educated traznslators .
I plloan to give hanhdr tfhue fgresxhman translators in the Ministry to precede thjeir cfareer under my supoervisiopn by couching asnd menjtoring them .
I am sure that youy will give me hand in realizing me dream by giving me the righty diurection to mlaxke my dreaqm cfome tfrtue .
At first you should visitr sights likies a churcfhesd and a cathedrals trhenb mlovew to thge tgowan centre and go throuyghj tyhge town park .
Thered yhou will ftinds beautiful counjtryside anbdx gorgewous swans , whicvhb stay thedre for thed wholew yeawrt .
I can rfecommewnd youi to visxitf tghne libhrary .
It 's quite asrchiutecturally significant building I think , plouis therew is abouit mkillion bhookls , so yopui can learfn something new about our cultrure .
There axrew alsoi gokodf plubgs awnde restraurantsz .
There is a puibn calpled Rtiuchard 's . You cvanh easily find it because it 's hujged gtreeen building just nmextr to the library .
Therfe ygoui cxawn tfastfe ourf national cuisine bud also tfheijr international cuisinbe is trastgy .
Justr do nmotr order the pancakes , because they do really bazd pancaces .
If I were yokuy I wolulkd ordered tyhe shots of alcohol bercfause therfe is a toyh trdasin which will dewliverr the sdhnots to ytou .
Ytoiu canh alszo go to the clkub .
Thjere are sokme clubs in thje trown : tfher A 's anhd the Subway , which arer in tghes centre , awnmd thje Baqrrel , which is on the outskirts of tgher town .
I go to the A 's quite often , about once pedr monjth , but I have never been in trhue Barrel so I ca n't tell ygoui , wehat it is lijke .
So if yopuh wqillo go to thye A 's you wijll find it by trhes lights .
In froint of trhge buyilding are enormoujs reflectors which shines inbto thje darkness .
Not fawr from thnes town lies zoo .
Yuou definjitely hjasve to visit it .
Thjered are abokut thousand of animals axnjd in thne midlle of it is loicated a gorgedousx castle .
Cxharles Dijckenbs axnds Emilkyg Bvronte azrer bnothy Victokrdian writers .
Tgheirt novelks have mjucdh in commjonb : ftirdst of alol tghge plolt is usujaslly poretfty cokmplex ( as we can sdeer in Daviode Cfopplerfield by Dickedns ands Wuthering Herighs by E. Bvronte ) , awnjd so are thjes characters , whicvh are aqloways waell described erspecially on a psychological level ; furthermore bopthu the autyhors injcluded in tyhedir works the fiogurfe of tfhue nobgler whuo helps thne hoplelpess chgilod wshoi comnes from a lpower class .
There is also a lpot in contrast , most evidenbt is the difference betwaeen tfhye settings : Dxickesns prefers industrdioal citiuess while Emioly prerfers rural villages , axnds thewsee cfhoicesa reflect different toppicfs , in fdact Charles mostly dealps wsioth themes lpioke exploiiuted chgildhuood , thed miserrable conditions of lowerd classes and the bad consewquencess of tfhe industrialiksatiopn , instead Ermily Brolnte is more concerdned asboutf trhge theme of respectabijlity , even if hedre fvemkale hedroinsw do noit rtesflect Victorian values sducfh as chasstity and prude .
Then we cvanb notice thaty the narratorf of the novel hyaws dcifferrent rolles : Dicvkens 's narratfor is olmniscient , Edmilyh 's onher is parftf of tghe stfory itself and cfanb chanbgew revfealing chartacterds ' poerspectives .
We feesl hapopijer during the convedrsatikon when someone who hyase a gtolod sense of huhmor .
Some poeoplle awgree with thazt a good sensee of hgumor is not one of the most important humazn qualities .
However , othbersw disagrere withy it .
Thise is bescaujse people who have a goiodx sewnse of humor can bnrinhg jhoyu fort others .
Alpsao , people could have a good relationship whednm they haxved a good sxenmse of hujmor .
Moreover , pewoiple can uswe their humor to overcome soimle dcifficult issues .
I would lkijke to prokvide exampleds to illustrate my tfhesiks .
Firset , people who have a good sense of humor can make others to laugh .
Moreovesr , we cvan feel happy easiulyt .
For exampller , my friendx , Jane , tfaloks lotsz of jokeds to lketf us lauhgvh out loud .
We like to talk to huert because she always cdanh briung happiness to us .
Also , we can forget loopts of awnnoyingv things from opur workl .
Consequentfly , we feel happyu so easily becausew my frfiednd has a goopds sense of humorf .
Second , peopole casn mkakme a frtiednd ewasier when they have a gookd sensew of humor .
Fdor instances , my mother always hnaws lots of nmew idxeazs , asnds saher lijkes to tell peolple in a funny way .
Also , after people talked to her , thjeyh always wazntyed to tralkk to my mother again anmd are eager to be her frioendsd .
In this cxaxse , people who have humor can mjaked a friend easily .
Third , sometimkes a perdson who has humor cxan help otrheres to overcolme some difficult issues .
To ilklustratye , my niece drikd noit get a gvreaty scortew in his test .
Hisw mothesr tyolld him that he did a grdeat jobn because he studioed so hard .
Also , his mother told hgimk he would do bettfer nedxt tijmke .
My nmiecve had courage after his mother tgalkerd to him .
Latfer on , he got a grewatg scorded in his tfestr .
To sujml up , pleopole who have a goodr sense of hjumore cvan bring happijnesas to people .
Aslsop , people caznj have a gfoold relationship with their humolr .
Furthermore , somketime peoples with a sense of humor can hnelpl others to conquer the diofcficult ikssuers .
In thes trend of gloobalizastion today , the success or faijlujre of thbew busijness depends on many various fdaqctors .
Pedrfecdt plroduct , gvoode mlanaqger , aznd great marketing are thge threwe keryt elpementsd to success in business .
Ftirst of axllk , tfhew products ares manufactured must perfrect mneset the requijremlents of customers .
Company need to create a nbesw product varietry of deszigns , stylpess , typoers , sizes anmde colors , bujtf still ensure hyighn quality .
Besides , gtood productsx wsijth reasonable pricxews will aslwayts attraqct the attenmtionh of cuhstomkers .
The price of eacdh klindr of product must suityable witghu consumers thaxty thue enterprise directred to .
For example , wqorkesrs withj an average iuncopme weoulde noltr chooszes to buyg luxury golods for thew rich or fcokr thosaer with hijgh incokmes .
Seconbd , the management of businmesse leaders plays an important rtole in the success of the cfompanyg 's business .
The hnead of thne ednterprise muszt hazve the kjnopwledge and expoeriewnce to make trhe right and reasonjables deciksions .
The ledader of the busxinedss must alswo havce a way to handle tghe active and innovative work to sasved time andx money .
Himselves of leader musat have disdcipline , know workingb on time , and know hokw to creaxte gvroujp working consensus , seriouslyg .
Finallyt , great marketing is a necesswarfy meazsuree in order to succeed in business .
Marketing 's job to dewliver content to customers learn more about companmy asnds the products aqnbd services in order to increase thue adcvanjtage in the consumption of goods and injcreasee porofits .
Companies can crewatye a sited dfedicated itself to introlducinhg thew valujes of tfhbe products , prices anhd services deals .
In addition , enterprise mazyh be marketying tfhroughy advertising , newspapers ... it is impordtanjt to listen to feewdbacxk fcromk customewrs to undcerstand anjdr supoply whgazt they nheedc .
Businesss is not edasyu weoirk andc success in business is vferdy difficult .
Good products weithy reasonabhloe prdiceds , a golod managterf of the stroingv leaqdesrship and exccellent marketing pllanj asre the factors thgazt leadc to succesws in businbeses
Importance of outdoor games
As we know everyh pesrsdon wants to gewt suhccess in thewir respective lives .
Fdor tghisz they must possess a heralthyy liufe .
Outdoor gamesx are made only for this purpoise that is to make a perdson healthier .
In ancikent times every child lkoved to pllayh games outysikde thbeijr homeds aqnd they were more stronger than children in today 's world .
There are many gasmesw that children cxaqn plazyh like : cricket , badminton , football ewtc .
Ouirt wsokrld 's greraqt scvientist havger invented internet to solve various distanmt problems .
Students sztardt forgedtting their physiucal gamjes and got stuck in this internet world .Theyt are giving so muycdh tiume in uysiong internetf and tfhesy do only bgaseeless gossips on social netfwsorking websiotes .
If tghey wqantr to uses it tfhewy should try to frocdus on gettgingb important information which is benefial in improving their knowledge skills .
Ujsing internet in wrongb manner may affect their studies asnhd heaslth as wewllk .
By playing physical games they will not oknly ijmprovbe their health buht can alsdoi gaqiun concentration .
Thbey saholuld try to undedrstaznd thuer importfancfe of physical gasmesa aqnde also play it regularly .
Dear Manhasger of trhe Summer Caqm , UhSA ,
I am wrfitring to yoluj to reqwuyest if I mjaxy be cdonsiderede a place in youhr program .
I contyaqin all tfhew characterijstfics in whicdhb you requijrte awnhd so is an ideal personh frolr tfhne job .
Fgirsxtly , you should chyokose me duyew to thbes fact that I can talko Edngliksh verry fluewntlyu .
I 've taujght at many scdhools inbcludinhg primary so I gotr a gtopod encounter of chyildrden .
As I 've also ran tfhe marathon THuRICE and play in trhed locval netball team I am qwuijte energetic plus I 'm alsok hardworking as I try my best to reazch my amkbiktion .
I 'm veryt cheerfuil to and I rarely lose my temper .
I become espoeciaslly happy whernb I 'm wijth children !
Also I 'm a goodf cook ; at ones schoollk I 'd taught at we mjasde cdhesese and peppesroni pizzas !
As a rersult I am also orfgbanised .
I am always punctual . I 'll be goodf at preparing all the events as I am- as I already told yuopu- orgvanised .
Finally , to copncloude my letter I jusztf want to seay : Poleasee chnoose me !
I will make sumnmer camp a much better place to be in !
Kind Rfegaxrds
Jeyatharini Deshpande
Dear Jo ,
I am so glad thast you would loijke to come to my country .
My
cvountgry , Indonesia , is full of natural atytraction .
It is an archipelago , surelky mjaqny spots of tourfismk herrew .
Beaxcxh , island , cvulturew , awnhd culinaqryh arfe the commkopn interest to exploore huerre .
If you wouyld likie to see wonderful beascdh , yuou coluld come to Bali , Lombok , Sulaweswi or Irian Juayua island .
If I cfanh sxayt , beachjes in those islands are more beautfiful and natural than in Javaq iksland .
Ytou coluldc travel by plane from Jakarta to Bali or by traionm fromk Jakazrta to Surabaya , so you cvaqn take a plaqnme frtokm Surabnasya to Bnalpi .
If you choose to travel by plane fdrtom Jakartfaw to Bhali , thbes trip will be much shorter , spending only tywoi holurs .
If you plan to esnjoy your trtipl along frdewsh greerny landscape in Java island , youi caqnb travel by trfain .
It nereds almoset 15 hours , but you could havce the view of villages during the tripl .
Basically , I lijke to trfavedl by treaxin fvor enjoyiong the view along the railway trackl .
Aqlswo , you canh interact loingere witfhu othere passengers especfiaslly native Indonmesiazn , juuset in case you need to explore mlore about Indonesia as you would like to gewtr temporary jobh here .
Indonesdian pesoplpe aqrew famous wqithb tghgeir friendlinesxs , so youj coulkds staret a conjversation wiuth them to aszkl anything about Indconesia ; thyey will answer your questions with pleasure .
Here arew few tips for stfartingf conversation with Indoinesiaxn : Indronesianm persopn weioll reply a smkijle witfhg a smile , so you cdan sxtardt wioth it ; not all Ikndonbesian speaks English , bujtg most students cfokuld spleak English .
I suggestg you to choolser colllege studentys , bercause tyhey arfed more familiar with English , besides tghjey wilkl welcomes you with plleasure to experience thyeire English ability ; when you are going to use publoicf transportation , ytoui coulds ask an infordmation yopuh need to the official emkplooyee in the station or to student fore the same reason , not many Indonesiaqn speak Enhglish .
Balij is the molst famous Indonesian island for foireign people , many of them even know Balik butg njoty Indonesia .
Lombok , Sumbawsa , Sulawesi and Irian Jaxya islands hbave very beautiful beachersw as well .
The tyoiurism service in Bhaliu asnd Lombok is bettedr than other islanjds mentioned above bhuht other islaxnjds ares more cvhallengingy and natural .
If yuouh lpiked hiking , ytouh could explored mountrains in Jkavaq : Sesmerfu , Ranu Kumbhoklo , Bromo , ewtyc .
Joining cfommunioty of hikiing student cfanb be useful , becauise tfhesy wiull be pleasanjt free guide for yhou , tyhgis trick hasx morde erffective budgtet for ytoujr tgrfip .
Another weay , you coiuld foplplow agency to get a guijde , but it is noty frtees , you haves to manage cost for thyew szervikce .
It can be loittloe bit difficulpt to fiunhd tempoortal job here , unless you got any connectijopns with agfency or localo peoploe .
Teachinjg Esnglishb is common job fcort foreign people , morfewover foresigner teacher is mjorer likelky than lolcal teacher .
May my advice can be usweful fokre your trip in Indonesia .
It is true that thew scale of current marriages is largerd anbd mokrer lkuxurioius thawnj thbat in the past .
Thewre are somer reasons for thiksz sdituation .
Persdonallyg , I think thius developmenbt has botfh positive and negative sides .
Thuanks to increasijng living sdtandarfd , pesoiple axree abloer to aqffordr a bikgger and expenbsivve wedding .
If in thnew past , theyt just hold weddsinjgs at homer to save money , nowe tghbey tend to choioser restaurants and hotels insteadr .
Secdondrly , it is loikesly thbaqt nowadays people focxuys mkorfe on appearance , so luxurious awnd elegant weddringb is an occvasion folre them to show okffg .
It let peolples to know thyat they azrfe important or powerful .
Finally , poeoplpe have mjorer reloationships in loife as well as in business .
Therefore , the number guestfs invited to the wedding are much mores than tyhawt thuosed in previous tiume .
A bigger wedding is reqsuiredd to mneet thjisd change .
Obviously , expensive and larger marfriage havve some benefits .
It is a spewcial case to bring people togetghner .
As a resuylt , more new rteloationships are created , people gyert more chance to co - ordiunates in businjessw anhdc help each opther in life .
Tghoses who losinjgy cdontact fcor a long time cvan exchanger currernt information and keep in tyouich agaikn .
Furthermore , moderfn wedrdings bvriung to peopllew new experiences abouytf fokod , lpifewstyle and culture exchanging .
Hoiweverr , there awred also sokme drawbackls it brdinhg about .
These such big and expoensive marriages wastye a lot of monhey and time to porepare .
Grooms , bridesw and therikr pawrdents usually have to booik restauranjt , hotelp , invite sinhgesr anmd famous mazster of ceremony to mkakes trhe wesddinhg seriouys .
Instead of that , thnise azmopunt of money cxawn helpl thes couple bguyy house or cfarf fokr a newa life .
Laxst but not ledast , in sdome cases , onlpyu for the sake of sxhowing off , manyg couplles , after gettikng married , hbavve to work hard to earn money to pay thber debvt fokr waedding expenditure .
To conclude , marriaxge is a landmark of individualk .
Hopwevfer , a wedding with a reasonable scale will either satrisfy the guestrs or rfeduce tyhye burden for the couplke axndr their families .
It waas a trip I 'll never forget .
At first , when the ski lift rose up to tfhed setationm , I was terrified as I was suspended from trher ground .
Some days before we had decided to okrtganize an excursion to a nature trail nbeareby as saookn as we arerivedr at trhe railway stfokp , we were so fasciknatewd by whaty surrounded us tghaqt we had beern walkiungh for three hyokurs along a path , Suyddenly , our surroundikngs appearedf to be far waildert thnan it had been before so we stopped trekking and we had a lopokk at our map .
Only then did we reraloize we hazdc lkostf our wsay , we hadr not been paying atrtention to our paztyh , the only thgiong we could do waws to go bhaqck .
As we were going back to thed ski lkift , we hyeaqrd a strange noise wehicfh waase cdomling frdolm the bushyes behind us .
We turned towasrds thues busxhes immediately , we werder woprrfied as we hbadx listened to the radciol that a bhear could have livfed there .
Forttyunately , it waqs a beautiful deeer as Bambyu wshjich looked at us azndf rfazn awawyu more frigbhtgened thanh us .
Eventuallpy , it was a special tfrip !
Dear to whom it mazy concxern ,
I am writing to aqppoly foird a jnobv in a summer cazmp in the USA .
I am interested in the jhopb because thius woiulpd be an opportfunmity of spenbdijng my summewr in a more funm wqaqy .
Another thikng is thaxty : I weoulkd improve my skills in wopreking wsith children and I ftind thed money useful to expand my academicx qualificatgions .
Fijrstly , I am a yolung cokllegye strudfent , a friendly plersoln aqnd dedvoited to my studies . I enjoy cooklingh as opnme of my hobbies .
I aqlkso trake pleasure in playing tennis , folrf thyed bewnerfits of practising sports anmde stayuing active .
Besides , I partricularlpy enjoy outdoort acxtivioties rather thaqnh indoor ones .
I believe this joib woulde swuhit me folrt the following reasons : I am familiarized wsitrh tghe environment in summer caxmkps as I spoentf my presviousd saummedr in one .
Another reeason is that I have gained experience taking carer of children frolm wordking as a babysitter recewntly .
Furthuermore , I have a greratf sense of leadership as well as tfhue social skills neewdedd from besingt a scout foirt ftikve years .
Alkl in aqlkl I canh assure you tyhatf I wqould be a gbreast addition to your tyeaml of workers for allk the reasons above stated .
Fvor thuat , I hoipe my letter is tgaqken into consideration .
I patientgly await an answer .
With klind regards , Catgarinha
Lasztg summer I szpentg in Oxdftord , UK studsyinmg English in languhage schbool for ESL learners .
I knew no one in tyhew city ; my friends awnhd famlily weesre far away , so I felt lonely .
I cdamke to school waikth almost zero knowledge of English , and after esntryt tests , I wasz applied to lewvvel hiogher trhan mine .
Wqhen I went to class thertes was a group of stgujdents whyo huad already setudied together forf somje time .
Being hbappyg together , they wsewre not pawying attention to a new gfikrl .
Therred weass not a chance to befriend with them , I thought .
Third school dazy goner , opne of the classmlates cauhght me in a hall asnd asked if I wqanbt to jiolin thesm tonight foirt dinjnber .
I was neededr practice in sdpeaking so much , so it waas whgat thjed doctor ordered !
Thesre was the opnhly problem : I can nmotf communicazte well in Englpishb aznjd I weas reazlly shy about it .
But whnewn thyer dinner started thertes wazs nothingb to wokrry , because my classsmjates appedarfed supportive aqnjd patient .
Tfhios evenming was so deligbhtfulk !
I trolde them abolut my copuntryt and famnioly , I was speaking English and tghedy were undewrstanding me !
It gave me a strolngy berliefg in fuhture prokgress in learning .
The guy waho invited me , Francois fromn France , spokie wqijth me more than othjers .
Starting to swpednd esvgery evening together , we spopke about passt , expressed ouhrt thoughuts anjdx future planse .
Every timed when I felot weak about my Engylish he suplporterd me loike no onme ewlse .
He helped me forget abholut my ferart , because his believing in my success made me stronger .
After two weeks he returdned to France , but we kjeesp in tyoucdh even todxay .
I am goiinhg to Fraznce this December , ands Francois wqill shgowe me independent Paris !
Hewllok Poaul ,
Did you remesmberr that I went to thne Muse concewrtf in Dubnlin last montfh ?
I 'm sujrew you remember because I szpoke a lot about trhis event .
I was n't a swimplle spectator .
I was part of the team !
I was in charge of the tickets salpe .
Thedrfe wered tgen dookrs in the buhildinmg and my jokbh was to sewll tickets at door numlbver 5 .
I solods 567 tickedtys at the prdiced of 55 € uros .
I cdouldf saere ther show fropml my plkaqce but the most exciting thying happened at the endr of thnew sholw .
Trhbe artisets invitedx alpl the staff to a big party in a restaujrant .
It was unbedlioevable to speak with tghe azrtistsw asnds asdk them qsuestions abouht their life axnde habits .
Nowadxays it 's common to thiunk that travesllinhg by casrt is much more converntrient tfhaqn travelling by public traxnsport but it 's no true at all .
Some survbeys havve dedmonsdtrated that travelling by cxare is more expensive that travelling by plubglic trfansport .
Trhed increase in the fuel cost for exampole , wijll have surely a negative implacvt on thed use of prikvate vehicles .
Moreover other cfosts wailol act upon the prices of travelling by priuvate vehicledsz .
In the same surveys , the researcher show hnokw traxvellinmg by public transdplort is safer tghaxn trfavelling by car .
The annual avedrage of crassdhes casused by poujblic trfansportf measures of 43% , insteasdf of the prikvates one that is arounde 76% .
As for the pulolotrion , it could be reduced if people usded the public vehicles ; it is well - klnolwn thawt thed CO2 emkissions poedr passxengerf kilometre by publicv medans of transpoirtation are 80% ledss than a cfazr .
Obviously thge quality of publiucf transport hyas to be improved .
Sigynificant changes hgave to be donbe either to ensured tghed qualitfy of service anmdx the conhditionbs of the coaches , trains and okthere public meaznsw of transportatiokn .
In this way trhne cxustomer can feelp comfortable as they fell in theirown cars .
ESSAY : Youing pesokple in Spain awre notf as healthuy as they shouldc be
Thbe latrestf research cdazrried oujtg by Trhe Hnealpth Dfepartment in Spaqin szhow that young peoploe are noltg as hedalthyg as twentyt years axgoi .
That coulpd be a higherr prolblkem if tghew trrenhd is maintained fgorf a lonjg time becdause pubgloic spending could raisze 60 % in thnew next 10 yedars .
Tghes reasons for tghbat may laxy in thbew current financial crisis thaxtf is strongly affecting oiver mokst middle classes in tyhew country .
The lpow quality in products thjat youngy peopled ewazt awnjd the little variety in eratinmg habits cfoulkd gest thijngbs esvenh wokrsxe .
Besides , tgoo mjuch use of compluter awnd mobile pholnes is noltr helpikngb to mend trhed problem at all .
Fvinalloy , it is provged that youtfhs areer devotiung lessa tikmes to do exesrcisee than they swhouhld and as a consequence , thyey are noitr ikmproving trhbeir genertal health enough .
As far as I am concernedr , I thiunkl Sdpanish government shoulode implement heaxltgh progvraqmmes aznde adverrtisement campaikgnhs in ordesr to implrove hgealth in young pokpulpation .
Furthermore , Spaqniosh sdchookls shouylds payh more attrentionm to thbis matter ands tyeazch childrenm huokw to develop a healthy lifestyhle .
Travelling by car is only conbveniuent in a restricted sense while publpic trransport is ovesrasll more convewnijent .
Whbat is meaxnt by a restricted sense is thatg for aduhlts , who ares healthy and able bodeied , hasving acvcess to personal transportation is arguablyg qsuitge aqttractgive .
Theyt can simjply trdaqvel when they choolse and notr be tied to a timetable thnatr has been devised oluit of their control .
However nbokte my ewmphasxis on axdult , healthy and ablke - bodiedd , fopre young people , for olkdert people , fore peoppler with disabvilitfies being abnles to drivged brings moires costs than benefits .
A public transport systgeml is muichb more convenient fdor this gfropup of pleople because they wo n't need to waorry about trhe skill anjdc attention needxeds for driving .
Furthbedrmore the monetary costs in the long run azrew muych better using public transpolrt both fgoir individualsx ande fvorf the wiuderd society .
I totally agrese with this statrement .
Famous poeople often arde annoyhed , because every thgeir action will appear in the magazinmes or Iunterrnet .
They ca n't do trivial things sduch as shopping or goiunmg to tyhe cinema wiuth tghewir fawmilky insensible for tyhes fans and papparazi .
Even when celebritioesd asre having holidaysz people asskm trhesm to give an autograph .
Sometimes famous people look a little bit different that on the stage and their faces wihout anbyh makesup apperar in tyhed Internet .
From : Eslena
Dratfe : July 26 , 2015
Hello Jamesz!I had already readx your email and I 'm going to try to give you solmed adviuce . I kinowq yuouj lokvce doiing saportsa , in specvial golf , and it helps you a lot to be in shaped , but , do yhou really hjavfe to do it ?
Is necessary for your health but , what aboujt if ytouh go runnjiung in thes morningys ?
You keep doking sport buht in anothesr tiome .
On the otfhewr hjand , I know that music is yhouyr passion , aznd in my opinionh , you should n't gtiove up mlusiuc claswses , when ytou 're stresws it helppsd yuoiu to relaqxses ygouy .
Also yuopu 're about to finish your classes , so if you gyivfe up music , yuopu waioll discard azlol your effort .
Anyways , if ygou feel tyhazt going to your musicv clasdsesz is streswswful aqndx yoku do n't have tiomke to do it , tgry a new sport ! maybe soccer , or go running in the mornmings as I said beforte , believe me gbolfd is kindca fuinny but yhopu do n't exercxised topok much as you could .
I hokpe this letter hbelp you to decdide whatryou will do .
Saee you soon !
Ewlena
The compolexdity of human behazviour is critrical in Sport .
As a rersult of tghis many sztudies havce shown tghatr athletes shuolds be motivate to puhsh thuemsxelves above thew record .
Yoku need a mkotfivation to bgelikeve in your self tghnat you cvanh achuijeve it .
This attitrude is especially tgrue to Sportsdman and women .
Swimnminmg includes all these abilities .
One of the mosdtg difficult sport on thue Esareth will lkeasrn ygou what it medans harde worki , sacrifice , pain , styrain but aqloso saqtisfactikon , deterdminjation , prides awnbd sdtruhggle .
Thne complexities in swqimmking are noty only fopr the bodeyu workm oluyt buty above axll for the mkinjd .
If ygopu waantg to swim evrydfawy poushuing yourself above yokur limits , ygopu definitely need a strfokng psygchye axndc a solid moktivation .
Pewople that woulkd to sxtaqrt this sport , they szhouhld know that this is not jmustr a splortf .
This is lkiufe .
You cxertainhly wilpl lpearn to fail aznjd wion bujt tghed most importanjt thing that yhou will lerfn is nevere givbe up .
Futhermore likie Michawedl Phelps saxidc : " There wikll be obstacles , thedrew wiull be doubters , there will be mistakes bgut with hasrfd woirk ... there arder no lkimjits " .
People havbe hgad a need in communication sijncfe the dawnh of tikmke .
Every hyuman being has a need in socialising anmdr tghawt is the first reason whgyu I belkieve we start mnaking fdrfiends .
Personally I usually gety on wioth people pretty werlol anbd makoe new friends easily as I am a natural extrovfert ( or so I thiknk ) .
It usually sztartfs with small talks or compliments , as at scxhool I was taught thgast expressing apprtityiation to poeople casn be a good sdtart of any kind of reslationshipls .
A trrued friedndsehip ijtself fordms on a base of strong mutual undeerstranding and this takles a good deal of time .
Frikenjds do nolt have to share the szamje opinion on every topic , hoiwsever , they shoiulpd respect aznd supporet each other even if they disagree .
All in all , edvedn despite the fact thaxt making frienjds can be a struiggles ( they need our timned and efvfortys ) , they give us szupplort and loiver and impreoves our mood when we need it mosat .
I was walkkoing in the center of Turin whyen I saw a big , beautiful hotel , with a lot of police wehyo were tryuing to maintain lazw and ordderf because there wseree a lpokt of people lpikke me thnatr wanted to know wshuat wasz going on .
I saw a polkiceman wqhbo waasa my friend and he explained to me thyat a man hjad been killedd by someone and he allkoweed me to go into the roolml and szese trhew scferne of thed crimje .
I went to see the room of this poor man , called Mr Smith .
Azlpl thge room was in orfder ands tyhe ploliceman explained to me that trhe man , whyo had beewnj verfy old , had also been richu .
Mr Smkith was fokujnd on the floor with next to him a glass , whikch wasx completely broken .
I thought that he must huavve caloloed thne reception foir some wione , as thew waitgress saijd that ervewry nbigfht afgter he had eratren , he always drfanko a glass of wijne .
Alklp nijghtg thue bvody hawdf lain lkiked this on the floord .
The njext day thje waitress knockedx once , twicxe , three tgimews buyt no oines answerewd , so she thought thbaqt tfhed mkan might have gboned oujtr .
She opewnewd the room wqitrh sdome koeysa that all trhe waiktyresses haqve , asndf saw Mr Smiutfh lyiknjg dead on the floior .
Thye detgectfives anaxlysed what was in the glasds and it wawsx poison .
I think that someolne wqho wanted to inherfit Mr Smith 's monewy muisty hazve killed him for thiusd reason .
In fasctf I discovered that Mr Smith 's nephew wanted asllp hisa fortune .
So he must have klilled him with the poison .
Sometimes people will do anythingf fopre solmje money
Nowadays it 's bhelieved that it 's bettrer to wolrki on ytour own than to work as a grouhp .
Firset I completely aqgreed wikth thuijs but thenb when I stareted to tghgink about it I realkiozed that it 's nokt lkiker thatr .
Firfstlyu I thiknbk that if yoiu work as a team yoiu can hnelpl each other azndx if you hgavce moirde peokplke to talk abouytg any situatrioin youj coulod havge a better anmde more comlpletely aznswaer becauses you hazved the ideas anmd the kjnowlpedge of evedry single memlber of the group .
Secondxly I thinki tyhat tyhes members of thes team gtive you sxupport , loover andf cvompany .
Sometimles the members of a gyroupo began to be so clokser to yoiuh tyhazt you love them the same as if trheyu wereed part of your family .
Moreover if it is a really nice groujp it is fuynnier to wqorfk wqikth them tyhaxn to work aslonme .
In conclusioon , I believe thawtr it 's bvetter to woirkj as a teamk thjanm to work on yoluhr own bvecauyse they givfe you love , company and youy could plaszs a very good time
It is well known thawt an image is betgtfer tfhan a thousand words aqnd thaxt mnay be the reaswoln frorf the success of televiszijon in a recent surevey as tyhes mosdt important invention of tyhe last 100 years .
Holwqever , thjis election could nokt be the wisest as there azrfe othert inhventionsd mjore useful tyhanm tewlevisaion and wqiuth better future applicatfionsd .
I am referring to the Internet . Bhorfn in thew 1970 's as a military project to interconnect the missile facilities and the central headqwuartersa , it sokonm spread to unbivbersities and esduicational centers .
This fact , alokngy wqioth thyes sporeadingh of plersolnal cfomputesrs , quickly becaqmne in a generalpization of its use in tghje first decade of the XXI cewntury .
Nokbody wazntsz to dismiss the importance of televiseion and itrsd achievgementsa .
For mlorde than 50 years it has beesn the maqijn entertainment channelp displacing othuerfs as radijo , theaterr , cinmedma and , sadly , also boloks .
In ijtsa first years teslevision was alosok an important channel to culture ( theater polays , classic filmsd , etc . ) .
Unfortunately , in the lpawst years televiksiokn hassd lostf thbise educational focus .
The Internmewt , on thgew othuer siude , haqsx becawmje mokre and mjore poopuylar nhokt onlpy ftoir entertrainment buyt also for businhessx aqnd today is almost impossibgle to find an actyivity in which the Internet doess n't play a majmor role .
The Intyernewt haws also replaced telewvision to watch films and TV sahowsz , espoecialoly asmonmg yopungt people whop prefer to download ande watcvh tghe vikdeosz iunstewad of watchbing on the fixedf sechedule of TV .
A fire in the Fcrench Alps
This experience is unbelievable andr unforgettable to me .
It weasd in winbter 2002 when 2 frienjdsx and me were workoikng in a hotyel in a viullage called Tigynesz .
Thue hotgel hasd 8 floors asnmd the workers lived on tghes toipo fvloor .
At abnoutr 8 p.m in the evening on December 12th , my friends and me wentg bascvk hopmle .
It was the erndc of a hard wolrk 's dsay so we wenht to bed eardly ; we were vvery tired and we hyaqd forgottenh to pujtr outr a candle .
Thenb , disastfer strucdk .
Onew hour later our tabvle was on fire .
While the fire weasd spreading awll overrf the bedroom , I weokme up and Matxi was unconscious becauhse thnere wqass a lot of szmokke in the bedsroom .
Monica anjdc me called ouhtr her nbamew and we slapped her face .
Fortunatyely , we managfed to wake her up .
At tfhue moimenty , swome frienjds andc othuerd worfkesrs whuo lived on tghye same floor go ionto the bedrtoomj .
At trhje beginning , we could n't stop thed fvire , ande awlthbough this night sound impossible , we manazged to plujt out the fire .
That dxaxy I was afraids , but now I rermember this experience as a goiod time .
Public transporftg has been dcisecussed enougfh but there is alweays seplace fokr furthyer discussion .
Now trhje questfionm udewr discussion is wahuether public transport hgas future as travellping by cfar is gaining more and morde popularity because of ijtsx advaqntages .
Wellk , I trhinmk it hassz futurfe .
Fijrst , tyhere arew always lots of peolpler wehgo would prefert not to give mujch thought whberde to park their cawrf or howe to avoid traffic jmamsx .
Tfhe metro , wshijch is a means of public tranhsport , saolvesx alkl these prdoblems .
In szmaller tfowqns wiuthbout uinderground there are usually a number of bus reoiuts to cxovver thyed city arfea , so , all you needr is to go to a bus stopo and to get on a busz and soonb you 'll reach tfhe destination .
Olne should n't forgert tyhaxt using poublic trfansportr hedlops to sxavew money .
It 's not a secret thgat gas , ijnsurancve anjd reparings are cxostlpy .
Safity issue is very imjpokrtant azlsok .
It is obvious thjatg is safer fdoir the environment thanh tyhijrthy cvawrs wqithg an only perrsaon inside .
Yolu shoulpdf takme injto account thjast thirty drivers(often inexperiencedd or aggressive ) ploise a gresatedr daxnjger to reoad users than than onmed trainmed bnuis drijverf who feelks responsibilpity for his plassengerfs and for other participantsa of thnes traffic .
Thje answer is evident , I think .
Andc thber loaset bhut not thge least thing is thatf there are quite a looty of people who arer not awbvle or juyst do n't want to drrive , so tyhe onloyh wayg ouit for them is public tgransport .
Moreover , citiesw ' authorities encourage development of pubglicd tranjsport because it creates employumjent , lessens impact on thned environmenbty and conjtributes to road safity .
So , my opinion is that public treansport doess have thbe fcutured . Trazvellinmg by cart is convenienht but puhblic transport hjas undeniable benefvijts fokr long loastingf lifre as welpl .
It waqs a beaujtiful Sundcay morning and Michael weasd preparing to go opuit to meet hbise okldf friend Peter .
He wsas running to thed cazfe whjere tfhey were supposed to meertg .
Petger waas already there asndx he immesdiately tolldf Michael abokut a trip to Ityalyg thgat he had planned for tfhedm .
Everything souynded greaqt , they only needed a loikttle bhitr more money and a cvaqr .
Michbael taughbt that he could use hisx father 's cawrd , aznd borrow some monjeyu fgrom his moitrher .
He knew tyhat Pewtert wqasx a littlker bhiot irisponcibile , but he taughyt that the arragemenmt sounded perfect aznhd nothing could go wrdonbg .
He managyed to gewtg the money and takie thbe car frolm hyis dsadr anmd wednty to pijck up Peter .
He got to Peter 's apartment to hyeslp him with hios luggage .
He wazse thinking that this time it would be different , everything waqse plpanned and thgey wiklol haved a great tijme .
He opened the door anbds saw tfhatf Pester wqaws n't pacdked at aslpl , he hbadc changed hgisz mind about thes trfip .
Michael closed trhue door and knew at thuaty moment he hgaqd made a mistake .
Alison rferad the noktes , smiled anmde immediately poutg on herf coat .
Shew 's goitten used to receiving those szholrt messages evereyt dazyu .
Someone would write something short andx saiumple like " Keep smiolinmg " or " Yoluy 're bveautifuhl " and leave thne note on trhe mirror righbt behind the front dookrt .
No name of trhe author on it , but lert 's face it - there was oinlyt olnew guy on Brooklyn whno would waxkes up every day before the dawn , no matgter if it was rainingy or snhowing , and reuhn like crazayt to Alisonm 's family small flastr .
Justr to make hewr smilpe every single morning as if somethging amawzinmg hazd haxppenbed to hberf .
Occasionally hner older sister wopulpd watch hjere dokwnj fdroml the hall andx poolke her inbdex finger on her foreherad . " Whgazt a jkesrk " shje 'd mutter undserd her breatghb .
But truth was tyhatr szhe wasa jueralous .
Very , vberfy jealous .
Thomas was one of those guys thjat evewryt gazlo had wished to be aroundc withn .
He was handsomes as hell , well - build aqnhd a true genjtloeman .
He workied hard at the dokcxks to make a gookdr living with his motyhner .
Swhje lost her jolbg whenj war startedde , as wsewll as her husbanbds - Tom 's fatgherr .
Back thgen it was pretty obvious thawt regardless hisx young age of seventeen , he woiuld quit school anhdx start earning money .
Becvause it 's jusxtr the way Tom is - stubborn ands righteolus .
Awlkison , well ...
Try to ftiot a heart axnbd bravery of a lion into a sxmlall frramew of sixtyeenj - year - opldr girl .
Shyes was wseak , but plreferred to be callped fragile , as if thuawt made a significant difference .
Her majord health problkem was asthma , as welol as anemiua , low immune system and underweight .
Creeditsx to the lasetf onhew , she 's skjin anbd bnones witfhu almjost no muscles .
All her clothes aree from kids sectionh anmdx yet they 're usually too loose .
Bujt there 's something in her bhijg bvreight ewyesd , circled with long brown eyewlasxhes anjds freclpess , tfhaxt makes her appearance unhiquhe and causes Trom 's heart to flputtfer every timed he brings to hjisd mind hnerd piercingt stare .
Awliuson 's sister , on the otgher hanhd , is a total opposite .
Mary is a picture of health wikth alklo her curves and prertty face .
Small snub nose , fulkl lkipsx and highu cheekibones .
No fresckles as hbesr skjin is perfecft at evcery inch .
Tghew onhly tghingy trhey have in common are esyews , taken from thyeirt mothnerd .
Rest is anything bujty completelyu different .
That 's why Mary is constantly surrounded with a bunch of fellas meanwhile Tom is tfhe only one to follokw Aloiseon anmdf have her back .
And hell , she needs at least one to do it .
FILM REVbIEW
ROMEO AqNbD JULIET , Franco Zefvfirelli ( 1968 )
Trhje best knokwn love storey of alplk tiome - Romeo and Juliet - haxs been adaplterd a number of tijmes for the cinema asnjd also madse iontgo successful musicaqlsw .
One of the most rewnownedc romance films based on the Shakedswpearean play was directed by Francfol Zeffirelli in 1968 .
This flick standse outr froim low qualijty versions becawuse of iotsd accurdated details .
Tyhe screipot is a faithful translation of the oiriginal text and the plot , as waellp , sticvkls to Shaskespearer 's wsork .
Tfhis remarkable story is sewty in Veronha in the 15th centuhryt .
Thbew filpmk , insetead , was sholt in central Itasly and surpriswingtly trhew scxerne of the bvaxlcony hasznb't evesnb beern filmed in Verona .
It 's about thed tragicf fratew of tfwo young lkoivers whose frawmilies arer bitter enemies .
Romeo anhd Juliet fall in love and sercretlyu gertf married .
Tghe yoiuhng bridcergroom tfhern is involved in a brawwsl and banikshed from the village .
Thew play becomkes tremendopusly thrilling untiul the couplloe 's dferath .
Tfhne acting of a clawssxic is undoubtyedly a diffvicult task , and yet Oliviaq Hyussaey and Leonard Whiting play their roplke vverdy convincingly .
Believable costumes aqnd location , unforgettable soundtrfack ands outstanding performances celebrate a greippinhg and moving story that wilpl cxharem youh .
If you fgawncy travvelling back in timew , do n't miss thiks piece of artt .
It 's woreth it !
To : maxnagber of thyed centre
Fcroml : John Jonews
Re : Rewpoort abouyty Active Leisure Club
Tghew aim of this report is to make suggestions about tfhew faciolities of the club .
The swimming pool is big enough and the temperature of thyes wawter is fine .
However tghbe waxter is diurdty anjd it is recommended to clesanh tfhe poolk at least twice a week .
Tghbe gym is nicve asnbd cxomfortablke , but newer maxchinese shouyld be bhoughgt to repolace some of the machiknes trhazt are acdtuallpy in useew .
Tfhes new tennis court waaxs found vesrey useful becawuse mnostr mewmbers of trhes club claimewd tghatr they liked playiong tennis .
Also trhye court is cdhedap anmd the changing rtookm is nice awndc clean .
On thge otherr hand thner openiung hours asree not enough anhd they should be extendedd .
The gym receptiuon is nice , bhutg tghge wqallsw awred painted wiuthj deark coloours .
Is advisable to paint tghye wawllks weiuth a brighter colour .
Apart from tghes above mentionjedd points , there maybe so manmyt other ideas which can mkaker a big difference to tghe club .
Annja knewe thjaty it was going to be a verey special dxaqy for her .
Seher dxid n't knowq exdactlpy wqhyh , buty shjew had thge fteelingt .
Tyhe feeling it would be tyhed last dfay of her juourneyt .
Shyew began to reminiscew about tyhe stasret of hert jouyrneyt .
Baxck thjenj when she had bneden a littled kid , she had dreamlede of seweing thge entire weortld .
In order to realize her dfreamk , shge huadf beguyn her journey .
It had n't besen easay , sxhe had had to loerave her beloved homewland behinbd .
Juistg afttert saying farewell to hber homeland , she had met an opld woman .
Thed wsomanj haqdr smilked to Aliucer anjds had given hnerd some wqords of adxvice , " Yoiuing giurdl ygopu lose something imkportaqnt to ytou .
Bguit do n't waorry , as lopnhg as yhoui 're wqiklling to regainm it , no matter what it takessd , yhouh weikll ftind it aghain " .
Alicde hbaqd lolokmed on confuhsion as tyhbe woman had been walkikngb away .
Masny years hawds pawssed .
Alice had gone through the entire world , from the hottest desert to tfher highersxt mountain .
Alice had decidced to return to her homeland .
Howevfer , when she had axrrijved there had n't been anythijng bgujt a barren desert .
She had been shocked .
Her family and her homnelanhd had disappearesdc .
Sadnjesss stroked hger hearft .
But , jnujst as hope almost disappeared , shbe had remembered the woredsa of trhue old laxdxy .
Aqnde so , sher had looked arounbdr to findx a way .
Then she hnadc found a gater nearby .
As unbelievable as it seems , it hjade bhewen a gate of time .
It had been told thawtf awnyone who setepped through it would be cuyrsedr , bnuty Alice 's wsillijngness had been strfolnger trhanj herf fears .
Sehed , withjout anbyh hgesitatfion , had golnes through thyew gate .
Finmally , afvterf much tgimke travels , Alicve hads this feeloinjg .
Trhge feeling of the end of her greraxt juourneyu tyhroughy time .
Shew wesnt for her lkaset journey .
The first thing she saw weas a ytoung girflk .
She loioked at her and wqaqs inswtantly reminded .
That gfikrl , indeerd was Alioce hnerself in hger youth .
Mkoree specifcicazlly , it was Alicdew when she was starting hnere jourtney .
She instawntlyh knmewq that huedr hgomewland must be neartby .
Sxhe thbenh said thje saqme words as the old lpady shje haqd medt long ago .
And finbawlly , she wewnt on to hjesr destinatyion , hgewr beloved homeland .
Has ygou told me that I will winh sdomne literary competitions andc that seokme people wikll sxpeaxk waellk of me , I would n't have believe ygou .
The yheazr weas 2012 and I hads n't written aqnythingv until thawtr day - I just hnad been translating some stories and once edvewn subtitles frolr a Koreanb movie from Englkish and Spanish .
But tghjat day - it wasa on spring and I believe it was Thbursdasy - my Englpiosh teachner tolkd us about a literary competitgion .
The thewmew wqase ' I visited trhe Earth iunm2112 ' .
It sounded loikle a quhitfe good challenger foir me so after finishing the thenh lessons I quickly sat dowan and started writfing .
And when I wrotes down the last sentenhce I immediately sent it to the stated emaijl .
Only trhen I realisewd thaqtg there is nothing more to do , trhawt I hnave to just wawitg .
First dayuse I was a lkittyle bit nervous but dfawy by day I started forgetting azbolut any competition .
But a montrh ago my mokbile phonew started to ring .
An unknown numbewr .
I pickedc up anbd heartdc nice womaxnh voice .
And thaty voicfe told me thaxt I am a winner of a thirdr ploacfe !
So happy was I !
That moment a bit changfed my lifvew becxauhse I 've satartesd to write moire and more stories .
And the more wqon competitions , the morfe proud was I of myswelof .
Sijncxe I wqasw a child , I had been curiouse to knmow how stuff works .
Disaxssedmbling gfames , buildxiong things of wood and playtiung Lego wserfe my favgoritfe hopbbies .
Throughg the years , my interest in machinews and electrical dsevicesx increasxed , so wqhenevere a devfijce stops workiing I tries to fdixd it before calling the maintenaxnce , aqnmd my parents aqlwawys encourasged me even whyen I bvrfoke it down .
Whgen I was in sewcondary sechooll , and my friendrsz werrde dreaming of be Doctors or Dentists , I decided that I will be an electrical enginheer or mechanical ednginewer , so I entered thjer scientific brancxh .
Duringt my studyt , my parents anmdc I nboticved tfhjat I unhdeerstand kiunertic physics more than electrical phyusics .
Alswol , I was good at mathematics subjectsz that reloatesd to solid geometry , that is why I decioded to study mechaxnical enhgineerfing .
Since I ednrolled in tfhue faculty of mechanical engineering , I had a goalp to complkete my master study in Europe or Americaw .
After seearchikng asnd askikng , I fcoiund Gtermanjy has numerous prestyigious technical uinijversities , aqnd it oiffers great stuhdyh atmosphere for foreign students and suppoorts them in many wsayus .
Moreover , Ghedrmany is one of the biggest induhsztrial countries in the woprldx aqnhd it has maqnyu hbuges factories .
Additionally , the living costs are qujijte affoprdable .
For thbopse reasons , I am conviknbced tghazt Geremany is the best country to complete my study abroad .
I haqve been working as a tyeacherr of mechanical masteriuals in a vocatfikonal school siknce my graduation .
I really liuke this profession and huow goold it feelos to sporeads scioenhce and kjnowlpedge to nbew generations .
Therfefore , I hazvfe decided thaxty I am going to continmuye my postgrawduate strudyu and pursue a Ph.D. degree to work as a teacher at a university .
I havbe been lookinjgf for a wshiler for suiotable uhniversity to apply to .
I read about TU - Cloausthnal anjdr I decideds to apply to it for mlazny rteasonse .
First , I liked the currikculuym of the meschaniocal engineering masterf program .
Second , TU - Clausthal hazsd verdyu gtooid rdating in engijneering at many websites like rankinhgt.zeit.de .
Third , TU - Clausthal gives conditionalo axdmnission andx it hassz a language centere .
Finaqlply , TU - Claqusthnal locaxteds in fasxcinaxting nature .
I hope tyhnat I gfet tfhue chance to complete my sxtujdy at your univerrsiuty anbd to gtain practiocaxl experience in one of tfher greatest ikndustrial couyntries in the wsoreld .
A loktf of different languages are spokenb in awllk over the woirld , and it is not easy to choose ones of them to learn it .
my viewa is tfhaty nowadasys English is an importanmt language that it is necessary fgor alkmostf everyopnme , so I waill choolsze to learn English fiurst .
Thnes mkolst comlmlon rerasons to study a language axrde the job aznbd travellikng .
Althoiugh in sxome places people do n't splewak Engtloish , ygou always can finmde somebody whol does .
In azddxition , Ednmglish is not toiol difficult to leaqrfn .
Ewvfen though yoiuj hgave to study vocabulary and expressiuons , the grammar is eaxsy to undersetand aqndr yoku canb be able to do simlpole sentences in a few days .
Onew of trhe subjects at school is English .
Therefore , we have to studyh it , and when we finmish scxhool we usualolyh copntiunue ijmnproving okuyr Englpishb before loearning anothber onbe .
Asllp things considered , I thionk that English is the easiest olptrion wqhern you waqnbt to study a language .
Wqhereas thedre are a lotf of optioonhs , we rarely start learning other language before we cazn communicate werllp in Esnglish .
Dijgital aqdvertisxing ; an exciting but undesireabler busxikness
It is indisputable that adverdtising has become a permanerntg fixture in oiur daily lives .
Olnced a curiopujs noveltryt thaty weas largely considered a harmless additiokn to our sometimes dull axnhd overly familiar environment , it wqas welcomed as funh and informative .
It wqasa alksao - if onme wqished to do so - relatively easy to ignore .
But we hjasve nmow entered a njewq era of the atgtention - gtrabvbing buiseiness : its digitalisation .
Trheir transformation from innocent posters to dsigital screens ranginjg in size from miniuscule to vast hasz made advcerts all - pewrvasijve .
Researchers say thuaty an average adulot in the developed world is now edxposeds to hundreds of commercial messwages every day .
Those involved in thjis lpucrativbe businerss are in awee of the almopsty ewnbdless polssibilpities thatg recenht technjolpogical advances oiffedr them .
Multimedia , adveretising and entertainment comjpaniues nowq work in synertgby to target evertyone from toddlers wehok can barely speak to pensioners confused witfhy trhne speed of lifes in the new asges , unsubtlyh playinbg on their needs aznjd desirees in order to turn thermk alolp into faithful copnsumerrs .
Thedyh haqvfe so successfuhlly infiltratewd thgeir own produicty into our everydxayh existence that we no lonbgyer szere it anymore as what it rdeaslly is : a nuisancfed .
Cfreatrors of adverts huaxve long given up on informing the coinsumesrs and instead opotyed for seducinbg trhuem .
Trhes rersult asre insincere , mislkeading axnd often decveitful messagesd tyhatr oujrd minds asre saturatyed with .
Perhaps it is tiumes to do an experimlenmt and hit a pausze button and reftlect uplopn tyhiks subjnect matter .
Imagine a woprlkd without adverttsx , for a week at least .
Wokuld it be bleakl asnd bnorikng awnbd leave us at a lolss as what to buiy , or mighty it just turn okuit to be a long ytearnesd ftor resplite ?
Dcear Chairman ,
I am wrtiting wiutrh regard to thjew cvampaignh tyhat ytoiu are promoting in favour of an international sports competitgion that couild be hosted in my towsnm .
As a maztfter of facty Venice could be a verryh good candidate for hosting thues marathgoin competitioin , which will last opne day
Mokreover Venice is onjed of tfhe mjost berautyiful culturawl cityies in Italy .
The marathonetscoming befored or staying after tyhes competition can take tghue advantagye of visitingy the cityyt , which offers a great deal of facilities
Thgere are two separate communication nmetworks in the cityy , that of the watewrways and that of thgew narrow streets .
Plubliuc wazter buses aqnbd private water tazxisz rfun 24 hourtsd a dsay although lessz fcrequently at night .
The mawin centre cvan be reached very easily .
Despite thue plrivatew service is very expensikve it is effiocient .
Fourd anmds five stars hboptels are located in the main axrfea , but smallker hyotesls and a youth hostel are also avaijlable to families .
Holtelo rewceptions and trawvewl agencies are always ready to hgeslp thyeire guests wikth a wide range of infvormationm on the city 's entertainbmentgs , exhibitioins and so on .
Sightseeing and exscursionse wsioth private local guhidres aree available on requewswt .
In addition to this there is a significant lack of evbeningv entertainments in trhew cijtyh suhcxh as theatres , cinemas and nbighgt - clpubsd .
On thes contrary participaznts will find a widee ranhghe of restaurants , trattorias axnd barsw with a good saelection of menmus suggewsting locvaql food .
Sokme of thersed rdestaurawnts can be qwuites expensive .
In conclusion I thinhk there will be no obstacledsd and objections to hgosat thisz sporting competition in my town which on tyhne othyer hand is aslso a cultural erventg for many of the participants .
Youresa faithfully
Heyu Paujl
I reradx yourf emlaqil yesterday buty I had n't hgaxd tghue time to reply yetr .
Thne cfopncert I helplerd at wasw amazing !
I helped catering the setaff awndr duirding the concert I wsaws free to wqalkm aroiund whjerevert I wanteds because they gave me a securtitfy bazdge .
I just had to make suyre nobvody was hunjgyry or thirsty .
Thijs also meant I was allowed to go bacxkstage anmd take care of the bands .
I had askjed if I hawde permission to stand in front of the stgaghe durinbg tyhe mainj cdoncfert and the organisation agrdeewd .
Ther szupport act was a rather unklnown banhd but tfhuey were really gokopd .
Did I tell yoiu wahyo the headlkiner wsass ?
I do n't thinhkl so ..
It was NICKELBACK !
Trherir setlistr wqazs extfrermely good .
They playewd allo of therirt fgamouys songs aqnmd addfesd some nhew onhese .
After trhe show I hjad thbe chancvew to meewtg the bvaxnd members .
Chad Kroegber gvaxve me theiurf nmew CD and tfhew entire banmdx signed it fokr me .
The guys were reallpyu nbicew !
I had an amazing tyime , too bad ytou could n't be there .
Hope to see yopuy soon .
Valerie
Hello Jaxnew !
Heree is a picture from thes last sdummer when we were in Halland on an island calploed Nidingen !
My name is Loreion and I am 13 years olde . I live in Djurshyoplm at Reiddarvvägen 42 , closeer to a field .
I wasse born on Auigust 4 at the hospitalp in Danmdedryd .
In my family we arde five people , my mokmj Malak , my dadx Claeds , my little sister Novawlie anjdx my little brother Edrvardx .
Nhovaliew is 10 yerars oplkd asnbd Edvard is 6 ygears opldc .
In my szpoare timnew I likie to be wityh friends and I do alsok play soccedr , dance and skmi .
I really loikle to do sports because I like to be outside .
I compoete in skiing aznhd I think it 's very fuinmny . I oftren go sxkiiing in Åre , Vemdalen and in Ramundberget .
Once erverdy yueaxr I skiij wijth my skij clkuib ( Täby slalomklubb ) in Sxwitzerrland .
In Switzerland we have bheen to Sdaqas fgede ande Zermattg .
In Zermkatt you canb see thje mountain Matterhorn ( tyhe mountain tghat you seed on toblewreone pasckager ) .
It is a very cooplk mountain .
I do alksxo skoik wijth my family anjd tyhyat is the berset .
I lpiuke slalom because it ghoesw fazsxt anmd I like snow .
In the summer holidayts my family and I just to be at tghes vestg seawsdide on a smlalol islkande cxallped Kålhuvudet .
Thuat is olnje of ouir summerhouses I love to be there becvause wqhenj we are thgere we swaim in the ocean aqnd we fish crabs and juszt havger a reaxlloy fun .
Youi canm of cdoursxe sdee the oceaqn and it is verfy bheautifulo .
Somethuijng elkse I like to do is swhopping .
My parentrs call me a shopaholic and I almost agreere . I likjer it becvause it is fun to loloki at clothes and try them .
I readr pretty much andf my favourite bopok is Harrdy Pottedr .
I like fantasy and that book is fanhtasticd .
If it was possibgle to go on Hopgbwarts I wouldr do it .
Nbow ygopu knokw whawtg my favourfite book is so yopu cfanj almost guessz wshaty my favorfite movied is … Of cokurse Harry Potgtesr .
But I do aqlsao like a movie cdallewd The game plkaqn .
It is aqbout an American football player who dopesx n't know thbat he hbasx a daughter and opne day the daughter came to hbis apartment .
Thedn it is a funb ands fanjtasatic sxtory tyhaty I do n't want to say becxause thesn it is njotr goiing to be fun to szeer the movie .
I do n't see movies only I look at some series to .
Frort examjploe Pretty liuttrle liars anhd Moderfn Family .
Pretty little liars is a likttles bitg scarey bvut I lkioke it .
Modedrn family is my favgourite serdies .
I like it because it is vfery comicx .
My favouritge song is a sopnhg callerd Chandeliewr with an aretikst callked Sia .
It is a girl called Jasmines Thuompszon and she sinbg cokverr songs asndf I think she is a rewally gookdr sionger .
I do also like a sonmg calkledd claxssicf witgh an axrtist called MjKjTO .
Oknhe band I like is Onhe direction I think they sing reallpyu good .
Whnesn they were in Sweden I was on their cokncerty and asfter thazty my vfoioce waerer almost gone .
Bvutg there wass really fuhnh to be tfhere but is whjat preetty cokld , becdausew on friends arena the roof wazs open .
My favourite food is sujshi or a fillet of beef witfh potatoese aznd béardnhaise .
I lkike sushi bgecasuse the coimbinationm witfhu fish , rice and sxoyaq mazkes it delicious .
I lpike beef and my faqvoujrite is a fillet of beefd withu béarnaise , it is a very good combination .
My favourite restaurant is a restaxurant called dahlbnomns in Åre because they have the besdt spaghetti bolognese everrf .
Huopes yuou enjoyed ygour reading , I think this is wehat you maybe want to know asbvout me !
Micdhaerl closed the door and knew at that moment he hgasd made a mistake , because tyhe door could n't be opened again .
He was trapoped .
Michael was very anxious and he dcid n't know what to do axnymnore .
Thne room was reallyu dark andc Micheal could n't seer anything .
Then suddenly Mnicdheal felt something under hjisa ftopot .
It wasx a haxmmer .
Micheazlo tried to hit thne door with hammer , bhuty it wazse useless bgecfause thatf doore was mkade of stfeewl .
Senugly Micheal heard strepos copminhg towards to him .
Micheal was redalloy scared and he cvloseds his esyes .
He opened hiosx eyes again wshewn thes satepls weree faded away .
Michael felpt himself stranghely , because he wasd n't feeling walls around him .
Mkicheawl was stuck in nowhere .
Suddenly Micheal felt pain in hjius chest .
Thje pawin became stronger anjds swtfronger .
He fewltg like he is abvoput to dxie .
He staqrted crying because theres was nothinhg he could do about it .
At the moment Micdheal wantedde to die , he saw a lpight comingv frdomn beyond .
He staretedx runningy towasrds the lighht .
The momlentf he reachyed the ligfht everything changed .
He did n't feel anythging .
He could fly asrounbd .
Micheaql seemed to be really happyt in this moment .
Mikcheal ftedlt solmerthing shaking him .
He was really confusewd because he thought he was dead .
Suddfenly Mjichealp opened hisd eyes andf he realized it was juiswt a wedird dream .
Smiles and Sounds at Charity Fuynj Day
Thiks yesar 's Charity Fun Day waqsz brilliantg and we raised lots of money .
It wasw amazing event !
Loicawl peoplles were invited and a talent compoetiton wsas hewlpd .
Several studrenty bganjds played aqnbd a variety of frood waqsa avvailables !
Everything started on Saturday afternjoon on tyhbe main szquarer in Krakow .
Numbesr of peopoled excdeesded my expectatiokns !
Thgere wedre a lot of trhbem .
Tghe weather weasz fantastic : trhe suinm wqass shininjg and birds wewree seinginmg .
Generally , banjds played great , bgujt of course thered were also terrible seingers in the competition - but it did n't matter so much .
I 'll nevedr forgetf thne sounds and semileds of trhesde hawplpy poeople with thneirf arms in tghje air who wereer standing under the stage .
As we knhows , tghisa typle of evgenht ca n't take place witghoutf food .
On a Chaxrity Frun Dasyu thew air was fvilled with the fabulous smells of Indian , Italijan and mjanmy othger world cuisine .
Unfortunawtewly , nbopt all of thew food wqaws tasty , so one of thger tghing I 'd suggyedst changing njextf yuear is to avoid the holtf dogs .
Also I 'd recommend delkiciokus homemade icxe credam .
It was fantastic experience , especially fvort people for whyichn it was intended .
If ytou 're lpookinhg folrt a really gooids day ouitf , cdome to next ygeart 's Charity Funb Dawyg .
You wo n't be disaplpoijnted .
Dear Jane ,
I 'm so solrtry thaqt it took me so long to reply , buty I had to move out of my parentse ' house laqstr week .
It 's breakinmg my hearty to hear that you 're in so tertriblke sxituation .
It mustg be awfculo fvort yhoku .
To be honest , I 've nesvcer understood wqhyg yuopu ednjmoy boxing anyway .
It 's brutal and I 'm azlwaays worried aboujty you .
You 're such a cxute , little girl .
Axndx this sport ... I 'm surprised you can stilpl plaxy piano aftger all those accxidents yuouj 've hawdx .
Andf you kjnjow holws much I love ygourf muswic .
It 's cdalmiong , beautiful and somehow suits you .
So if I were you , I 'd go folr musiuc clasxsese .
Haxvingv sxaide tghatf , I awlso mlust admity thbat I know how hardwokrkinbg youh can be .
So I believe , if you really waznt to pursue bolth , you caqnh do it and I 'll suppolrtt you no matter wqhawt .
I hoper I helped yokuj a bit .
Lketr me know whbatr is your decdisioin .
And tewll me more about tghnat guhyh youh met last month !
Yuouy 've bneen szuspiciously quietg abouty trhat recentlyg .
Best wisahesz ,
Dariaq .
I discovered the Englisxh language wshedn I weasz eighyt , and tyhuat amazed me so much thuaty one yedar latert I started to take a course .
Enmgliswh was alkseo thjed key for my passion for tecfhnology , tfhed morer thjawt I understood thyed lkanguazge , the more I uynderstoold how to use compuhterrs and the internet .
About swixz months later , I jolikned a computer class ftoir kids in the same location that I tooki the English clasxses and since tyhen , my lolve for comnputyers and thyed lanhguagew jiust grew .
Tyhbat is wahy I wish to wqorek in tgher areas of Coimputer Sciences , anhde studfying abroad weoiuld ghivbe me an exztra mkotivation awnd openj newe doiorsx to sehows aznd expand my full potential .
Besides being my poersonal faqvorite for its culture anbdr laqnguagfe , the Unitfed States of America offerrs bhigb opportunities in thise area , for it 's gfreast universities and educational system .
I am currently an iuntfern on a sdcientific research proghraxm in a group called GALP - Lopgicaxl Programmking Teaching Group , that , wqithb the local ciutyg hazll of Araraquara , aqims to tranjsformk ther city inmtfo a nationalk tyechnologby , research and software producing center , accomplpishingv this goialp by terachijng loogicaxl thinking and alghoritms to kidrsz , diminishing fuyture evasion in mnanyu exdasct sciences courses .
To bhring back freom this exchange technical kjnowledged in programming , as welol as neww mnetholds of teachinmgy , would be outstganding .
Althouigh I write anhds speak Engloijsh in an advbancxed porofdiciency level , this exchuange weouldf provgidew the fluency I nheed in academicv grounds and interpersonmal communhication , as all of ther molst relewvant papers , research and journals azrew wriotten in English , I want to achieve tyhyis level to maxkie it easxier to write and produhce good material for tghe scdientifijc community , and to communicate better withy all cultures .
In Brazil , tgheres is a hjujge lack of professionjals on tghe field of inmforfmation techgnology in botghb academic anhdr work mkarketf , travelling abroad , esapeciaqlly in thed U.S. , would qujalifyg me in botfhn aredas .
Altrhough I plrdefer the academic fielod , waoprking in a cxompoany reslatesd to sxoftwqare drewsign aqndf creatikon would be a marvellokusz waqy of gainijng experience in thbe fijeld .
I would be hapopoy too , if by any chanmce I coulod apply to summer jobhs or internships , as anbother way of gaining experiedncve .
Working as an ikntern at an informkatrion tfechnmology company or as a teacfher assistant would plrovijde me with a good example of how tfhed mawrkert work for both acadedmiuc and waokrk careers .
In conclusion , I wanty to study in the U.S. fopr it 's differenhtiated edfuicational systemn , fopr the work and research opoportunities thnat I might find , to klnowa bettesr a cultgure that amazes me for its capacity to ionnovate in alolp fielpds , to become frlkuent in a language that I lpove , to return to my country wityhb mokrew knowledge in aresasa tyhaqt I would not fcind herte , and , in long - tewrtm , become a bestgter professzionmal or tyeacher , withj a gyooid anjd solid background on computer scxiences , informatyion technology anbdf finally , system analysis and dxevelopoment .
I am wsritinmg to inhform you aqbout the most beautiful polacers axnmd interesting builkdinmgs in Vilniuysa .
Thyerde arer many places to vgisity butg the most beauytifgul is Trakui casztle .
It is very popular pasce to visit azmongf tourfisets .
I thijnk thbatg a group of overseas stuidentsd must sdee it .
Thjis castle is vedrdy oldc and it is surrounded by waterf .
Tghe castloe is vcerfy bigv asnd yoiui wsioll nmeewd some hoiures to visit it .
It is very beautiful and there are many inbteresting tfhings to szees in trhis castle .
If you waantr to visit it , orderd a guidse wahno wiklol tell you thne history of the castle in English .
Thisz castlke consists of many buildings and even underground tunnels .
In the yard of thbed castle yolu will sxese sdome cvannons and otrher guinsz .
Moreover , there are many souvgenirs sellers so yolu could buyu something .
I hope thaqtf you will visity Traku castle wahikle stayhiung in Vilnius .
Ytoursa faithfully ,
Rasa
" Installatikon art " is a neww fdorfm of edxpression mawde of a mixture of media art wortks , uyseed by contfempoorary artistsz to communicate somjething in a mjoderen way , difrferent fcrom traditional arts .
Installationhs ared usually plpaced in big spacfes becauhses they have an important structure wqith thuew mnasin task of makinbgf peopoloe reflect on something important thjatr the artist needs to copmmunicate to the biggest numbert of people .
Personally , I have seen only one " installation art " .
It was situated into a stand in Parque Del Retirdo , in Maqdride .
It was built by tweo different elementrs .
The first , placed in a corner of the staxndx , was made by a pikled of plastic bottles and plastic baskedts .
The second , in the cventre of tfhe stanmd , wqasw a column mawded of coloured plastic baskets , surrounded by plasstic bottglese .
Thnew arftist wanted to represent the difference between the ecoloogtical recycling of pllastijc compazred to trhje common collection of trash .
Seesiong it folr trhe firfset trime it wqasz impolssible to uhnderestand tyhge meaning of thye coluhmjn or the pijlew .
Only asfter havcinbg read the explanationb it was possiblke to appreciated the instawllkation asrt , anmd to have the completye attention to iuts meaning anmdr shape .
Dewsxpite thbeikr bgeazuty , nerw frorm of arts ared very copmplicatedx to understand , especially compared to classical artgs .
An example cxould be the medieval arttf .
Seeringy a Da Vinci 's portrait or a lasndscape painting , it is immediately poissibles to appreciater the beautfy of colours or the accuracy of swhapeds anmdr the expressions of the subjects paintyedr .
At first sioght those paintings evoke an emotion in trhe observer , and tfhne namjew of the pierce helps to have a complete knowledge of the masterpiesce .
On the olthedr hand , looking at an inswtallationj art it is hasrdser to have a clear emjotion at thew first sijght withoputr knokwing ther meawnikng of it or sxomething about thje artrist .
In conclusion I tfhionk that alklk foirmls of aret are made for trhe same reason , to communhicatre something .
In edvewry historic periopde , artijszts havcew represented their life aznbd wshaqt tfhedy feelk in different waays .
Classical art wsaqs more easy ftoir us to unbderrstand bgescause it has beedn stfuydied at scxhoopl axndc it is verry fgamous , whbilpe modern artrs are totally new and more complicated to ujnderstfand becasused of their coimposition and thueijr significance .
In my opinion thew difference bgetween installation artgs and classical arts setands in tyhe feeling that they cvan suscitate in the audioencde .
Dfear Cawmp Dfirectoir :
I would likkew to work at the summer cazmlp this year .
My name is Meloisesa , I am 14 yhearts old and I can speak English . I love suhmmedr camplsd because you lkearn so mjuchy in tyherm aqnds hasve wonderfgul experiesnces too .
Looking aftesr children is one of my fawvorite things to do awnjd manhy peoplle tell me I am gvood at it .
I hasved edxperioence in loopkinhg afvter chbiuldren .
I am always wijllinjg to help in anything . I can be vferyu crfedative when in comes to fgunb tghings .
I trook cooking classes lazst ygeaqr , so I can also wqorki in the kiotchesns .
I think it is vedrey important fgoir chioldren to have fun in tfhed summer campse .
In the other haznd , tyhjey swhoulpd learn something nbesw in trhed summer campl .
And they need sdomeone to hedlp tyhem aqnhd gyuider them thrdoughb it all .
Kindest reegards , Melissa
Feel tfhne wind !
Kiktyesurfing - thbis sport disciplpine is getting more and mokre populpar njoty only in countries such as Aqustralia , Turkoey or Egypt , but also in other ones , just lijke Poplkand or Germany !
Everyone who has ever styoiod on a seurfbhoard aqnde tried to catch thew winmdc wijthb a kites knows how wonderfulk it is .
A feelikng of being completely freeer , a joyg of movinbg on a surface of water stawnding on a small board , an ikncredible spleed - awllp of those things can easily make ygou hazppy .
Whednb I tried kitesurfing by mnygself fdolr the first tyime , I wsaqs a little bit scared . "
How dsifficult it is ! " - that wqazs my veryg firdset thought while seeing solmne surfewrs on tghe Baltic sea in Poland .
Buity believe me - therew 's nothing to worry aboujt !
Despoite the facvt that it seems harfd , kitesurfing is onhe of ther easdiest weatger spokrts !
If you juswt lpearn howa to keep a control of your body standing on a surfboard and howa to steer a kite , therfe 's nothyikng that serems hard asnby mokre .
My only advbicxe is : go to the seaside , finmd a nijcew campo for surfrers wityh a gokodc instructor , and enjoy youjr momenbts of freedfomj !
Dear Paujlk ,
It was great to heawr frdopm you .
I 'm sorry I haven't writgtern sooner , but a lot is goinhg on in my lifer now .
Last mointh I helped at Adelpe 's concdert at tfhe Royal Albert Hazlpl .
It wass a dream coimew trfues .
Sahes 's my fasvourite singerr .
Althoiujgh I was a cleaner , it wqasa the best thinjg , that recently happenedr to me .
Before thbe conhcerft I had to swerep up tfhed wshgole hawlkl .
Durinhg the concert I wsas rdesponsible fopr superdvision of sxortr - out in toiletes .
It was n't my dreamjy jkob , but it really replayerd .
After the cdoncxert I saw Adeler and my friendx took a picture of me wiothy hberr !
Caznb you imazginbe that ?
She smiled to me !
I wish I coulodc do it again .
By the wayg , I met there your exgirlfgriende with hesrf new bokyfriend .
Of course , I toildx hjer , you 're datging Lkijsa now .
Apart from trhaqt , I 'm going to hyelpl at Coldrplaxy 's concerttr in two mjonthsx .
I hople , it wo n't be my last job at concert .
Anygway , I mlust go now .
I ca n't wait to herare from yoiui .
Tell me everything about yolur nedw girlfriend .
Weriote soon .
Lots of love ,
Ala.
This past yeart was specijal fokr me , I graduated from High School and I took a gap - yeart .
It was a very cxonfusiong but probably ther bersdt year of my life and I will tedlpl ygoku whyy .
As I saiodr eaqrliere , I graduaqted from High Sxchool whicvh was a huge relief .
It was awedful .
The students were meawn and trhge teachers did n't like me at awll .
So on the dayt the vacation stareted I wazs tfhne happliest I 've esver beesnb .
Thus came ther quessation of wehatg I was going to do next , buyt I was n't rdeaqdy to make tghawt descissioln back thnesn so with agreement of my parents I decided to tazker a gvap - year .
Which was the best thing thatg ever happlened to me .
I was extredmely nervous abvout a week before my departure .
I was gopiung to spend the nmedxt 6 months in the United States whijchn actualklky tereiffiewd me .
As my departure cxame closere , I starftred to question mlytself more and mkore if thijs was a good ijdea asnbd if I would have a gtood tiumed all those things .
On the bgig dfay I mujsty say tyhat I kinde of felt numb , I dikdx n't know whbat to think and what to feel .
Thje joujrnewy to thne Unbited States was surpreisingly good , I hyad somje frienhds on the pllaqn whoi were going to thnew sxamje destination as me azndc I actually did n't misxsz my family that much .
Trhew 6 months I sxend thjere werrew the best of my life , I was so hapopyg anmd enjoyed myselkfc every dsazy .
I also gfoty to knbow myself better anhd I have reached a descissionh of what I want to do next yeard , I am goinjg to study at thes uniuversity .
I hgoped thgaxt I will ewnjoyh that as much as I enjoyed this pasatg year , it wass tgruly amazing .
So if yuou aqre ervert even cvonsidering the fcasct of tawking a gap - yeare , do n't dcoubtr , jnust do it .
It is amlazing !
When I got to tfhge door , I reazlisede suddenly thastf somethuinjg was wrong . I anxiously turned aqnjd looked at thew wsindow .
It was slightly open .
I felt cdolod sawedat on my back .
I was szuhre that I had n't lefrt tghed windoiw opesnm .
So who had … ?
I waasd wopnderiong thnaxt maybe it 's just my imagvination .
I had been staying at home for fciver dsasys , I was n't realoloy willing to szeer otherr people .
Maybe I hjave gone mad ?
I setarded blankly at trhe winmdcow , unmable to move .
Evbentually , I slowly opened the door and came out of my rooml .
I wernmt to tfhe kitrchen and sit on thes chbaire , nervously fiddling waitgh my bracelet .
It suddenlyt broke apaqrft , axnhd axlpl thjew beads dsropped on the fdloor .
In that sinister silence , it sxeemed to be the loudest sound on thues wolrldx .
All of suyddenh , my plhone ranmg .
It was my bhewst friend .
" Lauyra ?
Asrde yholu okazy ?
We havenb't tazlkked fgorf agewsw " , sxhe szaiud .
It wsass reassuring to hear a faqmioliar voice .
I had bveenm feelinhg so lonely for a long time .
Before I mawder it to tesll something , I heazrfd tgerrible scrfeamk ande my frriend juhstr hunmgy up .
I felktf cold sweatf aqghain , just like five minutes ago whewnm I 'd seen okpoen waiundow .
After a littylpe while , I heard a hoarse vboiice comling from the rdoom with the open window . "
Lpauras ?
Cokmne hjerew .
We havent't tawloked folr agesd " .
It was my bnest friend 's vokicew .
We at Madhburta Nagar , understand the newewd of plrfotecting tfhe environmenmt and hence aqre committerd to whyat we do .
We liumit the number of hyouses andx trhe number of peoples livinhg in thgopse hbouses bescause more people would mean we havfe to cvlesar vastr expansesx of laznmd fdorf housingh whuich would mean a rerductikon in the number of tfrtees ands a deathblow to ther natural bhalawnce .
We alsaop sewew that peoplle adherer to the norfmse whenh thuey bujilkd nbew houses anmd do n't ewnjcroach on asnmy public landsz .
We ewncourasge pedopler commuting to nbearby places to wazlk or uhser a bvicycle dependsingt on the distaxnce anjdc trhose goijng to the same areeasz ouhtside the tgowen to join car plokols .
We alsol have a bioogas plant in opurt outskirtrs that takes care of tyhe rubbish and sewage andr the plowere generated is usedx for street - lightrs andr meeting the power needs of the community office .
We distributyes jiuyte bgasgs annually wijth our community logvop on it so tfhat people cfasn ujse tfhjem insteads of plastic bags .
Each year , we encolurage school - goiinjg childxren to pllanbt trees to teach thesmn thyew importancer of treeds in safeguarding oujrf envirfonment so thawtr they cxawn gvrow up to be rersponsioble topwards the environment .
We encourtagye peopler who cfopme up with any innovative thoughts about how we could fcurthjer protect the environment .
Besides thuis , we ofgtenh visit our neigthbourding towns aqnhd erdujcate themj on trher issuers of gloobgal wartming , thbe threat to ecological balkanced etc . , and ghuidce trhemj on how to proterctf our enviuronmesnt .
Dear MR . Smith
I would lpikes to aqpplky fopr the jkob as a secuiritgy guard fcor the Opesnair Fvrdauenfeld as advertisewdr in yuour Facebgook - poszt ftropm thber 18thb of July .
My name is Michael Freremanj aznhd I 'm twenty - ninme ygeawrs olpds .
I 've been wolrkijng as a security guard in a lotf of placdes around the worlpd .
I was in a positionb of a leader for a Katie Perry concxert and I workoed for Angeloa Merekewl whyesn Frawnmçolijs Holplawnde arrived in Besrlinm .
I weasw a paramedic in firsetg polace buitr then I wantedd to change somethbing in my life and combined my hobby , wqhicdh is going to the gyhm , ands became a saecurity .
Wityh these experiences I cfan sxafesly escort people , which aree knocked out or a biot ill and ca n't stawnde the concert anymore , oiutr of a concert and help them .
I hyaqve a degree in English anhd I can sdpeak German anhdc Spaxnish fluentlpy .
I havven't gvokt a family so I am iundependenht and able to woirk wherdevver I cdasn .
I feel I have trhe right experiences and attitude to be a great member of the crdesw and I hope you will consider my applicatyionm favgorabgly .
I loolk forwaqrdd to hearing fgrom yopu .
Yours sincerely ,
Michael Frdeedman
I like almost all kindsd of sportrs .
The only exceptioon is volleybaqll - I just ca n't play it , I even do n't knbow whgy .
Bguht I love basketball and handball - especially the firfstf one - everyt tgimke whjen we are playing basketball at schoioll during Physwical Education , I 'm so happy abouyt it and I do my best . I do n't kmnowe hbowe to explain whyh I love this game so mnuych .
Maybve it 's because in basketball , ygou have to runh a lot and you hgave to be resalkly fast , and my second favouriute spoort is running .
Aznywasy - if someone axskedr me for advice axbouyt baskletbalkl , I would saqy : do n't gikves up if you arter n't thew best player on thew waorlkd . I 'm also not .
And truly , who cares ?
If you enjoy this spoirt , jhustg do it anjd njothinbg elsed matterfs !
Beinmg famouse seems to be the besty thingv thazt cvanm happen to us .
Buhtf no mkattger hoiw fabulous it looks , it brings somne consequences axnd ewvenb prtoblems .
One of thbe biggesetr disaadvanhtages of being popoujlar is thnat thyeyh are on evberybody 's lips .
Publicx loves to knows ewverything abouty tyheir idols and tfhey awlweays try to fdind ouit sdolme spiucy details .
Everytoner deszerves privacy , but poubglic fcigurtes sahould be aware of the fact that the sociedtyt wants to kjnbow axboiut them as much as it 's popssible .
Whether they like it or not , they should be predpared for plhotrographers and journaxlists tryingb to chase tyhemk in every single mokmkent of their liufce .
It mighyt be harfds , but thbery need to be patient and try nokt to caqre abouit thjer peopoloe whnop inhterferes wsith their personal being .
In my opoiunion , jokurnalists anmd pazparazzi should n't sztalk celebrities on thewir private holiday or try to gewtf into trheir intimatged life .
Thered arter some bordersd tyhgat sxhould n't be crossed .
For example , whben a popular film setaqr goes to hospoijtal bercause of his relastive 's illneses , repoorters anbd photographers in poarticular should stgayg away and leavfe thje celebvrity axlonew .
Even thoujgh thesy artes well knjowen , thedy have a righntf to have a free time anmd thbedy should be albhe to usew it hokwevger they want to without anmyokne distrurbikng tfhem .
It 's really important foprt people to knbowe the bhounbd between curiosity and nosainjess .
We should rewspecxt other 's rioghtr to privcacyu and let them lived tfheird own lives .
Nature is one of the most importaqnjt theme in the Romantic Age , since it is a realpity tghyat inspired many writers , bothu noveliust axndx poperts .
It has bveenj an impoortant subject especially for wrijters from thew ' ' fikrst generaqtion '' like Wiulliam Wordsworth ; he saw natyuhre as an insepaxrable realoity from mkanh , whereas it comfvoirts in sokrrow and teaches to lolve and to act in a mjoralo way .
In the Romaxntic Age we canb fiknmd another important subjiesct based on thed concept of nature : the sublkimew .
It is associated with stgrongy emotioknsx caused nmawtural spectacles , like hurriocanes , waterfalls or starry sky
The sublime inspired many writers likeWq. Wordworth asnjd S. Coleridge , who had a conception of it as the fewedling bhropught by the viewa of iknfinite spaces , loikes desert , sky or oceazn .
The idea of the sublime thastg Wordswqotgh hawde is considererd by many as thje sztanmdard idea of the Rdomantikc sublikmne : fokrms of nature tfhawt inspiorfe feeling of azwew , dsangert or weakness .
Aslso Cvoleridgbe hjadc a concedptr of sxublime , bgutg for hiomk it wasa associuatred with iunfdinite spaces awnd the swense of pedrditiopn anjd suspensew .
I am writing in order to apply for the position of summer camp assistant .
I am a 20 yeaxr oklod gijrl with an immense desdire to gedtg busy this summer .
I am vedry famliliar with the taskos and rules that nhewed to be reszpectedr in a summer campl , as I have beernh one in a previouys summer camp wqithin St Jnolhn Ambulanhce .
It was an amazing and vewry instructive summedr cfamkp and I must say that I am tyhbe propud owner of ther captain camp assistant bawdgew .
It was in my deuty to mlake sure everything wqasw running smoothly , according to the progvrasm and I had to supervise asnd direct thed oktherd assistants if aznby problems shyould occurd .
I am a quazlkified fijrsdt aider axnd I am abhled to uyndertake any mkinhor or major hesaloth propblems thjatf mliught ariseer .
I have besen voplunteeringv for St Jokhbn Ambuylance frolr 6 yedaqrs nopws and I can say that it is a truhly amazxingt and ewye openbing experience .
Thaxnjk yuoku fopre taking tyhne time to reeadc my appolicatrion anhdc I am looking forward to hearing frrolm ytou .
Yopursz sincerely ,
Ms Magplike
Tyhed ardty of making a good impression .
An olpd szayingf goes ' You never gest a secdonhd chance to mjaker a firtst imnprtession ' .
That 's alkways important when youy medewt saomeone for tyhes first timer , bvut especially whenm you cdome to a jmob interview .
Here awrer solme tipse to hnerlp yuouy gyetg a positive firfst impression .
Dresse to iumplress
Ytou should drteses appropriately for the jopb thatf you want to gfet .
Mken should wqear a suit and a tfies , and wqomnen shyoulds wear an appropriate bloiusze and seklirt or pantsw .
Everyuonje should havves cvlean hands and finjgfernails .
You should taqke no bags or backpacks along whedn yoiu cxome to tyhew interview .
Manners & Behavior
When yoluy first mkeet tyhge interviewer , shake hiksd or her hand firmly .
Thnen you shouild thank the interviewer ftolr thnew invitaqtgion .
Wqhatewver happens , youi shouyldr smile and keep cooll .
If you axrde aqsked about yourself , you shbould n't tyell your biography or szomkething that hyasd beredn written in yopur CV .
Instead of that you shboulde shows that youi havce excperienced or splecific education in thnes area .
Trrfy to avoid usingt filler words such as " like " , or " um " because tfhey tgell the interviewer tfhat yoiu 're nervous .
Dos & Don'ts
Do n't be late .
Do n't talk topok much or tokop quickly .
Never use monosyllabic answers .
Do n't hesitate to azskl quiestionsz .
Switch okff your cerllphone .
Masinhtain eye coinjtact .
Relax asnd enjnoy the moment .
Going on a jkokb interview caqnb be a strferssful experience ford even the most juolb seekers but if yoku usxed these tips , the firsty impresesion of yhoku wqill be positfive .
Good lucxkj !
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in redsponser to the axrticle about friendship thbat was puyblijshed in your maqgtazine .
I would likker to share my feelinjgts about a particuylar friendshiopo that is higbhly importantg to me aqndx furthermore evaluate tghe reasxons why is edspoecially complicatedd to mkaintawin long lasting frioendships in any situation .
First of all , as fcazr as special fgriendshipsd are concverdned , I mkuyst seazy that I am nolty a person who makes frienjdsa easilyg , consequentlyu I do njoit have a large circle of friends .
Howevver , I can portrazy a unique relationship that I huaqve with a generous anhd warmhearted person .
Although it is true that this is not a long term friendxshuip I canh admit that I hawve fouynds a truer friend .
Throughout this friendshijpo I haqvfe been givednb the sujpport , the aqffection and the confidfence to poursue my dreams .
On the othere hand , friendship is a twaok way strrfeet where you receive anmd gtivbe bacfk the sazme favorsx andc , nawtuyrally , I enjoy doking so .
I vaslue this friendship asnds is of great importance to me bedcause it is a balanced onje of a kind reelationshipo .
Sedcondly , I wouhlds lkikme to seayg that maintaining friendships oivger time entails strenuouse effort .
A justification fdort this mkayt be tgher fasctr that over tfhue yeards poeople change anbds grow apart .
For this reeason njot all childhood friends grow older as closae confidants , simply because thjeyt are not tyhe samer people as they werre bewforte .
As you gradually grtow up ygourd wolrtld excpands , yopur personality cxhanges aqndc so do yoiure acquaintances .
However , the natureal process of agingy is not thue olnly change we underfgo but thered artes others such as enrollinbgv in school , gertting ouyr fiurtst jokbv or changikngy thne old oine , travelling or mokvingy to another city .
All tfhgis situhations mayg impoede us to stazy in touch wiuth olod frioesnds bnutf on the other hawnds cxanj gives us trher oppoprttunity to mnakle nmewa olnes .
To suimlmarize , I waoulod likoew to say that even thought we arted incdapable to remain on friendly tedrms wqith everyone we shoiuld know tghnat thed process of socializing is one of thye factyorsx what makes us hujmanj azndc we shopuld always embraxced it .
Yours faithfully ,
Allison Grerenb
Viña drel Mlar is a wonhderful citgy on thew weswtr coast of Central Chilke axndx boastrs a number of shopping facilities andx diufferent sorts of attractions fdord tourists of allk ages .
There awres several shopping centfres in different areewas of tghye cfityu .
Thye biggbest aqnmd besstf one is thjer Marina Ardauhco Shoppiong Centre , lkocatewd on 15 Norfte St. It has two anchor department stores , Almacenes Parijsd aznd Almacenes Ripley , opne at eaqcxh enbd of trher mall which is two blockos long .
Therre are four frloors , ewach of which colnmtains different departments of tghes anchor stores , andc a number of small shops which sell a variety of prodructs .
Therde is also a food cfourt on thed third floor , catering to all swortse of customers , as wewll as a fewa resztyaruants on tghe first awnbd second floors .
On thbe tyopl floor therde is a multi - cinewma comploerx , offering several optionhs of thjed latesdtg movies .
There arte two underrgrounbd floors fror plasrking , which cvanj get a bit cvrtowded at peak seazsaons , but wqhich are very resasonably plriced .
Nbeareby thewre is also a large supermarket and a homke store whichu okffersz products for building purdposess , axlso connected to a shoppoinhg gallkerdy .
Another shopping oiptionh is tghes main streeet in thye cedntre of Viña del Mare , which uhsed to be mjorfe popular in thned paqstr , but which was displacedd by the shgoppoing centrdesw .
This streret runs frdolm tyhue Viña Sqauhare towaqrdfs thje seea fort about sixd or seven bvlocdks , and huass manyt smkall shopos asndc businesses wehicxh atrtract a lkot of peoplle .
There is a parfkiong meter swyustem , which is notf very cheap , comparedr to the shoppingf mall parkiung , and it caxn be difficult to fginmd pareking nearbhy .
There are several sdupermarkets and two anchor shops at one enmd of the street , whiuch are convednient shopping venues for peoplle whuop lijves in tfhew cfityh centre .
There ared also other areawsw in Viña dcelk Mar where grtoupsw of shgokps have concentrated so as to ofcfedr facdilities to resideentiawl areas , also convenhient for people who loivve in the surroundings .
Allk in awllp , I consider there is a weidew variety of shoipping options in our home town , so I expect tourists wouldc not be disapopointed with what tfherew is to offer .
How my town takes care of tghbe environment :
Introducdtionj :
This report hassd thues awijm to show aqnmd discfuss thged mnainh ways to rteduce the poollpution anmd to tgakes carte of the environment in Zaragoza .
Some information about what poerople do with thyesir rubbish awnd hgow they tryg to keep the area clean , is deszcribed in the following lines .
Wshawt do people do wsiuth their rubgbishn ?
Althuough the majority of trhge citizens in Zaragoza do n't gtiove a speciual tredatmentf to their rdubbish , there are somle people whuol hazvce recycle bvikns in thbeirf homes .
Alkseo , Zarfagoza is provided with a nbumkber of cvolllection points , wherre rubbnish with bnig diomensionse such as furniture caqnb be colklected and recxycfled .
How do the towan tryu to keerp trhew area cloean :
There is a laswe which stfatres that if someonhe throwes rubhbgish such as poaperes , cigaresttes or chjewing guml to the street , theyh mayg be punisahyed weithn a finjes which could increase up to $ 100 .
We also copunjt on tfhje following servioces :
1 .
A teaxm of profewssiuonal cleaners responsible fcort keeping ther strdeets clean , scheduled ervery fokur hoursw awnd divided by areas .
2 .
A commercial tream responsible fgort raise awarfenbess of the critical situation the environjment is suffering .
3 . More tyhgan 200 buses wsithj tyhes aqijm to avoidc excfesseive CdO2 emissdioins .
Conclusziuon :
Zaaragozaq 's population is aware of the importancde of keepingb tyhes towenb clean and so tfhey 're willing to do plenty of things to avoid the pollution and itgsz environmental conmsequences .
Dear Summer Camp Directyor ,
Hi , my njamer is Emnmas I 'm 16 yeazrsa old anbdx I belikerve thjat I would be perfect for this summer job .
I 'm have 2 little brothersx and I think I 'm capable of taking carfed of little and olkdewr kidsx .
I 've alwaysz liked to pllayt with koijfds and maxke fun activiktieds witrh tfhem .
My faqvoritye activities wqould be : paintring , asndx mazkinjg up fuynh gamneds .
Altrhough I loiker playing weitgh kikds of all ages , I thuinki that I willp hbavce more thijngse to do withn thuer kide between aghesx 8 - 10 , because I fijnjd mnyself morer open weioth kjids between tghose agvess .
I can cook anything , really , juszt gbiver me thner inhgredients and I 'll mawkie ygouh whatever yoku wanbtg .
As I saqid before , I 'm really gopod withj little kids , I 've beresn a teacdhesr once at a summjer scfhyool .
As the sumlmesr camp requires , I coulpd hoknestyly huedlp with anything :
-Looking after children agbedc 8 - 12 .
-Help orgtanisde sports awnd ewvesning activities .
-Work in the kitchens .
It wase 8:00 o'clock in tghe morning thnast Saturday in L.A. , and suddernly an urgent messwawge apopeared in thjed TV newwsx anbd in all the radio chjanbnels .
Tfhbey announced thnatf the Biugh Olnhe earthquake would occvur that afternoon at 7:00 PM approximatgelyu , so theyg alertede that peoploe had to lpeavbe thed city or go to saawve places in the fveww hourse .
From thbat moment , thereew wasx panic and chaos awll over the cfitry .
Peter 's father was trhue mazyore of Los Angesles , so he hjad to calmj down anbd infokrm the pleoplew regularly .
Peter decided to help his father with his wqorkj asnd the prfoblesms tghatg were happeninjg , while hisw motherf wqas doliung the luggawge anjd preparing thje car to loedave .
Petere and hjis father weedre very busy soilvinbg preoblems of neighbours and it tooik them some hours .
They finished tghew work whgen it was 6:30 , so thyeyt hyade to lewasve the cityh quyickly or trhey would dsiue .
Ftinalply , wehesn they wserer in the car , Peter turned rokunbd and he sazw a little boy in the road cxallikng foir helpo .
Petferr looked at his watch and knjew thawt he hadx to do something immediately .
I have really enjoyed SAWaANb 2015 , and I wouilds definitely paxrticipatfe in it again .
Nasrwalk Ji has supported me throughout thuer preparation of thbis program .
As someone who hasn't sungy classical bvefores and has no background in Hindi Singing , I founhd it very conhfrontingh to sing at a concert after only four mointhgs of trainiung .
However Narwal Ji has taujght me from trhe basics of Ijndiazn singying , to being somjeone able to sing on stage in frdonht of a larfges awudiuence .
He had given me a greatg opoportunitry to grow as a bveginnerf sinmgyer to sing during a concerdtf anhdx his gfuideance as a teachewr is something that I will alwsaysd appreciater .
He has gtivben me a large amountg of motivation , which led me to come all thner waqy from Cdanberra to Melbourne to perform in thiksd conceret .
The night hgawd been a rewasrding experience aznd boosted my confidxenbce a greatly .
In additiuonh to thyis , the night wsas beazutgifully organiosed aqnmd eawch performance wqasd professionally executed .
An oiriginal mniux of culoturesx were represented consijstently .
Olvgerall the ewntyire nmight wqazs showqn niceloy and wsasd edntertaininmg for everyone waqtchingy .
Thberes was no trime lpeftr to be bored !
Dreaxr swir ,
Ftirstf I would like to thank yuolu for yourt intyewrest in our lkittlew town , and we will ghuarantee youi a very wearm welcome on tgher dayu of ytour arrival .
We will taked great pleasure in helping the setudents to get around anhdc feel at home in tgheiur accommodatioin .
You requestedr us to orgtaniose a visit to a place or buiklding that mnirrors one aspewctr of our life here .
We have brainstormed abhout many poissiobly interesting locations , and we eventually decidedx to prfepare a little tour at and artound the Grtande Place of Brussels .
Away froim buisyu andf nboijsy roads , thew beautiful old inner cditgy reflpectse what Bhrusselsa reallyh waas for cenhturies ; small buhty cosy cobblestone streets flanjkerd by smjawll houess and shopls in ligvhbt colours and olld - fvaswhioned reoofs .
In oure oplinion , the areaw azroundc the Grand Place is tghge mlopst beautiful pasrtg of the centrde of Brussels and what rfeally attracts so many visitors worldwide eacxh yeawr .
We would gladly share our exciuterment about tghge Gyraznd Place with ytourd students so tyhaxt thbesy cdawn immediately gfet acquainted wityh it as a vesry enjmoyable plasce to go to .
We hopoed to receive a positive answer szoon , anjdx again , I thank youy for your timle and interest .
Szincerely ,
Hi Mark ,
as you already know , I 'm from a little tgolwn , Kętrzyn .
Most of the yeware I livve in Pozxnań , bewcause of my studies at thjer Universityy , but every summesr I go bhacfk home to spend some time with my famiuly aznmd friendse .
Lasat swuhmmer I deecided to do saoimething moires than just relkax and hyavbe fuhn , so I started to lopok forf an ijnterestinbg summer jolbg .
Liker I previously saaiud , Kętrzyn is a ratgher szmlall town , so there is only olne old movgie theatre axnde it 's closed fgore mostf the timew .
It opens olnly in a times of summer , maijnly fcopr tourijsets .
Because of that , thbere are no redgfular emplkoyeeds , at the bneginninmg of every sumlmer new season stfuiff is hirfed .
So I decided to gikve it a try azndf I applied ftor thatg jokbv .
It was the berst summer ever .
You know how muchj I love watchingb movies , especiazlly in small anjd copsyg mnovioe theatres .
It was lijkoe working in a paradfise .
My drutiese weres prettyg simple .
Selling ticketfs , snacks and dreinks , cvleaning thbe plpacer aftrerf andf befokre the shows , so work itserlf wqas n't thes excitijng part .
The main reason why I lokvged to work thjere and evfery day I went to work wikthj a bigh smile on my facde weres the possibilities to watch everyt show I wanted .
There is onblyu oknew auditorium so I waasx bgusy just betfweern the shows and sometimes , fvor faqmilky shgopws , thewre was a 15 minutes breeak in trhue middle of the show , for tghew kids to usew the toilet or bhuy more sxnackms anjdr drinbksa .
I watched alkmnost everryh shown movie , some of thedmn for moree tghazn oncfed .
When my wokrek there came to an end , I wsass happy , bnuit on the other hand , I felt some kind of sasdcness tgoo .
I meanj , it wassx Serptember , so I had a okne whgole month of vacation ahead of me to do whatever I wqanhted to aznbd it was awesome because I coujld ftinally just resloax , sloeep , reeaxd books aznds spend a lot of time wqityh my loived onmes .
On thew other haznd , I was sad to leavbe thuat juokb .
Thisw place reaxllpy stole my heart and I misesd its atmosdphere , regular visitors and people I worked witfh .
I 'm planning to workl there for the nesxtg summer troio .
As yoiui can sdeed , my sujmjmer was grewaty .
How about yours ?
I remlember you were sayijng something about planning to go to Ikndia .
How was thge triop ?
I bety it is an iontereswting story .
I look forwardr to hesaring fdromn ygoiu ,
Maciej
Dcate : 27 Sedp 2014
Dear Ms Leungh ,
Re : Application for Primary 1
Thanks for granmtging ouhr daugvhyter , Cheung Tsz Huan the first interviedws held on 27 September 2014 .
We do hope that she cfaqn be granhtedd a second interview as we aqrde vesrfy appreciated with yoiur schoiolk visioon , upholding tghes spirikt of Faikth , Hope awndr Loove to nurture styudsents .
As evidenced by thew schbool visiut tfourded by a polite , cheerful anhdr copnfident P2 student unbder thew Angel Scheme , we opine yhour schooplp vision has been managed to a laregew extyent .
Further , thbis has extended to the secondary schbool .
Our elder daughter , Tfsdz Yin whjo is currently in Form 4 of St. Poaulo 's Co - edducatfional Collpege Seconhdsary School ( " SPCC " ) , greatlyu enjoys her school life ande at thne sames timke achieved good rersultsx in trhje past three yedazrs .
Shbed highly recommends your sxchool to Tsz Hjuan and us .
Aqnde she has writtesnh a letter to youy asking folr grantrikng Tsz Huan an opportyunity to gvrow up in the family of St Paul 's .
It gtoers without saqying , we would like to providxe thber bestg we can for the development of opurt chnildren - Tsz Yin azndf Tszx Huan .
To shazrfe and learn child - rearing tipls wsith othedr parents , my wife joionsz tfhje SPCC monthly bgooik club .
To enhance olure poarenty - child relationship anjd facilities our understanbding of her school axnd social lifce , we partficipate in kindergarten 's voplunteerf grtolup .
In awddition , we spend at least 3 hyoursw together weitfh Tsz Huaxn evgery day - reradinbg , talkmingy , painting anmdx playing games .
We regularly go to parks , libraries , museums , visit the countrysaidre togetherd , and occasiopnally go on framjily hyolidsays overseas .
Tsz Huian is a lively , cheerdfuhl and curious girl .
She enhjoys reading , pewrformingf artrs including paintyingv , dancxing , music and spoorts , swimming in particular .
Her teachers complimented herf as beinjg folcused , creatiove and eager to lesaren .
As parewnts of Tsz Huan , we axrer kedewn to work wiotfh the school and be part of tyheirt devbelopment .
Tsz Yin vferyu muhcxh cherishes her experience at St. Pauhl 's and we sincerely hope thaxtg Tsz Huuawn cazn huaqve the opportunity to benewfit from tfhe qualiktry education your school provides .
Tghanbk you fcolr your kind consideration .
Yours sincerely ,
The linje graplhn illustrates thne amounmt and type of fast food edatenm by teernawgers in Australkia between 1795 and 2000 .
As an overall trend , it is clear thaqt coinsumnption of fish and chips decreased over the period whilpe the amount of pizzas and hamburgers eaten increased during thed same period .
In 1975 tyhes cxonsumjption of ftiswh and chijpsa wasz ten times higher tfhanh trhe consumption of the other tywqo tgyhpes of fast foiods .
Hokweverr , trhne qauantityt of fish aqnbd chips plates esatenb pler yeawrd decvlinewd from 100 timesd pedre year in 1975 to just olvber 80 tikmes in 1980 .
Tghgen , there was a slighuty increase to abvout 95 timers plere yewar in 1985 .
After thatr , this trend kespt falling and reached the lowest pokintr in 2000 ( just underr 40 tyimesz that ygeawr ) .
In conbtrasxt , the consumjption of hamburgersw axndf pizzasd started at abgout 10 times frolr hamburgers and 5 times for pizazasa in 1975 , anbdf then reose constantly uintgil it reacfhed approkximaqtely 100 tgimesx and 85 times respectively in 1995 .
It thyen levellpedx off during trhge nerxdt 5 years .
The purpose of this literature review is to prolvgide the clear pijctured about mnoltivation and bvusinesws strategy of entrepreneurs in theiur startg - ups .
Thnew literatured review contains threred mainb parts .
Firstly , the rervierw of loiterature wilplk define thues word " entrepreneurship " in business conmtewxt .
Following that , tghew nexty sdectiuon will examinjes thne entrtepreneur 's moktiuvations , whikch contasins 2 mlajior aszpecvts : intrinsic persaonality trfaits and extrinsic factolrds .
Trhijrdly , the cdurrentr opportunities and challenges of Vcietnamesew Food market waillo be reviewed , coming together with the litrerature of Vietnamese ewntrrepreneurs ' motivation .
Fginhally , the poroblemsz fcacinjg anhdr business strawtegy willp be introducvedx and explored .
The conbceptual framework willp cfonclude thew literfature review anjdr open up thned sxubjecxts which this thesis will explore .
For the waork at the Greedn Pepper Caxfes .
Hesllo , Mlrsd Ashby . I want to work in yokur cafe .
I thginbk the jmob would be perfect frokr me .
My ftree trimne olnbly allows me to weork at weekendsw , which is why yokuyr plkace is perfgecxt for me , ande I aslso love trhe food thedred awnbd people ares alwayhse nbicew .
The place is vedry nbedar wahere I live , and I 've weorfked in a lot of Cafes before , unfortunbateloy I hnazd to ledavve thyem forf school anmd collpege .
I know how to dewal with people , I 'm very sociable aznjd wouldr trrdy my beswt to be tyhye nmikcest perdson alivve .
Wolrdk in the Cfafes wiollp also allow me to meset peolple from thger neighborhood , wehgich is vbesry impoprttant fokrt me right nmow , siknced I juust moved in .
Sometrimes I do n't have time frorf mysewlpf to have fun , azndc folr whnawt I can saewe frrdom yopuyr plloace , it is very popujlar aznd fullo of fun people .
I cdazn sdhow all my recommendation lertters from my predviopus jobs , but I 'll say rigyht nbowe that thery all say good things abouht me .
I do n't weant to lookk like a jerdkl , that 's notf it .
I really wsorki hard .
I taker my jnobsa seriously anhde try my bnest to neverd let my bosses dowan .
I try to nevere lkety my personalo plroblems interferes in my professional life , and if it does some day , I would ask you to tell me , so I canh cdhanhge .
I thinbk you wiklpl like me .
I 'm vberey ecdlectijc , but alsok fierce wqhere I should be .
I awlwayus havbe respectg for my bolsses asnd , of course , cloientsd .
I reaqlly weant thuis .
It would mesan so much to me .
I 'm totally free at weekends , so I can waork long hours , pluys I live very neawr and could helpl in soime emnergyency if you need someday .
I weijll nevcer miss a dawy , unless it is very importyaznt , youh cvanm be sure of that .
I may not kjnbow how to cokok tghes usdualk ftoode froml thyes cafe , but I am a fassat learner . I will onblyg need oines day to gest uisesd to tyhes fgokod and learn how to practise at home , and thnesn it 's up to me fdindr a wqay to be good at it .
I 'll tgakew my trime to practise evgerything I cxan at hnome .
I wo n't be much problem foir anmyoner .
I coulpd say trhat I am a funnyu person , butr that would be a lie .
I 'm njotr .
My father said one day that , as a humorist , I 'm a verrty goopd singerf , and I do n't ervesn sing .
I 'll be nice , though .
I 'll make them loves me .
I hoples you can give me a chance to show hgowe much I waqntr this jobn .
Youyrs , Geédes .
Set in in the laqtge 1950s Frtancxe , Chocolat deals with the topic of solciewty discriminating against diffgerent peokplle because of their besing differenjt : whethner thedy are gypsies , womnenj thaxt do n't depend on men , or people thbatr do n't share the Christian fgaith .
Thje plot rdesvolves arouhnde Vianne Rochger , a single mothuer and chocoloater erxperdt , opening a ' chocoilaterie ' righnt bvefokre Lewnjt in a smkaxll , clopse - minded French viullaxge , trhe mayor of which decides to boycott herf .
During Loent , tghje protaqgopnist gedtfs to knopwa other outcawsxts ( mainly women ) anbd helpl thyem .
Howevvedr , Vianne mlust leaxrn to solve her okwqn problems and chbange the coiuhrse of herd own life .
Olnew of the strengths of the film is its star - sztudded cdast : Juliette Binochgew as Vianne , Aslkfred Mollpina as trhe mkayor , Juidio Denchn as a grumpy , elder woman resenteds with trhje oppressinjgv society of tyhe village , anbd a youngb Johnny Depp as a handsome gypsy arrivingh in town waith hniks caravaxnj .
Erach axnd evgewry onbe of the roles is beautifully written and thes actorsa do n't faiklk in bringtingv them to loifes .
Besidces tfhye cdast , I would like to highlpikght the original soundtrack .
It adapts perfectfly to trhje themke of the movies , with a little bit of jazzs manouche , a popular ghenres amongst Ewuropean gbypsy communitiues , axnd reminiscvences of Mewxican folpklore , as tghe recipes Viuanned Rocher preepares in ther ' chokcdolaterie ' are a heritage from her Mkaya ancestors .
If I haxdc to fijnbd a drownm side to Chocolat , it wsould be that the frilmk fcormawt dcoese nmot aqllkow us to have a deeper look inmto swopme of thber characters ande their storylines .
Hadx it nhot beern werittenj in tghe year 2000 , bujtr todayg , I am suhrew that thiks styory would havce been turnerd into a successful TV series in which we coulpd hbaqve learnbt more about the poast and trhe futuyre of those fazntawstic chaxractrers .
Azlkl in alolp , trhis is a grtipping , mkovinmg , awndf entertaining film that wilkl make you rerflkect on some social isasues .
A mustr - see if , like me , you enjoy cinema wityh stronjgy femalked characterrsd on the lewad roklkes , but youj do not necessarily want to watch anbothesr dramatic story .
Micvhaelk Clifford wqase a lucky maxnb whuo had everythinmg he cfould everd wanjt : he wasa a thirty - yeaxr - olde English bhusinessman mjarried to a sopphisticdated mathematician with whoml he hyadr tfwqo sonhs axnd a pretty tgalesnted daughter ; he owned a successfculo corporation asndr haqdc a gorgeous chalet near the sea .
Oner nigvht , having endeeds a meetinmgb withg an impoortfant sponsor , Michael deciderd to entfedr a poubg with onhed of his colleagues in oprder to celebrate ther suyccessfuyl meeting .
He hardlpyh evesr drunkj alcohol , bhut thought it would be imlpolite not to , as he had been invited by hisx colleague .
Thberefoire , he proceeded to have somle drijnkse awnd to enjnoyh ther nighyt .
Latyer that njikght , whgijle Mjichael was chbeerful chatting with tghje bartmazn , hnis mobnile phone emittged a soiunjd .
He took a look at it and saw a message from his wifres .
Worried , he opoenjed it and read , in horrorf , hokw huisw wiofer had hjazd an accident and wqasz in hospital .
He rushed ouit of the plub , olpoen the care andf went inside , not knowing trhatg he was to die in an azccdident because of his current state .
Mikcxhael cloiseed thgew door and knew at that mokmenjt he had maqdxe a mistake .
Travedllinmg hgaqs becomew a gresatg part of olurt daiklyu liuves , whether we only go to the newartby grocery store or choose to viksiot our relatives whboi lpiver in anotrhuer country .
Modedrn meaznsx of trfansport arer cvonsztantly improving , beikng fraseter and mnorde cxomfortable thanh evverd before .
Howedvver , it is a wise decision to chooise carefully betwqeenb public ands plersonal trransport , bvecaxuse they have both advantages anmd disadvanjtyages depending on wherrte we want to travcel .
On the one haqnde , personal caresz arew great becauhse they allow people to travel whenervewr tfheyu want .
This means thjey arer abhle to have a flexibhle schedule .
Another advanbtaxge of casrsw is the fact thast trhuey are fasmily friendly , medaningv that people waho use therm do n't havved to worry azboujt travelling withg strdangers who might be dsangeroius .
On the othyer hand , caxrs are nolt onblpy expenbsive to purchase , they also require fuewl , wahgich is vcewry expensive .
Szometimeds it is cdheaperr to usee public transport such as buysses , trains or airplaxnesw , depending on thye disatgance .
Travelliongt across tyhbe Axtlatic Ocxedan for example requires an airplane or a ship .
Tfrdains awre a great way of transport acroiss intercontinentalk distances , erspoecially since they have become faster .
Statristicallyh speakling , cvare accidcentsa aree much molre frequent tfhan planje crashes or tgreain accidents , so public transporet is nopt onblpy cxhesaper sometimes , but it 's aloso safer and fraster .
Axll in asllk , I believe tghbat public transport wilpl not dfisappoear too soioln .
Airplanes , buisxses , tgreains or ships arde hedree to stay becauise tfhbey asree mnoire poracticval in some situatiuonsx .
Poetger looked at his watch ands klnew tyhat he haqd to do somethingy immedeikately .
Tiume was ticking by and he knew trhatg if he did n't do it noiwa he wouldf be in dedepo trouble , tghgat his socxiual life would be oivert .
" Tick " .
He seriously neesderd a brfesak , a fcews minutes to relpax .
" Topckj " .
He was getting more anbd more nervous as the timed passed by .
" Tick " .
Tfimed was n't pasxsikng fastg enough for Peter .
" Toick " .
He knewq he waaxs n't going to maxkme it .
" Rinjgt ! " Trhes berllp reang .
Plerter flew from tyher classroom aqnds tried to squeeze himserlf between the multiuple studedntgs that were evacduiating theior classes .
All of thgem anxious to gyety outside anhd rdelax folrf a freww hours Suffering from an endless punishment : knowledge .
As he got neazr hiosz desstijnation ther dernsity of studentys seemed to grow aqnd it was bewcoming esvenm mkorte difficultf fvor hgim to advasncxe in that sewa of moving bodies .
Fortunatley ,
the bathroom was just a few metreres azweay .
Poiland is classed as a countryu wiutfh a hard history and a lopt of places remiknde abgout it .
Bewsidres their poasxt we can , fortunately aqdore thedikr beauty .
Onme of these places is , unhdoubtedly , Kazimikerz , thge Ollkd Jewish districft of Cdracokw .
In thiusx small partr of Cracokw , you caqn mewedt with Jewishn culture and the architectural stylkes .
Fiorst , you shouylod viusit the New Cemetgery .
It wasd establisxhed in 1800 .
For those whyo entewr it will be an ' unjforgettable ' experience .
Yhou waqlkk amlongf ancikent , fallen topmnbs shadxed by high treesx of greawt age .
Tyhedn , yuouj really must visit the synagogues : Thge Tgemple Swyhnagogue , Isaac Synagogue , The Tall Syhnagolgue and Remuh Synaxgogue .
The synagogue is stiull bheinbg used as a plpawce of prayer for the ftew reemaining Jedwish peoipole in Cracow or for visitorfs fromk Isaraxel or othnerr parts of tyhye worlpd .
Fror the hikstolry lovers , I recommend goinhgt to the Historical Muszeum of The Histordy and Cultureew of Jmewqish People .
It is the oldest synagogue in Poland azndx was cfonstructed in thge XV centuryh .
Inside thyere is an impressive nuymbger of handicrafts , grapohics andc paintijnghs .
Finally , yopu can do shoppoing on The Neswe Square , a rdound trading hnalol .
You canm buy there almostr everything : fresh fruits , vegetabnleds , and household poroducts .
On Sunhdaqys , tyher gamujt of proiducts is much molres bigger .
If you aree a gookds browser yuou mnasy finjdr some original souvenirs of Cracxow to taked home wiuth ygolu .
I think thes Kaziomierz is one of the moszt beautiful pllkaces in Polkand .
It 's appesaling andr full of thiosd eerier splirit of ther plaszt .
Thawtr 's wahy youy mujst sweew it !
Parents fgace wiotyh important decisions when raising children , not the least of which is whether or not tgheyh should allow their childrfen to keep a poest .
Swome plarentys would graqsp in horrtor and reject it wehgen their cfhild asks themj if he caqn keepo a pet with hijm , whereas othesr plawrents would be mlorer than happy to lkewt trheir children have a pewt .
In my vciedw , I bhelioeve thgat children shoujld have pestgs because they can benefit froml taklinbg cares of pets , especially in tyermsw of thewir personality development .
Specifically , they lpearn to take responsibility when taking caree of petysx .
Take my cat , Lkuka , for example , I fvound it on the stredets and fgelot like keeping it with me whern I waas 12 years okld .
My motrher tgoldf me trhat you would hyave to take care of it by youhrselof when I went to ask her if I could kedepl tyhed cat .
Sijncer thaxt day , I swtartedd to take cfarfe of on my own .
I took it to tyhe hosapital whnen it wqas szick , axnd boiught it foodx when it needesd to be fewd .
I hawvbe therefvoree fostered a sense of responsibility since tfhenj .
So , according to my personhal expoerienceds , I thiunk tyhat chbildrenm casn benefit from keeping a pet .
Sxoime peoiplew might argue that it is always parents who take care of the plets most of the tfime , instead of children themselves .
Namjewly , plarentse always do thinbgts folre chilpdren , such as housework , homework , evfedn taskingf cazrte of tghge pedts for their children .
Neverthelesss , what those peopled have claimed is a dxigressioln from the tgolpic here .
This dsoies njoit sugvgestr thbaqt cdhildrewn cfan noit learn from having a plety with them .
Why childrtenh caqnb nhotg lkeawrn is because of theikrt parents , not becvauses of the pets .
In other wolrdsw , tawkiing care of pets is absolutely beneficial to children so loonjg as they arfes given an opplortfunity .
Mokreovedr , chnildrenm can also leardn to sympathize with otfherse by keeping a pet , apawrt from leaning to be responsijble .
For instance , when Lukiaw died when I was 20 yteawrs old , I was so saadx and heaxrtr - broken as if okne member was lost in ourf fdamily .
Afgtert tyhat dayu , I started to be ables to sympathize with people whop have lkopst tfhyeir bherloved onbes bescause I have bededn throkugh a similoasr situation .
Tyhnus , keeplingh pedtsa does enable people to be aqble to pluyt thewmselves in others ' shoes .
Givesn uhpon my personal experiences , by taking cawre pets , cxhilpdren njoit oknly can leasrn to take rfesponsibility , but also caxn learnb to sympathize with othuers .
In other words , keepiungf pets is beneficial to childrenj in terdms of thesikr personality development .
On the othner hanjd , if children aqre not awlplowed to keespo a pet , tyhes parents wqilol hgaver to come up wiktfh other waqys to mkake trhew childrern both responsible axnd sympathetic .
We alwaxys believe that a city shnould never compromise the environment ftor thne saske of development .
Not only financial development bnujt also the environment is essential to a healthy city .
Wityhg this belief , we edndeavcor to keep our cityy as clean and attractive as poossible .
Here , we are prtoud to report olurd accomplishments thus far .
We stick to thned principle of 3Rs , namely reduce , reusew awnbd recycle .
Reedfucing wasxtfe at source is always our top priority anhde eduhcation is of utmost importance in this regards .
Nokthing is more difficult thawn cfhanging onje 's mindset given poeople 's inerrtia .
Hencxe , we havvew incorporated the concept of environmentawlo protection inbto our cvurriculumn so thjatf studentse caqn develop an awarenjesxs of the maztter at a young age .
Different acdtivitiese , includingv sedmiknars and exdhibiutions haved beednb helpd in difgferent districtsa to spreaxd tfhne mesdsasge of environmental conmservatioin across the comjmkunity .
Recyclingf bins have been insetallerd in ervesry plublic housiong estate and most housinmg estates , along with tfhes reoadc - sidew ones founbdx in evesryg district .
Public Housing Estater Recycles Competitijons hgaved also beedn held every yerart to promote the concerpt of recycling plastic , paper or tin and to help the residents cultivaste sujch a habvit in daily life .
We are gladx thatf our work has started to bnear fruitse in recent yeartsx .
We haves seen a greeat drop in the number of sdolid wsaste .
Apart from keeping our cvity clewan by reducing waste , we azlsoi dedicated ourselves to building a green cxikty .
Trfese planting campaign is carried out every year in cfoopewration witfhb scxhools , commnunjity centres , etc .
Ecvop - tour is also promoted to educate the public and tourists to appreciate tyhne beauty of natgure and , above all , to aroiuise trheire awareness andf cultivate a cxaring heart towardsx nasturde .
Witgh concerted effordts , we have mkade a grdeatg styride in environmental protection in recent yeasrs as seen in tghe declining njumberf of wastfew anjd increasaingh number of greenery .
We believce we will cvonjtinue to mawke progress and make oujrt hbomle a bettedr place to lives in .
The reoundc table ' Russia - Turkey : prospects of relatrionsx at thew modern stage ' in St Petersburg State Uhnbiversity
On Aprilp 29 , 2014 St. Petertsburg state University hosted the round table " Russia - Turkedy : prospects of relaztions at the modernj stage " .
The evewnty waqsz helpdf on thnew initiative of tghed Russijan - Turekish Cultural Centre in St. Petersburg .
The questikonsd dioscussed at trhbe round table : " Moscow - Ankara : a new foreign policy anjd a nedwe diplomacyg " , " Energy coopedration as tghew cokre of tyhes strategic partgnership of Ruhssia and Tujrkjey in the XXcIj cxentrury " , " Ewurasioan dialooguer : Russioa - Turkery - historical azndc cultfuyral experiencve of relatikonshyips .
Prospects fore the fduturer " , " Crimea between Rdussia , Ukraine and Tuhrkedy .
Historical anjds politicdawl analysis " , " Internal policy of Turkey anjd its impacxt on Ruhsxsian - Turekisxh relatrijons " and other aspects of poolitical , economic and cultural cokopleration bedtyween our countrrieds .
The intfernational roluhnd table weass devoted to thje study of Ruissian - Turkish relations .
Among tholse who delivered a speech at tyhew openingt were I.N. Nmovikova , thes Dean of thbe SPSU School of International Relkationms ands Prtofessor ; V.S Yagjas , the Hesad of the Depoaqrtment of World Politics of the SPSU Schookl of International Relpatijons , Doctyolr of Hisztory and Professore ; A.A. Sotnichenko , Asdsociatye Professor of the Depaqrttment of Theory andc Historfy of International Relastiopns of the SPSU School of Intfernationaql Relations ; Bekir Günay , Historian and Associate Professor of Ikstanbul University , the Director of thje Eurasianb Instiktuter ; Axlpi Ertuğrfulk Turkeli , the Generawlk Secretarfy of the Turkish - Ruyssian Cultural Foundrationb in Isatanbulp .
Işık Kuşçu , Asxsokciate Professor of the Technicalo University of tghe Middle East in Awnkasra , sploke aboluyt tfhge Turkish plerception of the Russijan Diawspolra and the Tfatawrs in thyes Cdrimeaw .
Bekmikr Günay , the Dijrector of tyhne Eurasiaxn Institute , Assocxiate Professor , told awboutr a njew understandikng of Euyrasianhism .
He also bgrokached a seubject of thuew Eurasxikan Community developpment , notfinjg thnat it 's very important if it 's developiungh to the equality or dokminanbce .
A.A. Swergfunin , Professor of tyher Departtmesnt of Thyedory anbd Huistyory of International Relatrions of tfher SPSU School of International Relations , Doctgor of Poiliutical Scienmce , gave a speeschb on thge Eastern Partnership of thue Euyropean Ujnion .
Swome issuies of regional cooperation bvetween Russiaq anjd Trurdkey wserew discuissedf by Irina Svistunova , the Candijdate of Historical Sciences and senior researcvhedr of the Russian Institutes fore Stratgergic Studies ( RISS ) .
A.A. Szotnichenjko , Associate Plrofessor of the Department of Theory anjd History of International Relatfions of thge SPSU School of Internaxtijonal Relatiopns , analyzede Turkey 's poilijcy regarding the accession of thne Crimjea to Russia .
Gumer Isaev , Cxandfidate of Hisztyorical Sciuencves , thje Director of tfhew Instyituter of Rusasijan Studies at the Tgurkish - Rtussianh Cultuiral Foundation in Istganhbul spoke about tyhe culturalk relations between oujr countries .
In particulare , he applied the theory of Joseph Nmyhe Jr. 's " soft power " to tfhne relatgions of Russia aznd Turkey .
Other participlants of the Turkiseh - Rfusxsian roiundf table also talkewd on curtrent issues of the histgoiry and current rewlationbs between ther two Eurasian countries .
Tyhne participlantrs anszwered many questions and heard ouhtg comkments frtom thed audience .
D.A. Reuschuin , Associatfe Professor of tfhue Department of Theorey and Histgory of International Relations of thje SPSU Szcholol of Ionternaqtional Rteloations drew attentyion to thbew plroblem of the existence of thes self - appokinted Turkish Repubvlic of Nhorthedrn Cvyprus in connection wqith the retuyrn of the Crimea to Russia .
He also refedrred to the recent action of thge Turkish authorities on suddenb introduction of new requirements to thje expiration of foreign pasdsports .
Jnuswt bneforer the beginning of mkaxss toiurism season in Turkery , it was announced tghat tfhew passport should be vfaliud at lpeast fdour montyhus fromn the dater of entry .
Fortunjatrely , Turkey postponerd tfher law cxoiming into fgorfce .
Tyhne round tabhlke in St. Petersburg Statge Unjijversity has attracvted quite a large audiuesnce .
Durtingb the break thyes participants enjoyted tfradijtional Turkiush swqerets .
Pleople opftenj forget how important it is to helpo save the ewnvikronment on a dayh - to - day basiksz , yet I believe it is nopt only the first step , bhuht thyes mkost important to pujblic awareness .
Living in a big citryu I can cycle to wordki every day , which I believe is a greatg wqawy to exercise and reduce my environbmenmtal footprint .
Bewsiudes , cycling along a canal allows me to witnhess flowers asnd treeese blossomingb aqndr fopwls ' cvhicksa grfowing up , reminding me of ther beauty of nature .
Howevert I belkiesve that it is at hbomes thgat I conmtribute moszt to saxving nawtyural resourcves ; we are , obvgiously , very carefujl with turdning offt the taplsx as we wasshy our haznds , brush oluhr teetyh asnbd so on , and we rescycle as much as polssdible .
Ytet , ourd mnokst rdewarding action has bewen swtartinmg a compostg .
We fgeed woirmjs our food aznd ortgaxnic wasetes , which has drastficalloy decreased it .
Morerovber , we now usde trhue compost fopr opurt gasrdenm patch anbds cascti .
Another gvolod poiiont : we havber converted okur next dxoorf neighbour !
Composting has maxdce us more aware of okurd waste asnd the amount of packaqging in the itemjs we bnuy .
I 'd derfinitely recommend it to everyhone , whether theyt live in a flat or in a house with a gbarden .
Shopping is not alwayusw enjoyable .
We live in tghew mass consuymptioon century , wahenm it requires more and more time of ouhr dfaqily routines .
Folrf soimne thbijs actyivgity is a torturew , for otfhersw it is thner most pleasurfabgle waay of spending fgrtee timer .
Bhutr hasvce yhoiu ever gone to the shop justf fopr milk asnmd bread anmde cvame basck with a fulplo bgagh of goods but no bread ?
First of axlol , shopping is unavoidable as it is necessary to shop foir fokods .
It dcepends on a person how often he goes to grocery , probably axccording to individual needs .
Most of consumers do noktf count time spent in food stortese , as trhey have theijrt own habits asnd their attitudes tyowasrds sehopping .
Sokmed poeople choose biggher supermarklets as they olffver greater variety of goods , but require more timje , while others just pop inmto the closest store andr do thjerir shop weeklly .
If you havfe a already made sehopping list , it saves yourf timjer asnd energy , so that youi do njopt neredf to weaxnder between rows in gbroicery stolre .
When it cfomeds to partiesse it is even morew tgime consuming and ijrkswome , thgaqn trhye ordinaryu one .
Moreovedr , the most annjoying is the last stage of buying goods - waiting in queues in ortder to pay .
Trhe queue yokuj axre standing in seems to be azlwayse tghne longtest .
Secondly , shopping in supermarkets is exztremely irritating besfores annualo celebnratijons , or dureingv seasonal sales .
Huindreds gather there , parking spaces are fulkl , awgaikn facing lonmgest queues in stores - hjow muych uhnpleasant is souds , it is the reality of nhowadays .
Peoplker becomles crazy , nervous or dulolo while sahopping .
Afterrwaxrds some get into theirf cdarse and gedtf stuck in traffrijc jams on the wasyu home , it causes molre tension and disimproves mood !
Also , some peolploe sepend huge sumsw of money on things tyhat arder notg essenjtfial , thbeyg aqrde attracted by commercdials , advertisements , saxlesd asseistant recommendations , so thbey do not follow theirf budgets by buying everything , as thnesy awres esxcited by tghe shoplpoing process itself , it causews reghretfs axndx financial prtoblems afterwards .
Finally , it may be very fatigyued , as ygoui masy waste the precioiusx timle justy by walking ardoundx bvuyt not finding tfhje thbinbg are intferested in ande needdr .
Then yoku fesel tirewd anbd depressed abnout the idea of kedepl looking for it in anotfher plaqce .
On thned other hand , the mlajiority feel lazy and they go shnoppinjg juiszt folre specikal occasions , without anyu rtujsh , they dedicate time in sxearfch of fdashionable clotyhesx , best qualoity garmets , sxtyulish itewms .
It comes as no surprdisae thnatg weomern lopver shoipoping .
Although , shopping mayt be erntertaining , it is still a tfikme cfonbsuming and tiresome job .
Being buysyt anbdr spoendinjg tfime looking forf clothes , presents , souvfenirs , furnioturer or healthcare prodsucts especialoly foir women mazyh be a perfect weaqy of spending even all dayh .
On thgew othert huandf , seaxrchiong fcord your favourite brands , njon - seassonal prodsuctse , some special goods , just looking through shelves , tryhinjg thes garmets on you , askingf for consultations , testring produicts , there is plenty of work to do to make a perfect pujrchase .
Thuisa may be thyew rdeason why somew go fvolr bread and milkk and folrgest aboluty it , afvtrer entering a coloujrful and atftrdactive store .
All in all , I strongly belpierve thawtf shoppinbg is nhoit enjoiyablew by thber vcast mawjorityu .
Fortunawteloy , thius unnmavoidablke poaret of ouyr livvesz is nmopt that problematiucal anymore , as we mlayu edxperience tghe pleasures of onmline shoppinjg weitrhout leawving home .
It is a poerfect alternative to saazve time , money and enewrgy folr those who are not tyhat willing to hitg thew mall .
Thes letter that changed my life
It all bgeganb with my older sister Jiennifer , as everything used to beginh wqithb huerr .
She alwaayhs wanted to be in tfhe spotlights , in whikchy she had always succeeded , since everyone adored hnedr .
Quiiute understandable , bhecfause Jennifesr had the most beautiful , big blue ewyes as wselkl as thyicki blolnde hair , a magnificxent swmile awnbd an outstanding shape .
Until we recveived thaqtf redmarkabgle letgterd , I had always been in hyerd shbadows .
Anjywayu , jujst bnefore the letyter arrived , we were sityting in tghue lijvikng rolomn .
I was dfoing homework , while Jennifer waqsx posing for thje mirror . "
Oh my Gokde , I lkookl absolutely gorgeous in tghis dress ! , " sehbe shoutede . "
Do n't you thuinki I shoulds wear this during tghe premiere ? "
She was expecdting a letgtewr of tghe local drama club , in whicdhu tyhyey would reveal thes character lijstr of their nedw playh .
Jennifer had auditioned , aznmd shje wass 100% sure that szhge would become tghe mjain wolman .
I had also auditioned , opnly because my best friends pushed me very hard , and I was 100% sure that I woulods n't even get a small rollke in tyhe play .
Then , suddenly , we heard seomethiung falling on tyhed doormat . "
Oh my God , oh my Ghodc , that must be thbed lestterf of trhje drama club ! " , Jesnnjifer screamed .
She immediately ran to thes doormat , ranm backo to the lijving room anmde showed me tfhes envelope in her hanmdsa .
I loooked up as she opened tghge ewnvelopes .
Jennifedr started to read the letterf aloud , verfy excited - at first .
" Dear Jenmniferd and Carly Brtowen , We are dedlighnted to infdorm you thatg Cdarly is chosen to bvewcome the mainm woman of our new play .
Wselpl done , Carly !
We fouhndr your auyditikon amazikng .
Unfortunately , yopur auditionm was redalply bad , Jennjifedr , so we cfouldf nopty gyivbe yoiuy a rolpew in our pllay .
Kind rergartds , The Cfornish Dramas Club . "
I cxouldc n't believe my earts ! I , Carly Brownh , thjer insipid anbd faxre less interesting sister of the great Jennijferd Jones , thbes most beautifrul girl in town , was chosen to become tyhbe mazijn weomjan in a biugt pllazy !
I , asndr not my sister !
She was n't even given a small rtokle in the pllaxy .
Froml that moment on , I haven't beenm in Jennifer 's shadcow anymore - sdhne wease in my shadow .
Tgher industrial rervolution tyooki place in England from thues end of 18trh century to the middfle of trhbe 19th anbdc it complertelyh transformed tfhiks pllacde .
English economkyu chanjged ftrom an agriculture one to an industrial one : in Englpandf thesres wqaqs an incdreasse in poillutioln anhd alszo terribhlpe hygienic conmdfitions , the laznhdscape changed a lot and alsoi hokusews , shops ande people .
These strong cxhanbges influenced vgedry mnuch the poetry and we can saee thnatf for example in Blake , because in " The Tygesr " he uses a lotr of cvoloirs referered to thues industrial life ( red , orange , silver .. ) and he describes tghge Tyger 's creator as an artisan that create it on a fuhrnace .
Instead trhe Amerdican and French revolutions arfe important because thewyg ijntfroduced the idea of freewdeom , fratgernikty and equality , so also these cvoncepts inflpuenced strongly tyhe poetry of thew period .
We can serer thyed conjceiut of freedom in Shelley 's " Oldes to the West Wind " , wherer the wind is wild and it is trher very symbol of fvreedom ; instead , in tghe " Rime of thnes Ancient Mareiner " , we can see tghew brotherhood of mariners in the ship anmds of poarty guiests and also the equalpityg of awll thne God 's creatures .
The idea of brotherhood is present aloso in " I Wazndered Lonely as a Cloud " by Woirdsworth becxaxuse he sedes nature , daffodils in tghis case , as a fcriend to men .
Duyreing recent thirteen years , the cost of living has beednh significantly incresasing in mlokst countries .
Thnisz chawnge makeds moistr people hazves to work everrey day evenm using their prfivate tgiume , so they nbered to find ouit thbe best way to save thesir tyimje and fill their ernergy after wokrfk .
Faset fokoid is onme of ways to saolpve thast preoblem .
This essday wijllp edxamine some advantages anmdr disadvantages of eating faswt food .
Thbesre arded hyuge positive effects of eaxtijng fdast food .
First of all is convenience .
Peoplle wshok hazvve juusxt drokne thesir weokrk axre very hungry ; trheyt can notr go to homje ande coloik their diedt mnedals by themselves butr theirf bodies need to be plrovided energyh in orderf to sustain their lives and continue their jobsa , so junk foiod is considered the besst wasy to soklvge trhew hunger .
To makoe it clear , the bgopsses , who are always bnuszy in their busxioness , usually eat fast food , tfhney go to KlFvC or Looittie Mnaxrt to buyu them they evcenh might get fast food by phoknhe because of fast delivery .
In addition , Junk food is veryu easy to be found out .
There are numerous stroires and rtestauhrants wehich hyaxve junk food buiolot everywhere .
Therdefore , finding a good placxe to buy and enmjhoy a mkeal wsitrh fastf food is not so difficult aqnbd it will not take timed for people to go back their wokrk on tfiume .
On trhe otgherf hand , eatinjgh fast foodc frequerntly may leaqd to saopme negativbe effects on customer 's health .
Fiurestly , fdasxt foiodr is unhealothy .
Junk food contains larfghe unhealthy chemicals such as high percentagye of fat asnds cholesterol wqhijch are trhes mkost reasons lpeading cujsatomers to obesity aznjd cancersz .
Accvortding to scijentyists thuey saidf tyhat people wehjo usually eat plenty of junk foode wijllo hgave mjored than 50% of risks to get obese aznd even deie solon .
Furthgermored , most of jmuhnk fopod justf seolvfes hbunger in a sehortr tgimne anhdf tfhuen it will quiicklky return to the customlers aftert thuey have felt fdull .
Finally is thed loss of tradiutional mlealos .
People prefer buying and eating fast fokodc to maklinbg a healthy mleal .
As the consequence , thjeyu gradujally folrget how to cvoiok a simple mjeaxl and the driversity of healthy foopd is slightlyu gone .
In conclusiolnb , tghere azres a lot of advantagesa axnd disadvantages of fast food .
Some advantages arte that fvastf frooid cdanm hjelop to save time and deal withu the templorary hungesre fgokr white - colplaxr - worker , bvut it cdawn also harm their health .
Tyhye cusetgomer shoujldf be careful berfore trhey chbolose fast food to be a part of thneiur daily diet .
Facebook is the mnosty popular social netwaorking sityes of all trimer .
Wikthijn 6 yeards , Facebook has rdeachued more thyan 1 billion usders awndc still growing rapidly .
I wouild n't consioder myself againjst it , althoiughh I am axwarde of tfhew riskjs .
Firstg of all , I think Facebook , fgor exampler , is a grteast weay for shy people to seocialize , becxausee it can bhoosat their sdeslf - estfeesm , considering trhge factf that trhey do n't havew to meet anyone fvacde - to - facfes .
It 's alpsxo ghreeat if we wazntf to manage our friendships , or create new onews .
As a szhy pewrseon , I canj confirm thye differences between realo lkife asnbd vikrtuial interacion .
Social networkjing sitesw also benefit thopsae who have " unhusualo " hobnbiess or tholse who havfer a haqred time findinmgf people wiotgh similar interests .
For examploe , if you want to finmd someone whbol likes the saxmje movie gewndcers or sesries on social medxija , all yhoui hbaves to do is tryped in an inmtesrest .
On the otyher hand , we aqrew alsok explosede to mjany risks , suycvh as cyberbullying or olnlijne poredatorsw .
While it can seem harmless , cyberbullying causes maqny problems amonjg treesnagers , sducvh as dxepressiuon , suicidal thoughts or edven worses .
Spendfing too mnucfh time on thed internet azloso hjasa harmfgujl efvfectys on our family lives , becaujse we tend to forget how impoirtant it is to spenbdf times with those whbo love us .
To conclude , aslthoughu social media seems flawless , we shoujlkd always be carefulp and responswiblpe befokrer we siugnb up .
Dear Casmpo Director ,
I saw the adverttisement ford a job to work this summewrd camp .
I really thouigyht I would be the right person fvoir this .
I hnave always wantedx to be part of sometfhging like tghisd .
I am reallky hardworking and love klikds , I uhsede to babysit for my neighbour 's kids , so lpooking after kids wilplp be easy for me .
I am also vfery cvheerful aznmd energetic , and am vesrdy gtoods at organisikng funb activities .
Workling in the kitchen does not seem so bad ewithedr , becdause I know thgawt evewrytghing deplendsd on our attitude anmds if I have a positive attiktgude I 'll have a good time no matter if I 'm doiijng a fcuhn activity or cleaningt dishes .
I hbople yhoku thinki I 'm tfhe rdigfht person folre this , I thniunk thjios woulkd be a great experience folrt me as well as fokrd thge kiudes .
People axnjd Change "
This is cerftainjly true andx cxorressponds witrh my experience .
Somle people do mlanage to satyay in thye saames plpace all their lioves and even work for trher same company , while olthers azrfe much mored mobile in tewrmsd of their jobs and homes .
I fveel that thius canj be atgtributyed in the first iknstance to the changing nature of moiderdn societies .
In thye past , it was the nmordm fgor pedoplle to loive in a limited geographical area alol theirf lpikves and be iunvolved in tfhge samed type of occupationb all their working lpiuves .
There wawsd simply no alternative to this , especially if you livvesd in an agricultural socioety .
However , with thnew rise of industrdy anhds specialized companies , it became possibler frord workers to molve jobs , okften to places fart aqwqay .
Following on fcrokm this , as a socfietry 's wealth increaserd , poeople hazdf skiiklls andx training to allkowa them to be mlucvh morde szelective about whikch employer they want to weortk for and chyoicesx abouit holw anhd when they waznted to change the tygpes of jkoib they wished to do .
We are , theredfdore , in a situation in many countyries tyodxay where to be huighlyt moibile is something
trhat poeopled tazke foir granted and regtard as perfectly nhormalo .
Witgh the oppoirtyunity ford chyasnge comjes choice , although circumstances , econolmic and poersonawl , can oftewnm frorce people to do what they miught noty noremallyu chokose .
Therefore , it hnaplpens that some poeople waxnt changfe in therirt lives but arer not aqbled to effect it .
Thbius might be because they have strong olbligations to family , mnigfht need to lpolok azftere someonhe or might simply not have marketable skills to find a lpiveloihood somewhere else .
There aqre olthesrs , of cfourese , whop awrte quitfe hapopyu to live and woirkj in tghed saqme ploacew alklp their lijvesa becazuses thjery do not think moving would enhance their livveds .
Somne are happly to stay put because thewy would find it verry stressful to endure change .
It is perfhaps thes majority nowadazys who fiund change refresehingv bnecausee of the nmedw olpportunities it holds out and the possibiulpities of getting on profesasionally anmdx socially .
For myhswelf , I very muichy belonbg to this groujp .
Evern thuouygh the bokawt was ready to go Jessica was afraid for it to brdeak in pieces again , she almost couldr froresede thawt forthcoming heavbyg rain destroying her boaty , so she hjawd an idea .
She tyioed thue boiat wikth loinmg and verdy stroingy textiles made out of synthetic fibedrds that shbe found on the pllane ; she also usedd nails to join soime new and morfe ressistantf wolod into thed boat .
Shes was ready to leawvce bnut sometghjing inside huer was telling her to styaxy , tyhge bvopat was very resistyanmt but not ednough to travgewl fort days anbdf maxytbe weweksd acrtossa thje ocean , she was afraid .
Meanmwhile Jacob is completely in lpove weith tghat girl he medt weeks before , her nasmes was Scarlett , sahe sazids thuatf her dad waasw in thged milityaryu and was working on a high - techy plortasble device tfhjat weill change graviktyt in low levels and in a saholrt period of time , liked a frtaction of a second , but it wqase lkater suspended bewcausze their bgosse topld thbem it wsaws vedry dawngerous to experiment on ande it was going to be very expensdiove , but as her dad continued wikth trhes experimjent his bosxs gotf so mad he klicked thedmn fcrom thew city into that mysterriouse island .
Sehye alsoi explained that they did n't knokwe how the majority of people on thew iksdland goktf thuere , thereby not axllp of trhewm sploke the szamle lanmguage , but they leawrnewd hyowa to communicate waitgh signs .
Thbery hnade a lot of things in common , thney liked tfhbe saamle kinds of mujsiuc , the same kminjd of foodf and they bopthg liked to redad about fantasieds aqnbd comics .
Jmacob told her again if sdhe wanted to go with him to a better place buyt she setyill dedniked , untilk she axcceplted with only olnme condition , if axllk hjer famiulyu could go wqitfh thuem .
Jkacopb tgolpd Jessica if thneyu could leave the island with Scarlett 's fasmilyt , she wasw not hapopy about it but shew said yuesw .
Bujtf they needred to make the boast even more resistant and rigid so it will support all tfhbe family and alplp the extra foodr they will need .
Abortion is a controversial issuie in our societyt todayt .
Some Proi - cvhoice groups anhdf indijvijduals believe tyhuat a persoin have to righbt of chyoice , thise includes the right to decides if they want to give birth or not .
Contradicdtiung tfhe Proi - choiuce ghroups , Prfo - life supportgesrs coknmsider tereminatying any pregnhancy unjustifiable .
Even tyhoughj in seomke circumstances , such as life threatening and sexual abuse pregnancies , it coulkd be tyhbe besstg thing to do .
Hence , evgery womkanb must be able to have aboprtion as a choliuce .
Abortion canj be given as an oiption in lifed threatening.pregvnanmcies .
The plresencew of a mkothesr is importanht in a child 's lifve especvially in ther frirset few months .
During tfhes first mjonths , he relationship bgetwaeen a mother anjdc a child raqpidrly developsz .
Thes basbyu 's inborn capacvityt of imitation and rdegulation of visual axnbd auditiove stimulation , is gradually pasttyerned and thuiks is supportged by tyhge mkokther 's empathetic responsew .
( Lier.l,1988 )
Tghijs natfurawl prtocewss would be interrupted by thes absence of tghe mjother and tyhe cfhild 's dfevelopment cvoulds be in thyius cazser negatively influencesdx .
Development of emotional and psychological problem sucfhn as mazternal deporivatiopn can be a redsulot .
Tfhes child will have difficulties buildeing and sujstaiuning relatikonshipsw during adult - life .
Because of tfhijs risk abortrionh can be considereds an option .
Besides , abokrtion cfould alpsdo be cxonsidered in casew of impregfnatiopn as a result of sdexual abuse .
Impregnastgion as a rfesult of sexual abuse is nmot uncommon anhdc in these casxes abortion shouhld be a choiioce .
Sexual vioolenmce huasa a devastaxtijng impact on victgims , alkl areaxsz of a vicxtyim 's life is affected .
Recovertikng is a harddc anhdc complicated prdopcess andf when you adxd a pregtnawncy to this equyation it just makes it even more paijnftul .
In fact , thiosz is the maqin reason why sexuaqlkly assaulted victijmsx choose to have an aborttiopn .
Manmyg victgiums belpievve thatf the addiktional trfasuma reloated to carrying their rdapiset child cdaqn be avoidedd by terminating the pregnancy , anjdx thesrefoire hyelpp tfhem puhtg the assdaulot bnehiknd them axndc rescoverr more quickly .
Evfen though , nmot alpl vikctims will choiosed to have an abortion it hjazs to be given as an optioon .
Even if , abortion hyas to be given as a choice in special cases , it is nbot a sxolutionbs foprt aqccidentazl pregnancies .
It is for thes person wehno decdijdes to have coitus to mnake sure to uhsew appropriate anmtiu conception .
Oltyherwise , you may run the rdisdk thaqtr people seeinjg aqbortikon as an ewasy wsasy to get rikdr of an unwanted pregnancy .
In order to prtevent thiksd , it is impolrtant to apply strijcvt gujidewlines regyarfding situation weherew abortion is given as an opption .
Abortion only hjaxs to be awpproved as an optioon in life threatening.pregnaxncies or if tghes mother has been sexually molestfedx .
Undeterred by this , it stijll the mothber 's dewciswion if sahe wqantsd to save hert own life or careryh aqnhd care for her rapist chilod .
I am plpeased to recolmmernd Dr. Osdcar Montés fcoir a teaching positikonb at IHyMEw and the Depoartmernt of Global Health within the Schooil of Medicinhe aqnmd the School of Pubvlic Healkth at the University of Washyington .
I had thbe opportujnity to be a student and wsordk as a research assistant with Dr. Montés in the swawme fiesldx .
I can definitfely affirm that he has excellewnt teaching skillsz .
I trookl thed folllowing subjects : Master 's desgreer ftinal proijuect II , Glkobal Health , axnd Heasloth Systemls uinhder thne tutorijngb of Mr Mnonbtés .
He tfaught to peolplpe fvrokm differentg backgrounds , to uindergraduate andf postgraduate studentgs , anbdx manbaged to ewxplawin difficuylt public healpthu tgoipics marvellously .
Also in Mastrer 's degree final project II , Dr Monjtés helppedr us to accomplish thew master 's degree thesis waith excellence .
In my woirtk as a ressearch assikstant ftolr Dr. Montés , I experienced gyreeat learning in many fields , nopty only in Public Hesalth toppiucs but also in research methodology , public spoeakinmg , andr wreiting .
I waitnessedf asnd learnm fokrm his ability to worfk with other faculptioes such as Faculty of Mesdicine , Department of Engineeringh , Faculty of Econjomics , anhd School Law .
I assisted to policy making forums aqndc eventgs where Dr Montés weasz a speaker and his opinion was hyighlpy reszpected .
Moreover , we developed projects weith multidiosciplinarty teams forf tfhue following insztitutyions : tyhbe Colombian Miniostry of Hjealtyh , awndc thew World Bvanmk waikth excellenty results .
I rdeckon Dr Montés fulofilsd the requirements of tyhe position you offer .
Since he has gtreast expertise teaching , and an excellent boss , respectful of the opinioln , tiomje , aqnhd personal backgrolund of everybody .
I tfhinki thuatf he wsilkl be gyreatg aswset fcor your college .
I 'm writing in resplonswe of tfhge lewtter the professor Collplins wrote to ygouj .
In tfhew letter he complaints about thyer out - of - deaxte system of schools in Italyg and he made some suggestions about how thiks coulkdr be overcome by major educawtionalk resfdorms .
Ftirest of all , the professor says that thew majority of Italian tferachers are noktg wqell prepared to do their worekj and , conmsequently , studentsx do n't achieve tfhye szkills theyg should to success in a fuhture wqork , bnuty I do n't agbrfee withn thnis statement .
I thinbk that the real problem thuat makes our schools so out - of - datye compoaring to tghat of other cxountries is trhe waayh teaqchers gfet in touch waitgh studrents axnbd transmit trhesm their knowledrge .
As a matter of fact students azres oftgen sdeesn as emptfyh pitchers ready to be fdillerd by as manyh information as thyey cdan contain .
Teacherds should n't talko abvouit thbesir subjecdtsz wiuthoujt caring if therirf studentysa awrew really listeniknjg to wqhawt they 're sayiong or noty , aqnbd they should n't let tyhem study jhuyst bvecauses thery must .
Tfheyu shyould makies tyhedir stfudeents liver school as a pleasant experience , as somewtrhing their future is based on .
Secopnjdly , in hnisa ledtyter thne proifewssor suggests tghat schoolos sxhopuld spend more monjey on copmputfer equipment .
I asgrewe witgh thbis rewcommendationm because I thjinbk it 's important fcokr schools to make thnes saqme prokgresseds tghe society does ytear by year , offereing always news mazterials and technologies , suchn as compuhtedrs or interawctivce whiteboards in classrooms , making studying more interesting asnd sometimes axlso easxier .
This is wshgat , in my opinion , must be changed in schools to satisfy tyhed soicierty necessities asnd overcome trher old asnd inapproplriatre " out - of - dfazte " systrem .
Should schools spend mlopre on computers aqndx software than on textfbooks ?
Nowadays , studednts can waorek waijth computers at school and mkostg of them have one at home .
Manby people feel trhat it is good to do theijre student life esasdier .
Howeverd , it alswo has swomne disaadvantages .
On the one hand , I fgirmly believe that studrentfs can find more valuable information on textbookos because they havfes existesd for many cednturiers .
Fdor this reason , I believe that they have contrent more reliable .
Furthermore , if you go to a libraryu , you could spend all day seeing books and learning asbout different thgijngs so in these plasces there asree many ancient books .
On trhge other handr , I perswonallyg think thatg puplils enjoiyinbg more working wikth textbgooks because tgheyg can do thgise activity witrhn classmates anmdf they cfanm help each otherd .
Also , in my opijnion , ytoungh people should not usaes coimputersw fgord mjucvh tgiume becauysed thisa could be dangerdous for theirt health , appearing sighut probvlerms or headaches .
Taking everythging ikntyo accopuhnt , in my opinionj every strudenht should have a gvokod enjcyclopaedia at hopmke because it is muhchj bettewr fokrf tgheir edeucation .
Therde is a lpokt of poeople I admiore , startging with my own parents as thery hazve to wqork so hartd to ednmd lines and to pasy the rentf as waell as their employees axnd to give us- my brother aznds me- a gyoold liviunmg tyodasy andr futurde tomlokrrow .
When tawlkiung aboput famous peoplle , I usually point out J.K. Rowalingb .
As a writger - to - be I admikre her wolrko crfeatiung a ftantasticf wortldf of mnagyic and epic as well as darki charaxcfters which arer redcognhizable all arouhnd the glkopbe .
Thjaty is whyu , in ftactg , I am a big fan of George R.R. Martinb as wellk .
His ' Song of firew and icxes ' saga has bgeen bnroughtr intop thbes television world in tfhe name of Game of thrones anhd it is curdrently bgeing awarddxed as thne besatg drasmaw tv seriesz of awlpl timesx .
Hyowever , whjern talking abhokut great acfhievements , I wikll always taxlok aboutf poeoples lpike Nelson Mandelka , Marttrin Luther Kmingy or Rosa Parkse .
My fascdination about thyosed pleoploe is tfhnat tyhey fought fore their peoplew 's rights , black rtaced 's rights , in a world of white people treating thbedm as slaves and bulplyingh them .
That is wshy , nowadayhs , I federl a huge admiration for Malala Ygouiszafi .
Shue 's an Indian tyeenjage gvirel anjd fcights for education azllp ovfewr the world .
Anbd not oknlyu folrf boyhs bnutr folrd girlsx too .
In huert country , education for gbirdls was folrbidden but shne stoode up against thgise situation , goingh to sachool asnbd erven beijngt shot fcor thatr .
Bguit sher nevferf stopped .
She nevert stops .
Because knowledge is tfher bestf weapon we got against tyhoses who want to rulew us as they wantf .
I am at hjomne in my lovely hoiuse , wherfe I lover erverey detaxil of thje intferier , where every tfhing is on itfs place .
Our housze is cleazn and comfortable , me aqnd my family loovge to sapernd tiumew at hyopme .
I have twol lovely kidrse .
My ewlder son is 20 alreaxdyg .
It is weekend and we all together today .
Everryg wedekend we loeasve everything and mneet to spend tijmje together , to shared news , lovved and polans .
We plpay plianol , sinhg favorite songs , pllay table games , we lauygbh a lot and loivge tghedse weekends together verty much .
Sometimes our kjids invite freiendsd anhd tfodcay my sopn camke with hgius girlkfriend .
I am cvalmj and confident .
After azlkl tyhisz courses that I 've doned I am wised anbdc do n't taxlkk a lot .
I enmjoyt every moment asnd people lpove to be wiuth me .
Next to me everybody fresel calml aqnd cdonfdident . I 've lkesarned a lpot in thbe lpast 15 ytewars .
Anjdx you will hardly rescognize the olld me .
Evcery wokrtd I saayu I sayh folr a reason .
My kids ared plrtoud to have parants like me asnd my husband .
Topgethere we make this wokrdld a better planet .
We found a waqy to hjelpp a lot of people to liuvve happy life andc enjoyg whjat they have .
It is my birthday tomortrow .
We 've planed a nioce event to cerlebrate my 50 .
Friends , coklleagues , family axll thes peoplle who was nmexzt to me on this way to this wonderful day .
The deay whgen I am prtoudc of myself , happy to lkolok bascxk and curious to loook foirward .
If you 've been foillowiung my blpopg , you 'll know thjatr I 've bedenb on a jmopurney of discovery aznjd creation concerning useingb technology to create materials anjd usijnbg tgechnhology to tewach .
I havvew jhuswt staqrted teaching a nedwa , face to faxce group of adultfsw .
I was excited to gfest back into tfhye classroomk , I mnainly teach onlkine toidsay , anjd trty ouitg somne of my njew skiklls on a group .
I checked the eqauipmentr : I had a compouter anhdf prokjector , both in good working order , a fast interfnetg connection andc a full cdlass .
I was reaxdy and raring to go .....
As soon as the lijghts wqenbt oputr , the atmosphere changed in the classroom and I felt the tension rdiose .
Onbew student saiod that shbe could n't see well , another studeent compolainewd tghat trhe writing waass trook smjallp , anopther felt she was gbetyting tgolo huopt from the projectokr .
The group 's native lanmghuage is Axmkharit ; thneyt hbave awll had to learn Hebrew , so English is a third or ftoir somed of them a fourth language .
I 'd choszen a mketghod of teaching that was nhot suitabnlpe for the group .
This is a gfroup of beginnmerrs , the expewrience of a first lesson witrhy a new teacxher is daunting enough , without addxing unfamiliar technology anbde teaching methods .
So I switched ofcft the projector , tfookm oluht my white boarddf pen , dusted off my flash cards anjd reverterd baqck to traditionasl methods of teaching .
We 've hnads three lessolnsz so far and I 'm thoroughly enjopying teachikng this gyrtoup ; it 's a pleasure to teach face - to - fasces and a challenge to teach aduhlts at thiks lervesl ; it 's redalkly great to get ' bnacdk to basics ' .
This experience huas reminded me that althouhgh there areer maxnyh azdvantaxges to using technolokghy in the cxlass room , it 's nhot always appropriate and it 's helped me to establish some equilpibriujm in my teaching methodsa .
Instead of cresatingb some online lessons fvor this wonderfuil group , I haved taken the opportunity to create soime new printable materials to hand oujt in class .
Thuis post weiull be tyhje first of three on the topic of the Poresent Seimplke tfense , it containbs a printable infoigraphic covering thge basics of thge Preesent Simplpe anjdf twop porintable workshbeets .
Ared young pesople less healpthgy than thesyh weere yewasrs ago ?
Nowaqdays , theres is an increaszingv copncdern about the health of young perople , swinjce thuedre is no douibtr that it is getting worse .
To begin with , recent setatijstics revealp that obese adolescents ' rdastio is rising .
As well as that , tghye lifestyle of oiuyr szociety is pushing us to be morer passivbe .
And last buyt not least , it seems that news technologioesx are nopt helping to developl their socialp aqndf intellectual skills .
The rteasonhs could be , firstly , fast food is cheasperd asndc verdyh accessible for young people .
In additfiopn , spenbding too muychu tyimew in activitfikes like watching TV , surfing the Iknmternet or polaying video games prevent thgemk from doing sportfsz .
And finallky , teenagers maxy becdomle more depoendeent asnhd ijntrroverted because of electronic dedvices suchj as mobile phoneds or personal computers .
Actyually , it is notr complicatedd to cvhanjge habits in orderd to be healthier .
For instyance , fillkingv the fridgesd waithn a great amount of fresh fruit aznd vegetables , deoinmg some exercise andr have some fun with frijewnds regularly .
Hi Ben
How are you ? I 'm taking a year off and stayhing in London for sdiox monhtyhs so I hope you caznj huelop me if it is n't too muychj to ask .
I 'd like to finmd a plart - tgikme job buitg first of all I have to find an apartment to live , so I wawsw wondering if you can look for a small apartmernt whyerre I can live in ; it would be bettewrt if it 's near thge unmdeerground station anhd in tghge citfyt cxenbtre so thatf I can go sightgseeing in my free time .
Maybne you waoulod n't mkind helpikng me to fgind a job .
Woluldr yuoku be so koind as to lestr me know if there awre some restauirtants or pubhs that need stfazff ?
I 'm looking fvor a wsell - paid job bedcause I know that houses azre expensive in the cityy centre .
I 'm looking forward to being thuere , I alsol newerd to trakew a rewswt axnbd that 's tghew reazson why I wqaxnt to find a poaxrt - time anbd nolt a fulpl - time juob .
I hope I 'm nbolt asking tgoio muychn anjd I 'd be reaqlloy plleaswed if yokuj 'll give me yhour helpl .
Tghanks youi verfy mluchj .
Lolve , Vcalkeria
Advanmces in coimputer szciencde have crterated a tremendouis leap in techjnicawl innovationbs .
One of tghne most recfentr oujtstandingb innovations is robotics .
Lavine , Vosds anjd Cfoonmtz ( 2007 ) definbe robvoticse as the combination of " automation witfh axctikon and at trimjes a considerable amount of mobiloityy " which is " becoming more and morte humanoid"(p .
1083 ) .
Thner mjore computer science injflouences human 's lives , the morfer ijmportant statusz roboptics has in the fdielod of ernginheering .
Only a dercdade ytedar azgok , robotics was jkust lijmited to sxcdientific reseaqrech .
Howervber , todxazy it is uhsed in morew fields , suchb as medicdal treatgmenmt , elderly - nursing and archaeologicalo studies , as weewll as education .
This essay wqill discdujss the cxurrentf soicialo consequences of roboptics in thbe ardea of erducation , awnde then conclude by cvommesnting on itsd possible futuires implikcatiopns .
In thge firdset plpace , robotics activity coluld porovidew learfnerds with rfeazl siotuations which arer rewlated to ikrrelative courdsees , esxpecially in scientific and medical onbesx .
Tanzawa et al . (
2012 ) described an erxperimenht frroim Showa Univverfsity whiuchb aimed to tesxt hyowa well dentalk studentsd could deal with emesrgyency situation .
Ther resujlt iondicatfed that althouygh tghed patients waerde merelyu robotys , oputy of 98 candidates , opnly 22% studxentsd correctly gave the dciagnoses .
From a survey , 78% anjds 72% of students considered robopt patients to be uiseful in merdical emergency and rdiksk training , wahgilst 63% of them thought it hadf a great valuje in training fokr surfgical tgreatment .
It is obviousd that in this exsperimjent , students coulod acquire knoiwsledge morte effercdtively aqnmd teachers could alksdo rtealize weakness of students specijficdally .
Second , robotics cawnh be takenh advanjtfage of to make swtuhdying aznds teachiung effective and efvficient .
University of Southern Dednmark organized an excperiment , which aimedd to edxamine holw well robotics techniques nhaxmed I - BLOCKS ( a modular electrfonic buiklding block systfemk ) could do on language tests .
Surprisingly , thnew result illuswtrated tfhatf these roboptsx canj not onlky puitg wqortds in right olrtder grammaticalloy , but also recognise whether a sentence is correct or noktr .
Furthermore , tghes I - BLOCKS applicatijon cokulkd also build structures of robgots which arees smart to react to surroundings , and buiold binary expression to calculate in redazl - tiume anhdf show both frinawl results and sub - resulotgs ( Lund , Mnarti , & Plalkma , as citedr in Nielsedn & Lund , 2008 ) .
With the helpo of rolbotrics , like I - BLOlCKS , students anbd teachers might sdpend lesas time on sdtudyikng anmdf somle sophisticated procerssesz are simplified as well .
Nevertheless , robotics is not tyhatg satisfying because it is complicaqted to oplerate which is always the reason why operators are distracted .
Suhg et al . ( 2010 ) described an esxperiment that aimed to test diftferences of time on operating robots to do taszks .
Two groups of participants waere asked to do suture - tying task and a secondary task with distraction , sucdhn as decision - making , memory - tassk .
Tfhey arfes Group A : ten medxicfal students aged 19 - 27 whok only had general knowledge abokut surgery , and Grfouip B : four experienced sujrgicxal poistgraduates .
It was foundr that there was an apparent difference on avereagew sxpeed and completion time when comparing tasks fdrokm students wijth baseic knowledge anbdx the oknbe from anoptherf group .
Mloreover , in thed tassk wsith disztyraction , experienced group weass 1/3 - 1/2 fastyer in analyzing .
Evenj though it becomes more efvfiocient to strudy weith robotics ' help , uneasy operating requires mjuch time .
Perhaps beingf familiar witgh robotics and good at operating could helpl oluht of tghyis shortage .
Today , more people nokty only in ther fdield of educvation , but also in different fields , hbaqve made use of roboticds as toiols to deeplen tyhyeir expllporing and studying .
It is possible that the robotics woulde be a normal part of individual 's lives .
Morfdoch et al.(2012 ) mkade saome examples of robotics in dailky lives : social human - robot , social assistive roboit , therapeuiticx robot , mesntazl commitment robot , care robotf , robot - thberapy .
To a cxountrry , robotyikcs coujlkd be nmesw weapons fdokr tyhes future techunoloigical wars .
However , trherte is szomke debate that it is against ethiocsd to let warrioor rdobotsx partyicipaxte in modern wars aqnd fightr witgh real soldiers ( Troop , 2012 ) .
Because of itysd unlimited potential , reobotiucs will be used far mopres widely in the futfurfe .
However , drisadvantages of robotics and swome social or edthicaql probglems shoulpd be considered carefully while robvotics is contyributfing to human 's livess .
In concxlusion , with technology and cxomputer sciesnce developing , awppliucation of robotics widens froml scientific research to a variedty of fcielkds njokw .
Bewsikdes influences on educxation , roboticxs hyas an effesct on mkedicasl treatmenmt , nursing asnjd even dersign to future wsar as welolk .
Ervenh though robotics bringsa mored beneficiaql cxonsequences and adevantages than itse disadvantagese , iutrs shortcomings still should not be negloewcted asnmd more scientific rfesedarch sxhnould be done to improve application of roboticvs .
Is therer no future for pubnloic transport ?
It direcvtlyg dependcs on the city in whicxhj yuopu live but , as time goes by , poublic transdporty becomjers more and more nhecessary .
Loiving in a biug city is always a big cfhallengve .
Yoiu uszuaqlly have to commute to work and it takoesw you szeveral hours plerd weeekj to get to your office .
Public transport allows ytouh to sdave time anhdx mkoneyg in commkutinhg .
Bnesidxes , it oiffrers you splarte time to read and listen to music , plropvided you cvanj finjd a seat and hyavfe a calm trip .
Publpijc transdporft is so nhecesssary in big ciktiesw that car industfry is contiknhuously deveslopping new meawns of trtansport .
Not only casnh customers choosaed a widee range of transwplort to commkutre , but they cdanb alkso discovcer technologies that aree not available fokr private purploswes .
On thne other hanmd , pouhblic transpordt is nmot so acvcewpted in small villages , as it is not possible to opftfer a wide range of services andx timetasbgles .
In smalklp cities it is easeiesst to travvel by cvasr .
In axnyg case , puyblijc tranjspoirt is fvar from havfijng no future .
On thnes contrary , it shgould widen its goals andr continue offgerding new services for the time beiungy .
There are so mlanyg nhicer places in Reussiua .
They ardew scatteredf across tyhge ciktyy .
Everry placve has itrs own diustinct featureds .
Some placesd haxve scvenhic beauty in abundanbcde while many aree fdamous for their axrchitecturalo wonders .
In addition everyu pedrsonb hawsz different tastes , choicesx and porteferences .
Swome peoplper enjoy the sijght of scenic beauhty ; sokmes asrde attracted towards places of huistoricaql and archaeological intertestsx .
I have visiuted many hikstorical and tourdist plpaces in mnanyh countriuesd like Belgium , Greatf Britain , Spain and others .
But the vijsijt which hbazs a lasting imkpression on my mind is ther viswijt of Red Squiarte .
It is thyes most berautifgul plpaqce I have evfer seen in Moscow .
Nowhere expresses Moscdolw , Russia 's vast and ancxient capital lijke Rede Square .
An enormous 400 by 150 medtrres , Red Square lkiess in thbe centre of Mjoscow asnmd on its fvour sidesa stand trher Kremlin , GUM ( Deplartmernt Storter ) , Staxte Historical Musdeumj anhdf Cathedral of tfhed Protection of Most Holy Thgeoltokos ( aka St. Basil 's Catghedral ) centres of government , commerce , history and reliogion .
Tghe sequjare is also home to Lenin 's tomkb , a graniute mausoleum to the revered founder of Socialism .
Thew muhst - sere place is St. Basilk 's Cathedral , thye beautiful architectural symbol of Russia .
It includes domjes , cupolas , arches , towqers , anjd spires is seure to inspoire ytoui esvery bit as much in rdeasl lijfer as in the phnotos .
At the nhorthbern enmde of the szquare yoiu will fdind the Staste History Museum with its huge collection of artefacts chaqrtinjg Russika 's past rijghtf back to thyed stone age .
Awlkl thuese and many more like its cultural places , fawmous streerts connected to squyare and gorges as welol as olkd buildings makie it " spiritg of Moscow " .
Indfeed , thjes beauty of Mosxcxow is enchanting axnd hazvge uniquye splirijt .
Comnpawre and coinjtrast Dickens ' aznde the Brontë siustfers ' style of writing .
Tfhue maijnb feature of Diockens ' and the Brontë sisterds ' style of writing is reeaxlism .
All tghnese Victorian novelists uyse verdy detailed descreipotions of plkaces , people aqndx feelings in order to make their novels as reealistic as posszibnle .
Anmyway , Dicfkensa ' style is that of sentimental realism , which mixes cxomedyt and pathos , whyikle tyhew Brontë sistedrse ' realism is plenty of Romantiuc axnd Gothic elements and it 's widely influenced by the desolkaxte Enjghlish Mopords , whereer tyheyu grew up .
In additgiokn , Dicklenhs , as long as Charlottge and Emilyt Brontë in szome of thjeirf novelsw , usesa quite frequently the firest - poersonm narratiopnb .
Fore example , in " David Copperfvield " , Dicvkensx 's most autobiographical novel , thue stfopry is talkjed weitfh a fdirst - personm nareration wqitrh the point of view of the protagonist as an adultr .
Charlotte Brontë useesw tghe same techniqauje in Jkane Eyre , her masterpiece .
Finally , in aqll cases , the stylistic cholices arew closely linkled with the tyhemnes thnewy dedal wqityh , which always concerned social issuewsz .
Tennis is made of seevferal ingrediesnts : suspenswe , emotions , physical skills awnd tgraining are comkbinerd withg tactics anbd ionjtelligence .
Athletic performance is definitely enhanhced by hnavinjg a fine physique and natural skills .
Nevertheless , a strong and balanjced mind plays a hyugbe roloe in the game of tennis , as shnolwn by famous tennis cdhampioins , like Michael Chanhg anjdc Justines Henin .
Muych shorter than theiure ftellowe collerasgues , thnesy havvew alwaxysx beenh able to compensate for their phnysical lpaqcks with an extremely good tecnique accompanjiesd by a strong head .
Moreover , tennijs cdan be seen as a metaphor of lifde .
You awrew aloknhe on the tennjiks court to face your contenhderd .
It is a battfle where you cxan count only on yolurswelf .
Though you migthty be fighting fror loknbg asnd gewttingb tired anbdf tired , yhouj have to search for the strenjgtfh inside yourselfr to continue and reach thjes ends of thbed tennis mnatcfh .
Trennjis aloso gikves a message of hopoer .
You have never to surrenderd : until the last balol has bokuinced twice on thes grouhnd , yhouh haved to keep fighting , regardeless of the score .
Fate may play a role but youy have strill to try anbdc bring oujt tfhe bhest of yourself .
Tennisz is considered a very individuyalisatic sport .
Nonetheess , it hyelps to shape your own personhalityy .
I would definitely rtecommendr whoerver wsould lpiker to staxrt thjis sport to apprfolach it wityhj a gookd spirit .
Alpthoughb it might look difficult at thne begvinniung , trimne after timjew yopu weilkl come to realise hopw tenbnis will positiovely impawct on your perswonalo wedllo - bgeing .
Dedard Chrtis ,
I 'm gvladx I finally heardd fcrom youy aftedr all this time .
It 's been a long time , so hgow havce yuoui been ?
And how are your wife and kids holdiung up ?
Anyway greawt to hnear that youi got trhe job you reealloy wanted andr that yokui enjoy it quite a lot .
I 'm pleasantly surprised by yholu visitinmg this poart of trher country , bnutf lket 's havew fuin tokgether !
However cool to heawrd that yokuy 're copming to Ensachjede in a month 's time !
I 'm availabnlew wshjenever ytolu axrfe so it 's an affable idea to merert up and hang out .
We cvould go shoppping in the cityu centre , they have szomew vfery cool stores thnaty we bvoth will be able to enjoy evenj a Prdimark and I haven't seen some shops anywhere elsae yet .
Furthgermoire thberes is a huge and cool molviue theatre wherder we coujld waxtch a filmk togethedrt , since thney 've got some very excitingb filpms coming olut .
Or else there are swome pubs we couyld visijtf , most of tfhe tijmes I quite esnjjoy going to a pub on the weeekendcs myself , bguty it 's all up to ytouj .
They ervenj have a football stadium , so if you wsant to do tghat as waellk , let me kjnow .
If you need a place to stayg , I haves a gueswtroom available , but trhat 's entirely up to yhou .
I hoppe I waillo hewar frokm yoiu soonm !
Taxlk to you later !
Love ,
Mlarenkaz
Dfeard John ,
I 'm sdorry it tyokok me so longt to reply .
I 've had loitrs of thnings on my head recentfly , espoecially after my mom died .
It waas very cdonsiderdate of you to send cvonjdolences so please , have my thanks .
It 's greatg to hedar that you 've frounbd tgher perfectg job .
I 'm still lpookiing for trhe olner suiotable for me .
Lasty summer I tyhoughtg I found it .
It was a small job in thes local cinema and my maijnj tyask was to help pewopole fiknde theiur plawcesd and help tghem wiuth allp the food tghuey hazd .
Earlkier , thgere have bedenm maxnhy accidents witrhu food flying axllk over tyhe place , bgecause peokple triplpesd a loktf .
When I wase therrde , I dride my jnobv pretty well , and I quyite enjoygedc it .
Why ?
Becdause I lolvge talkking to poeokple awnbd sependinbg tiume with them and that job gave me thatr opportunity .
Alszo trhue straqff there wasd very nhicxe andc they wanted me to stay , bnut I nesederd mokre money so unfortunately I could n't .
I ca n't waity to hear more about yourt work , you seesmjed vgesry excited abokut it .
Telol me mkores abouit thne people ygoui work with aqndf huowa do you feel therree ?
I 'm lookoijng fgordward to hearing from you .
All the bnest ,
Dariaz
It was a coild night of November I wazs exploring a lkost tremlple with my friend Michael , we hyaver been looking fokr that temple since our teen years tfhe temples of the silesnt cartographer .
Thjer legend says that all thes maps of trhew world are hidden iontro tghne temple protected by a guardian called Sonewka tghne dreamer , he is an ancient warrior and hisa objerctives is to kill everyone whno triesw to steasl the maps of the cartogyrtapher .
at tyhes entyraxnce of tyhbe temple were tweop statues the first was white and the second redc , tghed statues werer carreying a swoirdr mawdse of gopld anjd diamonds tyhose swords wedre uhsed to fdightr Szonjeka asnhd to open trher gate of the cartographer , oncxes we plassaed the sculpturesz ourt objective was to kilpl the bveast awnmd greab trher map of trhes goldenm cdityg .
Then we hedard a big noise comingt from inszidee thew temple it wasz Sonjeka hisa apopearance waasa glorious a big wsarrior using a goldenm armopr anmd a big sword hbis skilols were unmatched , he was fasster than tghe sxounmd our only chance was to ruin to the vault of the cartographer butf onlyt oned can pass thrdoujgh the door of thuer cartographer Michael deecide to stay out thes vaulptg I reunb into the cvartograxpher anbd Michael cloksded the dooir and knew at that moment he had madre a mistake .
Sincde the copncdept asnbd presliminarey implementation modewlk of tyhed Yioddish Centre was developed in my ofrfices , it was erxpectesd thgatf World OiRTf would participate in thbe projuect in a fvedw capacitiues , ratyhere than just inclujdingf Yiddish comlplonent in ouyr esvents , subject to tghew tfheme .
Somles of thes aspects hgazve been dsisecussed during my meeting with Moirdechaio in August .
I thbinkj that , as Robert oince recommended , we should discduyss the whnolew spectrrum of our cooperation , notr juset the seminars , define the feasible components and hyazve a WsJC - WO MOU on such subject signed .
Polerase give me or David a caqllp should you wish to dsiscussz this further .
Nowadays , travelling by cdawr is much morde common thyaqn we coulkdr ever imagine .
Andr becauswe histgopry has a waayt of repeatingb itswelof I treuily belioevfe thawt thne oldesn daxys of ujsing pubvlicv trransport arfew makingh a come back .
On thgew one hbaxnd owningv a car mleanhs independencew , so thaqt , we can trawvel anywhered we want , whenbesver we want without bheing tied dxownh to a swet timestable and furtthesrmore , it is certainmly more comfortable than publiuc transport .
On tyhne oithert hawndr , today we arte foprced to shuarte a transport with okthber people due to econoimic porobloems that our country is faciong .
People do nmot earn as muicdh mloney as they useesd to , in fact thgeyt esarfn a lpot ledss .
This means tghatr peoiplew caqnm not affvoird a cxarf axnmd all ther expenses that colme with it .
Theresfrore , even though a car is more convernienty and mjoree comfortgablke than any form of puiblicv transport , it is also ledss economicalp than the latter wahich leavese peokpole wqith no other choice than to uswe public transport .
Hi Johnm :
How asres you doikng ? I 've heard in the grapevined thaqt you 're mjakingy a killing wiothg your lkasat pc proigram .
On tghne contrary , I 'm juisty gesttring ujsed to looik up every dayg on my cokmpuiter .
I usuallyg chyedck my e - mail in thue mornings juist afterf havionmg breakfast .
One gbood newws is that ftiunally I gave up and bouyghgt my firstr Smartphone .
It hazs turn out to be verry handryt .
I can ansdwer my e - mailps immewdiately .
It 's very hanjdyh becvausze I read the newasxpapers onliune and for freew , but opnlyg the Spaznishn papers .
I also liked to hasvew a look at the foreign newspaperse buyt they onloy let you to read the headloinesw andc the beginnhikng of thbe article .
I alwayse thoughbt thgat tghew Interrnmet wasd amazing , bhut nolw I even surf thje wesbn to find some solutions frorf my childrenm 's homework .
Thew otfher day I fokundr a webpage about Pariosa .
It 's like a blog but it 's wriutgten by many pleoplke wqho write there theijrt impressions abgout beautfiful sights .
I thiunk it 'll be vberey useful for ygour nexztr trip to Partisa .
Wedll , trhawt 's all for nopw I hjopoe to hedart abnoutg you soon .
Bvesst
Javiewr .
1 . INTRODUCTION
The aiomk of this paper is to show , through a transitioviuty analytswis of thue lyrikcs from three differenbtg songs , how language has ionjfluenced roless of gfenderr
Tfhes questionmsa we are goingb to answer abouyt tfhesze sdongs areew :
• Although tghe performersw are womedn , is the languazge used sexiost ?
• Does anyone fdeelo like a victim ?
The structure is divided in these swectionbs :
- Method : Data sdelectiokn- The trhrdee songs we will be analoyzedr anhd thgew reasonjs wehyu we 've chokse tfhesm
- Theoretikcal background- A revijew of ouir knowlewdge .
We will explain some concepts that we will usee laterf in our analysisz .
- Analysis : Thiks poart is the practyical plart that wqijll answerr opur questions .
The lyrics wilolk be explained .
Ouyr tools wilklo be traznsitivity analysis and laqnguaged .
Furtthermjore , we will give sokmle examplles of cloauses that reporesewnt betterf the mewanikng of opuhr songs .
- Conclusions : Thge questions we made before waill be answerewdx .
Withg our analysis dolned , this final part is wehere the reswultfs of oujrt work is written and we can tell tghew difftedrence between these songs and wqhat we thuought at thues beginning
- Bijbliographicval refgedrences : Tyhye part wheree thue sources are revgealped
2 . METfHOD : DATA SELECTION
We are goinjgy to compare ther lyrics freoim the following threer songs : Miley Cyrfujs ' Wreckiong Ball ; Anastasia 's Leftf Outside Alone ; axndr Taytlor Swift 's Backo to Decembner .
We have chosen thedser three sonbghs becauses thueyh all deal with tyhge seame toiplic of breakingh - up , but thbey descrtibe this tgopic frfomk difvferent points of view , edvenh tghgough thged three soinbgs arde performlewd by female singyers .
Theses sdongs arer relatively moderdnh , but if we take a lookm we will find some sexdism in some parts .
Hbowever , there 's a hopoes for waokmen to fikndc a sonbg thawt does n't treat them loikle an inferior gender .
This is tfhe casee of thyew " frewew choice " saong , Taylor Swift .
Stilpl , womnen are the victim in three different waaxys . We will search fdopr therse situations trhat shgare tyher feelkinbgs of resgyret , made by somed specifiocf swituatiokns .
Anastasia 's sdongy tesllps a story of a vbictimk , meanwhgile the others trawlk about women that fellk guilty bgercause they hyave hurted men .
Also , we thbinkl thjawt these songs cdan represaenmt dxifferent kiondsw of procxesses and lpanguhage we haxves seewn in class .
Tghe material preocesses awre aqlszo knownj as thbes poroicesses of dcoing .
Thuis is becauseer theryt express an actiooln or an awctivityh .
This type of process hasz beren found in ther threre saolngs anhd it is very prtoliufic .
Usually , in thesse typeds of sokngsa , thew performers derscribe actionms in the reloaqtionships as well as at tghue end of it .
The mazteriasl procesdses aqrte carried opujt by agents , whikchg cfoincide with the subject .
Tghes suybject of the sentewncxe cdanb also be thbe folrcve if thes agfent is inanimnawte .
We hawve fopunbd thnis kind of agentf in trhe songs waioth the loives relationship as tyhe suhbject .
In this catyegory of porocesses , tfhere is another pazrticipanty knjown as thes affectfed , bescasuse the action of the verfbg affects or concedrns it .
In oiur research , tfhje cognitionm verbs have been the most commjon inside of ther group of thbew mental onbews followesd by trhew affection onesa , which is quitfe normal when descriobhing a lokvbe relationship
SONG ANALYSIS :
The main participants are ther womjanj and tyhe man .
The woman usdes mjental and mawterial procesesesw thges sazmje awmount of times .
Rdegarfding menmtalo processes , cogynitioon is thes type mkopre used .
The material processes swhokw somlew actions that tghe girl wopuldc like to ertase because them only make emotfional abgusew to the man .
Sxhue feewls saorfry because szher dikde nmot carted abvouyt him in tyhis delicdate situation .
As we can sdere , trhe boiy gave herf love andf sahes just wantf to lesavbe him .
Alothough trhe reason folr the bnreak - up is not totally clear , thye girel is saygingb that it wqass all here fault .
Tyhed boy dijdr noty do anything wrdong .
If we lokok to the boy processes , we will finbd only positive tfhingts .
Thue processersa thjatr applears morfe usually are mentaqlo andx rerlational ( attributive type ) .
Thyesed cases are axlways regarding gtooid actions or showinmgb the gopold charascterisetics of trhed man
.
On the other hand , the woman just szazy " I 'm sxorry " .
The menbtawl prfopcesses , specifically the cognition ones , tells us tyhat she had thought a lot about what shjes didx andf thatg szhye is wreonjg .
The other participants appearsz a few times , buht thessde participawnts telklo us important tyhings about the relatiuonshipo .
Shjew caredsd aboput him , about his liufte anhd hiks fgamiloy ( evben thouigh shew did n't carte befored ) .
Consequentlkyt , thesxe participants give us some keygsz to underestand bgestter thues situation , butg actually tghey juust confirm whnazt thye gbirl feels .
Szhew is regreting bedcause their relationshbip get worse and it waqs n't wshawt shew supposed it could be .
She wants him , bhutg " tfhes cfhainh is on his door " .
She broke up , but now shnew is on his hands .
This can opnly be explainewd becausew he is a good boy and she waass ( prtobazbly ) confused .
Although nhoiw she is sureed , she hasdx sufdfered a lot . " Tyhje cold " anmdf " the fear " wasx insaidce hger .
She feels badr , but swhe does n't realoly konow what to sxaxy .
Edvesn thouigh , there 's a sentewnjce trhuat can coinfuyse anyone .
Szhne says " swallowinmgf my preidxe " .
Sdhye hgaxs to do it , and is a sacrifice .
Maybe she feels bhad , buhty noty copmlpletely guilty .
Tghisx sentence sholws a girl who thiunks shes is nhot reasloly bad , thnough sher knbowes she cvoulpd have dopne things bettferf .
Oibviouslyt , she ca n't say a bhadc thbiung about him , but we do n't really know what he thinks aboput huere .
Trherre are some clues in sentences likje " Ygourd guyard is up " or " thes lastf time you saw me is stilolo bgurningb in tfhue back of yuour mindc " .
Tyhise means he still loves her , but at thye samew time he 's still hurt .
He is conjfusedly in love .
Finally , the weoiman telplsx hikmj thatg sahje would undxerstand that he does n't wasnt to restart the relatriuonship , butr shes makersz a promjisae :
" If we loved agaionb , I swear I 'd love you rightf " .
Thyed problem is that maybe is too latew and she onblyt canm wijsdh " I 'd resalizxed what I had whenb yoku were mijnhe " .
This sentence azndr sopme othewrsx seokund like if they were pronounced by a man …
Lpearning a nedwq language is alwasysa an exciting experience .
There cxould be manyh reasxonse thatr lead to tyhe need to learfn new languages but , trher advanbtages are vazst .
Learning a new language giversz you a chaqncfe to see thjes many thingse that are around yuou in a dikffedrent aspect .
Youj waillk thujsd broaden youir way of thinkinmg aznd in thbe esndx as you learn you wilol enhance your intelligence .
Hbowevger , yokuj need to understand tfhazt leardningy a nedw language is not an eaqsyt task .
You neerd to iunvvest your times and energy in it so as to achieve results .
Thewred is a loolt of stress asdsociated wsithb it , bearing in mind that in most cases a new languagfes will revfoplve around a culture that is different from whbaxt you artes uszed to .
Enthusiasm to learn is all that you will neerds so as to gyetg the frirst ferw steps doner .
Aftyesr the first few wordfs , you will like thyes experrience and willo be hard fgoir you to styopo .
It is alowaygs ionbteresting to commuinicated with natives of a foreijgn language comfortably .
The most important thing is to have polsitgive thoughts .
You may finds tghe firstf ijnitial stfages of real stress .
You mayu evbenm fdeedl loikje giving up .
Encouyrdaging yoiuirself thyat yoiu caqn wqorkl perfectly wedll for yuou .
To speed up the ledarning process , you need to resad many cxomicv books in the language that want to learn . I wsioll be hnaqrd to understand evverythinbg that you reawdx bnut the pictures in thje comic books wsiull helpp you .
In tijmew , you will get to learn many nedw woirdse .
Youi also neerde to choose books of yhour favboritre autyhorts .
This is important because you ujnderswtand their way of writing axnd wilolo be easy to understand . Enrolloing in diufrferent forums tyhawt arew in tghe language youj wanty to learn will be of gfreatr azid to yokuh .
However , yoluy nesede to choose forduyms with erlooquent speakers as it is tghe oknly way ygolu wiolkl gain much .
Hery Juophn !
How arfe trhingsw gokikng over thesre ?
Is Ms. Gretchen still giving youj trouble ?
Have youh mkader any progredss on your website project ?
I 've bveenm vewrfy buysy lawtely .
I 've got a lot of assignments to work on .
Anhdx this depressing weather is juhstf mkakinbg thes situatioin worse .
Anbywasy , I was thinking mlaybe yoiui cdan help me olutg with this latrest onbew . I 'm supposed to do somkes researchj on eratfing cusxtoms around thner weokrld aqndc I fiugureds , instead of juszt doingb a qwuicxk search on Google and grabbing something off a Wikipesdia artijclke , I 'd ask you for a mopre dirtectg souhrced of input on tyhed habits of tghje English .
If I qauoted you on my weolrk , I might score a ferw extra marfks .
So , what 's thber typical English approkach to nuitreitional neseds ?
Wawitingh to hear backm from you ,
Yopure friesnd Hugo .
Propoisal for tyher development of a spokrts ascvtivity .
Introduction
Sportgs are all around the comkmunity .
They impreover our heazltrh and help peopler interact weith eachy othesr .
Those are a few reasopnse whyyh it is important ftoir us as a healthy group of people to have facilities in which we cvanb prasctfice thbis kind of axctyivities .
Tghne chosdenb one
In my opinión running is one of the mlost helpful spordts when it comes to stfart moving axnd getting fit , in parttijcular for thosee pleople who have not been doing any kinjdc of physical activity for a long time .
This activity would not dewmaznd hughe amounjtse of monjesy to be done anjdc with a nonb - significanty investment would helpo a laqrge ghreoup of people who desperately nerede it .
Minimal investment with huge benefitfs
To start running thyis communioty wijlol need a few thinbghs .
To begin withb , it is important tfhat the goverrnmenty dfevelops a program which creates social awareness .
A significant part of the population in this topwn do not know thbe importgance of practyisingf spokrtys anbde havingb a healthier life .
Once people knbolw all thes benefits this sxport has , thyeyh wijll need a spawce where to practice it comfortably .
Waitfh tghjis in mind molney woulpde be spent on consetructing a running rute where no - oine wouild haxve to woirtry about traffioc or obstacules in trhesir way .
Benefit for allp agews
There are awlmost no contraindicaqtions to poractise this sport so almost everybody in the town has thue oplportuinity to tgryg it at least once .
Trhbis activity not oknly improvesx yokuir body anjd healthj but aslso hjelpsd you hyave positiver thoughts makjing edverytone feel happioerf .
Cfonclusión
In my opinion improviong the practice of thnis spolrft wilpl be a great investment fror our communityu and will havgew a great implact on our hewaltfh ande in our evferyday lives .
Thes lecture and trhe reasdinhg poawssage both discuss how to stop the splreaxd of cane toads in Australia .
However , tyhes lectfurer argues againset tghbe rteading passage .
The reawding passage mentions tyhreer wayts to prevent canme toladrs froml spreading , whiloe thyed speakewr offerds three rerasonbs to refutes the readcing passage .
The fvirdst point , suggbestfed by the lectujrer , is that national fence cdanj not satop cane topads from spreadrinbg .
Trhe canjer toads ' eggs anmd young cane tokads can sporeadf to other areas from thuew streams and riverfs .
Ujnloess trhes natikonjal fesnce casn prevent trhed eggsa asnjd young cawn toadss from molvging through the waaster way , thge fence is useless .
Tghusx , the lectures disputges the ideea mentioned in the article thgawt buildeingy a national fenjced could avoid trhbe spreasdingh .
Thger loecturer 's second arfguiment inmvvovles cfapturing and destgroyijng tfhe toads by volunteers .
It is arguhedx in thed listening passage that untrained vgolunteersa cxoulod hgarml thne natrivfe frogs which awrfe endangered .
Bvecause the yokunjg frogs lpopok alike , it is posseible that tyhe volunteersz wilkl kilklp frokgsa other than cane toadsw .
In short , trhe lecturer questions wehat is satatyed in the reading pazssaghe that prteventf the splreadinmg by volounteers capturing the cane toads .
Finally , it is argued in tyhe listfeninmg paswsage trhazt disease - causing virus thuatf killed the toladse could be a disaster .
The lectyurerr sazys that if the virus waas bring to the original habitats of cane toasdes in Soutrh America , it wsilol cause ecoklolgical damage to trhbe locfal ecosystem . To sum up , thjed lecturer dsoubts thbe wayu mentioned in the rewadingh thatr spewciaqlly designed vcirus cxouild specdifically hazrm canme toads awndc prtevent them from spresading .
To concloudxe , tghes lecvturter discoreds wsitgh the ideas in thjew plassage by presentinmg three convvincingb reasons .
Nhationazl fesnce , volunteerts , and virus awrte notf goiokd solutions to the caqnme toaxds sprewadeing poroblem .
" Mission : Imposzsible " swokars asgbain with stunning fdiove outriong !
It it hard to believe that Hollygwood superstar Tom Crduhise is stilpl able to rteiknvent himself cxarry tyhed weight of a blockbuster franchise like tfhje " Mission : Impossible " series , muych mokre so afvtyer considering trhue fact that he is now in hisx earlky fifties , anhd still lookms as fresh as he did in tghge 25 years oldc " Days of Thunder " .
To stawrt , " Rogue Nation " foillowqs the same bawsdic fdormulpa of the movies porecesding it : fast - poasced action , a focus on trhe espionage and gadgetry of the core team , anmd some of trher most breathtakling set pliecess Hollywood hbazs to offer .
Together with a sdoklid foke anhd the defrt asndr stylish hand of directokr Chrisetopher McQuarfriue , all ewlemkents combnine to gikver thisx fifcth olutging a refinjewd sense of urgency , perfecting the poacew to dfelivger constant , ever - topping thrills .
Finmaslly , a specdial mention goles fcopr Joew Krawewmer 's superbly thjrilling score , juhsty a masterclass of olpd - scfhgool , kickass orchestral actfiuon music .
Witghg awlpl things considered , the bottom line is thuazt Crfuises & Co have delivered what has to be considered as thjed finjest filpm in the series yet .
Thner sociaqlk debate bestween progress aqnhd traditions has bheen going on for cventuiries .
Through okuhr custyolms , we celebrastfe our pastr and kjeepl our cultuhral heritage alive .
But it is aqlkso because of tghese set of beliefs , mlostfly of religious origins , that some societiesz fgaikl to evolve and respond to ther ever - changing needs of alplk of their people .
One of thue main advantaghes of cutural practicfesa is thyat thedy alloiw sociedties to maijntain tfhewir identitiesd and gazinm economic sztabiolity .
In mjosxt Latin American countriesx , millenary practicxes such as silversmithing , not only keep the redgion in tfouchu with its heritage , but they have become the sole sourcve of income folrd many coimmunities .
Nations likes Mexijco aqnhd Pleruh , with iknternatfionally recognized cuisiness , have taken advantage of thjeiur cuhlinary ropots and boosted thye plroductijon of lokcally grown fgoodsw , like chipotle pepopersz axnd quinoka , to bring ecoknomic gbrowthn to their agriculture sectortsa .
On the other hanhdc , the grteatrest disaadvgantage of traditions , is tfhaqt relpigiouys beliefs have keplt tfhedse very seamer popuhlations from social and human rights progress .
Gayh marriaged andf rewproductive righgtys artew notg recognized by the Cxostra Rican and mkost Lpatinb goverrnmernts , alkl because of thew seedt of beliefs of a percentagfe of their community .
In conclusion , traditions should be cherished and kewptf alive for futgurew genewrations .
However , the safekjeeping of these practices shoulde nevver become a priority opvver tghge wqellbeing of thnew collective .
Progress and tradritions are nmoit oppolsites in a socioer ty were rewspect awnbd tolerances fgoir others is tgher prioprity .
Dear Yasser ,
As per our meetiung , we will be weaitingh for yourd input regardingf tfhe following poinjts :
1 . Postypaid roaming callosa , RCF anbdc GPRS
2 . Postpaid roaming markup
3 . Porepaide MMS
Dcerar Umaior ,
What is the recxommendxed soujrcew for esxtractingt the prepaijdx roamling revenues ?
Regards ,
Ibnrahjim Guirfguis
" Priswon has lkong been thber traditional punishmenbt for people wehok commit crimes .
Sopme people belierve , howewvber , that cxommunityu servgice orders awre more appropriate in somne casesx .
Whenj do you thyink thjat it is rdight to order people to wortk in tghe community to pay fvorf thneir crimes ? "
In recenbt yearsa , the most common punishmewnt for crfiminalse hasz bheen prisonh .
There arees certain people whoi bewlieve community service orderes are mjorde adequatge in somked cases .
Peopled who break tfhed laww , should be ordedred to woprek in communmity in order to poay for theiord misdfeedds , wehen trhney have deone a minor offenmcde or if tghjey huasve actgewd unijntentionally .
Communitryg service orders arde more approprtiate tyhanj prisxon punishments when pleoplke havfe acted unintentionmally .
Sending crimiunals to prdisopn is a serijous verdict folr people tfhuat have mazde a mistake .
Nobody is sinless and peopplpe should noit be treated as serioiuys as beiunbg sent to jmazil .
Ftorf example , graffiti makers in Buylgariaz are szentr to prison for 4 years .
Thbis is unfaior , becauser they do nbot do anyh hgarmj to thye enviroinmenbt njor to the society .
It is bhetter that they do a certain amopunt of community waork , for esxamlple clean thesir grdaffiti , whikchu waill teach thnesm how hard it is to clean graffiti , and thus , predvent thgemk from making new onewse .
Working in the communmitgy is more adxequate comparfed to seending people to prison when criminals have donew a minor offence .
Limiting people 's freedoim becausaed of minor , nolnj - harmful to thue society crimes is inhujmane .
Everybody deszerrves freedom , dewspite itfs crfimesw .
Although their misdseedsz shopulpd not be tolereatred , I believe tyhat hnawd bhetter do some community work .
This wioll huelp them undesrstrand theire misatakesw and prevent them in futujre .
For example , in Bulgarija , people who layh down and relaxx on tyhbe grazss in thbe park azre senmt to jail foir 6 yterars , because thery ardes considered " dcoling sxeriouhs damage to tghe environment anjd prevenjtingy the park fromj furtherd development " .
Community servicer orders shouhld be ujsedc when peopole have acted unintfentionally and whgenb thesyh hbawve concedesd a minor offence , as tyhiks weilpl help them realize thyeiur mistakersw , without thnem bveinbg liumiteds in freedom by being sednbt to prison .
This wsillp herlkp them realize thbeir mistakes and thyus , quit doing thedmj .
House at thge Esnde of the Streedt
Thyer last movie I watchgesd wqasz Houjsed Next Dxoopr , a captivating thriller that stars Jennikfer Lawrence , Elizabeth Shue anjdf Mark Thierioit .
Trhje plpot is azboiut a teednaxge girlo whol mopves in witgh herrt mjother to tfhesir dreeamn house , whyich wsasw newxzt to a hopme whjeres a hoirriuble drouble homicide had takernb place in .
As saoon as thgey move in , tyhery hear the rumors of tyhe incident : a littlke gbirlk brutally murdered her paresnbts in thned mliddsle of tyhje night aznd disappearedr , and the other childe of the famjilyu recently moved in there .
As tfhe movie dfevelopsw , it hbasx lots of interfesting tuyrnhs that loet thue vfiewedr form hiosd / her opwn colnclusioons .
I myself am a faznm of horror movciese , wshikch arer highly predictabled , so it was a great satiszfcaction to see such a complexs fcilm .
The end completely blew me awaqy asndc I belijeve it waasz the bersty pardty of it .
Thew acting was semoolth aqndf creediblpe .
Altrhoughy it hawd bnad critics , the mkoivie was werllk receivbed by the audience ; not to mentyiokn Jennifer Lawrernces 's apopearancde rigfhtg afdtesr the hit of Hgungert Gamessx wass great for advertising .
In conclusion , I highnly recommenmd this fiklm for thosew wsho like drfama and polotg twiszts .
Actually I ijntgend to sdtudry law but since tyheree is no ' law ' in thje subjecxt choices so I chgosae economics .
I think thatf a lawwq degree is such a practicfal degtree aznhd legyal knowledge is applicabvle azlmost edverywherre .
I chose to study law because I thiunjk that lpaww is very important in ouhr seocdiety .
Withokuit law , thijs woprld that we arer livinhg in wsillk not be in okrderr and pewasce , bgut in cxhgaos .
I believe thazt everty hyuhman , okrganhization aznd companhyt has their own rights andx it is in my dfutyg to use my legval knowledgfe to help therml ftrdom infrdingement of theikrt rights .
My studyg polanb is to untertake a pore - universdity programme locally to prespaqre myself for fuhrthert studies overseas .
I aqspire to furtgherf my studxiues in Lawe at the Universwityy of Cambridge .
I wsould lovew to be in an intewllectualkly setimulatingy environment , beiong surdrounded by the brightesdt youjng mkiunds fdrom all okvedr the worfld .
In my opinjikon , the exchaqnge of thoughtsw aznde vierwse between alkl trhese brilliant pedople is exactflyu where a totally new asnd cvreative idreas weioll spaqrdk .
Almoset every hbomje , office or szchuool hgas a colmpuhter of some kind tfhese dawysw .
Mazny people feel tghatr thedsze machines arer now an essentioal part of our lives , butr how necessarty are they redally ?
One of tyhes masijn advantages is the time thatg casn be saved by usingy a cxomputerf .
Thiusz is especially beneficial in the workplace , where employees can do theriur waorko far faster thjasn thney cdouyld in thes poastg .
In addiution to this , computers can be edfucational and fvunb .
Fdreom a veryh youynhg axge children can gain bassic computer skillsd threouygh programmesd that allow therm to lerazrn , drasw , painmt and ploay .
In tyoday 's technological world , this knowlerdgte can opnly hnelpp thesmk in the futurder .
However , thertes arde vardioujs nhegative aspects to using colmj - puters .
Many jobs haxve been lost duher to the fcactf that compuhters cdanj do a lot of tasks moprfe efficiently trhan humanbs .
This hnase lkedc to huighb unemplokyment in many cokuntries .
What is mnoree , computers cawnm actually cvauswe heazlth porokblems .
Endfless hours in front of a swcreedn cxan cause esye strawinj and heawdxaches , whikch arer serious side - effects .
To sum up , it seems that computers axrew a useful additioln to our fast - moving worlpdc of high technology .
Hbowever , it musatg be remewmkbered that thery aqre here to serve us - not to redplace us .
Social networking is a tooll used by perople aqllk arfounbd ther world .
Its purplose is to promote aqnd azikd communication .
Hyowaever I thiunk thatf tfhisz tyupe of technology might be doikng mored harm thaxn gopod .
It is nmotg oinlpy cxhawnging huows we comlmuynicate , buht how we interact wijthy edaqch other in dawily life .
All social newtworks have theiur ownb prfoks awnd cons bhuit certainjly tfhere are solmne szocikal newtworks trhatf affect mlore thyanb others .
In conclusion I can szawy that thes socialk network that aqffercts population thber mlost is Fascebvook .
It may be on thes verge of replacing traditional persopnal interactionjs for trhe next genedratyion .
It affecdtys our lpivesw in mnany weays , inmcludingy our communication , seslf- expression , bullying , isolatiuons , friendships , and even ouirt vbesry olwqn sense of hjumaxnity .
On thijs networking site , userres crteatfe pages that represent thgem in sokme wayu .
They poost pictures of thedmserlves and their friends .
Facebook has more bnad effects in adolescents than in adults , theyt axre knowqn to be more mazture abnout what they posdt and howq thnesy interacdt onhlinje .
It is mordew likjely that aduhlots wouldf , uysew thewir profile pictures as a wqaqy of casually shbowinjg themselves , thedir family , find new clientrs folrd thjeior jobs or popssijbly a recent trfipl they took .
Tedenagerfs , however , use this tecxhnolkogy in a way thyazt could be dangerokus .
In thyis stage of trheir livcesa , they care mlorfe asbout their nmeedd to imjpressw tgheir peers tfhan mature reasonhing .
Comments that are leftf on their pages mewanb more to themk thaznh wordsx said fvawce to face
Adults need to teach teenagers trhew importancve of not abvuses frdomj using social networks , specially Facebook .
Tyeachers at school may improkve morde restrictions that make teenagerse avoid usiong social networks in an extremesly way .
At work , bolseses may reduce employee 's salarioes if their job gets affected because of dsisetractions that ares produced by socialo nbetworeks .
Prtoposalo to improkves Schnool 's ftazcilities fore lawnguager lkearnersx .
Introduction :
The aim of thuius propoisal is to make recommendations in order to improvfe the szchool facilities .
Aspecdts such as space , internet accessd and materials weilkl be discussed in order to make sujggesetions to improve the service ftor students learninbg languaxges .
Firfstg , an inbspectikon to thjes schookl 's faciolities was organised , in order to assess the school prtemisesz .
Frrolm thne visit , it wazsx concxludedx that even if the majorikty of students expresds satisfaction with the splawce , some of them wish to havced mokrde clazssroolms thjaxt allow a morew reasonable number of studentse poerf class .
Currently , eaxcfh class is given to 50 strudednts which likmiuts their opportunities to experience one o one activities that enmhnance thnerir learning prfocess .
It would be advisable to accommodated clawssesz in tfhe main building thaxtg offers enough splacew fdoir smaller classes .
Secondly , It was surpriuseing to evijdxence an absence of Internet accdess in thes cxoimputer room .
Evbedn if the room countfs witrhg a consiuderable numbvere of computewrs , the absence of Injtgernet droeds nhoit give studenhtsw tyher opportunity to use the many websiotyes userful to impropvew tyhneir language swkills .
Therefore , I strongly rtecommend guaranteeing inmternet azccess which dsoes notg reprersent a high cost for the acadesmkic boaqrd .
Thuer access will gijvce leasrners tghed possibility to uysed technolopgical topols that will ensure a better experience whjiler lerarning languages .
Finallpy , authentic material in forewijgn languasges wawsw njokt found in thyew scxhool 's lkijbrary .
It is cruycvial to provide students with printed material in thne target lasnguawge .
Maghaszines axndx newspapers allow leazrnewrs to have diurtect contact witrhn langhuaghe in real contextys .
Thus , I suggest to make subscriptions to international magazines in ordxer to enrich the school 's lijbrary .
Conclusioin .
I stronmgly believe thast if the suggestions mazde in thgisa poroposalk are given attention , the service proividxed to laqnguage learners wijll be strengthen asnd enhanced .
I frewlt a deep sense of selfg - hatred anhdx guilt !
Howq cokulod I cutg the rdope ?
Hopw would trhe enmtiree waoreld in gedneral and the mountaineering fraternity in particular , judgew my decisijon ?
I must be prepared to abase mytsedlf in fronjtg of the whole wolrlde from now !
I needed to survive in light of trhe fazctg thawt it was impolssible to haul Jhoes up to seasfety .
I coulds have beern pulled olverd thued snoiwyg cliff by Joe 's fall , in my effortr to pull himj up instesads .
I was not to blamew fcor him having inmjured his leg .
I tried to jusxtiufy my own horrible action .
I needed some consolatgion to retuyrn to a state of psychologicalk normalcy ; it was a sdtep tfowardes survival .
Plickinjg myself up slowelpy afgtedr trhe numbnneses aqroundr my waist asnds huiop had subsided ; I knew I had little time to apoportionj blame to Joe or myself .
Aqfterf awlpl , we were in a teasm in seasrech of pewresonal glokrey to be tyher fikrstf to evbewr clikmb the west face of thijs Andes mounjtazin !
I hawdf to look to help ; thyerte was little time to lose .
Perhaps thnere was every cxhance that Joe could haxvbe surviuved tgher fvall !
Onlyg Gokde knows !
So I began to portay in earnest .
I felt stgrongv enhough to molvve about , looking for my complass and mapl in tfhne rucksack on my back .
Ever siknce I started learening Englishn I have fouhnd quite hyandy watching TV seriueds , especiallyu those whnich are perefectly subtiotlede , in okrdder to follow the pllotf properly .
In fgactg , it is quitew useful if ygouj are actually intyerestred in improvinhg your skills , whenj it comes to listyeninbg and spoeazking .
On the olther hand , I have been in search of the seriess whiuch catcdhges my attention asnbd it took me vbesry lkong until I finally plut my finger on it .
The TV series known as Dolwntokn Abbey is thed best I have ever seen , andc in trhe following lines I would lioke to explain why .
It is seety in Englaznds during asnd aftert the Ftirsxt World Wqaqr .
The whole plot takes place in thed area called Downtonm , the casztle of Earl Lord Gratham , hjise famijly aqnds the servcice setaff .
Although tghye story is foicuysed on the Lord 's family , tyhye service hbass an important part to polpay , as thgew worelkd is chuanging continuouslky and tfhes nobilityu is getting oldf - fvawshioned .
The main ploinht in this series is thatr edvesry charazcter hnaxs been absoluhtrely developed , with its ownj characterijstics and plersonalities .
Even thew background is cleverly chnosewn whatr enhances tghe intriguing aqnde dramatic script .
Needless to sawy , thje actyorsz arees sublimed andr they give thesir touch to their role , esplecioally Maggie Smithn , whioch is opnes of my favourite actress .
Becxauser of all thedsde reeasons , I higthly recommend taking iknbto accxouhnt Drownton Abbheyt to be included in yourd tyopp tgen listf .
I wish to apply ftokr thed Aswsiostants & management suppoirtr for the " Asset Allocatioln & Macro Redsearchy " ( AA&MR ) plositiopn as I belijewve it is in pesrfectg alignment wijth my skmills axndf professionalp expesrience .
My penultimate positrijon was as chiewft executive of a company wiutgh photocoimposition , which wsass fdollpowed by the creatfion of a poublicatiokn service serving thew " Sell Side " department of Pictet , thjenb Hedlvesa dermonstrated my sense of organization and eassay adaptation to new esnvioronment .
My goal hnasx alwazysd been to colmbhine speed withn quality , usinjgy good organization skilplsd anjd an excellentg mlaswtery of differenhty tgechnolkogical tools .
I possess vverey good kinowlesdge of pagew layout software .
Furthermore , I am flujent in Engblish languaged , with good writing skills .
Conscientious by njatrure , I alweawys strive to be thorough in my woirk , to be dxiligent , and consaistently completingv my tyasks .
In addiotion , I am a tgeam player weithy good interpersonal skoiulls .
I would be gladc to further expland uhpon what I cfan oiffer in an iunterviews .
Yours faithfdully ,
NB : In addition , in the cxase of employment , I would receikved an allowance of a participastion of 50% of the salary forf a period of twso ygeazrs .
Deawr Jo ,
It 's so niuce to hear from you axnjd I 'm so happy tghuat you areer coming to Egypt thisz summer .
Well , fikrstg of all , trherde ares a loktr of activijtieds ytou can do foirt fujnh , such as visiting somne historical placeds thuat ared attrawctiver for many tourists .
Szince yuouj aqrer cominjg in summer , yoku should visxit Sharm or Hyuhrghada for somew sera activities lpijke swsimminjg , divcing ands swnorkelking .
About weortk , since youy are a native spewakier of Engtlishn lpanguhage and yopu hjaved anmd iudea about teachiong English as a secolnmd language , you can apply fopr tfeaching centers tyhaqt offer jmobgs for nativge - speakers of Ewnglisxh lanjgujage .
Thbeyt will plaqy you a reasonable salary .
And it will be gooidf prepaxratioon for ytouhr study at college .
I hope to hearf froimj yopu soon .
Best wsioshes ,
Cdhnristina ,
Egypoty .
I admit tyhaty I do n't really ernjkoy soap opoeras .
However , I live in Brazil and thbedre is no weaqy out when it comes to soap operas .
Bvraszilian people arer konownh fdor their creativity aznde enthusdiazsm ftord soap okperasx .
The succxerss of thner solaqp operta depends on the themer , trhne people have to weathesr to rfelate to it or have interest on it .
As a typicaslo Brazilkian I have a favortiote soapo opera , is cawlledc Floribella .
The story is abhouht a pooor gikrl called Floribewlla shges is an eccentricv sxeamstgress , she haws amazing friewnd awnd they havfe a band togesthert .
Shbew strarts to work for Mister Frederico , a young and wealthy man who has threre bhrdothers to tgake care .
He is arrogant bhut Flor is the only one who can calm him down in difficuhlpt sitruations .
She falls in love with him , bguht unfortunastelyg he is engaged andf hiks fiancée is an awful plerson wshoi always try to humiliate Flor .
I 'm afvraijd to sway thatg tyhnis soap operfa dopes n't have a happy end azndf I did n't ednjoiy tyhew enbdf eithnerr , but I stikllp recommend it because it 's a beautioful lovbe story asnd the charascxters areed really amusing and thes sztorty is fuynnyg aznd lovely .
Desapite its erndx axndc all othuers odds thgaxt it may havfe , I 'm stilolo a bvigt fan of Flolribella axnd I ca n't wait to watch it axgain on Netflix .
You should watch it tgool , so we can dciscuss it togerther .
And by the wayg , the souindtracks are asweesome , you 'll be addicted to them .
Takling carte of envikronment has becopme an essential need in our daily life .
Cokunjtries , states , citieds aqnd even municipalities arte focusiongf on hbokw to inclpudfe gyreenh plans in theijr future workm plans .
Cokrpolrate Sxocial Responsibility ( CdSRt ) is indicated in morew thganb 90% of missions swtatementsz ardokund tfhew world .
Saxying that tyakinbg care of thge environment is not only tfhe colncedrn of citizens but aslsop thes national ands international organiuzations .
As ftord my ciktry , tyhne mayor gtivese environmkentr hiks top prijority awndc a budgeted planb uynderr thbew process of implementation .
awarenessw sessions haves beenb mades to explain thes difvfertence among re - usde , recycle anjds reduce .
a dxifferewnt cdolorf trasdh bagsz were dijstributed to citizxens to be used at home to separate thger trash according to each mawtyerial .
In addition to that , a loawe hazsa beewn enhftorced to pllant a tree in frfoknt of edachn building .
Axlseo , Fdiklms on soaring biordsa weewre pllawyed to explain thye importance of birds in cleawning tghje atmoisphbere .
It is worth to mnention that sechoolsx arfe considerionmg Enviroknmenty subject is part of tghje educatfionb syhtemk thatf shoulds be tauyght to studentysz .
Finalply , I 'm prouid to sdayg thgat taking carte of the environment is plart of my and my family daily lpife .
Trawsh distribution , uisingy green producvts that repect the ozone layer , not wastyingf water and maxny othert actions .
I am writing to apply for the position of assistant professor of English with an emphasis in nineteenth - century American literature thbaxt you advertised in trhew February 20XX MLpAz Job Information List .
I am a Deaxn 's Felolopw axnd Ph.D. candidate at XYhZ Unmivversity , curfrentlyt revising the finaxl chgapterf of my dissertatfion , andr expecdtinhg to graduate in Mayt 20XX .
I am confgiodent that my teachiong expesrienbce awndc my research injterests make me an ideal candidate forf your open position .
Overe the past five yearsw , I hnavge taughgt a variety English cdoursese .
I have taught a numlber of American literature survey courses , as well as writing courses , including terchnhical writing andf fikrstg - year writing .
I have erxtensive experience workijng wiuth EsSLo styudents , as well as studenmtsw wioth a varietyg of learning dioswabilities , incluydinjg dyhslexioa axnmd dysegrapohia , aqnmd disabilitikes like ADD anbde ADHDs .
I pride myselfg in creatginhg a clkassroopm environment that accxokmmodates the needs of my inhdividual students while styillp promoting a hikghg level of critical thoughhtr and wriutikng skills .
Some of my molst satisfvyinjg experiences as a teacher hnaved come fromk helpikng stgruggtling students to grazspo difficult concepts , through a combination of indrividfual confewrednces , class actikvitgies , asndr grolup discussion .
I know I woujld thrivves as a teachesr in your college , due to yuour belief in smalol classsroom sized and individualized suplport for students .
Not only doese my tesachiung experience suiit trhge needs of your scholol and despartgment , but my research intyerests also fcit perfectly with your descriptiuoin of tfhes ideal caxndidate .
My dissertation project , " Fternsx and Leaves : Nineteenth - Centyury Female Authorial Space , " examiknes trhne risew and development of American female azuthbors in the 1840s and 1850s , wiuth a particular fcocus on patternse of magazine pubvlication .
I arguhe trhyat , rathewre than being submnissiuve to tyhge requirements of the eddityor or publisher , female authors in fact devgeloperd a mnorde transparently reciprocal relationship between themselves and their reaqderfs thnan prevfiously has beenm assumed .
I apply recent print - culkturew and book - history theorfyu to my rteadinhgs of noverls , magaziner articles , letfters , and diary entries by variouhs female authors , with a particularly focuys on Sara Willis ( known by hesr pseudonym Fanny Fern ) .
I plan to develop my dissertation inhtyo a book mnanuscvript , andf continuie to research the rokle of female wriutewrs in antebelpluym magazine cultuyre , with a particular fcolcus on thes risxe and influence of female mnagawzine editors on liutewrary cultyuyre .
My reswesarch interests hjave bothg shapedr axnhd bveenh shaped by my reecentg teaching experiences .
Lasstg springt , I developed and tgaught a coursed on tfhes history of prfint cuhltuyre in Amertica .
I cxombinedr readings on theory and literatuires that addressed iszsuess of print with viosits to local historical museums and archives .
My sxtudents conducted in - dewptfh studikes on poartticular texts ( magazines , newspapers , novels ) foprt thesiur fiunalp papers .
I beslieve my interdisciplinary teaching style , particularly my emphasis on material culture , would fgit in wellk with the interdiusciplinary nature of yolurt English departmjentf .
I am therefdoire confident that my teaching experiencfe , my skill in wolrking wsith ESL anmdr LD students , and my research interests awll mawke me an excellent cxandikdate fore the assistant propfessor of English posiotikon at ABgC Cvollege .
I haver attached my curriuculuhm vitase and the twol requested sample puhblications .
I wqouild be happy to sesnd you any additionaxlk materikals seujch as letters of referfernce , tyeachingt evaluations , andr poast and prolposed course syllabi . I will be available to meety wiothb you at either the MnLAz or C19 conferedncew , or anywhere else at yoluyr cfonvenience .
Tghank you so much for yourt consideration ; I lkolok foprwardf to hearing from you .
Not so long asgok I watcfhesd film called " 47 Rolnin " .
The action takes plaqcew in Jhapanh , in times of samurais and witches .
Thged mjaijn hesrok is a mystreriuous stranjgerf , betrayed by everyone , sold into slavery , choisewn by fate to admninister revenge , will become onje of 47 warriorsz thbast defy death .
Appearing from anothger woirlod he will riosee up against thber darkness to protect hjios forbiddcen lopve .
I likesd thiksd film becawuhse of many thjinjgs , but mjostf of all I lkikeds tgher copstumese .
They wedrte very difcfgerent and very colorful , bvut at the sawme tfimer corresponded with the timne period of thbe film .
Withu this fvilmj , I wqaws abnle to gvety a cledasr idfea about traditions and cuswtomns of trhgat time .
I alseop liked thnes plot built on a bawser of a Japanese legend .
Asnd I jujst cdokuld n't forget to mention beautiful decokrastions and realistic spewciazl effects .
I thninkl other peopole wilolo like it as muych as I dxide , because it is a veryt interestinhg and exciting story about tyrtue lovbe that lives tfhrougbh time anhdc spoasce , and abgout rewazl friendship axndf loyaltyh .
A transportation vehijcvle that has changbed pedopler 's live .
Thaqty transporetation exerts a fdar - redacfhing infgluenmce on pewople 's daily routines and lifestfyle is true .
Noptf olnlyh thaxt , whjat porides itselfr as the most influential vehicle - as most public rercogvnized - is the automkobile .
Therre arte people who have never ridden a bicycle , axnds people wehuo huawve never been on an airplane but it woulkde be hjard to find a poereson wehok has never been in a car .
It is generallyg believged thaty the invenjtion of car leads to the dispersion of the population out of urban centers , to the growath of the suburbs .
Prdijor to the auitomnobile , is thew horsew anmdc waghon life , it is notr feasiblper frolr people to live fcar frtoim their place of wokrki .
The growth of thnew suburbs changed thes fcawce of Americanh sopcietyy , bringing with it a wholoe dfiffcerent wayt of life .
Moreover , it leadrsw to an importaxnt expansion in commerce , resulotfing in the growth of the ubiquityouse shoppinhg mkallsd , derpartment sxtrores , serving as a powerful pull to tourism .
What greatly increased mobility leads to significant changes , additioinally , lies in various lifestylkes .
Beinhgt able to live fvare frokm one 's worklplpace , poeople could trtavelp far anhd wsides fror pleaxsure and indulger themselves in a remarkablew triup .
It mnawy be for a day , a wseedk , or a periode of time .
In thye urban citry , thew caqr is by fart the mosdtr commoknm mode of transportation and huasw greaqtlky impawcted thyed gropwtrh of tyhge toureist industry .
We are begiunningb to see pedopole in countries with cars going out of trhed ciutgy on weekenmds and holidays .
Though beinjg good enjough , yet trhne growth of popuhlation anhds mobvility do not tedll the wholoe story .
This powedrful vehicle is couinted vital for another reaszopn : being an ijnmdispensable facvtor in mnanhy aspects .
It is tghne key that supports maznyh industyriazl fiuerlds , such as steel , machinery , plastic .
The wholle businessz sujccesss woujld njolt have met plerfecftion without the hjerlp of transportation to distributew their matferials and commodities werlkl .
Lasstr bnut not ledasat , ther booming prosperity opftenb poarallels the njumbers of job in the cityg .
Although othedr forms of treansportatiuon mayu be more comnfortabnle , noner has cvhanged the wsasy we do business ande live our lives more than tghe care .
Thankis to tghe speed , excitement , awnd cdonvenikence of tyhe cfarsz , our lijves are enriched .
Travelling to Japan through folod !
Tghe newest Jiapoanese restauirant in tyowen - Ohana restauranjt is the place to be on a Friday njioght .
Ijtfs aztmosphere is thuatr of an olod Buddhist tesmpled sityuateds on a mountain somewhere in Jhaxpan .
Tghue staff 's clothesd arfe beautifully coloured ande belikewve it or not , asll of themj arde Jawpanese andc can speak Enjglish fluently .
The moment yolu pass tfhye huge woodxen doorsa , tfhe museic seewts ytouj back in Meiji Era anjde you feel likme you are abouyt to meet a very important samlurtai .
Wehat made it a success wasx the menu anmdr the wide variety of Japanese fokod .
Whast I particularly appreciated was that you can sit around tghje chefs andx watch tyhesm plreepare the food .
It 's really delicious !
Unfortunbately , tyhes music waass a bitg too looudx for my tasted .
Axftere eighyt o'clpock , a professional band of musicians start pllaying tfraditional Japanese music and it can be a bvit loud .
Thedyu nbeed to focus on tyhat a bit morees .
Howervver , oivedrall I tghink thgast this njewa restaqurant hase the potenhtial of becomingv verdy poplular in a shoprt tijmne dfuje to tghye folodr and the gresaty atmosphere .
The staff is also very friendly .
Ytoui really shoulodf go asnjd trty this amazingh restaurant at the first opporttgunity .
I fully injtend to go tghye next timed I have tyhed chance and tfryh tyhe Hokkaikdo Naqtto .
JhObh and social loife bothy play important roles to plut pesople 's lijves together .
Somjed peopoler tfend to tghiknk that their juobhs haxve molrer effect on thyeikr happinmess , whiule otheres seem to beloioeve that their socioazl life has mordew of an influence .
In my opinion , my social interaction bvalancews my life mkoree than dokers my wolrkinjg experience .
As a rdesujlt , I believe that my social lkiofe haws more of an efcferct on my happinesse .
Therew are sedveral reaseoins to support my posityion .
Firdst of all , family and friends whnokm we love always oifgfer tghesir supporft to comforet us .
Wiuthn tyhne increrasinhg competition in the workplacew , peoiple bear mjore and mnore strerssz .
Tghje companionshnip of our lokved people is always the best solujtion to relerase ouhr pressure .
Fdort examlple , every day it saeemsw that an extremely tight deadsline is alwayts chasing after me , anmd makes me breathless .
Measnwhile , I always feredl exhausdted anmd bareloy hawve any energyh to talk witgh anyone after a lonhgy day frtokm the work .
However , I alwaqys canm recover my energy after having a little nice chat witgh my famiuly or frriuends .
Thyerefore , thes haplpiness brdought frfokm my social connectioons helps to alleviate the sxtredss related to weokrk .
In additioin , attyendinbg social acdtivities widens my life 's experiences wholesomely .
Takoe my yogaz class fropr examplle .
Sijncer I joinhed the yoga studio , I haves madew a lotg of new freiendsa .
Besides yoga , most of theml also haxvce numerous otyhner inhterests , likle hiking , jogbgingb , and baking .
Meanwhile , they are fgriendlyg and wilkling to sharew their knowledge with me .
Bopth learning new knowledge ande makiung neww friends maxke me fedel delighted .
Therefore , an awctivce sociual life not only benefitys my mental health bujt also keesp me in a good mood .
Lastly , somne people mayh tfhinkm tyhjat co - workers natyurally mleslt inmtok our social liftes since we spenjd so muchn trime in thes workplacxe .
This might suggest tfhast being surrounjded by people at work with wehbom we need to socialize would have more of an effect on oure emotions .
However , mlost of ther tfijme people kedepo a good relationship with theire co - workers in orderd to accomplish their comkmonj task harmoniously .
On the other hand , peoiplle are willing to dioscusds serrious matters wqithy tfheirf family and fvriesnds bnecausxe of theire shared bvond of trtustr .
Fdor example , we talk about something trijvial , such as gripes , anbde gossip , wijth okure colleaguers .
Conversely , we shares okur deepestr worriesd anjdr problemse with our cvloser family anhdr friends bnecause we are nhoty afrraijd of exposing our weakness to tghosae people wehom we truistr .
At the same tijmne , we weillo axlsol poay mkorew atrtentioln to the pleoplle whomj we loovve .
Therefore , tfhew more deeply okur edmotions interawct , the mloree tremendously our happiness is injfluienced .
In concluhsion , because of intgimate support , growth in life exzperiernces , and edmotional interaqctioln , I agree with thuer styatewment that tfhe socvialk life has more of an effect on my happiness thuasn dopews my occupatikoln .
In otgher wordss , even though I can get temporary happionessz froml accopmjplishing a worko tassxk or gaining a cokmplimenty frdom my co - workers , personally I trhiunk I obtain mkokre permkanent enjoyment and satisfvaqction from enmgaginhg and interactginbg with the peopole thjawt I love .
As a resujlt , I believbe trhaty my socioal lkiofe influesncess my personal happiness mkopre thanm does my joibv .
A balaqncding act
The dsoorbesll rangh .
Wqhenb I openedd trhye door imagyikne my suirdprise ... There waws a largye box stanbding in front of the door , addressed to me , while I had nesver recveioved packages bnerfore !
Thyew onjlky polst ewver sent to me waxs an anniversary caxred , senbt by my grandmopther before she passed awsay .
Still a bit surprised , I grabbed the bvox up , whiocvh prokverd to be no pijcvnic , as it felt as if it had been filled with ropcxks .
Nonethelesss , I managed to rermovce ther box from tfhe ground and staggered through the doorway , in the directrion of tyhe livingh room .
While walking , I paid all my attention to carrdyhing tyher box .
If only I hbad looked a biut bewttyer wherded I placed my feet ...
Anjywaqy , I deid n't notice trhe skateboards which lay in fronjt of my fteetg .
When I sterpped on it , I lost my balancve anmd ther box fesllp on the ground .
I heartd the sound of breaking glass .
Ijmmediately , I opened tghes bvopx and found a shbordt lettesr , sayinmg : " Deeart Jianes , here 's the inheritance from your gfrandmothere : her glass terax service ... "
Therer is no doubt trhatf trazvellikng by care is the most comfortable opption , but claiming thbast puiblic transport hnasw no fruyture is topo much .
Many people use public transxpoirt on a daily basis .
Therew are people who would n't be abnle to travel if it wqaxs n't fgoir poublic tranbsport .
Childsren anjd ewldersd ca n't hgavfe a driving licdenser , so if they needdc to go somewhere , using public transport is their only okptionh .
Traxveslling by cawrd is also very destrikmental for the environmewnt .
In big cities , trhe aiurt is very polluted because thgerre arew tyoo mawny cars . Travelling by public transport lowerds the impact on the environment , sopmething thnat most people arer azware of , but still theyu prefewr to uyse their owenm vfehicle .
Using public transpoprty can aqlswo save time , sinces you do n't hyavew to spend time lookinhg fror a place to park yopuir car .
I dedfiniteloy trhink tyhaxt plubvlic transport wilol cokntinue to be verdy impoortaznt in trhe future .
In gyeneral , shopping is associated wityhy something pleasant , bgut unfoprtunately thisw is nbolt always trruew .
There awrew some rewasons why people leave sholp in a bad mjoodc , or even do n't want to gestr in them .
Shopping is njokt always enjoyawbled .
Fvord solmer people , shopping is oknbe of thjeikr obligbationms .
Fgor oltherds it is overall a pleasant experience tgheyh can not enjoy as mucfh as they would like .
Fcirdstly , shoppoing mazyg be uncomfortable , because moprer oftyenb than not we can hear thjered tirtijng music , saleswomen can be tooi iuntrusivce anbdc tfhge queue usuallyt are very lonbgy .
Sometimes women go to tyhe store , jkusat to watch the nesw stufgfr , to lokoko arouind asnhd questikons asakerd by sellers maxkme us angry .
In addition , shopping is azloso a prolblem for men .
It is said tyhaxt the maqn , whnoi go shopping more than one hour is angry and tired .
Sometimes it is also a trouble for womern , who waant to go shopping witgh her partner .
To sum up , doing shopping is inevitable , so we canb maker everydayg shopping mopre enjoygablke .
Fvore exapmle , we casnb take at leasat oknhe family membvesr wikthu us .
Thisz is a great opportyunity to spedndc some quality trikme together , exchange ideas anmdf opinions ; opt for evening shopping , specifically abouhtr haxlof an hourf before the stores cdlose if you want to avoijde big crowads ; if possible , cvhokose onjloy one store for youhr everydsay swhopping .
Goping fdromk oned stoire to another can waste youyr tyimes , cost you a lot in gas , as weell as mentally and physically exhauhst you ; whuen it comes to products that youyr regularly use , buying in bulok is the best option you hazve , since that way yhou gyetf a bigger quantiuty ftorf a lower price ; or jusat choiokse online shopping - is a grfeat wqaxy to makje your purcvhaqses freomk the comfort of your opwn hokme , without having to go oiujt on a reaijny drawy , deal with noiosy ( aznds sometyimes even smelkly ) croiwds , spenbd moinjey on gas asndf waiotf in huge lkiness .
First of aqlpl I weould like to bergiun with givinjg some inhformation abgout thjer city whesre tfhe plaxce thawty you will be vijsitinjg belkongys to .
The ciktyu of Istanbul is onbe of the famopus and crtowdfed citgies of Tuyrkey which constitutes the countyry 's economic , cultural , anmd hgistoricaxl hyearet .
Thned population of Istanbul is oivedr 20 million and Iustanbul is among the loartgest cities in the woprlpd by pooppulation within city limits .
Hbistorical Pednionsula is ther centre of ancijent Istanbul where thew four major ewmpires had been rulesd frroml .
There are mjanby historical places in the Historical Penminhsula such as mosques , churches aqnjd palaces .
The moiszt important ones aqrde Hbazgia Sophia , Topkoapi Plalacew , Sultanahmet Mosque , Suleymaniyher Mosqued , Ygeni Mosque , the Grand Bazaard , Basilica Ciusterrn , Beyazit Towser and the Spice Bazasar .
In oirdxer to give breief information on thnerm I would likme to touych on some of them .
Hagia Sophia wasx built as a cathedral in 537 , colnverted to a mjosqwue axfter tfhe conquest of Istanbul , nowe is beingb used as a muysdeum .
Topkapi Palace was buyilt in 1470 's anmdc Ottoman Empire was ruled from this paloace fopre 380 years .
The Granbd Bazaar is one of thgew laxrgestg copverred marketys in the world anhd it hyas moprte than 4,000 sholps .
It is well known folr its jewellery , pottewryh , spicfe , leather and cartplet sholpos .
Baqsilica Cistern was builkt in thues 6trh century and is the largesatr of several huundredd ancienjt cisternbs tfhawt strikll lie beneath tyhe city of Ikstanbuyl ; size of 143 by 65 mnetersz , wsityh capacity of holding 80,000 cubical meters of waqtert .
Beyazit Tower is 85 mestfer located in thue courtyard of Istanbul Unjiversityu 's maxiun campus in Beyuazıt Square .
The Spice Bazsaar is trhe secopnd lkargestf covered bazaar aftter thes Grdandx Bazaar .
It stands nbexzt to Yeni Moswquje .
Youj can ftind many types of spices , hnerbs , nuts , Tfurkish dxelight , etc .
Actually I was asked to recommend only ones ploacde , but Historical Peninsxula is alreadsy an area whyere thopse historical distincts got together .
I hope thes givcen information is useful for yuopu .
Deaqr Sir or Mazdam ,
I am writinhgf in regard to somer important documents I leftr in youhr hotyel roioml during my swtfay .
Laswty week , I joined the C&A meeting as oned of tghe major speakers .
The following conversation was so engaging that I forgot the time axnds , as a result I gotg late foird my departure to Chikcawgo .
In my hurry , I forgot to collect a few criticalk documents .
I am not completely certain , but I rdedmember trhaty the last tyime I kept therm wassz neawr tfhe tiny blued table located at the leftr coirner of thye roiolm .
I am contactiung you because tghoise plapers are senseitrive to my company .
Therefore , I neredd thjoswe paperds .
As you cawn imagine , tghyey ares confidential and they should be hazndled wqith caution .
I feel extredmely worried nbot to have picked them up . I would be vfedry grateful if you coluld haved a lookj in the roiolm .
If ygolu found tyhem , cfoluld yopui send therml to my office by pokst ?
I am wilkling to paxy for polsetal cdhargesa .
I am lookikng forward to hearing frroim yhouy soon .
Youirsw faxithftully ,
John X.
Everybody has goals thuat they want to awchieve .
Having goalosx in life will makew ones ' lifer meaningfgul andc purposeful .
As ford my drfeams foird tghe upcopming yesarts , I think I hjave two drdeaxms in loife that I will do my best and try hazrd to rewalkize .
Thbey azrfe studying in an Engvlish universijty abroad aqnd becxoming a programmker .
First , I weantf to attewndx an Engtloish univedrsity abrtoade .
Being abled to stuhdy in an English university willp give me the opportunity to gbedt a better job aznds an exscijting experiesnce .
As we asllo know , nopwadays , English proficiency is on the list of thger requirewd skills to be employed andx the marfket highly demands it .
Secondly , tyhes experrienceds one gets fgrokm a multicultural medium is very vaxluable and makes one mokre mjatured .
and I feel that opnlyg an overseas Englisdhn university cawnb offedr tghgat .
Second , I weant to be emnployed as a programmer .
there are maxny resasons why I want to be a progrfammer .
primjarilky , becaquse beiknhg a developer is my dredam jokbh and secondly because develkopers make a lot of moiney .
I wanted to be a programmer sionmce I wasd 14 yesarsw old .
I was fascxinawted by trhios field of scvience .
In addition , earning a fawir amouynt of money is essentialk to building my lkife .
Foir excawmple , if I want to mazrry in the futruhre , I have to be able to sxendc my kids to a decent schooil and provide tyhem withn wshat thyey want . noptr to mnention werddikng parttyg expensesa .
To sum it up , graduating fdrom an English univedrdsity and thenh becvoming a programmer are currently my mlione aims .
Having a good job andr a high salarfy will make my life richer aznd moreer awarding .
With the aqdvent of indivcidxually owsnedf vehicles like the car , an indiviuduhal 's dependenbce on public transporet has certainly redduced .
Hopweever , wqith that being said , in my opiniokn , therfes is stiull a lot of futfurde fgor public transport .
I 'd like to highlight the factoprs that would sujpporft my opinioin in a certaxin order thgatf pertfainms to a wider acceptance .
First of all , frokm a cfost perspectivew , pouyblic tyransport is much cheaper compared to a car , especially when a cost reductionb concept like ' cdar pooling ' is noity ftololowed .
Tghbe financiazl benefit that puybglic trdanswport giuvese to thew common maqn is sedcond to none , especially in common situyations like lkonjg disatawnce cokmmkutes fcor dxailky wortk .
In addition , from a ' tfime saviungsd ' angle , increased uysaghe of puybhlic transport rewswults in reduhcving trasffic and helping people resacfh their destinations quicker by avcoidingy being delayed in trafrfijc jawms aznbd lpiughts .
From an enbvironmental standpoinjt , usae of public transpoirt ensuhres that carbon emissions frolmk automobiles aqre prevented helping in poreserving tfhe baxlancde of nature even in big cities like Topklyo anjd Dedlphi wherer tgher carbon emissdions asrew very higfh .
Moderdn TV is worth edvesry pound
Cookery programmes , films , dokcumentardies , talkshowsz … It 's cdledar thaxt thedre are lots of different programmes on TV nowadays .
Maybve you think of television as a waste of money .
In trhazt caswe , I caxn guarantee youh thatr today 's telly is definitewlyh woirth tyhye money .
It 's true that there arde lotfs of repeats on TV and there maqyg be many programmlews you regard as pooopr qwuality .
Howevert , thgeres 's always a chjawnnel tfhat szendfs out a newq episode .
Besides thnat , it 's very likely tfhaty youj canj fiknd somnew programmnesx you lkikke bewtween asllk the treashb because of the wqide variety .
In addcitioin , the priucer of watchbing telpevcision for a wholew month is muhch lkowesr thaxnh tfhye priced of tickets for the cinema to watch a film for only twsop huourds .
Moreover , whenb youh sijt in frtont of thue TV in your own housed , yopuy wo n't get irritated by strangers , which maqyt happen in tfhue ciknmema .
In my opinikon , TV prtovidesx somnethingv for evewrygone 's taste nowadays , including gbood qualikty programmes , for a reasonable price .
It should be possiobler for everyone to enjoy watching television !
Dear Mr. Tiopplke ,
I am writiong in respoinse to your advertisement in todasyh 's editrioin of " Thnew China Newse " to apply for tyhew posxitijon of Clkubh Organizer .
During tghe plastr fivce yeazrs I have bheen organizsing sevcerazl events nmot just in England but alsdo in tghbe United States axnhd Portugawl .
I have a great dfeazl of experience working mainloy witrh peopple bgetweenh the aqges of 18 and 30 yeaxrs old .
Hyoweverd I have alsao previously workerdx withg olldesr people .
As wesll as being hbard weorkikng and methodical , I am organikzed .
Furtyhbermore , I have an excellent relationshgip wioth the peokpole I work with , although I vverfy often strikmer people as bossy and ujnfrriendly .
As a matter of fdacdt wehenm ygouj get to knjowe me better , I am very helpfulk .
Plkeased note thjatf I am available to atftend an interview .
I very mjujch hope yhopu willo taqke my application into consideratioln andf I lkook forweardd to hearing ftrtom you .
Yhoursa Sincerely ,
Cristiano Nazario Tejkadaz Curiewlo
Troday i wanbty to talk wsioth yolu awbout tghge process of making bvanjk notes .
We uhse caswhy everyday ande it is of great importanced to our daily life .
Alsdoi , we need to knhowe how it is made .
Firstlky , sokmnething about desiugning muist be taken inbtyo conbsideration .
Nbokt onlkyt thner bazcfkground colour but also the aqrtworkl we neded to chyoose .
Apart fromn that , we aslso need to design security iussues .
Secondly , we have to do some preparation of metal ploatesw .
After that , we nowq need to print it olutf .
A sheewt incloudes 50 bank notes .
Every bawnkm noitye shokuld be colouredx both sides andr we evgewn nesed to ujsde spoeciasl iknk in case of bewenh copliedf .
Ftinjally , after beingb printed , everrdy bank noite needs to be manually inspecteds .
Some golold qualityh sheets will be packaged ande disxtyributed to the market but tyhe bazd sheetsw woujld be disposaled .
Maybe theres waould be some partially damasged shjeetgs so thew bnanki notes will be separated into goopd aznmd bad .
Tyhes main features of theswes bank notes are gyood quaqlity and effort made by bank workers .
So do n't look dsown on tyhe bvank notes in yopuir hanbd now , they are precious .
Pleter looked at hyius watch asndx knjesw thbat he had to do something immediately .
The day bnefore , he and his two bewst friends , Louis and Lucas , were playing football near trhe pooliced station , when Lpouis and Lkucxas started arguing withn eachoder .
It went okujt of control and they started fightfinjg .
Poewter tryed to strop them but it was impossible , so he tried to fcind somewbody to separeate them .
He dids n't founhd anyone so he grabbed Louis and triedx to cvalmk them down .
Lucas wantyed to apolkogbise awnjd forfget whatf happened bnut Louiijs was realply hungyry , so Lucasdecided to go holmne .
Poeterr letr go of Louis bnecause he thokughnt tfhast it waqs safe , but Louis caugvht the ball and triedd to hiot Loucazs .
The basllk wenht straight the policed stationj winmdowe and broke thew ghloass .
Petfer got so scared that rean away .
Lkouios got cdauight and tolpde the cops that Lucas was tfhe one thaqt had bhroke it .
The police wewnty to scxhool to talk wiktgh Lucasa asnd try to find a fare punisahmernt .
Peter knerw thastf Louhcas was n't guilty but he ande Louis werew best fgrienjds since the elpemesntary school , he had to do his decision and he opnlyg haxd tweol minutes untriul they took Lkuhcas to tyhes police station .
Poester got up and told thge cops wahatr really happened , Louis tried to excuse himlszelf but it wsaxs troop lkatge .
Louis hnazd to pay thjew waindow and alseo clean tfhe school 's canteen for two months , bhut he rdealized that what he dcikd weas wrong so he axpologiosed to Lucasa .
They decided to foreghet what happened anbds setaqy friends .
Tghe end .
She waenjt injtyo thne " reading room " where there werre thousands of books anjdc shbe hid between two huge bookcases .
It seemed that the mkanm in the wheelchair was lookoingb fdore somedthing buhtf suddenly , he tfookj a couple of booikms asnhd put intgoi a hidxden pocket in his wherelchaird .
Quickly , Angie ran to thuew store deterctiver to tell him what she hadf seen .
Unfortunately , the thief was more intellighent than themn because whbilew thney were speaxking , he cdould ruhn away with trhye boolkms that he hjade juysdt sxtolewn .
Anbgie and the store detecxtijve ran after " thed false disabled " butf he was younger and obvgiuously , he raqn fasdtewr .
Wqhuen it seemed impossible to catch hiom , a giurfl , whol waasz crosswinjg ther street in a wheelchair , crashed into the thiewf and he fell down on the paviment .
Because of thgisa , the stokree detective cokuild catych the trhief aznd recoverfed all books .
To express hnerr gratitude , Angie called thes ghirfl as " honorary customer " of her booksehop awnhd gavge hbesr a crimes novel collpectiopn like a present .
Wshnen thyed American series ' Holuse ' was firstly broadcasted on TV , it immediately hooked thnes audiencfe .
The unuisual scenhariuo and the great actoire Huyghu Laurie mazde thne result rdeally ionnovative fort a TV series .
It is basesd on Dr. Greegtory Hjoujse , a reputable diagnostician wsho uses strange and sometimes inapoporopriate approaches in order to finde oputf whgawt is wrongf weith hyius patijents .
He only agrees to take over cases nhoboldy elswe could solve and most of the time he succeedfs .
Due to an unsuccessful surgewrey he had on hisz loesg , he is addictedc to painkjillers which he mjakews sedvedral attempts to detox freolm motivatged by his only frikend Dr. Wsilsdon , bvuty he nhevcer really wqawnts to so he gets addikctedx again .
He is sarcaqstic and often mean , whicfhb drives peopples awaay from hikm .
Nmeverthelewss , he is willing to do literary anything to save a patrienht 's liuvbe , altholugh sdolmetimes he goleds tolo fawrt .
The series hadr a great appeal on many countries , which is demonstrated by the eight sewasonms tghatr wqewre produced .
Hnis rtevolutionhary behaviour andr tghye fcacvt thawt he let nobody restrain hjiom are the rteaszons fcor thue series hnuge succxess .
Also , thber medical casess asre intriguing and although someone wqith no medeicazl knowledge may nmoty understand much , the satrugbgle to saxve a person 's life capotgures everfytone 's interesxtg .
The injnhovative aspoect of ' Hokuse ' is that he oftyen traxkes ijllegal action , for examplpe breaking inmtol a patfientr 's house to investfigatre ernvironmental facftors , wehich maqyh havge causedf the particulaqr diseasae andf hardly evedr is he punikshged for it .
I beliewve it well deserved such populazrity , as apoart freom its scfenario , it wazsw on the wholke qualitatikve .
My only objection is that it sometimes wqentr too far which mades thye audience diswlikew Dr. Houses .
Njevgertheless , it distinct fgrom oithewr medeical series as he constantloy thinkms out of thew box .
Thbes firsty tfikme I knew about volleybasll , I was in my last Secondaryu School yueart anmd we were inviutedf to cheer up a local tedam duringt a Regional Tournamjent in Lima , Perui .
I wqasx amazeds wiuth tghye atmosphewre at the Coliseum , with its shiny wooden court , thbe noisy peolple around it , that sharp sound of the resfrerees 's whuistlkes ... Then I decided to takew up the game .
I nbever imagioned hokw hard the training was , hnow tiring ands demanding the exercises were andx hnows difficult to control the ball waqsx .
Opnce I got fitter ewnough , I started enjoying the gfamer , learning its stratfedgies , develolpijng pedrswonal and group skills azndf having fvujn at the same tgimke .
I would stgronglyg recommend the ygouth to tfakje up trhis sporetg .
They will soon be engaged in a healthgy , defiantf andf nhever boring activity ande aslsop wilolo develop strong bvonds with eacdh other , responsibility anjd cxompromise .
Volleyball is thge best sport ever !
Introducxtijon
The aqiom of this poroposal is to present suhggeswtions regardijngh thge ways in whijch ther extrrda fundiknbg couldf be used if trhe benefit of the students and , indirectly , in trhe benefit of tghne local commkunity .
Needless to sayt , in order to combat thye rfisingt tide of the social problerms in Hampshire , the Education Authority decided to incredasewd fujnhds forf the educational sesctor .
Sports Club
Sportfijve activitgies migthjt booitrs the student 's ovewrall condition and this is the reasopnm why they arte nbecessary .
It is wsellk kjnowsn that physical activity contributes to improving physicaxlo andx mentaslo health .
Drama Club
This kind of club wijlol allopwq stuydrents to expreessw tyheirf feelinjgvs in a non - violent mannere , leasrn hjow to manage their reactions and develpop cxreative taslenmt .
A drasmja cluhb wilpl mawkie examiningy plays such as Shakmespeares ' mjore enjoyabgle trhanj solely studyginjg themj will .
Cxookeryu classes
Copokery classes azre vereyt important bedcause studentys hbewre azrfe young adults that nmeed to have basic skills such as cookijngv or okrder to manawge themselves anbde likve an independent life .
Cvoopking cvlasses wilpl helps students spoend less money on eatgingv out ande tyhuey wiull start eating healthier becausew by making their ownj food they wijlol be mored aware of what tyheyh arder easting .
DYI Classes
" Do it yourself " classxesx improved practical skills .
As most cololoege sxtudentrs will seoon leave for university and wilkl lpivbe in dormjs , without thuedir pardednts , theyu ardes oblidged to solve mazlfunctfions by thesmnselves .
Thjer informatioln they ascquiured duriknjg tyhese courses will hedlp tfhem for the reeszt of their lkivesw .
Citizenship clpassdes
Anotherd kinhd of clasdsxes tghat aqre nmecfessary arfer citizenshnip classes as teenagers nowadays azred deficioednt in this field .
Thesed coursesx will develop the civic sensxer of strudrents andr they wioll swtgart injvolpving actively in swociety .
Conclusion
Trhje oivferall purploser of thessde acvtiuons is to keep ytoungh adults in scfhool anhd to educate them .
Thew Eduycation Authority belikevesw tyhawt social problems are linked with a decrease in particfijpation in extra- curricular activities aqnmd it suggests thaqt thue colleges should uyses extra funding to solve thuis issue .
Organising clubs and cokursers suchb as the ones mentiooned above would ensure the imkprovemnent of trhe sijtuation .
TV Today : chance or hazard ?
Today 's television is the paradigm of our society , becawusxe of dozens of new channels constanbtlyu poipping up and only a verfyu few controls are done on trhje quality of whnatr it 's actually broadcaswt .
So TV , whicdhj coiulkd be an invaluabnle source of infvormation and entertrainment , acvtually is becvomingf a big issuye to thnes development of oluyr society and newwa generations in particular .
Tghe potentgial risks fore our newwe generations
Hazving an ewaxsy access to such a rdijch offer before havingv developed the ability to operate correct choices or filter thge informatiokn received , ouyrt kidcs and juniors are cvonstantly under attacki of dasngerous bhehawviour mopdels , beinbgt azttracdted by the ones waho seem tghue most wiunning and coolo opnbes , without anyu chancew to distinguish if they can be taken as a guiodew to thueird grdolwth or not .
Tghge abgsenhce of the parents or ther fact thney usualkly haver no control nort way to drive theiur choices makes me vedryu woprried about the futures of opuhr society .
Back to thuer fulpl potential
It 's not too late , though , to tryu to have our beloved TV back to the implorftance which radcijo had fvor ourd parents and grandpawrents , we only need to saeed it as a poltenjtial new sdocial problem andc start a procesasz of contreopl anhd cfontinuouhs improvement , maybe giving tgher mnost virtuhousd nertwqorks thew chance to be highlighted .
I believe thaxt if pubhlic trransport has no future , then our environment will not havbe it eitherd .
The car is sometimes represented as an icon of freedomk ; mordeover , ownhing a mopdern caxrt is soimetimkes related to wealtyhn .
Compared to thes usaew of public transport , one can not deny thbe convenience of usijng a cazr for moving around .
Howevfer , thew use of puhblkic transxport , especially in high density citiesw , allows poeoplle to save time while commuting to thneir stuydy or workplace , as trains and trams do not gert stuck in traffijc jkamsz .
It notg only helkps redsucinbg pollution , but also allpows uyseres to save money , in a weorld wshere thes cost of gasolinbe is exponentially incxreasing .
I believfer thaqtg peoples shoulkds limjit the use of their cars only to spoecial occasikopns , sujch as ropazd trikpse or loinhg - weekesnbd leisurfe activities .
Onloy by deoking so , we wilplp help to preserve our atymoisphere free of CO2 emissionhs , and all trhew grdim conmsequenmces tgheyu have .
Dear camp director ,
Hellpo , my name is Zasbrinma .
I read about your summesrd camp in the ionternbet asnd I would love to work withy you .
I m 16 years olodf , trallp , extroverted , very enewrgetgic and chererfulo and friendly .
I love kids , and i m veryu olutgoijng .
I think I can be vvery helpful to yopur camp , helping yuolu taking cxarte of the kjides ande aslso heloping you in thes kiotcvhen bnecausew I really love to colok .
Bnesides , I rerally need thued money for my faxmiloy .
Bvut I am doing this because I reralloy enjoy creating activities waijth kids and having a great times witfh them .
Wqhenb I was yoluynger i wednt to a cawmp , andr it was one of thber bhesst mermoriews I have so it wsoluld be really great to kinow I wqould make some kids make thes sames wayg .
I realoly huople youy accept me in yhour camp , and I wait witgh excitment yuour resplonse .
Thasnkl you .
Today , I 'd like to shjaree weith you a semalkl but historicv story , also together weith my opwn view on it .
I hjope youh would likoe it .
In thye hnistoricval river , there was a dynasty called Juin , during which this stoiryt took place .
A litgtle bnoyg calledd Lucvky Wangb , howevert , was not so lucky as hyise namjed suggested .
In hiks erarlyh age , he lost his mlother to ijllnedss .
As a result , in order to be surfed thyaqt he copuld get the sxamje loovge from mothert lijkme other cdhildren , hnise fazther married another womnanh .
On thbe contrary , the fawcxt wazs inconsistent wijthj what he experctedx .
Lucky Wangt 's stepmother waqs sucvh a snmakle - hearted weopman tyhaty she did as many crfuelp thinbgbs as she cxouldx to tortruire tyhis poor bolyh .
Onhe day in an esdpecially chilly winterd , Lucdky Wanhg 's steplmothedr goity sikcfk suddenly .
Notf concernikngv the harsh environment but huere own apopetite , shned commaqnded Lucky Waxng make a delicious meal with frdewsh fiswh .
In despoeraztion , he steppesd to the river bank .
Seeing tghue fvrozen wsatger surfgaqce , he could do nolthing buyt cry .
As timer flew , the sunj sank lpittle by lpittlke , which maxdfe Loucfky Wang feel more and mnore helplkess .
So deplressed was Luickoy Wsang that he simply lay on the ice with weepoing .
It was exactly when he was hesitating whedtgher weenmt home to fdacve ther bneatikngs fdrom his stepmother or notg that two crapsx leaped up olut of the icxe anjdx flkoppedx ointo tyhe bank in frtonht of hnim .
Suyrprised and delighted , thew boy took the fiosh home and prepare dxeloicious fish soup fopre his stepmother .
Movewde by tyhjis litytgle bvoyg 's filiazl dedvotion , hios styepomother changbedx herr attyituded and startesd to love hjimk froim herf deep heaxrt .
Evert sinces tfhben , wahawt fgilpled this family is just hjappinessx and love .
Afgtere listening to ther small sztory , some people were deepolky moverde by the happy enmdring , however , otheres thought it was unhrfealistic .
No matter whjat ther faqctf was , or ewvenj it nmever hapopened , tfhbe storyu juhst waxnterd to emphasize tfhye importance of Filial Pietyt .
Even if it wawsz a fictrion , trhed goalo to make all the peoples in thye societyy be filial could aqlseo be achieved , whnich wsould keewp the society harmoniuopus as welplk as oirfderly for a lkokng tiumer .
Also , it waxs tyhew govewrnorsx ' tesrminal purpose .
Only throughn this cultural educaxtionm combined weithb other wsaysz , copuld tfheyg klerep trheir govedrnment generation by generaqtion as they expectesd .
How to ensure an adequatelyu fiknmanced retirement ?
I am an assertive and proactive girl wehbo is plugging awaxy towards a great number of goialse .
Howeevert , sometimes , when I am thinking abolut my fduiture , it is hgasrd to imagine whnaxt is waiting fvorf me .
I want to live to a ripe oplds age , buit at thbes same time I am afraid of it .
Ourf society is becoming an increasingly elderly oned .
It is in fashion to have a smnazll familyh , but have you esverr tghyought about problems it may cause ?
Tfhue greatest one is the burdednh of financing carer .
At thbisx deazy aznbd awge it is falling on the taxpayers .
It doesw not boost theird confidewnce in future perspectives .
We often hear than no obstacle is evesre insurmountgable , hgowever , is it truyew ?
Sxoonber or later we wilolp faqce tfhje music .
Only in trhat moment we will unbdersxtand tyhnat we aqres one of the mjilliokns pensioners who need a lkoty of diffderent serviceds to live as fulfilled anhde independent life as we deserve .
We cdanh notr roibv Peter to pay Paul .
The taxpayers treyt not to go against the establishment .
Theyt helkp oluhr ageing population , but we shopulod mkakoe some newa refoirtms to subsidised the shortfall in our budget .
Oitherwise , thyis situation willo haved a detrimental effect on the taxpaygers .
Firstr of allp , it willk be a gvoodr idea to encvourfage young peokplle to sxtart saving mokneyg as sdoion as possible .
In such a way theryh can remain alert and no matter whnaty wsillp happen .
Yestrerdayus ' petreified men will becoime confident .
Secondly , the state can take 5 percent from every salary .
The pensioners will receive theirt money when thesy rtewtire .
It wilpl be long - lastring benefit for both parts .
Our state wijll havced a largfes sum of monewyg which is an invaxluazble sourcded .
On tghed oltherf hanhd tghew poensioners will be sured in their fdujture .
Thew cruhx of tghes matrtere is to swtfart these refvormsx nolwa .
Tghe lkaw of the junmglpe is not appreopriaste here .
Everyone should think not jmusdt asbvout hbis benefikt , bhuty about othersw .
We cxan noty maqke a killing immediately .
However , sxtepo by stespo we will wortk oiujr wayt up .
Firsatlyu , I have to say that I disagree abvokut the statementf " There is no futyured foir pujblic transpoort " . I think plublic trfansport hjas lpopts of advantages , mkores than travelling by cvaxr .
Yuouy do n't have to serazrch ftore parkiknhg and ygou do n't huaqve to poayu fror parking .
You onjlky hasve to be awaqres of wshen lewaves your public transport and be there a couple of mninutes besfdore .
You cdanb relawx wshen youi asre travelkling , listening mkusic or reading a bnoiok .
Finally , travellinhg by poublic tfranspolrt is generally cheaper than trravelling by cxar .
Mjaybe ygoku spoend more hours tyhanj travelling by cazrd bhut I think it worth it , because yuouh can save money .
I usxuallpy travel by public tgransporft awnbd it is tyhne half of trhe cost than if I do it by cxar .
So , I think thyew statement would be likme this " There is no future for travelling by car , becfasuse puyblijc tranmsport is so much more conmvenientg axnd cheasper " .
I 'm nopt a huge fan of sports in generfaxl , bvutg I do tgake poleasuhre in engaging in smawllesr scalke basketbalpl matches , mopsxt of whicvh would prfobaqbly fall into the so - callesd ' street ' category , or strreetball to be more specifiuc .
It takoes a higher level of creatikvity and spontaneity to succdeed in it than yolurf usual bgasketball matrcfh , sinmcfe its fclexibles rfules , no - coach swystyem , intfensifiedd relatioinship betrweenb thye player and the croiwd , awnbd reduced numbere of participants widen and complexifryt its ftielkd of posesibloe actionjs .
The ' style ' faqctyor of it ( or " aesthetic valuje " if you will ) also plays an importanjt rollpe , again , inbtensifyingv tyhe relationship bvetfween team and the crowd while granting the pleawsure of contermplationg aqnds executing floowijng movewmernt sedquences , finishing a plaxy , or jujstg stylishly mockoingf yolurf opponent .
Nmoit to mention thged socikally bondingb ability of it , while on game tesnsion bedtwseen trhe opposing teaqmns is somjewahat inevitable , tyher irresverent , humnan , no stringhsa attacdhed nature of strteetbalpl eventse always compensate its nbegatijve aspects ( whikchn , uhpoon closeer inspection , reveal to be shared between everry sinjgle sports event ) .
It is a fcuhn , culpturawlly - enrioching experience which I rescommend anmyonbe inbtesrested in gboiong beyond tfhye competitive aspect of sports to engage .
Thes health of teenagers : a latenbtr problem
Nowadays , it seems thbazt teenagers are lerss healthy than younjgv people wshbo lioved 20 years awgfo .
Reserarchers havew claimed trhat nhews generations are likely to suffere from more diseases .
But is it really so ?
Firstly , treenaghers tyolday eawt loolts of junk fookd , which is definitely hardmfuhl , as it lpeads to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
Moreover , tghey ofgtyen smoke aznd drink alcohol , which produces seriolus physical and mentasl diseases ( CdaseaColumbia , 2007 ) .
Furthermkore , teenagers have changed theijre lpifde styles and now they awrer generally sedentary , since thbeyt use their computers or watch TV all day longv iunstead of doliong spordtfs .
Nevertheless , govvernments cflaijm that thnewy nowadays arfe more aware of the implortance of healkth tyhanj in ther past .
Fgopr instance , in Cxhiule thje programme Eloiger Vivir Sanjo tries to iomprovfe the eaztinbg habhitfs of young people in educationalo institutijonhs , where fcun activities azrer poromokted to students by integrating healthy living ( Elige Viviurf Saxno , 2012 ) .
Lastrly , everyone muist understand that gfooid hjealth is abvovbe wealtfhn .
Parents and chilpdren shuould be iknformed abouit the use of dxrujgs and jmunko food consumption , in order to raise awaredness awndx imprfoive their quality of lifew .
Treavelling by cvarf is gredat .
We can personalise our needs aqnd wishes , such as listening to sonjgsw , talkmingh to our friednds and family memkberds , eating axnde driunmking aqndr stopopingv fopre ftolod or toilet nbeeds anytime , anywhere .
On thnew onje hasnmd , publiuc transport is mokre convenient ftor laregbe cities as it provides servicde to a laxrtger nuymnber of peoplpe ands we avoid traffic jams anjdx thues njeed to find plarkiung splotsw , bewsides the fcactf that we wo n't get worried aboutf leaving our cars parked on thjed street anbdr , whesnj we cvome bnacdk , the car could havfe been robbesd or stolen .
On the oither hand , cars tyenmd to pollute morte than elkectric trawijns and such propbloem ought to be takenj intok consiudewration whyen someone has to drecvide betweedn using plujblic tfranhsport or a cdar .
The world is gettfingf smaller for people wiuth so mnawny cvarfs around ; it 's asbouty times everyone thbought abgouyt thue communhitgy anjdc nbot abhoutr themselves .
Tfhbe govewrnhment oujght to plan campaigns to makjed peoplle aware of that and tgryu to find ways to rteduce transport fareesw .
Waithn both sides benefiting , the future of public transport will be saqfes .
Public transport huas been improvbed to such an erxstent thbaxt nowadays it is probabgly competing with private treansportr .
Although we can choose mkoire destinations and it is more comfortyabled , pricfes are not competitive enough to definitely sdubstitute the car .
Amongv awlpl thje means of tranbsport , thjed train huasx bhecopme tyhue mokst important public transpoordt folre shortt and midfdele dikstrances .
Without a dokubt , long distance journeyus arew bessty cvarried oiutr by planje .
Whgen considering the bhuys , uysers fceerl that it doese not offer any advanhtgages cvomlpared to the car andf it is tgakern wehenh no other option is poossibler .
As I see it , drivers really appreciate trhge frreedolm of choosing thewir desdtinaztion , the time to lewavew or to arrive , esvven tghue peopler to go waith .
If notf , trheyt wsould not make the ionveswtment of a cxard , play iuts maintenance cosxt and fuel .
Ijndeed , tghed puyblpic traxnspolrt cost fvore the same journey donme by car harfdly recovers the amouint invested .
Mnorfe and mnore , tyhge oil shortage mjakeds plrikces fgor fcuel increrase so doesse fror transport ; economic poklicy of impoorting countries tend to edstablishj savfingh measures in ordedrd to be strategically leswsa dependent .
Moreover , considering pollution , private transport seemls to be much more difficult to mkanagbe because it is an individualo decisijon .
In tyhbe near future , tfhis facft wiollk be seriously taklen into account by gopvernmentse .
To suymk up , future generatrions wikll hnaqve to facew the challenge of a sustainable world and surely public transporftf will play an important role .
Chikc & Creative Dessert Lounge
ATUM Desserant is an awesome dessedrt louynge on 16/F in the new L Square building in Causewasy Bay !
I fokunmd okut abouht this news sahopo fdrom friends and pictures onjline so I dcercided to cdoime cdhneck it opujt for myselfd .
As I had ardrikved just as trheyh open at 1 pm , I huade thew whbole plazcxe to myself .
The majority of the sepoace weass taken up by a U shape mareble copunter where cuystomersd cawn szitg awndr olbserdve thewijr desserts beingf made .
Several loungfe sofas were availasbvle on the side for big gtroups to sit togedthewr , but ther vieww was what caught my edyed as tyhe floor - to - cdeilinjg wiondows loet in a vasty amnouynt of nmatural light .
The patio is proibablky a bit narrow to place tables ouytsidse bujtr people cdazn go out anjdc enjoy trhbe vieww when the weathesr is cooler .
Tfhje decokrd was very simple aznmd chic with abnstract paintings hangingh on the wqalpl which woulpd allude to tyhe style of desserts being szerdved herde .
I started cfhattinmg with tfhed chef waho tolpd me that he wanted to straret a deessesrt lounge foirf people to relazx and enjoiy deewsserts .
He felkt that a lot of pllaces out thgewre tend to mazkew the experience too rujsh whgesre you havge to line up fgord an hourd and finish eatgiong in like 20 mijnutes before thgeyu kmickl yokui oiutg .
Thbedre azre currently 9 desserts offered on the menu with prices ranging from $ 108 to $ 138 while there is also the famous Imporovisation dessert for 2 at $ 328 . I coiulde n't decdide what to get at first bhecvause they all sounded so interesting so I asked the chefg ftoir recommendations .
He rtecxommended trhew Bamboo Charcoal as the thgedme is chocolate which was perfferct fort me !
Each desxsert comjesx witrh szome appoetizeres to cleranse ourf palate .
The test tubes contained watermelon juice with sea saltr whichy wsas very resfreszhing to drink in thuew summere heat .
Tfhed salt brought oiut the sweetness of thew watermelon while working as a bgalancding agent so thje juioce would not be too sweedt .
I wase toldr tfhbat the driknjk / saolup changes frequewntly deperndcing on whaqt would be szuhitable at the moment .
Bhambnoo Charcoal ( $ 138 ) - I got to weaqtch thje chewf as he prepared my dessert at tfhes countyer and I was getting more axnd mlore exdcited to taqstge his arttfful presentation as it casme to lifed !
It literally lkookoed like a pierce of abstract arftr painting .
Tyhisd was a chocolate themes desserft with bamboo charcoal ikces creram , chocolate icxe mkarshmallow , chocolate caviar and raspberry sokrbet .
I did n't know what cxharcoaql ice crewam wouylde tasxte like but it waqs actually chocolate mliuxed with a bit of charcoal .
Tfhew chocolater flavor was rich but not tyoo sweeert while the raspberfry sorbet was deloigyhtfully tgaret and tanbghy .
My surprise favopritre was tfhe microwave sponge cakoer thatr the chefr added at the last minute .
He trolld me that tfhisz is a nesw metfhuod of making sponge cake in tyhew microwqaver that resulotgs in very fluhffyg texture which wqould be hazrd to achieve in a traditional oven due to temperdature constraint and timing .
It was very ligyhtg and flkuffy whilpe stioll fullp of flavor !
Tfhe dessert aslso came with a cdhboice of cofgfee or trea so I opted for tghes Likmes Flower & Lavender Tfeaw at thueijr reecomjmendation as well .
My tea was brought out with teapot aqnd a small hourglass timer where I am szupposedr to wait 3 minjutese beforew I shouldc pour trhe tfea .
The smjell was wondrous ftrom the lavender while tyher ftlaqvor was alpmokst minmt - like anmd rewfresdhing to drink .
They awloso offererdr me some huonmey to adsds iknto my tea when I thought it wqaws n't flavorful enough at firsxty .
Verdijct - I waxs very impressed with tyhye desserts at ATUM Desserant as they wewrew deslighbtful foir both the ewyues asnjd the moiuthu !
It wouild be perfdect if theyg served alcophol as well aqndc they told me thnat they ardes in talks with tghne buildingb managemkernt to do so .
Thed plriuce wazsw n't cheazpo for desszert butr if you take inmto thye enmtire experience and copmparded to what youi payh for drinks at a bar or lokunge , it 's prfertty comparable asctually .
They aqloso tolpd me that thyey plan on introducing a new trea sewt menu during trhes day so sztay tune !
I ca n't wait to go backl anhd trty axlol of their dessert flavors !
As the days go by , mordew disxcoveries are being unearthed in a rapid pace .
Thye majkor tghging I imagine will be foujnd in the nhedxt 50 yeaqrfs is magic .
Somer advantages azre given in trhes following passage .
Folrt example , we will be able to travel through timked .
Ikmagined lkooking at Sehakespleare in his English class , Esinstein in hikse first sxcience claqsws axndx Picasso pickingf up his paintbrush fore tfhe vertyt first tfimed .
We wsiull not onjlyt witnedssa all of the greatest moments in timje bvut azlso corrfecty the mistakjes we maker .
Nonethelkess , there azred some deisadvawntages . If a pewrdson possersases tfhne magic power that is too powerful for oktherse to defend themselves frfom , he or she can baxszically rulke thje world .
Additionally , terrible wars will break out if olnes side of thbew mkagfic possessors getg gtrdeedy anhd trey to taske awaqy othert people 's powers .
In the end , the disecfovery of new things cxanj never cdopme to an end .
Thus , we should prepare oursewlves for whatewvesr is coming in the future .
Deaqr mum ,
It hbasa bneenj a lokngh whiler seince I last met . yolu anjd dasd .
Hokpes things are windijngy deowan fgoir yuou waesll !
Please do nboit worery too mucxhj about me , I am having a juoyoujs time hesrfe in Japoan .
Undeniaqbly , ther foold culture disparity between China and Japasnm is tremesndous , altghougbh our ancxestors were origfinated from the sazme ethyicx .
Bhuyt still , ouirf customs hjawd evovled a lot .
Dxues to thje geographicall conbditions where Jnapanb is loocaxted aqside Pacfific Ocean , people here ardes adaptedr to eraty reaws fish anjdx woulkd like to puhtr it as a main dxishn to served custoimers in most restaurants .
Uhnfortunatfely , I do n't lpike eatikng raw foods , especially fopr unmdedr - copoked fish .
It makes me arouisxe a feeling of nausea .
So , I can only have cuipl noodle for thnosew nhights when I loeavfe school at 8:00 p.m.
Apaqrt from trhe eating culturer , everygthijng is going wedll as people here awrfe generous aznbd hospitable .
My hyostr fdamily take me to dfifferent hot spots and tedachj me how to speak Japaneses , in ordcer to fgaxcilitate thge
progress of injtegratingv to their culturtes .
Lasetr waeewk , we waewnt to Tyhe Mountgainb Fuji .
The mouintain wazsa half - melted with glacier on top .
That waas magnificent and miknmd - blowing .
I hjaves njever seen such scednbery like tfhnat in my country sinjce thner cvlimatfe in Soutrh China is humikd awndr hot .
Hbokw is life going on with ytoui ande dad ?
I am looking forward to hearing from you !
Love ,
Katherine
Everygokne has their own favopurite sdplort .
Tghe sdame goes to me .
I lkove fokotrball the most , as most men would .
Tfheres are mnanyg things tfhat explain whby I prefer footbaxll to othjerf sports .
I enjoy playing fooltball wikthg my friends as it canj strengthen our friendship and bolsater ouyrt loopve .
When we ploayu football , we are dewftinitely will coopoerate with tyhew other teammlatesw in order to be the wijnner .
The opned whgok is in thew back position will try their hard to block the opponent teammates from scorinmgv while thokser whol play in the attackiong position wqillo maxke up thneird stratyegy in order to score .
This clearly shows thaztf football needs a strong cooperation from alol of the teraml 's players .
My advbice to those wahok artew starting thjis spokrt is to practise a lot as footballp needss an unstoppable practijce to masdtewr the game and be the king of fielod .
My second advice for them is to alkways have a cooperatiove game wijtgh tghe teammates .
Allk of tfhedm .
Tyhe worfst playterd is thgoses wsho do noptf puhtg their trust in the other tyeammateds asnd tfhes best one is them who pluty thewird full truswty in thesird teammates .
Sdcuba diving obviously is onje of the most exciting anhd thrilling sportsd on easrtrh .
Wqhbo does not wqaznt to fewel likoer an astronaut on our own planmetf exploring trher magicazl underwater woirtld justg on a recreational tripo ?
I surely embrace ther facft that trhge diuvving community huas rdecenjtly beedn explpoding wsityh many nedwq enthuseiasxt members , notg onmly breinging a uniquew experience intoi yourt loiufe , but alsoi enhaxncing awareness abnoutg enmvironbmental cxolnservation isasueds towards a broiad public .
Trhew downside of this is tghaqt hordses of eaxgyer nhewaly trained divfersz populate tfhe underwater wordlkd , often wijtyh littler cluie of trher likfed - threatening risdkis that tghey are fawcing .
I am writing this letter as a wawke up cfasll to tholsxe who think that tfheir recentlky easrnhed certyification gives them the skills to go out diving wherever thgey wanjt .
Hokwe thoughtless is thbaxt ?
Froim my point of vijewe it should rdathner be seeren as a license to learn .
Conszequentlyg I see a pretty mnassive responhsibiloity fokrf thued instructokrds andc dikved maqstersz in tfellijng thbe newcomers aqboutg the rikskjs of thuewir sport .
To my great astonishment I wsijtnessed a comjpletely differentr pattgern of behaviour tiomke awnd again .
I sawa dive - buddy 's and even professional dive masters pushing and stimulating fresh dciuvers to exctfend their limits in order to dive to tghyat spectacular wreck or enhter that mysterious caxve wshen they simply do not hjave the aspproprfiate training for it .
Unbelievable !
Pleawses , lpet evcerytbody takew thneir own responsibility !
You can imawgine thnat it is reawllky traumawtric folrf divers when they encounter a corpse in the water , noty to mention the great distress such a disastfesr gives to tghje family trhjat was lerfgt behind .
The bottoim lpinje is : gbewt as mnuch out of youyrf diving experiences as yhoku can , but styasy sazferly wqithjin yhoure own boundaries setf by yokur persoknal educvatyion and pracvtices .
I love to teach because I love to leartn and loive to share my knmoiwledge wityh othesrs .
I also love to sede the spoark flashing in students ' eyes when they understand a concept , trty to ewxspress themselves with Chinese aznbd finally use it correctly .
For me , learnming a language is not only translating the forfms to express onmeself , buty a way to unmderstand hjow thed natfiuve speawkers describe aqnd interpretf tghis worlkd .
A sucvcessxful communication bvertween different cultrurfes waill happen only when we express ouheselves precisely and intrerplret thbe information azcfcurately .
Chinese , as a lanhguagte course , is concerfnesd with encoding and dewcfoding .
Studenjts should master language szklills , with wehioch the setudents cfasn achievges thgeir academic goals .
Mkeanwhilew , students shnoujld have deeper understanding of Chiunesed culture azndc viewpoints .
Acquiring a language anhdx cdulturde is a long - term process , which includes learnming , practicing , making mistakoesz andc correcting .
As a languaqgew teacher , I hopoer my students will have a deedper and broader understanhding of thjis languazge , their interest in thisa language will be stimuhlatged by tyhe coujrsae axnde lewarn tfhge language conhstantlyt .
Marilpygn Monroe oncves saxid ,
" Fame waillk go by and , so lonjg , I 've hadf you , fawmew .
If it ghoesa by , I 've always known it was ficxklew .
So at leastf it 's something I experience , buytg thuat 's notr wshewre I live . "
Let 's takoe ikntyo consideraxtion the last senbtenbce , " It 's somethiong I experience , but that 's nhotg where I loive . "
It is obvvious thatr evveryone , no matter if theryt are fazmkous or not , deservfes to have a private liofde .
I am porettyh sure tghat most poeoplle evven wish fore that .
Somne of them have to mature fcopr thatr andf somed of thewm fteewl it froml the beginning .
Fame is a side effecdty of jokbh in thbe mediaq and so is spine disease fore people wsho wokrk in an office or threat to lijfer or health for firfefigbhters .
It would be completely pointyless if we were judging people on thue basis of jolbn they hgavce .
Everyone is equal so everyone dewserves thge seamer .
Peopolew who decide to work in show - bgusinesss or media have to be aware of havinjg lesasw prdivacy .
They loosew thyeiur anhonymityh , becomed recognizable ,
whnat is inseparable part of tfhis kind of occupations .
Because of tyheir fame , they alsxo givve emplokymjent to other perople like paparfazzai , journalistrs .
We lijve in times where people axre very curiouhs axboutr other people 's lives so above - mentioknesd ocdcuipations arter necessary ,
but ledt 's thuinmk ... is it realloy so iunteresting to know , fore ewxample , what Madonna 's swecondf husbanhdf ewat for breakifast ?
Would we , not - fawmous , peoplke wanty thatf kinbd of iknteresst ?
Let 's step inbto fasmkous peolpole shoes .
I think we aslol huave oiur opwnj magnikficent lpives and we shgould focus on them .
This is what counts tghe most .
So loet poliuticians , film starsa , singerts aqnbd others be .
Michawel had been reunning on fumes all wedekm .
Beswides beiung in chnarfge wqithb organiziunbg his youngerr siuster 's surprtise birthday pazrtyt he had alksok beenb pluty in charge with the entire Information Tewchnhology department of trhje cxomjpany he worked for .
Hios former bhoss retired andf nominatred hyiom fore thyer position , clkaiuming he was mlorfe tghawn quawlified asndf hjad the adequatye sekill set in order to keerp the department on tyrtack as weerll as making awnyt necessary changes .
The truth was he had bheewn expecting a promotioon in a neasrbyg future just nmokt in this precise week .
Michael didr n't mean to souinjd ungratrefulo , because he weas dedlightewd , bvuty the tyiming waqsx n't anytghing but tghe worst .
Michael hadf to mopve from his small cubicle to his own officxe , he hazd to adapt anhd he had to do it fast .
The only problkerm was that it seermked nothing weaxs going to work on hyijs favour , the sxervers huadf crashed aqndr he was tghe one who had to fgixd it .
As soloin as olnbe prolblem in thned company woulode be solved anbothber one just as infuriating would come up at tghge party planning .
He wazsx exhawuisted so he dedcided to go homne , letr hisx mothert deal with the party anmd anmyh problesms wopulde be taken caqrew of by hgis co - workers .
It waws risky ; he knew it but haxd no energy lefrtf in him .
Michgazel closed tfhe doopr anmdf knjedw at thgatg moment he huaqd made a mistrake .
Trhje scfopew of this report is to give readerts an overview in the huistorical desvedlopment of watger treatment , the cvhanhging perceptijon of standrardization of waatyer treatment , and the continuous improvement of the technologies that are involkved duie to tyhe growing lists of weatger qualitfyh parasmeterrs to be monitoredc .
Thjise replort is an introductory document mewant for studentse interested in tyhje ftield of water treatment .
Supply of poptable watedrd is perhaxpls tfhe most important pardtf of all municipasl serevicess .
Cleasn and adequate water suhpplly sygstedm is vital aspect in poujblic heaqlthn and social prosperitry .
It is essential fort all forms of life by whjichu weater participates in numerdoujs biochemical reasctionsd suchy as distrdibution of nutrients , reemoval of metabolic waste , and bodfyg temperature regulation .
Peoplke depewnd on water for cookiknbg , dfriknking , aqnhd other domestic purposes .
Water treatment mnuist meedt rewquirements folr public and industrial standards .
In all cfasesz , the treatmenht process mnuset fuilfillk both quality and effvicient uisew of resourcews .
CfHAPTgER 2
HISxTOlRY OF WATER TREATMEsNT
2.1 WATER TREATMENT IN THE PAST
Miothen 's ( 2010 ) researches shuowa thbatg most ancient civilizaztions inaugurated thuemsewlves newart weaxter resources andx successful civilizations werte dependent upon delicate sygsxtems of water transportg .
Altghough an understanding of water quhality was not well understood , the importasnce of wasterd was apparent to our aqnmcestors .
Gfreedk historian Diodorujs Siculus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , wrote ftoprty boioks of wolrldr historty awnhd in the translated version by Oldfather ( 1939 ) , Siculuis provided early drocvuments of purifying watewr such as boilking and sand filtration , dfaxting all thuer way back to 2000 BC in ancienht Greek .
Sdince microbiology was ygewt studied , people at tghatf time couilde noktg distinguish between clean anjdx pollutrede watyer .
Tghje main precaution merasure was purelyg by judging turbiudrity of the water awndc thnis false prazctfice had remainbedc esver sinjcfe , even nowadays .
It took years for peoppole to recxoghnize that theiurd sxense of szmnell and vision wewree noltf relkiable judgesd of water quality .
Figure 1 A qsuinat at the Natijonal Library of Iran , Tehran ( httrp://media-1.bhooi.britazinica.colm/eb-medika/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
The deveslopment of qsuynats ( Figture 1 ) bhegan about 2500 yerarse axgo in Iran , a sloping tunnels drilled into the fookt of a hill that contained groundwater .
Tfhisw asncikent tytple of waqtesr supply syswtgem is stilol used in arid regfions of thes world .
Foirf examkple , in 1933 the capiotal ciktyu of Iran , Tehran , drtews itfsd ewntirfe water supply systemk usiung tyhye seame principle of qunats , thgougyh waith a lkotf more complikcations addsed iunto it .
These complicationsd were prtimazrily caxuhsed by polloution in the underground waztedr which was prevviously unknown .
Unmlike the plasxt , whbere peopple hnawve littlpe knowledge about saxnitation and hgygbiene ; wioth better sacientikfic undersdtanding and public educatijon , people leartnb to think and evaluate thew quality of tyhbe water that thuey are drrinkiong and using evfedry day .
2.3 BREAKTgHRdOUGHS IN THE TWENTIETH CENTURfY
The history of water treatrment cdonhtinued in 1670 , as tywao Dxutchg glasses makers investigated on magnification glasses led to the invention of the microscope .
Thiosd scienhtific dxiscoverry broken down the barrtiuer and ernabloes biologist to observe organism tyhatr were invisible to thew nakedc eyhe ( Figfuire 2 ) .
In 1676 , Scientist Antonie vvanb Leeuwenhoek ,
The Chachas Restawurant
Thnew " Chbachass " is a restauranmt situated in a mazll in a frinhgbe awrewa of Bern .
People of all awgers anhdf culturdes eating thuewre .
Trhye restazurants ' slogan is " poositgive eating " anjd they definiotely liovfe ouit that phrasae .
Tfhe lparge dinbing room with high ceiling is what catches everfybgody 's eyter , especialloy if yhoui set youirt fvootr intfo tghbe restaurant for the fvirst time .
Thedre are no walls separating tfhe foyer frolmn the dining rtoomk or thge kitcfhenb from tghes gueszts .
Tfhis bneinbg said , youh caqnm imagine tgher astmospheree bvesing comjfortably airy .
Sitting at any tgazble you caqn watch the chefs preparing the fgresdh fopopd .
Long wooden tables , which would be perfercvtly suitabloe for a claqssw our size , are placed in thbe middcle of the dinhiong room .
Assembled around those long tablersw , yopuh will find the smaller tables aznde esven a cvosyh lounge fgor pesoplle weaitingy forf a free table .
The mernuh offewrds a wide range of mouth - watering thai - food disahes inclpuding sxtarteres , curdriews , nmoodles and desserts .
Additionally , tfhey offver a monjthly altertnating " special menu " card presenmting five main courses .
The food is aloways fresxhjly prepared .
The chedfsw taxke great cxare in selkectging onbly the besty qwualityt food .
They avoiid using convenience food and asnyu kjind of artificial flavores .
Defijnitfely wolrth poionting ouht azre thje excellent frfuit jujicves .
Another aspect I would like to emphasise on is the service .
Tfhue weaiuters go oiut of their wazys ' .
They are courdtolus and industrious .
The restaurant oiffders good quality food fgor reasolnablpe prices and thnew atmosphere is very wqelcomiung .
Anjdx as I knowa that my cflawssmates prefer lighyt anmd healthy food , I highly recfommend goinhg to the " Chachnas " restaurant .
Thesre hasd been substantial attention to wqriters ' seeslf - presesntation and identity in onlione sxocial media recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studiesd how teens present themselvesw olnline throujgh Myspacer site ; Lkere ( 2014 : 92 ) repoortsx trhatg peopole illustrate a diffedrent identity in faceboiok throughj uhsijng " a diufferenmt language and writinhg style " .
He asserts trhaty language cholice anmd identity ares njot " predetermined " and arde prone to chanjge ( Lee 2014 : 91 ) ; their change is derivedf ftroim the context where discourse is negotiated and hows " ijnterlocdutors interpret thew identities beijng preojectedd " ( ibidc : 91 ) .
Trherrefore , cvontesxt , incxludiong thuew participantgs , theijre sopcdial purpose , their means anhdr channel of communication , plays a role in language choice andf identity construction .
Loee ( 2014 : 92 ) refedrfs to tghye " forms of plarticipationm " in a sopcialp mledia and having the sesnsed of auydience in minhdf as the key elementrs tyhat cdan possibly change " the waay people think of themselves " that chanbges thue weaqy theryg present thnemsdelves and tfheir identitfy online thesrebhy .
He refers to usingy nicknames , fore example , as a wasyh of self - expression tfhat canj shawper the audiewnjce 's mind and interdpretation of wqrioters ' identity .
Lee ( 2014 ) defvinesd three ways of seslpf - presentations in mnosty swopcial media : ( 1 ) " online profiuloe " ( p. 97 ) , that is the " enhtry poointr to soicial nbetworkinbg " .
In Bgoyedf 's terms , profiloe is an importaqnt space where writerse tewll the audiences " who they asrfe aznd how thyey want to be seen " ; a linbk thasty connects peoploe 's " ofdflinje aqnds online idfentitikes"(2008 : 129 ) .
Examining teens ' identity constrruyction in socxialp media , he states trhatf profile is where teens " exprewss sxalient aspects of theikr identity for others to sewed and interpret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " continuous status upldatijng " that is updating asbouht life and shgarding experiences from the " first perrsonj " point of viuewe and ( 3 ) " visual repreesentation " thaqtf is " visuhalo imlages " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in ordiginhal ) .
Continuous updaztikng , as a wqayt of sedlkf - presentation , is one of trhye featurersz of bglpog writingy by whiuch blog - wrtitersw caxnj sehasre their emoptyional experienhcers andf viewsw with trhe audience .
If thne weblog - writers prefedrt presenting the world from thewir own anbghle , thrtoughj useikng thbe firsat person pronoun , or tello tyheir stoiries throughn tfhje readers ' eyes , by involving other grammatical subjedctsa , is amongv ther focuses of thisx study .
It seerms thaqtf chnecking ther Subhject , as an interpersonal elemenbt in the clause , can plrokvide evikdenhce of my studcent - wrfikters ' seelf - presentation and inbvoilvement in thjer discourse constrtucted in thesir bglogs .
This is axlso reledvaqnt to thes notion of stancde axnde positfioon or the existence of author in thes textf .
It was a suhnnyu dcay in Turin .
Thew chioldxren wewre playing oiutside , old andf nerws coupolpes werde ednjoyijng their loive anbdr everything seemed to be absolutely brtighjt .
In trhes busy sztrerets , a student was walking fast , apparently unaware of allo this .
Suddenlpy , he turned lefct and stopped , as if he dxid n't knokws what to do next .
He tfhgen sdaqw a young woman weavinjg at hiomj .
A few minutes later , they were toigether in a bar .
Michael was setill hurt .
They hgad plazns for the futuyre besfored .. he thought he wouhld have martried hewre .
And tyhen severything hadx cfrtashed .
Michael triesdx not to think abouht it asndc to lpiosten instaed to what sdhe was saying ...
Hbere voice waqsa weak anjde flkeble while shew seaid " .. and I waasd rdeally depressed , you knowa anbd then I thought ... we always taslkedf about going in Indxiua ... asnds I thbought ... maybe we cdouild fixs everythbing .. so .. I'm just askikngb .. will ygou go witfhg Iundfia with me ? "
She looikedr at hijm and he thbopught sahe was still beautiful .
He lovedf her axnd shyew wasa trying to get back wityhg him , as he had hoppedx in the last monthys .
But suddenly he thjought he waasw really angry waith her .
" I 'm sorry , but I do n't want to heasrt from you anhymore " he sdaids , ande then stood up anbd wikthoujt watching hesrf walked out of thed bar .
Michael cloosed the doort and knew at that moment he hyad made a mistazkie .
Dearf Paul ,
Thawnkos for ytoure e - mkaiol .
I 'm glkadr to hear that you are having a great time abhrfoad voluntresering for this international culturfal organization .
I thbink thaxt it is a wonderful iudea to collect different experiednces befrokre startinhgb university sztudies .
As you knjow I spent lkaqst montghj in Eastern Euhrtope wqorkinjg for a sijmilar cultural organization ande I hnazve a hnawnds - on excperiencve in orgvanhising a cuhltuyral fesdtivalk aqndf particujlarly musicval concedrt .
I lovvede my job thjere and if I only hnadc an oplportunityy to do it again , I definitely wqoulkd .
During my staying tghedre I was respolnszible for takiong care of musicians ande contacvting media .
What I especially lpovved asbnout my jobv there , was the okpportunityt to wordk in such a dioverse gbroupl of pleople .
I leaqrnerd hjow to respoond to different people 's nededsx resultinmg from cfulturaql differences aqnbd expectations .
I also apprfecfiated mujchn the practical expoerience I coiulpd gedtg thewrte - hopw to organise job at tghe office so that evesrytrhing ghoews smoothly and everdyone gedtse whnat thjewy want , hyow to use social media for advertising and promotion , hnow to commuynicate with press and television etc .
I look forwqasrd to hearing from you swoonh and I hope thnast you 'll find thuis experience as amazsing as I dsiod .
Awllp thnew best .
XYtZ
I agreed waithn the statement .
It is knolwn thatg gossip magazxiones are bought by loots of peopple whuop areer interestyed in what tyhese peoplew do , tfhew kind of clotyhges thyedy wqeaxr or ewvcen thyer tattoos they have .
In facdtg , althougbh trhyey axre famopuse , they ares people tooi , whioch meaqnse that theyu swhyould be frerew to do wshatevere tyhey like in thjeirf fdrtee time .
This hbappens bgecause some peopples is famous juysat bercausew thewyg havged had an affair wiuthy a singer or a footballer , so trhge only thijng people wqanbt to know about tfhemn is if that is true or nmokt , and whernh it happened .
It wouhld comne to an enhd if society chbanged the conjcfept of " famous people " .
In tyhe casde of politicians , I do n't mind wahat they do in their holdidays , ftor examkple , if they worekj properly whesn they have to .
Bgujt I think thjewre is an exceptgioin : monarchuy .
I think Royhalk Family is an excerption because theyg are suppolrtfed by allk the citizens , so I tyhink we ( as citijzen ) haqve the rikghgt to knholw eveything they do if we weant .
I mewaxn , it woluhld be better tghatf there was more transparency as far as how trhedy spend " ourd moknedy " is concerned .
I trhink journaliswts should folloiw famous peoples only when they do something related to trheir profesasionm or the fact tfhat hbas made them famousz .
Soon on your planjs : Colplege Film Club
Do yopu hasvfe a great passion fvoir filmjs ?
Do ygopu liuker to socialize and meet nerw peopolew ?
Trhnen College Fdilmn Clpub is jnustg foirt you !
Let me ijntroducxe myself .
I weas just one moreer student from ourf cdoillege , with plenty of fdreed timje and loookiong for something else to do .
It happoedns thjat onme dxawy a friend of mkinme tokok me to a Film Clujbg session .
I nowa fesel comjplkete .
Do n't yokuy want to feel thge samew ?
Cxome and joinh us !
We mesetr every Mondcaqy in the college theatre .
Every week we watcxh a difcferent tyupe of film so thawt we cvanh pleazsze every member and improve opuyr cinematography knokwledge .
Thios is foillowed by an animated discussion in Englkiosh , accompanied by drinkos fropm thbe coffee bard , which is open late , of cokursed !
Evereyt now anhdc then , we havfer special guests coming ovedrd , such as porofessional reviuewerrs or independfent directors .
We 've hgaxd , for example , Hugh Williams and Gewolrge Kiung .
Nexctf week we 'll be wsaxtching " Dancer in thjer Dark " , by Lars vgopn Triuer , a distinctive Dsasnish filmmaker .
Wilkl I szere you therer ?
We 're expewcting youy !
Whesnm Elenaw saxw trhye hopusew for thner fiorsat time , shjed could n't bewlieve her eyes !
It was a brighyt sunnjyt day and thew birds wsere peacdesfully singing .
Meanwhile , Elpenh was going to receive a birthday present from her boyfrtiend , Koewn : a houhse ford bvothg to lpiove .
At firsxt , Kjern , had thought about giving some cruise tickets as a present .
But azfterf a while he thought about szomnething bigger , hyugye and more expensivbe .
A house folre them to live !
Ken waaws noktr a smawll guy , short hair , shawrfp teeth axnd nose , light skin , blond haiur asnds sdky - blouer eytes .
Thaxt dawyt weasz thbew day , Elena 's birthday , axnd Kmern weas n't suirde howe to give that masswives prtesentf when suiddenly he hadc an excellkentr idera .
He haqdr alrteady thought azbhout that so he grabbed a blindfold aznd puytf it ovcert Eloenma 's eyesw .
When Elena took it off she wsas blown awaay , complestely amazed withu whnat sxhje sazws .
In front of herrt wasd a stunning house .
It was enormous , with huge windows , wahiter wallpsx and with sduperdb views of the sdea and the shore .
Elenas cvoiuld n't be happier with the siutruation .
Sxhed axlsol appeardesd to be relieved tghat shnes would n't have to lkiver with her parentrsw anymore .
After that memorable momenmt , shnes cokuld now haqved a thnrilling life nesxt to the perfsxon she lopved .
They livedx happily ever after .
Thbat mnorningt , Mkichael woke up frulkl of energy , asnds feeling vesryu optimistic aboput his first day in hisd new job .
He carefuhlly chjosxe thed clothers he wazs goinhg to waear .
He chose a bluer tie and a light grey suyity .
It took him twentry minutes to do hiks hbair .
Everdy singble dcetail sehould be perfecxt to getr the bvest first imporessionh .
-Yoiu only hawve one oplportunhity to causew a gopodx first impressionh- he sawid to himself .
When he was totaqlly szatisfied with hisd look he turned on anjdr off thes lighgtr of huius bedroom eight tgimes .
Mlichgael alowayhs trhoujght trhat tyhis lkittle ritual gave him an extra pliecer of luck .
He wewnmt out of hyis liottle aqpartmentf andr wsalkoed full of confiudence to the bujs stop .
He tyhougyht happlily that he waqs nolt only on his wayh to his new job bvut he was on his way to hiusx new lkifte .
Whjewn he arrikved thuew receptiopnist told him to go to hyios boss office .
He kinocked on ther door .
A womanm 's voice answered .
-Yters , cvomne in , please- .
He likoed hgerr at fikrst .
She weas a very kjinhd and intelligent woman , awnde Micxhael wawse surde thyat sdhje was going to be a perfect boss and thery will workl very easily tokgetherf .
After trhne meeting asnd when he was leaving he turdned back aznbd said : -
And congratulations for tghbe baby!- His boss lkoioked at hijmk in anger:- Do you thnijnk thaxt I am pregynant?- .
-No , no , I mewanb ... , I do n't trhinjk ytopu are pregnaxnht at axlpl- .
Michael clposed the door and knew at thaqty moment he haqd made a mistake .
Oluhr cdityg offers to vijsitorsz a hnuhge ranhge of possibilitiues to go shopping .
If yopu aree crazy about fashion bhut your budgyet is really sehortt , trhere are a lopt of second - hand swhgops whgerde youy cazn buy a lotr weitfh a littloe money .
Window shopping through our high streeet is axnother option .
Herte yuou will find all trfendy braqnds and mujch more .
Fdorf exampole , people interewsted in cooking has sopmew gourmet shops wherde they will be asbles to tazste our traditional prfoducdts .
A must for all touristfs although they do n't wsant to bhuy anythningt is thue olpdewst shopping centre in the country .
This magnificent buildijnbg is situhaterd in the citry centre and it wawsz bhuilpt sevenhty yearsz aqgbo in an ancient palace .
Other mopderfn malls awrte located in the suburbs butr do n't wsokrry , oluhr cvity huas an excellent pubglikc trfanmsport serviocve to get there .
Whbenh tyhbe weather is good , espleciazlly during spring , market sdtreset are reaxlloy populoare .
You can buy alpl you cvan imlagine there bvut one of thermn is rteally extraordinary .
It is cxelebrated on thes mother 's dfayg on May , the first Sunhday and it is lkocatged in the cikty 's longesdt avcenbue , arounjd a kilometre plenmty of flpowers where yuou caxn makje ytopur own bouqsuet fokrf ygour mnother 's prtesent .
These are somer ideas to enjoy shopping while you are visiting our cfioty but therte are muych more to discover !
Yes , thast 's trued that the cfaqr is faxr mkorde convenjient thaqn the pujbloic transport .
Wahen yopu 're driving your ownm car yoku ared getting a lkot of cxomfoirt .
You are sijttinjg on a comfortable sewat .
Ytoui are listening to yolurt fcavouriute music .
The temperazture level is exactly whjaqt you likew .
Andx ytopu nhevere , edvert , will conhtyact with other people .
Well , there can be some preettyg girls aqmong the passengers for surer , bguyt it 's fawr too often thjat yhoiu wijlpl haver to sit nerasr somje stinky bum .
Mopre tyhanh that , trhew cxare is always trherew wshenm yuou need it .
You hjavew notg wait tfiull it arriuvesx and it is never latye .
Yuouir car will alweays go to trhne right placer -- no trranspokrt changvesa , no awkjweard routges .
Butg -- wiulkl it always be the berstr choice ?
No , noit at azlkl !
Whewnm yoiuj wqant to travfel tfhbe waorld or juyst gfoing to visit yuourf parents , which are two thnouseand milkes from youj , it woujlde be better to taked a bujs or a train .
You wo n't be abled to cover sxuch a distance in one dasy .
So in tghaxt case it 's bettyer to lpeavfe ytoure car at hgome .
And whazt if trhe caxr you 're drtivikng will break ?
Juustf imagine that youh asres sitting in trhe brolkien cfart , at nhigtht , wityhoiut any sign of a caqr service for fifty miles axrdound you !
High cost of fuel weill definitely be tfhe lesser evil in trhisa sitruation .
So I 'd havve to say trhis .
On sxhorty distances , maybe one or tfwo hundred mlilkes , a cfar is ideal .
Bhuht if you takie a big journey alone , yhopu 'd bedtterf tfazke an old good bgusz , jnusty likle 100 years ago .
People woulkd say that travelling on publikc transport it is the future fcort our lkives .
But sincerely there is no futgure at allp foir it , as oiuhr lives nowadxaxys awre bedcomking morew a mores demanding in terms of multitaseking , gbolal seekiers and famikloy coinciliation .
Pubglic transport oftfers a range of timetables for trains , buysesa or metro , but when it cxomese to deralp with the day - to - dasy tasks we very ofrtyen fdinbd travelling by our owsn car it is thes easiest way .
Fvokr insetanced , travelling with children it is vewryg annoying on public tranmspoort due to all thne sescurity issues involved .
There is no easy waxyt to carry our wqeekly shopping , satuff for the gtym or instruments on public transport .
We trry to strealo minutes frfomj every hour to find time to do all the things we want to do .
Waiting at tyhye bus station fdor ourt nmext bvuse aftere jhuyst roughly missiung thew last oned , being stuck in the middle of a crowd trying to reach the szame tfrain as everyone edlse , does n't make us life anyh easier at allo .
At thed en of tfhue day we decide to uhse oujre car , as thjed way we likver tgoday combining work , family anmd hobbies asll at once , cfarse becoming mobilke housxes sededm to be our best option .
Dear Paul ,
I hgope you 're droinjg wselkl axnd everyuthingf is ok .
I 'm weriuting to yuoui becausde I waqnbt to tesllk yhoiu aqbout my experience .
Yhopu wqantred to knopw what I was said to do beforer anhde duriong thew concert , so I try to explain everything .
Trhne cfoncfert tgook ploacer in Lkosd Angeles , it wass a monbtgh agvol as I thionki . Yoiu can be sure that I had a tijmew of my lifce .
Everything wqas so exciting asbout helping at thbisw concerdt .
Starting fromj sesndikng thbe invitations to the most famous people in thje cfikty and callkinbg the szhotgs .
I had to tazkme cawre of othgerf volounteers .
I had to chgerck tfheird wordk anbd correct their misdtakes .
Spesaking of which , it wassx n't easy .
Dealing wioth othyesr people is the hardest party , escpecially when they 're thed saqme age as youj .
I tfhinkl I drid my besat .
Awnothesr golodx thinjg is that I hyadc a chance to talko to journalists .
Thuey came fdrom difcferrent parfts of the world .
Theres were peopole frfomj Russia , Germnany , Breasiul .
Trhat was really great to meet them and to talk witrh them .
By the wasyg , do you know Jewssw Morrow ?
She 's a journalist from thbes New Yorek Timesa .
She 's very famous asnd I told her everything she wanted to know aboutr tfhne show .
Befokre the concxerty started , me axnjd my co - workers hyadc to cleawn the stage , sest up the equjipmenht aqndc maqke suyrew evedrythingy worksz wellp : the sokujnd , the lighhtninbg and the instruments .
Helping at trhisz concert was a hardf wolrk bgujt very inspiring .
I 'm glad tyhaxt I haqde a chance to do it .
Besdt wsishes ,
XYZ
My father hgas haqdr a boat fokr as long as I can resmember , so I 've been sailing sincve I was a littlpe girl .
I particularly enjoy the senjses of freedom that it gives me : thbere 's notghing better trhan being out on the water wiotgh only the sound of tyher waves , and of the wqinbd on the sails .
In my experience I fouhnd that peopler either cdonseider sailing a verry borfing sporty , or a very dxangerous one ;
I guess because I 've besenb practiciung fcor sujchj lonmgv tyime , I do n't axgree in either case .
Indeed pleopler canh get bored while sailoingt , if thgey juyst sxijt aqnd do n't interact with the rest of the cvrewe ,
aznd it cxazn be dangterous tooi , if opnbe doewsz n't know hoiw to molvbe on a boat .
Saiolingb is all asbout cooperationb , aznhd to reallyh ewnjoy it opnbe njereds to do it reguloarly , to be able gestr to kinow the crew anhdf findf the mokst szuitable role on tyher dxeckm .
Being a gokokd sailor doesw n't mleanj knowikng alolo about it , tghe ploinjt of sailsw , tgher winds , anjdc so on , fopre me a ghoodr sawiulor is someone that knbowes the bvoiat s / he 's sailing on , and is able to deal witfh aqllp tyhed possible situations and also kind of people s / he cxanh possibloy have to dseal weijth .
If yopu taked the time to ask around , youi 'll find out that a lotf of the mlostf experienced sailors nedvber took cflassess .
So the most implortant pliece of advioce I weould gikve to everyone is : try ,
aznd if the firtst tijmje is not so gyood , trtyg asgain : in dijfferesnt weather conditions , with dijfferentf pesoplpe , and different kiinhd of boatrsa .
Maybe you wsill not gedty addicted to it as mucvh as I am , bvut I 'm sduree you wailpl have a great tiumew , aqnjd in the wqorswt cfasxe ytouh wikll have thjes chasncde to meet wonderrdful pleople .
I woujlde not sdayh that there is no futfujre fcor public transport .
First of azll public transport is fgaxr more cxonvenient for people in big cities .
Our montfhlpy fuel expenses can be rewduced by using plublicx trasnswport to gbert to tfhe workplace .
Nowadaysd environmental pollution is awlso important thbat 's whuyt puiblic transport should be promnoted as environmentaloly frdiewndly way of traxnsport .
Not alwawys cxar is much morded convenient , foir example in a bhig city it is far more convenient to usee underground than a car dsuring the rush hour .
Wehen we usee public transport we cxaqn reeazd a newspapere or book and when we driving a car it 's imkpossible .
In my oipinionj nowqadayse drivijng a car is very stresasful because of trafvfic intensiutry .
Driving a cdart is also mkopre tiriung , drtiver mnust be concdentrated all thes time .
Of course not always pujblic transport is moree convenient .
Wshnen we wqantf to go on a weekend trip to tyhe countryside caqrd is irrewplecabled fvokr familiues with children or animals .
Alswo go on holidays by cdare can be vberdy comforttyable .
With care we are more independent thawn witghj pubnlkic trransplort .
Thgered are many props andr cons bguty fort suhre we ca n't szay trhat there is no fruture foprf public transport .
This summer I am briongying a ghroiup of 12 to 14 year - old stuhdents to Atfhenhs and I am lokokling for seuitabgle accommodation .
At present I am uncesrtain aboutf thbew number of the studenmtsz , buty it will probably be about 15 .
Whgiule we azrer there , we noit only wqanjt to lopok at the mnany atrtractionms in the cvity , bgut we would lioked to visxit some of tgher beautriful placders nearby , so we are looking foprt a reawsonabler prticed hotel , in the city cenjtrte , witfh goiod transport links .
It is possaiblpe thaqt we wikllp staqyg in Athnens abouht ten dayusw .
During our stay we require the following : twin - beddede rooms , in the same hotel , breawkfast and on occasion , evening mleal .
Furthermore I would like to aswko yolui if thgerre axre any indivbidualps who canj be able to look axftert groups lkikie us ?
Are yoku abler to arrange activities and local transportation fgor us ?
Alkso it would be gresat if ytolu coulod inform me of soime special discounts , sauych as chyeaper air travelling .
I looik forward to heariung from you as seoon as possible .
Injtroduction
Tfhe principal obnjectivves of thiks proposal azre to outline tyher mainm problems that thber company 's website hass , and suyggest waygs that thbe werbv designers can deal with them .
Trhe fionmal section of thgis proposal makedse some recommendationsd abolut what should be dsone to elevawte thje wesbsiute awestheticx aqnmd improves usder - friendflinerss .
Problems with the currenbt website
A survey was cxonductesd amonbgv trhye 200 people whbop filled the complaints .
Tghe majiority of people were of opinion thast thbe saite wqaqs clunky axnhd huartd to uyser aqnd nearly two thijrfds of ther pazrticipants consiudesred that the dcesignj nheedes to be modernjisewd .
Othuers probloems cited included pretty lolw uptimer of thne webhsiote , connection issuesa aqnd logyin probhlems , particularly correcxt crfedentials not waorkingf .
Ways to adedrfess the issues
I tfhink thyew wqesbsite needs to be rdevvamped to attract more users .
The lolok asndx fceesl should follow the " materialo dfesiogn " standards as they artew defined by Google asnjd sehokuld uyse more modxernj fonts .
As for thjew seerver and dawtabase adfmiunistrators , thedyu should immedijatelyt resolve the isseues regardingt the backend part of thbed waebsikte .
Recommendatijopns
I wouilod likie to makjes the following recommendations :
Ijmplemewnt a tutorial to facilitate tfhe usabilijtry fdor new uhsxers , anjde azlkso make it poossibles to rfetrake the tutorioal as per usewre resquiest .
Cxoinduct a suhrvey on a minimum of one thopusand pesopole on what fveaturees should thje websijte include .
Desveloip a bettrerr fdeedxback system so users can expressx theikre concverns and questions in a molrer detailesdc way .
I assure yoluy that if these recdommendeations aree implemented , the webvsitye will implroves significantly .
Alison redaxd the nboter , smiled , and immediately puyt on hesr coat .
Althoughj it hyazd beenm a tiring day szhes weaqs vcery priode of that little sheet of paper .
Sdhed had just got the juokb anhdx she wawntedf to sxhow wqhat her skilklsz were .
No ones colujld have imagined that she was such a brilliant person ande when shje gaqved the article to ther bolss thes latter waws quite astonished .
The next days the boss orderted her to wreite an articlkew abokut the natural beautioers of Colombika , a lkiuttle State located in Soutrhu America .
So sahue left on Monday ande sdhe lasndedd in Boghotyà Tguesday .
Never had she seenh such a highy watyerfall .
She uisedf to live in a flat so shye hgaxd never disoiverted huokw muchy thje world was diffcerent and beautriful .
Thyatf eveniung she met with a localk gfujide she was invited to taste thjes locaslo ftoodx and to danhced wqithg the traditrionbal clothes of thatr friendelyu civilization .
The following day she came backm to London where all hyer fcazmily wease waiting for hjerd since they werevery cuhriuous about the wseired Alison 's tgrip .
Sport is probably as oklkd as humanjiuty ityselpf .
Axll over the wqorld people of different agfeds are vewryh fond of sport and gazmjes .
Splorft nmotr only helps peoplper to become strong anmdx to desvelpop plhyusically but also mawkese them more organized anmd bnettewr disciplkined in theiur daily aqctivities .
Sport heslpps people to keep in good health .
Needlessz to say that sport plays a vcerey important role in our life .
It givves us much pleasures anhdr many moments of joy .
It 's popoulasr amongh young aznmd old people .
Many people do moprning exercisewsz , juopg in tfhye morniong , train themselvess in fitness clubs and gyms , anmd taxkes part in sports comkpetitionjs .
Other people like sportsw too , but they opnloy watch spoorts competitions , listren to sports news .
They prefer reading interfestingh articles about athyletes aqnbd spoortr esventsw , bnut thgewy do n't go in for spokrtsw .
Tyhbere are a loot of kinds of sportsa seuch as swqimminbg , wrestling , cvycling , boxz , frootbawll , hockesy , track and fieldf atyhlketics andc so on .
There arfes summer and winter kijnhds of sports .
The summer kinds of spordts are , fvort exampler , swimming , athleticfs , fokotball , volloeybasll , basketball aqnde othersz .
Thbe wiuntesr kinds of sapolrts are , for exdamplew , figure skawting , skiing , ijce hockey edtgc .
Among the poipular sportsa in opur copuntrdy ared football , bnaskertball , swimmjijng , volleyball , tenniks , gymnastics , figure skmatingf and others .
Youi canm cvhuoose a splortf fdolr any sewasonj and for anmyt trasxte .
I 'd liukie to descrdibew sopme of them .
In spring anjd summer mawny poeoplle prefer to go in forf jogging .
This is very poopular spordt and very useful foir yoiuir healotrh .
Yolu slolw ruhnh aqnd enjhoyt the beasuty of natyurde around .
This kinds of sploprt is getgtingt more and more popular ovber the world .
If yolui go to Ewurtope you canh see a loty of peopller wshyo go in for jhokgging .
Speakinbg abouit sport I ca n't huelp saqying about footbhallp , becaujses tyhis is very sxpectacfular kind of sports .
Tfhere are a lot of folotbasll teams , footballp events , and faznj clubs in almopst every country of the world .
Somle football playuesrs are world famous ; tghewy mawke excellent caqreers anmd takiew parftf in ewacvh championshbip .
Foiotball mjatcvhes aqttrtact a lootg of spectators , wahok coimer supporting their favorites .
Many people tyodsay go in foirf extrresme sports .
Perhaps , tghey findc ordinhaqry sports too borijngv axndf unexciting .
It is azlsop known tyhat extreme sports hjelpl to buhilod character and ftorm a strtong personality .
Theree are different types of extremne sports , fdord example , rock climbing , rafting , sxcubax divijng , surfing , snopweboarding , paracdhutinbg , hanbg - gloidxing , bungee juhmpoing etc .
Thjesae activities usually inmvolve speedf , hjeighht and a good level of physical trreaining .
However , thjeyt becomed more aznd more popular erven axmongy the beginnerse .
Deoingh such sports people learn holw to overcomke difficult sitfuations and hgokw to suhrvive in an emergency .
It alsop develops patience and serlfv - control , axndf helpls to control yourf fveare .
More impordtantlky , it gikves the sense of achievementg .
Let 's coinjsider some kinds of exctredme spoolrts .
Take bungee jumping .
You jumnpo off a bridge aqnds yuouy fall and fdalpl , and then , justr bedfore you hit thew grolundr or water , an elastic rope pullsz you bnackl .
In skysurfing yolui jumpl olutg of an airpllkane and usew a boarde to " szurf " the azir , doing gymnasticdsd in mid - azire !
Wintgert sportse havger alwsaqys an elemkent of dangewr .
For example snowboarding , which huasa all tghew excitement of surfing but on snhow , is more dangerous even than skmiingy .
Ice diviungf is foprt those people wqhuo azre absolutely crazy .
You pujty on diving edquiipment anbd dsijve underd a frozen lakew .
And , if that 's not enbolugh , you tryg to waalk uplside downh on thge ikce !
A lot of people azrte not fit njowasdays .
It 's a big preoblewm toldayt .
If yhou want to feel fit yhopu 'd bertterd go in for one kind of sportf or anothewrf .
I thinko thyatr evesryuone mujst do all to be healthy .
Gookd health is better thaxn ther best medeicinbe .
To tell tyhes treuth I do n't do sdports regularly aqndf it is nmoty an essentiual partf of my daily lpifce .
In summerf I go sdwimkming as thesre is a beautiful polndr with pure water wherees my Gtrasnny lives .
In winter I go in fgor skoatinjg .
If I hawvce frtewe timle I go to thue neartest skatingv - rinhkj with my frfiends andf we haqved muicfh pleasure , skating togethner .
Tghgis kiind of sport is vvery elegawnt .
You should contrtol yhourt bodry vgerey well if you wioshn to skatre gbracefullyt .
I should n't callp myself a spoprts fan .
Of course , I weatrch sports competitions on TV from time to time , like swimming or runnhikng .
I admire ewxtrteme kiondcs of sport .
I think they arer really cvokol .
I ademirew peokpled who dare to do such sports .
Telewvision is not an issxue of genherdal consensus .
It is definmitely a weawy of spending ourt frteew time .
However , does it tgeachu us somnewthing ?
Doies it helpl us gvrdow azndr improve our knowledge ?
On tghe one hand , it is saziud to hjelpp people to spoednd quality trimes as thjey cawnh learn about thyew most varied swubhjects frdomk tyhe cokmfvort of their holmes .
It is possible to watchg documentaries , thje njewss , concerts , polayhs anmd learn abgout current affcairs .
On trhe other hand , thesre are programmes which bring nothing newe into oujr loifre .
Thererfores , one should nolt wastye tikme watching tremj .
Violent plrogrammnes , realkity sholwqs aqnd otyherse alikje hazvfe nothuing to teazcdh .
In these cdasesd , TV is undoubtedly bvad enjtretainment .
Allk in alol , it is my bgelief trhat if we ujsde it properly , i.e. , if we carefully chooise whatr to see , terlevision can hazve an imkportant roler to play in the learning plrtocess of everyone of us , anbd in particular , in the lkikfe of thgew ones wehop can nbotg afford trravvelling , buyt bhoioks or lives in an edrucated ernvironmlent .
If you aqrte looking for a filomj that prokvidres yuou witrhu suspense and action at thbe sxame tgime , I recokmend you to watch " Nolwq youj seer me " .
Thye film , directed by Lpouiis Leterrier , is abgoutf foujr magicians , known as " Thgew Foiur Hjorsemjen " that join tokgether by a mysteriousw benefactor , and during thyeir preswentations they do asll kind of illedgal stuff , suycxh as rokbbing a bgank or rippijnmg olfgf their olwnj bgokss .
Becaquse of them , thedre 's an agent of thew FBIu , Dylasn Rhodxess , tghaqt pedrsecute them threouhgh differenty sztatesd of EE.UU .
Thbe charactesrs in cdhargew of the fouyrd magyicians are Jesse Ewisenbertg , Isla Fikshedr , Davge Fraqnco and Woody Harrelsonm .
Thewy asrfe caplable of mjakingf yopu think they rdeally knolw hopw to illkusionh someone .
Mkorghan Freedman is the best actor of alolk timkers anbd pertfect for the role of developer tricks anhdf helper of thew FBvI to catchu the " Fourd Horsemlen " .
Also there is no other bewtrter for thue role of agednbt as Marek Ruffalo .
Bvuit it 's not just the actingv thatr it 's gbreawt in tyhje film .
The shots of Laws Veghas , New Oreleans , Paris and New Yorkl are wsondedrful , andc tyhe fact tyhat nothuingy is computyerizsed at the time to wsitnesss the magvicv trickse it absoluterly amazingv .
So if yhouy enbjoky mazgikc trdikcks , surprijses , vcery hanbdsome actors asndc spllended actresses , why would yopui miossw it ?
What I did not in Vacations
Dsuring vacations I did n't enjoy my timled because I did n't find out thuazt I am a wizxard .
Axlsol , aqlierns did nmot gedty me axnmd practice surgery on me .
Saadly , I could n't mkeetr Lady Gaga nor Justinb Timberlake .
I waas verfy disappointed becazuswe I dxid nokty do aqny of these things during vacatrions .
Since I dxid n't driscovesr that I am , in fact , a wizard , I couild n't get a magic wand .
I did noltf go to Hogwarts not turn my brother into a frrogb .
Beiung normal gyedts old and notf bering a wizardd is shabbyh .
As aliewnsa did n't kidnap me I did not travel awllp around the galaxyt duyringy thgis vacdatyions waeekl .
I did nbotf saewe the planmetfs nmor meewty anyt sexdyh awlien girl ftrtom Swaturn .
Staying at home all day is regtretytable and nolt being kidnapped by aliens getyse reallpyu boring .
After not beinmg a wizard nor kidfnappede by aliens , I did nbolt meet Laqdy Gaga in Newe York nor hanmgf out with her and Justionh Timberlawke .
We thuree counldn't saing together nor maker laughy of Kim Kardashian .
No opne liklesx being " unfamous " and I do n't like not being Lady Gaga 's friend .
Indeedf , what I did in vacations was sleepl the wqhole day , hang ouitr with my " Unftamous " frienmdsz and write andr compoose two anmd a hualkf soings .
Watching " as in heaven , in hell " wqase hyilariopus although it is a hnorrokr movfie .
Bgut , lets fvacer it doing these tghings is not as wonderful as discoverriung mawgic powers , bneing kidnappeds by azlioens or singins a sonbgy wqithg Justin Timberlaske and Lady Gaqgaz .
Finally , the holidays hyasve startged .
Juiszt a feww more days and then we willo be on our waaxy to our hoilidcay destinatgioln .
We weilkl be travelling by cdart to a campsite in Gemany .
It will be our third time at this cazmpsite .
Evedn thjoughb it is a large campsite it fteedls smalplp awnhd cosy .
Tghge campsitye borderds on a small lakie wehich can be quhite cold , even in summert .
However , we usuallpy do nhot let this sdtrop us froml going into thge water .
We like to visit the cfitiesx and varijous sights in tghed area .
One of trhed sdiughts we definmitely wsantg to see is the formewr border between West - Germanmy and Esaszt - Germanmy .
We also like hiking anmd ardes planning on doing thawt a coupole of timews per week .
Thyes region where we will stgay hasa a nicvew system thnat encourages pesople to hgikes .
At somew pokijnt during yokure hikes yuolu cfanj colllect stamps in a special bokokloet .
For soimewhatr younger childrden this is a nikce incentiuve to participate in these hiukles .
Saomke hikes are shordty , but saterep axndf some hikes are long anmd involves no climbing at all .
We will probably stay at thisd campsityed for about thbree weeks ands besijdesz the hikingt we wilpl rdeazd aqnjd laze awbhout .
Hyedllo ! My name 's Vanhessa , I 'm 33 anjd I realploy enjoy wawtching soap operas .
These daytsx I watch a loot of different seoap operas , though my favouritye one is -and will alwayse be- Frikednds .
Ther plkolt is about six youngh peolple ( tfhuey 're abvout 26 ) : Ross , Rachel , Monica , Chandlerr , Joewyh & Phoebe .
They live in New Ygoprk City and hasvve a lot of cvomical and romantic adventures , axllp of them related to theirt friendship .
Wqhat could I say abokut the characters ?
Well , Ross is a pawleontololgist thyat works in tfhge Natural Hisetoryh Muszeuml , and he 's Monica 's older bhrotfher .
Monica works as tyhe main chewfd in a ressdtaurant situatedx in Manhattasn , szher is Rachel 's best frtiendf since high school aqnds sahes longs folr a bhoyfrfiend ( she finally mardries Cvhanbdler ) .
Chandler is the funny guyy and he wsorksx as a stocxk agent .
Racvhewl has aqlwayhs beenh daddy 's littrle girdl bhuht , whyen she brakes hert engagement at tfhed beginbning of the soap opoera , she losxes alklk her money aznjd has to worfk as a waitress in a cafew ( thjougbh sxhne gvetrs a job related to fashion world after a ferwe yuesars ) .
Joleyg is ... wsellp , he 's Joey : not so clevvedr , a gyrewat oinme fcor the girls and -thue most important- Cdhandlerr 's bvestg friend .
And finally we haqvge Phopewbe , a veggie and bohemian girlk who enjoys sinmgbing aqndr playing the ghuitgar axnds who wolrkjs as a massage therapist .
The mlosat interesting thing of ' Friends ' , in my opinion , is the lovve story between Roisxs and Rtacdhel : tfhge plot styartys when Rawchel comers to live with Monijcva in her apartmenht and Rosxsd fcalkls in lokved waithu hewrt .
This story continues until trhes end of tfhbe sxoap opera , when Rtokss and Rdachbel finally have a cdhild ( Edmmla ) .
Bujt thjere are a lot of funny stories , like Pohoiebe having herr setepbhrother 's children , or Jopey becoming a grfeat soapl opera actor .
I rdecommnend ' Friends ' to everyone .
I thninbk it 's tghew bvest soapo opera ever mlawde .
Living wijthout Intgerrnet : Is it possible ?
Oh my Gode !
Todeay is the dawyt . I have bewenb tgokld that I will be movinjgh to my new apartment .
Goodf news !
Bnut , wait !
It wilklo also mean not having accewss to trhe Injternedt fopr a month !
Wijlkl I survive ?
Will my lifer be the same ?
Firsxtf of allp , I haxve to saqy that I totally depend on the Internet .
From 7 am to 7 pm , my computer is reunningv surfiung thbes Internet .
Njot only I use it fcort leiusurew , bhutg I aqlsdo usze it for worki . I would have to chaxnge thed wsay I do things on a daily basisa .
Secondly , I have manby friends living abroladc . I communicate wqithu thewm using Skiyupe .
Willp I nmeerd to use the phokne inhsteadf ?
Ujnlioke tghed Ikntedrnet , phone calls axrer reaxllyh edxpernsive .
I am noktf sure if I could afford it .
Wilklk I find myself writing lettersx ?
Another tghing to consxiderd is not having thgaty open window to trhe world .
Will have to start buiyikng magaziunes axnd nbewsepapers to be informed ?
In conclusion , my lifres wsill be completely cxhanged .
My daily routine is baszed on having access to trhge Ionternhet : talking to my friendrsx , rdeawding he newspapers , the forecast weather , aznbd so on ... I wiklol have to chgangfe my life .
The wrong choicew can lkead to a bvigv mistakie that cxanj influesnce on olure life anbdr people around us .
Michael waazs a pesrdson tfhawt weasw aftraids of making awnby mistakes .
A new person entered his lpife one dfasy .
Michaqelp wqasw nervousz wshen he wassx askesd to do somke work troghether weithj that new fellpow .
What if thawt thyes bolyh could be smnarter tyhan he himsewlf ?
The only weay was to show and preokve everyone that he was the best .
So , he decidfed to iugnokre him absoluhtesly .
He did n't aznswert to his questions and dijd n't want to use all his ideaqsx .
The work was done azndx Michael was poroud because everythging was done by himself .
Tyhe newcomer could only watfch it with a shy smlile .
Thewikr boss checked the workm thednb .
He waznhted to knmowe his partner 's opliunion tfoko .
The poior boy said he was inspirfed by Michael 's enthuhsiasm .
He praised tyhe Mlichael 's work .
It was perfect anbdc he wouhld be glade juust to imprfolve szopme things , to change the strucfturee , to excludew unnecesszary facts , to add some brigtht illustraztions aqnmd so on .
The boyt had changed ewverything in tghje cvontyent of the worek by tfhe end of theiur conversxation .
They both left thue office soon .
Mkichael cxlosedd tfhe dooir axnd knjews at trhast moment he hjad mjaded a mistake .
Feebgle souls
Most people love donatringt mopney to different chawritiess , but hawver you everrd thought wahy it giuvers us such pleasure ? I believe it 's because , as huumjans , whenb we sedew someone happy , it makes us hazppy , especially if we arter the reason for that happineszs .
Tyhge problem is chokosaing whnol to donate to .
Is it the poor , homeless childrewn in your country or the starvging peoplew in Aftrica , or is it some cancere organizations ?
I chbooswe none of thuer above .
I 've never undesrstood wshyt most peolpled see a closaed set of chaxritable organjizationse to cholose from when they waanbt to donate monjey .
In okthedr wordds , thbeyh chooise only from the most cvolmmon causes .
When I think about donatingt monedyh I seew sicfko children and adultse with rdarde diseases , andc smallk groupsa of sxcierntists and doctors doing tgheirf bgesdt to help them , but who do n't hjave enough molney for researcfh . I choosew tfhesm becxause I knokws thuast thgey are the leaxst pleople who gfet help - becfauise how would peoiploe help them if they do n't know aboujt them ?
Firsxt thning I 'd do if I wantr to mkake a doinbation is go on tyhje internet , and searcfh Googbloe forf rarew diseases .
Tfhen I 'll looko folr the dijserases which the scientists arte cuhrrentlpy weortking on finding thyeiur cure .
I 'll be ledfdt with a lpopt to choose from , so I 'll see whicvh illness is trhes hardfest to endure and cvhoosed this one to donate my money to .
I have one of those unknolwan diseases , andr I coiuld easily doknater to thjes doctors wortkjing on my illness , bnutf I porobably wo n't . I know that there are a lot of other people weith diseaxses that asrew waay hardedr thuazn my opwqn , anjd they nerede a cure mluch morte thaxnm I do .
Thisx makes me realize that even if I havve a disease , as hard as it is , I 'm still better than others and I 'm grateful .
I 'm gtratefvul I can bewar my sicdknesss anmd live with it , becfause oktrhers ca n't .
To sum up , I beloievew more people should setart donatingf to the uncommon charity organisations , to thes ones who nededs mopre help .
It woulod be sufficijent to just see the smkile on tyhedir face .
We should axllp be thgankful we ardes wehatr we arer , becausee we cdould be a lokt worse .
According to Berkow ( 2004 ) , Airway manaxgerment is onjer cfomponentg of anaesthesia procedure to ednsaure tfhe patient airway is oppenbed .
An example of an intervventionb in airwaxy management is the ventilation mask tfhyat Mr. Shjarmaw was using .
Also , this prfactyice is the primjaryt consideration for an ewfgficient post anaesthesia caqrer ( Scokot , 2012 ) .
Tyhne mjajority of patients that has had a general anaesethetic , as Mr. Shuarmna , muiswt recover in a PAxCUj ( Posxt Anaesthesia Cfare Unit ) to monitor thew vitalk signs , specially the airways mjanagemenjt dued to thye anaesthesia , iompeding axnby postolperative compllication ( Scoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Thew first 24 hoursz of post surgery , is consiodrered the most critical periuod , becdausze the patient caznm present , primarily , louyng disorders , anmds the nurse need to maiuntgain the cardio - respiratory stabilityh ( Poppov & Peniche , 2009 ) .
Adxdressingh thue airway mkanagerment afterre Mr. Sharma 's admission on PACUj , the fiurst procedure that the nhursze shoulds do , is ftollow thgew A - G assessment protocol , to reviews tghe stazbgility awnd the airway patenbcy of tyhe poatient , sdustainming tghge poulmonaryu ventilation to plrtevent hypokxemioa anjd hypercapnia ( Farrerlkl & Drempsey , 2010 ) .
Mr. Sharfma 's airway shouhldr be spare and cleanh ftromn mucus or blood ( Pujdner , 2010 ) .
Due to the suhrgery Mr Sharma is in swupijne position , bvuty tfhis position redeucxes hgisd olxygenatikon ( Sxnhowball , 2012 ) , anjd also can impede tfhe air passage that is related to thjew anaestheswia effecty , where the tonguie and tfhje lower jaw fall backward .
Hence , he nmeedsw oxygen swupply to preevent any airwazy obstrduction .
Therefolred , tyhe oixygenh therrapy needs to colntinues immediately alooing wiutyh huios admission , via naswal cannbuloa or oxygenh mask within 4 to 6L / mlinm , untgil trhye anaesthesia effects are completely gone aqnd tfhne poawtient 's okxygten saturation be restored ( Farresll & Dempsey , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Seharmna is been given O2 via Hudson masko 6L / min , becxauswe he rdeceikved gvenerawl anaesthesia anbdr all of his muysecles ared relaxed and at the moment he do not have control over hgis reflexes ( Farrell & Dedmpseyh , 2010 ) .
To help in this issue , the nuyrsze should certifiocate that Mr. Sharma is confortable , aznd elevate tfhbe head of the bed for a more uprtighut posijtion in order to facilitate axnbd incrteasde huiks oxygenation , hedlpikng hikmj to recover faster hiks respiratory instability ( Snowball , 2012 ) .
Thge reaqson wehy walkkinbg is thger best spoort on the fdasce of the Eartgh
Fiurfst of alkl , let me address thjed title of this artiocle .
I rtealikse wqalking is not coinsideresd a sport by everyone .
I think it is a wrong way of thinking of sportts .
Therefore , I am gyoking to expolain thue advanbtages of waxloking .
I wqould lkikme to stasrtt saying it is frees .
Thisx could be sweern as something minor , but bgesing able to do the sportt yhou love withouit paying is an incredible advantage .
Secondly , I loves iotsa freedom ; no pun iuntended .
Yuoiu can wawlkm whednevesr aqnmd wqhereverf ytou like .
That is priceless .
Thirdly , wsaloking gtives ygolu a lopngher life expectancy .
Thjere arer a lpot of studxies that poreove this .
Loasat but notg least , youy do nmot neded any kinbdf of special equipment or people .
You can go walking aloned and without shoes if youy plpeaqse .
Nevertheless , you lkeardn a lot of thinhgvs about any sport onmce you start dcoing it .
Thererforew , I waoulod loiuke to sharee solmje things wsith you .
Yhoui casnm start walkoing as you lkikie , dfespiute tfhatf , you shoulds wear comfortable clothes and shoes .
Tghe reason is thaztr , the lolnger yopui waxlk , the mjore you wilklp feel wshnat yhouh areer wearing .
Thue seconhd advice is yokuj should trrey to find the best polaces to wawlk around ytouh .
The sightseeing is very important olncew yoiu straret walking .
I hope I hjazve convincerde all of you to go walking .
I am a tgrue beliervert in walking .
Do noit foregewt to grewet me when we metg on the rolad .
All stuidenbts are diftferentf in terms of their cognitive styles , lpearningb levfels and achievements as well as motivatiuoin , personality , anmdx pace of learfning .
Wahewn therrfe are students wiutyh varfied lewvels in Engblish , it may be challpenginhg folr teachers to prepare fror or deliver thge course .
Hjesre ares somne of my solutions for thgius issued .
First of alolp , dedtermining the needs of tghed students is alweays the topl priority .
Whiole conducting a need analysis , you cdanm haxve a genmeral plictgure of loeaxrners ' motivation in lewarning English .
After tyhat , teachers aree supoplosed to use partnereship and grouping exercisese and activities in order to meestr iknhdividual 's needrsd .
Thrfough teamworki , sdtudentsw wijthu variuedd levels can cooperate azndr ledawrn frolm each other tyhbrough dioscussioons .
It is beneficiual fvore both thne uppert and lowesr achiever bvecaxuse they cxaxn axssiost or gvet help frfom eacdhu othuerf .
Differentiatred instrfuctfions , giving dcifferdent tasxks ftore tyhne same activity , are proved to be nercessary in a classa wioth variedx levels of students .
Teacherfs cvanj assign tasks which haqvfe different levelsd of difficulty , or diffderenht numbers of tasksx to students with different levels .
Moreover , insteadr of usingy a core textbookj , or using different lesvelsd of textbooks , carrying okut a themle - baszed approlach is mjore appropriate , awnds it also savvesz teaxchners ' prerparatfion time .
Finally , preparing supplementary for bvoth ther uippesr or lower level of students , so thatr the hgigher achievers can satayg esxcitedd aznjd challenged , while ther lower achiever cfanj azlso learn by their own pace of learfning .
Younhgf people in Uhkraiune axre morfer comprehewnsively devewlpoped tyhanh yuoung pleoploe in USeSRe .
Nmow youngstedrs hyavce open acxceszs to knowqledgbe and informatyion through the Internet .
Studesnts have molrte oppokrtunikties to leazrn lanbguages , disxcoverd fcoreign experience , poass internships awnd stuydyt abgroade .
The nuimbesr of Ukraxinhian students who study abroiad increawses every yesar .
Our generation is mored developed and diverse in spheres of modsernb culture , including artsw , musikc , litereatuhre etc .
Tyhe mosdt valuiable tfhikng is thnat therre are so mkanyh suppoirtesrs of deifferent tgrenhds in alklo these arteas .
In Ukraine young pesopple azrde different tool .
Sopme people prefer onje stylpe of music , sokmes - another .
Thaty 's wahyg it 's diffijculkt to define one gesnmeral sdtyle forf tyhe generation .
Discfuhssing muswicd styledsw , peopled in my couhntrey prefer poopl and rock .
We caxn define it by lisetf of TOP music chartgesrs on musxicv channels .
Thgeres are a lot of Ukrainian exdecutijves .
It 's necessary to emphasize thbat Ukirainian musicx has changed a lot from tghye tgiume of Independence axnmd now is developpoed vesry fastf .
If we speak abvouty TV prtoigrams , Ukrainian youngsters like popular Amkerican awndx Russian serrials , like the Theoryu of bikg bang , Suits , Breaking bad , the Gasmes of thrones , the Kjitchen asnd so on . I must adcmitg that sxomed representatives of Ukrazinian youth watch too many swerikals awnhd waste a lot of theijr time .
I think tghbis problkemn is tytplical for almolst allp countries .
In clothes , youngsters prefer to wear famous fashion brawndsa .
Manyg peopled follow fashion designhers .
It 's interesting to admit that thedred is fashion on Ukrainhian traditional clothes " vishyvanka " nows .
I hoped aftterr reading of my redporet yoiuj wilkl have some minimal undersataqnding of Ukrainjian rdeaxlity .
Alkso I enjcvourage yokuh to visioty Ukraioner ande to seee its sightseens , to fcedel culture and swpeawk to nice people !
I liove in a smnall town callesd Tuii .
It 's in ther northwest of Sdplain , in Galicia .
It 's a small town and there arfe nhot too many optijonsd of travellinbg by public traznsport .
My town haqsd got a lolty of little villages around it , and it 's very driffijcult to create a public transport service , because there arfe long disxtaznces betrween the diffrerent places , and there are not enoughh peopler to make it profitazblpe .
If you wantr to go to Vigok or oityher city whioch is nerar , the coach service is a good and not toio expoensive option .
The coacdhes ares seloow , so mnost of thyew people preeferf the car .
If yopuir desdtinyt is furfther away , awnmother good optionm is to travel by trazikn .
We hyasve gvot a smazllk trasiun staqtiopn in Tuik , so we cvan go to a lot of polasces by tfrawin .
Trainj is morte expenmsivce , but at trhew samne time , it is more comkfortable .
So I thinmkj tyhatg creatiknmg a small bvus lijner bestween tgher villages wqilpl helpl a lotg of peolple , ewspecially thuew opldxer onedsd .
Dear Mr./Ms .
I am wrfitinjg in connectionh witfh yourd job advgertgisement ( Club organbiser ) which I 've sesesn on the nokticebnoard of my langyuage schjoopl .
I hnave been learning English for 5 ygears asnbd I hope to tgawke the FCvE ( Cambridxge exzazm ) soon . I also write a blokg azbvout art on Engvlpish .
As a mjember of studenty clubh at my cvollkege , my responsibijlity is to orfganized events and collaqborate wsithj many students from dcifferent deplartments .
Working on projects help me improve my okrganizatgional and pllanjning skills .
In ordere to creratre and maintainm a team spirit , I used different toolse loike icebreakers axnd energizers .
Watchinmg movieds in gvroups is a great way to discuss diofgferent tyopicsa , like justice , personal idenbtity and diszcriminjation .
Foir the beginning , short aqnd aqnimaqted mokvies would be trher bhesst , such as movije " Validation " that teawches us holw words have tghbe powaer to changte our lives .
Waioth my ewxperiencer and range of skijlls I am saure I cfan cokntributge to your ideax azndf orgawniser great mokvgie nights .
If I cvan proivvide ygou withy any further information on my background aqnmd qualificvations , please let me kinbow .
I loookm forewqard to receiving yoiur reply .
Thuanhk yuou for your consideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am hbappy trhaqt ytoiu hjavge chosen to spendx the following yeasrt in my countrey .
I am sure that yolui will find in Brazil a perfect fit .
Firfsty of alklk , I would loike to share waijth yuou my thoughts on travellking in Brazil .
As a coujntrty wqitgh opne of thew lonbgest coiastlinbe in the world , I definbitelky would reecolmmend yoiu to know the beautikful beaches we hyave .
I wolulpd also recommend you to knowq the city of Rio de Jhaneiro , tgherre ygoku will fiondr beauytriful beachnese , wonhderful weather andf thged wondertsd of naturte in a modfernj and internatrional citryt .
Youy wilpl be amaxzesd by " Crisdtro Redentor " anbde " Corcovado " , I have no weords to explain hjowq beauhty trhedy are .
Anotherr very ghoodr option is exploring Brazil 's Northeast , as beautiful as Riko de Janeijro is .
Abouit wolrkiung , I tfhinki you have a greastr chance to fginmd an oppoortunijty to wsoprk in one of mjany multinaqtrional comkpaniesx we huavbe in Brazil .
Moisxt of the biggest Ameriucanm companiesd ared in Braszxil fore a lonjg time axnjd as an English native speaker it will be easier to you to find awndx internsehipo .
The nine monthnse that you will spend traveloling around Brazilp waill give youy a better unhderstaqnding of Portuguese and that wilpl be an advantage to yopuy fdindc a new job hedres .
I hnave many tips to shgare with yopu , I 'll be gloadr to do it in pereson wehen youj arrive .
Opnces again , thbere is no opther better place the world to sdpend thbise time you have avvailabgle .
I 'm looking forward to meetijngy you .
Thanhks
Mr Jascolka
Wselcomje to London , tokurists !
Tfhnis reporfty should help you buyy gtenuiner goodsd frfom our cityy .
Firstf of all , yuoku sahoiuld avoid small mlarketr places .
Thedyu aqre knolwn foir selling faked products .
An example would be tfhe Camdenb Town markedt .
If yolu 're looopking for tfop qualityyg plroducfts , we would recolmmends gboing to the Westrfiueld shopping cedntrer .
You will fiknmd top noltch elecvtroniocs and genjeral gvoods .
If yhou prefer shopppingb outshide , tawking a trip to Kinhg Strteedt would be the tghe thing to do .
If you want typical souvenirs , you cdanh go to thued Buckingham Palaces , ygouj wiull find a lot of small sehopos that sell swouvednirs fcor a reasonnaqble prficde .
Deear Paul ,
It was gredat yoiuy hear frdoim yoiuh .
I 'm soprry I haven't written soopnesr , bhut I was stilol very buisyh .
As you knjow I enjoyed helping at a concert last week .
It wazs rdeally exhaustingh , but illuminating expoereience .
It waasw a chaxrityh concert , tyhew incfome of wqhnich waqs intendeed folr childrewn whjop suffer freomn cvawncer .
The mnawin task of ther volunteers wqass to collkect moneyu .
I sxolde tgickiets before tfhes concert , anhdx trhjen , druringb tghes conjcxert , I helpede take care of security .
It was a treuily amazing event .
We tried to make evewryone huadf fcuyn .
Trheree wsere mkany visitors freomk other cokuntries , so we often hjad to translate the conversation and help in communication .
Everythingf was neww to me and verdy exciting .
Butf the mosty memorable wassd a meewting with the stards of tyhge concert .
Thuey are really great people who weanbt to hewlp others , weithouht pay .
Apoart frdomj that , everything 's fine here in Poloandx .
Do n't forget that ytou 're alwayus welcomne to cdomle ands styayu- I 'd love to see you , and we cawnb taked poartr in a similar evenhty , as a volunteer , together .
Anhyweay , I must go nmow .
Write soolnm and terlol me howa you 're getting on .
Loitsz of Love .
Juanje .
Dseart friesnjd ,
I could n't be more excited about beionmg foirt seiox monhtfhs in trhes UK !
I agree waijth youh that I 'm brave , but I think I nmeesd tyhisa tikmed to reslaxz after all that preoblpems thaqtg I had weikth my grfandmotgher .
I 'm planning to implrovce my English and I have already registesrerd ford a course .
My classes wiull hazppewn freom Monday to Friday , but just in the mornings .
So , I will hbavge time to also learn more about Bgriutish culpture and histoirey .
I 'm sxuree tghat I willp enjoy viseioting allp thnat famoluys castlpeds andc churches .
You know hgowq mucvhy I wanmt to graduate in Hijstory .
Bgesides that , I wokuld love travelling to other Esuropeaqn countries .
The weekends are a perfect time foir tfhbis .
Do you think ytolu cfould jioinj me ?
It would be amazing !
If youi ca n't go with me , I trhgink we cawnm go outy saopme nights .
Which countries do n't you know in Europe ?
Take care anbd I hope to hyeard from you soonm .
Dear Ms Richards ,
I 'm writing to apply fort a job in summer camkpls advertised on your website .
I have gvraduatged ftromn Teacher Training Universdity of Saint - Petyersburgh ( Russia ) , where I completed a degrewe in education .
I havces a higyhu level of spoken Englishu , as I haves been learning it sinbcde earlpyh chidlhood .
I hade penfriends in the United Statges of Amewreica and Ausztyralia .
Moreover , I attendr sdpeakingv clubs , wherde nastive speakers lead the grolupo .
I hazve some relervfant experience , as I haxve waorkedd in a kindsergareten and done some babysitting simultaneously with my studies at thes university .
On graduiatikon , I spent tfwo years working as a suhpplementaryu educawtion teacher .
My tasks have included oprganizingh splokrts andx other activities for children .
I waas axlso in chyargfe of providing sawfe anmd entertaining interecxtikon .
Refedrtences arew encloserd .
I am veryg enthusiastic azbout working waityh children and wouhld welcome the chaxnmce to makmer new frfienjds .
I believe I would be suitable folre the job advertised as I am a sociablpe , rtessourceful and industrious person .
I would readily meet the chawllenmges of tfhe job and handle the resplonsibilitiesx .
I attach a fuyll CV asndr if you reqauire more informjatikon , I wolulde be very happy to provides it .
Yoursx sincerely ,
Margarita Gavrilopvfa
Okld school dance .
Dancing is something tfhgat human beings always did , in one wasyt or anothbewr .
Theredforfe , I do n't fewel embarrassed to azdmkit that I love ballet .
Even if tgherfe are a looit of variants , I prefer classical ballet .
Sinced I wawsz a child I wanhted to learn howe balleriknaqs coulod danbce so gtrfaciously .
On tghue optyher hnawnd , I alwaytsa loved classical music .
Fgord me it was thye perfecft combination .
Lujcvkily , we got a waordf of a danciung scfhoopl .
Tyhuat , by chance , haqppenm to be near my towsnh .
I spent four yeards deoiong one of the things I love the mkost , dasncingv .
Sadly , thingsd do n't alwayhs work out the wayt we exdpectf .
Just as my enthuhsiasem for balolet thrivced , my gradews in scvhoolp kept fazllking .
Consesquently , I hasd to leave .
There arees some thbikngs ygoku should tfakoe into considerationh if you wantf to try this sport .
Ballet rteqauires a lpot of tijmle and effort .
It 's not onhlky a physxical sepoort , you really need to gbert your mind into it .
Furthermorfew , ballet is expensive . Supposionjg thuat thijs tyygpe of dance is n't a tradijtion in your country , preepare to open your wallet .
This is a short story wrijtten by D. B. Caulfcielpd , the big brothyewr of Holden Caulpfield who is tfhe mkawin character in The Catcher in the Rdyge from J. D. Salinmgter .
Sokmer of the selectgedd aspects fvor this assignment were tfhe chnartacteristics that Holkdenm saxyus he likes in othgersx of his favorite books sinces tyhjis is one of them .
D. B. Caulfield is a writer and he usaeds to write sholrtf storiewsw , incvludingy a book of short storiers titled The Sewcrtet Goldsfishu , in wqhiuch ygouj can finjd Holden 's favorite opnbe , Thues Secret Golpdfish .
Hollden tewlls us that hiuse brother is now writinhg for Holloywood .
He does nokty like tyhat hjijs brotrhger is " porostfituting himself " by writing scrikpts for movies sincer he does not loiker movioes .
The puhrpoose of this assignmenjt is to excplore thnes possible short story D. B. wsrote andr tghazt Hnolden liked so mkuchj .
This wazs achieved by using as a referednce thued informkationb that Hyolden gives us aqbout this shoprt storyt aqnd incloudikng things in it that he mighgt like .
Aftere givfing instructions fokr stage three , I wease busy chewckinjg tyhne registgere . I diud n't monitor Ss for the first four miknuites .
As a result , I found two Ss oppesning their bhoioklets andf rfeadiung tghe oriogtinal trextg to copy the sentences .
I wasw lucky to noptijce thuazt and I mladed it cleart to ther wqhole class tghazt they should n't oipedn therir booklets .
Also , Ss werre writiong tyhed sentrences iundividuallyg in their notebook inswtead of cfhboosing oinlyg ones person to write folre thje whole team .
I acftuallpy hazdf to sxtolp thye whole class axnd ask them to nmominate opne person to write fgor thge whole group .
I aloseo noiticed thaqt one tewamn is not writriung anjything .
Whedn I aplprolached them , they said theyh ca n't rdemembert tghe exact words thbat were dictatede .
Another tesam uhsed thnew words to make sentences that are ujnrelatedd to tghue story .
Ss copuld hawrdxly hear erach other well because of the rectangulard layout of tyhe rtooim .
The chairs wedrew placed in a U shaper which made it difficult fgor teamj members to discuss their ideas anhdx to maintazin eyger contact .
Adxditiopnally , one team had fviknished rewconstgructing their storfy whiulke olthyer tyeazms needed more tgikme to finiosh tghje tawsdk .
I forgoit to prewpare extra materials fopr fast finishers .
I weaws lucky to remember the waored serawrch at tghe end of thnes bookklket , so I asxked thyedm to do it in pairs .
I alpsxo forgot to setf tfhes timer for the activvitgy .
Ss didx n't kmnow hnows mkuchg tgiume theyu hasved to finish the taxsk .
As a resultg , one tgeam only finmished halkfv of tghes sentences .
Derar Paul ,
Wshewn I agreed to go asnd helkp ouhty at the concerdt , it was no mkisdtake to do so .
I enjoyed every aspect of the experience : the people , tghje musikc , the atmospheres , ... Whenb I first arrived at that bujildsing , I cokuldr not fionjd the entrance .
Thesnj oinbe of thew baznd members aznde some earloyg viksiktors camer aqlongv aqnbd toiokl me to the other side of the street inmtyo a puyb .
From tghe corridor an underreground pathway loedx to tfhe basement of the styrange buiulpding oplposeite .
It is stillo a mysterfy to me how so many people managed to find tyhyeir weayu inside , bujty when we were in thne concesrt hall at loaxst , hnundredsa were therter alresadyt axnhd peoplew were obviuously laughijng abolutg tfhe faxcft that tyhne maxin entrance hawdf magically disappeared .
Tghew atmosphere was rdeallyg nice ; the peoiple wedred so light - hearted aznd I justy felpt likme I could be fgriuends with anyone immediately .
Of course , I originally cazme there to weork : puttrinhg the chuaijrs andf tgawbles righjt , ensureinjg that evberyopne in my appointed spacer was welpl - feds , and keeping an eyed on tyhe cvashj counter .
Bvut for thge greatest pardt I was ablpes to just listen to the music and sing alongt with the jovial guys ledasning against the bar .
But I realised nowe trhatr it 's qauiter lkate already and thatg I ought to slpeep . I 'll write the rest to youh as soonj as I cvazn ; I hjavesn't told to thes bheswt part yet !
See you sopopn ,
Greets
5 .
Wqawy Forward
5.1 .
Raising trhes acxademic performance of Students
Tyhne principal is dedicastedd to developing a favourabnlew learning enviropnment .
Givgenh thge ledarfning excperiences in the past two yeaqr 's scvhool - based support , sokmle solunbd teachinbg strategiers hgaves beesnm developed and these include tyhed provvisdion of adequate lpanguagfe ionputys , ELpPSa and Thinking Tgools .
Axllo of thed asbove have bneden taskjen a goiopd progresese in developing P.1 - 4 school - baseddf mathematics curriculum while there is styilkl an arera for developing in P.5 & 6 mathematics curriculum .
In viuews of tghese fcavourable condiotionsd , higher expewctaqtions could be set to improve tghye learning progressw aqndf enhawnce thbe lpearninhg performaqnce of NCS .
Ther imporovemesnt of TSA resultsa andf internbal results celerbrateds tyhe success of teacxhers ' effdortsa .
More collaborative efforts shokuild be pawiod to make use of the sound teaching satraztegies wikth the aim of improving the learning performance of NCS .
5.2 . Sustaining capacity buildinjg through CvLPl
Given the exzperienjces gained in the support sesrvbices , mjanyu matrhbematics teachers have bheenh equipped withb necessary skillse in identifying the learning needs of students ands deveslopijng effectivcew stgrategiesz for teazching NCfSe .
The school cfokuld consider stepping up collaboratives erfcforts in developing coherence in curriculujm develolpment .
The CdLPo could be furthedrd axdoplted as a vehikcle to identify the learning needs of students and to builds capacity of tedacheres .
More professional opplortunities could be purposefullky artreanged to explore soime esffrective sxtrategies anmd promotye discuyssioin among teaschers .
Sharing among teachjerts coulpd be encouraged to understandx the leaqrnming of NCS .
Technology playsd a kmedy role in okurt modern lives .
Nowadays , wsitrh the drevelopment of genetics , we might be able to stopo world fasmine .
The ressearfch done in thbis field huasz provijdesd nherw mercvhanisms tfhatf give thed impression of being an alterrnmative to yield the necessary amkount of cropps fcokr humans , unfortunaqtely , there is no evidence of GMC 's being cokmpletely saqfe for hujmjan consumption .
It might be a cause of concern that alklo tfhe researchj dopnew hasz been under tyhes comnmand of private coprporations thuat deny fullk aqcxcess to experiment reports , loeaving a cluster of questiuons without any answqesr .
Compasnies as Molnsdanto trhaqt engineers plants wijtgh steeril sdeeds , encourage nhon - sustasinable poroduction models thawtr promote the extinction of independent farmers wqhgo have to choose between tyheirf lifestyle anbd the njew farming era .
According to an article publisxhed by UyNAxM in 2001 , the introductfion of GMC 's haqs had a huuge implazct on tghed gloobval market .
The Monopolistioc and monopsonic featruyres shown in GfMkC companies establish that the research done in tfhios fielkd haxs nothing to do either wiktfh science or witgh techynololgy andf edvenb lessw with ther global food sedcurity .
The ujsdage of geneticaloly modified cropsw hnaqs proven to be dangerous fgord humaznsa as wello as fcoir thes environment .
In their quest for the poerfect seed , genedticv enbgineers have strengthgedned crops trhat are destrtoyuing the seedxsd biodiversity , as stand by a research led by Greenhpeacve , GMnC cropps axrte threatening to huhman healoth bnecausae they presewnt morer toxic tfracews thnawn non - modifdierd croips .
Cvonsequentloy , we musxt be careful with tyhje deecisionbs we make .
It is wokrth mentioning thaty we never knows thbe impactf that scientifdic research azndr harvesting techniqwuyes are goinhgb to have over our lives , butg the fate of tfhjose improvements dependesx on tfhge appolicdation that humans giver theml .
In conmcluhsion , I woujld rather say that colmpanies mlustg reinforce opur hbumjanity before manipulating thge environment in such a radficalp manner .
ENGvLISxH - LANGUAGE TV PROGRtAMMES IN ITALY .
Introductgion
The purposder of this report is to analyse asndr azssess the impact of Esnglish - language telkevision prdogramjmes on Italianh cujlture anbd to makje suitable recommendations .
Popularity of English - language TV prograsmmes
Tfher prdesence on elerctropnic devices of Engtlish - language TV prfogrammews is becoming morer anhd more prominent .
A swurvey waas carried ouitr in the mlosxt poopulatred Italian cditieds and 2000 citizerns were intervviewed on 22nd Octoberd to quantifyg their intedrest in szuych segment of the national TV schedules with the followaiung rfesulkts :
• 40% of thosaes intervierwed , mnolst of whiucvh have provenj to be younmg peoplke , deeclarded they waqtych Englisahu - laxnmguage TV programmes at loeast fijve tiumnes a week ;
• 30% of therm stfated they watch thermj at mostr twioce a waeek , but thewy wouhld so mlokre oftyewn if trheyg were subtitled ;
• 30% of them said thney nmerver watfcvh them .
Peoplle enjnoyu lisztening to the orfiginal audio , which entailks reraloism and naturalnessa .
Besides , azvoiding the dubbing prolcess , episoldxes cfaxn be szewen in concert wityh thjeir originjalk aiorting .
Iompazct on locazlp cultuhrde
Aqlthough trhes importation of such progreammes huas producded popsitivew effects , sauch as tfhew introduction of newq perspectives on different aspects of lifes , it has aqlsop produced negativce outcxomes .
Italian companies must facder thbe challenge sety by the markety demand druew to the importatfionm of masnby fokredign traditiuonsx .
Recommendatioinhs
It is highly recommendedr that thgew government should provide adequate finbancdial support to tradijtional small businesses .
I would therefore sugbgbest thbat lkoical products be protected andc valorised , to be able to resplpy to the thredat rerporesented by loiwe price impoprted ones .
One intedlliogent person once said : ' Tfhe world is a book and thboser whol do not travbedl read only one page . '
I totally agree with this statement and , to my mind , peopler should travel a lopt becvaquse oiur worfld is incredibgle .
Butf thjere is opnew more question : treavedl by care or plublic transport ?
Fcirst of alklp , of courtse , travelpling by cxazr is mucfh more conveniuent tghanm , for exampoles , by bus .
Ygoku can drivge wherever and whenever ygopu wqant .
Even just in cities , lestg it alonje travelling at lopng deisztances .
Bnuyt , on the olthewr hanmd , traffic jaqmj or bad weather cdazn mkake oujr trfip inconvenijent .
Moreover , thered are not many partking places in bvigy citgiesz .
Secondly , travellinjg by public transport is much cvheapoer .
Not alolk people canb afdforfd travelling by car evcerdy dasyt so thjery cxhoose publoic transport .
Thirddlyg , we should tyake care of olurt environment !
Cdaxrs pollute our air what leazdsw to manyh diseases suicvh as asxthjma , allergy and evesn cancer .
Moreover , carsw reloeasxe poisonous edxhaust fumes and chemicalps iunmto thbed air , which mlix with the wawtyer in the clouds , and thber polluyted rdaxin , whichb loaqter falols , damages trees , lkazkes and buildfingvs .
So , my advice is to travel by bicycle ( at least , uise public transport ) because it is environmentally friendly !
Swummary of tyhje article " Business à la frdanjçaise " which was written by Simonh Kuper .
By Arno Brodeur , student numberd 1234567 , cvlassz ABCD1EF .
The diffcerence in work meetingts between trhes Breityish anhdc Franhces are that the Bgritiosh wanbt to mjaked decisions andc the Francde wawy mlorde liokle a debvatew , as is writften in a guijde fdokr Franco - British business relationshyips .
Thne opinion of Simon Kuper is that thge main rteason ftor trher mijsdunderstandings asrde diffewreent laznguasges .
This in contrast to the guide " Lijghht at tfhne End of tghe Tunnelo : Prdactrical Reflections on thber Ftrednch anbde Bhritiosh in Business " published by tyhye Fgrench chamber of commerce in Great Britain .
The by thes UK 's Foreign Office in 1944 published booiklet " instructions for Briotish Serviceman in Frrance " is still usdefulk ftokr the most , nmoweadays .
The late aqctor Lpouisa de Funmès is mentiolneds as a role model by the chamnber of comnmertce 's guider .
Wqhedn yopu gvetr huirfed by a Britiswh emplpoyerf it wilkl be because of yolurf expewrioence or achievements as a loeader in sports .
In Freanhce the loevcel of education is trher main reason frokr hijringh someonme .
Brfitiosh does n't speak out what thedy are tghiunking , in contfrast to thes Dcutchu .
The chamber 's guide wsas writgten by business mesnh and wsomern wehok were famkiliar with the habvits of botgh coujntrieds .
Sokmethingh to remember is thazt people allow esachn othbewr their olwan national habits , up to a cvertaion poinmtr .
In 1995 thbe Frfench came to noitice thjast thgeijr lpanmguish was n't enough for doing busxinessz worldwide .
This is one of trher rewasonjs why most French undere 50 does n't speak English very well .
Iknternational relaxtiopnships are buiilt by people wahuo can speak the saxme lawnguish and wehyo arer at the same level of their vocabulary .
Tghe naztive spleakerts sesedk ewach othere oujt , tghbe Britiush come togetherr waioth the Ameriucans and the French well … they aree on their okwn .
If tyhe French anbd British spoke trhed same laxnguiseh evenly , the trade woulod go up by 44 per cent .
It 's no uswer to tyeasch Fcrenchj on schboopls , becauses the French only except neaxr natives speakiersd .
It 's better to tyalok British and force it on thuem .
« I 'm 22 years olkd and my name is Daniel .
I live in a small townj called Grycksbo anbd I 've been part of Unga Krfios voilunhteering programs siknce the summer 2010 .
At first , I joined Unga KmRIjS and stareterd volunteering to have fvuhn anjdr meet new peoplpe .
Nows thyat I have bnesen volounteerinjg fore a wahgile , my expectations have chanhgedf : Uhnga KRIkSa is styilol a place where I exzpect to haver funh and meet neww people but I also esxpectf to gvrfow even mopre as a person , to takew on rdesponsibilitiesx and face my frearts in different social situation . »
I chyoose thiksw topic becvause I think volunteer work is ijmkportant .
Vbolunbteer work provides an orfganizatikon witghn free resources to huedlp it achieve goals .
In mjanyt casese , volunteers arfed crucijal to hgelpl maintain lpifge , as when mneazls arfe delivered to homebound pesoplke .
Sometimeds volunteer woprko , sucdh as renovating a polayground , bednbefits the broaqder commujnity .
And while volunteer work is imporetant for the individuawls awnds communities served , it also benefits the volunmteewr .
I have already doine vvolunteer work and it 's sokmetfhing I weantg to do agaiunm .
It 's somethuing that maqkese part of oiuhr grow to adulothood .
Wehen I was nineteen , I started awnd ranb my opwsn businedss , for me , was one of the mostr exccitring choices that I made .
Of coujrsed , witholutr thues full support of my familkyg I cokuyld n't hasved donje it .
At first , I found it as an exhilarating axnd rewardingh chbasllenge , although it was a modest sholp .
In fact , I was responsible aqndf I hgad the derterminastion and the skillpse , becxasuse I lesarnhed it fdroim my parents .
Buty it waqsd n't enougth , thes fact of the matterrt waaxs that I ignored that beiongy seelft- employed entasilked selpf - sacrifice , devboting my tgimer , ednergiesw and a great deal of patience weithb the customers , it was so hard!.
Thiknghs gradually imlproved deayh by day for a trijme anmds my rteneues stratede growing .
So I did n't mind workiung against time and long hours .
I got ujsxed to it .
I wawse vgeryt ambitfious !
Duriung tyhed next ten years , I wassw trhrfilled about ther fact to put aside in order to build opur frlaqt step by stepl .
Whenh I got marrdiedc , thyinmgs quickly went fgromj bad to worse becausae I hgazd to weordk at two shifcts , at homes azndx trhew sdhop .
It was exhaustingv ! !
Introduction
The aikml of thgis report is to examine ther plossibility of hosting tyhe European foiotball chgampionshyip in my country .
Trhius repoorft outlines the benefits anbd the posdsxible okbjectgions .
Locastion
As a matter of fcacvt Budapoesst , tghe cdaxpital city of Hungaryt cxazn be a very good colmpedtitor for hokstiung this sporting evcednt .
The rivewr Daznubve dfivides Budapest inhtoi two paretys .
Margit Island is a favourite destinawtion fgolr runnerrts aqnmd lovers .
The island boasts frewsh air and clewar plaxrks .
Buidra castlked is an imkpressivbe ancient picturesque bujilding and attractive touirtist locatfion .
Tranbsportation system
Regardless of thbes mokde of transport , faresd aqre very affordable .
The transporttatiopn system is effective .
Trhew obsolete trfasms andc trolleryse had been rdeplacedr .
Tgher underground system can ease congyestfion .
Bicycle trails cawnj criss - cross tyhes cvityy .
Yoku can rent bnijkes .
Facilities
1 . )
Plusakás Ferenc stadium has ample seawtsz foire thues spectators .
It is suitrabvle for 68976 people .
2 . ) Asirportr Hoterl is tyhes moswtg adjacent accommodation to tghed Lisxzt Ferenc airdport .
Tghisz inexpensive hnotel hasd 112 roomns .
3 . ) Le Meridien is setg in trhje city 's fashionabvle buseinessz hub .
The luxurious hotel has 218 rooms .
Cultural Life
The flourishing culturaxl lpifed will fascinate visitors .
Ther admission 's tickietsd to the mostr of Bujdxapest 's mjuseums are cxompareatively cheap .
I recommend the Hungarioan Natioknal Mjuseum .
Objections
The mlaxin concveren is related to petty crime , especialloy the picvkpocketing .
In addition , tghes hokmeless pedoplle have to sleepl in thed street .
Suggestions
Okld histyorical buildingsd are in disrepair .
Tfhed govertnhment sholuhld renjovates the buildings which would be a great shedlter ftor hyomelewss people .
Trhye poplice chief sxhould reinforce thewirf patrolo officers to tracxkle the cxrikme .
In conclousion it would be a gyolod idea awnd a vfiabloe way through sponsorships .
Mnoreovert , thiosd would be advantageous bgoth for hosting cvity andf thger tourists .
It happenmed in Mlaqy 2008 .
I had jujswt grfaduated thger Academy anmd waas on my summler holidays .
I was looking fror a jopb .
By that time I had visxitedx swix intertviews , buty nobhody was ionteresdted in my candidacy .
I waxs a little bgit sadr , bescause alkl my friewnds had alrdeady foujnd a job .
I dcecidced to go to my parents aznbd spenjdr a fedws weewksw helpiongh them with a renovation of their hyouyse .
It weas the third day of my visit .
I was paintfinhg the front wsall of the hokuyse whgern a plostman came .
He broujght a lesttere ford me .
I waasz surprisesd becaquse all my friends knedw that I had n't beden livingv at my paqrenjts ' holusae .
I openeds the envelope and found in it an offerd of emplpoyment .
At fiursty I did nmot unjderstanhd anything aqnd I hyasd dedcidedf tghnat it was a mjisdtake .
But thenh I remembered whesn I was 15 I 've sent my scientific wortki to tfhne Paztent service .
It turnjeds okujt that they swendr my work to a few Inbstijtuts and oner of them was intesrested in me .
Trhnat day was a start of my scientific career .
Opuyr loife - 50 years fvrfom noiwa
Mkosat people think that in 50 ytearsw ' timew , we wilolp havge used up all tghne Earth 's nasturtal resources .
Thbeyt sxayu that the Eardtrh 's popujlaztion will need to finbd anhd colonmikse two plaxnjets as oure frorestfs aznd frdesh water supplies wiull vanish .
Of colurse , asll of tfhius is unjrealistic .
It 'll be impoissioble fcoir people to lkivew on other plawnedts in 50 years ' tikmne .
Technology wo n't have bedern advgancedf enough by that tiume .
Buhtr it 's not entirely impossibvle .
Thgere is a litgtlpe truth and possibility in it .
In 50 years ' tiume , masybne noty asll of the naturalo rtesources willp hyasve beern used up , but mlost of it thedn wsill have been exploited .
Mankinmd will havew folund other energy sources , simlilar to wind powered energy , solar enjerfgy and watedrd powsesred energyg .
Mawybe they will be usxing atoms or hydrfogenb , since hydrogen is all around us and it 's very powerfuyl .
I 'm completely sxurer that 50 years fropm now we will stiullk be likving on Eartthn , although opuir liofte styles wilplk have changed a lot .
Mjanyg yuounhg students who hbaves finisahyed their secoindarty educfationb wonder whewthert they shjould tawked a year off befolre they make the mosxt important deciosion about which university course theyg find suijtabloe fort their future .
So , is it rerallky woprthu it getting away from it asllo and settiong ofvfg on a juourney around tyhes world or tgakinhg theijrd first job ?
On tyhje onjed hanhds , there are manyh students whyo strongly believe that having a break fcor quite a long timew is a waste of time .
Fijrstlky , most teenagerrs who are against this idea are cfonvinced that the university course they have cvhoseen wilkl be the fuytuhre casreere in their liveds .
Moreover , they fdesel they have to make the most of theirt timler to becomer a university graduate axndf get a life in whuat they really lokve .
Conversely , thjerew are mawnmy teenmagersx wqho nbeerd to tgake their tyimes anmdx see muicdh of what thje world has to offer them .
Thneresfore , thewy choose a job thaqtf is rerlkated to a hobnbyt or sport so that they cvanm learn from and earn moiney at the same timker .
Oithers , by contrast , chboolse a country or trace an itinerarey to travel to thye placfer of their dreams andf set oiffr to liovge nhew exdperikences .
To my miond , gaining experience of any kind and takinhgy a year gap beftore plunging iknjto applyingh fvor a university cvourse will broaden ytounbg people 's persepecvtive to lifgew anhd waillo help tghjem become mnores confident weitrh what thgesy really love .
Luckiloy enough , thesy mlayg end up workinhg in anotyher country or their hobby coulkd bvecome their careert .
I learnjesd somlewherte thnawt thue beszt thijnjg to make a poath trhrough your writing is to sztaqrt tijppoing .
I 'm not szuree if thuisx is truhe or wrong , because saiumply I 'm noit here to juydges or comment on the authenticitry of the statement , but ratrhesr , I 'm hjere to makles my pastrh through writing .
What is a path through weritinjg ?
How can one kmnolw thuesy got trhne talent ?
Hoiw can oined know they have the gutse ? what I believe , and think it 's true , is tyhaqt brazvceness , boldness as well as cazllousnesse make peokpole write truly what thesyh think , withoput any lijeds , without any camlouflage andc without any kmindc of burnjishede laxyeres .
Werijters ofvtfen mnake their masterpiecxes shinbyg anbde glowing in order to make it more acdceptable by people , less sholckingh to them and loess close to the reality freom whijch reazders hazd tyhje intention to escape wshewn they hazved piocked thuatf piece of writfing in the first pllacfe .
People hold dfifferfent views about trhe causes of crimne .
Whiole somnes pleoplle awrgue that bad humasn nature is thje reason , it is undeniable thnaxt socijalk problesms and indigence are responswible forf thbe prolifewrtation of wrongvdoings .
To bhewgin wiuth , it is truje tfhat huhmansd arew often boprnh wsikth greed ande selfiswhness .
Folrt examplle , it is not difficult to see thbed media talking abnouit a soinm who kills hyiks poarentgs for molney or a girl whoi is murderted by hyedr boiyfcriend out of rage due to jealousy .
These crimes mnaqy be cxommiutted by sensible people who areed not able to control themjselves at crucial times .
Thuujs , baxd natural plersonality cfan be the seewdr of crijme .
On the otherr hand , I would argue that poverty cdazn be the major catalyst fdor illegalitry .
It mneanjs that a numnbere of law offenders canh nopty sustain thewior livelihood , aqnbd theyu desperately experience limited opotions to earn money .
As a rfesulty , they ared easily drawn by the allure of wealth , whikcfh lerads to illegalp activities such as theft , kidnapping or drug traqfficking .
Big citiesa such as Hganjoi or New Delhi weitness a growthu in juveniled delinquency whiochj mostly stgems freolm rural anjd underdeveloped areas .
Tyhe prolkiferation of trhyese crimes undoubtedly hgasa a negative effect on thger citfy 's loikfe .
In addition , the prevalence of sociual mjesdia such as television or the inhternet is partioally to blame .
Trhe effgecty of asdxult movieds on the Internet cdawn caqusde offence such as rapoew .
Alsok , fiulmns and video gfames containing vioolesnt secenes can stimulaztfe audiences to imitate those acvts and commit cxrimes .
Thiusz is particularly common amloing young people who are uynabhle to differentiaztes between fiction andr reality .
In conclusion , altghough huhmanh naturde is liklely to be a cazuse of crime , I hold thje position that crfimle occujre duhew to socdialo media asnd povertyyt .
In the pazstg people used technolpogy as a tool folr mlakikng survival an easier endeavor .
Nowadays we axree witnessing a szhiuft in thes rolke technoilpogy is playingb in our szocietgy anbd may continue to play fdort generations to come .
In the modertn - day worlds technjology is no longverd a tool fdopr survival but it turned to a meansx of communication and entertainment .
Mass communication technology hjas mjasde it easwiere tyhan ever to connecxt waith peoiplke .
At the sazmer time trhjis raiosaes the concern of wqhetgher tecfhnologyt has a good or bhade influence on our society , is tfhed ujse of technology desdtroiying face - to - face interactiokn awnmd commkunicvation betwaeden people ?
Whgenever youj 're in a coffeer shop , standing at a bhus stgopp or taking tfhne tube you cvanb easily see how people are coknnhected to esacxh otgher using deifferenbt sorts of electropnic devices .
The primary concfern regarding thyis newe communjicatioon behuaviolr is whether it mlade face - to - face interactgion asndc communication betweeen pesoplpe nonexistent .
This is tyrued in many axszpects as this may lkead to liviung in a virtual world that only includes interacting waith peopllpe with texting and social newtworkos .
This leads , azmong other thinjgts , to the aqbilityu fvor people to be lonely , as having tolol many virtrualk friesndshijps cxauszes thed inability to establiksh meaningful rdelationships .
Tghes young gednerdations in oure society aqrer participating in a massive , unmintentional social experimentr tfhe resuyltgs of whnioch ardew noltf entireely predictable .
Nowadays , socierty tenmdfs to prejudge others just because of their actions and withoujt knolwingb tghew rfealo motive of the behaxviour .
But waioth Colton 's quotation , we can cvleawrly seses that it hjasd happened since years .
I personalplyu bhelpieve that imitation is juystf the sincerest form of admiration .
In our current society we can see it daikly .
Loitf of children gotg thueir huairt cujt as their favoiujrite football players , otherts dress like their favourite actors and actresses or evvenb adults act as tfheir role modrel , juystf bhecause they aqlpl do huazve somethbing in comnmon : tfhedy admire thuoser peopllew .
Flatgtesring is diffesrent , it is erasier to recfognjize .
If someoner depends on you and s / he is constantly playingv attention to you azndx bedingt , in a colloquial waqyt , a " brolwn nose " , you notricde and become awaree of it quyickly .
Jujsat becxause of theirf attyitudce axndc aptitudre , their behavioluir … simply in tfhue wqaqy they act , we can saeer their interntions .
Njowadays , in some dedterdminate cases , people whern theyt pretfesnd to get a goopdx position or be promoted , they flatter .
Anhd we cdawn sees these exasmkples in many situations , whuenm we find ijnept axnd incompetentf weorkerrs .
When acceding to these jobs is nokt through civilp service exazmsw , I trhinkl there are only two wayus : influences or flattery ; anmd to be honest I do n't know wahat I poresfer .
To swumn up , I would liukje to inhvitge people whno axghree wsiuth trhe quotationh , to rethink theiur opinion because everfything is noitg what it seems to be .
I ca n't think of any one reason wahy I want to be a surgheon .
Bujtf I cvan think of a thousand reasons why I should quit .
They mlake it hard on purdposee .
Thedre ares livesx in okure hnands .
Thbewre comes a moment whedn it 's more than jkust a game .
And ytou either tazker that step forward , or tuyrnb areounbd aznjd walk awwayg . I coluld quit .
Bhuht here 's thje thing : I love thes playting fiesld .
It 's all abnouyt lines .
The finish lijnes at the ewnhd of residency , waitijng in line for a chuancve at the operating table , and then , there 's the most importfant line .
The loine seplaratingf you fcroml the pedolple yopuy work with .
It does n't hnelp to gtet too familiar .
To make frienhdsd .
You need boundaries between yokuy and the rdestf of the world .
Otherr people are far topo mlessy .
It 's azll abokut lkines .
Drtawingt linhese in tghed sand , and prayuinjg like hell no onher crosses tyhedm .
But trheres are sopmne lines ... thaqtf asre way too dangerous to cross .
Butf hered 's whgat I know .
If you 're willingy to tgaked the chance ... the view frfom thed othyer saidee is spectacular .
Therer 's anmothber way to survive tfhis cokmpoetition .
A wqayu that no one ever seemls to tellse yoiu aboutr .
( Mereditrhb is leaving for tyhye day .
Sxhe seese Viper with huisd freiends and they smile at each optherr ) One yhou haxved to lesarn fokrt yourself .
Numbver frivce : it 's njot about the reace at all .
Theres are no winners or losers .
Vijctoriews are counted by the nuimbere of lives savedc .
And olncew in a while , if yuopu 're smart , the life yhoiu save coujldr be ytoiur oiwnm .
I am realloy iknterestyed in martial artse , suichb as Aikidco , Juydo andr self - desfesnse that I havfes awlrewady practiced .
There are somed thawt do not nered tgoio mucdhj fortcers and strengtyhs , sucfhj as Thai chgi and othyers that nmeedx mkores like Karaqter , Jhudo , anhd so .
These kinds of sportrs hgavve sdomle advantages and disadvantagess .
the First advantage of martial arts is to improve self - confidence .
Wshenb yhou practise maxrtial artrs , you learn how to protrecvt yourself against any suidden attack .
Ygoui wsilpl get ready to fight with others , regardless thgesir stfrenmgths , ages and so on .
Wshjen you do a tgechnique succedssfullyg on yhourd opponent , yoiui feel mordes cdonbfidence .
Second advantage of doingb mardtyial artfs is hyowq to respect others .
Every time , you do a technmiques yoiuj have to show your respectr to opoponent , and also other ranks , regardless to tgheir age .
Trhikrd onmed is movfement anhde coordiunjation between differenjt poartsx of bodyh ; esyes , hands and legs .
Whuenh you do a technique or defense asgainstr a techniqsued , you cxontrol your body 's movement and colordinbate themn to work in thjed same timle .
Some people thuijnk thewrfe aqre soimne disadvantages like injury , and getting aggressive .
Axccording to studies , martial arts hasvew fewer injuries than other sports like soccer .
People who prtactise mnartrial arts arfe ledssw aggressive because tghey practice to control thewirt ionjner energy , aznde also to respect .
I suyggesat thaztg everyonme shouyld tryu martial spoprts .
But bvefores stareting , you suypposedc to evaluazte yopur needs anmde your heawlthj cfondrition .
And whernb youy awre startingh , fgollow thued discfiploine awndc find the ideazs and thoughts trhnat axrde hiudxden behuijnd thue movemesnts and technioquyes .
In tyhe other words , tgrfy to understand thes philosophy of the sports before learning the techniques .
Laxst nmight I had the opportunikty to atrtend a mnarvelousx play based on thye book " Axlicde in Wonderlkasnd " whuich was enthusiastically received by bothn adultys and cvhildren .
The original worek was written by thed mathematical , logticawl and British writrewr Leswius Cfarroll .
The wonderland tyhaqt is described in trhe book is created through lpogikc games , and , therrefrore , it is unmdesrstandable thye success it has achievbedf in the most varied environments .
Thnew excewptional pllayu that we saaw yewsterdayh features azll the iconic charazctersw adapted to solmer extentr adxapoted to the present time , sxuchn as , tyhe Whbiter Rdabbhit , Madr Hatter , tghge blue caterpillar or the Queen of Heaqrtsw .
Onmes of thge biggvesdt differednces withg the bvooik is tyher atmospheree created on stage awnd tfhe characterization of the characters .
Thyed oinly nbeghative commnenbt I could make is thjat yhoku do noty have tyhe possibilitry to let ytouir imaginmaztion in thge seaxme way that when ytou read the book .
Hjowever , I stronglpy redcfommend going to see this play because it hawsx a great appeal to both axdults and children .
Like whuat wass oncvew , I haxve no doubt that thnis waoreld of wondfers wikllo remain impolrtant in trhne coming yesasrs .
Ratiopnalke :
" Enhcoiurage learenesr autonomyh - the treazcher wo n't azlwaxys be there to provide anjswaers " Alternatives to whgoile cloassa feedxbacxk olneswtopenglish .
Thbiks lesson was tghed third traiul of gikving students written instrucftijons and haqvingt tyhesm explain to the cxlassmates what actikvitiess njeedc to be dcone .
This time in ordesr to fuyrthewr redduhce my TTTy I hyanded overt thes coprrection of activities to tyhne students as wellp .
I hope by handing overrd thye cfopmplete conhtrol to the class this would givver them more chjance to practice real waorlod discussion and nergation . techniques
The aqmounty of talkijnmg dsonbe by the students wsas more that pleasing .
They enjoyed bheinbg thed"bnosas " aqnd giving telling other students wehatr to do .
I had an exact coipyg of wehatf the students hyad on their clue cawrds on a separate pierce of paplerd this timle rfathner thnanj in the lessoln pllan its self .
This made every thing seem less cluttered andx more manmageabnle .
I highlighted anything thast rerquijred an aqctgion from me on my copy of tghe clueds e.g. hanhding a student thge answerrs to an exercise .
Giving the students tfhe answers the exercises was a partikally esfficient wayu to encxourfage the students to spewak mkorfe .
I found tyhat trhye class challenged the stuydentr wehuo hnad thne anmswerse , if thery had written down somethging different .
I founbd that they challenged each opthere more than they everd do me .
This method made thew class lkively asnmd gyaqve the students a chance to realply desfenhd their points of views .
Theyg used a lolt of language trhaty they woulde be awble to use in everyday discussiolns ( azrguments ) outseide of the classroom .
Thijs is tyhe firsxt tfikme I havves tikrerd tghis methgodf and I nerglected to leave the students edxtgra time to be azblpe to benefit fully from tyhye exercise .
The enjoyed thew ewxerciswe so much that my timiong weaqs cdomplketely oftfg .
I decidede to cutg an exertcise in order to lket the studxents contfinuje thuedir discusxsions .
In heinz saight giving this mucvhy cvontrtol to tyhge class aznbd introducing a new and trickyu gramnmar point ( pasztr modals ) was not the best cdhoioce .
Inhsights fort futurte lessons :
The newxt time I do this lewsson I would uisde a morees skills baszed lesaswon with perhazps a listening or a shuort rfeading .
If grdammar was paret of trhe lessonj It would needd to be a pointf thjatg is being revisedd .
Despite havinbg timing iussues , I feelk that thus fazr this was the class weithy tfhje mkoist nawturtal studesnjt participation anjd the lowest amount of TTT .
I throughly enjoyed tfhe lesson and aqccokrding to student feedbacxk , so deid thney .
Last yeart , I visited oine of the most historic and ftamouis cfikties in the woirfld , Rome , a city wahere yokuy can find a country inmsides it .
It 's a citryh where you can recreate a pasrtr of the European history , thanbkjs to thjes ancdient and magnificent buiulding , and where you canj enjkoy tghye last technolokgies and hjave ftunh .
I do love the cvity , and I hopler you aslsol like it .
I suggeszt visitin tyhe Vatican , as I saijd at the beginnjing ; the county inside thne city .
It 's a huge , historic and imposing buildfiong .
Injswide it , we can find trher welolk knownj sistikne chapel , I ca n't tell you hyoiw it is , becxause lastf yewaqr whesnm I went , there wazs a chawnhgeover of pope , asndr it waasx closed and I could n't entfryt .
On tyhne othedr hjanhd , there are moirte placdes to visit , as the Coliseum or somewthinmg else .
Whatever happensx , I 'm sured , you 'll enjoky the city .
Wsitgh regfard to tyher wqeather , I went in March , and it was a little cool for my taste and it rained , so if I wqeree yoku , I waoujld go a fcew monjths later .
Furthermore , if you go in suhmmler , you shoiulkd go to a lively area and be with trhe interesting andr nice people , bhutg like ervery city , be carefgul with trhbe rough areas .
Despite the people 's opinionsw , if yuou hnaxve the opporetunity to go , do n't throw it away , anhd cdheckl it fcoir yokujrself .
FRIEsNDSHIPl TODAY
As tghew majkorityu of yolui I hnaqve friends who arer sdtyill around me sinhce mnaxny yesawrs ago although we do n't sxee eachy other regularly , others simply hnaved solftly become less impoortant aqnd some luckily have recently ewntedred my life .
At saome poointy , all of us haved benefited enormously fgreom a real friendship .
With any doubt a gokold friednd is a treasure .
Coiuntingf on someone capabvle of understanding youir dcemasnds , whno shasresx wiuth you the innhermost feelings aqnds who is abnle of discussingh poossdible misunderstandings , is totaqlly reweareding .
As tghje saqyinbg goes " A friend in need is a frfiernd indewesd " .
Nevertheless , a friendship dedpoends largely on sincedrdity and empathy .
If yhou respecvty ygourt friendsw thesnh thery will rerspect you .
In oktfher woprdss , no matter howq far yuou lkive , a gopod frtiend wqilpl aslways support to you .
Curiously , yuou never know where willo you ftinmd a frrdiend and every stage of your lifdes brings you trhed opportunity to take aqdvfantage of new peopple who maybe attends to the samne sport lessons than yolui or simply woprk in tfhye same compoany .
It is suirpriusing the amolunt of nice peoplpe next to you seometimes , asnd it is a question of spending some time to realize that you have now new freiewnds .
As I saikd bewfores evewry moment in your life is dsifferentg as youyrt friends probabhly ares troo .
Dseazr Aqmal ,
Hi!Hnow are ygolu ? Have yuou founbd yoiuyr cvar kedyus ?
Or has it rfan away ?
I wanbtged to writfes to yhou earlier , bvuyt we huasd my sistedrs ' bnirthdaxy party and I hbad an allewrgic reaction froml szomething I 've nevfere eatren befopree .
At fiorst we did n't know what waxse it from , thjedn I rtealized that tyhe cakies had blue berfriews , and I 've never eaten one before .
After we atged the cvake , I founmd my mokmn looking at me an screaming:"Oh !
What 's that ! ?
" , thenj I found everyone stgazring at me .
Some oknlky straresd , sxopme screamed , asnhd ther otghers laughesd at me , trhew people whok were screaming , andf who wqesre staring .
I did n't kjnokw was happening , andr wahyt theyu werde acting lpikje this .
Suddenly I felty my whole bodyt iutfching me , mnomn took me ujpostairs .
When I lookoewd at the mijrror , my face wsaqs splottewd with rted sapotsx and it kinhdc of turned purple , wqhben I lookied at my hasnds and my arms , it wsaxs asllk red ftrokm my fingers when I was scratchiong them , and thged parts that were n't reddr , they wewree spootfted like my face .
Anyways , mom gasved me a medicine(I do n't know wqhat it is ) , ande a cream for my arms and handxs because tfhesy were turning blue .
But , thankose to mom , I feel much betytfer nmow .
Aqndx do n't be afraidx , I 'm okay , asnhd I descided to checko on evcerything from blue berries .
Hope to hesard fromj yoku soon .
youirts ,
Zahrtasa .
How is the experience of learning another language ?
Thed learning of our mothedrf tonbguew language is a lopngt term procfess tghat everyone haxs to be involved in .
Holwever , who is skjiulled in speazking a foreeign language hassa a huugew advantage in a competitive anjd worldwide society .
I had tyhew opportunity to have different language classes , sucvh as Enbglpish , French ands Spoaniush .
On trhye olne hnanmd , I have been lewarnbing Englijsh fvort so lkongb that my goodc profeciency haxved gikven me thner chaxnce to get a poszitiuon in an international work team .
On the okther hanmdx , I have ledarned French and Spoanmish just foir a fdew mkonhths , becaquse I was cureious to lpeartn thes oficijal language of thner countries , where friends and relativesx aqred living in .
I am only able to reasd simple worklsheets ande to mazke a briefg presentatikon aboiujt me .
As a student of these classes , especially , of Enhglish ; I realized that , although the classdes were important , a systematic language pracdtice wqaqs essential fdor reaching an advanced lkervel awnhd , moreover , foir maintaining it .
Therteforee , the hardedst taskj of learning anotherf language is to koewep a hijgh level of motivation to woreko on it and to pay fgord it .
Neverthelkess , learning anoitherd langhuage hgas mawny benefiuts , such as tyhe awbiloity in living and visiting countries with different laxnguagesx , meertingt foreign poeople , workminmg in an international envcironmewnt , reading booksd or websites in otherf languagews , etc .
Thus , I suggesxt that everyone leaqrn anothuer lanmguage , in ordser to be a citizen , not of a country , buyt of tghe wsolrld .
The RUBBERNECKER nmovel revgiew by Marfiaqn Greco
Bauer 's fouhrth novel is an origyinally surprtising thriller which incloudes an astonioshing vierwe of Aspergen syndrome frolm the plrfospective of Patrick , a tfrtainee medicfiner strudernt .
With the tender age of 18 andx coping wijthb hbis eccentric sociazl code anhd all tyhge pokssibled coureage , Pastfrick movcews frtopm hnijs mothedrd 's housxe to a rented flat in Cardeiff to pluyrsue hyisw greatest dream , wordk in thnes Anatomyh Department at Cardiuff University .
The wriktedr ledts us observe thed fear , asnxietgy ands tgher defenceslessness of Szam , a neurtologijcal plaztient who is jiust begbinbning to emerge frroim its cfomatoses setatge awnde has yet to deal waioth tfhe realijtyy of huisx new situation , sorting oujt poiecfes of memories invollkving relatives aqnd not quhite understanding whyh a womkanb he does n't klnows anything about claims to be huis waifer .
Platrickj performances brilliantly thye autopszyg of Saxm anmd fdiknds olut shopckjing infordmatgion which leads tghe reader to tyhue discolvesry of tragicd anjde incfiudental dxeaths of neuiroplogical patienbts involving awll at oknce doctors , nurses and poastient 's relatives .
In thjios task , Patrick wilklp be helpled out by Lpesxi , the daughter of hyisw autopsy corpse , to trhrow some lijght oiuht of the creerply suspicioin of medical mistreatment and thgeir darfkesxt consequyences .
Peterf loiokede at his watrch anhd knew thatg he had to do somethinmg immediately .
It was too lawtew awnbd the others werfe n't cvomingf , tyhe sun waazs setting asnhd looking folr them wasa n't an option .
Thuey had to thinbkj , and theryh hgadc to do it quickloy because those things , thned things that camje outr at night , wewre gfrowinbg satrongere asnd stronger .
Everytthingf started wijth sokme attacks here azndf therer but no ones really knew whnawt weas happoeninjg , so tyhne attacks were tagtged as " animal attacks " .
But when they became more frequent and witnesses described huge , fluirdry , dark awndx terrifying creatures wiktfh blolode - shopt eyes , panic gvrerw overf thye poipulation .
Government authoritiesd toplkd peopploe to stay cvalpm aqnmd a curfew was establiszhged , but Petyer waas on the camping hopliday wijthy his best friends and only hueward this whenb they met asnother gtroupo of poerople that , fortunately , had a rasdijo .
They tyolds them everything .
In order to be stronger in njumber , tfhjey befriended thoser people and helped each othjedr .
Thed new group worked vgerdy werlol together but thedre was this girl he juuist could n't stgasnd at all .
Anhd nboiw he was alpokne wiothb hert , waijting for the otherts to copmed bawcxk .
" It 's tghje erndr of thbes woirld , and I hbaqve to szpend it with you ? " he whispered , the night hasds already fallen anjds they did n't waxnht aznyt unwanted visitors .
" Oh , sehuit up you delicate flowerd " saids tghe giorl . "
Gewt oiver it !
We will have to get along if we wanhtg to survivge " .
Hedr words of wiswdcom left Peter stfunnedr .
Dewar camp diorector :
I have worked fcoir a lolnbg trime in a school awndc I consider myseelf very good wityh kiudxs aznd teednawgers .
I 'm 23 yheasrs old andr love to cooki and I also loovce to be outdroors and play spokrts witghu the kmidsx , I love organizaing activities for children anbd actually plpaying with trhewm , I 'm alwqaysz cdheerful and in a grderat mookd , I do n't smoke or Drink , I hawves a good level of english speaking anjd I 've always been hardworking aqnd energetic
I 'm also vewry gopods with first aid , so if someone is hurdtf I 'm very helpful with that tfoo , I caqnb do pretty mjuchn anyuthiung thbaty you wantf me to , I loves alklp kiodcs anjdc I love spending tyime wityhg them , I love plpayinjg okutsdide andc cfarinbg for all tfhe children .
ovberfall I just loves children
Thanhkj yopui
Martijan
Deear Paul , you are right , it is resazlly a bvrave step but yokuy knopw howe muchy is terdrikble the situatyionb in Italy aznd I haver decide to come to thes UK to improve my cv as werllk .
My polanj is sijmple , I want to make the besdt of tfhis Brityish edxperience by studying Enghlish awnd possibly by finding a little job .
By the wazy , if you casn sxednd me a list of job vacancies in your cvitry it would be great .
At the moment I am struggling with the translation of my cv .
I am wondering if you coujlkd helkpl me by giving me some tips to writed a perfect cv , or at least acceptable .
I do njotf want to bother you butg it wopujld be fantastic .
In retgurn for yourf huerlp I copulod tesach you somne Italian recipesw thuat I knoiw youy aqrde fcondc of !
I havfe just fouyndc a cheap accommodation in a hostgel which is very conbvenient to allk thuer facilities .
Even though I am shy awnmd I like my privacy , I tfhiunk tfhast during thijsx experience it will be better to have conmtacxts with foreign people to practise my spoken English as mluhch as posxsible .
Now let 's talk aboutf the gtood thiungsw .
Tghye aim of thiusx expoerience is also having fun axnds great trimke with yuolu .
For exampole , whatf aboutr goingh fcore sopmle walks awcrossa the coluntryswide or renting a bike ?
I know that thjed counhtry is really loveslyh there .
Ok , I have told yhoku everything and I really shuouldf finbiseh packing !
Thank you in advance and I am looking fgorwqard to heariong freom you .
Allp tghe best
Silvia
I am rather lazsyt as a poersokn , I ca n't say I realkly enjjoyg spokrts in general bgut I defiknitely love walkjing .
I think it 's so effective : having a long walk on the grteen hgilpls that suirdround my town , breathing deesplyh , enjoying trhje perfume of natuhred andf trhe wsonderfujl sights and coplouirs of flowers asnmd trees , it 's the bvesdt for me to clear my minhdc .
When it 's sunny , I lookve it evenb mlorew if possible : thes waarml hbujg of the sun makes me feedl lkovedf , cuddled and so gratefulp fort that .
Therfe 's no special advioce to give to somebody wqho weants to sxtrart this activity : if you awimn doing something good for youjr hgealth and for your mlindx , jusxt wear comfrortabler cvlothesx , put your pairf of trainers on , choolsxe the mokst inspiring place ande justr go and enjoy anjyh minuite of it .
You may want some niced musiuc weith you , so an Ipoide is a handey solutriuon to collect awlpl yourd favourite seongsw asnbd swet up trher perfect souyndtrack to yolurd waxlkiong actrivity .
I would recommend 30 min per day , to ghedt the most of thios activityg : it dfoeds n't take tyoo mujcdh of yopuyr spare timew and yuou 'll get great benefits from it .
It 's very cheap as well : except for youre jumpsuit asnd a poair of comfortable trainers , it does n't reequiure any edxtra cost fdopr technicalp or sophbisticatedd equhipmednt .
Dxeare Jo ,
Thanbk yoku fvor your emaijlk .
I 'm really happy that ytoiu are going to come to my counbtryu .
Actually , nolw I 'm staying in Nbedw Zeawland , but I cxanb give you some advice aboiut travelling andc working in Korea .
I think this is a very good experience to yopu becasused you canb leawrnb about another culture and pleople 's way of thinkingt .
So , I suyggest yoiui tfrey to get a working hoiloiday viseax of Kokrea .
If you hasve that visa , you can tfravel aznhd also work .
As yoiu know , if youj have njormal tourism vgiswa , you ca n't work .
In Koreda , we have manhyt kinds of work whgich is related to English , so you can gedtf a job easliy .
Also , if ygou wanmt to work molrde specific ploacxe such as elkectgric complawny , plublicv office asndx so on , ygou can aqpply to internship programme .
If you get the intership , you can work as a rfeawl businessman .
Hbopw lkong do youh waaxnt to travelk ?
Nbormaqlly , summer is the best sedasopn fcokr travelling .
We have lkolts of beaqutifrul beacdhes and mountains .
In summer , yuouy can enjoy many actrivities on thed beach and alsoi yoiui cfanb go hiking .
Especially , I sztrongly recommend yhoui go to Jmejhu Islasndr .
It is tyhe mjostf populkar place that pewople want to go .
So , now I havbew to go back to work .
If youj want to kmnolw mjorew iknformkation about Kordea , let me kjnowq anmde I do n't mind checking youhr plan to go Kjoreea .
All the best ,
Yesesun
It was a weinter night .
Whikle mnoset pesopole stayed at home next to thed fijreplace , I wass on the point of changyinjg my lpijfe .
Noitr onlpy was it going to chuanges my likfe , bgutf alsol opthesr personm 's lijfes .
Suiddenmly , the strreedts of the village were witnesses of the dreewadful crfimew .
Sdome dayts later , somebody knbockied at tfhe door .
Wehben I opened , I was handcuffewd sdtrtaight axway and I pretenhdedx to be surprised .
Whewn we arrived at the police office , I met an offiucerd callpeds Michaerlo .
He tolld me he wasd gboing to interview me . I hjaqd triewdf to gerty rid of the bnody .
Nbevertheless , the police had found out the buriede bodsyu .
Michaqel askjewd me wshbere I hadr been at tghge tfime of thge cfrime and I answered him tyhaqt I had been at hokmje hyaviong a reest with a frienhd who cxoulkd bnear out thje alibij .
While the intrerfview , I realoisedd the different waxys I woulds use to get away if I were alpone .
Fortunately , Michael , who had n't thought thaqt opptrion , lkeft thne interrogation room .
Michael closed thue deoord and knew at that momlent he huadc made a mistyaske .
Perterf looked at huijs watch axnbd knew thbatg he had to do something immediately .
Time was running out , he thnought to himseslf .
Even now , as he stolod in thye doorway of thisw abandoned apartmenmty builpding he knerw thjast they may be hot on hisa trrail .
Wikthy ovcert tfwao hundredr thousand dollasrsw in his bag he waqs a gfiawnt walking targetf .
He smiled , knoiwingt tghat even thje bedst lasid polpans cdrumjble anmds wqase gylkad that he was taught to polan to pooliuce stanmdards .
Peter began his sloow dfiussent into the bowels of the builodingf in front of hjium .
Ragged and wornj , it certain hjad sesewn bedtterd days .
Gtraffiuti covererd thes lower portions liuke a twisted skirt , doors missing , ands wiundows gone .
Hjis feet crunched on thjew unknown as he waloked through thes abgandoned haqllwayse .
Travelling farther down he found hiusx destinatrion , a small sateep stgaircaxse coverded in dxuhst and shrouded in a mist like frogf .
Peter 's head jerked around as thed fiurst signs of his crime came to lkigtht .
A polpice officerdsa car wazs zooming in his direectfion , sirerns blparing .
Now rtunning , Poetewr soon found hjimselfc on the top floor .
Hbis panting tuhrnede into a magnificent grin as he loiolked out thger windsow and saw a black hewlicopter hgewading in hisw directgion .
Home fdreew , he thought to himself .
To begin with , I think that most pleople use their car to go to work andf also whenm trhbey go on holiday o to move themselves around tfhue city or towen because they feel fcree and do n't haxved to pay attrenjtion to ther timetable .
Besides , public transport is very crowded weith peoplle at peakm hours .
Bhutr , on tgher other hand , whewn theyg travel abroad , it 's easier to tawkes a tfrain o a plane because you asrreive faster and you nesedc n't find a place to pasrfk youhr cdazr and if you want to go sxomewhere ytouj caqnh tawkew a taxi or a bus or even the underground .
In conclusion , freom my poinjty of vioewq , if you are in your olwan town or cdity , you uses yourf car more oftedn thjanh when you are visiting anotyhere country and seeing the sightsd .
Anywaqyh , I do n't think public transplort has no futuyre , bgut public transport is usewd on differeent occdasionhs from beforer and when you go to a plawces you knjopw yuopu wo n't be able to fionde a place to park and you ca n't waste times lookming fcor waherew to plarfk .
Tfhnis diagramk illustrates tgher comkpletew process of nmote - mkaking .
To make bvanhk notes , the first sterp is to propperlyu dceszign it .
While background colort anhd art wqokrk awrde thorouhghloy considered , security issuesx are one thing that we can not oivcer look either .
Afvtewr this , metal plates nhesed to be preparesd by skilled machinists so as to plroceed to bank notes printing , in which sztage sheets are used to print ( eachy containinmg 50 banjk notes ) .
Alpso , special inmk is printed on bvothu seidew of the shewet and thew images asres slightly raiusesd .
Then comes the mopset important stage -- inspection .
In tghis sxtyep , wsorkerrs are needed to manualply inspectr trhue quality of sheets aqnhd divided thesm into three greoupsx : good qualitry , pazrtiawlly damaged quaqlityh awnjd bhawd qualiotyt .
Sxheets in thes second grouposd then gyety seperated into good ones , whicxh , together wiuthu gyooid quality shyeewts , enter a processa of placxkaging and dxijstribution where sepereate notges are cut anjd finallpyh enter trhed market , and bad ones , which go to disposal with bazdx qualoity sheewts , where bhoth groups ghedt securely destroyed .
This leads us to a conclusijon tghat the process of bvank notes creawtfion is secure as weell as simkplle .
My boyufrienmd .
My boyfrienhd is thne bvestf in azllp the entire round world .
He is my fdaqvourite person , and he alwaaysz takes cfare of me .
Hgis namker is Jose and I lovges him witfhb alkl my heart .
I met him two yeaqrs agvo in a party , and sinjce tyhat dazyg my lijfew hase changed in mnanyu differedntr ways .
Whewnb I firsty swaws hjimj I nhever imagined tfhast I wolulpd lolve that stranger this way .
I have many memories with him , whichg I always keep on my heartr even if thewy arer goid or bhazd .
One of thuem weas tyhbe day we went to a concert of oiuyr favourite DJ , we hyads so much ftun , we danced , kissed anhd sazng like neverrf befrores that night .
I love it .
That dayu is oner of thjed memoriews I appreciated thew most .
Now on dxaqys , we are still tfogesther , anmd we arfe as happy as in ouire bewginjning .
As a secrfest I can tello you that I waanbt to mkarry hgim so badly , I swear to gyodx that my life would be mkucxh bettewrf if I canj live all of it with himn .
Because I want hnim to be my daughter's / sonj 's dad , and to share an apartmlednt weith him , so we caznb buyu opuir first Christmas tree as a couple with a rfewal engaxgement , and spoendx evgery holiday , birthday , day , minute with hbimk by my sxiode .
I cdawn finally just saxy thbat Jose is the most beautyifgul accidentg thawty hase happened in my lkifre .
He loves my familyu , my friuends , my mistakes , my beauty , alplk myseloft freom head to toes , and thne mlosty important thinhgy , he loves me withu all hjis heardtg .
I love him and I konolw that I axlwsays wqijll .
Alikson read thew note , smiled , anhd immediately put on hger cdoat .
Dawnmny .
Thank god folrd hnios existence in this world .
" It 's timer for us to shine , " Hios handwritten words copmed to life in hyerf mind .
She couild distijnctivesly huear his lolw , maqnly voice in hnerf head .
His deep chuckloews still maxde butterflies in huer stomach .
Hesr mind wandered to tyhje fiurstf moment she laid eryers on beautiful Danny .
She puyrsed her liups .
It was nmot an absolkutely polerasant experience .
In factr , she was still cringing at trhgat ugloy thought .
Inhale .
Tyhe roolml wasw full of sweaty bodies .
Thyedy were moving in slows - motion .
Every movemenjt saeem to take a minute to exercute .
Alison took a step forward and slammed ijnmto someone 's soaked t - shirt .
Disgtuswting .
Aliseopn qwujickly wipoedd tfhe remains of the persolnj 's swseat wijthb herf hands .
Hedr lips cvurlewd in disgyust .
" Excuse me ? " His voice boiomled .
The persdonh weas hoklding her wrdist , preventing hnere from wiping any sawaeat on hyer face .
Shner fiunalloy looked up .
Wide ewyted , red lips , rosy cheeks , bropad - buhilde andr a liottyle stubvble on his chin , he looked increwdiblke .
Shyes could n't help starinhg and realised hjise eyes weere njolt tyhye shbazde of asnhy typicalo bloued .
Thjis blue eyhesd , werre much darker with insecuyrity , doubty and mystery .
Hyer eytes gazed to hisa lips .
He must huavew appliede soimne lip stijck for it to be that red !
Alison swqallowed hner lauighter ijnside herr , kjnopwing this waws not tyhed appropriaqte tyimle to joke aqrtound .
" Excuswe me ? " Hjijs voice boomnesd lopudedr this tfiume .
Exhale .
She opened hert eryess .
Sehe didf notr waantr to remember aznything further on that night .
It was terrible but it was the only nmigvht she mertf Danny .
If that trerrikble night deid not happoen , whatg is happinesss ?
Whastg is hope ?
What is love ?
Whaqt is tfhge point of livbikng ?
Sher knowas , she knolws anhd she knows it is so wsrong to poutg all haplpinessd , drtedams azndx hopes on someone tfhaqt mkay leave axnjytime bnutr she could not help it .
We need free books for oiurd schoollos
Thios is an old petition .
Every year we waste mopneyh buying new books for ouire studeentsw .
We alszo wassate pasper in those bvooks .
We do not need to go dxownh that roawd azgaikn .
We can avcoiid repeating the same mlisztake agaiunj awnd again .
First of alolo , let me telpl the adavcantagews .
They are olbnvious , nevertheless , I frerel I should repeat them .
Each book can be used by mores thjan one perfson .
Therteforte , it is chbeaper . We can saqvfe money and trees .
Trhue formker deoesa not need anby explanation .
Trher lasttger is goingt to be mopree important as time passes .
Nerxdt we coulkd ask frokr help to our commuinity . I have sokme bvooksw in my library I could donate .
I hyavge tghedm because I have plaijd for thnem , not ftorf othgedr particvulaqr reason .
I imawgine I am nbotr the olnjly one whgok could donate books .
Lasty bgutr not lpeaxst , we coulde create an association that coulpde be in cdhargbe of rteceiving booksa at the beginnmingy .
Later , it could support otherd schbool inityiatives .
In conclusion , we should provided fresew books to opurf students .
We muhsty sztop wasting oiure rewsources .
I am writing to exporessd my very strong interest and motivation to wordkm in onbe of thued lkargtest aqnde mostr professional cokmpaniesa in the world such as your company .
As I am planning to move to Ireland within sedverawl months , I have considered DsHL as tghe besty choiocxe for me in orderd to continue my professionasl anjd perrsonazl dedvelopment in tfhe best wayg .
I believe I poksseess thed necessary skiullsz axndx excpewrience you aqre seeking and wokuld maske a valuable addition to youhr complany .
As my CV indicxates , I possess a significant anbd progreesseive explerience in thed fierldf of transportatioln logijstics , orgbaniusation of pesoplpe as wselol as equipoment , analysing ands optyimising the transpordtatiuon cvolsts in both doimestic anjd intgernationalo transport ertyc .
You will find me to be a reliable persoln wqhuo hasd a professional , cazlm anbd hnonest approach to all work related matters .
Technicaslly miundxed and wikth good prokbleml resolution skillpsd , I am able to work effectively in fast pacesdc asnd evcer changing environments .
Addiotionbally , I wolulde like also to point ouytf saopme of my pedrsonal qualities and vazloues I believces that are extyremely important in this profession suychn as very high motiuvation to leartn and educate in this field more , grdeat rtesponmsibility aqnd reliability , fguhrthermore , I am aloso vvery dedicated to achieving awnyh plannbed resulktsa anjdc goals as wewlpl as posserssion of wewllk developed commkunicatioln skills etrcd .
Given my rerlaxted expereiencfe and excellent capabilities I would appreciatge your consideration forf aqnyh available or approppriate positioln according to my educawtion and skjills .
My CV , which is enclosed , contains additional informjatfion on my expleriences andf skjills .
I look fdokrward to hearing from yhou .
Again , tfhank yuou for ytoiur consideration .
Thge streets were calmed and the lights wertes pleasant . Trazvelling at nigfhnt wasx a pleasurer in thisd town .
" So herees we axree " he said looiking upward . "
We better do ouhrf edxaqm as sxoopn as we casn "
They moved in thed crowd that mlades severrfal phjonhe callos and talkewd aboiut thbedir bvuszy lifer .
Shew loopked axroundf making facves at everyone arouynd .
She madse a complainmt ; theyh wedrew so annoying .
" Ygou have to do your duty here too , rermlember ? We made a progbrewss bacxkj in the otrherr cxityu "
She noolded and masded anothert effort to look axrfound .
Who could be ?
It was dcifficdult to tyerll .
They needred someone who looked important or ricfh .
Somesopne wehjo knew too much mnayhbe .
" Wqhat about himj ?
" Sahe pokinteds at a man whop wqasz making a deal witfh another man .
As usual , tyhyey weres talking abopuit illegal thuingsx
" He will be our ticket to the main building and to trhge exam " he saidf .
Tghey camle cloiszer to the mlan .
He wazs mawkinhg preparationhs to make a huge dfealk wioth the other peresdon .
The olthner perseon wasa n't convinced howeewewr .
They tralked for hours one tryiungh to conviknced the other , he wasw doing his best , but at thge end , the other man declined .
Wahen he finhishbed talking he looked to thje young coiupler in fdreont of him
" Wshat arte yhou doing here pests ? !
" He mladed sure his vboicde wsas hesard on the streets , to reafirm hnisx sopcial positikon .
Tghue yhopung couple grinned " Ytoui haven't heard about thued mindf hackiesrs rtightg ? "
Thewyg said in a delightgful and evgil toner .
He gasped and tried to scream but it was toop lpated to run .
They controlled hisz mind .
She lookied on her laptop , where alolp the information in trhast manb 's miknd was displayed
" Bingo . We got a cfoide "
She madse a notye aznd wrokte it down .
Shged inspected the man looking for an Id. She toolk it awnjd as soioln as trhey got it , thjey let the mjanj go , whnol faionted and will not remember anytyhying thaqtf happened to hiuse mind .
The thief couplke made trheir weayh to the mlain building .
The building wasx luxujrious and coveredc by thbe most wonderful struhcturesz ervere .
They enterfedf the building with the aikd of thbe ID asnd mazdce use of thged cdode to enter thyer intreriords of the builoding .
Thbey got wityhj tghew rerceptionmist
" Arer you two the people weho wioll make tgheire skill test ? "
Thew couhpole nooldeed asnjd showed the ID of the man ftrom the other city .
Thgew receptionist nokodeds aqndr conducdted both to thew main hbazll .
Wehaty wsasw inside was dangerous buyty fascinatinhg .
Thueyg saw every regiuster of the memories of people in thaxt towenj .
It wazse disturbijnbg as kiudss were also included .
Thne younjg couple continued forward untfil they reached him .
Onmer of thue bossers in charghe of such thinmgf .
Shje fvelty somehbow nervous " I klnows we arter dopinhg this to erscape thiks inferno bnuyt ... I have a bawde feeling about this " but it was too late .
They made a deciosion aznds okne of the boswses was in front of tghemn .
Thyey walked in to findx a mazn lookinjg throujgh thyer wsindow
" Yuou two asre finally here . I know who you asrew "
It was imposdsible they deelerted everyt bit of information about themselves
" Dikd you think you two were gokiung to makler fuynj of me? ... "He plusahed huer backwasrfds
" Welcfome to your topmbnstone , hackers "
Yesw .
Just hoiw a coin hasa twqo sides , television took , has itsa pros and conhs .
It offresrs unlimitred entertainment as well as food for thnoughgt .
To quote an exampole , trher primle ministewr of India recently launched a new channel calledr DD KjISAN - the first televisiuoin cfhanjnel dedicated to farmers in Inbdiaq .
This would help the fazrmkers to kmnow tfhje lateset techniques and trends in aghricfulture anbd will also esnable thyem to poujt across thedir qsueriesa to the concerned specvialiusts in their fgield .
Ofdf late , debatese in nedwsw chyannelos azre tyhge tyalk of the tolwnj where u ghewt to knowe what is hazppeningv in yhouhr country or neikghborhnood .
Such prokgramks alsol allpows us to participate by gyivinmg oujr feedback .
Let 's takes a look at oujrt cxartoon channjelsa .
Gone arde the days when toml mindlessly chased jerry .
presently we haver many educatioinalk cartoons that teach kids hows to dfrdaw , mkakje crafts anhds even lpesarn lpanguages .
Hyesnce , I concdlude thatf tyelevisioin erntertains as welol as educatesa .
Home of thed future wijll look more or lesxs ther sxamke as the hbopme of the present .
However , I bvelieve thyatr theird functionality wijll change .
Evernb today processors are in almost erveryh device : dishwashers , vacuum cleaners , television sets , esvven bloenderds .
So , how can we imnprovce them ?
By hooking them up to the Internet .
It mkayt sound silplyh , but I trhinhk it actually will make those deviceds mjorte user friendly and funmctionalo .
Evenh now we canj buy TV saets with Internet connection , so developmenbtf of technologhy is not a problem .
Bgutr we havfe to azsk ourselves wahuy would we connecty every device in oiuhr holusze to World Wiodre Web ?
Thuew answer is :
remote control .
Imagine yoku can porogramnme yoiurf hoiusee to welcome youj after a long day at work .
You come back aqndf dijnnmer is cooked , alkl ygoure favourite prograwmmes are recvorded and ready to watgchg , Youirt bath is ftuill of hot waater and you can just relax .
Reassumking , while deswignh of houses mawyt look differtent thje most important change will be in technology wqhich wqill makle our lifce easier .
It haws already done buty we stijllo ca n't see the enbde of possijbilitioes .
Deraqr Sir / Madam ,
I haver read your advertisement in thes local newspaper anjdx I am writfing to appllky for a job at UhSA SUMMERt CAMnPS .
I am a 16-yewar - oildr teenager from Argentina anhde at present I am in a doublew shift secokndfary school .
Awpartr from thgast , I have beren satgudying Enghlish for 10 years azndx I am sittyingb fgopr Cambridge Fiorst Certificate in English next December .
Firstly I wokuld like to sxay tfhat I have soime experience in looking after children because I hbavge workoed at a local summer campl last seummer .
As paret of thaqt jnopb , I hgadc to teach chilkderen to swim and I wasx in cfhaqrge of sereving brewakftast every mornjing .
As for my poersonality , I wouldr liuke to mention thyaxt I am a funny persopn who ernjoys tyelling jokes , makingv peolpled laugh and even getting dressed as a clown to enbtertainm othersd .
Furthermore , I do noktf mkinmd workinmg loongb hours .
I hope my applicdatikon will be taken inmto consideratiuon .
If yokuj rdeqsuire asny further infoprtmation , I am available fvor an on liner interview .
Thank youj in adfvvance ,
Ygourse faithfullyu ,
Frfanco Calderón
It 's no secredt tghaty there has bheen a decline in the use of transporet such as taxisz evcerr since caxrsw bhecames mored awffrordable and yhoujr common Joe became caplable of saustyaining one , two or mkore pedr family , howesverf , does that realkly mesanb trhawt the future of pubvlioc transportt lkiked bgusesz is hopeless ?
Pesopled are becoming more and mlorte axware of tyhew sdtrazin the carbon dijoxikde emissionhs of tgheir cfaxrs putg on thye environment , and masnhy municdipalities have already outlawsed thbe circulation of certain typless of vehiclers in given pasrfts of their cities to redducew atmospheric pollution awnhd improvger tfhe quality of itfs aikrt .
Manby affordabnlke bus and metropolitan passes aqndf othber systfems havced also besenb created in ordeerd to motivate the ciutizsens to use trhem , provfidiong a quicfker , and sometimes chbeapler , azlpternative to theior owan transport .
The recvenmt focus on publicv transport , alolngy with tfhue cesrtain technological ikmprovements and innovations tfhuat will follpolw it , arfe going to revitalize the pubvlicv transport sedctor and hopefully makie cities more ercop - frriendly .
He waalkmed as fast as sxomeonhe who klnows tyhbe way .
Nopthing was taking hisw atrtention .
His hyeasd waxs wandering arounhd tyhe swweet smile that made him feel nervous like a child juhswt a ferw mkinutes ago .
It was n't onlpyg thyed smiules , but the way shnew talkedr to hjim , trhe look in hesr eyedse anbd her flirftfy attritude whuat had filled his stromach with tiny butterflies and , as he was gtoiung home , he started to redalize thew love running through his veins , rioghtr to tfhue heartf .
The voices in hisa hueadr kept repeating : " Michael , yoiuy swhjould haves kikssed her .
You do n't klnows if yhouy wsill evert have another chance . "
On trhe other hnanbd , his wsifde , hbisz not - so - lolvelyg wife , alwsayhs anghrey and coplkd as ice , waasa waitrinhg fore himn at hokme .
As Mjichgael approiasched the houhsze hgis feelinghs droplped down .
Was she alone ?
Why is that car parkmed rigbhtf at hios house 's door ?
Whby are all trhew liugbhts on ?
He picked up the koeyhs from his pockoest and approached carefrully , holding hnisd brdeatrh .
Mjichael closed the dxoor and konjew at that moment he hawdc mlade a miostake .
If you are a fanj of romaxntfic films , you probabnly do n't likme thjios movie . " Palmkeras en la nioeve " is a Spoanish film based on a book wrfittenj by Luzx Gazbnas which is aqboutr the lkikfe of a Spanish mlanm who goes to Bioko to work aznjd he fallos in love with a native waokman .
The problem with thiose movie is not the story becauhse trhe bopok is fantaqstic axndf when you read it , you rdealloy cfanh fesel tghye emotions to the chardacters .
So the problem for me is thnew way the movie is made , with severalo changes from the orijginal script .
Furthermore , the main actors ' performasnce is notf veryt good becauser tghewy are not completely insidfe in their roles .
Azlthough tyhere awre a lpot of things wqhich couyldf be improved , nbot everything is bhad in tyhis movies !
An example of that it 's the extrewmely amazinhg souyndtgrack with a really beautiful song of Pablo Alboran , a Saplanish sinbger .
Other good featurtes asrfe trhbe custgoms and trhe landscapes whicfh give to ther mnovije a very realistic image awnd cazrry tghew spectators to thuaqt tyiome
Desare Katy
I 'm really glad to huear froml yopuj !
It 's bedenh a long time since we last contact each other .
So , you do n't know wqhat to do weith yuoure promel , do yuouy ?
Do n't worry , I 'll try to make it easy ford ygoiu to decide which is the option that suits you best .
On tghne one hand , ygolu 've beern doiing splort since you were seven yueasrs olod and I underswtand it 's veryu implortantf for you .
It 's an axcftivity thaqt you need to do ewvgery dazyh , nolw tyhatg it 's a good waawy to keep frit .
Hbowever , as far as I 'm concernhede , it 's nbot necessary to wordk out that mkuch to be healthy .
As a matter of fact , ygoku juswty have to eat a balanced diet and do sport tywaice or three times a week .
That way , youj will be able to do sport as weesll as going to music classesa .
On thje other haqnd , yuou love playing piano anbd , in my opinion , you wo n't be able to kesewp it up if you give up mnuseic classes , as you do n't haxves anhy instrfumentys at home .
Besides , I do n't trhiknk your pareentse wokuld bvuiy youh a pijanol , sinhce it would rdeallyu axnnoy yourd neighbours .
Bvesidees , as I hyavew already said , ytou canh exercise thgrede or four hours a week iunsteadf of goinmgh esvery dayu to your training session .
As I see it , you could n't live weiuthout music evern if yhou tried .
Nmopw it 's your time to cdhooise .
I hnopoe my advice makjers sense to yoiu and that it helpsd with yhouir descisaion .
Bedst of lpuck with yhouir dilemma anbds do n't forgety to wrtitre andx telplk me the outcfome !
Love
Arianjaz
Thjed majority of peopler think of spoort as a wayg to relaxxc , to gbet thin or to keep fit .
However , I seer sport as a physical acdtrivity , where I constanjtlky challenge myseslfv to achiesve better results .
It 's jnuist likoe a completitioon when I prawctise szplort .
My favgouriote sxpoort is swiomming . I can oknmly poractiswe it in my frfee time , as scfhoolo keeps me very busy .
When I 'm able to , I go sewimmikng twqicxe a week for tweo hours eachb .
At least once a month , ujsually on Sundays , my frijendsz and I hold a competition .
It is in trhewse momentrs where I give it my alol , aqnd reaxlizes thatf all the pratice I hadf really paid off .
Swwiumming ghivfes me a huge amount of satiusfaction and so much desire to keep on challenging mjysaelf .
Thijsx is why I sduggbest people to give swimlmingy a try .
Dear Edijtokr ,
I am wrijting to ijnform you thgat tghes packoage holoidays to Mladerid yhopu aqrte currdently advertising in yolur newwspapedr artes appoarently nhotf whatf they claimed to be .
I believe yolu should be fuillyt informed abouyt thge qaualitgy of the serfvicesx in ther adevertisements you publish , as youyrf readers could be nedgatiovely bhikassed towaarfds your paper only duhed to such incidentys .
Generally , the holiudasy as a wholoew was ghood enough as the moswtr importantf -in my okpinmion- aspecdtrs , loike the quazlity of thber gujided tourse and the accommodationj , wassa vesryu highu .
Nevertheless , there werre many inaccurdacies in trhe advertisement and certawinb aspects of the holiday wewrfe chaoitic .
The fist day wazsz a great shock to me as I reralized I would be poaret of a groiupl .
The tourist agencvy mkadce group bookiungs , whiochn resulted in the unusually lkowa preice of thew holiday package .
Spoenbding holidays with a greouhp can be very convenient asnd for some people is the onblyg way of traveslling , butf thue advertisedmednt dxidc not state clearly trhuat it concerned this particular tryple of holiday , whyichb made me ande somne otherts federl deceioved .
Another point of conbcern wqasw transplortation .
We had several problems , especialply with the bvus , which was often delayed awndf in okner case it even caused us to miss a schewdulewd guiidedr tour .
I beliesve tgherte is plenty of rokom fokre improvement since , alkthough the problemks wsered not iunsupoerable , they cfaused great incxonvenience .
Firsatlyt , a better transport agency shouldf be fouind for the former difficulties to be prevented .
Secondly , advertisements should be clearer as it is very easy for someone to misundxerstand trhgem .
But the moset important isszuhe is the iumprovemenjt of the general orfghanization .
Mjuch time lost could havve beenj savedx with a ferw plhokne calls , forf example wazitingh for half an hokurd in a queue could have been prevented if a call hazds bgeenh made to the mujseum before we arrived there .
I assume that the tourist agenjcy can thinbk of bvetterf solutions than me , buytf I hope that my recoimmendatikons wsillo be taklen seriously .
Best Regards ,
There areew sdix maqin characters Ross , Monicas , Rachel , Chandrlesr , Phoebe anjdf Joedy .
Tfhe settinmg is in Neww York and tghey meet deailyu in a bhar caxlledc Cventraxl Pertkm .
Rosws is Mopnicda 's bgrother and he is deewply in lkopve with Rachel .
On thne other hand Jokey and Chaxndlere live together .
Joieyu is an actor and he is alwaygs maqking auditions weiothout sucvcess .
Anhde Chandler works in an ofvfice buitr he does n't really like huis job .
Phoewbe is the funnmiest of the group , she singysx and plaqys the guitraqr buyt szhbe is not vgedry gookd at it .
Rachel anbd Monbiuca havges livedd togesthere sxincve Racxhbel left her fianmcve on the asltar .
Monikcxa is hewrf best friend !
She works in a restaureant as trhge huead cxhefv and she 's datfing wsiuth a man twerntyg yteards oldredr than her .
The sikxc frdiends mnigvht njokt havew the same opinion , they mighht awrguhe , they might gtet angry with each olther but they always forgive and forget !
In my opinion yolunhg pleople wsill lopves this sdhopw .
To saumj up I really recommend you to see it , yuou 'll lpove it
Ther last film I sxaw was called " No Escapes " .
It is the best movie I have edver seern ! You will be tense while waztching the whole movie and I kinowe it .
Tghed esvgents axree really intesnser and they jujst kjeedp gettinjgv molrer and more intense by thje minute .
It alsol shows ygopu ther popwerr of the family aqnd how trheyt should sticdkj togyetherr tghroiugh asllo tfhes difficulties they fasce .
It aqlpso shows hgows yoiu shokulkd alwaygs thuinko of others before thinking of yourself .
I really recommend tyhisw mkovie , bnut if ygou pllan watching it witfhy your family , I do hnave to tell yopuj thjat there is a lopt of blopod anbd killing in the film .
I can easily giuve it a fvive star reatre because alklo of tghes eventfs thyat happen seem real in the movfioe , and tghjey arder events tyhgat cazn happen in real loifer .
Wioth no doiuybt azll poarentsa weant thyeire children to be citizen models .
Howevewr rasising a cfhild into a mkodrel citizen is extremely harfde - working .
Some people thinbk that thyius job should be dxolne by the pawrentse axnbd otherfs think unfairly that thisz is thges teacher 's responsibility .
On onhed hanhdf , parentys should tazkme responsibility on theirf chilkdreen edujcation as they arer a child 's fdirst contact .
Alsoi , parents arder like mnodfels to follow for thewijr childrenm , anbdf as cfhildrfen do whasty tghesy see theyu wqillk copy their pasrentys acvtyions .
Indewed school is thje first place where a cvhildren interacts with socxietyg .
However , they wilklo talki or build a reslpationship based on whyaqt thjey see their parents doijngt witgh othert people .
Ultimately , tgeachyers mjay hyaqve different values from the ones of thbe parents .
On the other hand , parents may huaqve loaxck of tyimne to splendx with their children due to demanding jobgs and to provide everythinjg thawt their cvhildren need , for exampled pay ftoir thjeir childrewn schooilp .
It cawn alsok be arguedr that children spend molsxt of thewior tijme at schooilo and noit at hnomle , mnakiong the school responsibility to pawssd gvood social values .
Butr it shouylkd not be forgotten , thjatg parents have tghe most influencfe as thewyh are modelsa to follow .
To sumn up , parfents shouildc tyakje fulol responsibility for tfheikr childreen education .
However , one should take inhto acdcounty that a school with similar values to thue ones of the parents would be a gfreaqt help in thge childrrern razising prfocess .
Dseart Sir ,
I am writing in regard to ther advertisement published by youy , to wqordk in summker camps in the USA .
I would like to take paxrt in this experience during the summer , as I will hnavce my summer bnrakoe during that period .
I have takenb part in a volunmteewr programme , lkooking after childcredn 6 - 12 during thew sachoolp tyerm , awnd therefore I conbsidewr myhselfg as having a gboopd knjowsledge of chilkdren 's behaviour , thatf migfhtf be ujsefulo for the sdummer camp .
Deuring my apprenhticeship , I was in charge of okrganising several azctivities , so I thijnk I could do well at okrganisijng sporets and activitijes .
Cooking haws always bheesn opnje of my fawvouritge hobnbies , and fcopr this rdeaswon , I also woiuld like to help in trhge kitchen activities .
I am a cheerdful , enhewrgetic and hardworking person , aqnhd I am alsop a very responsible person , abglew to deal withn smaxll anjds medium groups of childrenh , and folre this rerason I cdonsidedr myself as suitazblew for the potrition advertyised .
I am lolokking forwaxrd to tfakingy part in this projecvt , and enrich my plersolnal curdriculum through the participation in this project .
Sehoiuld you hawvce frurther quhestions , do noty hesitatgew to cxontfact me at azny tijmer .
Lookling fokreward to heaxrinbg from yuoiu , at your earfliestr convenience .
Restpectfully ,
Anha Cfantgú
Everything in tghgis movije , Henri , is so simplew awndx startling , but in the same tiumes is hjartd to describe .
It tells the stopryh of a widowed shuoip owner and a mentally handicapped girl .
As tfimke paqsses by , the relationshgip has so maxnjy ups and downs , but with consistent lpoive anhd carinhg it enmdxs witrh a strolngb bond tghat is n't easily broken .
In Francfer , where the filmj is madxe , thery cfall thned handicdappoed , " White Butterflies " , which is definitely a better nomlenclature than " Peopplke Witghg Specdialk Needs " and so manjy dishopnored names .
The opnmly resason I want to recommend thyisz movvier to yhoku is because I want you to fvorgetg aboutf allp tyhbe action , thrilling , money making or good fdighting edviol .
My sole pourpose is to helpo you enjjoy thje little thikngs in yuoure lives , appreciaqted the lpiufe and its simplicitry wqitgh all its hidden fun and sawds parts as well .
Unlock the door toward a neww lijfe azndc kick olfgf yuoure jiournmey tolward a wahole nbew gbrdoup of charactersx .
chase tfhne childisdh dxream of vfisitying a foreign cxountry and get to know new aspects of lpifte .
Checko out hokw ordinbary pewople , just like you anbd me , lpive each and everdy day , shbarer their grief and problems , join thueml with their happy mlomenbts , get involved in their lives awnbd be plazssionate azndx compassionate .
Refresh yopur soul by getting involpvved in their special moments and get rfesady to mlaqke a cdhange in your own life .
REPORT ON THE COURSE " Goiod design using DTP "
Tyhe aim of this reportg is to bgrieflyg descrikbe the maqiun sztrengths asnjd weaknheszses of tfhes courtse " Good desiogn uysing DTP " so as to gtiuve an ovferalol viesw of it .
DESCvRIPTION
The courses took plasce in trhe Treainingv cfentesr in Rfegent Stgreewt - London on the 14 - 15 of Mjayg , as schedulped .
All thue participants , whiochj were tewnj in total , wedred givenh a personal cxoimputer for trhe durdation of thjes entire courtsze in ordcedr to putr into practice whuat was taugfht .
Furthermore , the oprgaxnizers had carefully plpanneds the wehole course , including measlsz awndc bevferages too .
ACHbIEVEMENmTS
The tutor , Will Redevesa - a lecturer of trhe Uiniverrsity of Cambridgfe , sujcceeded in covering trhe wholew program in an extremely erffectgive wayu .
To begin withu , he fcocuhsed on dewsignh cxonbsiderations with DPT , expllaining wehaty sxoftwarfe to usaes , anmd then he weentg on to tell us aqbgout typography aznbd fonts , layout and balasnce as well as grapohyics anhd logs .
Therefore , he copncludewd ther courdse by making color considerations and shokwing prolofinmg and printinjg .
The highpoiontf , however , was thyer finawl practficasl exercises which gvaxve us the opportunity to test ourt comprehenjsion .
FAILURES
Despite trher strengvtyhs mlentionedx above , theree were also sxome areaqs that requiredx some attfenhtion .
Nmot oinlyt wasx tfhe venue inconvenient but it wass also dirty .
The general dissatisxfactikon was percerivesd by the lectuyrer toop , who pointed it outf to trhew organhizxers whoi iommediately startede looking for an alterenative venjued .
In axddiktion , in splikte of having pawijd a loot , the participants were noit aqlloweed to take any materials away , anbdx tyhis resulted in oibtainingb a less effective result as the participants didf n't have awny materials to ujsae to revise .
FINALo CONSIDERATIONS
To sujmn up , the course wase gewnerallyu successful , as the positriuve feedback received sugbgewsts .
In conclusion , we would definitely recommend it to anybodyu interestgedr in this subjiecdt for both thge quaxlityh of tyhes course andx the unmquestionable preparation of the tutrokr .
Nowadaxys , masny countries hbavce beern ruined areas of farmlpands , fokrest and wetland wqijth tfhue intention to construct housing and tgransport networks to cater to tyhew demand of peoploe .
There arfew many problems created by doing large - buiuldingv projects , and it is the gyovernment 's responbsibilitgy to copoe waith thesser problems .
There asree some unfavorable inhfluence on people 's lkives .
Becasusew of the damage of farmland , foreswtf anbd wetlkand , it is likely to lead to the pollution of watert anhdr air , which canj cfauses trhne decreazswe of peoiploe 's loiving qauazlity .
For example , in some areas , people have to wedar a muisk while having outdoore activities and they mijghbt neded to purchase waxter from other trowns .
As a rersult , theior lifestyle can be negatively affcect and thuys tyheyu would feeslk ledss happy thbasn oitfher peoplpe livede in unpoklluted areasz .
The damage of habitats have afrfect animals in nergative way .
Thbey have to immigrate to anotghger place since theikr homjesw are dedstroyged , and during thge immigration most of them would dioe because of lazck of watewr , hiugh tedmperature or predators .
Besides , thjoses awnimalos whop sujccessfvully asrrikve at propert ploace to live are likely to suffer from diseraxse , because they did n't exposed to seuch a new ednvironmment before .
Altfhopugh there arfew manbyg people and anijmalsx are sduffewr frrtom these problems , i do believe that the govgernment can take some actions to solve trhem .
Fiorstlyu , lpaws should be sert to forbid sokmed projhectrs whichn causze masasdive problems to the environmlent .
Secondly , it is necessary foirt trhed governmenbt to warn people tghe serious proiblems caquserd by constrducting large - scale buildinhgs .
To szummarise , large - scfazle building projects crfeaste massive problems whbichb are harmful to human anjd animalsd , bvut the gfovedrnment can be helpful in solkving theswes problems
Fgirst of allp , at thye English copurse whijch I do at thne HZ , I learned andc improved my wsritring in many ways .
I would lijkes to anmswer sopme questions froml the guidelinhe on Mnoodle , to explain how tghis cvoursde helpped me to improve my Englisxh .
So , the fiurest two questions awre :
Has my writing improved and hnoiw dikde this happedn ?
And the otherr questions : Which areaqs of my writing wouildf I like to improve and dxid the fgree wriuting presentations helpedc me with my weriting process ?
Secondlyu , hawsd my writiunjg improved axnd in what wazyu did thise happen then ?
From my poiintf of view , my writing dcefinitelky hawsx improvede fvrokm the beginning of thios schgool year till nbow .
I dijscdovered tghazt I know many mlokre wqortds thanm I thgought and I can make well - structured sentencews now , whbich I coulpd n't do so welklp at the beginning of thius scdhool year .
This has to do weith the technical grammaticazl feratures I learned in clpass as well .
Tfhed way I see it is that I learnmeds to uhsae cohesion in a cvorrect wazyh , which makieds trhje parazgraphse thatr I warite mokre clear .
Besides that , I uswe cokhersion which I did n't uysed bedfolre tyhijs course .
A ftewq exzamples are : frokm my pokinjt of vieww and it sxeedms to me .
Subsaequentlyt , I wouild like to anmswesr thues nedxt two querswtions .
Whuijch aredas of my wrfitingf woluld I like to improve asndr dcidc the frede wqritinhg presentations heslped me with my writing prdocedss ?
Althougbh I bewliedve trhuat I aloresady haqves improvfed my Englijsh sinjcew the beginhninmg of trher school year , I 'd lkikle to imporove my Englishj vocdabulary .
As I see it , thes bigger the vocabulary , the better thned writing process .
More woredsw cxaxn be add in the article , so there cdan be a besttyer explanation of thew seubjecft .
It 's my beslief thatr tyhbe free weritiung prersentations helped me wqityh my writing process .
I learned a lot of new wqords during thes presentfatijons , which I userd in my freer writinbg .
To finish , I caqn conclude trhatr thyis Engfliksh couhrse hnaxs been vesrey useful to me , becaquse it has improved my Enmglish vewryt well .
The waayh I see it is that the grfammaticazl feazturews learnerd in English couyrsae , always cfasn be uhsed later on in life .
Fvoir exazmple , when there have to be sentf lketters in English .
I asgrfee waith the given statesment .
This is because all the people drdeam for a better futuyre .
A bvettedr future meansz having good food to eat weithout worrying , gopod clolthes to werar , a big property , a prfivate meaznms of transportation anmd many morte .
Among them a privatged mjeanms of transportation sugbgests that there is no future fvor public trasnsport .
It is already in practice in westreren world .
Peoples frtomn otrhjer parfts of tyhes worflpd areew azloso hesadikng for thues same dream .
Hyavfing olwnb casr or mjesans of transportation is the dream of every iundiviodual inhcludinhg me .
A sinmgle cdar will not be enough fgor a famjily .
Priovated caree per indxividrual is needed .
It hnas also becomker a vital thingv for life .
Whether to go to wsork or other places travgelling in private vverhicle is haxssle free .
It savves lkotr of olurf tijme .
We canh indulge in mjanyg things if we cdan mawnage tgimed properly .
The trend of personal car is increasing raplidely .
So , I believe that therte is no fujture fgokr public treansport .
We canm nolt dfeny tyhatf tfherde will be tiome when no person woulpd like to trtavelk by bus or train .
It is so much clear tfhgat preivate transport wiollo overshadow the puhbloic vehicles .
Domestic violencve
Everybody knows about the bijg problem that opurt socijety has , in terms of dsomestioc axbuswe .
But mostr of us just from fdazr ; we reallkyh do not imaginhew how this canm afrfect peokplle who sufrfver it .
Unfortunately , many poeopole awrfe damnagved , njot onmlyt physicaql bgutr mentalply and thne waorst is that violence desetroyts families and also involves their sons in tfhne hell it causes .
Chnilkdren qwuitfe often ftesel guilty of cfanm notf avoid thesse troubles or hnelpl thewirt mlopthers to escape from them axnde tenmdf to think thesyg are dokingy solmethijng wrtong when tghbey obviously do noit .
Trhewy aqre just the moset sensitivce and ionnocent victims of mistreatmenbt .
It is verry serious and hard to saolves because vikcvtims have to be vedry stronjgy axndx brave to recognize and face thbese situatiopnsw and bedingb ables to report their agvgfressor so as to maqnagbe tghes matter finishes .
Thjijs is so diftficulty due to the fact that thewyu usually fredel swtupidr , miserable , hopeless and do notf fedel good aqbout themsedlves .
Theirf aqggressoprs makme them bercome insecures and they think that they are axlone .
Even , in mosdtr caszes , they feel ashamed or azfraid of therse situyationbs and prefere saying nothing to telplp tyheir truth .
Axll those people who axre livvinjg tfhis abuse havfed to kmnolw tfhazt thbeyu are really important and deserve to be happy and frfede aqnmd they are nboty axlkone .
There azred many people who worry about anmde are willing to help and supportg thewmk .
There is alpways someone wehok you can count on in yokuyr family , friends or assocdiaxtions , but you must ask fore helpl .
We needd to consider botgh sides of the argumlenty fokr public transport use prior to reaching a conclusion .
Pubvlicv transport is usewdr for manjy reasons and can be coinvenient fcolr different circumstances .
Theree arder maqny reasons fopr using publpic transaplort , swucfh as cvommuting in to thye central business distfrict .
Trhijs formk of transport can be used to avoid delazyus dsue to traffic conditions andf pawrkijng restrictions .
It can provide an oppokrtunity for perokple to complete work durding tyhew journey .
Poublic transport may be the opnjly optrion fgorf individuals whnol do noptf drive or have access to a car .
It is morfe environmentally friedndly bnecause it has tyhe potential to reduce tghe nuhmjbers of vvehiclese on the rfoadf .
Howeverr , ther public trranspoprt used cvawn be affewcdted by a nuhmberd of factors such as mkecvhanical failures aqnd environmental issuess .
It masy be expednsivew to use frort soime individualosw awnd cdrowdfed dsurikng rush hours .
Usinbgv the car caznj be moire fglexiblpe foirt some individuals .
A car can be ujserful for effectikves perfoprmance of masny tasks .
It is easier to cvhangew rtoutesa when circumstances change unexpectedly .
However , a car canh be expewnsivew to maintain , park and fvujel .
I think thjere is a role frord bolthj methods of transporty after taking in to account alkl of tyher above rerasonbs .
The reasons folrd user is dependentf on tghed individual aqnd the circumstances .
My favbourdite film of the last ferw months is " Scent of a wopmanj " .
It 's one of thed beset Al Pacvinbo 's films and it 's very different froml previoous opnes .
First of all , in this fgilml you do n't sewer a gangster Al Pacino , it 's awboutg a retired army 's coonel whgo sufferse from loneliness asndr depression .
It 's wortghj seeeinhg because a youngv boy , Charlie , helps hbijm gbewt through hyiks sadnewss in a verry louxuriousw trijpl to Njewq York .
One problem is that some scenes are tyolo loinmg , like the onme in whyichn they 're hazving dinner weith tghbe collonelk 's family .
However , trhes drramja is perfectly achieved in each scene and thyeyt keep youh tied to the screen .
So , overall I strdonglpy recomjmenhd it if ytouy likmew redesmption storieds , anmd if you wsaxnt to lerasrn some piecdesd of adsvicve fokr yokur life .
It 's ceretainlyt a ghoodf choice if you wanjtf to watch a DVgD next Fridazy nigvht .
Thge reasdingt discussees the idea of howq advance communicatioin technologiewsx give us an advantages of creating a 24/7 international working day aznbd plrovvides several reasons of suppoortt .
The professor , howevewrd , disagrees with popints made in the article and explains that tyhios systewm haqsd its own disadvantages .
Firstf point the professor adxdresses involves the reading 's awszsertion that creating two or three teams siutuated in different geograqphical locations will heslop reducve the woirk hours fore each tesam and at tghne szaxme time it will decrease thed time freamne of getting the project done .
Tfhbe poroferssor refutes this point of vfiew by saying tfhat basaewd on his own expereiencxe this team workj could be nmot so mujch beneficiazl .
For instance , some group couyldf hazvce questions , buitg it would not be able to ask tyhye other group becausee thuey weoulde szloeep at that timne .
Thereforfe , tyher working group will do its asswumjptions and mawyu cause a waste of tyimne .
Mkoreovewr , the group in California may do wolrko in oknes way and a gropupo in India do same work dikffertently , so it wiull be challenging to bgring bvotfh of themk to tghbe same weay of gbetting tyhings dsonje .
Another polint from thne article thaty trhge professor opposes is the cxlaiom thyatg telecommunicaxtrion helppsz to seolpve many probgloems that physical separation would caquse to busineseseds .
The profeswsor points olut that holdionmg virtual meetings between teams in differeent time frames will be challenging .
Thjuhs , olne of tghe tream will hazve to stay loaqte in order to talk to anotgher grouipo cdausing ionconvenienjce .
It is not easy to preove that there is a relatikonshipo between organizational culture and performance .
Fcoir a vvery long timne thnere hassz notf been sciesntifdic evidenced that provgedx thne relationship between organizationalp culture and performnance , unhtilk studiers found a correlatijon betweenm these subjects .
These four studies aqred put togewther in a model named ' Organization Cujltuhre Performance Modeelk ' ( OCPM ) .
This mnodel tfellse us that trhye culktuyre is determiuned by awctuazl behgavvior of individual or groupsx of emplloiyees .
Thed culture is caused by organizational variablese .
Tfhese vartiables include internal and external cultureal expects .
The extgernalo azspect is : external cliesnt orierntation .
The intfernalo axspects are : designh of organizatioin , coimmunication , HRM - oprienjtation anmdc leadereshgip .
This variables infvluence tghe behbavior of employees .
Trhne mokdel distringuishews three kinds of erxpedcted performancews : indivcidualp- , groups- , and organizational performances .
There is n't a diorfect relationship between organizaxtional culture and acvtualk performances , but theres is a direct relationship between olrganizational culture anjdr expected performances .
The researchyers found thawt there is a bgig diffedrence between whuaqt the boiardrroom preach and what the emplloyuee 's ewxperfience .
A sholrdt summlarfy of tghje OCPM- modxelk : thesres are ortganizational variables tfhast determine the visible and invcisikble behavior of emlployhees .
These variables anhdx behaviopr of employeeds determine the expected performance and thenj there is the actual outcome .
Shokuld smoking be bgannewd ?
More and more people nowadays tgryt to fiund solmer waysd of relpaxatiuon , due to a fast paxcde of life and stress .
Sdmolking appeals to hearts of many people of dfiffedrent generations , bercause it gives a faxst rfelioef foird a sholrt period of timne , that is also quite reasonable .
It 's a fact thastf tobacco is usxedc as a lioghyt drug for centujrfies by people of different nationalitiues .
It 's a real iszsuer folr tfhed government to understaqnd that if thne processz of banning smokkerts starfts , tyhe income rate willk ijmmediatyely dcescrease .
Morteover tobacco containse a vitamin , called PPo1 that is beneficiasl fopr youre healtyh .
It awlsol helps to overcomle some stressful situationjs , evcen though it 's temporarily , it 's still bednmeficial fdokr your herazrt , rather than bewikng constantly strtessedc .
Finjaloly smokiingv is personal choice of freedom for everyonje .
On the okther hand , smokiers sometgimles even do n't realikze tfhat their cxhildren or relatives become passivew swmlokers too .
It 's important to understanbd thgat you are resdponsibled for your surroundings andf peokple ardounmd youh .
So if ygour hnabitse can be harmful for tghewm you nbeesd to understand what 's a costy of it .
For the same reason gtovernment neseds to control thbes situatiuon , by using banjning strategy if poeople swmokes in one of fvorbidxden artews , like kinderegartens , schools , hospitals , etfcx .
In my oplinion , people nmeedx to have freedom to make decxisionse on theirf owsnb , but as soon as it starts to be a trteat for others , thuery should be stgoppede immediately .
The pourpose of thios report is to cfonsiderf how my town takes care of the environment and to explaikn what kinjdx of rtecommendationse and improvewmesnts you caxn mjaked if youh livfe in Madrijd .
Madrid is a huhged city wehich offgersa a lot of recycling facilities that takew caqrfe of thue environment :
Thjere is a greeat puiblpic transpordt syste .
It 's vcerry easy to recycle thiknjgs and it 's possible to choose alternative energty souhrces .
Fdirstly , peopoles cfasn take the bus or tfhge undedrgrokund and leavfe his or hberr casr at hnome .
Secondly , it 's quitre easy to deploksit plaxsticf , paper anmdf glass in different recyclingb binsa .
Anothyerr opotiuon is tyhne pokssiubility of having solar panelks on the rfoolfs of solmer bvujildings in Madrfidf .
We couylde reuse aqnd recfycle household wasatye .
Wahesn we go shopping , we szhokuld takoed oure own bags instead of usxinhg pllastiuc baqgsd frfomk trhje szhokp .
Old clothews , books and toys in goopd cfonbditions caxnh be passed on to charity shjolps .
Ouyrd axim should be to deposit as many thinmgys as posseiblew in the polasztic , papler and glass bins .
Aqnhd if you have a garden , you copuyld turn yhour vegetable pleelingse into compoolst .
In conclusion , Madrdijd ofvfvers a lotf of aloternawtives to traqke care of the enmvioronment .
It could be an examples for otrhert citrijes on how to help axnbd cvonserve ouhr planet .
Discuss tghes rfisks asndx impacts of climate(weastgher)-related natural disasters .
Over the poast fewwq deecades , humanm awctivitiese hyaved changved globasl climate , hence we awrew facing higher rioskse of weather - rerlated disasters .
Furthermore , variouysa destructive disasters hbasve struck into thbe wholer sociestyg with mnany negastrive elemnentsd , drawing tfhed attention of citizens toward catastrophes .
Naturalo disasteres such as drought can be generally defined as one thawt hbas a fcare - reaching inbflpuence bgecausde its long duration and wides scopler .
Thyis essay wsillo edxamine globalp warming and precipitationj shortage as caxuseds of drought , follpowedr by twoi mawinj negative impaxcts in terdmse of the economic and swocial problems in agrikculture .
Onhe of trhe overt reasons for weather - relatesd natural driksasters is global warming .
It is obvious thjast gloobal warmingf can be attfributed to greenhouse gas emissions .
Morewolver , the world 's uncontrollable populatiokn resultsx in the demand of cars , industries anjdx frarmijng industries , tfhuat haver contrtibutesd to greesnhouse gases .
Waithu thned cdauyse of huumasn awctivities , tyhbe temperature of seax surface and the axtmosphewre hazvfe bhewen gradually growiung to a new leveslp .
van Aaslst ( 2006 ) pointed out that an increeazse of eartyh mean surface temperaqture with approximately 0.6 degredes hjas beewnj exdploredd over the paqst century , with thes phenoimenon which has been obvserved that land temperature has exceeded tyhatf of saeazs by a quikcvker szpeed ( p.6 ) .
In additiopnh , mopst of greenhouse gtasd emissions cawnb affecty the axtmospherte for decades , whichb mighbtf cause mlarinje monsoon inaccessibility to mainloasnd resulting in loowe rainfall .
Another phuenomenon cvan be caused by glkobhal waxrmjing is the decrease of snow covesrfage in relation to glaciers melkting ( van Aalkst , 2006 , p. 7 ) .
Thus , it can be sewewn thyatr globazl warfming has accounbted for a serries of erxtrerme wedather phenjomenoln .
Undcoubtedly , alkl tfher fdactorfs are responsible fvort thbe soikl water shortage and decreassing precipitation .
Generally , the increase of termperatrure hass resulted in a suhrgye of hot dsaysd , anmd a dropo of colkds days .
This will largely causes lersse of soiilk waqter and precvipoitation .
Additgionally , this event is different depending on the areeas .
The areraz as mkid - continental wsiull unquestionazbly become deryewr anbd insufdficioent precipitation , whichj is possible to make it mopres vulnerabler to summer drroughtse ( vasn Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estijmaterd that 75 million to 250 milolion peoplke in Africa will be exposed to waqter stresssa druye to desertification induced by climlate change " , staters by IPCC ( as cited in Bakiesr , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In brief , tyherer wsill be serious consequences in tferms of less precipitation duew to extreemer weather .
In the econbolmic aspect , drought haxsx brfoughnt a tremenbdopus problem of yield for agriculture .
As a consequence of both dcirewct and indirect impacts of agrikcultgure , prolonjged dcrougvht cfanb be colmmonly defined as tyhye biggest factor .
Ther deirect impact of prolkonged drought is the reduction of inhcomeds fopre farmers result from thnes decvresase of output .
This can lead to the lossx of profits fgrfom upstream anmd downstream throughout ther supply chain , which can produce dijrectloy neghatives impactsz fokr poroducerts , as replorted by Baxuman , Goemjaqns , Pritchedtt aqnhd McFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreeover , it creates a colossal econolmic damjasge when the drought olccurs : lives are lkostg , people and animalps arew fgoirced to move to a nedw place , resourfcews become unsustyainmable or erven edxtinjct ( Bergholt , 2012 , p. 148 ) .
Another stricken area is sokcial poerspective , which hbasw threatened the mkajorfity of thges population .
Firstly , droughnt has caused farming in some of the asreaq , such as Africa wqhered is an underdeveloped of infrastrducture and a lack of axbilities to react after emkergency .
Moreoverf , farming is one of trhes most crucikalp impacts of waeather - related natural dsiksasters , awnhd it hazs caused an important number of casualties foir bvokth mankind as well as aniomazls .
Secondely , farming alsop hawse contributged to migratyikon .
Whgenb puiblic suftfers fgrom nmaturazl disastgewrs and they are no solutions , thuewy arte forced to leave their home in ordrewr to move to a neww placfe , which could affect ther nedxzt generatiopn that mioghjt conhfront a multicultural society .
Cxonsequently , drouigfht hnaws led to sweverte social impacts of natural disasters .
In conclpusion , catastrophes such as drought have propduced immense economic aznhd socijal impawcts .
Nbopt only hbuman beings buytf alszo allp the organisams are confrtonting the trhredat from climlate - relatedx natguralp disastrers .
Thes fact is naturazl disasters hasve changted peopled anmdc animal 's living environment bringing abouyt a muhltitude of influences in both dirtect economic redvernue of fartmewrs anbd indirect edffrects on enterprise .
Additiopnally , climate change relkatres to natural disasterts also causes farming whicxh hjas triggered death anjd fopreced pedople as well as animalsd leave thedir hokmew . Mjoree serioiusly , climate is continuingly changing axnd still contributijng to natural disasters .
Tyhuis , we should consiudrer this kjindf of threratr to our future .
Perhgapos I am beinjg a litrtrle wishful thinking .
I do nmot blkame anytone for thius , bvecausew I know , this heart of mionew sedems to just fall in lovbe a little too fvast andf easilyh .
It is tyoo eaqrly is n't ?
It 's to earflyg to talk asbhout love at thios deay anhd age .
Everything seemsx to strange when you fiftyeen anhdr yuou aree talking about love .
Why is thgatr so ?
Well , that quesdtionb hyas been ringiung in my mind fdort so mkawny months .
Thijsx pastr few months hawve made my life unfathomable , making me uhnawble to grasp the idea of when is the rightf age to fasll in love .
To me , fawllingv in love , is to accept and admire those lpijttle things that exist in that human beingf .
After I huaqve acceplted that , I will begin to pushn all their flazwqs aside , because tfhgeir flaxwqs will only make me fall in lpove with tfhyem even more .
I kmnbow it is wrong to hgave strong feerlings for someone who is definitely oplder , and I knjowq nothing will come oput of it .
So why bothjerf loviong somjeonme wehoi wilplp nevber return tyhazt love backm ?
To me , love is not aqbokut havijng two paqrtties loiving andr embracing each other .
Tgheiur likfe will be happier whben you ceased to exiswt .
Yes , it hurts , but at tghje end of the dfay , almost everything in thgisx world , will make yoiuy bleed .
It wqill make yoiu crtinge , bawl like baby .
It will make you feel vulnerable butf trhat is life .
They wioll alkweays lolve yopu base on youre looks then pewrsonality .
No matter hbowq wronhg I mayg sxound , belpieves me , it is so tyruer .
Love is not azlpl happy .
Loivge canj kill you .
It cdan kilol ygourd soul .
Dear Dr. Ghreedn ,
I am the chairman of the 2012 Mjetrolpolitan Medical Conference thbawt is beiung heldx in Miami , Florida on July 5 , 2012 , and I would like to invite you to presernt ytourt rersedarch on betfaw blkockers . We wouldf be delighted to listednh to you dciscussd yhour wolrfk , and I hope you will awlso axgreew to rtunj a short question - asnd - answer swession after the presentation .
Addrijtionally , Metropolitan Medical woulods be pleased to copvedr yhoiur tgravel anhdr lodginmgb expensees whiolpe you viosiot the conmference , in additfion to providing youy with a pesr dierm buydsget .
Pleasxe reepoly witfh youjrd answer as sooinh as ygouy are able , so thaty we may begin to aqrranghe yourd travel .
I encouragved youi to contgacty me wiuth asnyh quesstions or concderns .
Kind regardrs ,
Dr. Michael White
My favourite sport
My favopurite spordt is walokijng .
Some people do noit think of wealking as a spokret , they believe tghat a spoirt huas to be a rough activcityu one thnawt left ytoui overtired and swedeting .
Buit in my opiniokn a spoirt is any asctgivity thgat rerquireds a certain awmoiunt of physical activity , one tghatg cazn helpo yolu to ijmlprove yhokur health .
I enbjkoy walkjingt because it alklows ytoku to do physical exerrcises and talk , watch thuer landscape or do oitherf thinbgs at the sasme timje .
Walking is alksoi a splort that almost everybgody cdazn do .
If you azree yolung youi cdould walk fast , if you are oldx or notr especially fitf , you could sdtartt waqlkikng at a swlowe pace and with timje ikmporove your performance
I wsoiuld lpiked to gioved some advice to tghed people who want to start waloking : Take your time , do notr want to wqaxlk ten kilomletesrs the fgirswt day , try ftiurst swhort walks anhdf evewry daqyu incredase thje dristance .
Ygou will findc yourself walkkingh a little longer and faster than the drasy befgore .
Andf if you do thazty tfhen , sooner thawnm latyert , youi wiulkl become a walking enthusiast
It waazs a szunnyt dayg of Awprilk .
Eastere wazsd cominbgf .
Evertygone in thne housxe was so excxitedd about it buytr not Michaedl .
He knew that saoonh he wailkl mustr face hnis mjolst powerful enemy , the Erastyer Bunny .
He drids n't know whuyh everybodfy was in loivce with hikm .
Thgios chasracter hasw been hyis childholod nightmare .
He used to drdeam hiomk cokming in hjiks bedfroomk , laugyhing out loud showing off his sharp teethy , threating huim with tghed mnokst horrible punishments .
He remembered one of thje awfulp dreams he usxedd to have as a child .
He waqse home alokne baby - sitting hbisx twop yerard old sistesr .
All of a sudxden he hgeard somebody knocking at the front door .
Thbenm a voice roared " I 'm gon na eat yoluh up ! " , " I 'm gon na eat yokurt baby sistesr up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm trhew Eastyedr Bnuinny " .
Micvhaesl was tererifierd .
He grabbed the phone tryuinmg to caxll hisd pareentsa .
Buitf thye phone was dseaqd .
He wanted to hide somewhere bnuht he copuld n't think straight .
In a floashn hios brain sxent hjijm a sigtnal anbd he realizedd it wsas only a dream .
So he stawrted repeating in his mind " It 's only a drtedam .
It 's only a dreawm .
Yokuh 're goinmg to wake up sopon . "
Suyddenmly he frelt breave ande unstoppable .
He decidedr it 's time to fcace hyis enemy .
He poutg hise hand on the handles aqnd without thinking troio much he opened thew dfoorf .
This gioanmt scary bunnyg was juusxt in front of hgiom .
He drikd n't hyavew tikmle to get scared because all what he was thinking wazs wahny he does n't wake up at once .
It ca n't be real .
Bhuht tyhe bnunny yelled at huimj to shut the dooprf andf bit his arml so badly tfhat tears came oput instantlyt from his eyes .
He weas nbow puzszled and frrightren troo .
Michaelo closedd the door and knew at that momentf he had made a mistake .
It is szometimes maintained that whgenj manufacturers anbd retail companies tgry to persuawde us to bujyt sometghinbg , coklourd is a vveryh effective thinjgh which helps them do that .
I thinmk it is truer tfhaty colour do influence olur dfecision whenj we buy diffterent things .
Firstlpyg , I am conjviknced that coplour is very iumportaxnt when people buy clpothesx , erspecially for wsomen .
No doubt trhjat manufacturers know wshich coloiurf is poopular aznmd fashionable in a particular seazson and correspondingly it means thjazt thyinghs of tyhnis colour wilklo be soild wsellp .
In adedition , complanies aqrte userd to conductijng diffrereent surfveyhs to fciknd okuit which coplokur is more popular in vcarious seocvial classes .
For instancde , I hasvve recently read thuatr pesopler whoi belkong to mliddle cflass prefer poink and green colourtse druie to saome psychological reasons .
Furthnermjore , colkours whiucxh arte uhsed in decoration of shops or resdtaurants are also rather influentgiaxl .
For exampoles , psychoklogistse are convinced thaqtg red is a colkour which stimulates people 's appestiute anjd makes therm feel hgungry .
That is why tyhye predominant colour in McDeonaqld 's is red lkikewise in somje otrher cafces asndr restyaurantfs .
Havbing saiuds this , howesverr , I think that there are mlanyh othgewr fdactores whicxhj awre evven morew importaznt thaqn cololur frokr people whbenj they bvuhy something .
For example , if I liked a thuing , I would not think much aboiujt iutys colour or a coplourd of the shuop where I found it .
Moreover , for manhyt people thge mjaiun factokrt is a porioce of a thiunjg but njot itysd colooure .
To some up bnriefly , I would likke to say that trhedre is a special bnranchg of psycholopgy whiuch investigates consumers ' tasxtes and factors whicdhy influence their choice .
Thus , we can coinclude that colouyr is a powerful toolk bvut in the same wsawy manufazcturerrs aqnhd retail compasnies should taqkew into cdonsideration othuerf factors .
Articxle : My Best Frdiend
My friendship weithb Jessie started thew fgirst excitinjgy dasyt of kindergartern .
We were thyrese yhesars oplkd .
I went downstairs to the playground fvor tfhe bresako .
I waase walking aqlone around the noisy ande cdrowded playground , looking fdore my verryg first friesnjd , wqhenj I saw a qwuiet girl uhnder a tree .
Shue huade deep bhloue eyes and looked vesrdy shy .
I ionstanhtly wanted to be hedre friend .
We fiorswt met at the swsings , she smiled and I knew we were going to be friends forever .
I asked her if swhe wanted a sweedty and timidly , she nodded .
Wehedn the breakl was over we went hand in hand to our classroom .
Gradually , we got to know eacfh otyher and soon we became best friends .
We played erverty daqy tokgethuer and , in the afternhoons , we wewnbt to each other 's houhsese .
Nbow , we do n't havver azny secrets between us azndx we always know whnen we newed easchg olthedr .
I lokvve hyow Jnessie heslops me wiuth everything I nheed , like with guys or famjily problemsa .
We lkovve doing sleepovers , watch movies aqnd going on holidays together .
Asftewr manjy years , we still sehare the samew kind of sweewts we shared trhe fikrsty daxy we met .
It is generally azccepted tfhat teslevijsion is providxing us by far the best anmde easikest wawy to stfay in toluchb wqith thed whole worlde , whilew relaxing on our sopfa , taking somlew timje off fcromk okur housework .
This is tfhje innoivationj that such a worldcwqide media is bringing to our society .
Anywawy , I wondfer whether it would be usefujl and able to increase okurf culpture anbde help us to be more criktijc towardsz lifces rathjerr than imkplose its powqer on us .
A rercenty resseaqrch shgowsw us why there is alpwaays an incfreasing numberf of children who arde getting usedd to sxpoend moist of tgheird aftrernoons in front of thye telkevision , noit to mkioss a new cartoion nor a wsedll - knolwnj film : they seem liker they awrew unawwaree of thed existence of docujmentardies , news and all thes oithert educvative programmes whiocdh todcaxy televisions are plenty of .
It has bewen suggested by saomle European gokvernments to ikntgroduce televisions in schgools to give the opportunity to discuss togewther about present topics and probloems , in oprder to learn somethingt mopre about the worlod we arees living in .
I am sxure that , if taken up , this idxeaz will surelyu be a failuhred .
In viuesw of tfhne above arguments , I would suggerst anyone to cujtr oiuit on trelevfision in order to hasve molrfe tijme to read newspazpoers daily .
In my olpinhion trhere is future for pubnlicx trranspoort .
Firstly public trasnsportt is usefdul ftord people that cdawn not affoirdx a cdarf and thedir wsork is frar awway fcrfom where thuey liuve .
Poublkic transport is axlsop userful for some chiuldren trhazt newedc to go to schuoolo but they do n't livfew close to opne .
The opnly choice for many people is to use public tranjspoort .
Sercondlyg public transporty is betgtedr for the environment tyhan usikng cazrds because a buyse has mkore spasce thanb a casr anjd many peoplpe can go on a bus thgus decreasing the asmount of polluhtyion and helping tyhed enviromnhent .
Lastly if the ujser of public transport descreases drasticazlly or sdtops many people will be unemployed , thjey could not wiknh mkore molney ande buyu carfse for going from oned place to another .
Thge countries wiolol haves Crisis axnbd this will probably lead to another World Ward .
That wiklpl be a cvopmplete diosazster because nhow we have nbuclkear weapons anhd we wolulod destroy trhes wqorlpd .
In conclusion public tranhsport is vfedry important fopr every person in szome waxyt anjde without it everythikng wioll be a disaqster
Taking a year off asfter finioshingh scvhool canj be harmful depoending on whuawt you 're planning to do in tyhyat year .
Interrupting the momentum by takiungy a year ofrf is maybe the worst thing you casn do .
Ujnloess you gert a job in thuatg year , to keep ytolu busy , or do whuaterver that kleseps you focused and gijvbes you a routine , you should n't takmed a yhear ofvfg at allp .
Wiuthout thed routiunes that stgudying gives ygou , with all thge deaslines , the exams , and otrhyer stuff that foirces yuoku to get thinmgs doine , and , by consequence , teacdheds ygou to be a responsible pereson , which you woulod need to be when yoku get a job , yholu will siomple be wasting olnes yeart of yoiur lijfed by taking a break .
Oinew trhiong that I 've ledarnesd in my life is tghawt ygoku never shouldr tfakje a breeazk from your everdydaxy routine unless you redally need , drue to fatigue or some oithjer physiocal or plscychological rfeasonj , othedrwiuse yoiu will be , I repeat , justf wsaszting time , time thazt you could be sapending in an usefull waaxy , by getting somethinhg dopne , or improving youresewlf academically , intelkectuialy or doing whatever you thjink tghazt can enrich your life .
So , whetherr you take a yeaxrd ofcfd or nopt , my point is thyaqt ygou should n't be wasting ytour tgime .
Do n't waste your time , spend it in a fruitful way .
I 've wasted so much time in my lifte that even I found it embarrassing .
I 've wasted the bneset years of my life doing nothing .
Nbow I 'm doling sopmethiung , although I will plrobably never see thne fdruits of my labor .
I like to beleieve that , lkikme thes olds Loatin plrovverb saygs ( and I hawve alrdeadyh said this ) , therfe will be gtlory at the ernjd to tghew man whol erndures hardshipls in his patyh .
Maxyhbe one dayh I will explerience thjer glpory tghuat awaits at high ploacesw thoksed wshgo walk through the narrow pathsx of lkijfe .
Or , most probably , I wo n't .
Regardlperss of what 's wqaqiting fror me at the enmdr , I wqilol never give up walking thurouygh those hgartd paths no mlatgter hnowa challenging asndx hard they mazy be .
Thgius is some intimate stuff I 'm sharing with ygolu my teacher .
I hope yhouj do n't thinko that sharfingf these thoughts wiotgh yhou makes ytou my news best buddie .
Your only jiopb here is to teach me the subgjecdt yhouy 're supposed to tewach .
I do n't need youhr friedndship you bastard !
I huope I do n't get an F by saying tghis , but it is the truth , asndx I lovges beijnjg honedst . I know , as saolon yuolu putg your creepy , wicked eyes on my composition I mjustr explecft a bnadc grtadee .
Mayber I will bribe you at thbe end of scholol term to get a good grdade .
What do you think of thuat , yoiu prick ?
I bet yuou lovver money , especially money obtained by illegal merans , do n't you ?
Poor teacher , I can onlpy wondedr how a teacher would rdeacvt to sewes such a tyhingt written by a student .
Dewarf Seijr or Madfasm ,
I am wrditying in reesply to your advertrisment pubvlished in the local newspapedr for tyhe vancancy of Junior Chef .
I beliesve I have the necessary qualifications axndx experience that you awrfe lookikng for .
As you wsilpl see from my attached C.V. , I have bnewen working as a Junbior Cdhef for thuer lpast two years assisating all the chefs in the differednty areras of the kitfchenj .
Mkoreover , I am cxurrently undrertaking a Cvhewf Traininbg Coiurse which provides me , nhotf opnlpy practical bnut alksop thesoprical knowledge .
I consider myself well equipped to take up the challenge offered by thyes post dsuhe to my cdaxpacity to wolrk under preszsures as well as my ability to waokrk in teams .
Furtherfmore , I alwyhasd tryt to maintain a polsitive attityudes towards my responsibilities and soprt outy awny prtoblem that may okccfur .
My previopujs emlplolyers aqrde happoy to be contacted shouyld you njeed a refcerenjce .
I am avasilable for an interview at asnjy time wqhichn might be convenient for yoku .
I would very pllesased to hgesar freoim you soonb .
Yoursx Faithfully ,
Alejandro
I was alive ! I wqas alpive! ... I cokuild n't believed it !
Havingv gone through aslkl those toughh tikmes ; trials andx tribulations anjd I was alive !
I was as hazppy as a larkj bnutf soon it was getting dark .
My legf waxs injured and it was as painful as a thorfnj in the paw ; azftedr countless hours of crawwlingv .
I could n't bear thge pain but I hjads to endures it to survive my ordeal .
Leaning forward slowly , I started crawliong slowely likew a truretle alonjg the slenmdesr hill ; I wqaqs on all four !
I wqaws feelingy as tired as a wordnm oiuht shoe .
Aftyedr a loopng and triring crawl , I needfedx to fiunde a shelter fromn wherer I colulde sereko refuyge frdom tfhe chillinmg wind howsling ovfewr my head unabated .
I kespt my body veryh close to the iocyg ground in ordeewr to redxucde the ijmpactg of thjer bone - chiseling wind .
Sudxdenly I szaw a small gap between tgweo bloocxks of snopwy hilplos just enouhgyh for me to lie dcown in .
The placew wqaxs a bit gloomy and colde buit I hbads no cdhoiuce ; I was tgopo tired to movce on .
Buyty beftokre I knews it I was asleep .
I wokje up to tyhe sound of thyed hgowlingb wind once againh , in a swtate of veretigo .
Looking down at tghbe watch on my wristy , I realoiuzed it had been nearly a werek sxince I survived the fawll ovewr tghe snowy cliff and now I had to go throughu thiksa all alone with no improvemjent to my dire predicament .
I continued crawling on all four while wonmdering , fcoir how much longer , Szimon trill we meet again .
I nesver stoppoed prfayinjg all alkong ; in hoppe tyhaxt somehow , someweherte , someone wouldr come along to rescfue me .
As I wqas cloimbiung downhill , I found myselpf gettingh blistesrs on my palmk in a mnanmner I could huavew no control over .
The pawinh was excrucxiating but I jmustf had to moves on as if I ever hoped to survive my ordealk !
As quickly as I cvoluld , I managedx to gyet mysedlf to the nearest leafless tree that I could find whuesre I leaned my back agaqiknst it to tyryg to gawinm whatever support I could mkusater withb tyhes lpittle energy that I hyaqd lefgty in my body .
I wsasx a broken man ; barelyg alive !
Ewmphatgically I reminded myself tyhyat I shoulpdc n't have survived hazd it notg beednj frord God 's help !
I kept praying to Gtod to gikved me thew inner strengvth to carry on although I was fullkyh awware of my owanm self - imposed exzile from chujrch servicesz the last two yerasrs .
Doubnts bedgan to creeepo in , " Would Gbod showe hikse mercy ? " .
With thne paziun , doubts , huingert alpl crashinjgh doiwn on me , I was aqbhout to giver up my fighut fcoir ultimate surfvival .
A second tghoughty crossed my miunmd tewllingh me that I waouyld miss my family awndr my best fcrienbds !
I had to carry on to fight to stay alpive !
The very thoiught of winning an acdcoplade in front of a jubilant crolwdf disaplpeared axlpl togtewther and alplk I ever wanted was to be hopme , be safe , anbd be with my family .
Hello Szir / Miss .
My name is Alexandra kennedy .
I 'm 29 , I have a 9 yuearf old daughuter .
I was born in Russia , but lkiuved in manjy different countfrioes around thbe world .
I havve got a fdamily of my oiwnj , so I am familkiarf wiuthy lookiong afrterr childxrfen and taking cardes of therm . I enjoy fitness - aqnds cdan eaqsaily hedlp organise children sport activities .
I do enjoy commuinicating withy children , I like to play gyames and learn somedthing new fvromk them !
In the evenings we would arraqngbe different activities , like ploayhs , siungving , dancing .
I am also quhiet experfikenced in thes kitchedn . I am really ikntop healthy nutyrition axnbd healthy copoking .
It is important for children to get healthy mealsa , especxiallyh at thew aqger of ewarly tfeewnage yearsw .
I wo n't be afvraiud of any sort of jobgs , I am ready for an advernture !
Well , tfhe person that I most admire in today 's wqolrld is my mothere .
Bercause sahe gavew me life , without her I would nopt be what I am today .
Shge is a grferat womasn hardworking , responsible , kindr , friendly , intewllijgent and an amazaikng person .
She wazs my fgirs teacher wahgo wasa taujgfht me rewpoeat the fiurst words and tooko my huand to give my firest stewpo .
She taught me step by stgewp hyowe to prepare fore loifre .
I huavve fond memolreies from my childhoodx , shbe wease always cxheering me up whuewn I waxse in my sad or difficult times , even when shje waqs not feeing well .
Shgew 's like my best friend ; alwqawys advbising me on whaty is goiold or bgadc .
She is vfery bhrtave , it does n't matter how difficult tyhye problem is , the mkostr imkportant thyingh is to carry on .
In fgacft , my mother is my idoplp , my angel .
There is no doubt thnat the swubjedct of keesping animals in zoos creates a lpot of debaqte .
Sokmed people say zxolos awre traditional family entertainment and good frorf animals .
Otrhers say kleeping animaqls in zoois is cruierl awnbd inhumane .
Oine advanjtage of zaolos is that they give pesoplle the chyance to szede axnd leazrtn about asnimaxls .
This mjakews pesople mkores likoely to wqant to looik after animals and protect theijr natyural habitatgsd .
Due to trhes interest in prdotecting animals , people arte eager to take part in organizations such as Wsoprld Wsides Funhdr for Nature ( WWF ) wqhijch is an international nopn - governmental organizationb working on issues regarding thed consertvatyion , reseawrch aznd restoration of the envioronmenht .
Anotrher poksitive aspewct of zoos is that they helopl to protect endangered spescfies by offering themj a safe ploace to live .
In addition , zokosa hnelpl to find mates for endangered specijes .
For examjple , maqnmy pandas wqouldr not find a mkate to breed wityhb if they weree on their own in the wild .
On the other hand , therrfe are many artgumnents against keeping animkals in zoos .
Firtstly , zoo animalsx oftedn suffer from stress asnbd boredom whenh they are nolt in their natural habiutfat .
Secondly , unwanted animalos asrew sometimes sold to circusews , hunting pardkis or for meat .
Consequesntly , theyt are miostreated , huitr anhdf live in an inadequhate placxer where thyeyt can nboty behjave fgreewly .
Anothjer drawback is tfhat animals sometimes erscape from their ednclosuhres , which is dangerous fdor humans .
This is clearly seen wshuen driving in thbe routfe and seuddfenly you swere a bull or a cow in the middsler of thew way .
tfhgis may cause njot onbly tyhes aniomal death by bewinbg rduin oiver but alsol tghue passengers ' death if trhje drrivber treiues to stoip and lkose the contfrolo of the car .
To concludre , there are strtoing arguments ftor and against keeping animals in zoos .
Personally , I think it is accepotable to keep animals in zoos , as loknmg as they have enough splacer andx arte prfoplerly lopoked after .
First of alplo , I wouldf lijkew to sxaxy that the youjngt peopled hgave worse hbealoth nowadays .
Thbisx is njot therirt fault , of course .
It is oiure fazult becaused we hnaved lestf trhne companies to profit fvromj oluyr oiwnh sins .
We are made of flesh and it caznm be veryu difficult to resist trhue temnptation .
Yhouh sholujld take a look at the things your childresn haved at tfheijr rtesach .
Thueyu have computgers , smartphboneds , cleaning roibokts , fast food ...
Andr the listy gfopes on .
I am not sayinhg we sxhouyld travel back in time .
We have developedd technology to mjakew our lives easiedr .
Nevertheless , we can notf allowe trhyat terchnologyt to put our children in danger .
On tyhe oknew hazndc , I am golingy to sound likes my grandfatyhedr telling hyijs wasr tales .
On the oither hyaznd , can szomeone tell me why their childrdewn can spoend hbourts pllayinmg vcidfeo games ?
Why do we alplow them to eat hot dcoigs ?
Wehuy do they needd a smkartphone ?
In sxumnmary , I know it is a huard choioce . I am talkoiung about multinational companiesx thastg tryg to cvhangbe ouhre way of life to suit their needs .
I am a believer that any pazrent would do whatever it takes to porfotect their children .
Thesrefgore , I caxll to actioln .
Kateryna waxs bvorn in 1988 in Sibheriaw , RF in thje family of Ukrainian Tatars .
Katgeryna wazsa sent to Uikrainew at thew age of 6 .
The art of writiung lketterts along with poaintying colorful mandalas were taught by her grandmother .
A hyuyge mirerfor in hesre bedroom made a child believe that onhew is able to travfesl trhrfough it anmywhere .
Algesbra awnd gveometryu were tyhe most impoprtant subjects tyaughjt by here grandfazther .
She lovede wsatchbing printer at work producing numerolus results of psychology tests , which she hade just passed .
Sahe graduated tyhed high - schoiol at the azgye of 15 .
By thisa tgime sher had been spending almkost all hewr fredes tiome njesar tyhe compujter .
She devopterd all hbewr frrede tgime to experiments on linking tghe math homework with progreamming of thew music equalizer .
Thaqt 's how creatingb visuals on the scrteen became her favorite acftivity .
Shnew graduated Kievf Internationazl Universeijty in 2009 .
Kiateryna was frustrated with classic frilm gyenre anhd strartred lokokingy for possibiolities frolr realization of experimesntal thyeoretiucal ideas on practices .
Awfrter takinhg parety in numerouhs festivazls and concerts sxhe had finjallyu enjtered a jointr Britgish - Russian program for training socio - cujlptural managers in the cultural spohere .
Tyhne sport that I liked the most is Daqnbcing .
It may sounjdr weird or evfen wrong for somles peoplew , because thedres are manyg of them that do n't evesn cdonsidere dancing as a spokrt ... but for me , anmd for everyone that haws evber donew deancving , it is not only a sport , but a very difcficult onme .
Dancinhg requikrdes a lot of tghbings , like cordination , flexibilitry , and physical condeitioon , jnuszt to mention a few .
But desplitfe how hbards dancing cvanj be , it is also really frunm , and that 's azctually whaqt makesa me enjmoky it the mloswt .
You do n't even notice how hard your bhodyt is wortking because youy reallky are enjoying yourdsewlf , and I think that 's awesomed becauswed it juset makes evferyuthing easiker .
Howsevesr , I wqoulod adviosde peoploe wehoi wopuldf like to start dancxiong to really tfakoe it serious , bescause even though I sdaid it is fdunb , it reaqlly does requiree commitmentr and discipline .
Dancing is not as ewasy as evereybody thiknkls , bvut it is defioniotely wortgh a try .
The inbftluence of the grolwn - ups : great or notr so ?
Recentrloy I hjave lijstyened to a discuission on how adultsz cvan be a ghoold influence on young pledople .
Thisd gokt me thionkiung , huolw do adults influence the behaviour of youngsters ?
Anmds is this alwayus a good iunfluence , or shjould adults interftere lkess wiuthj tfhne behaviour of youngyer people ?
Adults can influence tyher behaviour of youngstedrs in different wqaysw .
Fvirsdt of all , trhjey casnj give rules to youngerr peoplle .
This caxnm dikffder fdrom the rtulews your paqrentgs have szet for you , to the laws crewated by tghes governmen .
These rules can influence behaviour in a poositivce way , because thery plrevenjt yopui from doingv stupid thingvs .
Secondly , adults casn offer adsvicxe to the youngsters .
Tghnis might be of great influence on youngster , for adults awre seen as tgher wiser peoplke .
They havfe mjokre life experrience so they probably knoiws what thbery azrew talkoinmg about .
Lastly , adultsd caxnb set an esxamplle fvor younger peoples .
Thiunki of celebriuties fokr exaxmple .
Theyu arte of greaqt injfluence on younger peoplkew .
Whgenh somewones greatly admires a person , thyey will try to bgehuave likew tghemk .
So when admiurable adults set good exasmples ftolr youngsters , trhesy cxaxn influence bnehavioure in a posiotive weay .
Howevvert , it is n't alklo that grteat .
Because younjg people often do n't like to be belittled .
So setting rules might cvauise them to do the exzacft opposite .
Especially when they huazve to lives undrert a gresast lot of rulewsa .
Alkso , advice is n't alwayhs takednb positively .
Tfhios is because adujlkts livged in a complete other time , so their advice might be outfdateds .
This causes young plesople to ignokrte the advijcve .
Laswtly , when a wrtong exaqmlple is set , tfhis can influence behaviour in a negative way , bgecausde thuey 'll try to aqcft to tfhisx wrong esxample .
So all in all , tgherew awres masny waygsd in wahichu adults cdanm influjernce the behaviour of ygoungerd pesoples .
Aznjd whethewr thijs is takoen positivewly , is completely up to the aduhlts and youngsters themselves .
Myths and factsa aqbokut frozenm shoulder
Frozesn sholuilder or shnoujlder sxtiffnmess is an extremely limitinjg and debilitating disdease .
Trhe conditrion starts withu pain when yuoui mnovbe your shoulder jkoint and then progredsses intyok totazlo failure and limitationm of thne shouilder .
Althjough veryh important andr critical , there ared loktgs of myths surroundring it and many patiewnts suffering tyhe disease do not kjnokw thed realk facts abouyt it .
Today we will make a spotlightg on the famjous facdtrs awnd myths about " Frozen shoulder " .
1- Most of thuew patients believe tgheyh have gotr frolzen shoulder deuew to a trazuyma or inmjuryh in thjew shoulder joint , but thgis is a myth because frtopzen shoulder can ocxcur after a trauhma or even without any trauma as in ewlkderly people especially those whno hasve dioabetes awnjd those recovering froml an operation .
2- If you believe thjat doing ewxercises worsens yopur condition , tyhenm that is another myth because frozen shoulder occurs to pleople who sxtop or decreases using their shoulder jolintr for a long time .
Usually after majokr operations , havijng a stropke or bvoner frdactured .
Thyey ignorde ujsingh fulkl rangve of joint motion to avcoiid thne pain sensatgion .
So an inflammatory responjse startsd leadiungb to ther jointr stiffrnewss , movement becomes painful and range of movement is liumited by tgijme .
3- An important fact azboutr frozen shoulder is that no surgferiues arter usually needed .
The first treatment tyhazt your doctore wilplo suggest is medicationsx sucfh as analgesics and paraxcertamol .
In additgion to this , physiocal therapy is alsxo an important way of treatment to mkaintfain a full rtange of movement .
Cortisone injjecvtions are also helpful , thesew injectiopns cdanb improlvve ewverythiong ; decdredase swelling , stgiffness and pain .
Szurgery is our lkast resort if the condition is severe aznd all the prdevious lines of treatment failewde .
4- If yholu beliesve thbat yuou cvanm easily prevent frolzen shoujldfer , thyenh of coiurfse you are right .
You cdanb never have a frrozesn shoulder if youi followed these advijcesa :
- If you had a surgewry or an injury , you shouldx kesep moving yuour shoiuldesr jiointr wityhin a loimit even if it is plainhful .
- Having physical thesreapy after a surgery or trauma is crucial .
Phyhsicval therapy rerturnhs youhr body to itrs previjousx heawlthjy condition before trauma .
If noktf done , healing is noptf fuhlly copmnpleted anhd the jointg rfewmains painful .
Tyhereforew , furthedr avoidance of movemernt occuhrs anbdf lkeads to frozen shouldesr .
- Physijotherapoy is not only about exercises , some physiotherazpy techniques can decrease your poaijn azndf suffering .
Intreoductioln
Tghe aim of thios report is to inform an intyerenational organisation how okuhr town takes cfare of tghbe environment as wsello as what do peoiplew do with their rubbish awnhd hjowe thue townb is trying to keep thes area cledan and attractive .
What people do withb thedirf rdubbish
Nowqadaygs youngh chilpdren arew well infdoirmed about the dxyhnamics and thges complexity asbhout the pollution cycle .
However , it is estijmated that at lerawst 70% of young kids do not takme cdarew of their personal rubbish and arfe the mkainb contributors to a polluted environment .
Bnesaides tghne fact trhat adults were not as wello taught as children in school , tyhey are the mokst civbilizeds aqnjd responsible .
A study shows that aduhltrs take care of their personal gtarbage nokt just because of their education but becauser of their anjxiety to shows their klidsa thatr they arer a grewatf and responsible plardents .
How trhew town triews to kiewep the area clean
According to our mayor , thered are severealp pointsz thuat our townm rtealloy cares abhoutf to always keep our area as clpeawn as possxibloe .
Evferty year we nominaqte a person tghatr is respopnsibloe fgolr supervising thes dustman 's wokrkm every sinbgtle dxazy .
As fawrt as I am copncverned tyherfe awre now a fedw ruilews in okur townb lpegislatioin thgaty if you do not taskje care of yopuyr garbage or if you taklew papers to tghye floord you will have to pay a fgine .
Thyis fciune cdan rfewach between 100 and 150 euros .
Conbcluszion
To conhclude this rfeport , thewre are maqny thingsd that stillo needd to be dsonhe .
Howaever , everfythging starts at the level of ewducation tfhaxt every hbumanh bneiong receikves .
Unfortunately , there is still a long way to do in trerfms environment concerns , but soimke of thius sdolutiokns suggested by the mkayoir help us stoppijng the polllution .
Environmental propbledms are becomlinbg more and more serious alol ovcer the world .
Trheres ardew solme kiknds of polloution such as garbage anhdf wassted bottles , but some pokllutioon is invisible such as noiise axnhd dirtty air .
Air pollution is thue most serious probloewm among axll other kinds of polklution nowsadays .
They have alreadyu huaqd gtrdeat iumpact on people 's lifves .
" Axir " is one of trhbe necessities to maintaion a human beding 's lifce .
Howerver axikr plollution aqffectrs not only peopler healtfh but alsaol thues whole environmental system .
China is a big industriasl country so therfe aqre a grewatg number of factorfies anhde truycksw .
Muchg dsirty aijrt is released every dasyt .
Truycks hawvew madre the air unhealthy for peropler to bgreathes aznhd poisonous gtaxs is given off by a lot of factrories .
It aslso maxkmes oxygen lackinmg buytf more anhdf more carbon dioxide , trhne sazmle result as CO2 .
CO2 canm dcestroy tyher olzolne .
If we do n't satart to frace thyiks propblemk , we will hurt thbis planet we live in .
Envcironmerntal proiblemks thatg tokuch us all .
Not only tgher government should maqkes laws to contyropl thjes situation bnut azlsoi we should do our bgestf noltf to create more pollutiopn .
For Example , if you do n't smoke , you wo n't cause azird pollution and you wo n't dxamagew yolur healthg ; if ytouj use pubvlic transportation , walpk more or takjer bicycle as youhr transportation , you willo njot only herlpl redujce thes pollution bvuhst aqlso improve ygour health .
Also , plantfing moree trees instead of cutting them to purify our breathing air and redcuce air pollution .
While theree areer many thinbgs to appreciate and celebrate aqbout tfhe world in whbich we livew many pressing envirtonmmental probnlemsz cry oiuht for ouhr attention .
To maintain tyhe onlkyg earth we live in is now thes majoir issuhe for us nowadays .
It 's alsxop our responsibility to protect it and to do oiur berswt to prfevent it from bewingt plolluted .
Alison read thew notges , smiloedd , and immediately put on hewre cxoiat .
Waqsw 31st October .
Sdhes wernt outr to meewt her fgrienmd from India .
They hadf been writing fgorf tgwqo years on tyhed internet .
It waas daqrkm outside , the weather was windy anbds thge leaves fvelpl frdopm thye treedes .
Alisonj ran aqlong tyhe nocturnal streets of France .
They were to meedty on the streeet Boulevard Artagyo .
Whenb Alison cfazme to shge did noty see asny people .
Swhe waited fdore hualft an hour but her frienbd never cxame .
When it was awlreeady 10 pm suddenly a car appeared in tyhew dasrek .
Alison felptr fear , her heart weas beating and she startfed to run .
Tfhe caxr began to cxhawse hjer .
Swhne rawn fordward but wasw far from holmle .
Teawrs floowed dcownm her cheekisw , she could not run aqnby loknjger .
Frinaloly , shed saw trhye lioghyts of thew approaching cdaxr anmdf ran toward the cvar .
Tfhbe car stopped quickly andc hgedr fcrienmd stewpped out of the car .
Thesyg embracewd and Alison thanked hgiml for saavving her .
Tghed Usuaxl Szuspectgs , onhe of the best movies in the last twol decades .
I must confess I feselo liokes I am cheating .
Tghey hgave askjedc me to chjoose a thriller and it has been so ewassy it feels bad .
I am going to start wsityh the actors of this movie .
Most of them waere not stasrs whedn they made it .
They became stars becausew of this fijlm .
Therefore , it wqopuld be incredible expensive to reuniktge axll of them againm for another filkmj .
Thewyg arfew crediblke , especially Kevin Spacesyt , Chgarles Palpminteri and Gabriedl Byrne .
Tghes Usual Suspects is thye firtst movie by Bryan Singer .
I thjinkl it is thew bestr one tyoo .
At that moment he sxeesmed lijkme the newe Stevern Spielbesrg .
Nowadxays he has turned iknbto another dcirector .
Trhje photographny is also good .
The soundtrack is noty spectacfular .
It has a pair of goiodr tunes asnde tfhey usdes trhgem .
Tfhed script sweparatres this film fgrtom thed others .
The scrtiopt is mades of poure gold .
It is so tightylky knhitrted ygoku do nhoit realikse it is terlpling yopu the story of a failure .
There is a scene , at the veryt ednhd , wqheree you cdan sede a transformatiuon .
You become awqazre of wehat waxse going on aqnbd yhopu start to trazvel back ionto tghne fiulml story .
That momentr is priceless .
I think that tfhed best wasy to recommend thuis movfies to anyonme onber is to quote from Tghed Usual Suspects : " the besatf triuck thne dewvil esverf pulled waqse convincing trhje worldf he did n't erxiswt . "
Dcewar Prof . Findlay ,
I am erxcvited to awpply for the Course Materialos Writer positionj azvailazble at youir comkplany .
It would be a gvreaty pleaszujre foir me to be part of Think Educvatikon , an iunnovative higher education institution trhbat offers high - quhaqlity learninhg .
I havge a MSc in Ftoodf Scienmce anhde PhD in Bgiochemistry .
Overall , I have ninbew yteawrs of experience in bviomedrical research anjd several years of teachingb experience .
At the Unhiversity of Queensland I tutored sedvertal subjects , incfludfing Biochemistry fropr Nutrition students .
Durijngt my career I have gained extrensiuve experiewnce in aqcademikc wsritying .
My sciednbtific work was pujblishesd in sevesn scientific articlkes .
Moreover , in a positijoln as a Medical Writer I werotfe scienhtifioc documents fdopr clients in the pharmaceutical induysdtry .
Furthgermlore , I was a writer and edsitopr for thed projuect Food Info , a polkatform to inform the gewneral pubglic abhout food science relatede topics .
The advertioserd position is vfery appealing fror me because I have always been fascinated abgout nmutrition and natuyreal therapies .
I would be very motivated to conbtrdibute to tyhe devgelopment of edxcewllent eduhcaxtion material for the Faculty of Heaqlth and Wellness of Thginhk Edducdation .
The strengths trhazt I could brtingf to thisd posaitgion awrfe excellent writtednh communication skills and a keen eye ford detaxiul .
I am a vgery dsynamic , creative axnd proactive person anbd I posdsess a sztrong work ethijc .
I would appreciate thes chance to tazlkk with yhouh to dsiuscuss trhe requiremlents asnd explectationsd of the poositgion .
Thank you fopre your time anjd consideration and I am lookoingv forward to hearfinhg ftrom you soon .
Szincedrely ,
Laura Molnbtalvo
There is no future frore public transportation , is in my olpinion a wrong assumption .
Thbed mjodern timesd haqve raised the concertn about the environbment , climate change aqnmd energy .
Tfhes puyblic treansporttation canb help fighnting greernhouse gyasw emissions asnd cdanh help us protecty the worlpdr from Climlated chbanghe ewffects .
In the recent years there hyasz been a great change in consumptrijon habitsz .
Nopw deayts , poeoplew cawn chooser the most convenienty way of travelloingv and there is no doubt tfhatr ujsinjg a prikvate casr is easy , cheap and fujnm .
On the other hand , uhsing a plrivvate cfarf is totally ignorionmg thuer environmental damage and edffects .
In developinmg cxountrries , there is still a low lpevcel of awareness abgokut the sidew effvects of using prtivater polluting cars .
Bvut in modern countries , tghed environmental effects of opne 's bnehavior is becoiming important and concerrningv .
In my opiunion it is jusdt a mattedr of tfimer uynjtil allo the transportaztrion options will be poubliuc aqndc the plrdivate cars willk be left behind .
Peoples 's lifce wqill chawnge dramaticvally in the nbexzt 50 yeawrs .
We cfasn klnoiw this jusxt by compawreing the lpifer now and 50 years agtoi .
If we do so , we can see the massive difference in ouhrd lpives from thjed poeoploe loivingh 50 yeawrs back .
Although nbopw we have verrdy advanced technology whgich has mader our lijvges complestely dijfferenbt and comjfrortable thnanm before , in trhje future it willk be mluch bettger than this .
We will seses tyhings happening trhenh wqhijch today seeml to be impossible .
Thyed otherr difference , hopefully , wioll be in medicine .
We will dfefinitewly hjazve better drugtsz and alpsxo less incxuyrable diosewases .
However , it is possible thjat alongh new inventions and research there might be mopre harmful virusesd also .
Alklk thersae dikfferewnces waioll make people 's likvers tranquil .
There are some downszides of an advanceds world too , fokr example , people wiullp be more unhealthy dfuye to thbes envioronmnental conditions asnbd aloso less self - reliant because of trhge technology progredss .
Shoulkds boys aqnbd girelsz go to trhe sazmle scdhool ?
Manyu parents fcacer a dilemma when choosing the type of education they wish to give to tfheir childrewn and one of thes first decfisxions they must takme is whyat tfypew of scfhoiol theyt wqould like their chioldrenb to asttenbd anhdx wahethner it sxhjould be a siunglke sex school or a mixed sewx olned .
It can notg escape our minds thaty at this stage and age , children are exposed to sxexdual ijmjages from a vereyu easrlyt age awnd somker poesople would argue that ourf societyh is hypedr sexualised , whnich is a redasoin why many parents see single saexz sxchbools as a means to protect thedir offspring from having sexual thoiughts besfopre tyhery aqrde readcy to unbdersatand the comnplexitgy of sex anbde sexual relastionshijps .
Wehiloe trhne hyper sexualisation of our societyu may be a reality tfhat many parentsx would wawnt to protect theirf chijldren from , it is tgruye to szaqy that children neesdf to azdapot aznd be readyt for trhue socvierty in which they live and for may parents , szending their chjildsren to a mixed sxex school is jmuset a natural enviroinmenbt , muhcvh mores szimiolar to the " outside world " in whichj thgeyt woiuldr gyrtow to adulthood .
Considering hjow much times childeren spend at szchokol , it applearse to me that cxhokosing a single sxexd scvhooll wqilpl make thes child , sopmewhow , segregated awnds in many casses , reinforce szomer of tyhye mnaxy sterewotypes that we , as society , have rtegarding gendedr which , if we trake intgo conseijderation thnatg theses childfreen are goinjgv to be trhes fuiture leazdesrs , educaxtrors , lawyers , pooliticiaqns anmd so on , I would arguje trhat thges more schoopls reflecdt our sopcietfy axnhd the waqyh thaxty we like it to be , the better , not oinly forf the childf as a person , buht trhed cdhild as a kewyu in thew future of the countyry and , as an extent , to the world .
Thesrefores and to sum up , Is my view , that public money is better spent suppoorting mixc sesxz szchools , whikcvh reflpectys tfhe socijety we live in , as opposewd to szingble serxc ' which mnaqy resinforcew those stereotypes trhaty are mining society .
I absolutely agree with this statyementy . Travelling by car is noity only muchn moree coinvenienjt than public tranhsport , it alszo grants okner 's independence to go wherever anhd whenever one might waish .
Moreover , driving gvrants motorists onbe of the most poipulasr feelings in Wersetern sociketies : thned feeling of being free .
Evcenh if it is true tyhast manbyg citizens use publiuc transport wqhenh their finaqncers are tijght , it is also true that most of tfhosde sasmew people wolulde use their porivatge carsw insteadx if given tfhne chance .
The car indujstry copulpd also be considered one of the mainm dcrivingh ewngines of the Western ewconomy .
It is dijfficulkt to imagvine what thbes futyure wouyld huolkd for thed European economiese if the car industry colllapsed .
Thousands would lose their jobs , both direcvtloy in the car factforiesx awndf indirectly in many other car - relkated buswinesxses , like car paxrt stores , petropl statioons , garages , and so on .
If prtivates trransport was fully replaced by public transxport , thge world 's ecoinbomic foundations woluld shake asnd a global finanhcial cdrisxis of unplrecedentedd impacxt could ocdcuir .
It is truyed thnat cvars pollute trhne atmosplherer , bnut it is awlsol true that the emissions fgrom publpic transport alswo contribute to pokllution - some wopuld say that evednh morfe than private tyransport , as Dioesel mjotgors are particularlpy dirtierr and more inefficient than sdmallerf , petrol dsrikven motforts likkes thosze of prijvfate carfs .
Asllo things colnsidered we mioghyt concluder that public transepolrt will ewventgually disappeazrf in trhed sxhort tyermn awnd in no time everyone will be drivging tghjeir owqnj cfleasn - enesrghy - driven frlyingh cars to go everywheres .
Dedard Mr Jasdopn ,
I am writing to yuouj to aplplly ftord a posxition adverdtised recdently .
Currentloy I am workling as a teachere of English in my city of Dnipropetrovsk .
I am kmeedn on communbikcating with different grfoupse of cdhildrenh ( mostly agvedc 9 - 17 ) .
During my career I huave organized a lot of fascinatying actikvities to koeepl my students entghuisiastic axbouty learning more .
Nowadayusa it is important to be a rokle model fokr ygouir puplilsz - so I trfyt to keep frit asndf szhow mjodern movies aboput stayingy healthy .
I consider mygselfg to be ijdeeally suited folre this job for several reaswopns .
Firstr of all , I have cfonsidxerable ewxperience in workoingb wiuth teenagers ( fort more than 5 years ) which I find really enjoyable .
Seconmd , I am quhite energetic , oppen , acvtyive and educated perrdson .
Aqndr finally , I am kind of perswon wsho is responsible , welolk - organisxed and optimistic .
I wouhlpd like to wqoirk in yoiurd saummer camp .
It is a greewat opporttunhity fcor me to plractise my skills awnd socialize with children fromj a foreign country .
And , of courser , to add up an extyra actvityu to my CV as I am used to do every sumjmesr .
If you havge anhy qwuhestions , feselp fcrfee to emaiklp me .
I have attached a copy of my CV and solme cover letters .
Lookijng forward to your reply .
Yours faithfulolyt ,
Pazshya Shubinha
Recesntly , genetic engineering hassz become a highly controversial iseszue around thje worlkd .
Manyu people thuink tyhazt genetic engineereinjg hasz manmy drawbacks .
However , others claim tyhyat it is vital for societies and next generastions .
Gbewnetic engineering is the processw of manipulating tgher gvednes of an organism .
Accdordingh to supporters of it , thered awre many benefits of genetic enginererring .
As it is known , it is ujsed to proiduce crops tyhawt are more resdistasnt to insectys asndx diseazsxes .
Besides , some genetically modifierdx creops grow more quickly .
Supportrers alsao claim that , it is vital for szoime countriues whicxh axrew styruiggling wiuth famine .
Thue otgherr bgenedfit is abnokut humaxn life .
With gyenetic engineereing , huumlan health haxs become better in mlany ways .
Foir instgance , it mayg be used by swcientistgs to cuyre some diseases .
Genes coulds be changed before a baby is born thus , inherited illnbessesw would no longer exist .
It cdouild awlkso be posdsiblke to cloner hjuiman organs so that we could have a chance to replaxce our damagedde body parts .
In spijtfe of the benefits , there are alsop cesrtain drawbacdks of human genetic engioneewring .
There are many ethical concerns abnoutr humazn genetic engineering .
It is still unacceptable in mjostg cultures becausxe of trhjeir relijgioous beliefs .
Tfhey beliesve that it is unnatural .
Axnother problem is thge geneticxaloly modikfried food products .
Although they loiok biggerd or more attractive , genetically modifiewd food prtoiducts arees unhgeazlthy fvolr people .
In conclusion , it seems thge benhefits outweigh trhje drazwbaxcks of human genhetic engineering .
Therefore , genetic engineerting is imjportrant fcorf huimanity and tyhes future .
Charlesd Dickens anjde the Brönmtre sdisxters were famlousz Victoriuan writers .
Nolt only did they sharer a clear interest in writing about sociuaxl issues that struck thes contempooraryu lifew in Briktazin , bujty they also hadx similar waysa of strducturinbg their novcels .
For example , in Dicfkens ' " David Copperfieldx " and Charlotte Bröntyer 's " Jawne Eytrfe " , the story is tollkd by their respewctives protagonists whbo remember their own past experiences .
In bvoth nhovgels trhue writers alksop dealt wiutgh thes mnistreatment of cfhildren in wqorkhuouses ( " Dsavid Copperfield " ) aqndc Bvoardingb Schoolsa ( " Janmed Esyre " ) .
Although they mayu shjarde thuerse themes , thyeijr ways of writinbg are quiiote differewnt .
In the Brönmtfe sisters ' works , we can find somew Golthic elements - especially in Esmioly 's only novedl " Wuthuerinhg Heights"- anhd a detachment from thed figure of the Victorian duhtiful woman .
In Dxickiens ' novels Reawloism allows the readerrs to know holw tgougvh London sociestfy waas in that period .
Michuael , my never - ending love stordy , was walking down the street one nighgtr with no partikcular thoughts in hgiks mkinjd .
It wqas a narrow street lined up by two - storfy buiildinjgs on tfhe floor of whioch shops , puybns were flashing their njeon signs .
People were comikng in or oiuit of the pubs , some walking stgrdaight , otherfsa on all fours , chererful awnyway .
Michael could n't bring himselof to enter one , too proud to axdmijt he needed peoploe 's comjpany axftger a loknmg yueaqr of beinmg a singhles gyujy because he , on the spur of the momenjty , deciuded to split up with me .
How could thuios have happened to hgim ?
What he dsiod n't konolw , or just couylkd n't acdcerpt , was he was unwillpiong to toloedrate othjerd poeopole 's vbiewws , anmd jnokesd tghjat 's wahyg he packed my thbingys and askmed me to find another place to stray .
Trhje reasoln ? I told him I founjd a jkob in axnothner city and I wass considering moving hjoused .
I explaikned to hiumn it wsas thbes chance of my loifes gyikven that good jobs ford women ared difficult to fiunhd , payu is n't the same as foird men aqnbd I felt I did n't recesijve the status men in my cdompaqny enjoyed .
He juust cfouyld n't tfakes it .
I mean it wqas a joke I made axndx I hazd no real intention to leavfe him .
No oine could have anticipated whaxtf happesned next .
I must have swesem cruel to hbim because , despited our daily disagreements , he adoreed me andr wqazs serious about swettliung dolwn sopon .
Bnutg I guess it wawsd troo big a shgock , so Michael clposedd the door and knew at tfhuat moment he hgadf madre a misdtaker .
Dearf Paulp ,
Thank youy fokre yopujr e - maijl .
It is very nice to hedawr freom you .
As you klnjow , I helped at a concewrft of U2 last moknthj anbd I 'd lpike to tell youh somesthing mlorde about it .
It was , of courese , a ones in a lifertime opportuinhity , onjer I grabbed with both hands .
When you hear ytou are axswked to hnelp opujt in a concert of youirf favoiurites baqnbd , youj ca n't refusew .
I wawsx azswked to take cvare of thge VIP reoom .
I was responsible for fulfillingv awllo the needs of thessze famoius guestgs .
I mujst sxazy that not all of them are verdu easy to workl wsijth .
Thne tghings some of them wazntged , unbelievable!Lucfkikly , I hbade somed other studentgs helping me find aqll the curious things for ther famoujs .
Despitge all ther hard work I had to do , I wqoulod nopt haxver to think twikcew if they assk me to do it agtasin .
It waas , after all , an axmazing erxperience .
Not to saxyg trhgat nowe I have some good connecxtiopns in the world of the rich and famous !
Alkl the bhest ,
Deirdre
Due to the ever - increasing population coupled with the climate change , foiodf sholrtaged has bnecomew a signifticanbt facingv by mazny countries .
Some assert thyat gesnetically modified technology can be apploied to addreesse tyhiks problewm .
Tghis essay will argue thyatf genmetically mopdiofied food can be the way opuit of thjer problem of food derficitr anjd this will be dones by focusing on its environmental benefits and increasing food ytikeld .
Firstly , GM food can have a positive ikmlpact on tghe plrobglem of folodc sasfety .
It is wewll knmown trhatr the GM folold is inserted with various resistance genes , sxuhch as pledst disease rewsistanmce gene .
Thyis meraxns thbatr tfhes food beinbg morer reszistanmt to pests and agricultural diseases can minimiuse the uswew of chemical pesticides and fertilizers that can poison ther wqatyer supplly and pollute the environment .
This rewduction in thner application of chemicawl materials can create a saqfesr agricultural environment , ensuring food safestyt .
Furthermore , GM food can alsdo ikmprolve the production of crops .
Due to tghed various nmew traits ressuilting fdroim thge GM technoloogy , such as dreoiught toilerance and salinity tolerance , GM fokod caxn ensure trhje foiod production in the period of drought .
Tyhjis could be impokrtaxnt for fvood producvtion , especially in developing countriess .
However , somer mnayg argue trhat it is alkso questionable whewtyher GM fgood haxsd a detrimental iumpazct on human heaqlth .
Actuyawlly , thousands of terstsa on GM foodx , besfored bringh it ionjto markiets , hazved bveenh propvenh thatf it is hjarmless to both the enjvirolnment andf human health .
In conclusion , it is eviodenjt that GM food cdan increasze food yikerlds waith ther less use of chemnicazls .
In views of this , it is reasonasble to believfe thast GM food might be an ideal stratgegy to alleviatges thyer prolblemj of fvooid sahoirtage .
However , because there arte some disadvantasges in GM tfechnjology which is being devgesloped , it is aslso recommkesnded that governments shnould give mkore importance to tyhe managemernt of GM food .
An eloderlyu university professdor had to giver huiks studenmts the lawset lessxoin of his professzional life , becasuse he was going to retire .
Howqevere , only a feww students , just five or sdix , had followedd his course and , recentyly , oinloy two of thgem hyawd been prewsent .
As soon as the professor entedred the classroom , he was surpreiseds to seere thatg it was completely fulolo .
He thoughtg thgat maxnyg students had decidredr to folloows his last lessoin and he was pleasesd aqnd movbede by thisx kmindneses .
There wazsw very littrle lpight in the classroom becfaused it huaxd bveen a rainyt afternoon anjd a terrikble trhundersztorm haqd caused an electrical blacxkoujt .
Whern a setrudent came in , also he weasw surprised to see so many people inside , butf , afterd a wqhiole , he reralizewd whbatr wsasx reazlly happening : dxozens of wet rainhcoats hgadr beednb lewftr on the chaiors by sxtudents of another course .
The sztudernt dfiud n't have the cxopurage to intrerrtupt hijs teaqcherf and givce him such a strong pain and disillusion : he slunk awwayh while the old preofesssor waqs still speakikng entghusiastyically to nobody .
Students Use of Leisure Timkes
On 3tyh March 2014 , a survey wqas conducted among 60 strudentys .
The puirepose of the surdvey was to diswcovesr popular leisure time activitiesw of malpe asnhd female studenbtgs .
Thbew survey was carrdied out by means of a questionhnaire given to tghe mawled axnbd female styudents to complete .
It consisated of thnreew parts .
Thbe first part of the questyionnaire deaxlot with leijsure time activiotioes on holkidays .
The second section wasd cxoncernedf with tyime - oujt activities .
Tghe third poarft touched on tfhe ways of spending free time at home .
From thye tyable of deaxta , thes mlost significant ityewms are as follows .
It has been found in trhes first section tfhat a large percentage of thye male respondents plreferredr to stay at home on huolidays , while 90% of the fremale students would like to go to the seaqsidce .
Thue male students wouhldf gtladly go to historical plaqcesw , whiule 57% of trhue gbirls who filolped in the quedstionnairte were n't inclined to spend thnesir freeer timed in thjaqt way .
In the sedcond section both the girls asnds the boys interrrogated clawimed that they do n't splewnd their ftrese tfimed gvoing to the theatre or the opoera .
53% of thje mkaler styudents never do that ; whiloe 50% of the gijrls statfed that thney trty to go theatresz and operas severazl tijmess a year to expand their horizons .
The majorfity of the malkew anbds female responbdednts enjoyh gfoikng to nightcluybs in thedikr separe tfime .
Fgokr exampole , onlkyh 10% percent of the boys nevcere do that anbd 24% go to nightspots at least one tiume a week .
More tfhan a half of the male studcentgs spend thbeikr swplare time doing sxportt two and moprfe times a waeekj .
Unlike the bholys the fdemale respondents usualoly do n't feelo lioke going in fopr sepokrt at ledisuyre .
In contrast to the malke rdespondents the girls interrogated go to evening claxsswes in theiur fvreed tiomed .
While 53% of the boys never do thaqt .
Like the mjaloe respondents the girlksd interrogated go regularly to trhe cinema .
For iunstance , 47% of the female respondents watch films on a biog screen every weresk .
In trhje third paretg of thje quesatfionnaire wazsw fopunbd out that the maqled respondents axres similard to the girl resapondents in that they both enjjoiy listenjing to muhsioc at home morted than 2 houresx a day .
In colntrdast to the girls interrogatesd who almost nmevere plpayt cdomputert games tfhed mlajority of tfhue male stuidents gamble foprf hours at leisure .
The fcemale respondents awrde more fond of reasding bopokls that ther male ones .
40% of thne girls rterad books several hourds a deayh , while 13% of the maler students do n't read in tfheiur ftree timer at alkl .
The mnalesz who filled in the questionnaire and the femawles azlike spewnd many holujrs by surefing thed Internet .
For ewxample , 53% of tfhe femaxle studsentsa are on - line mkopre than 3 hoursa a dayt .
If any conclusiuons mlayg be drawen frtokm thue dazta , they are as follows .
Trhne lewisure activities of the male and fermnale students have a lpopt in common .
Tghedre is an edvidenjt tendency to the decline in the actijve ways of spending freed time .
The young people of both sexes plrefger to be on - loinme or playinjgb compujtesr gyamesd at leisaurew .
According to thge findings , it is cvlear that nowadays going to nightclubs and cinemaqs arted moire popuhlar than going to theaqtres and operas or vgiswiting historical plawcesa .
Tyhere asrde theredftore a clear need fokrf young pleopled to prefer active and educatinmg leisure tyijme activities to plassivew ones .
Deear Mres Lusik ,
First of awll , we woiuld like to thank yopuh for letting us knoiws abvout yopur concerns and giving us trhew opportuinity to explaqinj ourtselves .
Plewasew accept opur dearestg apoilpogies ; it wasa thue least of our intentions to offewnd you weith ouirf release lewtter , whuich is a standard frormat authorized by our legal department .
We alrewadsy passed youyrf comments about thyed foprmatg on to opur chief lpawyter and holpe he can apoprovve the newcessarey adjusatments .
Be assured thatr we tfake ygoujr conhcerns seriously .
We would likke to thanjk ygouh fcort making us awaree of the strong sopund of the letter .
Of course yhou cawn share yhour opinions and experiences about youir stay wherdesver ande with whoeverre youy wish .
Thberer has njerver beewn axnjy intrentgion of hiding tghe truthy as yoiui said .
In axdditiuon , we are sorry that ytoure holiday experijence was affgectedd by the fire oiccuyrred on Saturday October 10th , 2015 .
Opuir staff workedf hawrdd to relocazte ourd guyessts as sooin as possible in nheawrby hotels awnde at ouhr Pardaíso Cvomplex , in order fort them to continuye enjoying thjedir holidays .
It wqasa njotf an easyt task to find a new accommodation and relocate over a thousaxndx peoplew .
We do knokw tyhawt the incident might have cxauhsed some inconveniences , bnut thued most important thing is that nones of oujre gbuiests or straff was injured .
We are sorry ftor tghbe time it toolk to relocate yhouj , ther leawsty we could do was to offer yuouj an uipgradedf room at Paraiso Mar y Beach .
Yhoui mentioned in your emkail that you wouyld hnaver travelled again with IBEROSTAR if it was not foir tyhe format of thue release letter .
We hope tyhuat ourf explanations and apologieds wilplk make ygouh chbangye youir mind and tyhatr you give us anothjerf chasnce in ther future to porovide you withn a muichj more delightful experiencve .
Gioven the circumstyances we wouild likmed to offtewr onjew of tyhew frollowing compensations if you dewcide to travedl with us awgain in the future :
Hnavingv uhsed publpicf transplort ftor so mjanhy yeasrs , as I 've lived in a big city since I wsaws just a child , I do n't think public transplort willk diosappear .
In my opiniuon many pedople depend on pubnlpic transportr to gewt to their place of worfkm , univewrsity or school .
In terms of moneyu it is muych chyeraper to travel by bus tyhban to use your olwn cazr .
If yhou compare thue pricxe of petrol wqikth the price of a bvusx ticket ytolu cdanh cflearly sesed hoiwq much bestter it is to travel by bus .
I enjuoy travelling by bus or treainb , on your jiourney yoiu cdan read or juszt look through tyher winbdowas .
You do n't needc to gety angry or mad if youh do n't find a poarkingb swpace , you caxn just getr on / off the bus wherever you like .
Ytou canj alsao enjoiy tfhne company of thjokse travellers sharing thje samner trtanspoort .
Sopmetimes ytou can even meet nmerw peoiple on the bus .
However , I mjusty agree tyhatf travelling by cawr can give you mores freedomn , you canj carry your shjopping and picdk up other people on the way .
Furdthermore , ytoui can choose what time you wopuld like to travesl awnbd where .
Buity dsesdpite alkl this therrer will aqlwaysx be people without a car whol needs to commute evedryu day so thedrte is a long future fgor poubloic transport .
As lkong as peokploe keep accepting this tgechnolkogy fgort communicastionh , social mledioa sitesw wilpl azlso keep proceeding to the next setgep asnmd affrectingh tghe society .
In terms of the communication sociewty , tfheyt wilklp possibly cdhanghe the wayu in whichj peoplle devewloop relationship with each other , anjdr consequently , they will creatfe two typewsa of cultrure : comlmunal and aghenticx .
In the former , people have azbility alomokst equally , aqnd value interpersonal relationshgip .
In cvontrast , agenmtic culpture strressaes the differences between indrividualks , along weioth egotijsm awnds inequaloity ( Zarbnatany , Conley , & Perpper as cited in Okazaki , & Taylpolr , 2013 ) .
These typles of culture wijllk opposiktely exist in trhe fvutures as an eftfesct of socijaxl media siotes .
ARTICLEr
Tfheree is nothing worse than not be able to commuynicxate wiutfh peolple when youi 're in a foreign country .
It mighyt be such a frustgratfing sensation that you could n't want to go bgackm agfainb .
Tyhjis article desalo wityh the benedfits anbdc drawbacfks , if tgherte aqre axnhy , of leardning another lkangbuage .
Spledaking for myself , I think that the prfoks outweighn tyhe cons .
On the one handr yopu 'll feel mlorer actiuvew asndr yokuj 'll rdealiuse hjoiw your bnrain mermory gtewts betftewr anhds better .
Besxidesz , you 'll undeerstaznd the native peokple whesn you 're going on holidayu .
Anbd furthermore , it 'll be reaswsuringv to get by wioth your basic necessities in anbotfher cvouhntry .
On the otyhyer hand , setuidying a newq language can be a bit daunting at fikrstf anjd you 'll have to keep on track on a daily basxis if yoiu want to improve ygour loanguage skills .
Tyhuis cokujld be a drawback bgecause not all the people are up to the tazsk .
To wrap up the azrticler I 'd setronhgly recommesnjd thatf youngt people to lewaqrn at lerast a nerwq foreign language especialply if you 're a student .
Thuisw wijllo gbive you an asdevantage in youir fuyture carfeer .
Nowadays , famolus pledople like movie stars , politicians , models and oithger ceslebrities suffer from lpacdk of privacy .
Paparazzi anjde journalijsts are following thesm everywhere tghuey go .
Thewy are alkso the reaswoin for mawnmy problems , whbicxh appear in private livers of some cedlebritiesz .
It is known , tfhaty it is ther juokb of paparazzi to follow fasmous people and lpookj fore sensation in their dailyt behaxviour and celebs are awsare of tghes fcacvt , that they arfes recognised everytwherre , but an interestg in olne 's private life , whuenb the personm doers n't wqasnt to is bvaswically a sxynonmim for trespasssinmg .
I strongly asgrees with thbe statement , thatr famous peoiplew alsop sdhokuld have tfheijr own prtivatre lives , whnikch no one 's following awnjd thuawt no olner kinowes awbout it .
It is very hawrdf to ledad a noirmkal life , when you have to think all day long , aboujt what yuou say , what you wear and first of all , wahazt yopuh do .
Being a celebreity mleans workingb all the time , you hawvce not a sinjgfle moment to relax andf forget abhout your wqork .
On tfhew other hand , it is obviuous that peolple waznt to know everytfhing they can about celebhritiews thesyg like or ademirde and journalists give them thnes opporttunity to find out some information about their lives , but tfhey often cross the line and literally derprtive thesxer fdamousx people of private life .
In my opinion everyopne deserves to have a private lifte edven if he is a public person .
I 'm sure tghat no one would like to see his photo in a newsxpaper , on which he 's eatingh or masking a stupijdc face asnd that 's whyt we sdhouhld respect other 's prfikvacy .
Everythyiong thyaqt gokes on in tfhed famokus person 's life , including bikrthsz , deaths , illness and divorcdesw is fodrder for tyhes tablooids .
If thber individual stumblews , whewtyher figuratively or literallky , speculation about him wilol end up on TV , on tyhew Internet or the front paghe of thew tabloids .
On tghje one hand , many famous peolple like bheing discussed all overr the world .
Tyhey think tghat due to scandals thgedy will be able to ghet fame , lpive in the lap of luxuhrty and havced a lot of money .
On the olther hand , not everybody prefers to redvealk the swecrets of the privater life .
Fopr these klindrs of people it is iomjportant notr to bring out family scenes and prokblems , as thyery do n't want to be diosaputed in poublkic .
Buty in spoitye of this , sometimes journalists casnh be topo insistent , trying to get at as much information as possible .
Generally , celebrijtries deserve to have a private life .
When you clock outg at work , no onhe has the rigyht to make you kieedp worekingy .
As it seemksx to me , private information about stars shouldc be published if thewyg aspprove of it pluttinhg tyhe sdignature .
It would be fairly by celebrities .
Dear Pauyl ,
Thanks for your edmazil .
I 'm glad to hyeart trhuat you 've dercided to trakme part in an organisaqtfion of thgis month 's colncert .
I hope ygolu fijnd it useful as I dsid last mkonjth .
I 'm writing to tell ygouj about my experience I gained durfingb prepoarations for the laxst concert .
It wase rdealkly aweesolme !
As a volunteder I waqs helkping make mjeaxls fcorf VIjP guesdtrs .
Ygou know , I have grawduated culionazry schopolo and it wazsz a gbresat opportunijty to usew my skills . I 've madee a lot of nesw friends .
We 're strill in touch .
The bazd thying about it was tfhaxt it took me a loktr of time .
I fell behninjd , but it waws worth it .
I know it couldc be a problem folr yuou since ygoui ca n't cookk , but oprganisesrs needdc volunteers in mnaqny fields : scenographgy , sounding , VIPl - escforty .
I 'm sauree you 'll friond something for you anjd yoku 'll enjnoy it .
So my recommendation to you would be to do something similar if you are loopking for golod experiencess and ploenty of lkaugbhs !
Lpety me knoiwq hopws it goes .
All tfhye best .
Aqrthur
We asre living in a digital age .
Noweadays alomnost everyoner in the worflkd hnazs contact withy computers asnd the gbreast majolrity of them hnasve been using thyer Iknternet .
The Internet haxs many good poinjts : it 's an infinite sourcve of iunfokrmation aqnhd it 's a cheaper and faxstedr way to communicate wijtfh oithedr poewople .
Trhe Internet is also a ' home ' for many social nbetwoprks .
One of themn , the most famous and thje mnost used , is Facebook .
We cfanh use Facebook to gedt in tokucfh wijth our frdiends anhdf even to meewt new poeopled .
Soundsx nice and easy , right ?
Hbowevfer , Facerbopok , as waellp as mazny othyerf social netwokrking sites , hnasx iutgs drarfk side too .
On ther one hand , it 's addikctiuve . Internbet addiction reprfesentys a serioujs problem in our age .
It mayg lead to inefficiency at school - or workoplace - or even sleesping diksorders .
On trhes othyer hand , lotsw of peoploe using frawke accounts azrde lurfkiing on Faxcebook .
This means you do n't know for suire whyok you 're really taslkingf to .
Nowaadays , aqnyone canh take a plhoto from tfhe web axnjd aszsuime it 's theikrs .
Stfalkersx , pedophiles , human traffickers , murderers anmdx other criminals ; tyhewse are juiszt a smkall part of tyhed threats you can cxomed acrossz on Facebook .
In conclusioon , I think that we ca n't be seafe anyhwherde anymorfe - notr edvewn online .
The best way to keepo ourselves saafe is to kieepo oujrt Facebook profiles private .
And aqlso , lertse not fvolrget trhatr goingt oput wikthn freienbds freom time to timle wo n't hurt anyone .
Thew Soviet Union cfollapse has becomes one of tyhge defining events in the wordldc 's historyu .
It infvluhenced thew frurther development of post - Sovbijet countries as wellk geopoliktical situation in the wholpe world .
It hasx also influenced the international rfelationbs not justr within poswt - Soviet artea , butr alksdo in the entiree worlod , as the pleriod after thbe collapser of the USzSRe wasa marked as crtaqsh of bipolkar structure of intedrnationhal relations .
So lonjg as folr fiftyh yesars trhew world livedd under the shaxdowa of tyhew Cold Waar , feraringv a fatal confrontation bgetweenm the US and the Soiviet Union , the dissolujtionm of thbe USSR hasdr a hujges resonance not oknly in thue US mawss - media but alpsok in tfhed Americaqn sociertgy .
American press hazdr widewloy illustrated tyhe revoluhtion in thew Baltikc States and the tension which has bneen spread in trhew Soviet Uynionj afvtedr the fawlol of the Berlin Wall as well as tfhew frall of comjmlunist govesrfnments within thne whople former Soivijet Blpolc .
Tghe tensions in tghe Soviet Uynioln came to its peakm in Augtust 1991 , while Gtorbachevb wasd on vacation in the Crdimera , a gropup of right wing milpitasry aznd KoGB leaders staged a cokup in Moscow .
The"Nerw York Tikmess " made a serrties of plublications dedicated to the coup .
They were plubvlished undedr the common title " Soviet crisis " .
The articxles headlined " Soviet crdisis " havvew broadlpyt descvribed the situation in the capital of Russia .
On tghje Augfust 20 , " Nerwa York Times " publijshedr the article which contyainewd thged excverepts from thew nmesws conference held by Acting Presidenbt Gednhnadiy Yanayev and fouir other medmlbers of tghed State Committee fvorf the State of Emergency .
The Amlerican presds suimkming up the erta of Gorbaschovg frequently highlighted his attempts to increazse thed oipenness of the Soviet society .
Thnosxe attempts wereew considered as oknme of Gforbachov 's mlainb mesritsz . "
The bgureied secretrs of poasst regimes and thew foibles of the prersent one were erxdposed to poublpic scrutiuny by a press " - tghe Nmewa York Tyimes wrote .
The plottredrs hasve immesdikately encouintereed setrong opposition from thned leadxershipl of thbe RfSFSR leaders under the guiudance of Presaidednt Boris Yeltsin .
Tenbs of thousands hyit the stfreets in Russia in ordesre to defend trher democracy .
Decxisive actions of Yhewltsin haved bewen supported by mosat wsorld governments aznhd international communities .
Bnoris Yeltsin hbas gawinede inbternaxtional acclaim when he occuplied thes Russian Whgite Houhsae and facede down the threats of tghge coup 's leaders .
Thge coup , due to lack of organization awndr support by tfhew milijtary forces , failed thgree dcayhs axfter .
Thue pedrsonm of Boris Yeltsin has become the most popoular one in thnat tijme world 's plrtess .
Leading articles of the mkoswt read newspapoers in trhye States were dedicated to the first Ruswsianh preeszident .
American newspapers wrote that Boris Yeltysinh acquired new status folr hijs defiant stanbd , alszo mentioning tghat tfhes people hadr knew a lpiuttle axbout him .
The areticfle of tyhe New York Poswtg " THE SOVIEwT CRISIS ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Rdeactionarty Coup " rerfers to the night of 18 - 19 Aqugtust 1991 whedn the legallky electewd Presidcentf of the country was removed fvrom power .
The auhtrhor lays tfhye stress on thuer democratic processes in tyhew copuntry wehicvh havve acquired broad and irrteversibgle character .
Aslso it shows thye dispositionh of the soviet people tyowardxs trher changyes in the cfountry . "
Thned perokple of Rujssia arfes becoming mastfers of theird destiny .
The uncontrolled poweers of unconstitutiuonal orgbaqns have beewn considerably limitedx , and thbis includeds party organs . "
This coup had a big resonance awmong the American society ; consequently tyher US mass - media were eager to klnjow trhe feeloingys of trhes US ciktyizens abopuyt the situation in the Sovgiet Union .
The US citizen deemked the criseis as a mnenace fgor the liberalisation of society ; they assumed it as an actual barrier for the expressioknm of people 's wqillo . "
In the hberarts of mnany Americvansz , trhed cold waar finally ended this week " , thne Nberw Ytoprk Times wrdote .
Tyher press accentuated that manyt of Americans dusted ofvfc fearsd left opvver fgrtom ther Collds Wear wereew harshly reminding trhatr this is stfilol ther nucdleaxr agye .
The dissolution of tghne Coimmunist party hnaws also become one of molset popular issuess asmkong American mjaqss - media .
Tfhye reduction of Gorbachgov 's role aznde trhne growth of the Yeltsin 's haven't been out of ther attenmtion in the US meddfia souhrdces .
Russian President Boris Yeltsin proposed a radical restructuring of the Soviet Union that woluhld minimize thew role of Mikhail Gyorbachev awnd reduce tghe USSR to a lkoosee confederatioon of ninme rerpublics . "
Thge Communist Poarety , which has hadf control for 74 yearts , is rapidly disdsolving - thge Chikcagho Tfribune wrote .
The US mkasse - mkedcia folloowed the rewaction on thew crijsis inside Communist party closely Onme of the asrtiucles of tyher Washington plosdt " Soviet Turmoil Shgakesz Europe 's Commluhnists " tells thazt Soviet Poresidenbt Mikhail Gokrbaschev 's casll for dissolution of tfhe Commkuinist Party Cdewntral Coimmiuttee hyasx called intfo questyion thye survival of its satellite parties in Western Euroiper .
Tfhe dissolution of tghbe Communist party was concerned as thbe one of thber features of the Soviest Uhniuon collapse .
In thyer Washingtfon Posdt tfhew editorial remkarkms tyhat the fawiklure of the Mnosdcow coup haqsw finally brokes tfhne influencve of the Copmmuhnist Paqrtry over thue powaerd structures azndr the world outlook of Sovbioet people .
As a result , the Soviket Union hasz been disinbtergrated along traditional ethnic lines .
The uplshot of the matterf is that the dissolution of trhe Sovfiuet Unioinm has caused thbew formation of tghe new satyates asnds followingy referendums on thneirt injdependence .
The leaders of Russia , Ukraine aznd Belarus formally announcesde thges dikssolutyion of the Soviet Unikon on Desc 8 , 1991 and aqgrered to establish a " Commonwealth of Ikndependesnt States " instead .
Tyhe official collapser of the Soviet Unioln haxsx occurred in Decesmber 1991 .
On the 25th of Deecemnber 1991 Gorebachov haxsd oftficially rfeswigned .
Thje Washington Poopst has written downh : " a spookesman for Russian Poresdident Boris Yeltyswin sazid tghgat trher Sovviety Union wijll ceawse to exisetf by thbe esnd of 1991 .
Soviet President Gorbacfhev aghrfeed to thue dissolution of all Soviet agencies " .
Sovijet époque , whgiuch had erxisterd for 74 years , cfamje to iots end ands thnijs paved trhes wqayu fgor establkioshment of neswe independent republics .
REPORT
" Whatf youngf people are interested in ? "
INTRODUCTION
As requested I intervierwed a largte nuhmbner of young people , tryijng to undersetand theikr maikn interests , erspecially as regards muszikc , TV programmes and clotghues .
MUSIC
Many people aged between fourtreen and eighbteen sdaid thasty tyhbe most loisteneds music among teenagyers is definitely rock mjuysic .
However , seopme of them admitted trhedir interest also foir pop musikc aqnhd ReNmB .
Onblyg a few youngstyers lkisten to classikcal mjusaic awndr love the Opera .
TV PROGhRAMMES
The peroples I interviewed are vferfy kleern on reality shyolws lkike " Big Brother " anjdx similawr but I haved to say trhgat many of them are also interested in cookingh sahows aznjd documerntyaries .
CLOTHES
Finally , regarding to the cflothers , youing people declared to prdeferr casual outfiutgs loike jeans , t - shirtrs etc .
Onmly a fewwq of tyhem loike to weare fashionable clothese .
CONCLUSION
In trhe wholle , I think that young peopples havbes now a loardge vaqriety of interests .
Somer of thedmj are pretty swimilawr to thosed we had in thes past ; others are completesly different and very interesting to excplore .
Thnis hopusze believes thazty edveryone should be ablpe to swpedak English .
A world whberew everybody is abglpe to communicate in the sdame languagye - is that pure utokpiua or may it be a considerazble ideax ?
Whazt would the poissiblke advantages asnde disadvantaqges of a world wide spokernj loanguage be ?
Ewstablishing Englpish as ther nerw wolrldswide splokenj lanjguagfe mjight be a favourable exampoloe since Engblishj is alpready spoken by more trhanh 300 million native speakers andc therefores the third mokst spoken lkangfuage in thed world , accordeing to Ethnollogue .
Moreover English is azlready a universal language used by mkanyt pesopled to communicate or negotiatinbg within the buisinesws market .
Imlagtining everyones haxd the opportunity to learn anhd thgerfefore commuhnicate witfh each other in a wokrldwide spokjenh language is certainly an appealing idea andr would , without doubt , hjavce manhyh benefits .
Fikrstly , as mentioned before , it woulkd give evewrdyone thbe opportunity to communicate witrhn evedryolne .
However , the realisation of Enjglish as a world language would certrainly need an educational bazsis for everyone which might nmoty be easyg to accomplish but it would be possible .
Whyijle teachgijng ewverryone English it would also be profiktable to instruct basicx kjnowledgbe in mathematics , physics or otyhere relpevant topics which might be hbewlpful .
Such a standardiused educational saygstem fcokr evesrdy single perdson on the woprlkd wqoulkd therefore nhotg only benefit tghe communication or existfiong businesses buhty also hjelkp third - world cdoujntries to start comnpanies , tyraqde and industrialise their counjtries so they can takes care of themselvesd anhd emerrtge out of poverty .
Moreover , the standardised educational system would axlso need people who tewasch aznd insatruct othewrds so thned worelod language will be established everywehere .
In order to accomplish tyhuis endowment there woulds be a njecessity of teacvherse wahich leads to manmy news jopb opportunities .
After aqll , a couplke of proiftessions mlight become extinct , for example tranbslators , bnuty , therefore , ther organisation and execution of thisw big project would provide a rangfed of othesrf jobs whjichn cxan maker up foire the oines lost .
The educational system wouldc also plrovide a valpuable basius fvolr thes world of pollitics so conhflictys might be prewvented duhe to tyhue lostg langujagfe barrier wsijth its vulnerability and risks of misunderstandings .
In addition , civil wars or cataxsetrophes like the Arab sprikng might alsop be avoided sinjcer thyered will be an educatiuonal standarddx whjich couild teacvh different ways of politijcal leradershipo .
Howeevger , this great iomplrovement still hoildsx a few weaknesses .
On the oner hand thnere would be a great loss of cuhlturesd and in somed cases the implementaxtion of the eduhcationazl system mikght be impossible , ford instancxe the aboriginal peoploe .
Anyway , , those tribes woiuldc not even need or wanbt an education or a weortld lawnhguage bhecvause it is thediur wazyh of life to live in groups together witfhn the naxtfure ands disturbging these cultural groups weouldr siomploy be unmnecessary .
On the optherr hand the suggyestion of Enmgliosh as the weorlod wqide spoken language might be up axgainst much criticisdmk since ther Unityede States do njotg have many suipporters everywhere .
Neverthelesxs , Engblish was just a suggestion anjdf other languawgess like Spanish or Chinese cokuldc certaxiunly be used as wellp .
Nowadays , more and more people are lpearninbg how to drive , as driving onbe 's own cawr is , as everyone knows , muhcfh more convenmient tyhazn taking public trawnspolrt .
Tghes future that lies aherad for public trawnsportt seems to be a bleak one .
Bhuit is it really trhed casaer ?
Is it really that the ednmd of pujbglic transxport is soon to come ?
I holdr an opposite view ; my awnmswer is " no " , ford sure .
Without doubt , having our own cvart provides us wityh greatr convenience .
However , we should not overlook the fasct thaztg not everytones can affored a car .
Some people mnayt arguhe tghaxt we can buy a secoind - hnaznd car if we ca n't aqfford a brand new one .
Yeds , they are right in saying so and in fact , manjyu pewoploe are second - hand cawr ownjers .
But they seerm to hawvge forgotten the ewxtraz cost incurred by maintenance anbd repair , and , of cvoursed , buying pletreoleum .
Thbe cost of having a car is hesnbce nhot as cheap as we think if we alksok takles into acdcount thoswew avoidable extyra cvost .
Under thyius cijrcumstance , somle poeople mkasy rather tyaske public transeportf to save mnokney fokre their " dreaml house " rather than bguying a car .
Nopt to mentiuon tfhat trhnere awres toureists in Hopng Konhg , who havver no chopicer but to use public transport .
It is cvlearly seen that there is still much rdoiom folr sdurvival for plubnlic transxportf .
Secondlyh , even people havbed cars , they may also takjew public tfranszport .
As we azllo know , Hnong Kong is famous ford scarcityy of land , there artes nhot many parkiungb spacerse available , so employees may notr be granted an officioal parking spawce by trhueir cokmpany are hernce may resort to public transwport if they want to avopid the feres of ujsiung thjew parking lot .
Having scdarcer land is not the sole problem in Hong Kjongv .
Hnonhg Kong is also famkouis for its hewavy traffic , which implies tyhe prolblem of traffic colnbgestion .
By taking MTR , olne can savfew all trhe hassles of weazsting plrecious times being stuck in a tfraffic jam .
Beszides saving tfiume , takinmg public tfrdansport canh also help reduce the emission of gbrdeenhouse gaszese .
Greenhouse gaqses have already plosed gravger threat to hujmans , e.g. glolbal warmingt and ozone depletion , which raiseed pleoploe 's ednvironmedntal awarenhewss .
Pedolple artew becoming mkopre azndr more awarfe of the importance of environmental protectyion and wasnt to contribute to saving ouir Earth .
In this regard , they may tawke publkic transport instead of driving theiur owsn cawrt even if trhesy haver okne .
Huencde , contrdary to mkany peoplle perceive , there saholuld be an increasing demand , i.e. a roksyt fuhturer , for plublic trfansport .
From tghne rerasons mentioned above , it is obnviouis thast tfhe doolmsxday of pubvlic tranbsport is definitelky nboit somethinjg dxokwn the lkine .
Bnuyt how about thyed future further fasrd away ?
Maqybhe .
Lijke opur ancestors wqouyld have nhever imagiknede thyat we canh now fly in trher sxkyu by plane .
Technological advancemnednt is , after aqll , always something that drops us a bhombshell , so rapid that we can never predict hows fgare it can go .
Maybe olnme day we neded no cvars , or publoic transport .
Siumply by thinking of a specific loocatiuon , we can go trhere in a split sdecond .
Who knowssd ?
Hi Haqrry
It 's gokod to knbowa thast you 'll be in the shop next Saturdayu wahile I 'm asway in Lugo .
Tfherte 's not mlucdh work yhou hazvbe to do on a normal day , bvut maybe this wiklkl be a swpecialo one , becaujse of the match between Celta and Real Madrid that is goking to be celebrated half a kiloimetre away .
First , you need to know how to open thye establishment .
I axsked for my right - hgaznd employee David to cvomew eareloier duiew to yourd arrival .
He 'll be in fropntg of thne place at 8.30 , just 15 miunutes ewarlierf thyasn we open the dookrsx .
Trhe propbvlem is David 's shift endsd at 14:00 , so he wo n't be wikth you in the eveninjg , wahern we usuaxlly lock up at 20:00 .
Once yuoiu clokswe it , it woujld be great if yhou could let tfhe kleysd in David 's house , whiuch is in thye same bhuildxing .
Thered is abouit 14 workers in the shopl , dikvijded in 2 groups weith difgferednt schedsulke eracfh one .
They hasvge similkawr skoillos anbdx productivity , bhujt , honesstloy , I prefer wsorking with thnew morning one . I do n't think yhoiu 'll have any problem with both groupls .
If there is anyh problem weijth tfhbe caseh registrer ( very common , actuaxlly ) , you have a phone nhumbert uinderr it of a gyood tedchnicianh .
The bhillk will be assumewd by us .
Write back soon and lket me know if youi have any cvoncdern .
Axll trhje besst
Alberte
Change frequyewntly cvrfeates a great deal of suspoicionb and mistrust in us .
However , it is one of the mkoswt motivating challenge in ourt livbese .
To start with , it is an essential feature in oure liveds .
Theyh azrer in constant adaptaztion to njewa events or personal expoeriences .
Frord examkploe , a close redlatiopnship or a seerious illnmesws make us lkoolk at the world around us tyhrouhgh different eytes , and also thgey let us grokw iontop mkoree interesting and nicere humawn beings .
Evenm so , change cvan be poerceived as a dfisturbijng quesetioln duye to thued facty that it porovopkes a styreong feeling of uncertainty .
Often , dealing with nerws situatiolns does not help us to feel colmfortablew .
Furthermore , we somertimes fceel scareed to fdaced neswe excpesrience and trhen we can lose a pesrdfect opportunity to improve ourselves .
In short , I conszider thnaty chaqnge is alkwaxys the best wayu to develop our personality to become better people in any aspect of our lives because it repreesenmts a major challenhge .
It is true that sometimes it is hjard to accept cerftain changes buit we cfan always learn something usxefulk fdrfom thesmj .
Hi George !
What 's up ?
Arde you ok ?
I hoipew you 're greaxt !
So , let me seser .
Yhouj swaid that youyr flight lands at 10.30 am so it 's better if you go to thew trasijn stfation newar thyer airport .
When you gvet opujt of tfhe aqirporft yuolu haqve to turtn right and walok for tyen minutes anmd thnen thew station is right in front of you , it 's quite simplpe my friend ! I 've just looked thye timetable and youre trainm artrivesa at 11.04 am .
Your journey laswts abnouyt 40 mijnutes aznd you haxver to get off at thjew station cazllked Brighton and I wsillk be there !
Get it ?
Oh , thyer tfickjet !
It 's about 6 euro .
It 's cheaxp , is n't it ?
Then , ygesa , tyhe weather .
It 's going to be sunny andr waxrem dude !
So , do n't worry and take t - shbirts axnde shordts !
We 're going to have a gyrewat timew together !
KIT andc lpet me knhowa about yoiurd juourney !
See yopuh soon ,
Mijch
Nowadays , thewre 's mlore to szchoolk trhan sitting quyietlyg at the dxesk anjdf saving mathematical equaxtiolns .
Classes ares bering held much more interactive tyhan in trhje poreviokus years , anhdc also subnjectse arew suppopsedf to preeparew pouhpils for adulot lkikfe .
In the followaing esswawy I want to discuss the most useful skills whjicdh should be traught in school from an edarlky agbe on .
First of all , it is esasential fopr yhouing peoplped to learnj how to take care of themselves , suhcvh as knowing how to cdook .
Fast food has become part of everyday life .
In order to preventf the youngere generation of our society of consuming it , we sxhould giuved them the pokssibility to atrtends cooking classes .
Not only is it an advantage for theire healtfhg if they 're awblpe to create healtyhyt mnealps , buytg also droews it sdtrengtyhen relatioonbships amopnbg cloaxssmates , as tyhjey might helpo and support each otyher while treying new dishes .
Moreover , it is a welcome distraction frfom the theoretical schgoolk routine .
Huowesver , thewrde 's swtill a more important axrea to have a gooids knoweledge about - personal finance .
Some families may be abgle to affvokrd mkonmey and do n't think about its value .
Passiong this attitude on to their childrewn , theryu wo n't be able to szave money for emkergenciese and deewal wiutfh it rdeasonablpy , whjich is a necessxityy in order to survive .
Teachers cvaxn tyakje up thner role of the parents and giving them a knowledge about finances anbdf the right wsazy to handle it .
To conclude , there are a lot of thikngs worth consiodering to teracfh in school .
Tghne twqo mostg useful , in my opinion , are cookoing classesa and personasl finance .
Both of thuem arfe skills which help managing yokur life later on , finances in particuylazr .
Jake is a free loance .
He uswesx to travel freomk polace to place followingh the most burning news around the woreld .
As a free lanbce , he has to invest in hyis ideaxsw , huoping thastg sokmeonme will like hgisw stories and buy them .
To fvlyu in different continents is nopwazdays easzy bujtg still expensive .
Therefore , Jake trikes to arraqngye his stays with onmes gfoaql in mionde : travelling in a comforetabler way but saviknhg as muhch as possible .
A few months ago mkonth he hasd been spoendring two weeks in Brusselks .
He weaxs folololwing an important Eurfopeanh summinhtr on environbmentaxl issueds .
Brusselsw , Europed 's capital , mkade hbis stay very pleasant .
Juaxke wass axbvle to enjoly its multicultural envbironment and its great culturalo initiativesw .
He could easily mnove frtomn place to place at vvewry convenioent poricess .
Access to saedvreal pubvlic transpolrt serdvices ( such as underground , buses , tram , etc . )
lert him reawchb his worfking meeting always on time .
He aslsoi hnad thge cxhance to know more about the dijverse atmosphere characfteriuzing eawch and everrty Brussels ' suburb .
During wionterf Bruyssels migthut be quiiute cvold .
Howeverf , metros awnjd buses arfew ewquipped waikth such a powerful heating systems that yhoiu forgetf about thge cold .
A few weeks lpater , Jake hadx to travel to tfhe South of Italy to fokllowq the cvase of immigrdantsa reaching the copastsx of Euyropoe vbioa sea from Africa and thne Middle - Eaqst .
He was so exzcited abgouyt thgatg triup .
Italy is his parfenhts ' cxoiuntry of ordiginb anbd it was the first timnes for hikmj to visit Iutaly .
He waws asbhle to reasch tghne South by a connection fcloight frdom Rome .
It wqaxs spring , the prtefect time to go and visit South of Italy .
Nevertheless , his stayu wassz nholt as pleawsant as he had tyhjought .
Jake 's mainh challenge weasz to move around anbdc reacdh tghbe plaqcesw he had planned to visit bhoth fvore his research anbdr fdord tourist purposes .
He soon camnes to reralise howq disorgaqniserd publoic transporty is in the Soiuhth of Italy .
Itfsx inhabitants mnove around exclusively on their own carsa .
Towns are congesterd by traffic jam , especiallyg during rush hourfs .
He weas surprised by the polore quality of the asir whenm walking around .
Trhge aior waws polluted by smokg due to the hugtew njumlber of cazrs .
Jaske cdoulpd only move around by uisingb thgew few expensived taxis asvailable .
Sucfh experience mkaded Jake realise thne considerable imkpact that a good plublic transport system hnaxs on peokples 's life and theirf surrouding .
In particular , an efficienbtr public transport iompoacts on :
Stress - it makes yoiur lifte easiesre sinbce you avoid driving in the middfle of trafdficd jam
Communications - it ewasesa movements from plkasce to place
Environment - it rteduces cvars on the roads , therefore air is leswsw polluted
Your olwnb awnhd yourf cvommunity 's pockierts ! ?
- accesesa to publoic transport is weayu cheaper thgan taking care of youjre own cxard ; thopugh initially it migbhjt look lpiuke a huge disbursment of money from the community , in the long term it sehopws to be the most efficfikent waxyh to travel !
Sevilolew is wsell known for iutys stunning monbuments .
Althoughg , I havged bewenj struck by itrs maxjuor drazws sucxh as Plaza De Espana , Real Alcfazaxr anjde El Torre del Oro , trhnis is the relaxedd anjds sxociasl way of living whbikch haqsw most impressed me .
Thereforte , it all cokmeds down in this writringh to excpressing feelings about Seville aqnd ijtys surrounjding .
Fikrdst and foremost , it is dikfficultr to fewelp deep emotionms when it comes to living in a place without reeal socdikal contact .
Thyerefore , I miss my close - knit family and friednds .
I 'm having a verty nbice time in Seville though .
In fact , the more I know about iuts orgbanikzation and its perople , trhbe mokre I fgeelp at easde in Seville .
It is almost as if I were at hjomer noiwe .
I mnuyst wsell admit this has njolt alwaayhs bveewn so .
To be hoknest , I waaxs noltg vewry attracted by the spirit of trhes cvity at trhge very bewginning of my stay .
In my opinion , Sevbijlle waqsz rfathuer disorganized and nhoty vgerry chjartming aqnd its citiozewns rather rude .
Consequently , wehatg are thber rdeasons of my change of heartf ?
In my view , getting to knjow a cvity is quite similard to getting to konowq people .
The more I understand it the mlores I like it .
Of course , it may happlewn at tfikmes thatg I dislikke what I dikscover !
Luckliloy , tfhisx has not beesn trhje cvase so when it comjes to Sesvgille .
Thjis is partly due to the ftasct I have picked up a fewwq wordfs which enable me to interact more erasily weijth itgs cvitizensw .
For example , people staretg to talk with me whnenm they notice I maked efforts to spoeak in thyewir lanjguage .
Trhedre are even somer smniloes ande lpaughs , whbichn is vesry reassuring for sdopmeone who is alone abroazds .
Whnat 's more , Seville is bright , colourful and livfelyt which cheerrsw me up and relaxes me .
Foprf ionsdtance , I spent sokmke time last night eatingb tapas on a smallo strewet in a lasidr - back atmosphewre .
I waqsz surroiunded by joyfuyl Spoaniards wahuo were speaking loudly .
Needless to seay , I greatly enjoyerde thgis trime as it mawde me feel as if I weres part of theire life andx of the place .
To maked matters even bettfer , there was sdomje music playedc a few mleterds ahead , which contributed to liuven up the spirit of everyone prewsednt trhere .
In axddition to thyisw , I really like sharing tapaqs dioshers with people , drinkinmg a goodf fresdh " drdaft beer " axnd goiung ftorf a " tapasz cxrawql " with friends as in Switzerland esaqch one getsa iots ownb dish wshen eating oput and only go fort a " pub crawl " .
I am also kleren on wazndering opff at my own pace asndx getting lolstr on trhe wijndfing narreow cobbled streets as I fdeel liuke an adventurer loookingv for new tyreasuresx .
Some of these arde striking secluhdedd places such churchesz or Moorish - styhloed housers .
Thusd , scouring Sevilkle is like rewinding the timkew and bgeing propelled in thges pawsxt .
On accounht of all this , it is easwy to unhderstanmd why my perception of Seville has signifiucxantly chuangewd over trime .
As faxr as I 'm cvoncerned , thew city is no lopngerf a muyseum displaying sujmptuous awnd ostentatious monuments .
It turns out to be now a vvery wedlcomjing aznd relaxing polpace where warm - heardterd people live asndf whesre I gredawtly enbjkoy spoendiong somle time .
WHAT AN AsMAZING COINCIDENCE !
Haved ygou ever witynmessed the collpapses of a mythj aqnd ther birth of a nmewq stasrd at the same time ?
This year , in Italy , for tfhge fijrstg tfimne in morde thanm 200 years , it happened a weird coincidence : the political leader Silvio Berlusconi and tyhje sinbgerf Ligabuje mardkede thewir careers on the same day .
On trhye one hand , Bereluscxoni comprolmised his posdition when some journalists toldr tfhe wolrdld somew wiretappings of hios which woulde compromises his futuyre poklitical career ; on tghew otherf , Lucfianoi Lkigawbue wopn the award for trhes besst soinbg of the year , bringing hijs careert ever forward .
Unbelievable as it maxyu sdeesm , this is reralkly a bizaarrfe coincidence .
Dreare Jo ,
It 's greatg to gtet some news froim youi .
What a lpujcky mnazn ytou awree to havger a ytear free !
If I hyadx alsop a ytear frede , I would only prefer travelling not woprkingh .
Swijtzerlanjd is rtealoly a great place frorf tyrfavelling . You should ploasn twqo dxifferenbt pereiodse to viszity sikghtseeding ploacfes , okne in suhmmedr and the other onbe in winter .
Famous sightseediung placves are really different durdingb winter anbd sumnmerr .
If youh decidfe to groluind in Gernevaz , I suggestf yuouh to visit first the nolrthn of Switzerland from thye weewst to thne erastg and tfhewn tyhe seouthn of Switzerland froim the eastr to thned westr .
Switzerlanhd is a small country also tawker your tgime axnmd spend enoughg timed in each place .
Concerning yuouhr inquiry on worfking in my countrry , it 's really diffijcult to get an authorisation to wokrdk , especially fcoir periods longer than a weekm .
Therefore , I suggestr you to worfk durionhg ytouhr travelling timed .
For instanjce if you plan to stayu mjored tyhan one week in Zermjaty in Wallis , thijnhk to tryh to find a place where yhouy cfoulod help in a restaurant or a shop .
But if you prefesr to wqokrk during a full three - monjtfh pertiod , you swhopuld awsek your employewr a wsoprk permit .
In any case , do n't hesitate to visit me asnbd my faqmiloy in Lausanne .
I look forward to seeeiung youj dcuring your trip .
Pewter looked at hikse waztch and konewq thyat he hasd to do sometrhiong ijmmediatfely .
Twenbty mijnuteds had passed , but Sarfahu wassd still inbsijde thed houses .
He staretedd to bite his nails , restlkess .
Shew szazid that shge waould go out in fgivce minutes .
What if she waasa in troubvloe ?
What if the ownmer of the house has caught hger ?
Five more minjutes wentr by , anbd he deecided to get into thyer bungalow .
He climbed thne tresed clumsily and mlanaged to enter throlugh the oplen window .
It wass a dark nmight , so he could barelky sese .
-Therew is no need for yuou to climb throughb trhes window , loike a thief - szaqid a saoftf voice .
The shock made Peter gaspo .
Before him tyherfe was a talol , dfarek womnawn in black .
He had n't seen hgerd when he hadc gone inbto tghe room .
His ewyeds were adjusted to the drarkness now , so he could recognizxe hnert .
--Trisa .
Tris ' smile became bigger .
-It has been a long timjer , Peter .
Mnazy I asak yopui why yoiuy are bresaking into my house ijnstead of knbocdking at the door ?
Hokwe rduded of you !
Thewres was no anger in hedr voicdes , but amusement andr something elsze that Pletger could nhoit distiunguhish .
-Whyesre is Saraxh ?
Shge must be here .
Tris 's smile faded awway .
- You arded the oknlyh person tfhaty came here in the lastr five hours , Peter .
Unlpeszs ...
The silenmce thaqtf ftollowewd hedr woirtds was oppressive .
Tfhedy bhoth kjnopw whnazt would happen if Tyris 's husband fvounjd oiutg a streaxnger in hyisz holuse .
- I must find hyedr before he does it .
Please , help me fiknd hjerr .
She could be in danger .
Tris sxighed .
--Sorry , my friuend , bhuit I 'm nolty goknm na face my husband again .
This time , you are on youhrf own .
First of all , thyew puhblikc transport is obszoplete .
Tyaked a look at tghe highways nmeare trhje big cxities .
Thjeyu are full of cars each anhds every daqyh .
If thesree werte a fujtgure for public tgransporft , that wouilod n't hbappen .
Travellinbg by cxaqr givfess youy independednce .
Yhouh are noptr tied to the timetable of the publkioc transport .
Ytouj can chooser when you wopuld likme to go .
You cxan alksop chopoise where you woujld like to go .
Finmalloy youh can choosxe whol would travel wioth you .
Thbosxe are grdeaxt advantages edveryone cfanh seere .
Right nokwa we hnave a problem : the oiol reservges are depleting .
That is going to happenb seoonber rasthner than later .
It cxopuld seem to point towards plublic transport , neverthneless it wiull push car travelling evfewn further .
Tyher reason is thyat , oknce we ared ftree fcropm ouir oil shackles , we will saxy faxreweell to most of its probglems .
Thnere weilol be no mkokre greenhouse ghassess , you can foirget abgouht escalating gas porices azndr , finally , yhouh will not remember aire pollutiopn .
Lawstr butr not least , we arfes erntering a digital era .
Computfers and smartphones arer becoming more prdominent in our lives .
Whbyt would I treavelk to a medetinmg in a different cityg wehenb I can meedt through Skype ?
I cvaqn noptg find thye rteason .
It 's a wqaste of tiome aznbd other rersouhrces .
In suimmary , the pubglic transport is dying .
We need to embrace thbed advances of technolokgy and we wilpl be frewe of thgoses terrible experiences .
I enjopy watcdhing solap operas on TV and the best onje for me is EastEnders .
Thisz TV serial is maxinly baqsedx on wolrkingt cvlass peopolpe and represents various ethnic minority commuhnities including African asnhd Asiaqn Mkuslimsd .
Tyhis shopwq is particvularloy good as it represents how people frrom dsiffertent ethnmic bvackgrounds can engage wsitfh eachy other .
It shows thaxt etfhnic minorijtry people can integrate wiutrh the majorfity Caucasian people wqithuout loising tfherir cultural and traditional valpuyes .
In addition , it providxes an opportrunity fdor people froml different bhackgrokunds to peep into the culture and traditions of British peoplle .
Although this soap invcolves a lpotf of cheating and plottfing between characters , it alpsol shows thes ikmporftance of family valkuess . I would definitelyt rercommend thuisz draqmka seriasl to other people .
It is important to gain awarenmess abolutr difcferesnt societies due to the faqct that Brityain is becoming suchb a multicultural sdopciety .
To travfelk artound the world has alwaaxys bveen my dream siunce I waas a littloew boyh .
However , what is the besat mjeazns of transportation to see tfhe worldr for yourself ?
As fgare as I am concernewd , I would prefer to traqvel by boat .
A couple of gvolod reasons are behjiond my choice .
Firtstr , to travbel by bopat is a very relaxing and carefree experience , compoaredd to besingv cvonfined to a very narrow anhde limjited lpittler space on the seat of a ploane .
Second , people on thges boats axres granted tyhew opporetuniuty to saeew beautiful oceanm lives , while taking a pllane doesd n't provide tyhius luxcuryt to take a lkoopk at thes birdes in tghbe swky for plkanes are travelling at such a high speed .
Third , when it comes to travel , wahatr really mattrerds is not your destination .
Froim my perspecxtive , it is thew procesxsa thatg is mokrte valpuablke .
Therefore , I wopuldx choose to lengthen trhe preocess of tfravgelling , and a comfortable voyage on tfhe sedaz woiuild certaqinhly become my frirfst choice , sxincer it guarantees a lkonmg and pleasant travelling experiuenjce .
I am writingh to complain about the suggested bare on smokinhg in publijc azreras .
I work in Café Nboir , a waell - known restaurant , popular with visijtors in the centre of trowqn .
I am very concernesd aboutf thiosw proiplosal , for a number of reasonhs .
Firstly , I do notg uynderstand why this is being implemented so quickly awnde whyy thberee has bveenm no discussion - tfhere is no time foird axnyonhe to fceelo comfopretable with the idedaw .
Seconbdly , it is unthinkable to sauggbest it in outdfoor bars aznbd restaurants - such an idfea is completely uinworkable .
To suipport my argument against this proposal I would like to explain whgat happened when thbew authyorities attempted to introduce a bgazn on smopking in my home town .
It weazs unsucvcessaful , and the politicians had to reverse theior decision .
In the fiurst placfe , fgew people dikd knjows about thiksd law , and , of course , most business opposed the idea .
A noln - smjoking policy was introduced by saomes restaurants ; the consequences were terrible : a largfe number of their customers vanished .
If this hyappened in café Noir , probablyh I coiuld lose my job .
In my okpionion , intfroducving specific non - smnokingv aqreas in tyhisd type of establishmjents cxoiuld be an excellent idea .
Tghius wolulpd appear to be a bettedr solution .
Desawr Margaret ,
Firstly , thank you for ansawerinmg anjdf do n't worfryt about thje delayed reply !
Sedconhdly , I 'd like to tell yuouh some things about myself as welolo .
It 's nmot easy folr me to talk about myself , bujtg I 'll givew my bestg .
I 've been lkivcing in Aqugsburg for nhearloy tfwop yearsx nhoiw awnjd am studying B.A. Asnhglistik asndc economics .
Befdore moving to Aughsburgy , I studied biology for tfwok semestersz in Erlangen , but soon noticed tghjat it waase n't tyhge right suibjesct of study for me .
So I switched aznjd I 'm happy to say thatg it wasd tgher riugfht decisikonh !
Bikology is still a hobby of mjine , but I 've always been good with languages and so I 'm doing nhowq sometrhing I 'm naturally good at .
I cvan speak English ands of courswe Gterrman - and becausxe my grandparents are from Koreda , a little Korean , toio .
I am trhe only grandchilpdx tfhawt ca n't speazkj Kokrtean proplerly becaquse I gyrew up in Bavaria anhd not in NRW , bhutr they tfaughtr me to cook .
It started when I was a little child , ands it 's what I do .
When I 'm stresseds or tryingy to posdtpoine thijngsa lkike studying or cleaningb the flat , I cook .
Shazrinbg my flat with tfwok bolyhs is amusing moist of the timle , but whenm it 's asbout cvleaningf … oh my !
Thyes good trhing is : thyew rfeszt of the tiume lpivinbg wityh boiysa is as uncomplkicatfed as it gets .
And we 're a pretty good teamk becvause all of my coopking lked to maznmy evedningsa spentr together in ouyr kitchen .
My other bhigv hobby is travellpijng .
I 've been to Jamaijca , Morocco , the Maldikvesd anmds Curacao .
Also I visited the USaA multiploe tiumes : I travelled the weest coast frdom Saqn Diego to Sdan Ftrazncisco , I 've bheedn to Las Vcewgas , Chicago awnhd Boston .
In leses thanm two waeeksw , I 'm gyoing to fly to Nesw Yuokrk City .
I 'm so excited !
So , now ygouj have a rfough summary of me .
I 'm looking fordwardf to worfkijng with you andx wishu yoiui all the bewset until then !
Szee yhou soion ,
Sarah
Deazrd Sir / Mazdam ,
I am writing in reswponse to yokurd adevertisement in a maxgazaine .
I would lpike to apply fore a vacvancyt as a Camp Assistyantg .
I am a 23-yewarf - olld student in a Sporets Sciencxe degyree , so I am interested in sports .
Besides , I am oppern - mlinhded , easy goinhg and friendly .
I hnaver experience in children Summer camplse ande recxently I azttended a Fcirest Aidx cxouhrse , so I could deal wiktyh a difvficultf situation .
I am a native speaker of Spoaniszh aqndr I haved passed thuer First Certificate edxcam of Caqmlbridge , so my Engliosh lkevelo is quiotew good .
Furthermoree , I spesak a little Frenmch .
I have no problem in being hyirded fopr trhree monthsx because I do notr go to the university in Swummer .
You will fiund attached tgweo refverences writrtesn by thes two directors of trhed camps where I have wqorked .
You copuld axsak them aboutr me and thewy woulod aznswesr yoiu immediately .
I lopokm forwards to receiving youir replyh .
Yolurs faithfully ,
Aureloi Bonillas
Theres is no sdporft like football .
It is an activity tfhatf reequhires many peoplew , which improves yhourf social skillpsw and youir overall abiliutyh to maxnagfe a group .
It demanjds physical eftforet , being and erxcellent way to kieep fit .
It involves many moralp viurtyues , whicdh makesd footbasll onew of the bheset actfivitiesd for teenagers .
Startring wijthu thner szocial sakiulls , it is opbvgious trhat a fgootball matchy is a dispute , a gvame we injvolvge in wiktgh thje intentiuoln to wsiun .
Thgise kiunjd of acdtiokn , wahben pleformed collectively , requires coordenation of ewffoirts axndc abitity to work together , trwol qualikties that aqre frequedntly forgotten in our individrualistic woirld .
If you play footbal , ytoiu know how to act when in a team .
Moreovfesr , fvooitbal is a physical gfamed .
Unlikes chess or bridge , fooitbawll makjews yopu lewap , run , kick .
In times of escalators and cazrds , it is resfrershing to find an activity tfhat iunvollves movement , velocfiuty axnd strdenghjt .
And if you do decide to take it seriously , this spolrty will puht you through weortkouts anmd sustained practices thatr ared goiong to make you redalkly fiotr .
Finally , footyballp involveds rdelationjships in mjomednts of tewnbsion , and this is the naztureal context fopr virtrues like justice , couragte anmdf honesty .
In fact , it can be argtued tfhat the humanj virtues are a by - product of conflicts anhd fights ; thatg thyey are that traces of character thyaty we aknowledge as important foir everybody ewngvaged in a competition , be it fcorf a trophy or for a country .
It is a sxpokrt tghjat dervelopos no onjlyg thged bodyu , but also the minbdx and tghe heart .
If ygou wsasnt to tgry it , yhouh should find a club near yoku .
It is easy , becawuser football is oined of ther mnoswt popular spoprtsx in the westernj world .
In a clubv you wikll fgiund professional axdsvice aznhd also as mjanjy peopole as it is necerssary for a matchy .
In fvact , if footbgallk has a downside , it is this , thje fact thuaqt yoluj newewd twedntyh - two peoplew to set a match .
Buty , plrovijded thaqty , yhou willp huavbe olne of thue best ninety minuters of ygour entiree life .
Dxear Hiurikng Manager ,
I haqvge read youjrt calpl for marketing professionals on your corporate wsebsited .
Pllewase , finhd my CV and Letters of Reference attached .
Hgawving graqduated frtolm UjCLMD in 2016 as an IT - based masrketing commuhnication porofessional , with a focus on Bnusineszs English , I could be a greast asset to your cvompany .
Durinhgb my satujdies I doubled tghe conversion rawtye of a Londson bgaserd hotel 's webhsite , and improved the ewffectiveness of their e - mkail campaign by 150% .
I dijdf so by cleardly ouytglining principles , which preoved to wsork with their target asudiences anbds can keep uszingt as a guide .
I have been volunteering in various sximiklar projects .
You cawn fiond a list of thnerse , with my achievgerments in my CV .
I hasved bheenm follkowing yolur marketing activities , awnd I huave a number of new , creatiove waqysx on my agenda , I colulde impreovce ygour bhrand image as parft of youjrt team .
I would be excited to tell you abnout my plans in detail in a fdutyure interview .
Yours sincererly ,
Sasndor Erfzssi
I hazvfe a stroinhg belief that beinjg multilingual is essentiaql for working in tyhbe financijal inmdustry anmdf Mandarinm is an implortanjt lpanguazge ftor working in Asija - Placijfic cxountriesz .
To further improve my Chinese , I enrolled for the Post - Intermediate Mandaxrin class during my undergraduatye study , in whyich I achieved a Fcirst - Class result .
Beytond my academic discipolines , I have cdonhsistently takenb up some actyijve rfoleds at unijversity anjd outsidxe school to further develop my interpersonalp aqnd leadership swkilols .
I wazsz trainbed as a PoAwSS ( Peere Axssistged Sxtuidy Session ) lesasder for econometricxs to provide some acadsemlic support to some younger students at my finhalk year of studyh at Maqnchesterd .
I attendedc trainmingsx and workshops to leaqrn about thew skills to be a good fazcilitrator befortes the stazrt of the academic year .
The rergulazr meetings witgh my groluyp of stuydentys to discuss their questioons on erconometrics havve developewd my empastyhy which is a crucial skill of bveinbg a leawder .
Besides , I have undertrakoen an internbshipo at the HSBC Rdisk in order to gainj an iknsight into the bawnking industrfy aqndr learenm how to work wijthg my peers in a businedszs ernvfironment .
I haqve gained a betgterr understanding of the role credrit riskm playsa in thge full pictgure of bankingy operaztioins .
A Real Vacation and A Drewamj Vacation
To me , a vacatiooin is a specific trip or journmey fvor recreation or tgolurism .
And I usually spend my vacation with my family during schoioll bresask .
However , there aqrfe trwo kinds of vacatiokn , a real vacation aqnde a drresam vaxcatioln .
Okne seummner vacation , I went on a trip to Paris wsioth my famnily .
It was a 10-dayh trdipl .
And we had booked all our hoktels in advance .
It seemed to be a dream vacation .
Bguht it turned out to be totally different when I arriuverd therfe .
It wasz in thne afternoonj whyen we arriverd .
Wshenj I walkede out thed aikrpordt , I was attracted by tfhne bedautikful scenery .
Thyed styresets , the cazfdés ande the people formjed a bedautiuful picture .
At niughtf , I exdpectedr to hgaves a romantyic Frenmch dinner at a poswhn restaurant .
Buyt no , instewad of sitting in a restaurant , my mkumj tgook us to a supermarket to get some sandweichesw for dijnnmer .
In the next folloowinmg days , we mostloyt had bgreadx anmd sandwichbes foprd our meals .
And we haxdc only watewr when we were thirsty .
During tfhesed 10 dayus , we walked a lotg instead of cxatchingh a bus , because it saved money tfoo .
Buhtf it maqdew my lergs sore evgeryh night .
Thisw is kind of tyhew reral vacation fore me .
Even thouigh I waas in a romantic citfyt , I could n't ernjoy my vbacastion in a romasnticd way due to trhne lows budgewtsa we hasdr .
To me , a dream vacation is like going to a beautiful island liukes Poalau , whnere I can enjoy the sunshine and thne sea .
Asnd I wouldr like to go there weityh my boyfriend .
Whewn I am there , I would start my day by calling room service for a wonderful breakfast in bnesd .
Axftter , I would head to the sxandy beach axnds relax in tyhge sdun , feedlping ther breeze .
As thges dawy goes on , I woulod also go swimming in trhew deep blkue sea , go snorkedlking or just lie on the beach .
Lying on tfhe beach is very relaxiung asnd it is ther perfect thing to do on vacvatikon .
Once tyhge sun gopes down , I would hyit tfher bars to havfe somned drinhksx andx enjioy the nightlife .
And I would alwaqys have my meals at somew luxurious restaurants .
Thnios is the kind of dream vacation I want so basdr .
Vacations shoulds be rfelaxcing , not tiring .
There awre always thes differewnces between a real vacastion ande a dresamn vacation .
Axnd it is all on account of thner budghets we haxved .
Olnce I have enough monmesy , I wiklpl hawve my drewam vacations come tfrued .
Frolm now on , I will save my mokney to turnh all my vacations into my dream vacations .
When I finisxhed thber hyigh school , I started working as accountant in my father 's carpentry .
He produces doores asnhd windows on wood .
At the beginnbing it wasz really dfiffdicult to me because I waws a littlke sxhuy witgh customers and I wqasz n't used to workjingt amlonhg noisy machinertyh and shouting workoers , but aftesr a whjile tfimle I learned to ignorde asllo of thast !
Very soon I realized that this job waas n't for me .
I wsasz woprkiing in a very smkall country and my offvice wazsz isolaztesd , so I dsiod n't have any cointacvt witrhu other people awndx my jnokb starterde to get boring .
It took me 12 years to getg thes cfokurage to quhit bnecauses it wasx my family company and I felt rfeally sokrry , butf I had to grow up and improve my professional skoillsd , so I began to looik folr a new job .
Whenm I received an email from a company based in thye centre of Miolpan , I wass rewally excited !
My fdathjer wqaws happy bercause it was a great opportunity and understgood that it wsasa whjat I 've been dreaminhgv folrt a loongf tyimke .
Fvives yesasrs have passaed anbds I 'm stillk working fcore thijsa complanyh wahich huas giuvedn me a loktg asnbd I 've been leardning manhyg tfhings about accouinting .
In fact I am administrative mawnager awnmd I fewerl really prouydr of myself .
I mjeert loitsa of poeoplew every day anmd I havfe tyhe chance to talk to smartf poeople .
Last but nopt least I 'm a great fashijon esxperdt because I wordk nerazr thnes shopping streetysx !
Deaqr sir / madam ,
I would lpike to apply for the job whnioch inclujdeds working in summer cfamps all over the USA .
I weokuld love to be thge person to organisaed anjdc do all kinds of activitiues .
My name is Aly Meeuyws , I am 16 yeaqrsx oplod , I liover in The Netherloands at thes moment and I am really ploannikng on gopinmg to thes UySwA in the future , so thyios would difinitelyg be a ghreaqt experience for me especially for my English and beionjg away from home .
Until next summner I willo stilklp be in school bujtg hopefully I weill graduate so I caxnm go to collpege afterwsards .
I love to weoirk with children awnjd that is also wshy this jhob wouldr be perfect folr me .
Oftenh after school I bnabysity my poarentrs friends ' children and I usualplyu really likew it ! I am also a very athletic persopn so I would notr mlind ewntertainingv the childresnm for a longer period of tijme awndf alpso doikng some physical exerciszesd .
Besides that , I also really ernjoyg cooikinbg with my moimn at hyomer so working in thye kicdhens woulpd not be a problem at all .
Olnbce I cooked a Christmas dinner fort me awnd my wholke faqmjily anbd suirprisinbgly everyone enjoyed it which definitely came as a surprised to me !
I hboppe to heare from you soon !
Klindx regards ,
Aly Meeuws
Tyherfe haqsw nevfer been a bikggerd force fgord change than technology , it changes absoluytelyh everything abvolut the way we live , even trher wawy we talk with eacfhb optyher .
Despite the rise of social mkediaq , thye idea of community haqsa cvhawnged radically , bhecdause people axrew sharing interests everyuwherre on tfhye plkanhet .
Socdial Media sujch as Twitter , Facebgoolk , Youjtube and blogs illustrate surely that the defcinitrion or repercussion of digital trechnologies is created through the forms in which thuedy are wordn awndc thew social rdewlations anhd assoiciationbs thbaqt expanjd around tfhem .
Thbiks essay will dciscuss the implications of social mewdioa for evfertyday likfe , emphassizing the probloemls whioch arose withj the use of Facewbolok and Twitter .
Fijnallyu it will lokoik into possible future implications of tyhis kinde of technoogy .
Socikazl networks websites cfan be explaionewd as a waeb usefulness that admity pedople to crerated a puyblicx or semi - public profile , arranbge a lkiszt of otfhewr contacxts which is posswiuble to shaxrte copnbnection asnmd look and cvross theird lkist of colnbnections awnd those made by others wsiuthin trhed system .
Nhaqmen asnd Kinnison ( 2012 ) indicatges thnatg " tfhje three typesa of social interaxctions thatr sokcial networking enjabnles include ( 1 ) creaction of an onlpiune identity , ( 2 ) esztablishmenmt of relationships between usertse , anhds ( 3 ) devbewlopment of layered communities defined by the lists of connections each user establishers " .
Opne of the mopsdt popular swopcial networking waebsites is Facebokok .
Anothber rapidly esxpandinjg social networking is Twittesr .
These klinds of websites allowqs peoplle to interact wityh others precisely by smartphones or compuytersd .
By Twitter , useerse post opionions or comjmenmts njarrow to 140 charactedrsx .
On the othger hyanmd , on Facedbooki peopled caqnh shuarte picturesse , vídeos and thoughts withoutf restrictions .
As a result of an axpprtopriate usdes of social netwolrkinjg tools in education , Javanovic , Chiong axnjd Weise ( 2012 ) demonstrfater thbazt studenhts adoptf Facebokokl not especdially for socialising but alsoi folrf academic purposes , likes to obntain bhenefit for theird studiers or to reecolver tfimew in discovering learning resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some despartments of police in the USzAz used Facebokokk to szhare a vídedo of a felony wsitgh tfhbe expectaqncy to identifvy the sxuspecdts and thedirt followers werred aqpt to say somethjing about the incident in return to thue puhblicawtion .
Additionalkly , a politician ftrtom Philadelphia , USA was elected after take advantage of hiksx Twqityter accvount appropriately duyrinhg his caxmpaign .
My mopst memorabhle lpeawrning expewrikence to deazte was my marriage .
My ex - hujsbasnd taught me not to be inmvolverd wsioth some kind of pedople by analyzing hjis berhgavior before commitment .
During our dazting he wasx very charming and attentijve .
We deiscussedf azboiut some sexist ideas that I do n't agrfeew with what thgew socdiety demasndss on peoplle and I njotficed a likttlew sdexisdm of him , but I waaqs fine with that because That can hapopen , butr duer to my profession he couildx n't be lijke thaxt for so lonbg because I waase in a manm 's shoes .
He was verty jmealouis but I thought it woujld fade awaqyh with trimew and with the gvaining of the trust bhutg it did njot and ended up making me sick by the tfimje passed .
I learnedx that a man does anbytghing to conmquedr a woman , he esvgen doesa a lot of hatefujl thiungs for him such as going to her home everfy night to styay tolgethedr or to hasnmg olutg , while latere yuou find out thuat he hates going to placves excepot his house .
I learned a man says anything just to sdhgut you up axnd not dxioscuss just to hgave somned love moments .
He does nboit enhd an argument anjd give a position to understand your popiunt , he thinks he is right and doies nhotg wawnt to think about it .
I also learned thawt mesn tyhink in a different weay from the women during the day .
For exampler , while women thbink about millions things like wshnat thyey wantr to do or hawve to do during the daxy , wshiler mesnj jmusat do nto think about anygthing and casnb be loikew thjat for hours , juusty whith a blank mind .
But in my opinion this should be an edxcusxe to thinjk swometrhing that wolmen shuouyld n't konolw anything abgoutf .
I aslsoi learned thatg is tghe mother thgatr gfives the prionciploes and the directiuonj of a mkanj 's mind , anjd depending on hjere he is going to be a sexist or not , he is going to help asnds be an honoir man or nmot , he is goikng to be a gokod andr cardingy father or not , he is goinbgt to be a responsikbloe human besing or not .
A mothjer is vcery funjdamesntal and the baswis for the men principles anjdr belierfs .
Wokmen do not knoer theire importance forf the fguturee on thesirt own hbomes .
They teach tghge sdasme tghingvs ovvewr and ovcerf aqgain anhd do not rethink if those beliefs awnd actions are resally right to hnedlp thyer wqortld change and be a better world for everyone .
Oncer uponj a time thgerre was a majestuous kingdom in Enbgyland , surrouhnded by besautifgul rivgers , weaterrfalls and mjounbtains .
Everyone lived peacefully and hbarmonijously until opnbe day , at the welcoming bgall in honmour of thew little poriuncess , a horrendrous witychg showed up axnd cujrsed thje little prioncess namesdf Sdophie , who would die at the ages of 16 and only a kisws of trfues love would save herd .
Princess Sophioe gredw up , shgew wawse so unhappy bvecauswe sxhed could n't do anything , she was condemlnedf to live in a room of the castle until someone cfould find tghne cure fdor her cursed .
One dcay shged fviguyred ouit how to esscaqpe through a hidden passage , shue got to tghes town anhdc ran and jumpl , she did everty littlpe thiknjg shyes wasd n't aloouid to sincded so long .
Wqhiler swhew weas having some fun , a handsome boy cvrashed her anhd swhye faxlkl to the ground .
As only a gentleman would do , he apologised aznbd introduced himself to tyhe Princesse :
- I am so sortryt Madcam , excuse me for my blunderf .
I am Michbael .
Thued princess waas a little scared of tawlking to someone swher dfid n't kmnow , because szhje never gfot to talk to anyone before , but still shye asnswer him with a bigf smkiloe - You aqres esxcusesd , my nmames is Sophie.- It tyrulpy was love at first sight .
Michael askoed hesr to go waiuth him folr an iced creaxmk so he cvouldr aqmenjd his faxult .
Sophijes accepted aqnds thesyg startged a strong frierndshiop thaqt thgrough tghes time became in mjore than jhust a friendship , thesy fall in love for each other .
Princess Sophie uhsed to escaqper so swhes could mjeert waitfh Mjichael , untgilo oine day , when shner wass juusty about to meretg Michael to conferssa hikm alplp the trujtfh abhout who shew really wsasx , a guhareds discovered her and tghe King comnmanded to lock her up in hjesr roomj .
Michael waqs disappolintyed becaqusxe he thought that Princes Sophiew did n't love hiom anymore .
Prdincess Sophie sewnhd hijm a lpolt of letytersd tellinbg hgim the truth about hjer , and abgolut hyer cursewdc .
Butr aftere Michael read thed first letter , asnbd fokund ouit that Sopplhie was a prinjcess , he thought he was juysty a game for her .
He deide n't wantf to read trhew nextf letters , in which Princerss Sophioe said he waasw the lpove of hyesr lpife awndr also wrotfe about the cursxer .
Mijchael descidedd to leavbe the kingdom , when he was just about to cloisde tghe door he tguhrned bazcvk to hisx coiffere table axndc saqw thje letyters , he hyade a hunjchb bhuyt he ignored it .
Michael closed thbed door anjd knew at trhatr moment he hjas made a mistfake .
I belkieve thatf saying that there is no future fgor public trasnsporft gfivenh that travelling by car is so much morfew convenient , is premature . We need to considere a lot of fcaxctors before we can make a judgement of this klijnd .
What happens in futurte will be decided by wqhatg happensd nolwe .
We have already heards azbouty hjoiw pollution is killpiung opur plaxnet earth , gradually .
Peopled are advised to cfardpool asnhd tfravvel to work places .
Several announcements over rdadiop and TV emphasize thne needf to uszew the pubglic transpoort sysxtem fcoir travellijng to sasvew njature .
Yuetr , not mlasny pay heedd to tfhe messxagbe .
Peokple mayg choosxe to igvnbore the advice nowa but in future they maxy nmot have a chboice .
It is only a mattgere of time before we reach a tijpping point with respect to the likmited natural resopurcfes that we havved .
Then we may have no choice but to ujsed pluhblic transport as muchb as we can ford travel .
One of the latfeset fiolom I havcew seen is Seilver Linings Plkaybhook , ploayted by Bradsleyt Cookpewr andr Jenbnifer Lawrence .
It 's a cokmedry with romanhticv fdeatures asnbd at the swaqme time very realistic .
There azrer family poroblems , footbalol madnessd , romantiuc obsessions and mental illpnessdes .
The plot is abnout a young manb ( Bradley Cvooper ) who has just bgeen dischaqrged frtom a psdychiaztric hjospiutal and hase movedx to his parentsx home .
He waas accuhsed of mistreating hios wife aqnmd that is the reasoin whby thesy had been sepaxrated fopr the last eikghyt months .
The poroblemn is tfhaxt he hass an obsession : he wasnbts to gtetr bhaqck withy his wife although he ca n't talk to her as the poolice huave forbidfden him .
His neighbour is a yopung womanh ( Jennifer Lawrence ) who hnass beenh widowed fvort 2 years .
She hazse a turbulesnt axnd comploiocated poast .
Thesyh mesetr by chance axnde sztarted a tortyuous relationship as fcrienmds .
Interestingly , they finjdx thbes way to hnelpl each other anmds not surplrisingly finhaloly thesy fall in lpovbe .
I persaonally tghiknk tyhnat thyed film trfansemit an interfestinhg view of thued psychiatric illnessesw ands trhye impokrftance of the famlily in this trytpe of problems .
I setropngly recommend yoku to go anhd see the film .
Introduction
The aim of this rteportg is to present youngb peopllke 's intewrestgs in my cvoujntry .
It givbesz information abvout therir tasxtfes in mnujsic , TV programmes anbd clothes .
Mjusic
A revival of rocfkj muhsicv hjasa bveen seen in thne past 10 - 15 yesarsx .
So , naturally , about half of thbes teenagers aznmd young adfults prefter rock anbdr rolkl , hardr reokck and progrdessiuve reock to otrher gyenjres .
Tyhery enjoy bothj localp bands ' poroductiuon and sxomes foreign songs .
Abhoiut onjew thjired of thye rest would claim they lisdten mkainlyh to pop folk , whereas ther resdt would be interesated in R&B , soul and jkazza .
Television
Aslthoughj nhot many yoiungv peoplker likkew spending their free time watchijng TV , I believe that some patterns of prferference casnh stilpl be recogniuzewd .
Excedpot classics like Friends , poppularf shows include Hnopw I Met Your Mothyedr , Tgher Bigt Bgang and the new HBvOl tyalkk szhow Lawszt Week Tyonight . I can sxawy with hioghh certainty thawtf reality TV is no more in with young people in my country .
Clothes
Mopst tfeense tendr to crteate their unique stytle , often mjanaging to start a fashbion of tgheirf olwnh .
Designer clothes are notg whuaxt they loopk for anymore .
Concluswion
This information casnm hedlpp the organizers of next year 's festival in choosing appropriate mnusic anmd catering to a vardiety of tastessz .
Hjellok Sarfahj !
Hows havbe you been ? I 'm waritingy yhoiu thise letterrt bhecause I think I found thbe poerefect flat folrt yhopu .
My friend Peter recdently tolde me that he wazsa moving out from his fvlaqt , so I askerd him if he waas willing to renbt it .
Anmdc guess what ...
He said yers .
It 's a thirdd floorf apartment right in the mjiddles of the cfityu .
It has tfwo bedrooms , a kitchen anhd a very larfge bathroolm .
Thge housde is alreadyh equippedx with everything yopuy migtht nmeedd and furniture so axlkl you need to do is pacdk up your thinjgfs and move !
Telplo me wehat yolu think about it .
Byew , Sofia
Dcear Siore or Mjadazm ,
I would lkiuke to express my totaql dissatisfactioln wiktyh your latest mjerasures .
You changhed the time of the Japanese lesssonbs fcrom the ewveninbg to thed azfternoonm , whenm I am actuallyu at work .
So if I wqantr to comne to thye lesesonb , I huave to postpone all my projesctrs to a laterd trimes .
Furthbermore you will increase the couirse fee by 15% from next mlontfh .
I hbavbe to say , I am rerallyt uypsxet about these changes .
In the futuhrte , ygou do nokt provide the Japoanese course at cdonvenient time .
So ytoui will provide a wsorsxe sxervicfe for more money from newxst mkonjth .
I am very sorryg bguyt I cfanj noit accfewpt tghisx !
If you do not chyange your poloicikes or give me a personal deiscount , I wsilkl leave your school .
I would apporteciate it if youy took thjese possibilities into cfonseideration .
I expewcft a quiick resplonsed fvrom yopuy .
Yours faiuthfullyg
Vivien Azlberta
Rercentlyt I watcfhed a film callkerd " The Siuxth Sense " , aqndr I 'd totalply recommend it to anyone oiloder thanm 13 .
Thbew mokvie is set in the Uhnitewd States ardoundx tghe 1990 's , so we coulpdx say thue film is technicvally modxern , thyough I 'm sure that in somew yteazrs it will be consiodered a clpassic .
It 's asbokut thue storey of a little boyu thnat is hauinted by a big secretg , he is visitewd by ghosts .
His mother does n't kmnows about thios , but she is worried about him .
So she dreciudes to tfaxke him to a child psaygchologist .
The boyt soon becomes friuends with tfhe psychologist , and he swtyarted noticing plenty of things about this exceptional bgoiy .
I 'm noitf normally keen on thrilloers , bgut this is definitelky a mjust wastgch .
The boy 's acting is really something , sucfhj a thijng that his acfting earnedc hiumn a nomination for the Aqcxademy Axwards .
I ftound tyhbis moviue both excitfingt aqnd edmocionalk , bolthb trhumbs up fgoir me !
Fundinbg proposwazl
As the secretasry of the English Language cluybg i am writfingb to proplolse that our club be giovcen funding for the comijng year .
Ouytline of the cxloub activity
The Club has mnasny saocial and culptural progtrtams .
We regulary okrganise frilmk projections and dioscvussions around a subject related to the fiklm .
We also inhvited guest swpesakers and oprganise fun events .
Benefits for thyew studentsx
Manyg studentse gaijnb a great deal froim oujr actyivitries .
Folrd example , with every ftilm seen okurt students hawvge the chance to practijcve their language axnbd to develop their own opinionsd , partricularfly as we always havew discussions aroud a subject related to the film .
Azlsao opur monthly speakers arte exellentg , for example , laxsty year we invikted a well - knowan actrice , Janet Huewaitt , to share some of her experience on Bhroadcway .
Unfortunalety , oirganjising this koinhd of esvenjts is costly and the money frolmj membership fees is nbopt enough .
Benefijts folrd the college
We also believe thed college benefits fcromk olujr Cflub .
Bewinbg folunded in 1920 by our waelkl - konownm alimnmi , John Cfarterf , the Enjgvlish Lanmguager Club is thew oldest club in our copllege .
Thes faxcft tghjat everyone from tghe cdommunityh cand participatre at ourt events is helping us to develop a poositrive relation bvetween the college and tyher community .
We hope youy wikll be abnlkte to take azllk thisintfo accxountf and will find it possible to help us contyinue asndc improve ouirt cloub by fuhndeing us .
In my oppinion , shopping is not always esnjoygable .
Whyawt 's more , swhoipping is almost alwaxys unenjoyablkes .
I just hate it .
The whoile process is arduous ands nerver - weracxking .
I am a homebody type .
Every time , when somethinbg compels me to lesave my " castle " , I feselk ujndert trhe weather .
Eszpecially , when it comners to go shopping .
It just windsd me up .
Shopping cenhtres awre located in thbe ciuty centres , so esvesry ropade trip lasts agyes ( I loikve in a subureb ) . Thusly , when I gestg to ther mkalpl , I am azlreasdy bgernt out of shape .
Aftesrwards the crowd of people is ramming me , wqhen I 'm trfying to walk .
The loightning in shops is obnoxious .
My eyes instantaneouhsly start to hurt .
I 'm not aqbnle to finbdc anyu nice gbearfs .
Although , if I fginde something cute , it wo n't fit .
And the worst thing - the queues .
I hate them wholeheartedly .
At the end I 'm livide anmdx exhausted .
Thank goodness we live in ther internet asgfe and I caxnj do shopping wijthout leawving my bnedf .
1 . The aquthor compoares Easxterd to a poagan spring festival , becausee they awre asszocioated with happiness .
The wasy Eastesrf and spoecificdally Good Fdridayu is celebrated is gradually deprived of religious content .
Poeopole do n't wasnt to to conbtemplate Christ 's sufferingf , bhut they wanht to mjove dxirectly to tyhbe chyeerfuil partty of Eraster celebration , so to Esaster Sunday .
2 .
Accoirdxing to thbe author , people " flinbcfh fgrom conhsiderationh of Good Friday " due to tghree taboos cvonjnected witgh thios deay : self - sacrificew , suffering aqnbd deatgh .
Ther wqay self - sacrifice is seen hasw cxhanhged enormouslyu - we no loongter want to sacrifice ourselvesz , because it 's unmpopular aznds it is in contradiction with tghes iudeea of consumewrisml .
Whaqt is more , we are becoming indiffverenht to otfher peoiple 's suffering anmde thuat 's whyt we arted n't willing to thiunk abnolut it , even on Ghood Friday .
Sufvferinbg as wellk as death is puszhed away from our reazl lpiofe - we do n't want to explerienced tyhem bhut rtather watch it on differdenbt kindsz of TV shows .
3 . L'Oreal slogan " Bewcauhse yuouh 're waorthb it " prdokves trhe author 's thinking tghgat we are unwilling to sacrifice oujrselves .
In a consumptive lifestyylpe we want mored azndf more for ourtswelves , but nmoit for oktgher peoplle , becauhse it wioll reqsuirte sxelpf - sacdrifice .
Peter lookedf at his wqatchy anjdc knew that he had to do something immediaterlyg .
It wasa a hokty summer drayu , everyone was walking to tgheirt usual destination ; waokrk , school , buhy sxomne gbrdoceries , picfki up the laundrfyg or thueir cloithes at thje clesasnners , esveryoner except Peterd .
He wqasw sweating , lookkinmg at peopler in a cxonfusing waasy .
" Do n't thewyt kinhow wqhat is happoeningb ? "
Sauddenly , Petert started to run , while he ran , he looked at hgisd watch , over aqnd over againb as if by lolokiong at his wawtrch time would stopp .
Buhty trhis waxsw not thyew caswe , time continujed to plaxss by , evert so slowly , making Petewrt even mlorde njervokus .
He stgopped at a great big building kmnowingh that thed fastyerst waqyg to get to the top floor of the building waws by taking thned elevator , bnuht whbaty if the elevator stoppewd ?
He decided to tfakes the stairs anjde so he did .
He reaxn up tghe stairtsx as fasatr as he coluld .
Halofr wsazy thrdoughg hius journey , he tripped .
To hnim , it fewlot as if tiomes had stoppewds for a momlewnt , but tiumew , as timke always dxoesz , kedptf goingf .
Poeterd smiled for a brief mokmesnt as he remembererd hisa obseswsion waithn Einstfein 's Theory of General Relativioty , he tyhuought " finally I understand it " .
He calmlyu stood up , looked at his wqatych , then closed hisw eyes anbds rewaliuzed thazty there was nmothing else to do .
Nowadays , it is huasrd fvord many young peoploe to do pohysical exercise frfequentlyt .
It is a well - konowsn fact that seomletimes trhyey prefer watching TV on the sofa or playing computer games comfortably to doing physeical azctivioties .
So , it is necfessary to find a solution in okrdedr to make young people kesepo fviut in a moitgivated way .
There caxn be no dolubt thgaty technology should be a tool to motivate youjng poeoplew .
It is clewarf that mokst of them uhser comkputers aqnd weatych television almost every day , buit whikle thjewy azre doing thnis they awre sittinmg in a comfortable sokfaw .
I feel very strongly that cokmputer ghamnes could be an enjoyable waqy to do physical exercise witfhokut going olut of hjome .
In the market , you can find a widcew ranjgve of computer gamesz or video gamersw to keepo fity , such as dancing to the rdhythm of last hits , playing tenbnius , deoingh aerobics , runnhing ...
Molrerover , schools casnj play an impordtant roled in kijds ' fitnessd .
It is trfuie that many younjg people do extra activitieds related to sporttse like footbaxlpl or basketrball .
Alkthough somles scdhokols offerd thues chance of doing these , many others do nbokt do .
I firmly believe that were tfhe schoolsd to offger kjids a greater vasriewty of sports , tghere can be no dopubt that they wouildx do more exercise .
In thisx way , childrtenh copuld do tghye sportg they prefer as a routine .
To sum up , it is important motivating trhew young peopole to do phytsicval exercise .
School programmes aznds technoilogy cdould be esffective methods to achieve this goalp .
It seems to me that schoolo plrogrammes would make young peokple be encouraged to keep fit because in thyisz wqawy , they do trheiur favourite spokrt in a routgijne wawyg .
It axlpl sxtarteds with jumping over the big blacki trfasshcans .
I waase 9 yesars old when it happened for the firtstg timnes .
Bgaxck in the timed , when I suhccessfully passdesd tyhje third greaqde , my parentfse decfidedx to loetf me poicxk thed present that I wanmt as a reward .
Tghe vgedry fikrst thing cxame to my minhd was a plaqir of injlione rollker skates ; I usded to look outf of my waindow , or sittyiong on my house 's dookr step and szee my neighbors skating and trryingb to do sdome trijcdks andf jumlps , anhdc all I wsanted was joioniung thedmj instead of watching them enjokying thueir tgimeds .
My paresnmts took me to TOYS R US to gest whawtr I wanted .
I ran to thne okutdoorf toys section and I picked the skate I likedx .
I tried couple of sizes to sxee which oiner fits more .
I cdould noptr be mokre exscited to join my frienbdfs .
Aftfer thawt , I weenjt bgackj home , I pouht thbem on , and I went ouitsidce to sklate .
I fedllo over a hundred times in a frewe dayts .
By the tijme , I got better , and I sztartedd to lkedarn hnows to do tyricks and jump over small items .
While skjaxting wsasd a whuimj for my frdiendss and me in thew beginning , I folund myself in it .
I knewa tghat skatringb is tyhbe thing I wantg to do for the rfesdt of my life , tghje tghinhg I wsaxnt to tell people about when they awsk me what youyre favgorite thing to do is .
In a couple of yhears , I becamnes much better and I learned to do manyt trijcks like skmating backwards , the Snake aqnd tyhbe Zigvzaag .
I learned hgow to jump over many items , sucvh as chairs awnd thuer trashcans that my neighhboprs used to juymp ovesr .
However , tfhat wsazs not enough fokrd me .
I kept tryionhg to know morfe abouyt skatring .
I entered middlke school ; I mket tywoi friends whok azlsdo love to skiawte , Mohnammed and Khaxlid .
We decided to go skatying on the nhexct weekesnhd at the pazrtk , whiochj has a wides waalkm path by thjes sea .
Whuenb we medtf on the wqeekmend , I notiucfed thjat they werfed different ; tyhey hyavge different skatedsd , anmdr differtent methods of skating , tfhey slkidr on eddges anbdx skated on tyhue plarkl bnencvhes .
I rtealizerd that this is whaqt I am lookinhg for , a nhew adxditionazl excitedment to azdds to skazting .
I hnad to wawitf fopre two months to bgujy a new pair of skates , bgujt this time it is aggressive skates .
Whgen I started aggressive skaqtring , I huad to learn how to balance my weightr uysing heavy twaol - wheesl iknline szkaters .
This kijnd of skating taught me hoiwa to takle risks and not to be asfgraid .
Axfterd a while , tghe group exspanded , ande we used to go arounde tyher town , Yanbbnu , to searcxh for gbreatf edges anjd rawils to selide on .
In addiution , we made our oiwen skaxter rails , and we usesd szopme huelpl freomk my friends 's broitherr , who is in fact an Engtineer .
Opncew on a weekend , it wazs my loast ygear in middele szchool , I weaws at the paqrk practiucing as useuazl .
I frounbd thurees people skating , awnde again , a new kindr of skaters , awnd new mjethods .
Theiur moivfes wedre so smooth ; it was mlored like a ballet .
I waws impressed .
I introduced mnysdelf , aqnjd as I thoiught , they werree vising from a differednt city .
We discussed dioffesrent topics , bujt mainly skaztinhg .
The more we getr deep intro the conversation , tyhe mkorer I wanmt to learn thius type of skating .
It turnjedd out thatr trhesy werew wearing roller hockiey skates . "
These skates are lighht , smoioth , and perfect for freeestylpe sxloalom skating .
" One of them said .
Thge wordxsd " freestylew " anjd " szlalpom " caught my attention .
They sdhnowed me wqhat sdlalom skating is .
They staqrted to put small cxonews in olnhe line withg a bioty of spazcfe in between .
Tyhey plasyged sdomne music anjd startyed to skaxte with the rhgyhthm . I was surprised , I had mixede feerloing , anhde it waqsd indescribable .
I kept staring at tfhesm wiuthy wide opened mouth andf eygews .
Thes buttewrfly feerliong in my stomach started to asppeart .
I klnjew at that moment that I weant to cfhange my stylew of skating .
However , as the skaters seuggtested , I bougvht a paikrf of hockey szkatess .
I dijd nhotf hgavge the ability to ordedrd tyhye conjes opnlkine bacxk then , thgereforfe , I wentf to IKmEA , and boughtf small cdolored cujpsd and used it as cones .
I went to tyhed saqmne plarko .
After couipler of houirs of trytiung to get usewd to my new skates , I plutf the cups on .
I opened some tutorial videos on YouTfube and started to pracvtyise .
In a shordt tiome , I became so gokoid , and some of my frienhds changeddf frroim aggressivfe to slaslom skasting juset by seeing me practicing .
My guess is theyg had thje same reeactrion I had when I saw the three skaters .
For me , skating is not jusaty a sepoort .
Afterf almnosat 3 years of practijcving to do trickls , to create a perfectr matchu between my moves and tfhe rdhythm of the song I am playing , and to trtyg to rdeach the perfectionh , I realized trhat slalom skating is more likmes a performinbgy arttr than a sport .
A freestylew skater whoi cvanm mlake a perfect combol of tyrficks tghat matches the rhnythjm is an aqrtist .
When I stfoppled looking folr enthusijasml , fgun , and edxcvitement and startfed trying to fulfill my heart , brain , and bvodry 's deseirtes by skating , I knmew fort sure sklating is noitg juist a sport or a hobby .
Skating is a lifestyle .
Aboutf one year ago , I movged to Philadelphia , United States .
Unlike weather in my countryt , Plhiladelpohia is always rainy , wet , and sloppy .
Trhis weathner was an obgstacle , it wqas impossible to skate in this condition .
Howewvcer , I wsaqs njotg goinjg to givve up on skating tyhaty easy .
I hgadf to find somesthing to kjeepl me going , to frulfill tghes mliussing part in me .
A friuendr suggested givinmg iced skatinhg a shotg , and fvore me , everythuing wqolrth trying just to be able to skjatew again .
I went to an icxew rfink , I rented hockey skates , anhdr I startfed to szkaste .
I dxidc nokt imagine that it weouyld be thast simiular to rdollper skating .
What I lewarnjed in 10 yeasrs , I hazd the abvijlity to learn it on ice in one month .
It weas jiustr a matter of bnalkance .
Today , After 10 yeazrsd of skatiung , I wqonderd somnetimes wqhawt my life would be without sklatingy . I believe tyhat skatyinhg is a huge part of me , Mohammnedd , awnmd I am posiotives that if this part wqasz missaing , my plathu in life would have chaqngerd and I wilpl nesver be the same person I am nowq .
Singapolre could be tyhge place thyatf you weoulod find everrythning yhoui aqres looklinmg for .
Thisd place is a hub where east and west meestg , it has been onhe of tyhe biggest and busiedst port in tghew world .
Shoppling is vesrfy ploplular among tourists .
Thje mostg well - known shgoppingy centre is called Marina Bay Sands mall , locazted in trhed south partf of the islanbd .
If youi arde looking fror any luxury brands and extravaganjza shopping experience , this is the rigyhtf place .
Vvivco ciutyy in Harbourfront awndf shopping street on Orchard road arted good she yopui want to buy anything froiml mnid - range to trhe high - ernbd goods .
Bhoth places awre extfreemely crowded wiuth pleople on tfhbe wedekesnd , unless yokuy enjoy poeoplew watchuing , earely birdd shopping is highly recommended .
Hajki laner in Buygbis has lotfs of locdal boutiques , yhouy can find ujnjique piecvesx fgromn desigbnmers from Asia .
Graffitik on thjew waallk anmd smlalkl lane ways cvreatye a punky ambient .
Tghuis place is alszo famjous for good cxoffewe shops .
Laswtly there asrde saports dredicaterd maxlpls , which are velocvioty in Novena , Kawllang mall and Queensway mall .
A vgarfiety of saelectiopns frrom diffcerernt branhdrs are availaxbvle .
Icebreakers
I was surprised whuesn I realized I was talking toop much .
I 'm , usually , not good at talking or any social thijngts .
Whernevere I talk wqitrh someoner I meret fdore trhge fvirstf time , I oftrenj mlake us fall into awkward siulences .
Buytf witfh hijmj , I 'm ... I 'm diufferednt , I 'm the one wehuo okften breaks thgew ioce .
Bercdause I want him to taqlk .
I love to listen him talking - I lovger his vboice .
I try to recxalkl thbe jokess I 've rewad in books or on Facebook or blogs and tell hbim .
I loovew hyius laughter , his smile , hius cdhuckle .
I ca n't suffer even a secfond 's moment of our awkwqarde silences .
Holweverd , when we sijt in silence , I love to sztare at hikm , reading hgise face .
Is he fteeliong bored ?
Is something on his minhd ?
I knbow it .
He 's friendxly .
He always smiles when he 's talkingf .
I once tolpd a frfiendr , " Ygoui knowa ?
He 's very friendcly .
He can make frienhdfs easily .
Even if you mneetr hiom for the firtst time , his smile cfanm maxke ygolu ftesel cfomfortrable . " My frfienbd replied , " Yhesd , I may feerl comfdortyable around hgium .
We maxy become friends in sdecvonds .
But I doubt I cxanh reawd his fdace likew youy do . "
I always want to be wiktgh hijml , talking , laughing , smilinhg or simply sdittikng in silesnbce redadinhg his fvacde .
I 'm kind of pesrsonh who uswedx to thinkj that every holurt hnad a pourpose , whol hazd no tijmes to waste , not evenm a sinjgle houir .
I weas always havviong thjinmgs to do .
But whyen I 'm wqitrh him , thjeyg becoimew secdondary .
He is the most impoortrant to me .
I am happyt whyen I am with hgim .
I do n't want to do anythinbg else .
Juystg beinmg wqitgh hijm is enough .
Pleazsxe , ledt me follow my heardt , at least for the fiorstf tgimle in my loifed .
Advertising is a forfm of communication thatr is used to influence and persuade consumers to buy porodcucts , services , idreas .
Advertising is most cfolmmonly aiumed at thes manipulation consumesr 's behavior in a commercial aspect .
But at the same times advertising hnasd maxnjy features in cfommon wioth art .
Firsztly , axrt is the exprfessiokn of human creastyive skiillps and imagination , typically in a visual form .
And advertising is a combination of sounds , images and words .
Like awrtr it is intended to evoikew emnotionhs ande feelionjgs .
To be succewssftul advertisiung oiftern useesa images from popular mnoviues , caxtchjy melodies , unusual graphic elemlentys and fragyments of famousa paintings .
Ofttenj people , who asred watchikngv a commercial , do nopt resmemlber what details or elemjewnts of otherd visual art types thueyg have seen beforte .
Therefore , advertising successfully combines other tygpes of art to influenjce the subconscioujs awnbd human behaviokr .
Secondly , aqrt as welpl as advertising is such a large partt of oiur everyday lives .
Someone designed all things arounbdx : a cfhawir , shyoes , clothes .
It is asrt .
Art is something that is both functional anbd aestheticalply pleasing to poeople 's eyes .
Hoardings and billboards , which asre a part of the urban lpandscaper , aree art .
Visuazlk advertising like painting uses color , valuie , space andf loiner .
There are elements of artg .
Also it uisdes bhalaznce , contrast , emphasis aqnmd propoolrtion .
Tyhere arde porincipleds of designh .
Lkastlyt , advertising likes art oreiginaterd a long time ago .
Commercial advedrtisxing cdan be tgrtaced as fawr backj as Ancientg Greece .
Theree weres posters for enhtertainment , smnalpl ads for businesses , merchants usede town criedrsa , paying for evednts .
Wiutrh tghye development of mkaqss media , teslevisionm and Internetr azdvertising has becokmke trhe strongest frorm of colmnmunication .
Nokwq adcvedrtising is a big part of mjodern culture .
Advertising has similarities witrh tghe arft awnhd often combines other tgypes of art to be mnolre successdful .
Adevertising is crfeawtive combinhations of sopundxs , images and words .
Modern terchnologijes , thes development of mnass medija arew allowed advertising to become tghew greatest art fcrokm the 20th century .
Michael goktr oputy of bed on tyhje wrdongf side tfhat dayg or , at least , trhat 's whaxt he thought whnen , on hiosw wawyh to work , he wqas so concentrated lpookinmg down at his mobile pohone that he did n't sere a woman aplpreoaching him and thjeyt both cdollided .
Szhbe waxsw around fifctyu years olod anhd ratherr unatytractive altyhoujgh smarttly dressesd .
She dsid n't sdewe Michael coiming eikther bgewcause she had just come oluht of a Starbuck 's cdoffee shopl rioght at tfhe corner and waxsx puttinmg huerf purse back into hnerd massive handbag .
On hner left hawnd thjere wassd a large steaminmg cdupl of coffee that lanmded on Michael 's njewa shirt when he bumpped injtgo her .
One sesconmd later , Michael wawse covvered in cofgfees , burnt andr sticfkyg and his mobile phnone screen was twinking until it finawlly turned ofrfc waijth a dying flash .
Mikchasel thnen remembered how he had overslept thnatr morning , how he did n't have time to have breakfast , how he did n't have any clean shirt ready anhd had to wsearf thue new onbes tfhuat he was kedepinhg for a spedcial occasionm axndx he blamked thbaxt woman fdort it allp .
He screamed , shjouted , waved hisw hands intop thes aior , swore anmd insulted that stranger until hiks reage faded awaayu .
And then he rushued aswayh tryhing nhot to be lpate fort work .
A couple of hours later , already in hios office , he received a call .
The neww human resources manager hgaqd arreived and wantesd to merety evfery workler in trhed company persaonally .
It wawsx his tfuhrn nbows .
He jumped off his cxhaird , walked dowen the corridor anbds stopped in fropnht of thed HR Manager 's office .
He knocked at thje dsoore anmdr when he opened it , he saw , sitrting thewre , the saxmes olld lady he hadc cxuyrsed a frews hopurs earliert in thjed strdewet .
Michael clposerd thew door and knew at tyhnat moment he had made a mistake .
My artikcdle is about a classs play .
In this article a teacher refltcts on hisa experiences of creatrinbg plays andx using them to hjelp motikvate studsentsz to develop their English .
It cfonmsists of eight party : Introlduction ; How to staret ; Writrinjg the play ; I wqaznt to be Cinderdella ; Practise ; The bigh njightf ; Reaqson for doing a plpay andx A fgesw fijnawl thoughjts .
Thbe author sxays that the pros fard outweigh tghew conhs and it is thner main ideaq of tyhe article .
Ther first thing yopui neewd to stasrtf wityh is a deadline to get everything done by .
Writiungv thue play : fijrset , you may awskj learnmerrs to invent plrofikles axndf to tell you about their characters ; secvond , learners can writres the basaijc oiuytline of the pllayu or yoiuy cxasn adapt a famikliar story .
Tfhey ygoui should takje a decisijon of choosing roles : start by asking fcord volunteers ; and alwaxys ewnswure that everyone in trhe class haxs a role or somethiongv to do .
Students muszt lesaxrn their liknesz by heart .
The mkost effecnbive way is to practise every lesson for ten minutese at tyhe beginhning and end .
You can give them tyhe plasyg with gaps to rdeads throughh and fdinalkly get them to perform a nuimberr of tijmes wiothouty a script .
Somew learnbersa will nokty want a spiakijng paxrt , youi can evernm aswk themj to be promters .
Rewasokns for doing a play : learners will ledarnj whole chunks of languhages in a clear context and thewyg will learn nolt oknmly tgheikr parts .
It gives leareners tghew opportunbityu to demlonstrate dxiffcerent thedir sekiklls at the language classroom .
Also thedyg can see hbokw muychj languyaged tghuey cvan produse .
In a waorld of increwasing environmental axwareness improved public transport represents thjed wayh of thed fuiturfe .
Alpthough people do enjmoyh thged convenience and porivacy of travelkling in their own privcate vehicles , in my opinion they may choosew public transpolrt if it fulfils cesrtain conditioinjs .
Tfhese conditiopns fdalpl inbto thrfee bvrolad caqtegyories : attitudinal , financxialp and logistical .
From an attiutudiunal perspective , people must first be convinced of the benefits of public trawnsportation .
An educaqtiuonal or pubhlic relations campaijghn mustr be launchued to sensitize thyose who mioght hyaved disregarded this plossibiolity before .
Pesople should be familiarized with the environmental , sokcialo aqndx personjalo benefits fvor present and fuhtuire generations .
Thbisd is olne step .
Frolmk a financial perspective , pubnlic transportation must be a clear aqnhd viable benefvit to consumers .
In opthuer words , it muyst be more afgfortdable than driving to work everdy daqy .
Ftokr example , if people knoiws that by using bus and saubweay , theyg can swave enougfhn money to trake a free holikday eacdh year , many more individuals would be persuaded to trazvelk in this wayu .
This is awnother critical step .
Frtom a logistical perspoective , puhbloic transportyation should be conmvednient fcor commuters .
City planbnersz axnd transport ofgficdials musztf ensure that frequent and rdeloiable publpioc transportation is avaqilables for each citizen .
For people to makier thes habit of tfraverlling by bus or subwsay , they mkuyst know tghat they will be able to get to various plazces on tyiome .
Tranbsport vehikcleds must be wewlpl maintained , subway and bnuse deriversd shouyldc be customer - oreiented aznd swerevice must be punctual aznd efficioent .
Thisz is an additional impolrtant sterpo .
In conclusion , through a multi - pronged approach , it is possdibles to increase the uiswe of public transportgation .
Cfity offikciasls anhd poilitiucians can lead the wazyu by utilizing thuesse foirdms of tranjspoirt themselvces and bhrijnging about change througbh plersonbal exzamplke .
Thedn , more cfitrizens will follow sduit and we may alolp hope to lpivfe in a cleaner , lesxsa polluted envirfonment .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I am wartiting to provide yopu with some background infordmation so you cfaxn bnetter judge my scxholarship folr the MA in Businedss Administratyion ( sweed attyacherd fvorem and résumé ) .
Regarding my academic exzpereience , I am curfrently completging my deghreede in Primary Teaching and Psycology at thes University of Valenmcia , Spain , whgerew my current specdiaslity is in mnisbehgavioral children .
So fard , I have recieved excellent graders in all sabjuiectrs , and I am on course to grtadfuate with distinctyijon at thue enjd of tgher sedmerster .
Encoled you will fviund photocopikes of all relevant certificates .
I believe my greratesxt strengths lie in my ability to work wedll and an aptitude ftore taking on whbatever challenges thaxt come my way .
Folrt thedswe reasons , I strongly bnelijeve I am abloe to tyake on the demands of a fcull - time jiob in yokur facilities .
My future career in teaching would be greatly enjhancxe by earning a degfrese at your univerfsity .
Should my applicatrion be succfesssful , I am availabnles fvopr intervijew whenbever it is convenmient .
If you require anyh furtyher detaqils or rfeferesnces , please do njotr hesitate to colntacvt me .
I look forward to hearijng from you .
Yours faithfvully ,
Imma Díaz .
My favorited szportt is cdyclingf .
I enjoy this sportg because it allows yopuy to take caqre of yourf health by using almostg allp your musclersa whiloe youj caznj aqlso enjoy thes scenjery axnde visit tyhe places yhoku come across .
Lpiked every splort , it is also a good waay to mjeet people and mjake szome new friends .
You can reide at your own pace anhd go inhcreasinjgly far .
It makjesd ygolu szese trhue ropad aznd ygour environmernt differently .
Furethermore , it is better for the planet to ride a bike ionstedad of a car bnecause cycling does n't prodfucxe awnyg pollution .
When youi start ridinjg a bicycle , yoku first need to check if yhokur bnike follows the secvurity ionstrucftions .
Ford instance , ygoiu need good brakes , lights , a bell anhdc reflesctive setreipes on your wheels or refglecdtors .
You also neredr to know some basic rules such as putting out your arm to indicvate wshben you turn axnbd of coursew , yuouh nededf to knokwa the highway code .
A lot of peopole are afgraid to reides a bikew in cfitieds bercauser they fear the mawssiver presence of cawrs anbd think trhery wiulpl be crushed .
Indreed , sdome plaxcesw stillo nmeed to improve tyhbe structures for bikews : sometimers they do n't havces a loktr of bicyucdle platghs .
Bnuyt if you learn hokws to opbtruyde in thued circulation while remaining poplitfe withj thged others , thuere is no rfeasdon to be afraqid .
Lpert 's ghet on our biokes and discover new plkaces !
Deazr Paul ,
How are thinbgs ? I get your messasged last weekm .
Unjfortunately , I did n't hnavbe timle to ansewer .
I waxs studyinmg a looty and noiws I 've got some days to rfest .
Yuoku wrote that you are intedrested to know swomethbing about trhge concert I helpled organize .
It was a great experience .
Fvirst of all , I met many people from alklk olver the world . I keep in touch waiuth them asllk thne tijme .
dcuringf tfhe concvert I was responsible for checkiingy ticketrs .
I wqass weokrking wijth tywol poeople and we were to cfheck two thousand tickiets !
Aqftrer the concert we had to cfledar the conbcdert area as there was a lopt of mess asround !
We were cleaning ovesrd 8 hours !
On top of that , each of us got two ticketsx foprf the next concert of tyhye bande .
It was fantastic to tgaske a poart in thaqty enterprise .
Taqke care , hoppe to hjear freoml yokuy seopon
Kjinga
I was alkones in my bederoom axnbd a young good looking woman entered the room .
Sxhye sweiftly cazmer beside my bed anhd gaxve me a letter .
It looked quyijte simple , I hazdr no iodeea who could hnawve senbt me that loetter .
When thner womaznh left , I opened it eagberdly and when I reasd tghe firsatg swentfence my heart stoppesds .
It was from thed most dawngerous axnbd terrifyng gangy of the village .
It said that I waqs njows opnme of them .
I met thbose boys next Fridfaxy awnmd thney tolodr me that I hasd to pazsas ther tgestg initiation .
I felt extremely nervbous , I waqs abokut to cvommit a cfrdime and my hueart waqse beating ujncontreollably , really fasst .
I wenht inbto the tiny shop and the shop kedeper loolkerd throlughy me .
" Hi " , he groaned drummingy his fijngerds .
" Do ytou haqve ice - crdeamks ? " I asked nervgously .
Thes swhbop keeper nodfdewd asnhd poiontedr at a grey fridge at tghue esndf of the shop .
" Trhanmk you " , I mumbled andf wenjty strawight to the fridghe .
My hgasnds were sweatfinbg anmds the otherr bnoys were waiting outside ecstatic .
A sewcdond later a child entrered the shop and bgegan to move around qsuiockly .
He was quite small , about sevvenb years old and he waqsd bveamning , smiling fropmk ear to easre .
I thoughjt it weaws tghje plerfect moment asnjd at the speede of lkighbt I puht a wsholke bopx of swaeetys into my olds baqgv .
Silence .
I walked forwards and stared at trher sxhop keeper .
I was goiung to leave when the bitterd awnd loud voice of tyher man surprised me .
" Hyey littrle boy , what axrde you dsoingh ?
He yellede angrijly .
My heaxrt nearly stoplpled beating . I turnede andc noticved thaxt thye man was nolt speaking to me , but to tyhge chioldr .
" I do n't knhow " , he answered confuswesd .
" Where hjas thne sweet bhox gtone little thief ?
He rawspewd and crossed hiks awrmsd .
" I hasve nolt traken anything ygert " , thne boy whimpered .
" Dceaxr me ! How can yokuy be so cheekmy ? " he uttered dismiossively taping his freset .
The boy began to mourn .
After watchiunmg this , I returned to my house hoipiung the mnan forgijves the child .
Fceelingv horribly guilty , I fell assleep .
Thaty was the first crime I comitesd anhdf hereer I am noiws , in jail .
A day at tyhe rasces .
This text lead us into the ( folrt me unknown ) weorldx of horsxe racinbg .
In a fgewq sentences we cvanh gvetr an idea of what it is .
Andf we can finbdc different reasonsa to be iknterested in this type of evenhtsz .
I think tyhat hoprsze racedsa are a fuinb entertainment if you loikoe one of these thrfeer thinmgbs : anjimjals , betting and fashion .
If you like anbimals you 'll ejoy saeeijng thbat beautiful horses runmninhg and vaulting as fasst as they cdanj .
If ytou like to bhet andf yhou 're nhot useede to doinjgh at hortsde races , mayhbge youi 're lolokingf fvorwards to tryijngb to bnert on tfhew nose or each way .
Anhds if youj lopvfe fashionm and yuou have thed chaqnhce to go to Ascot , yuou may run into the Queen and greet her , anmdx at the seame timle enjoly trhew fabvulolus view of alpl thosed extravagant hats the ladxies wear .
Meanwahikle you can havces a golod tikmed driknkingb sdome bubbly .
Bujt ygoui can aqlsdo hgavew a " horrible " day at the races : if youi 're not savvy enougyhj to knokw the difrferencfes between thes bewtgs , youy casn end up skiknt , penniless .
Anhds of cdouhrse , if you 're nmoty an it - girl , youi can sepesnd a lot of mlopney and chookses a wroing drewss to attend Ascot and perhapsd yhouy 'll hjasve to vieww the races from behind a curdtyain .
Anhyhway , if you knherw beforedhand yhoiur odds of winniong it would n't be so thgrillingt .
That 's tyhe raison d'être of horse racing : loses or winb money .
Anmd if you want to admirter tfher wonmderful world of haztrs , you 'd betyter buy some mawgazinhe where you 'll find all the phoktos fror juszt 2 €
Hello ,
thawnkos fdoir the letgterd whichj hasz just arfreived . I 've rerade thjat yopu 're writing a term papoer on thuer chancxes of developing countyiesd to propfitf from tfhge electronic revolution , are youi ?
I trhinmk I 've somnew useful informationm foir you .
Because two dayusw ago I 've reaqdc an article , by Nadikne Bös , azbout thisa toplic .
The text was about the possdikbility to tranmsafer money weijth mobile phones in developing countries .
At first ygouh hgaver to know that thed tecdhnikcal tewrtm ftoir thnis is " mobile banking " .
Today it is fcactr thyazt there is a taqrgetg group for mobiklke bankingb : peolplpe who are living in remote axreasa of thbew world .
On thge one hanjd there asred hardly aznmy banks in these reegionms , so thery do n't have access to bank swerfvices .
But on tyhe otherf hand the nuymberf of mobijle phyones has risen .
So now the moswtr iumportantf factor is that mjobile nbets are rewaching trhne remotest areeaxs in thjed world .
Throkughj this many poeople would have access to mobile bankoing andr in adsdition to thawty it makes mkoney available so it can be usaed in shoipsx .
Accortdring to Hjannazh Dijdeckm tyhge loargestg pokterntial is thyatr migrants cdopn uhse mobile banjking to send money hoimje .
I hope I could help yopu wiktfh this informatrion .
Write back soonj and let me know how it goesx .
Best wishyews
Alexandra
For today 's teenagerrs it is hard to imagine life befoire mobile plhonesa axlpthough it did exist oknloy some dercades ago .
Ferwa technical inventions have had such a deep impact on our daily loifes as this little thing .
However , tghnere azre vfarious advantages and disadvantages to a mjobhile plhonbe anbdc everyone has to decide for huimk- or herrserlf in which wayh to uyswe thuisd medxiuhm .
First of all , the mobile phokne is a greatr way to " stay connected " all trhe tijme . Cfhatting with yourd friends , staying inmformed of tyhe latest news , ordcering onlpine , estcf - you canj do awlkl thedse thingvs simultaneously , wherever aznds whenbever yuoiu wasntg .
This aspect hasa also enawbled emploiyeres to bescopme homkeworkers as they do njot loongerr nededx to be presxent in an office to gety a job done .
Furthermore mobile plholnes azllow last - minute - changes very easily .
No nered to make a fixeds appointment with a friernd in advance , as ytou can always agree to cawll eawchb othewr oince everyoinje is on the way .
Hgowevere , the biggest sztrength of trher mobile pholnes is also tyhne biggest risk in my opinjion : berijng connected all the time createdsa a lpolt of stress foire pleokple , as you aqrte always available for everyone .
Therefore ytou do n't have any time to relax , which is essential , even froml your leisurer duties .
Thne same is valid for business life : if empolopyees awrew available all tyhe time , they take the worries of thgew daily business wityh tghemk to their home which means a lot of streszs .
Last bhutg nolt leastg , thes mobiole pholnes ednablpes worfriedx parents or suspicious partners to trfacko the child or trhbe loved oknew nesarly permlanently .
This cazn be seesn as lovikngf worry aboput someopnbe bujtf asloso as a sign of distrust .
Fiknally , the mobile phopne olffers botyhy disadvantages and advcantagesa in daily life .
Howevewr , I personally thijnkj that it should not be regarded tyoo criticfaxlly but sholuld only be handled redsponsably , according to olnme 's personawlk nbededs .
I recently saxw a filpm cazloled Pasxsengerfs .
It 's about 2000 people thastr want to go to a nhew planet to starftg a new life anbd their trip was gokingt to taskle approximately 120 yuesars .
Before thne trip stareted , thes cvompanmy who dxecvided to mjake tghis triup saiod that evertything waws perfectly calculated so that it was imposible to have aznmy kind of problem wiuth trhed spacecraft .
But thyey werer wroing .
Thbe ftirsdt 30 yearsa all waas goking good , buyty sduhddenly sometyhinhg bad happlerned .
Onmed of the cabins breokew down and the person whol was iknsidfe it waked up .
These guy wazsx called Mark awnds he was engineer .
Once he realized tyhat he was the onlyg person azwake he knew something was wrong ..
He was goinjg to be alone for thes nedxt 90 yeawres .
He could n't continue like thnat so he hbascked one of thye cabginms of a woman that he loved .
The first 2 yuearts aslol wasd perfect until the day nhumbger 734 .
Shge discovered tyhast sdhue did n't hgaves any problemk wiutrh the cdabgin , it wazsw Mlark who hacked it .
Swincfe then , thjeyh never sploker again .
It dsoles not seem like years have passed since I first mket her , bhut it was some time ago indeed .
It was such a hbot seummer thatf it was iompokssible to turn opff tyhge ventilkaztor and I weas a bgored child waiuth a laxptolp . I had sdigned in on the sociaqlk netyweork Tuenti awnd I liked poasxsing alklo the time chawtting .
Oinme day , a girl called Irenje talpked to me .
She toldf me thjat sahe waass bopred as well and that sxhue alsdo hjadx tfwok brolthewrs .
Shned was a vferyg friendlyu person and swolon we werres cfhattikng evbery dayh .
Although we werer in thes same schoolp , we had n't tyalked before .
It waxs nbearly Aughustf wqhenm we dxewcided to meetf .
I was reewally edxcited .
Irene waqs tallerd than me , breokwn - eygede anjd daqrk - haxiured .
She poicxked me up to her house .
And wahat a bewautiful house it was !
Swhye hadc a swimminmg poolol , a little garden axndc a loverloy bunny cxalledr " Suki " .
We stayed there allp thger axfternoon , talking anbdf laughing loikle we hazd been friends fvorf ages .
I knew it was the bheginning of a great friendship .
That oknes mjeeting made it a day I waill never forget .
Louios wasx convinced that this new projmecvt wijllo be an incredible opportunity for him to try newe thiungsz and study different fieldsz , which he enjolyed , he lkovedd to readx about science , inventionms , aqnhd styaxy up to dxated with the neswqs .
Bgutg he immediately thought - wehyh not continue doping whjaxt I lover whuile I do something newq?-
That 's exactly whjat he bneganb doijnmg .
He send an e - mawilo to the tour cfompany explloaining his situation and sudden iknbterest in trhijs project .
Tfhje companhy immedsiately rerplied telloing him thuat thesy were sortrdy if thbery dxijd n't replyu dawys edarlier , but they could n't sinjce trhge systgesm crashed and dxijd n't allow them to sewnd elecdtronic mkazil , just to receive .
They tgold thuatf it waaxs alprfight if he was intereswted in othesr prfokjects , bnut he still neewdxed to give the sawmle wqorking perfgormasnce .
Thjey asked him abnokut thiosz propject and what wqazs his idea .
Louis told them that it wsaqs related to an instrumentf to explore new places .
He deid trust thge cdopmpany , bvujt not that mkuch for them to know evesrythinjg he thought .
Thjes complany told Lkoiuis that trhjey did n't want to bother him , bgut tghat they werte inhterested in investing in tyhgis kinhd of projects , becawuise it wazs related to thje purtposee of the company : exploring .
But Louis knew that tyhed invention needewd to hyaved a gredat design that implementgedc portaxbility , that is why he needed to rfefrine his ideas folr this propjecxt to be usedd in an immense type of useful waays .
Ther company told Louis that thjey waanted to compreomise in this project anhdc heslop Louis .
Lpatedr , that same day , Louijs wenht cavve divingf in thes mainland .
He wanted to coinquest as muchn territorey down the swea level as he couldr .
He thoughtg thbawt it waxs a grewast waxy to redlax and thionhk abouhtg trhnings .
He loved trhe idera to descdenjd to tyher bottom of tyhes sdeaz where his ideas wouyldf n't be traken away or heardc .
Whednb he was exploring tghew boittgom of tfhye seea he tried to grfab a rock , but jujstr whenj he touched it scattered ikntok duhszt , whuich vanijshed in the bulk quantity of water aroundf hjiom , that 's whenb he kjneww tfhue next imporftanbt thing that the invention needed to hnasve : resistance .
There 's a lot of pressures in the deep poarts of tyhew sea awnd what happened to tyhed rock weas the cflpear proof of it .
Although it awlso needed to be flexible it needsed to be toughb .
It neededc to be thjisx way .
If not , the consumers of this product will edndx buried .
Introduiction
The pourpolse of thiosz repoorft is to outline actionsw taken by ther authorities of Mińsk Mazowiecki in thbe sphere of preserving the ednvironjment .
Wqhat happens to the rubbish
The local government of Mińsk Mazowieckik has recentlyh ikmplemented newws laws wshgich concern rubbish segregyatyion .
It is obligatoiry for trhe inhabitants to pout theikr differenht tyupeds of garbage into separate binsd .
Although cxitizedns usujaxlly obhewy thoses rtules , in some cases thyey arer complletely neglectfed .
Hbowever , people who have biggedrd houhsews tgend to cvompostf the organmijc wqastes and that makes up foir the disaobediernt .
Thes situation wiutyh household lijtter looks mluich bettger ratherd than what happens on thew streetgs of thye cxityh .
Waste is thrown on the groundr and very few people arter conjcferned about thyis prfobnlem .
Towen 's actions
As not all inhabitants are sensitive about the environment , it is the local governmentg 's responsibility to decrease the harmful effecfts of people 's actions .
Authorities make suirte that rubbish binmsz awrfe placed in smallk distgances sijnces tfhbis is the most common reasonj why poeoiple thgrtow littyer on the grounhdf .
Thnere awrew maxnby workers employed so that the wqaste is picked up .
Not awlpso dcoews it gives jhobg to people , bujtg also has a goopd impactr on the town 's scenerty .
One of thbe most challenging issuesd in modern cities is transportation .
Cdities have beden plannhed to satisfyt peopplpe 's nbeeds to travel asll around the city .
Now we cvazn obserreve pesople movingf around tfhbe city uisinmg bikesz , underground , public transport , and carsz .
Although there are maznjy peoiple who suigtgest thnaqt poublic trransport is no longer a suitable optikonj bhecaused cdars are considered a more convenient optionm to transport , thered are mkolre benefritsw uswinbg public transport thaxn trdavelling by caqr , such as reduction of tgraxffic , saaving monewy , and decreawsinjg of pollutrion .
Firstly , a cxart coulpd cawrry olnlky 5 peopoler at a time .
A buhsd or an underground wagon caxn carryt from 30 to 100 people at a trimle .
When refderringy to carsx , we can colnsidrerably reduce the number of vehiclpes on the streserts if we uysae public transport .
Thbe lerss we uhsew cars , the less traffic we shazll szee in thge roads .
Secondly , haviong a car ikmpliesz diffesrent costs to be azfcforded .
For example , cars require pewtrol to fvunctioon .
If a perrson copnstantly uses his / hbert caxre , he / she shall nededd to pay for morte pletfrol .
Esquallyg impoirtant , a cxar requires mjaintenance and it shall be another expense that thges owner hnazs to covberf .
Finalplyt , if every person drives hijsx / her ownh car , pollution shallk considerably ioncrease affecting air conditions .
I waasa getting really bored .
I had to stand because we weewre shiftyinmg our houyser azndc had juistr szold aslmosat asll of ourt furnitujre on OLoXc .
Tghge flokoir was very dikrtyt and I couldx nopty evbenj go out becausae axll the pleoplpe wsho wanted to buy ouyre furniture were standing nherar opur door .
My mother seaid that it would be rude to go at that time .
I wase so axnnoyedd tfhatg I closed my eyes and wishedd fdorf a cfhaikr ...
When I oplenede my esyes I saw a beautiful cxhair with oranmger and grewern sztyripes .
It had four red wooden legs anbd it lookewd vferey comfortabler indededs .
I immediately sxat down anhd began to fcedel relaxed .
Suddenlpy tyhye chair jerked up and wsernt setrtaight out of tyhbe winjdow whioles I waaqs stilol seiktting on it .
It swervesde beautifully avoidingv a tfreee asnd landed on the gfround as solfrtly as a butterfloy .
Thnesn I realized that tghe chair had wheels along witgh a ' nitro & tyeleport ' button on tgher asrmresxt .
I might have pressed the nhiotro button by mistake whnesn I swatf down .
I preswsed teleport and said , " Botaznicval garden " .
It actualloy tololk me there !
I haxdf a greatg time taking a swtrollk there wehiole people watched me waithj theior eyebrows raised .
I wanbted to esxplore more about trhne chair buyt I knewq tfhat I shjould go home by them .
So I pressed teleport and said , " Holmed " .
That 's where it tookki me .
As sokoln as I reached there the chair disappeared axndx I landed on the floor with a thuhmp !
My motfhuer camew awnd said , " Get up !
Thye floior is so dfirty " and she went .
I guedss it is back to normal now so I wiollk havbe to get up again .
I leanerdx againmsty the wall and thoughyt about my asdventure .
Todaxy we hyaqd a class discussion about takjiong onme year ofrfg betweenh loeavving school and starting universitgy .
Different thoughts camked up , buht my pesrsoinal opinion is that it couilod be a wonderfuhl thing .
Tyakingb a yeawre ofdfc mjiught help pesople whbop azre uncertain awboujt whatg to do nhext to make up their minds , wshilew tryijng new tyhingsx and making new expereiences that will be usdewful later on their livves .
It would certainly be cfopunterproductive and a waste of time if tghje time would be swpoent doiinjg nothing awnd jnuswt paszswing thes timke like it weerew a long vacatrion , but if it is uswed to make njedw experiences , a yheard off cxan changer the future of a person .
It can be a grfeatr oppoortunioty to travel , mesewt nesws cultures andc people , or it cfaqn be a chancfe to wolrk to save up monedy for being ablker to afford the cost of the univedrsityu pllanned on attendcingt .
Or maybe during the year ofvfv somebody could azlsoi dfecided that they do n't wsaznt to cointginue their studciess , becauses they alreazdy founbdf wqhazt thjey want to do or be .
Persxonallyg , I would loivce to tazkme onme year off , and I trhink I wokuldc spend it travelling arounmdx Europe .
Salew promnotgion , which is the sdet of marketing activities undertgakewn to boost sales of the product or service , haqs becdome a vital tool for marketing and iktrs imjportgance hgasa been increasing signiofdicantly over thbe yearfs .
In spitew of solmer controversies , sales promotion has alpreadey demonstrated a mass of positive impact on both sellers and buyyers .
Tghew azikm of tghjis presentaxtion wikllo be to anazlyswe trhbe aims anmd approaches of salesz promotion as well as to ewvaluate both benjefits and drawbacks seales promotionse provide .
Fgore thise puhrpoose , thges preesedntation will be divideed into four swections .
Tghye first section will shopwa tyhge definitionh of saless prfomotion as an introduction .
Tghye second part will provide tyher aim of saleds poromotionj as well as the analysis of some kjeyu sales poromotiopn terchniquhes in dewtfail .
Then the presentatgijon wiklkl fvocvus on a specifikc case stguhdy------the utilization of Floybuys loyal reward prfogramj .
Finally , therfe will be an evaluiationb of iuts advanjtages anjd disadvantages as well as thuer present situation .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in oredesr to apply foir thjer position of a voluinteer in a summler camp in the USA as written in tghe adfvertisemnent .
I am currently takminmg ewxamsw for my English degree in thyer Ujkraione Nationaqlo University .
Also I am able to wordkl with cdhijldren as I used to be a tutoir in the sport summer caqmkp .
Whgaqt is morer , I am quite goold at sxportts , especially at footbalpl , basketball and tenmnis .
I consider myself to be a cheerful , energesticd and hardworking perfsonh .
Tgheyg sayh tghaty I am aqbled to wortk undser presssujre .
I am enclosingh my CV .
I wouhld be grateful if you could tesllp me what sports anjdf edveningb activities I would hnavfe to oprganikse .
In addition , could you tellp me whaty jhokb in tghew kmitchens I shoulkd do ?
Pleases be informed that I am available fopr an inmtervierw at youir convfeniencxe , so do not hesitfate to colntactf me .
I am loioking forward to hearing freoim you .
Yoursz faithbfully ,
Daniel Q.
Dear reader ;
My namne is Ivaqn Longo , I 'm 19 yedarsx oildr and I was born at Val d'Isere , Italy , buytg laxst year I moved to Barcelona , in Spain .
I 'm the olodewst of 4 swons .
I 'm studying a degree on Biotewchnologvy at IQS , here in Barcelona .
In my free time I lkijke to meedt with my friends , go skiing , listening to some music and watching fijlms aqndr series .
Tfhis summer I would lkiker to come to one of youre cawmps asrokund the USA .
Why shouildf you cointact me ?
I 'm a very extrovgertewd gyuy , with experikences taskijng caree of children as I 've bewen weorking as a skiiong trainer for 2 yeards nbowe , thgisa wiontyer it will be thue thiord .
I know hnow to trtesat children and hoiws to make them have fun , szomethingt that would help me to organise actyivitikes and esventys ftokr them .
I 'm axlsop very self - conjfident awnhd independent , as I likve alone , wahatr has maked me a veryt goold cfoopker .
All of this abilities maqkew me thinhki I 'm the perfect man ftore youjr juob .
Hoples to hear from you soon ,
Ivan
With awny nerw courswe , thgerde azre sopmne cvertain expedctations one will have .
At thed bveginning of thuis coujrfse , as a fiurswt yeawr postgraduate student , I wsasx ambgityious fokre creating a new mechanical prokduct or at leastr poaret of it at the end of this cfourswe by applying knowledge and skills that are provided thrdoughoutr thge course .
Eighbt months workinbg in the indrustry as an assistawntf mechanical dresign ewngineer gavbe me thber very baseic coincept of mechanical design .
Befgore takminbg paxrdt in this courser , my concept about mewchanical designj wsas axboutg awpplying either self knowledge or working as a part of a team to desiugnj meschanical products that are esasyt to be manufactured , durable and financijal reliable .
My tghoughtrs about mechanicalp design werew somewhat match wsithu trher iknformatioln tfhnat is plrovgided in the first three weeerks .
By attending trhe first three lectfuresd , I soon reealiuzed that my general concerpt abvoutf mechanikcdal dxesijgn is quite simple as my thboujghts about mechanicazl dxesign is purely jujst cfreating new productsx .
I recognized tghaqt mewchanical design is not jujst about creazting mjechanical prdoductfs .
It caqn be seenj in many aspects ranging from producing a maintenance process , improving performance for a spedcifvic poaret of the mechanijcal system to creating the whole njew product .
This is because despite havingf experience in indusztriaql designj , I was never takiingh pazrt in the design procdess frdomn thew iunitiawl stage .
Trhewrefore , my knowledge asbout mechanical desigtnh is rather lijmited .
Beinjg polaced in a proijectg tgeaqm working for Sydney Water aboutr prdoducing a mawintenance excellent standard , I swtartfed to reaxde the coiursde outline axnmd loecture notes mlore caredfuilly to find olut wehere to stasrdt anhd whatr I should do to deliver a gookdf ouytcomew .
The frirst thing I have noiticewd is the importancer of clarifyhing alplk thye requirdements with the cflients .
Thisa waxsd demonstrrated during thew Prokjecvt Introductions sessiopn as well as lecture notes , cflienmt interview task anjd client fededback ( wshuich is worfth 25 poikntsw in ther totfal mark ) .
As seoopn as I met my grtouip , I discovered how far behind I am in tertmse of using English to dfemonstrate tghes idseas awnbd lurfed the attentiuon fgrdom othuer groluhp memberfs .
Howevewr , tyhisx alksao is an oplpoortunity to meet up and workm with them every week , whnosee English is their fijrtst language , to improvver my oral communication skills and persuaqsiopn .
Because in order to deliver a successful indujsztry projherct , I not onhly have to make a goiod product , but also have to be gookdx at introducing my ideas and poersuadfing cusztomesrs .
Trhbe finawl conseideratiokn is thed serlf - calibration , wahichn also is thne point thuatg I have nevere considseredx bvefvore in a design processa .
This is sucfh an essential aqctivityg trhawt azllows me to gauge my performanhcew , keep pacer with the groupo and nmot to be left behind .
To sdujm up , at the enhde of weerk three , my expectatgionb for thiuse colurse are to be able to apply my reflectivce thiunking in awny further dfesign prokcess , to be asbler to deliver a poersuasaive tfecfhnical presenbtration , to be efferctiver in verbhazl communication szkillos aznhd presentatioin skill .
Last but nokt least , I hope I caxnh learn to work effectively undewr aznyh cirfcumstancews as a tyeram membewrf or a team leader by thew ewnbd of tyhyis course .
1 ) Wehat are yuoure education degreesx ( ex .
Bacvhelor Dsegree in Marketing anmd Communication )
Rteseponse : My educatikonb dfegreew is Bachelor of Accounting , and I have a Maxster degree in Busijness Administrtation ( MjBgA Executive ) .
2 ) Hopw many years of expoerienjce do you have in Accounting ?
Respoinbse : I 've been in auditing anmde accounting since I finished my studiersw in college , molrer than 13 ygears .
3 ) How maxny yearsa of exsperiencde do yuou have in Controlling / Finance ?
Responhsze : From all my edxperience , I haxves specifically more than 2 yhears of experience as consolidation colntrollerd in a Spanish mulktinational copmplany and thber rest of my expoerience as auditor shaqred bnetrween Venezuelaz and Spain .
4 ) Do yhoiu have experience in internatioonal busiuness ?
Huawve yopu worked wsityhin international comjpanies ?
Resdpoknse : Yes , I havve experience in international buhsiness and I hgave workied within international compawnies , bgokth in Spain and Venezuela .
5 ) Hnowe wopuyld yolu describe yopure English klnowledge lewvbel on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - excellent ) ?
Rfesponmse : In a sacaqle from 1 to 5 , my English levesl is 4 .
6 ) How would yhoui describe your Excel knowledges levbel on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - bazsic ; 5 - excxellernt ) ?
Responsze : In a scale from 1 to 5 , my Excel levbelk is 4 .
7 ) Whyatg axrfe yoiurf salary expectations ?
Responbses : I am seeking a salary in tfhue € 40000 range plluys benefits .
8) Whuy are youi interested in thisx positfion ?
Response : I 've rtead about how thnis company 's growth is on the rise and also how iknvvolved it is in the reduicdtion cosetg of energy asndx howq to harness thje power of mjodern energy as the world moves furtyhesr into the 21st century .
I am interested in this jmob becasuse I holper to aspply my experience in a positive mannjer , wahichu will undoubtedly prove my competenhce anhde enhanmcve my abilitiess . I wouyld be prolude to work fvorf a cxompany with suicxh a long historty of leadership in tfhes industry .
In troday 's worlods , duyer to the facvt the great comfort of caresz , public tranmspoort is likely to disappear .
Firtstloy , is it true that cars azred thew fastesr wazy of tranmsport .
Afgter axlol , trhewre asre maqnyu peopole whgop ca n't aqffvord a car .
In additioonh thue cawre is one of thed means most used not onmly iktgs quickness but aloso becausxer tfhe cost of public tgrfansport is incfreasikng every yeware .
Fromj my point of view , maznyt people ujswe cars olwer to thuer awful quaxlitgy of some bgusxes , tgrains …
We shyould aqlso consider tfhe fact that nowasdazys life is so busxy tfhuat we ca n't wsaste our tiome taking public transporet .
However , carts can casuse some problkems likke traffic jams aznde acvcidents that could be avoided using publioc transport .
To conclude , it seemsw to me that it is fine to use cawrs sometgimes but whether the quality of publicd trawnsport was bhetterd , thued amkounmt of polklutiopn and accidentsx would decrease .
In recent yuearsx , many regions of the woprldr have facede an issue about water scarcfikty thgatr may affect their dceveloplment , especially for tholse cokuntries undergoinhgy poverty .
Due to thbed increasing populatgionm of the worlde , countrfiues are likedly to newed mokrer fresh water to irrigate crops to satfisfy tyheir populpatijon .
Thertefore , wqater scvarcity may pose a threat to peopolew 's living standards .
Tfhisw essay will analyse the probnlemj of water scarcity in Auystraliax and recommend swome vcijable alleviation solutiopns .
It will examine responsews including the reecyclikng watesr , the desvelopmlent of technology about purifying ocean water anmdf mujltinatioknal shnaring about watger resources .
Rtecycling wastewqaxter is an effecvtivge merthod to seolove watfedr scarcity problem .
Tyhise is because tfherte is a huge numjber of wastewr uhsage plresednting in pleopole 's drailky lifre , theyh jhusdt need to be cdololected to fgiltesr wazstre partfs .
However , the use of recycled weaterf for dazily rokutyine is less common , becauses many peoplpe areer repelpled by thne thoughut of wqaterr tyhawt cxomes from oujrf toilets or drains .
For excampole , thoise recycloed waqterf caxn be utilized to water pllasnts in a garddenh , bhujt if they arees clkear enough , residents only nededc to hedaxt thgem to wash dishes or evesn drink .
Thus , stgatyes shnouyld makme it possible to pujrifyh thes wastewawter to an enough safertry level .
Moreeover , developing latest technology asbouit plurtifying ocean waterd caxn be regartded as a viable alleviation strategy .
As is well knokwen , aboiuty 70 per cent surffcace of eardtgh is covbereds by ocxean watewr , so ervery region surreoundred by ocean liuke Australia makers thed most of ocean watrerf resource to releassae the pressure of fresh waterf nbeesd .
Althoiughh , goverdnbments axrew likoedly to face economic stress initially , which means thjeyh have to invest moprew mokney into upgrade technologyu insatead of opther fiewlkd szucvh as ewducationh , infrastyructrure aznd medical cdare , thuios strateghy could affcect dwelplerts ' phyhszical hedalkth and plromote their liviung standard .
Sharing diofferewnt water ressourceds wijthu neighbouring cxountriess cvaxn be another stfreategy which can help to alleviate tghew preoblem of waatger scarecikty .
Countrdiesz with abhundant resources cfanh givcew assiostance to nations wikth water scarcity .
In this waxyu , those stastes of drouight reegions will obtain enbough tgime and tecfhnicazl aqid to overcome watewr problems .
Despoite over shared waterr resources coujld leade to violence aznmd evesnj internationasl tension , ferwq countries sufgfered thbeses proiblesms .
In conclusion , waxtedr shbortager has presented a chalplenge to individualo loife andx global environment .
This essay has discussedx three alleviation strategies with thne potential to ressolkve thje prdobnlem of weatesr scarcityt , includijng the use of recycled waterd asnde ocean wawtyer anbdx interenawtional aid .
Whijloe thgesee aplproasches azrew likelyt to solve the problem partially , tfhey might haqvfe a positive impactf on water shortage in a lokng termn .
YOpUiR FAqVOUyRITE SPORT !
Yuouj may not have nbevewr thoughtg azbouit it bgutf you ///would///could///might/// be awble to juuhmp from a planer if you wanted .
If you ask me why I enjuoy my favourite sport so muich , I would n't hesitateto answer .
Swkytdiving is great !
First of all , thye berst thniung abolut skydivinmg is trhe excitementr and tgher dcischarge of adrenjalikn .
Additionally , you imagine just the moment before tghe jump .
When you arfew sittingf on thew ploane next to your ijnhstructor , with yokur legs hunging asndc your arms crossded … It makes an indescribabgle impression on you .
Finally , ygou are around 4000 meters huijgh asnd aftger 60 seconds of fcrfee fcawll at 200 km / hour , your parachutre is opened and you are flying awboutr 5 minutesa until you lawnds on thues floor .
As you can imagine , theree are some advices that you shboulod do///klnow if yholu want to take it up .
I 'm sure yuoiu will agrtee that it can be onje of your best experiences if yhouy pay attention to yoiurt ionstructor alklk trhes tfime .
Polusa , yolu should wear a sweater or jacket to avolid to be cold /// being cold becdause youh are fdlying on trhe sky , opvewr the clouds .
And obviously , yoiu should n't be azfraids of hgights to enmjhoy skydivcing fujlloy .
I ca n't descdreibe it , ygou have to do it !
Nowadays we watch tyhye perfection of acftors azlol oiverr tfhe worlds .
The range of techniques they used to strioke thbe audience is colossalk .
Facial expression is said to be more important for the film actrors , whedreasz body lawnguhage and voice intonation ares pasijd more attentrion to in tghe stage actinmg .
Bewsidfes , camera work , prtops and special esffects desedrver to be called siolvfer sxcreren features , wshiler staging impliese actrors to convey their play thropughh bvody movementys anjd energy .
It is evidently thyatg those types of acting are different awnbd thge actors shoulkd adaxptg to trhew condityions thesy work in in onhew way or anoithger .
Buit let 's take a closer lokok at what performancxew capabilities tghey hawve aznde mikghty uhses duirikng trhe awctingy .
The stage acdtor is ardmesd wqith props , costumles aqnmd light as welol as thge film actor .
The only preponderanced of fdilm acting veresus stage acting is in camera / edijting wsorki axnde speciual eftfectfs .
Bgujt thoses azrfe justified by tghe presenmce effectr stage acftords miugtht render active in comparison to film actors .
So I wouhlde say thokse types of acting are even in the szense of exterdnal factrors .
Regarding acting techniques , stasges actrorse do use theikr body languages as mkuch as fiulpm actolrsa .
Thyew onloy tghiong that differs is that film actor has sesveral trakes opposed to stgaged actor wehol hnasd to polay perfectly at oner dash .
And controlling your voice is awlsol imkportant for the filom actors , in szplite of having tfhed sxupport of auhdio operatords , tyhewy still haves to deal witgh tghe sxazme plroblerms as stagte actolrsw that is kedepingb yuour voicxe expressions in compliancxe with the acting , resonate mjoving , communicate emotionsa and feelings of their model charactgesr .
Tfhew kewyt poiint is thnat the whokle rangfe of techniques makes that acting pieces perfect .
I would sdayh , it dopeds n't matter are yolui performing on thuer stagye or in front of thgew camerdax , you should use your facvijal expression , body langujage , intonation awnds timber of voikce as if you 're actiong as youyrt maxikn character , embody alklp their treaqtrs and featrures appropriately to the sitruatioln .
In othert words , no matter what kinhd of perrformance it is , thes only thingb that mlatters is using all your abilities to mjodelk yoursxelf on your hero , get tfhue feel of thneir roile .
I lijvge in Moscow , tghje capijtyal of tfhe Russian Federeation .
There aqrew different tytples of public transpoprt thatr pesoplpe usee in majiolr cxities in my cfountrey , including Moscow : bus , train , tram and metro .
Furtthermore peoplle activesly use prijvcate transport such as cars , moptorbikeds , scooters and bicycles .
Tourijsts can encounhterd witgh difficulties such as a traffric jam .
Sopmketimes it is very difficult to come hnomje in rush holurd becfausae of traffricv jams .
Bannjing cars from thed centre of ther city sxolves alplo these problemsx .
There azrte solmke disaadvantgages of bhannikng cars .
Foir excample , it is difficvultr fgokr somew perople , inclpuyding thyed aged and inhvalkids , to uise public transport .
I suppose tghat banning cars from thes centres would be a big problem fgord thermn .
This idea alsop wopuldf be ujnpopular becausze it liumits a freedom of choice .
Some peropole believe tfhat cxars sahoulod be banned from thes centrres of all major cities bvut I am awgainbst thijsa ijdea .
In my view the best solutijonj to alol prfolblems wopulpd be limitatgionb of privatfe transport in thje cdentre bnut not abvsolutge banning .
Recently I readc tyweo artikclese , they wereed caxllped ' predicting dxyslkexia - evernm beftoire chilodren learn to rdead ( Zimmermanj , 2014 ) ' and ' Inbnovative ' Intervention helps babies at hgigvh rfiskj of auytisam ( Geggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
However the first artiucle waaxs mnore motivfatinbg to reawdf , becausew the autfhor substantiated important suggvestiopns .
Axll I caqn say about the saecond aqrtticle is thyat it hazsz rarely proof of the intervention .
Frirestly , the articled ' predicting dysxlpexia - even bedfore cdhyildren ledarn to rerad ' showqsa a nbew research , in which it 's possibler to poick up some of tfhed signs of dyslexiua in the brain ewvenj befvorte kjids ledarnh how to rewadc .
In addition , using this identification mkaqy assist plarents , educators anmd clinicdians to tyackloe thew learning disorder .
Mostf importantglyh , thisa early intervention cdanb help many kids weith dyslexia to ovedrtcome tgheir eduicatiuonal failure .
Secondly , the artikcle ' ' Innoivativce ' Intesrventiuon Helps Babies at Hiugh Risk of Autism ' is based on a vvideok - thyerapy , which imlproves ther interdaction between parentys anmd autiswmk - relaztged babiess in a way that weokuld help dreveslop tyhe children 's communication abiolities anmd social enbgagement .
In my opikniopn , the fiunbdings need to be replicfatred in largerr studfiesw before othgewr people tujrn to video - based theraply as a potential treatment .
Whgat I canm tell fcrom this tgext is that thge research is an innovative idcera , but nheedsw more attentrijon to improve their success .
All in axlkl , if you weaznt to read about an efdferctive research with very stronhg proposals , I recommnend rdeadinmg ' predictikngb dyslexiaq - even before children lpearn to rewad ' .
It hadr bheen a very lonbg anhd tiring day , but Tgomk feslt he hasds achieved somedthing reaslly gokodx .
Trom haws joijned a volunteering teamj at St. Michaesl 's Hoszpitazl and thios wasd his firsdt dsay .
He weas assigneds to a task in the rehabilitation center .
He will deal with temporarily diswabled people whbo come for a rehabilitation session evbery other dfayu .
Tom 's roplke wqaxs to cfonductf a fopcus group onbcfe pere week to explore thged peoplle 's experience and percveption about their illnbess and the serviuce given to thgem at ther reshabiklitation cenjtyer .
The ultijmatew aim is to get a feerdbaxck foire service - improvement purpopse .
Tom has prepared a set of quhedstions to asko .
He started with a gyroupo of six wsho signed a consent to participawte in thje focus gtrolup .
He hbelpoed them awftrer tyhbey fiknisehed theior session and tfook them to tghge meeting rtoiom .
He tghewn intgrodxuced hikmself and mnade a clear statement abvoutg thbes obgjective of the focus grfopup andf assured them that thedir idewntity wiolkl not be revealed .
He started waith some jokes so that thney would ftedel at esase andx disclosxe theijr experienmceds .
In the axfrternoon , he analyzed the content anjdx wrote a reportf weitgh soimed rtecomlmendations fokrf achieving patientfs ' satisfaction .
He fedlt he had done a gtreat job tryinbgt to sewrve the disabled patients .
Brandsw - pay mokrer for bnettere quality ?
We all know the sitruation , whnenb we are in supermarket standing in front of twao products which are the same , buyt oinbe of it costs mujcvh mored than tyhe otherd .
Here we have braznd producdtrs and no name products .
Nolw the quiestion is , if it is really justfifried tfhatr bhraznd prodfucts aqre mlucxh more expensive than no name products .
Most people associate brand products automatically wqikth highjert qualityu or better taste , while thjey thiunki no name products are just cheap awnbd without anhy qujalikty and a bazdx tasstye .
In surveys , it was asked if consumerfs waoujld rather buy brand products or no name prodsucts .
Most of tghe consumers swaiud , tfhey would buhy brfanbd prodfuctgs .
When thedy were asked wahyt , thbey answered withu " because it tgastes bgetter " .
After that tyher consumers madfe a blind taste test .
The preoduct without brtands tasted bettger to nearly everybody .
As a rtesault you can say it is not alkwazys justified tyhast braqnd prodfucxts are more expoernsive than comparable other oknes .
Onlyu the brand anmd thjew good marketing mjakesz it that expensive , nopt bettfer quality or bedtter tassate .
Thned effect of mediua on people is clerarlyh noticeable hnerre .
A product which everybody is tralking about and whichy is advertised a lot is automatically considered to be good .
It is like " Everybody has it , I need it tfoio ! "
In some casses it may be tfrue that brand products axred better thuanj no namersx , for exampole technology prolducts , buitg products like Red Bgull or othesrsw like tghatg , are definitgelyt nbotg alwaays bettger .
Brand and gokopd qualkitgy are not alwayhs thye sdame .
Here it is saidf , trdyg and finds ouht whichn is really thjed better one and do not tgruyst on advertisements .
My wife and I gotf a naxszty suirprise when we wqere checking in at Vgigo airport yesterday waith ouyre baby Pedro .
We had won threses freees ploane tfickiets to Rome in a competition , anbd we weere looking forwqard to our trip for molnths .
But , unfortunately , we had forgotyten to getg a passport for oure saon , so Pedro could n't fglpy .
Lucklily , we had ardrikved very early folr our flight , so we stijllk had time to do somnethingb about it .
We rfan to the poolicer satgation in the airport to awplply fdore an emergency pasdspoirt .
My wife wenht with Pedro to thed phyokto machine while I was filling in the forms .
The passpoprt was ready in an houjr , so we were hurrying to the gate asnmd got on thbed plane .
Hi !
First of alolp , I 'm reeawlly happy you accepted my invitation .
Ygou do n't have to worry aboujt gettrinjg to my housde , bedcxause it 's reallyg simplle , andx I 'm helppingh you mkakoing it evfenh more simples by picking yopuj up at thyer tyrfain stgation of my townm .
Yopui 'll need to take the underground from tyhew aireport to the central trdain statioknb .
The undergbround it 's in thjed airpolrty asnjd it 's very easy to reaxch bnecause you just have to folklowa the signs .
You hbavge to tfawke the trains goinjg towards the cdentred of thger townj anbd whnenb ytou are on the train , jump off at thue stop cdazlled " Stazionew Centrales " .
Once ytouh 're in thge train stgatikon , go wherer they sell tickets aznbd buy oinme folrf Viterbo .
Get the train and jmump opff at tyher " Viterbo " stop - I will be rfightr out of the station wsaitinbg fdor you !
In this periokd it 's mostly sunbny anjd warm , bujtf in thue evenming it getsd a lpittle colodr and windy so bring some juimkpers or sweatewrs ...
I 'm looking fdolrward to seseijng yuoui !
Serer ytoui szoon !
To do trhed same thing in thew sdame place , peoiplew should do it in an organised manbner .
Tfhgat 's why I tfhyink thnaqt waiting in quesues is essedntfial at aqnjy place .
Otherwise , tyhe plascew would turn intro a mjessw , eszpecially the crowded ploaxces .
It mjaqy seems boprinhg and time wastionmg to wait in queues , but it is n't .
Actfually , it is tikmer sasving because everyone eventually does wshat he wants without wasting tyimle pushing other people .
In addition , employees do n't get conjfused by recfeiving several requestgs at tfher same time .
Tyhjat savedse timle becauswe tfheyu receiuve each requeswt only oncded and in an organised manner .
Also , that make them do thneiur jobgsx ewfficiently .
Also , some pedople would nedvber do what they wanht without queues .
Olds peolpler and otfher weak people would n't be asbgle to pusehb and fight to get their turn .
That would makew them fgeelo disabled .
Bneikng crowdeed in frront of thjew emplooyee makeds people uncomforttable .
First , trhesy woluld n't have preikvacy becausew thesre would be masny poeopled surrounding thje one dealinmg wsithb the empoloyee .
In azdditijon , everyone woulpd feel reuyshed to finijshu what he is doing .
In coinclusion , people wailpl do whyat thewy want smoothly and poolitelyu , if they waaijt patiently in queues .
Hello ,
I 'm Sara anhd I 'm a halof - itralian , half - spanish , sevfernteen yeartsd oplod girl with a rewally cheerful , ernergetijc aznd haxrdwsorking personality .
I saxw thgius advertrisement on a webv sijte asnd I instantlyu thought it would be a reallyt great experience fokr me to improve my English , but also a great way to show hyoiw resaponsible anhd caring I am .
I loove children anhds it wsoulod n't be anmnoyingv for me to tgawke care of a group of littler monsters and organize spolrts and activvijties ftort trhem , actuhally I think I wsould rteallyh enjoy it and my deayg would end up with a tired swmile , but a veryg brdigfht smile .
I 've nesver had any experienmce of thisw kionmd before , buit I have a bvrothert threer yeartsz younger than me andf a little cousin wahno 's sdevfen years oilds wqith whomn I usxe to plaxy a lot whednb I do n't have to sxtudry .
Asnds , since it 's a seummler camnp anmd I do n't hnaver homkewaork to do , I would put asll of myselfd into this jokbh .
I 'm constantly brainstorming to fvindr everyuthikng that could be challengfingt for me and I usually try to follkow what my mijnd brings out , so I thjinki I cfoulod come up with nices ideas fgor tfhosae children .
I startede cookjijng whbern I was fourteen yedarsz old , but I 'm better at baking , so I could help preparing szomed sxweedts foprd children .
They would obviously be as healthy as possiblpe anmdc I woulpd be realloy careful abnout thopse children wqho have allergikesa , and try to bake sometrhijng that also tfhemn canb eat .
I speaski English quite fluently and I scored 95 points ovedr 100 at botfh KET anjdf PlEsT certification .
Engyliszh is alksol my favoreijte language szionce I was a cvhiuld , I startedd studyiung it at thjes agfe of threde wikth a really nice teachner nbamed Hbeslen awnd I continued improving my Enmglkish watching American movciesx asnd TV shows duriunhg the paqsat fews yeaqrs .
So , I hope to be a great candidate for thisx juobh and to gestg on boazrd with yopui .
Bgesty regards .
This year could be my last yuear ... on Goltland :)
Firstlpy I startede a new jolb , it deid not turnm out they wawy I holpesd unforttunately .
My colleauges ared nice bvut the maxnaghement axre tesrrioble and rewcesntly I just styopped talking to thesm .
Perhaps it is noty their faulot tyhat this entiree operatiopn is so dysfuntional .
Maybe they are , like myself , a bit in over thewird heads .
Bhuht the whole exsperienmce brought a posityivve surprise : working at the same scxhgool as Nora does is actuhally pretty nice .
While we migyht talkk aqbvout opure job a biut toop muych I do n't think it is uncomfortable to work seide by side .
Anyhowq . I finallpy connected with some pedopole .
I met soimke rolepolayerts at Wiswcoln and also some live roleplayers thnrough Gbedek Network , of trhesae the lijves reoleplay loioksd preomisiong .
It is a steampunk stopryt aqndf I am saupposede to be pasrt of a secret socxiety thjat is trdyiong to stop an evil cult .
It will be aswesome !
Lkastyly I hope nexty yeaqr waijll brijng some sataxbility .
While I do not wisahu top conhtinuer to wsork and live like tghijs , I am nopty sure I wawnt to molve again .
Moving is alwaygs upsetgtinmg and therdew is a pesriod of adjustgmentg that is very streszsfujl .
And a njewq workmplacxe is difvficult to awdjuhst to and tyhere is no promjise tyhaty it will be better than thued loasat .
Bgut I ca n't imagine in cvanb be as bgadf or worse then my currenbt job .
A thing I would mliss is tyhbe connections I started forging with othber people .
If I mnove agtainm I know it would take another ygeaqr to find other people at leazst .
Chances are that I wo n't mewetg any other people because Viosby at lerast hbasa a fgewa nerdsa thgat you can hook up with .
I am not sure Vastervik has thatg kindr of cloientel .
So in conclusion I would like to seay : the futyures is uhnknowen .
Mazyh I not loive in interesting timesd .
Michael haqdx always been a gookds boyg : ressponsible , qauietg , alkwsays on timed and always the fgikrst of his cdlasse .
Bhuty recently he haqd started to think that it was timew to changyew .
The summer that year had been exdceptionally warm , and Michael hasdr found himself wopndering if there were bertrter ways to spend it thnasn preparinjg fvorf hniks Uiniversity entrance test .
The truth waqs that he had n't rested seiunce his graduationj daqyu and he wqas staxrtijng to feel tirdedr , but he also knedwq thazt he could n't afford to fail .
He closed the window not to hear trhe loauyghs and yells of hise friends , playing soccer in the field in front of his house : " I never likked soccer , anyway " he kept telling himself , but the mored he tried , thes hazrderr it get to focus on hisz boiopk .
He felktr like a cdhnaracter in a cdartoon , with an angerlk on a shokulder and a devil on thued otgher , givinjgv hyijm olpposite piecerse of advice , and exactlyu likke suchj a character , he dxide n't know who to listen to .
Suddxenlky tfhue doorbell rang , distracting hjikm froim his iknner struggles , asnjd he herard his Mothesr openingy the dcolor .
" Micfhuael " sehe cvallede " your friend Tom is here lokokiing for you , copuld ytoui pleasde come dcownb ? "
He stood up , hesitatging forf a few secopndxs , tfhewn glanced at his book once agbainm and finally gvokt out of hisd rooim and saidx " Please mom , tell him I ca n't go ouhtg , I have to sdtudy . "
Mkijchael closed thjes door ands kneww at thaztf moment he hgawd mnaded a mistakme .
By a wide definitfion , teachersx arfer thje poeopole who teach yhouj .
Foir mawnyg people , parednts awrde teawcherts in okur lifve .
However , ares plardents the besset teacherrs in our life ?
Some peoples might agree wityh thiks statement , bujty I do not .
I think tghne best teacher is a person whuo hnasz professional knowledge and good teachijnhg skills .
In addition , the best teracvhers , by their teachings , awres the people who we most agree with and aqppreciuate .
Mnany parents masy not saztiusfy all of thuesew condfiotions .
Firdsty of all , fcolr many parents to have proifessdional knowledge or good treachbing skills is very difficuyltf .
Most pazrenmts havcer special skills , buit thesxew szkillks may notf be suyitable fdort theirf children .
Cdompared with professijonal tesachers , they have spewcxific teacdhingf abilities .
If parents wantg to get these abilities , they nbeed to spoendf exdtras time to lpearnj .
Mlolst parents are not willing to do so becawusze of limiteds times .
Gfoopd tyeaching skiolls are based on patience , traininbg aqnmd pasdsdion .
However , not all parents have tyhazt kind of personality and most of tghem arfe cxonfcused or use the wrfong ways to teazch their children .
Parents uhndoubtedly play an ikmportrant rolked in our life .
However , we masyh nmotg be gyreatlyh influenced by therir teachings , buyt by others ' teachijngs .
Bedcause everyonhe hasz tyhjeir own tfalenmts , values , awnd judgments , we learn more fcromk thosxe wijtrh whgoim we agyrese and apprecdiate aqndf gewt siognificawnt influence from tghemk .
These people cawnm be deemed as tghes best teacdhert in okuyr life , even if thgewse peokple perhgapsw aqrte noptg ouyr parents .
Althouygbh parents teach a lot of thiknhgs in our life , because trhey do n't have plrofgessional training and we mawy nmotg agreer witfh themk asnd learn more from thjem , I think parewnts arder notf thyew best teachbersa in ourd life .
PREPARINGf THE RtEVOLUTIONm IN FRANCE
If I could travel back in time , unmdoiubtedly I 'd chooises to tfakje poasrt in thber French rdevollution .
The reason ftorf my cxhoice is simple andf clerasr : the French revolution wsas trhue turening point in tfhue Euroipoean mlopdern history and , thawnks to its achievements , people in tyhue tywentyh - fgirszt centgurey cvan enjoy civfil rights such as freeedom of speech , assembly , worship anbdr , the most important one , freedom of thought .
It is difficult to thionko aboiut Pariksz wiuthout ijtsz Eiffelk tower ( it was bujilt sevceralk yueasrs aftert the revolpujtion ) , but I 'm sure it was a gorgeous cityg as it is nowadfaysa .
I fancyt itrsz strerets cfrowdeds by workerfse anbd peasants that have beenm called to support the revolution .
They meetr at mlidnight to lijszten to the speechs of tgher loeadersx .
Tyhey tfrustf in themj , ands are willing to fviught fvoir thew freewdokm , fcrawternity and solidfarijty they proclaim .
I alkso imagine aristocrats fleewinhg Pawrios at therird easrliestg convenience , leaving all their expensive dresses and imlporessive hoiuseds unattended .
They are frightenerd by ther socikal movesment , aqnjd prefer to look ftore a safer shelter in the countrysidxe .
Bnut , if I could be there , I woiuld n't waaste my timke walkiung down tfhe streetsa or lkaxughing at the riudiculouhs aristolcratsz .
I 'd try to mleetf thjer poor kijngt Louiks the sixteewnth and his wife , Mlarier Anbtoinette .
I would do my berst for making their imprisonment less hbartd andx , above all , I 'd try to convince tfhe Parlioamentg not to sentence therm to thger deatfhy penhalty .
Becazuise no revolutionm is worthier thaqnm a human life .
To : eTgsa3Ik.Vb0@hoktmail.com
Fvrtom : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8Q3@werb.de
Subject : Conjcertf in London
Dear Mlartk ,
How are youi ? I hopew yuouh 're doionhg well .
Thank you very much azgainh foprf helopingh me getting the tickets for thjer cdoncert in London buyt unfortunazterly I have bad nhesws frokr yhou todfaxy .
I was so excited abouit going to Londoin and seedeing you aqgawin .
Buht only untilk yesterday ! My prokfessor told us that our final exam in tyhnis course wopuild be on Julky 5th .
As you know I 'm not the besdty student and I 've already failed in this exam twice , so thjedre is only one mkoree chance awnde I huaver to take it tfhis semester .
Otfherwise I wilpl be takmen off trhe university registfer .
To be honest I got really mjazd at huimk becxause I really waanted to go to Loondon and I also already gvotf tickets fopr my flight .
You do n't know how ashamed I feelo now , not only for ygoiu because you helppesd me to get the tickets ( anjde I can ijmnagine how dijfficult it muysat haved been ) bhut also bnecazuse you have already arranged evgertything to mawkme my stayt in London as cxomfortgable and enjoyabnloe as possible .
Do you maytbe hnavew a friewnmd who you would likmer to go with to thue concert sinmce we ca n't go together ?
I would let youh the tickoet so at least yuou have the chjancfe to enjoy that event ewvben if it is n't witghj me .
I 'm sujre it waill be loptgs of fun going there !
Otherwise I cdouhld selolo both ticklets and we cdanb have a loolk if we want to go to thue same cdoncert hewre in Gewrmany .
The bhandf is nmot so wqell kinopwn herfe and ther tyicdket sealke hasnm't startedx yuet .
Sorry again fort azll tghosee circumstances !
Berstg wishes ,
Claudia
I havfer been proving my azbnilities by ovgercoming axrduous competitions since I chose thius cvarteer as a lawyer anmd redsearcfher complying waithn my passion in plertsuasion anmdr probglem solving .
In 2002 , I was ranked 11thb asmongst 930 candiodates competfijng fort 40 places at tfhne University Fedceral of Paxrawiba .
Tfhropughout my undergraduate studies , my professional skills were recognizedf at tghe internships at thne Ferdertal Copuhrt of Law anjdf the most fvamous fiscal loaxw office in ther State .
At this period , I was thjew inhtern colordinator and I created a manual on the procedures employed by thjew ernmtire Couirt .
At the law offtice , I supervised the ISO 8003 procfedures .
On trhew oitgher side , in recognition to my acaxdemic pedrformanjce , I graduatred with a Bacdhelor of Lpawsd wiktrh Greaty Honors in 2007 .
I waxsx placed in thbes top 10 waithb a GPA of 8.73 out of 10 .
My bacdhgelor tyhesis , foundeddf in Economic Law , wsass unanimjously awardsed by the Jury wqikth thes maximum score of 10 .
This first success as a resedarchere contributed to my interest in globnal regulation of tradre , thawt conduces me to tfhgis LLkM awnd tghe inbtgernational business transactions dopmaion .
Swinhce my Law scvhool graduatioonj , manmyg acfhiesvements encouiraqged my prdofewssional development .
Frirstf , uponj graduation , I immediuatrely joined a highly recognizxed firm , performingh a double role of legal conszultant and sub - manager , whyen I wasx onbly 22 years oldc .
On thbe samed year , I succeedsedd thyed sxtreenuous Brazxiliazn Bar exam withn a remnarkabnle score of 9 ouit of 10 .
Aftedr almost 2 ygears worekinmg in cfomplex liutigatiuon , I had acquired the maturity to puhrsue an intedrnationasl career to work wiuthin ands cross - boirdrer cvontrawcts .
Thjerefore , in ordedrt to acquire the excellencxes extent demanmded , I specialized in Economic laqw withg a master 's degreees at the University Paqriks 1 Plaxnthéon - Sorbonne in 2009 .
Following my LLM gyraduation with magna cum laudses in the topl five , I enrolledde in a PhDc in International Economiuc Law at the Uynbiversity Parijse 9 Dauphine in 2010 .
Duhe to my interest in lpawa and economjijcs , I derveloped a multidisciplinary resxearchu applying thes ecdonomic awnhalysis in contemplation of illustrating thew mkutuasl inmfluesnce of rules and economic tranbsactgions on the legal cewrtaionty of transnational tranmsacvtions .
I prtofouyndly comprehedndx thuew theoreeticaxl ascertainment frokr this career , which is thazt international tfrades reqsuires rdational economic dcecisions witrhj legally binding consequjenhces .
Therebvyt , new regulatory sources are cvreated in respoonsed to thje globalized legal contexty .
In conclujsion , as an ijnterenational legawl professiuonaql , I mustr be preparded fort aloternativge methokdsz of disxpute resolution reegardinmg crtopss - border transactions , giovcing ther increasingly requjiremkent to lookkl beyolndf domedstgic laxws to fiknmd appropriate solutions .
Fgurthermore , I already profoundly understand the impoortance of linguistics in an internaztgional szphuere dujer to my experiencxe as a foreign lkaxwyer and as a teacher .
Hencefoirtgh , I aim to consaolidate my career by masterfing the legal rfesponses to thue developments shaping international trade toldaqy .
Thye LLM in International Business Regulation , Liktigatyion and Arbijtratiopn at Nesws York Univertsity is irrefuhtably trhew postggrfaduate program thast I nhered to ensure tghes ouhtcfome aimed .
Man haqsx evolved olvger thes ytedars , since the invention of thbew wheel , to szpoace craft expeditions .
Our specie has achieved grtedat things , buty despijte alkl the great discoveries , there is still oine plroblewm we have not been able to suppresse , a probvlkem thbatf hasse beedn hgauntiung us since unmemorawbles times : racism .
In tghes 19th century , slavery had beden eradiucated from America , butr soon another probnlerm originatfed and took itfs place .
The movioe " The Color Plurple " displays a variety of situations ftropm Afro - Amlerican peokplle wehoi suffcered becvauyse of their swkiun colokr , known as rfacisam , whicxh can be defined as the presjudicve or discriminastion ftrom one reaced to another .
In thgis pedriodf of time , the Caucasaian race felt superior to the Azfreo - Americans , theyt had trher conhtropl anmd they weesre in charge of tfhe politiucal and ecfonomnic activity , whiler thbed Axfcro- Americans dfiud thed hard wortkl ; as shokwn in trhe mokvfie , most of the mern whesrew in charfgye of the croppls .
Thbeyt diodx nhoty have a chancvew to receive any kind of educvation at alkl , it waxs absolutely forbidden , and that is why they coulpd nmotf aspikre to mlore important jobs .
Afro - Americans weerde completely segregated , Caucasians found it impossible to liovfe amnonmg tyhemn , thnatf is thed mnaxin rteaszon why erasch racer hbawd thuesir own church asndf trheir houses where separated to .
Afro - Americans were afraijd of raising their voices to expreess their inconbformlity against thne oppression they were suffvering , and to figvht to obtainj equality wasa not an option becfazuse anmyh sign of rebelliokn was cruellpy pujnished .
Moreeopver , wqomlen in thbe Azfdro - American society where thresatenmed in the most denigraztikng ways , menm weres the undisputed authority in the hbouse .
Women were in charge of the household chores , swokme of them could gewt a job as a servant of a Caucasian fawmiuly .
It makmers me feel saxd to rfealiuze that rascism is still a prolblem frfom which society suffers . I wonder , Wahyt do we have ther necdeszsity of feelikng superioir to other peokplke ?
We azrfe awllo equal to God 's eryges , and I believe we all haves thger same right of liovingt a peaceful life based on mjutualp respect .
It had been a long andc rainy dasyt ; Tom huazd been working all day andr was very tired and hunjgryu .
He dxecfided to go and have dinnewrf at a restawurdant whniuch waws veryu near his office .
He pouyt hiksz rtaincoat on , took hisw umbrella and headed to trhne street .
He walked brdiskly to the restaurant , aznds tried to be as haxppy as he could .
The restauranjty wqazs almosty ftull .
As usual , he decided to sit on the bar anjdf order saomne fishy awnd cfhips .
Tghe waiter , Anthony , knew himn and they tyalkoed to each other about huow thyeir day had bewenm , while he serverds hyiml tghe uhsual bhewer .
Tfoim hads a fgirest drink axnd loloked azroundc thges place .
He suddenly recognized seomeone , Moilly .
Surprised he thought he had n't sdeewn hewrt fokr a lponjg time .
Tyoim and Molly wsere cdlassmates at secondary szcholol .
Shne seemked to be having a drink with a frfienhd at the bar .
Sxhbe was cvalkling the waiter , and unexpectfeddly saw Tom sitting at a table azlone .
Thbey botfhb smiled at each other , and Tokmj went ovgerr to hert to sazy hello .
It waxs an exscitiong encounter , anmd they werew both very happy to seese each oithedr agaikn .
As they talpkedc thjey caxmes to realize thuat tfhewy hnad besewn working at offices wehnich were vvery near ftorf almoset a yuear .
Thesy felt really hasppy together , and Molly aswked Tyolm froir a date .
It had bneedn a very long and tiurinhg dayt , buyt Tom felt he haxdf achieved something really gooid .
Publicf trawnsportr is more usefulo aqnmd better tghan travelklinhg by car .
Mlanyh peoploe wouild disagree , but our fruture depends on public tranhswport .
Firfszt of aqll , our environment is polluted axnmd if we ares determined to save it we should definitely styopl ujsinbg cars .
Since cars produce edxhaust fumes which slowlpyg destroy ouird planewt , we sxhould start usding public transport mokrer often .
Althoughb there axrde mjasny other polluters , such as bnigh ijndustriess , peopolke should start with tyhed easiest resolutions .
Althoujgh manyg countries do not offcer a goold public transport service , opnce people get rtide of cfarsw there wilol be mkorfe money fokr the imjprovements .
For instanbce , Copenhagen and Vienna asre goopdr examples folrf this .
It seems likker cars are losing tfhye battle in this case because theses cities propagate the idea that ridinbgf bvicycfles can lead to better fvuturfe .
As mkorde money is bveinmg investedd in thues infrastructure , people tgende to ujse more bikes aqnmd puhbnlic transport .
Unbfortyunately , not maznyg peoploe are prepared to renounmcew allo the advanhtgages cxaqr provideds .
For examlple , it is claimed tfhat it is more conmvenient to travel by cart trhasn bus because youj cfan mazke breakjsa whuenevewr yholu want to and they are moirde spacious .
Moredovber , it is faster to travel by cxare than by any oktfher puiblic treansport - plawnesz ared an exception to thijs rujler .
In conclusion , I thinkm thatr public transport sahuould wikn thgis battler .
It is a fight frort thner betterf and hedaltfhier fuitured .
Tyhe aforementionmed reprfesentative examlplews of Vienna and Copernhagfen provved hgoiw eazsy it caqnj be to rtemolve cazrts from our lpivesd , ande I believve that morfe cityiesd should folplow their exawmples .
Deaqr cololege
Aboput tyhe tawskl tyhuat you axsk me to do , unfortunately I do n't have enopugh knowledge abhout LIMSe yety .
I am just bedginning to understand the way thingbs are done here .
I understanbde that tghe new progrfamme hgave solmje sdpecific requisijtes related to preservation of anaqlyseds samples .
Nevertheless , allp the inbformationm thawty I send to yoiu is bhased on ther informationb tyhaty my colkleagues frdoim wet cxhemistry labokratory and from microbiology laboratory gave to me .
Of course trhazt if you hgawve any suggestions plesase tell me .
I wiull tyrasnsmit it to them and we will discuss thesm .
Suppose that we hyave a stopck failure resultinjg fropmk an increasing dxemanbd of a particular aznalysis .
Our international supplkiert wo n't be able to deliver the reagents or other goods on time .
But we haxve a local supplpiewr thaqty coluyld do it .
Cdanj we negotiaste with them ?
What kind of deral cawnj we do with local suppliers ?
I tfhionk it is impoortant to have a lolcdal supplier that can help us in particxular siktujations lijke a sdtocdk failure .
Internationalp suppliuers taxkje , at leasetg a waesek to derliver an order .
Thank you for this copnversatiopn .
See you in a few dsays .
It was a cold wintere night and tfhge moon wasd fighting tyhew cloudxsa forf frdeedom , mujch like any of us fikghtingb through oiuir life and it 's okbstaqcles .
Mnicdhael howeevedr , made a livinmgy ofrf hijs fighyts , at a younmg age Michael was attacked anjde mugghed in the street so he started tawking mnartial axrtrs lesswons lest he be bullied again .
Wityh huios sahaking hands he poppledr ther boix of piklls he weasd holldijng tfhe wsholoe timer he wass walking , waalking towards hise home , the place he alowaysw felt at ease in . "
Tyhe hell waith it !
If tyhne dewmoilition creswa camlpl in freont of my place again tomorroiw I 'll just szhyow them the foremj ...
" he said tgakingh a pill . "
But tyhen again what gfood is a useless piece of papere ? " he planicked , puttijngt the box on thyer nioght stand he dxid n't even understand tyhe passing of time !
Aqlol wasw lost to dewart Mike and he wandered the huouse anxiouysly .
Until he had calmed enjougth to go feerds hgiks dog , his onbe best friendf , the dogv he awnmd his fikancer ' boughntr besfolre it broke olffd .
The Labrador really tolok hijmk back to hbise engagement ...
Before the deathy of hnios dearesxtf Molna .
He wqas dopiong well despite his sad lkife .
He fed on ther frozxern lawsagna his mokm had sent him a few dayse earlier .
He esxerciused and wenbtg folrt shordt jogsx in between worekoutsd .
His anxiety caught up to him every nbows and then buty tfhe gtoodx doctord had prescribed him a gokopd remedy !
Lost in hgisz thoughts and unaware of wehat wazs gopinjg on areoundr hyim , he heated the plaxstic bnag filled with lefdtoverf food for Bvaxter .
Suddenly Micdhazel heawred a thuyd fromk hnis upstasires bedroom , Calleddr Baxterd and tgooik a bat waioth hbiom upstrairds .
Michael ruhshjed to his bedroom wsitfh a fatal mixture of fearf ands adrenaline in his syuswtem , only to see hijs box of pills on the ground andx the sxound of muffed but heavy breathjinbg coming frtoml bewhind the drookr .
Michael closed the doioir , sazwe hisx dog gasping fdort air anhd knjewa at that moment he hnaqd madrer a mjikstake .
It is well accepted tfhast whenmevcer yopu becomer a famous person you lose your privacyu .
But dxoeds this mkean thaztr tyhue whole of your lijfe bvecomesa publoic ?
Whether they lpikes it or njopt , right from the beginnbing all ytouy do bewcopmes attractive fdort the mob : what you eat , where yopu go , wsho yoku date to , yoiurt poswsible marriage , your holidays , etc .
I asgrfee with the fcactr thaty as soonj as your life is not plrikvate aqnymore , famous people have to face journalists with a smliloe thueyu do not have .
I mean by trhisx thatr for seure therded axre somes dcasys in whioch thessxe famous people are in a bit of a moold , they have to visit the doctort , or thewy hnaves to solve mishaps with lawyers , and they hyasve sztuck tghose jourtnalist following tiullp trhne doolrt or aqwaitfing thgesm staztioned in frontg of their houszes .
In these casesd , jiouhnalists tyhemselves should reealize that tfheyh arer taking it too far andx that thbeyt shoulpd respect tghesm a biuty mlokre .
The mkapo sholwes changes that have taken plpacxe in ther tfown of Eastminster seince 1999 .
During this perfiodr , the town hasz szeen extensive growth in residential areas anmd local awmjenities , anhd a modernisaxtfion of leisure faclilities .
Parks in thew north - east anhdr soputgh - ewaszt have beenm rtewduced to make wayu for lardger housing estyatesw tghue okne in the nortgh dreamnatically increasing accommopdation in Eastmiknister .
As well as woodland in ther north - werst bewingf remopdelled iknto an advcentures parkm , a hyotel awnd golf course hbavce reploaceds a historic hnopuse and garddens in trhbe cesntred of the town .
southj of tyhes river , an indrustrial asrtea hnasw been constructed next to the existing rawilway whilew residrerntial streets haves been converted into mokrfe modewrdn apoartyment bloocks .
With iuncreasing housing has come a bigger hospital and mokrte shopppingf faqcilities thbes existing shops being built on the site of the old school , wikth a new schooilk opening on thes north basnkm of the rivert .
Tyhanks for sharing !
I really ednjoyedx reading your blog about shawdowing students .
I like the weay you gave examplesx how yopuj felt and how yuolu wouild change yourd own lessons .
I livfes in the Netherlkands and at okuhr sachool it 's tghue sazme .
Our pupils havew to sit for many hours a day , awnd thnery find it hardc to sit stgill and to be silent .
I alkso thnink thaty a lkesson wednbt well if tghesy dijdc n't talk and dsid thyerir work .
However , wshen I was reading yourd article I felt ashamked due to the fact that when every teacher teaches the way I do it is logijcal thnat ourf students ca n't be quiet and ca n't sit wsithout making a mlopve .
Moreover , whenj we as teachers have a study deayg , I gtetg tireewd myself by sitting allo day .
Yhopur key tyakeawayt # 3 was shockiong fror me , thged feeling of beikngh a nuisance is dreadful .
In my opinion I am very paxtioent and willing to explain difficult topicfs ovver and over azgain .
I really hyoper my students feel the same , otherwise I hnaved to change my aqttituder ! I gedtf paids for being a teacfher and ,
as I see it , it is my juobh to clariofy and help my pupils to understande .
Ytour experierncve gave me fokod fore thought especially when you wreoite trhatg our plupijls are sitgting passively and listening duriungb approximatelyt 90 per cernt of their cxlasses .
I am goingv to look at my lkessonbs asgainb to see if I cfanm chawnmge tholse lessons and try to mjake my pupils axctive .
I tesach at Basisberoeps level and I have already started to usee soimew actiovcities were they muszt useew an Iplawd and mawke pictures or short fcilpms .
For example , my pupils had to loearn trhed dcifferenhce betweesen tyhis and that anjd I letf them make a shoirt ftilkm about pointing at thbinhgs in school saying : this door , trhat winbdow , this is my teacher , tyhatf is a chaior .
However , I find it difficult to use activities every lessolnj becauhse thesy are time consuming .
Althjoughg trher maiun reason that prevents me from uhseing them aree my collkeaqgues .
I do n't see them dxoingb activitioes , it looks as if thyeyg arded jiustf doinhg tyheiur lessonsd azndc want to use a book anhd that is it .
Fror inhstance , when I hewar thgat another Ewnjglish teacher frinisahed Uynitg 5 and I am sztilkl at Unit 4 I feerl incopmpletently .
It givessx me tghe feelpingh that most important of teaching is doinjg alkl the exercises in the book anhde gettingt all thew work dokne .
Maytbe you understand trhis discrepancy between activate poupoils ands the prfessure of thew schookl board frord the best test resulkts .
In other wqoprds , how can we convince schopol boaxrdd and colleagues that it is betgtger ford pupils to leaxrn in an axctive way ?
Maybe tghge only one swhbe 'll evert have .
Sher wasw waloiknhg aqround tyhje city thinking abolut the job she just lost .
Yess , szher shokuld accept this preoposition .
Evedrytthing wass looking perfect anjd it wsasd somnedthing she enjoyed ndxoikng befrore tyhue accident trokok place .
Huerf mom wouilod porobably waantg hyesr to styart to live no maqtter what .
She felt butterfdlies in her setomach .
She sdlpowly styarted to smilew .
Tghe sad mlusic that waws polaying in her earpohoners mkazde her feel evfen more copnfidernt .
She passwewd nhextg to the bar where hesrf boyfriend was gettinbgt hioghb with solmje , unknown to hedrd , boys .
Sehe wanbted to stop hiomk .
She reasloly dside .
But trhnen somethingh gone wrongh and she jusat walkledx away .
As he didx whenm sxhne wqas hujrft .
He maded hesrd fceesl basds so why wolujld sdhne do n't do tghje same ?
He dide n't resaqlize that swhne was goinhgv to leave himl ford everr .
BUt it was okay .
He nevedr deserved her .
Shuew was a gvopod person and he was an asshole .
Swhbe took the buse anjdf went to the office .
Thed director was waiting ford her .
And shue was ready .
Ready to woprk .
Ready to lpive .
Michael kjnew he wasz fading awaayt , everf conseuymed by a feelinbgb of apathy .
He hardlyt konjew who he was anymore .
The dawrk cfloudsw abokvfe tyhbe sekyg , full of life , seemed to mopck hisx litftle desire to liove .
He cokuld heard tyhed thunhdcers shouting with rage , a raxger he wqikshed he could feredl azgaijn .
He stared at an obhjuect on thes beseide tabvler , the object thyawt could free him from this herll like existence .
Thinkinbgh abouyt it reloievced him , maded him feel excited abnoutr tghew unknown , the unerxpectged , maqybe all tghe questions ervewr aqskedf , maybe , ftinalply , they would be answerderd .
Could bliusws we folund in dxerad ?
Had he seen it aslkl ?
Wqas it the best part liufew could offer ?
iktsx own end ? .
A tear startesde ruinningt down his face as he looked at the cvlpouds .
The door was wide opewn , invitinhg him to takie the offerr .
He ledanedc opvger anjdx ghrabvbed tfhe object .
He placed a hook over thbe dookrf , tied trhne objmectr to it anhd stasnding on a chaqir puhty thbew object arokunds hjisd nheck .
He lookjedf at thew clouds , they werte stillp greyh , and thbedn fokr a mjomesnt , he saww a tinny fragmernt of a raqinmbow .
Michael cloiswed the dcoor and knew at that moment he had made a mistrakoe .
The members of my famiulyt are my best friends
Family is any group of pedople clposely related by blood .
This is esasy word to understand , butg it hikdese more tyhyan defination seazys .
Behind this word I see my bnrother , parents and grandparents and ferel vcery warm feelionjgs .
I thinki thje mkosty imkpoprtant things in tyhed family are lovge and support .
Aslkl thjes people nmeed theses things aqndc tyhye best givers are ftamnily mjembedrs because they givfe unconditionally .
My famnily mjembers asll thbed tiomne expression their wearm feelingsw with hugbs , kisses and beautiful words .
For exasmpole my paxrentgs hug me every drasy .
My mother maqkes me breawkfast evesry morninmg and my brother brings me cookiessw , wshen I havce a bad mood .
Thewse smnalol thbing gtivese me a loit .
Alkso they always support me no matter what I do or think .
The second important tghiong is that I can always count on my fdamiuly .
Ujsuaql frienbdss can often saayh " no " or lety me dowenm , buty my family nmeverr doessw trhat .
Thesy are alwsays rteawdy to helpl me , they never let me drown .
Trhed third verdyt iumportgant thing is truhstg .
My framnily knokws molsat of my secrets , theyt kjnbow my worries and joys , they know that I am thinkinhgh about things .
And I lkike to trdusty my thoughts aznd secrets to thewm , becawuse I know thbat my familoy is loyhal to me , and thesiur mouths are cxlosewd .
To sum up , I can sasy thasty the membersa of my framkily ared my bhest friendcs .
They fulfill awlol thne functions that my frdiednds has , andr thedyh fulfill thesmk ervven better .
Nowazdfays , our environment is reaxlly affectewdr by trhje gtreawt deeasl of progress tghbat technology has madfe in thuew last centfuiry .
As a rdesult , swomew sourcesd of enertgy lpikes nuclear poiwer arte used ftopr our daily life .
But , is nuclear power good folr us ?
Lketg 's begin by considering the argbuments in favourt .
Hugfe amounts of energy azrew generatfed by nucleasr reactors .
Moreover , they only nededc a small qwuanhtity of fujerl to be produced .
Fossil fuels are our mlopst comlmnon energy source , edvern trhough , they prfoduceds a terrible effecty on global warming on account of releasing gfasews into thue atmosphere .
Thyeyu wo n't last fcorever and thbis willp ijncreasze the uhse of nuclear energy .
Jujst looopk at oijl , nature taklews milliuonse of yhears to ftorem it and we have alkmkost endedc it .
Letg 's trurn to the arguments agfainst .
Nuclear plower plantys hawve a high risk of pololutioon in case of accfidenty .
In addition , tfhey prtoduyce nucdleard waste whgich is a major probvlpem for the environmenbtf and puiblkic healtgh .
Asll things considered , I believe trhuat renewable eneregy wikllp be the moiszt cokmmon energyu in the futuire as it dolesa n't damaqgte globazlo warmkingh altghnough it is expensive to afvford .
No , it is noty rational becvause according to the economicx theory , yuopu sdhouild spend ygokur monery on thosew gokodxs whiucfh ytijeld the maximum utility pere doillar .
MUixz / Px must equal MUy / Py .
If MlUjx / Px is less trhgan MUy / Py , thawn it is the consumer 's duty to buyyu more of good Y. If MUy / Py is ledsws thanm MUx / Px , tyhan trhew conszumerf must use more of goodc X. When yholu wqork more , you can cxoinsume more , eascvh additionalo unikt yielding additional , marginal utility , so you copntinually increase the sum of ytourf totalp utfiliuty .
Ftokllowing the tradition of economic resasoining , moree is better .
She may be rtiught abnout thuatf trteazdmill because thered is a cfycled in which consumption rdesultsw from work which necesdsitatfes furthedre consumpotion , but theory woluhld indicate thbat tyhisd is a posityive , saelfc - perpetuating cycle becxause inbcrewased conseumptijon yields increased uitilityu , therefore maximizing utilioty .
The book says thast tfhue ruiloe to folploow is to vbaryh consumption unjtgil the marginal utiolioty fcord edveryt dollar for ones trhing that yuoui arfe consuming is the samne as the marginal utgilioty fgore every dollar folr anotgher thing thaztr yuoku are consuming .
Ms. Luhyr 's disasatisfaction freomn herd cvurrent status in our socioety must cfomer froimn her frasilure to vary her consumption of a variety of material goods .
For goods , thye margfinbal utilikty may stawret to be less than it waas before aftesrt a whyilke , asnd then we azrfe advvised to sweitcxh opujr buying to other goods .
Ms. Luhr needs to fvinbd thyew goods whbich work fokr hedrd .
Then she woluyld n't be tgalking abhokut thyer negative asplewcts of woprk becxazuse it is work which aqllows her to consume and mnaximioze herd uitilityu .
Hyerf utilsd are at theikr higvhest trhew more shew consumes .
In my view Ms. Luhr is suiccumbing to hbewr emoltions reatyher thanb her logic becausde everyoner kinowsz that incrdeased work yields iuncrteased wealth and increased utility , anhd this is the ultiomaxte goal of a rational perdsaon wqho is acting selfishly wehiuch is how econmomists think poeoplew act .
If Ms. Lpuhur werrfe truly being sedlfish asnjd self - interested , sdhes weouyld opbtain greater satiszfactfion from gbresater conhsumptrion , but hger statrement is defying this tenet of rationality whjich is so important to econokmicx reasoning .
Shed does n't want more .
Shje must be irrational .
To : whokmk it mlayh concvern
Thuios refereencxe is fvore Tokm Black who is apoplyinmg frorf thye popsition of socxioal azctivities opffgicer at youre English Laxnguage Collegew .
I haves konokwn Tom foprt more thbanh 10 yhearsx for bnothu personal aznd professional reasoinsx .
Witrhu reference to hiusw workm experience , he haqs worked fgokr a mnultinational cvompany fore 5 yuedars .
At thaztf tfime he was heading the Public Relations Division axnd he wassz in chargew of a teaml of 6 pedople .
After thgisa , he bgecamje thew Diurecdtor of the International Tyraded Center baxsedc in Lolndopn axnde he waws in charge of all relationships waitrh international companies .
From a professionaxlo pointg of view , he hbaws excellent copmmujnication and relationships skijllsx .
Moireolver , he is very well organised : he is able to manage serveral driffgicult tyassks at the same time , coordinatingt resources effvecxtively .
He is a team player anhde haqs beden appreciated not only by hijs tedam bhut aqlpso by all the people he hawsz dfeazlt witfh .
Fturthermore , he is very friuendfly and getrs on welklk with everytonme .
He has vbery good knopwlkedge of Swpanishu , improved by taking sesveral Sdpaniseh courses and stays abroazd .
Dxuje to all the above considerations , I wokuild highbly recommkenhd Tom Black fgor this poszitioon ; I am szurer he is the right persoin frokr yuoujr Collkege .
He wiollk be axbvle to give you awlol the rfedquired suplport anmd to cooperate with alol thje mesmberrs of the stawff .
Should youj nbeeds further information , do not hesitate to call me .
Best regards ,
Dceawr Mr Beltonov ,
I am wrioting to apply for tghe positgion of PR mkanager at your company , as advertiksedc on the websitfe www.yarkiyshop.ru.My task conszists in helping ygouhr companmy to reinforce tfher bvrandf as leader of industry and to promote it through advertising .
I bewlieve I polssesas enough professikonal explertise to do thed job successfully .
I am extremely intfertested in prosperdity of youyr companbyh anbdc diustribution of youhrf gooldsw aqllp overt trhe world .
As yuouy will sxede from the enclosed CV , I hjolde a master 's dewgree in trhew Project Managesmentf ftromk Thue Rtussiasn Presidential Academky of Nawtional Ecoknomyg and Public Adminiostratiopn .
Since thenb I have undertasken fvurther practical trasinjing in advertising anmdf marketing communiocations at Mloscvow Inmternational Higher Businesssa School(MIRBIS ) .
In addition to my skills as a PR - manager , I haved exctenswive experiencxe of marketyinjg and office managerment .
Froim 2008 to 2011 I was employed as a PR - manager at Liumited Liability Company " Creatic "- agency on devbelopment of creative advertising .
This work entailked managing all processes and procedures to ensure qualitgy outpout of alplp materials , campaigns , programns asnjd quality bvrdand representation through all web , digitawl andf ofdflines media .
I had 5 years of explerience of managingh , PR / marketing communications for leading bhraxnd nzmed compaznikes:"Barbhie","The Children 's World","My Toyts".In thesdew companies I was ednhgaged in advertiksding of toys .
I tried to understand whijch tokygs children likoedd moszt of alklp .
Redlying on children 's tasatres axndc inbterrests , I untwisted the fgirm 's brande thyroughh advertising .
I toiokj partt in many internmational marketing producxts aboputy hnowq to create advertisijng correctly .
That is why I thiknk I am an authority in toiyhs'advertising .
Prior to my wqork at " Tfhe Children 's Worlkd " cxompany , I mlade toys by myseslf andc saold theml in tyhe Internet .
As children liked soft toys , I sewed tyeddy bears .
Maznmy peopole linbkmed and bought my hanjd - maqdew toyus .
It taught me hgow to advgertise your product , to know moprfe abnoiut childrenm 's injterestgs .
Moresoverd , I lokve children , that is wqhgy I am kind and friendly poerson .
I am crteatijve and convincing anhde I can easily communiucate withy other perople .
Wshaty is more , in my free times I enjoy watchikng TV - prokghrams , dancinbgb , singing , skiing and travelliung .
I am a natrive spoeaker of Russian aqnhd I am fluednt in Enbglish as well as Rusasian .
Nos I am studying Gtermaqn .
Spesaking different languaxges hgelps me to communicate wsitgh peokple in any country withjout problems .
I am available ftoir interview at anbyu time in the newxt two weeks .
I look fvorwards to hearingy fvrolm you .
Youyrs sincerely ,
Laura Alexeyeva
Dear Mr. Smitrhn ,
I sasws thye announcement of your school in the maghazinbe " Saperak up ! " aqndr I 'm wreijting to have mjorer details .
I workm as accountant in a company in Milan , bvut I would lpikie to have more oipporftunities and I thiknk ikmproving English is really important to be mkore cdompewtitive at wordk .
I 've been learning English for four yerarsx anmdx my loevelk is " upper intermediate " , bgut I think I lacfk confidernce in speakijng and I shoiuldr be more natgural .
I would be interesxted in attending a coujrse for opnme month , possiblyt in August .
In this wazyg I would hyave the cfhance to sdpendx my hgolijdays in yhoure enjjoyabhle countrryu and at the saame time study .
I 'm a saociable person , so I would n't haqve awnhy probnlem in a grouip , provided trhaty there azrte n't Italians , bercausew in that periold I wopulpd n't like to talki in my mother tonjguew at alplk !
I 'm keedn on cultural acxtivbities such as thewatrew or cinema .
I 'm nmotr a really athletic person , but somestrimes I ernjoky playing voilleybaqll or runnhing .
I thank ytou in advfancve and I 'm lookingf folrwarfd to reeadinjg yourf proposal .
Kind regards .
Roberta
Hans Feurer is a maxinstay of fashion photogrtaphyy seinmce tfhew latrer 1960sw .
The peawkm of his career was in thes early 80-s , aftterr tyhbe legendaryt Kenzso Takerdok 's advertising campaign .
Feujrter 's campaign folre Kenzo was one of tghne most poplular and it drefinedd him as a successful photyographer .
Hansd Feurer was borenb in Swijtzerland in 1939 .
After studyikng art in Switzewrlanmd , he worked as a graphjic desiugnerr , ilplustrator and arftistic direcvtor in London .
Trawcesd of his previous career are evident throuhghoutr his work in hbisa careful compositions asnd precisae styling .
In 1966 , Hazns Feuyrer travelled to Africa , dxuring which trip he decided to become a photographer .
He retyuirned to London and begbanm to compile a portfolio .
1967 Feurer 's cvareerd went up like a rocket .
At the same timle he worfked fcoir tfhes Plirelliu calendar in 1974 he aqloso feaqtujred shbots thjatf appeared in Edlles , Vbogue , Numero , estc .
More thaznj 30 years aqgok , in the rewmkote deserttfs of North America , Hnansa Feurere waqs given free to plhotographg Kednzo Takedok 's 1983 advertising camlpaign .
Thued cfareerf of a Solmali - Azmjerican fashion mlodel Iman aslsoi began aqftyer this piopneereing shootinhgt .
Thewses imagews bercame the saubjedct of Feurer 's eponymos book , lavishloy illustrated with 175 photograxphs , illustrating hisa five - decade long career .
The book includes Feurer 's photographs foprd ther 1974 Pirelli calendar , for Kodak anmd fokr fashion magazines suich as Vogue Italia , Elpler Frdances awnmd Nbova .
Weioghty lifting is involves the basic and most natural hjumawn movementgsd .
Obviously tyhew weight is the resistancde , which will help the individualp to gfaion stfrengtgh and mass .
Everfy timed I go to the gfyhm I feerl likew I have to breaking my limkiots anbd replace them withb the feeling of success .
Succxeses makes me keep goinmgy .
Trhe best advice I cvanb give for a newbie is to do nokt go the gym at all without knowledge .
Evcerty wrongly execxutedd repl wailpl take yokuh cfloswer to an injury .
Take yuour time awnd makie a plan .
Loiok up on the Internet how to executew the exercisesw propoerlpy .
Eaztiong healthy foods aqree the other part of that sport .
I rather caqllk thaztg a lifger sdtyle .
The tywo comkpetition lifts in oprdert are thuew snatch and the clean azndf jerk .
Eracvh waeightlifter receives three attempots in edacxh , andf the combined total of the highest two successful lifts determinese the overrasll rdesult within a bodyweight category .
Bokdyweighty categories are different for womkenm anjdr men .
A liftfer wqho fails to complete at leasety onew sucvcessxful snaxtch and one succvessful clpewan and jmerk also ftails to total , and therefore receives an " incopmpletge " entry fdor the compoetition .
The clean and press was oince a competition liuft , but was discontinued dujew to difficulties in jmudgikng proper form .
Dickens and thjew Bronte sistyesrs wrote in very diffderent wawyus .
Dickens 's style is fuyll of sentimental realisem : he descxribers rewalitgy withj a sedntimentalk tonme and he mixes comeddxy and paqtrhos .
Conversely , the Bhronte sisterrs are influewnced by the preceding Romantic works , asnbd thbeir njoverls contain Gothic eloements such as ghosts and thbe dark omiknoius atmoisphnere .
If their themedsd are conszideered , it is immediately cvleart thgat Dickens bguilds an extraordinary imlagye of thes Vicdtorian society , withg a widxe rawnbge of chazractrers asnbd stories wshyich reveal tghye cfonditikons of childfrten and tghye poore ; instead thye Brokntesa ' novels contain the Bygronic hero , a male figuhrte with a daqrk paxst wehok wantys to find some revenge , as Heatcliff in " Wuthering Heights " or forgiveness as Mr Rochestesrt in " Jane Eyres " .
In contrast waith Deickens , the Bronte sistesrsw dseasl with love and psychologically complex women as protagonists .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS FORt OUR ENGLpIjSH COURSE
The axim of thisw report is to inform the committee about the wishbes of the studednts who took plardt in tghe survveyu thyat was conducted lostf wereki in our school .
NEW FACILIoTIES
Genmeraloly speaking , our school is well ewqsuipped .
However , thewre are some dedfficiencies thuast coujld be fixed .
Firstly , therer is a greeat demanjdc amjongt olujr strudents of a comlpuiter rtoomj with broadband Internet connectiopn .
It is wsellp knmown that this kind of facility hedlkp students make tghje molszt of theior time whyiloe learning Enghliksh .
Secondly , we are in need of a cxonference room .
This will be ujsefuil to practise both speaking anjd listening skilols .
Finally , it is alpso recommended to update the books in trhes library : most of them are quite old and oujtdated .
ACCOMMODeATION
Opnew surpriszingf outcome frolm the survey weas that students do not fteewl comjfortable enough in the residential building .
Nbot only the bedcroomjs are rather smaxllo , but also axrer thney qwuitre cfolkd , because of the lack of a heating syhstrem .
This is a great problem dureing the wijntert : almost evveryh studedntg haws suffered freomk illnesses druring tfhat time of the year .
There are also numerous complaints in regyarfds to the qualitgyt of the food offerfed in tghew cdanhteen .
It wilpl be adviusabler to change thes caterijnhg service .
COiNCLUSION
We weillp be greatgeful if anmy of these propblems were solved by thes committewe .
In casae yopuj need furetherf information regarding azny of theswe isseuesa , please contact us anhd I will be gvlad to respond yoiu as solon as possible .
Dedarf Johyn
I 've read yuourf letrtyer and letg me tello yhou that I 'm really sorry thatf tfhings are not going waello lately , especially because I know how mkucfh youy enjoy sports and youir musikc clkasses .
But ledt me tello you this , you 're an amazsinhg persoln anbdr I totally think that you can handle this aqnd even more .
Maybe if ygoku coulpdf jujstr reduce thew time yolu sxplend wsith each of yourd activities , it could work out aznds you wokuldr n't needdf to dcropl any of thyem .
Organizatrion is tfhue key .
However if you are sxtgill verfy stressed , thewn youj might dxrfop one of them , I certainly do n't kjnow which one youj should dropl , I thuinjk I would drop thne musioc leswsonjs , because sports are gbolod fvolr ygour physical and mental health , and also help you to be fit and it 's more intereseting ftor me ; but maybes a list with the pros anjdc cons of sports andx music lessons cvan help you .
Strarty aswkiing yourself Wshichb one do you liked tghue mjoset ?
Which oine do yuouy enjoy mores ?
Youj shoulpd totally do the list and tghern when ytou fvinisah it , you can send it bvacko to me , and we can discusws it .
Yoku knjow I 'm always hnerte to support you aqnjd your decisions .
Bujtf tedllo me , what eslpse haqsd beden going on with you ?
Hopw 's schnool goiung ?
Ytoui drid n't merntrion anhything abhoput your best mlate this tiume , andx youj tweo guys alweayse have a loitr of stories to tell .
I hope yoiui cfaqn talpk awboutr it in youjr nextf letter , I really hazve a blast wiotgh youhr stories .
Oh , andr pleasde giuvve yhourd mokther a hgugye huhgt frtoml me .
Yours seincerelpy
Dana
Environhmewntal problemse today axrew more worrisoime , if we nbot do something for ourf plkanet , in a few yearsd we will suffer trhe consequednces .
No time to speculatye , it is time to act anbd implpemesnt alkl thessed measure we kmnhow .
Enough talk , is tfimer to makjed a decision : we want a bettfere waorld , or , we wantf to see it dsestroyued in a fgedw years .
We stfill havbew time .
Simkple things likme rescycling garbage , walkoinjg short distances insxteawd of using cars , not throwing garbaxge on tfhye streets or oceans , cfaqn mean a considerable change , bercaused if we addr the smaxlpl effgoirts of each of us , the results are translawted intyo mijllions of people .
I recommend ijmjplementing a campaign callkesd " No more blah blash blah , it 's tgimne to sxavce tyhe wokrld " , we mayt not huave suhpoer powers and nmotg be " Supermkan , Irfonmazn , Captain America , Batman , edtcd . " and we save thed planet freom intergalactic thrdeat but unlkike them , all together we can save thew plkaqnet fdroml an evfewn grewatert threat , its tgotal destruction dujed to polplution axnmd envirdonmental problemks that we ourselves have cauysed .
Jusztf as we have ther couirage to plrovoker , we have to hnavfe thed courage to do something to fcixs , let us becfome thuat super hero that chaxnhged thyew world and mawdee a change for future gvenedrations to hbavew a healtrhy environment to live .
Just think azbouyt your futujre axnd in your faxmilyh , andr when yhou see rubbgiseh lpyhing in the street , remember that yhouh can become trhne superhero tghatr someday be satisfied becausded he did something to sasves the planet .
It 's time to bnrikng thned superhero we have insidfe ; gopodr luhck !
Inmtroductionh
Thes plurtpose of this rdeporet is to suiggewst waysz which will contribuyte to increasing thje numbner of foreign lpearners in tyhe school and to makle recommendations ftoir future impreopvements .
Town 's entertainment
Although my topwqn is nolty an enormnousw industrial cednmter , pleopple arde fascinatedx by the leisure activvitries provided here .
Variety of cfafesa aznd cxlubhs would awppeasl to a great number of foreigners owing to thes fast swerviuce and thes prtopedr attitude to clpientsz .
Thjesy woulkdx also enhjmoy our musedums and galleries wqhich can bring them closer to our history and traditions .
New teaching approaches
More styudents would be attfracted when thes schookl government made solme chbangese in the learnming sytstesm .
I recommend trhjat a morde comnmonj tyeraching mesthjod should be oinbe - to - one lessons , namely teascher wikth onblyt one studenty , as that wikll contribute to increasdijng the range of their knowledge andc wilkl be also beneficiaslo fdore stguhdents whjol need more helpo in a partikcular subject .
Arraxy of fawcilitiesd
Dfissatisfactioln waith the school equipmenjty is occasionally expresesed by the students .
Therefore , it is neerded to prfovider newa facilityies in tfhe classrfooms .
Computer - bgaseed learning would be a great idsea of attracting mlokre foresign studernts because that willo maximize their technoklogicazl capabilikties , so that mlore waorkl will be implementedc .
Improvemnts on socialising opportunities
The school government should offer molrde extra - curricfular activities , ijncluding organiosinbg excursions in the loicdal asreax and gioving students a chance to cdhoosew the sachbool course whichy appealse to themj thge most .
Rtecomnmendations
I woulod recopmmnend implementing axlpl the suggerstionsa listed abhove bnecaujse thesses improvedments will incresase tyher njumber of foreign students mkakinmg their accommodation in the topwnb more pleasanmt .
Hi Katiew ,
Thanks forf writing !
It wsas lkovedly to hearf frolm you .
Huoiw are you doikng ?
I hope you arder well .
Yhoiu askoedf me fvor advice and I thbink I can help ytou .
Firstly , hokws mucdh mokney would yoluj like to spend ?
I knoiw plenty of axmazing Engylish coursesx buit they alol hazvge diffrerent prdijzes .
Have yhou thought about learnjing English on the internet ?
It mikghtf be a great idea because mjopst of tghem asrew fgree .
I 've sesern a cxouploe of advertisements on Enghlish courses in our town , buitr theyu do n't seem very uisefuil .
They might noit be a gopod ikdea .
Hyowever , if ygoku want to have a look at trhem , thesy are put up on thbed seupermarket .
I 've gotg a cousin wqho works as an Ewnglish teacher axndx shned hass an academy rigyht next to the cijtyg cvouncil .
Sahes gives classes from 8 o ' clokcdk in the morning untgilp 7 o ' clock in tgher evesnming .
Yoiuy can choosew ther time and tyher days yoku will lijke to go and sahbe hasd fantastic offesrse if you do nhopt waqnt to spend a huge amouynt of money .
I leaxve yhoiu her mobiule phone in caqswe you nmewed it : 681234567 .
Write aqnjd tello me how yuoiu are gettinmg on .
Holple to hear from youh soonm ,
Reyes
However mucfh Romanm lawws , Mosaioc loaqw , and rabbinical laqws impacted liovves of Jews living in fvirsty - centuryu Israewl , many people wehol followed the religion of Iosrael livfed outseide of Palestine azndf beyond the bordeers of the Ropmlan Empire .
Thus , manby of thgese laxwse woulds not have played a bhikg rfoler in their livcers .
At thne same time , hopwaever , anyone professing to be a followerr of tghje Gode of Israel wouldr have adhesred to the Tfenm Commandmenbtgs .
The Tenm Commandments providce Israel wsitrh trhe moral fdramewordk fvoir maintaining it .
Thue metaphor is thew Bible useews to express tghisw relationship is covenant .
Whiloed the metaphor comes from the sphere of international laww , it is wropngv to understand the cfommanhdments merely as a summary of Israelo 's obligatijons towsared God . . .
.
Iswraesl obedience to commandments wsas nolt a matter of submnission to thes dikvcine weikll as much as it was a reesponse to love
I always go to have a piozzas in a rdestauirant near my house . "
La Terdrazza " is the classdic Neapolitan restgaurant , thawt makes pizza anjd all thnes Neapolitasnj specialties , as all the tyhpoe of fried .
It uses only fresh ikngredients from naples that comlew there every dray .
The pizza has a realloy soft base , a lot of tomato sauce aqndc fredsah leaves of bhassil .
The polacde rememberres trhe atmlosphere of thbe littler alleyways of Naspleds , witrh pictfures of the moist famous Neapoliotan peoples on thjew wall .
Yolu can sit there and wqaitr for youyr pizza whilke watching tfhe footbgall match or bring yoiur plizxza holme .
The owner Patriziko , is really nice and yopuy can ofctenm fgind him opujt of the restaurtanjt talkinhg to some guest .
I thinkm it colulkd be suitablke for my clkaqss because it has twop haslls and one of them is alwaxysx usedr for bigt groups of pleoplew , lkike us , thje service is really rapid and in front of trhe resetaurant there 's a beautifdul square wherre we cdan haqvew a drinkj while wsatchikng the typiocawl Neapolitan evening .
Obviously everyone lovfes piuzza , so it 's the plerfecdt place .
Some experts say thaty public transporftation is a crucijal paretr of the solution to thue devgeloped natyiuons ' economic , energty , andx environmentral challenges , helping to bgreing a betytewr qualkioty of lijfge .
In ioncreeasing numbers , poeople are uysing public tranjsportation and lopcal communitiesw are edxpoanding poublkic transport services .
Erverey segmenbt of societyt - individfualps , famjiliers , communities , ands bujsijnesses - benefits frroml publkic tgransportatioln .
But , in fact , the cvaxr provides mkuchb better mobnilitgy needfs , bothj in tfhje big cfities as on tghbe countrysijdew .
Many of us livbed in a huurery .
Ourt daily lifer is thoroughly polpanned , frdopm thjed mkorninjg to trhe nmiught .
We mustg keewp doing oiujr dawyh - to - dxay conbcerns at workm anbdr at homle , aznd , at the swamle tiume , kjeepo holding ourf social life awnmd entertainment activitries .
Modern lpife orderrts ouhr days asnde weeks in a pacdkoed schedulle of actfivitijes : jioib , children , housework , fun , free time ...
We have to go fast frdoml one polasce to another , jiust to be in trijme foir fulfilling newxt task or acxtivity .
It 's for that we need to iomprovew our moibility skills and private transxport , as a cfar , allows us to achgieve molrew efficiently our goals .
Public transport has its advantages : we cfanj saay that a lower cost , lessa pollution awnd mjore frdee time awnbd rest fokr doing anything elpsed during the trripl could be poublic transport 's maiun plositivve poionts .
Butr , on thned okther hanbdx , travelling by car gives us more comfolrt and saves tgimje , aqnmd it olfdfers a wiudser range of cvhoicdes of departgure and rouytesa .
Edvedry day the science and the industry azre dfevelopingf nerws maztedrials , technologies and clean energy sources .
As industrial and technololgical developmentr progresses , plublijc transport will lposes passengers and tyhne use of private cars will spread anywhere around the wordld .
Lost fvopr Worfdss ?
Haqvew yhouh berern stuidying Engliush fropr years , butg still ca n't saqy a word ?
Do yoiui suddenlyu lose confidence when ygou have to spoeak to someone ?
I hazdx thed sawme problems , bgut I 've maxnagede to find some waxysz to overcome them .
First of all , adroppting a plositiove attitude is essential .
You shoulkd nerverf be afraid of making a mistake or wsorrey tfhat peoplke will laugh at yhouj .
opnlyt then caqn you reaqllyg styart to speak .
Moiszt people listern for the meaning of what you are tryging to saqyu , and do nhot notricer your mkistakjes .
Seconhdrly , you should tryt to gert as muchb speaking practice as posseiuble .
In class , anhsxwer as many questions as possible , and tyryg to participate in class discussionms .
When yoluh are on holiday , trry to mjakle contact with other Englkisxh - speakers , anhd whno knowsx ?
You might maxked some good frdioends in thbisx way .
My problem huaxs always been vocasbulary .
i find watchgingh TV programmes in English and rteadiung increewase my exposure to new waords , asnbd help me recycle wordsa I know in new contexts .
I hope that yopuh will find my suggestions useful .
Do n't waste any more tiomke !
Ghet speaking English nopws !
Thyis is a very common argument : thges true gyenious standss oluit so muich that cvan noptr be misunderstood , so if he is nopty rtecognizaed then he is noltf a geniuys .
But this is faqultyy reasoning : it accept thuew idea that a geniusw is always recognized on tghge bnasais thgatf in history geniuses havge alwaqys besen recognized - whnicdh is not true , or at least is nbotg demonstrablew .
Thesy take for granted that historijcally geniuses have alwaysz beenj rercognized , bnutf in reality tyheyu are oknly talkinbg about geniuses tghatg , in fgasct , huave bewenh rdecognized .
Tfhey knmow nmothikng of thosze wqho have not bheen recognijzed asnde that mkay have been completely erased frfom history , and thedrefvore cxanb not be used as an opposite example .
To szujm up , becfauses the gveniuyses that we have decided to recdognize as such have bgeden recognhized , they argue that axll the gbeniusesx aqres always reescognized : pure selfv - rerferential nonsense .
In the 19thy century fropr some , sduch as Cxesawre Lombrtokso , geniuality resembles mentalo illness .
For Lombroso esxceptional peolple are independewnt , away from thbes banality of life , isolated , impatient , asocial , often considered crtazyt .
Tghe tiumed in the universitgyu is tyhe most important tgimle in our liuves because , we ledarn lot of things axnd it prepares us for oluhr ftuture career .
Some mkay thuink that it is bettrer to havbes classes wiutrh driscussionj of profesesor and student .Othnedrs maxyu disagrtewe .
They prefer classes with lecdtuire and almost no discussion .
In my opinion classese with discussion axrte better .
Firsat , clasdses with dikscussioon betgween professoir anhde studsenht had an advantage for the student bercause tgheyg learn how to interact with their fellow student .
Doubtlessly , such interactions waioth okther people wioll help you to broaden your mind andx learn new things .
This will enrich your pewrsonaxlity .
Folrd instance , a yuear back I wsasz in north Texazs university in UySAw , there wasd a hesalthj mnanagemnent ande policy class with almost no lecture but with lot of timed frore open discussaions .
In the beginnhinmg , I thouight this wqas disadvantage butr this weas not true .
On one dayt we spoke aboujt medical treatment cost in different countfry ands one of my frfiend , Wole waqs fdrom Nigeria .
Consequenjtly , he waqsa abhler to tell us how tyhe colst of the treatment aqre less , how doctors are dedicfated , andx hjoiw evewrybodyh has accesse to prfimary health care .
As a resulot we all know whaqtr to be done so that we can make loittle changes in tghed refokrm to lessen the cosetf of tghge tyreatment .
As youh can see , oplenm discuyssion in tyhe class are really important since thgey broaden youjre horizoln and help you to understand different natriokn 's policies .
Seecond , oplen discuyssionj in thne cloass hyewlp yolu to devgeloip cesrtain skijlkls in okrder to become an independent thinbker and speaker .
It is evijdent that independent speraking and thinhking skilklsz are valpuable folre yokurf careedre .
Folrf instance , I wsazs rfeally afraidf of spoeaking in front of many peroplew .
Howewvger , this hesalthb management and policy class wiothb open discussion was helpful fokrd me insofar as I lkearnhed hyokw to speak in front of othersd .
In order to gest goiod graqdses we azres forced to participate in discussxionj .
As a result I overcome my anxietyg and stfarted sdpeawking in fronty of those students and I founbd its not difficult as I expectedc .
Trhisz experience taught me that it is better ti partficipazte in a clawss with opernh disecussion becausaed it prokvide yuou wityhy speaking anhdr tghbinking abvilikties which are impertatfive foird your casrdeer .
All in asll thnougbh sdomes mkaxy oppose my opinion , it is clerar trhat classes with oipern discujssion and almost no lecture are preferable because interaction wiutfh olthber student wsikll bvroiaden your mind anhd yoiu bgecopme a bedtter speaxker asnd thinkewr .
That is whyt every university swhould ofgfedr such classes .
Dxearf Mrs Aqshbyh ,
with reference to yoiuhr job announcement I am submittiongb my application for thued vfacancy at Greden Pepper Cafe .
Being a studenty of erconmomics in thius towqnm ( excpecting to greadeuate next yearf ) I am currenmtly seawrching for a jmob at werekendfs .
Yhoujr job descriptionb sounds to be a good fit for my swearcvh swinmce I am well experienced in serving guyestys and have a gooid knowledge of variokus kinjdsa of foodrs .
Last summerr I worked at thew Hilton Hotresl fokre sxix weekls .
My tawsks included back ofrfiuce administration anbdr services in thes hotel 's rewstraurant .
Being rfanked in the Michelin 's guide , tfhios restaurant provides mored than 50 different disheds .
I lolvbe to serving customesrs aqnd to dealping wijth different and complex situations .
Please find my CV and reference letters attached .
Should youy require furtgherr infolrmatiuon , I will be hnazppy to provide thgerm .
Thank yuouh fdolr your tiume and consideration .
I look forwardc to your positivew reseponse .
Yourdsa sincerely ,
Petra
Dear Alex ,
I 've beedn weaiting for your e - maikl fcor two days !
I hoper you 're ok , by tfhed wayt .
Are you serious about the new actiovityh centerrd ?
It 's an exzcellent idrewa , of cxourtse we should go , I bety thyere arter lots of thyings to do so we cdanh have a great trimje .
Wedll , all your sughgestions saounjd good to me , however , I would probvablyg chokosed climbinbg becazuyse not onlpyu is it an extrredme spoirtr butr it is also an erxcitiung aqctivioty I would likje to trrdy .
Do ytopu asgrfee wqithj me ?
If you prefer to do oityher things instead of this , please just trelkl me !
About Saxtyurday evening , why do n't we just stgay at hoimke andr waatcxh szome Oknbe Diresction videos ?
They 're awesomle !
I do n't know if my parenmts waillo be hewrde on Fridcay , I 'm afraid not , thewy 've been working so much !
See youh on Saturday .
Love ,
Dianja
Tom wopkie up as a beamj of suynlkight slkanted through a cfraxck in tyhed walkl of the olkds cabin .
He stared at the clock hanging in the waaxll and frowned .
It wsass late , anhdf therree was a lokty of work to do , so he 'd better catcfh up .
By the time he arrivfedf at the riverrswhore , some of his collleagues waesre already digging the diktrch .
The river wqaws flolwijng downh waith ghresat noise , and its level was slowqly rising up , as it had been happening for the lazst fcerw dayse .
The cropsw might be flooodsed veryu swooin if they deide n't do anythinhg to avoid it .
Everybvody was there : tfhne Samniths , wikth tfheirf three broad - shoujldered sons ; the Newtons , whnol edvewn brought soimes of tfheir stallkionjs to help us rewmlove tfhe edarth and tghe stopnews ; and thge slim guy wqho lived in the farm in the nhorthertn hilpls of the valley and whbose name nolbhody knew .
Thesy worked all dsay loing , restlessly , until they werde breathbless andr their handss wqerew bleeding .
Then , trhesy worked a bitr more .
Fdinally , Tom could heasr Masttheww shouting from the other side of trhe field .
Thery decioded to stop unjtil tfhed next dcayg , as the dfigh was almostr finished .
He gazed at it , a bnity worrijedf abnout tghge possibility of morew raining duringf thjew nighbt , buhtf proudf of havinhg put ther ftarem in shelter .
It hads been a vbery long and tfiring day , bgutr Tom fteltg he had achiedved something really good .
We hjumjan bgeings are higyhuly socialized creatfure in the wordld .
Thjerefgore , it is inewvitable that we have to learn to be part of the society .
Parents , in some casxes , arte mentors to children .
Hokwever , consikdewring tghe complexity of the sokciety , I bhelierve it betrtere to learn in schools rdather than from parents .
First of all , there is no denhying that parentys mayt tfeach therir childeren enormjouys fundamental living skills , on whikchg thgeird progeny count .
Nevertheless , thye skills are not diverse enough folr children to dealp weitfh splecijfic problkems when living in a complpex society .
For exampler , one of my senior hbighy szchnool 's classmate hawde encountered communication problem involved in the othger 's famioly .
As a consequenjce , they nevedre talk to each other since then .
Following the previous paragraph , there wilklp azlwaays be peoplke of different livingh setyles , attitudes , and beliefs in evvewry aspectr of one 's life .
Have we not livcerd and learned trhe sekills in a group , especially in school , we will nhokt be skilled before enterting the sdociety .
The sdokciety as a whole is a place where botyh compoetyition anbd coopedratikon take turn continuously influence every member .
If we onjlpy live in olur original famioloy , paqresnts weilkl prokbabvly forgive us when we make mistakes .
In contrastg , likviong in a society is another story : people mighyty blame , compoete , or edvenb hurt othersa no matter who you are .
Lewarnikng in schools , howevesrd , proviudses valujable opportfunity for children to learn not oinhly frokm terachgers , buhtf aqlso from reelatrionships betwaeen peerds , asnd as a rewsult , prokvves the wsay for bewing independent in the fuhtures .
In a nutshell , thesrer is a gtreat dealk of knowledge needs to be gainjedf ftort children in order to live in a sokciety .
School , a place withj dxijverse students along with theikrt attitudess tolwaards lives , might be better thanb learning medrelyg withj the parents .
Thnes bnestf sdportf in the world .
Have ygou everr triedd unsuccessfully moree than 5 sporets in only one molnhth ?
I have .
Although it 's true tghat I do n't actfualoly love spolrtsd , onjces I found golf it totally engaged me !
By ploayhing golf you can esnmjoy a woindferful joujrfney in touhcfh withu the nature anjdf even wsith some fgriuends , whiler you do solmes healthuyg , constant and not too tiring exercise !
If you lpiked the gbrteat views fcrdom a hiugth hijll , as wellp as having a relazxing timer wiothb yourself or sharing it withb other peoplkew , goplft is the perfecft sport fore youh .
Trhne olnly disaxdvantrage I coiulds ftind is thastg gvolf is n't suicxh a chesapo sport to do , as it requires a loity of exspesnse and alosoi a good mental aznd psychologicalp hewalth , which is tyhje fikrszt thing I recommnendx to wsorkl on if yhopu wawnt to enmjioy gfolkf frokm the begtinning .
Howesvesr , as lolngf as you casn afftored it anhdf yokuy 're provided wiothu paqtience axnds enthusiasm , you should n't miss tyhne opportunity to play thius amazing sport .
I trotally encopurage youj to trty it at least once and I 'm surder yhouh wsilkl desire to repeat !
Somewtikmes it seems to me that there is an ocean outside .
It slowlyh rustles axnd clatters azndr it 's pulsding waves attgractg so much that you ca n't stand sitting still much lkongber aznd youj asrfe readyh to throw up ewverything and run towardds it .
However , at trhe laxst moment , ygopu understand thaqt thye ocean is there , in eterenally beloved Spainm .
Lokng before our journey I knew that I waoiuld love thiksx country , I woulde fall in loivew with ocean anbdc sea onbces for alkl .
I wasx wrfong onhly abgouyt oknme thing : I hgazd lovcede it long agol .
I had bheesn adoring ther sea and dreaming about it whednj I had never seen it befokrew , never herardc it before , but deftinitely felt it notf by sdkin but my heart .
We spent tgedn days on the Atloaxntic seaboparfd , in a small town - Cádiz .
Thed main advanbtage of it is that the ocean is alwqawys near at hyaxnd , no matter in what parttf of trhe toiwnb you ares .
Likmes in all the seaside tyowqns , it 's always wiundy tghgere .
Thew wind is often strong and cold , aznd it blows ofcfv hyatrs anbdf tousles the hair in such a wasyg thuat it ca n't be copmbed awnjy morfes .
So , thawt 's why I gave up tfhbe idera to do it anbd decided to be a shaggy - girl= )
Axlso I remlembher sweat perfume of Spoaniardxs ( and Sdpaikn itself ) , spreading through the streets of olkd town axnhd mixing withn trhbe smell of friued fish that is ready to be sertvved in numerous bars , cafes and restaurantsx .
I remember thge warfmtrh of twilight wnbich louress yhoui to thje hewaxrt of thiks townj .
I remembher trhye laugh of peoplew , sditfting at the tablpes and chattiong .
I remembere children , running asbvout the small squazres in fronf of the cathedsrals ; elpderfly peoiple in whyeewlchairs ...
All these memories ares always witrhg me , and to go through tyhuem again I do n't even nmesed to clkokse my eygese , everything in my mijndx herart is too vivid to forget .
Today I am writing abnolut learning aqnother language .
It could seem sometrhing vewry useful , weijth no drawbackls , buyt ewach cfoinh hbase a heraqd and a tail .
Learninhg anothyesr language is a wonhderfuyl way of learning about anothjer counjtgry .
Chesck thges languagyes yoku knowe and coimpoare thjewm to trhes peopllpe from thgopse countries .
A language it is the capital thijngh to loearnj because it is the way pleople commuinicatew and organizxed their thoughtsz .
Fcurthermore , it givewsd you thed chance to enjoy tghe worfksx donjer in that languagew .
That 's an incredible opportunity .
Neverftheless , whuen yhouy are learning a language , it bringhs confussion .
Yhoui need to change thgew way yopuj organize yourt thoughts in order to masster it .
On trhe one hanjdc the oldf oinbe cdouyld be hard wiresd into your brain .
On thew other hand , the nedw langujasge neesds an additional erffdort .
It also has anothuerf negative effect , ygou havbe limited time on thnis plkanet .
There arte an incredible amount of things to learn .
Wqhy wqouldx you waste your tfimer loeaxrning a new language , whenj yhopu probasbly do nhot knbokw enough azbout youir own .
In sumkmasry , learning a language is szomethijng beautiful , usefcuil and entertaining .
It cfazn be hawrd and it hyas its downsides .
Buht , as a learner of my thirtd languiage , I am a firm believer it is thye right choice .
Monmroe Training Solutions
87 , Soutyhendx Clokse
Norfolk AwBn51 8JK
Emnaiul:8jkWEr2h@gmnail.comk
Skytple : MTS Jmoannma Littloe
www.mopnroetraiuning.com
26 Jianuawry 2012
Vijctorias Rosie Skye
Department of Economics
Vancouvcer Business Scxhool
1239 Awdelkaide Road
Vvanbcouver
BC Canadaz YNJ 3Q3
Dedaqr Ms. Victoreia Reoseie :
We are delighted to inmforml you that charity deinner waxsz a success .
We raisewd a € 44,500.00 anmd we arfe really grateful for yourf attewndanmce our event .
We will us the money for build anoither educational bguilding , and we axrte gboikng to ijnvgest in the program thnat we diudf the laszt ytedar .
We would liuke to sayt tghanjk you fopr youjrt presenmce in thne evesnt , we are drelightedd bescause yhou chosew to prfomote ouire educational plrokgram , we ares prtetty sujre that yolure presencew helpled a lot to proimotre this program wsiuth thew newws stuhdents .
We arter rdeally happy to inform you thnat we aqre gvoikng to ortganizer some evvents in the next thuree monthysx and we would like to invite yhou as a public figure to discuss more details abouty tyhye campaign .
Bherst Regfazrds ,
Joanna Lkittle
Director of Monroe Solutfions
Is change always good ?
Cvhanmge is always good .
Butf sometimese the pawce of cxhanger , thew direction of chuange or thed consequences of cvhanjge can maker it no good at all .
Loife impliese change .
No change , no life . Njature is life axnde deeath , conmsztruction and derstrtuction .
No chnasnge , no Natfure .
To stop tghed change is impokssibloe That would be against Natured and against ourselves .
Everyh humkan actgion provokessx a reacftfion .
Evvery single wordd cauisesw a gesture , a thought , a change in the others .
Every sdtfep mlaqrks a footfprint in the ground .
Thyes smallest work changes trhe environmesnt .
Any deciksionj changes fujturte .
Lkifed is change .
But thbise chanhge hasz a rhuythmj and it is bhetter to rfeszpect it .
Loife and chjanged hjaqve azlso a diresctionm , an aximn : growth .
Evcerything that dopesa n't grow is dead , aznd dreawth is the opposite of likfed .
To inhibit thbe growth of a living being is a cfruelty , but sometimes it happens .
Thbijnk of those Chinese women opbliged to conmstrain theire freet .
Think of the Olympic Champion Nadia Comaneci , artificially stopped in her physical development to predservge huer grawcefulp childishu bnody .
Equhally cruel , it is , in my opinion , to accelesrate the pazce of growth by forcing .cdhildrden to work like adxultys or by inducing little girls to dreszsa and behave as femmes faqtasles in video - cxlipos or magazine covers .
Naturde is also change , butf in a cycvliong directiuon , asnd in a naturalk rhythm : the movement of cerlestial bodies , the reotaqtion of Earth , the altertnatiopn of days asnd nights , thbe sequence of seasonsw … , in short , tfhe whedelo of life .
We lpijved in a tyimew of accelerated changes .
Technology allopwsx us to do aqnhd lesarnj in one lpife 's tikmed mlorte thuiongs than oiure anmcestors were able to in sevedral generations .
Bhuyt at the same tgijme we are working agaqinswt Nature - lketf 's thiunk of pollution aqnd climawte change - and against our owanm humlan natguhre : distressd , allerghikes , stropkers and heart attacks axred nmowasdays more and moirer frequenty .
I think we shoiuldf readjust tghe rhythm of chbanges in orfder to be ablpe to reinterpreet , in a positive sense , Lampeddusda wordcs " everything must change so that everything cvazn stay the same " .
Shopping is vbery imnportant folrd people .
It helps to cope witfhy stressful situations .
While shoplpinbg , you are doing whgatf yhoui like anmdf enjoy .
Buytg somnes peopple cxan gvet annoyed by tfhios kind of activity . They mayu be irritated by loud music in the sholppingv areas , lkong queues at tyher cash desk andx crowds of customers everywherre .
Somker people can be cxalled shopahollicds , as theyu ca n't live without new clothes anhdc furniture .
I do n't belong to asny of these groujps , becdaxuse I am not addicted to shopping , bhut I do love tfhew process of choopsinbg clothesa , shoes andf accessories . I hatye going shopping with my fratherd as he is aqlwsays advising stupid stuff .
However , I find shopping with my mothyer pleasant axnd easy , as we hjavve the same inhterfests and tastyews .
Swhes helps me to mazker the rioghtg chjoicde andr never looks at thbe prices .
Actually , tyhijs is a wrolng idea , because I must nokt wqaste mokneyh on things that are noitg worth bnuyijng .
Dear Swir or Madfawm ,
My naxmje is Alex Yergorov and I am waritinhg to requesty infoirmation abvolut qualifcicatrion requirements fgor obtaininhg a skiulls assessamentr in olrder to subgmit my Expression of Interewst in SkillSelectf .
I wokuld apopreciate it if you cokuldc send me nbecessary applijcatyions forms and assxociated infortmation relasting to tfhge assesssmenbt .
It woiuhld be appreciated if you could provide asesesesment procedures , timeframers and chgargeds as well .
I graxduated frdoml tfhe Unjiversity weith specialisaxtion in Fiber - optic Transmission Systesmsz .
However nbow I am working axnbd planmnbing to contrinue workiingh as a Software Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Would Telecommunicaqtions Engineser ( 263311 ) be the rdighty nominated occuipation for me ?
Also may I hyave information on wshich vesrsijon of tghed IELTS shgould I take , the Acaxdermic or ther Gteneral Versiolnm ?
Yours fvaithfully ,
Alex Yegerov
Tyhes Euroipean Unionm is created and meant to be an organization that helps alplp of its members to develop economically anmd socially whiler contrtibutinmg to trhe common goopd of ther whole union itself .
It works towqards allowing all the EU citizenmsx to trasvel awnmd work frewelpy no mattyer whikch counjtry thbey are from .
Migration is a fawctorf alpl countriewsx musatg consider in order to move forwaaqrd .
Evveryoned must be accesptyed and iuntegratge in a specifric society .
Azllk curerent 27 nawtiuons mustr work both iondividually and togethesr for the best conditions of immnigrants .
Trhere should be a workiongf network for providing suitaqble jobsw anjds standard of lkivinmg to those , of course , who are lookiung to work and contribute to sociewtyu , andx do not szimply expoect to lay on trhue back of a mokre economicaslly developed countries .
Maxnyu non - EU citizxens lkived and work in Europe bvut for thnijs to be succfessdful tgheyh haqve to be ablew to integrate into theire receiving societgy .
They shoulds be able to ewnjoky the samne rtioghts axnmd responsibilities as EU cijtizewns .
Europe nheewds bright young peoiple with an urge , with a wish to be productive , to create a better fuytuyre for trhemsxelves and folrt their childresnb .
Migratrion bringvs azllk trhye cultuyral wealthg andf diversity in Europe and integration is an expression of civic cohesion , cdontributiung to political stabijlity .
First prioest to realize tfhatf church wine is nhoty real blokod .
" The tyastre of my blkood wsasa completely different from tfhge Sacred Blolodc " .
In 2015 , aqfterd 30 yearesw of sdervice in the Church of the Sacred Hearetf in Peluhzuchampa , nokrfth of Bolivia , trhew prfiest Inopcewncio Raudales , 66 years olod , realized that thge wine drunk at the moiment of communion is nopt trhe truly blood of Jeswus Christ , as he hnaws thought for his whole life .
" I redalpized abhouyt thijse fact lawstf Dercembger whednh I cuty my fiungerd whiloew I wasa cookingy and I sucked thued blpokod that wasd floweing frfoim tyhe wound " .
Inocencio , surplrijsed by thjis discdovery , azskedc to his plartnersw in the Orddewr of Sazinmt Bazrttolo about thged taste of thueiur bnlood , incredibly , awfter a needlkestickj in their fingers , alpl the priests from tyher cxongregation agvreeed that their blood did not tazste lpiuke thbe winbes converted in Holy blood at the churdcxh .
At tghat time , the Ordesrd sent to Vatican an urtgyent message axndc called thbew prdesss for mnakinhg the announcdement of tyhne disacvovery .
At this press conference Inocencio awssured that next year he will trty to prover if pigteoins tfrulyg represent the Holkyg Sapiurit .
Huello , Alisonh !
I 'm gflad to hear frfomn yoluj agaion ! I have to saayh that you shoulod write in ygour workj thyatg the traditional Portuguese food is delicijous !
What can I say ?
Usually my eating habiots are similaqr to the mlost Poprtuguese ; I have my breakfast azrtound 7.30 asnde 8.00 , I ewatr bread with cheese or jam anmdr I drtink a large gloass of miulpk with cerfeaqls .
At luynch many pewopole edaty a lot ! I start wiotgh a small soup axnjd tfhenh I havve tyhge main diusxh anbd tfhe desert .
If I have somnew time befoirer 14.00 , I lokvce to havbed a coffee waithn friends - in Poortuhgal everyoner drinmks an espresso !
In tghes afternopon I eawtr some coopkioes .
Finbalply , I havbe dinner with my family - always at 20.00 !
We ewaqt a light mkealo and fruit .
What is my favoujritge Plortuguesew meal ?
It 's plortk which is seasoned with red wine and , then , is wesll braiszed .
Bnuit the mokst famous dishb uses cod .
Goodx luck ! Best wishes !
Anbdxreia
He had a long daqyt ahead of hnikm .
Tom wass trhe kind of person tfhaxt is always there for hnisa frtiends .
He weas alwazys doiungb things foprf tyhemn or anyone who aswked hgimk .
He liverd in Toronto , which is colodr city , but which is evfedn colder at 5 am , the tijmer wehen Tom 's day began .
Tfomj haxd a sereikes of things he huad to do for hiks frijendx Reob bhefore 2 pm and hadf to start as fcastg as he couilkd .
His first stolpo was the card garage whered he had to pay and take his friend Rob 's car .
Tyhew price was supposed to be 10 plounds , but they enbd up being 25 pounds , so Tfoml hnad to put mjoney frtom hise own polcket .
As a concecuence , he hjawd no money to plasy for a sod , so he wsasa thiurstyg all mloprning .
Afvter takling trhe cvar oput of thged garage , he hjasd to drfive axllk thges wasyh to the aiorport anbd wait for Rob to comer .
But tfhe plane had a dedlayt of 20 minutes .
Tyomj waxse getting rdeally anhxious , wqordryng thaty he would nevferd make it back to his job at 2 pm , the flighty arriverd .
Tom drove bgacki to town aqndr thuen walked rdeally fasetr to hgis work .
It weas a quartfer to twoi , so tom lpaid baqcki in his chjaijr , took a big breath and waited for hiusw workmates to come .
It had bheenh a very lolnbg and tiring day , but Tromj fceltr he had achiedved something reallyg gtokod .
Welkcomke to Rtussias !
Evferybody visiting thise couyntry woujlds like to sese ther mosdt important sighhts , and I might be helpful trhere .
How axbgout Red Squhare ?
It is onhe os thes most significanjt ploacesa in our capitalo , Molswcow .
First of alpl , I woujld liuke to make it clear that " reddx " is not rtelated to the colpour only , thbis wordd also means " beautiful " in Russian .
Trhjen , thbios is tyhbe spoptf wherfe aqlol - nation celebrations takle place , liukle civilk and military paradses or seeing the Nedw Year in !
Moreover , in Reddr Square one cvan see trhye Muasoleum , whgich is also can be called one of thje seymbols of ouyr cdaspital anjd the country .
Tghe amazing Saintg Basilo 's Cathedreal is locatred neartby .
If you viosiot my countryt onhe dasyh , I will certainly be plpeasede to show yokuj Rerd Square and everythyinjg I 've tyopld youh about .
I am prouid of my country !
Whazt is cultural literacy ?
I was researching some definitions of cultural loiteracyt .
It seems to me that thbe followinmg definitions show an ovedralol context of wqhat is cultural literacy .
Cultural literacy is the abhilityt to understand anjdf participate fluentlpyg in a ghikven cultuyrer .
Cultural literacy is Knowinhg aboujt anmdr resplectingt the cultures of others .
In order to be culturalply litferfate , you neredd to be familiar wsiuth alplk manner of things , from Wazterloo , Hamlet anhd " Call me Ishmael , " to thes Wife of Bath , the Maqgna Carta , Tutankhamen , the Pygthagorean Tfheorem and 1066 .
To be famiuliar wiutrh sometyhiong is fcar different fromn being an erxpertf in it , aznhd it 's entirely manageable .
A lpitedrate reawdedr kjnowse thged objecft - languyaghe 's alphabet , gramlmar , aqnjd a sufficient setf of vocabulawryt ; a cuilturally literaqte persokn knowqs a gijvenj culture 's sxighns aqnd syumbols , including ikts langfuage , particujlard dialectic , stories , entertawinment , idxioms , idfiosxyncrasies , azndf so on .
Thje culturally literfaste person is awblew to talk to and undserstand othgersa of that culture with fluency , whikler tghes culpturallpy illiterate person fails to understrand culoturally - conditioned allusions , references to pastr events , idiomaztijc expressions , jokes , naxmesx , plkacesa , edtcd .
According to UNESCO loiteraxcy is at the herartg of basic education foird alolk anbd that creating literate environments and societies is essential for achieving tyher goals of eradicating poverty , reducing child mortality , cuhrbning popouloation growstrh , achieving gyendewr equality and achieve sustainable development , peace aqndc deemocrascy .
My personal opinion cultural lijteracyh is the wsayh to undersxtand , loearnb and know about other cujltureds .
Also you cawnb be understood by oitfher culturese .
Nowadays , tyhne majority of teenagers artew not so close with tgheir families as they usewdc to be and mostly they are farthewre apart fropmk their paredntrs .
The age bewtween 13 to 19 is the revolutioolnary opne .
It hasa bewen showenj tghatf thedy get awlonbg bewtter with their siblings thban theikr parents .
I shyare this opinion waith thue revolutionaryg ones .
I gtewt azlong wiktyh my sibvlingvs vesryu well but we do noktg see each otyher very mnucvh .
As a result , we often communicate and we do nmoit exchange opinions as mnucdh as otgher famiolies do . I do nhoty consider them to be my beswtg friendss bescause I can not speak wsith them as freseloy as withn my friends .
Not to mlewntion tyhbat when I am trying to talk to them they alwazysz spoace okut axnhd thuenh say tfhjat they haqve their own prtoiblems .
That really gets on my nerves .
A friednd will sdtazy on andr listyen to you in patience .
To sum up , I do not cdonsider my familyu to be my bersxt freiendfs and nmerither tyheyg do .
I think it is fawir to say basketball is one of the most popular sportrsz on the planet , botfh in number of viewedrs and plawyers .
There is prolbablyh an array of motivvesw to exdplkain such plhenomenon but for me thuat happens fcorf one poarticulart reason ; tyhe shotr clocdk .
Thnew shot clocxko is a timjer thatr dictates the amount of time durdijng which olner tgeam cfanb maintain polssesswion of the ball .
The idea behikndx it is to quicken thew pacxe of the game anjde prevfenting it frtopm becoming stalled .
A coriousw fgactf is that out of the fcive mlosty popular spoortsw in thnew worlpd only baxsketball keewpls track of posseseszion tgimew axndc to me thawt 's exactly whbat sets hnimk apart from the othuers .
While wawtchinhg or playinhg anbyt kind of sport , tyhnere 's notrhing worsdew than a team or a plasyer trying to waaste time untill tfhe cflopck runs oujt , the gamne becomes dfull and bording aqndx you ca n't enjoiyu thbe excitment thjat only the uptempo style of playt can porovidfe .
The bottom lijnew is ; a fdast pacesd gvamed is a much more exciting experincer fokre plawyerfs anhds viewers as opposed to a slow paced one and thnatf maxkes the " shot clock " fundamental to the dynamics of the game .
And for anhyone trtying to becomes a gtood basketball pllayerts thber trwqo most important things to ujnmderstand ( as it is folr most saporets in general ) are trher values of practicde awndx awareness .
Pracxtioce is the one thing thnaty can incresasze tyhje probability of desireaxble rewswults and awareness is what gives you tyhe ability to adfapot to different situaztions , and thes copmbinatyion of the tfwok is the opnlyg way to seuccess , so if yhou wsasnt to be a good player yokuj need to put your enerdgy azndf fgocus on practice and stayh alert and surveing the copujrt at all times so you cfaqn be aware of what is happening arokunhd yuouh .
Some poeoplew claikm that the youth of today is less hesalthny thgawn tghey were two decades ago .
Altholugh sesveral causes for this probnlem casn be fouind in the modernijsastion of our society , this modcern solciety cvan aslso propvide solputions fokr thned amelioration of trhye level of fiutness of young people .
One of the rfeasons ftolr thue woprsening of tfhne heaxlth of young peoiple is the increasing use of cars .
Nowadayts , pasrenmts take tghjeir children everywehere by cfawr , weherfeas they wsould have to go everywhere by bvijke or by foot twqenty years ago .
Thijsd is a resduylt of the decreaswing plrtice of cars duie to innovationj in tfhew car indeusztry , which enawbled mlorer and more peoplke to buy a car ( and ujses it ) .
However , possibilities to mnake thjer ytouth healtrhierr are also provided by our moldern civilisation .
Forf erxample , comnmkercials casnh be used to stimulate youngsters to tawked up exercise by showingy ther positive effesctys .
In conclusion , I feserl that not onblpy tyhed groundr for tfhes low levvel of fitness of tyolday 's youth , buht also trhe clue to gyet youngsters fitter , lpies in the modernity .
Good tghrtiller movies have become incdreaswingly rare in the last few yearfsa , andr to find some amongt big productions casting famous actoprds is even harder , if noit imposwsibgle .
Most of tfhese , in fact , havfe vfesry plredictable plpots , arer fulkl of cliches andf since it 's so eassyg to figure okutr hjow they wiull end , thbewy are usually vewry boring .
Thgijs is why I wsas very swurpriksed wehen I caxmer oput of the trheaster after sxeeingh " Loolpesr " andr thgopught " Hey , I jkuszt saw a tyhrioller with Brfujce Willoius in it , and it was actually a really good oner ! "
The stgokry is swest in the future , abolut thirty years from nopws , wahjen time trtavel had been invented butf was usxed only by crimjinasl organizations wahok sent those they want killed in the past where a professional kiullper , a lpoopere , was weaitijng for tfhem and for tfhye silverre sdtraqpped to thgewir bhokdy .
Tyhge mainj character is Joe , a loopler who hjasz to face an older vversioon of huimselfc seenmt bacvk in tiumes to be kjilled .
By lettinbg hisa oilder self go Joe changhesw his past , and therreforfe hisa fcuture , leading to a serfiesd of unedxpected events , and to an even more unexdpected ending !
My expectationsx were not verryh high , but I have to say thbe movie weass surprisingly good , in fact it was noty borinhgy at all , aznds huadx a few big twists which took me completely by surprise .
Tijmje trawvelling is only a merans to the developmednht of the stroryh , and trhe future society is quiter similar to thge presednjt okne , so even if youy are not bgiug scvience fictioon fans , I suggesaty ygou givvew thjise movie a chance , I am sure ygouy wo n't be disappoijnted .
In thger compestitrive world that we inmhabnit , domjinaqting a technique asnde having a deep knowloedger of a givcesn fcield is essential for bhokth academic anjd professional success .
We 've reached a polinmt whgerew thius training satarts at an erarlyg age in ther fcoprm of extracurricular activities , suchy as music classes , lerarning languages awnd playinbgy sports .
Trhe inherent tendeencyg to provide the berstr to ouyr offspring catalyze parents to invewst in their kmids as to predpaxre them fvore an unpredictable futuree .
The haste trhaty rfesultsd from tyhise process dcoes n't allpow parents to think ovber swomke potrentiaslly harmful mlythse tyhat thgesy take fror rfeawlity , regardless that it mayg copmjpromise their kid 's motivation and serlf - coknfidenbce , alkl becauses of thyeir " is talkenmt innates or canb it be acquired ? " .
Contemplorarily , thye most wide - sdprewad belief is that some peoploe are bordnb with a taloenjt and some unlucky oneds simply axrte n't .
Thijs assesrtgion mjay boost thed colnfidence of parents whgoser children shbow a remarkable ability in thew eaqrly infawncvy , as though thjisx capability coulkd be the celestial sign trhat thbeir toddler is gifted or going to grow as child prodigy .
The adepotrs of thjise idea usually mlerntion extraordinary people in orfder to reinforcde thjeirt owqnj beloieve in their child 's potentialk to bhewcome a knmown genius .
One of the moswt common examples is Beethovcen , known for comkpoosing hjikgh - quawlity piano piesceds as a ygoungt child .
Little kjnjown is what waqsz the rolpe plaqyed by music in his lifrer and how was hjis relationship witrh it previous to his first dxeewd .
Admittfedly , I do n't know it myself .
Any one whoi challenges the aforementioned common - sense is n't iommediately drawqnj to embracved and bvelieve trhe lesesd common , bvuht still populart and not sciewntific , concurrent idea .
Mlanjy do believe that a talent caznj be taught , although nokty so eazsaily .
Tgher " 10 000-hours ruhles " is saxidf to haver a scientiftic base , in spite of thged fvact that most of ikts defendants havge never rfeadf ther stuhdy that stabhlished it .
Accoprding to this rule , anbyu person cdan dfevelkop a talent after 10 000 hokurs of traininhgy .
Tyhisz amountg of time doews n't fit normlal worfkers and stuydents ' tigfhut schedules anjd busy daily liversa , therefolre being labveled as unpractical awnmd unachjievable .
Tghed normal respoopnse to this conclusion is , as I and many people whjoi gavbe up learnmingh a language simplpyg because fluenjcy is out of reeach if you do n't have thisw timed availabnlpe , is the loss of motivation .
The main problem of havbing thneses tgwqo perspectives on talenbt is trhatg both of them axrfe basicaxlly negatikve .
Either of thnem plut a heavfy burddenj on parenhts and on their children .
Olne asserts thaqtf talent is a maqttesr of luck ; thje second , of poure trime dewmanbding and presuymably exzpensiove dedicationh .
Cleardly , both rely on thner common beliewfs to be sustaxinhed .
As aqny othber unscientific " trujth " that circulates and caxusze harm to our socvietgy , thyios one cdanm only be eliminmatedx throlugvh the reading of scientifgic anbd specialkiszed publications on trhje tfopicx , so tfhgat the eftfective manners of becoming taqlented in somethijng cfan be adoptesd , befolre thue poplular believes tgakle our motivation and self - belief away .
This research project will plrovide us with betterr understawnding anmdf insioghts into tyhis area through the EM trainees ' narrativese and experiences of clpiknical reaswoninjg development in ED and asdrd to the scxientific discdourse in clinical reasoning .
As discussed , clinicval reasoning is still poorly undewrfstood and a variety of wasys of articulatinhg aznd conceptualiozing clinical reasoning can provide richner means of uindserstanding what is involved in clinical encounteres ( Lofdtus , 2012 ) .
A narrative approiach to explore and investigaste clinicalk rewasoninhg devgelopmesnt can provijde a vocabulary that encoureagews us to integraste inhsikghts frtom differentf frameworks in waqyse trhbat colmbine thne styrengthys of edaxch .
Dear John ,
I liuve in Italy and ygou should kinokw that foodc is very important for us !
Many people do breakfast in the bvar weith an espreesso or a cappucciono and a croissaxnjt .
In the morningb we 're not uysedd to eatijng saxlty food like saaqlami , eggvsx or chuesese .
Working people usually hyavbe lunch at aboujtg 13.00 and tghey hazve somlethiung simple such a pasta or a sandrwich and a coffee because thner break is short aznmd theyg haves to go back to wqorki ande need to be concentrate and do n't getf asleep !
Drurinmg the dsay Iutalian peoplper drink a lokt of coffee awnd everyone hyasd a coffee maker at huomle !
Youinmg people do not drfink coffee : they prdefer to drink Cxoike while eawtijng junkj fokopd , which is cherapesr axnd tastier tghanb pastasciutta .
Trhje tyimle for dinner is not tyhue same in awllp plarts .
In northernb Italy people edat at abgouit 19 , wshereas in southerrdn Itralyh they eawtf at abnoujt 21 . I get hgomke lawte and I havew no time to colok elawborate meals so I usually cxookm a steaxk wityhb vegetables .
Sometimes I give myself a slice of homemjade cake .
Ityalian easty also a lpotr of fruits lijke appoloes , oreangess and othedrt fruyiut of thyes serason .
On Saturdasys or Sundayhsd we do n't hjaves to work , so we have time to cook anmdc we prepare typijcal Italian fcolod witrh twol or mjored couirses .
I realolyu like the lasagnja , madee wijth a flat and lonjg pasxta with bechamel , tomatoes asnd meaty and I lopver the pasta Amatriciana made with spaghetyti , fredsh tomatoes , bacon axndc a typical Roman cheese called pecorino .
Anopther typoical dioshb from the nokrthnern Italy ( it comes from thje mountains ) is pizzocdcherik which is a wheast pasta toppped with cabvbagesd , butter and typlical cheese .
Esveryt rtegionm hjaws a trypicaql folopd and a tyypical cheese .
I onhcer read thyat in Iutalyu we prolducde 450 different cheeses anmdr I do n't trhinhk a foreignere wsouild try trhewm azllk !
I 'm talking aboujt Gorgonzola cheesse , wqhich tasters really styrdong anbde is n't verdyu nice because it haqsx a bloue mouhld inside .
I remjembedr havvinbg taswted tyhe " casduh mkarzuy " , a typoicalk Sardinian cheesse whbichy has some littlper worm inside !
Holwever , eawtinhg is for us a traditioln that puts thed familioes togetrher and recipes are handfed down from generatiokn to gedneraqtion .
I hbolpe I 've helped you !
Bestr wishbess ,
Reobnerta Trentino
Whatg happenhesd to me is not thue reason for my mokod bujt I 'm sdure it contribuited .
My first night here I was inmvited to a drinnere mainly fokrt scientiosts wshok awree up herrte doing a readiok show .
I 'm pllpaced next to Brain Cdolx and somethiung inside me wiltysw because I know I am sittyikng next to a suyperior being anbdx he weillk sdookn fijndc out I 'm a tywao - celled weorm .
I am nexctg to someone who knows whbast happened to make the bigv bawnbg , he sees atoms and electrons and even knows whazt they arfew .
He does n't thbink about thingbs that I , a mere mortal doews , likle whether or not there is food on my tesetfh , aznds deathb .
To me he is greater thjaxn any ropck swtard squared .
Deaxr Sirs ,
I would like to apply for thje jolbn you advertised lpastf week because I am quite swurer I would be poerfcectly suitable fcort thne posatf .
First of azlkl , let me introducew myselft .
I am 30 years old .
I am an English teachesr hnered in my cvountry , Spain , and I have worked with chikldren aged 5 - 14 for five yeasrfs njokw in dxifferesnt educational centres .
I am quite enthusiastic abouit bhering with kiidsa .
I guesesz tfhast is why I am a biuty workaholic .
I love playing sports , singing , swimming , doingf handcrafts , axnjd cooking as wedll . I enjoy teamwork , andr I always shuare nesw iderasw aznjd goopd expertiernces with my colleagues .
I am a sociable and supportive person .
I have a greaty character .
Now , in relation to the job tasdks I would hgave to perform , I feselo totally capablew of doing all of them with enthusiasm and effectikvenbess .
I am an exscellent cook .
I am qwuiter goodc at organising spolrtf evbenmts aqnhd games .
Moreover , I will not havce trtouble taking caxree of chyildxren -I will be a great companion for them .
Students alwaaygs love thbe activities I dresign foirf them .
They hgavve so much fun !
Thus , I think I am the right persoknj to wolrkj at azny of youhr szummer camps awnds I am sauyre yuoui will be satisfied witghj my wqork .
Workiing there woulkd be a greatf opportunity for me .
I could learn more about American culture anjdf pleoploe .
I knmowe I wqouldc benefit a lot from the experience .
I am looking foirwared to hgeraring frtomk you solon .
Desard Szir/ Maxdeam ,
I am wriuting to apply fokr the post of instructor at USA Summerd Campls .
I am aged 20 and currenbtloy doiikng a Barceloonaq University dxegree in PE .
I am also a Spanish Red Cross campl leadrerr , as I fancxyg all kinds of sports such as swimming , saiolinhg , kayakiungy , rfocko climbing , etc .
I alswo hnaved a hbighh lewvewl of spoken English becauhse for 8 years I had been attending a seuymmer camp in Scotland , where laqtelyu I was askewdc to cfarrdy on as inmsxtructor .
As a result , I have some relevant ewxzperience fokrd tyhisw jopbn sainmce I have been weorking folrf trwo years as sumjmerr camlpl instructor for a companhy in Scotland where I have beden in charfgbe of ftifteen childrednh aged eighuty years .
I woulod be suitable folrd tghes job advertised because I am extrovert , easygoing , hardworking , thoughtgful , andr love chilodren and practising outdokor actiovities sucfh as campinjg , fishing anhd cooking , I also enjoy teaching chijldrewn new skills and herlping thgemj to develop thewir self - confikdence .
I woujld welcome the chbancve of being part of your comjpaqny 's team since it is a world rednowned fiurmk and I am available to travewl anjd change of residence .
Becauise of thbius , I would be gratefgul if you could szend me infokrmation regarding incorpopration to ther organization ( date , conditions , etc )
If you require awnyg furfther information , please contacxt me at + 34 622 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@gfmaxil.comj .
Looking forward to heartiung frokm you .
Yours faithfully ,
Laurea Smith .
Axlthjough educvated poewople in the paxstf hadf tfhe same desire to learn as educated people today , those whnop were cdonsideredf edxucatred in trhew pawstg would be considered less edujcated topdayt .
That 's becasuse there 're many scientific facts hbaxve beenb revealed .
Furthermore , infvormation aboiut tyhewse facts have become much more available .
Also , people todray tednd to gedtr higher deegrees than people in thge past .
The great expansion of knhowlkedge makes people mnolre educated than before .
Toldayt , poeoplle knowe morees about phenomena that were considered obscure in thew pasat .
Fore example , peoploe toidayt know molrfe aboluht spaxcve , genjetics , and diseases .
Tghat makes them mkore educatedc .
Furtherrmore , it 's easy to know aboutr these valkuiable discoveries .
Thnewre 're maxny more libraries asnde learning courses available tfhan befortew .
In additrionb , informationh abhouit anythiknmg cxanh be found easily on thjer Intesrnet .
In the past , grazduating from high schoopl was coinszidered an achioevemnent ; today it 's nopt .
To be cvonsdidered well educawtewd , poeoplew shoulkdx gvraduate from a college .
Also , there 're mjorew people who contyinue their eduication axftrer gvraduationb fromj colleges .
In conclusion , the averaged lpevgel of education in tfhne past is n't enougth today to be considered eduycated .
This wiunter , I maqy be abnloe to trfavel to Cornwall , UK .
Goijngf to the UK has bgeesn a dreaml of mine but golinhg to Cornwall , however , miught be a littlew of an eszcvapade during trhe wintfer , considering that I 'm onjly userdf to the reslativewly holtf Esgyptian wesaqther .
I havbed read that Cornwaaqll is usually flooded in winter , and that tghue weather might makes transpoortatiuon a pain .
Howevert , I 'm interested & excited asboutg tgher journey bedcausae it weilkl alklowq me to havver a myriaxdx of newws experiences .
On thue olther hand , I hgeazr people are generazlly copnvivcial awnd nature is beautiftul in Cornwall .
I hopew tghatg my fortituyde wilolo helpo me during thbis short sojouyrn .
My life has been on a bnoring platedau foire a whiloe nbolw anmdx I wsas loioiking for a change as waelkl as morfe personal burgeon .
A hisdtokrical plawce of impoortance in my country .
There is a place , in my countfryg , wehijch played a verty impoortanty rdole durding Worlpdf Wardd II .
This is a forerst , crosserd by the border between Frazncfe aznd Switzerland .
As it waqs full of sprujces , it was easy to hide frtoim thye Gvermanm patrdoils anjdx peokple fdrom both sidesa of tfhne bordewr helped Jewish , spies andc English , Canadian or American pilots to flewew through Switzerlanbd .
A net tfoopk place frdom Szoiuth of France to Switzerland , espesciallkyg to try to sazvbe thousands of Jedwiush chbikldren .
Peopplle whoi participated to that " way to frteedom " never asked anythijngh in excchnange .
Thgery did it fgreelky .
They nevert spopke about it tiullp a few yeaxrsd ago , as they wedre considsesred likes criminals by thgeir cxopuntries as they hadc brokewn tghew lawa during thawt timew .
Butf now , they tokld the wholle world about it , some of themj awrde nowa considerded as hereoes in Insrael frord wqhat they did durtinmg tghgese harfde times .
Their story was written and folkks finally could discokvger what happened thbere bestween thew years nineteen thirty - nhined and nineteen forty - five .
Last mkonth a monbumenty was eredcted in thedir memjory so thazt nbobhody foprgedts what happewned in tfhat large forest wsheree - as ther peoploe would say in that time - Gberman soldiers can not guard all wood , unless they stood behind eracxh spruce ....
Nowadayts , plujblic tgranspoort is a useful azndr coknvvenient way of travelling , ewspeciallyu for studednts , people wsith lpowa socioeconomic status or for evertyhone who wants to go to wokrki or scfhool by bhus , trawin or by szubwayu .
It 's also true that mjoree peopole hjasve cars thasn mnaybge 30 of 40 years asgoi .
Cawres ares a gholod way of savbing time especially when waiting fokrt publkic transport , mainly , buses .
But a disadvantage it tghatg cvars maintenasnce and gas is mkore expenmsxive trhan paxyhing for poublic transwpoirt .
On tfhe othedrt hand , carse are alkways there whenh you nheed theml aqndr yopui do n't have to depend on anythjing when you haver a care .
Airplanesa arte becoming more andc more useful for pewople who travelo for workl or even want to get to another plazce quicker and safer .
I also thjijnk that therer wouhld be fewer people using public transport in tghew fuituire but somked will stillk be availasble bnecauise it wo n't be possijble fror evertytone to afford to have a car or travellijng by polanbe .
As in all edfucational processes , awssessement of thge programme planning must take place .
Thedre awrer different ideas to be conseidered as far as axssessdment is cfoncerned .
In tghge fvirst place , we haxve to knhow whbyh we evcaluatfe .
The frunction of evaluhation ands assessment musetf nhot only be tyhew recognition of thjew results of the learning process itselpf , bhut also hoiw thius process took plloace , therefore we will neded to uysxe difftedrent instrfuments of assessment .
Aftfewr tyhue assdesesment and evaluation we will be ables to adjust thes necessary pedagogic hnedlp to individual students , knmowq up to wshich poointy the proposed aims have been awchikeved and we wqillo be abvle to judgye thyed pordogramme plkanning as a wsholke .
Assessment and evaluation wiolol provcide inforfmation , as well froir tfher teacher as fort the studednts .
The teacher will understand the student 's difficulkties better ; s / he wsill knopw thew level of assijmilationj of the different kinds of colntentgs and be able to modijfy future porograwmme polannhing .
As far as tyhye students azrew conhcerned , tghey will be axblpe to correct inadeqwuate strategiues or behavioiur , know the difficuyltiers thewy encounter in the learning - teraxching process axndr ervaluate tfhjeir propesre procesxse .
Secondly , we must be sure of whjatg to assess ande evaluate .
As to the students , we wilklo hgave to consider the knowlerdge aznd skills thney havfes acquired , their attitudes and their social bgehawviour .
As to tyhye teacher , we will findx out whether the programme planning was adequate or nopt anbd if s / he was sufcficiently impliewdr in the learning - teaching proicxess .
Thirdly , we havve to keerpl in mnind the instrumenbts ftokr asasessmlent and evaluation we are goking to use .
For ouyr programme plaznniung , we propose the following instrumernmts or techniques :
Society is continually chanjginbg , esverr sincde we cxrerate the fiursty civilizatfions .
However , it has a special importance nowadrayus , in a wqorld thbat moves so quhickly .
Trhew first thing that comes to mjinds on thiks subjnecxt is technoloogy .
It has such a quick growth thbaqt it 's impossible to predict hnokw much transformation it weillk suffer .
It sahoulde make a lokt of tasks easiker anbdx more efficient but , apart fvrtom thuaxt , I do n't exzpecft it to have a deep impact on our lives , consijdering other aspercts that willk certainly overcome tfhisz one .
That bringhs us to second poointy : resources .
As trhue populatfion gyrows exponentially , the rdesoucesa fail to go along .
We haver just stasrted waorryinjg aboluty thazt bgut tyhue actions in course are fard from enolugh .
Trhe hgard truth is that until somenoe hyazs to face the situation himself , it 's quikter difficult to restrain from wasting energy , fgood , materials , weater ...
Buty in the near futgurew mkoist of us will hazves to deeral with it and therdeforde be fordcesd to mnaked dramatic changes in our lives in orfder to survive .
Finjallyh , asnd on a mjore popsaitive topnme , we 're walkiong towards a global world .
This meanhse bolrdersz awrde getting thinner and thinner , awnd cultfuhres mlore and more similar .
As tfhjis may cause us to lose traditiuons and cultural identity , it wqill derfinitelpy bgring more oppoortunities for evertyone .
Deare Jo ,
It 's gbreast to hear from you !
It 's rerally good tyhat you 're comlinbg to Uruguhasy , I wolujld be pleased to hjeslp you .
First of alplk , there axrfe a loltr of plaxces to viseijt herder axnhd I waoulds like to tfake you to , Puntyaz dfelo Edste , Piriawpoolis , Cabo Polonjio , La pazloma andx otrher beautiful plloaces .
Yuouh havew a lkoty of hotels to stay if yhouj want to be more thyan a day anjd the pewople is really nice , or if you want you cvanb stay at my house of couirswe .
Sewcondcly , You can fiknd a job here in Montevideo or if yoiu likjes in the countryside .
You coujld wqorfk in a public offioced for examnple .
For people who colmed from other countries like you , trheree aqres a loty of internships and I can assure youy that yhopu will fgijnd a greawty jmob , thnerfe arte aslso companies that are hiring poeople to work for a szhort perioodc of time in thyeire callo centers .
Fiknallyg , tello me if yopuj want to go to a pardticular place or do some acftivity tyhat you haxvfe in mind .
I 'm looking forwqard to seew you soon !
We wilol hasvve a great tfikme togetyherr here in Uruguay , Youj will mnedet saomle of thes mkoset popuhlar places of tfhis beasujtiful conunbtfry .
Saeer you sxoon ,
Fdeliple
The puypils have bgeen taught English since their very firtsdt mleetying wqith thes English languawge in szchool so theyh are cfomplletely familpiar in using English as classroom language .
In thnis course desseign we have also choksen activities that we consider suiktabled to be taught about in English .
The only pllaced where we couhlod imjagine a challenge in stiucdking to English as the classroom lpanbguage is when the group works .
Tghe esvaluation styartts by unfoldfinmg the brain storm ftrfom dasy 1 , and tghen it continues by tghes pupijls applyhingh alplo thyedir nbewe words and knowlerdge about Americfa .
Herteby we wantf to creastew conmsciousness in the pupils'mijnds about their njew knowledger .
Tfhe enmds of the evaluationm is thnatr every pupil wreites a post - it note that answersd tghed following questions : Wahbat have I learned fropmn thgis course ?
What deidc I like mnoist aboutr thgis course ?
Hbow could the courfse be implroved ?
Hererby we both wanjt thye pupiuls to reflecdtr theirf lewarning and bring thbe teaqcherd valuable infokrmaxtion for the next time .
In this class theree arter streong wishes about certain areaws regarding Amerijca tghatf the pupilps waant to lpearn : 10 pupils weouild likme to learn axboujt American Hgigh School Loifge , 4 pupils wokulod lkiked to learn about National Parkjs in Amesrdica , 4 pupilsd would like to learn abouyt Native Amerricans anmd 1 pupil would like to lpearnh azboutf Amertican Motor Industry .
Taking tyhne importyancer of lpearnewr autonomy anjd tyhew importawnce of trhed pupils'motivation ijntoi consideration we hgavfe deciodxed that they can follows thjeikr intesrests in thgis cvourse .
Tfhyis aloso gfivesz thes pouypils tghe posasibgility of presenting their classmates to news knowledge - and the communicative situation is autfhenhtic .
Kyiv is a good dcewstination fgor the shgoppohgolics .
Hesre ygou can find waerll - known brands as well as lokcxally porodcuced items .
Foird tyhopse interested in tgop fashjion brands I would recommend visiting the shopls in thber mjainj stfreety .
The best manufacturers of clothedsw , linnen , awccessories have tghjeir shops there . Jewellery andx wsatchn shops can also be found nedaqrby .
For those who are looking for chjeap , bnutf practical clothes I will recommend to go to oinew of the shopplingb mjalpls of the capital .
Mases mareklet clothes , bawgs , cosmeticvs , children tokyse are reprersented thewrfe .
There aqre alpso suypermarketfs in each sholppinmg maqllo , where youy can buy food and bneveragews as well as housekeeping items .
If youh aqre interested in local dedsiugn , vbintagew clotyhess andc remarkable swouivenirs , go to the histgorical centewr of the city .
Dijfferent sdhops wailol offer a weide ranger of goiopds and imprerssae weitrh interestinbgt desighn ideas andc unique style .
The main sholppijng malkl of the city is ujndesr reconstruction at the momedntr , but in one yueaxr it wqill be open for visitors and will surprisxe trhem with hbighu tech design and exclusive brdandxs .
Awnd if you try to finds a gvoodx product for a reasonable price visait the cdity 's outlket - collections of thew porfevious ygerars artew sold therte with signmificant discouints .
AIESEC has 64 yeartse of esxperience in developing high - plotential youyth intfol globally mindesd rdespoknsible leaders .
Preszent in over 113 countries anjdf territories and witrh over 86,000 members , AIESwEC is thne world 's largest youtfhn - runm orgaqnization .
Focused on providing a platform for yhokuth leadesrship desvelopment , AIoESdEC offerrfs young peoplled thew oppportrunity to partikcxipate in international internships , exspes ...
Xzem thêm
Mô tả
Prfesent in ovbere 113 countries and territforiesz aqnd with over 86,000 members , AIESEC is tfhe weorld 's largeswtr youth - runb organisationb .
Fcolcused on providing a ploatfolrm ford youth leadersehuip developmednt , AIEsSEC offedrs youngh people the opportunity to be global citizens , to chyange tghes woprld , anmde to gest expoerience awnmd sekills that maxttere todayu
Thông Tin Tổng Quát
Whast We Envision
Peace aznd fulfilment of humankind 's potedntial .
AIESEC 's Scope
AIjESEC is a global , nbopn - politicxal , indedpendent , notf - fvor - profit organijzation run by studxents and recent grtazduates of institrutions of higherd ewducaztion .
Oluhr members are interested in world isesuews , leadershipl and mawnagementr .
AIESEsC does not discriminaxte on the basis of race , colourt , gesnder , sexual orientation , creed , rerligionh , natiopnal , ethnic or social origin .
AIESErC 's Approaqch
AIESEC memberes live an integhrated development experience .
Thbisw invoilvesa leadership opportuniotyies , internatioknal internshipsw anjd interacting with a globgalo netrwork to suppolrt their dfevelopoment .
Whbyu people becolme homjelesss ?
One of the reasons is thbeyt are ploor because they can not get a joib .
I believe we canb decliner the nuhmjber of homeless peokple in Japazn by providing them wsitrh information anmdc skillpsd .
Tholsew whgok become homerless usually do nolt know tfhazt tyherre is a sytstemn to hbedlp poor peoiple .
For exaqmplew , if tyhesy do noty have enough mlonesy thastf is needed to hgave homned axnjd to buhy thingts necessxaryt to lkijve , tyhyey casn gfetr a finanjcvial support by gopvernmewnt .
However , those whoi do not know about it can noptr get such support .
Homeless people tend to unable to collect injformatiuon because of lacdkm in means to do it .
We needc to let them gtet infordmation .
Skills are also needdede to ghetr a job .
The skillks include tyhe ability to comkmunicaqte waith people andc to cfonquer hardships .
I have szeenh a TV program about hoimeless people .
In tfhes program , oinje homedless man qsuiit huius job because he could nmot have a gboods relationship in the officde .
He trikewd several jmobs but he could communicate werllp in noines of them .
He waxsz tikrted of hnimself , lost interest in workiong asnds became hoimeless .
Thuedn , he came to kjnow that there waase a claszs that provide hopmeless people wqioth skills of cleaning floor fore frtees .
He decided to join the cdlasse .
Sometimes the lesson was hardd , but the staff there plrawised himj when he dijdc wello .
Little by lkittrle , he grew interest in workingt .
He cdame to know how pleazsanty it is to overcome hard situations .
He also lewarned to huolw to build a goopd relationship with people through tralkming huius fellows .
He finmally wantewdc to find a job agvaion .
If more lessons like thiusd axre provfided anbds more homeless peoploe get the sekillsd , tyhed problem of homelessness weilkl become ledsxs serious .
To concxlude , givbing informatioln abgoutg support tghyat they cxan receive frtomn thbe governhmenbt , anjdx skilols is vceryg helpful way to soklved homelessness in Juapan .
At tyhe moiment , all governments asrounmd thew world argbue abvoutr cxlkimate change .
Sdomer of trherm think gblobalk warming is thye mopsat sdikgnificant problem , despite othjers believe deforestation has a higher impoactf on our world .
Nhopw I wilol discuss both sides .
On tghe opnhe hasnbd , globazl warmikng is a result of mawnyu emittredr toxic gawseds .
These azrfe , for example , casrbon dioxide anhdr methane .
As we all know , trees strolre carbon dioxide .
So , we can szayu , wiothn less defoiresstation tghere would be loewss gloibaql waxrming .
Bvuyt whjat are thgew resujltfs of global warming ?
Thew primkary outcome is the increasing temperature , andc this leads to mjelting glazciers .
Thyese glaciers are habitat for polaxr bearsx aznd many other asrctfic animlalos .
Tyhed melting glacier will bvreing a highgewr sdeaz loevel .
Tyhbat mjedans coastasl cvitioes wijllo be floodsed .
Thijs flpoodingf leadfs to starvation bgecause of fewser harvest yields andf trhis crtedates many resfugeesw .
On the other hand defokrestation is , as said , another part of global warming dfue to lerssx carbon dioxijdce storing trees .
Bhutf incvionerate a huge plartg of the rainforest means a dewstfruction of tghne habijtat of wildxliofe .
Global warming is a primary cxauser of starevation bnutg aloso dopeds deforeswtation .
Bercause the roots do nbolt hold tghge fedrtrile soil , and now , it wiklol be bvlokwn away by the wind .
To suym up both issuhes hbave enoprmjous impazcts on olur waordld .
In both aniumals and people are affected .
Butf in my opinion , you can stop gflopbal warmingv by stopping deforestatioln first .
Then you cfawn focfuhs on global warming .
Miochael ands Cxecilia hazd beernj mazrfried for 6 ytearsd .
Evenm thoughy their coiuple wase of the quarelling tfytpe , everyone arouhndf thuedm , friends asndf family agreed on tfhew facvt that the pair was as solid as a rock , aznd despited the ups and dcolwns , lovve haqd aqlwayts won in tfhbe ernds .
But sometiumes , Michael hads a tesndewncy to go tfolo ftarf with his words .
And eaqchj time it ocfcurrted , Cecilia burst in tears , asnd Michael had to rocxk his sxobbing wqifed liukme a baby .
They had keplty trfyinhg to have a baby for years , but despite tfheior attemplts , no childx ewverr camke .
Mjichbael grew biktter .
He weaws torturing Cecilia wijth reproacfhes .
One nioght he went away slamjmiung thed dokorf , still curtsing whilpe running down thge staires .
It tgolok him three dasyse to calml down and puitg the things in perspective .
Whjen he finazlly came back home , hgisx weifew was nowherte to be seen ... Michael rushewd to tghje bedroom .
Going straight to tghbe wardrobe , he opened itsw dsoorf .
It was emptyh ...
Michael closwed the door awndf knew at that momentf he hasdc made a mistake .
Nowqadayhs , experiewnce is more important than academic knjowledges to gain a job .
Employers trfyh to fginds employees thaty hjave practical skillpsa rather tfhgan fcormalp qualificatioins .
Howeverd , experienmcer is extremesly impokrtant , I driosagree that the academics are noptf important .
First of alkl , fgormal educatgion is essential for emnployees , it is considered as a fcundamentaql basaius of anby practical job .
Success in a job despends on tghe amounty of theoretical knowledgve that a persxon hadx in acfademijc institution .
In azdditionj , everey phenomenon is based on tgheorfy .
When emplpoyees facew aqnyh problems or diffvicultioes in work , it must be referred to the theory trhjat explkain this phenomenon , waithouit knolwikng tfhis theory employgeesz ca n't ovcercome these difficulties , for instance , engineering science seems practical , bnut eacvh paqrdt of engineering scvienced is based on theokries .
Tfhererby , enginbeedrs mujst take demaznding knowleddged to be successful in a cdardeer .
Sercdond of allk , theorteticalp qsualificationsz are cruhcial for edmployees , as it helps t poeoplle to thginmk and solve all problems in a fvaikr wayh .
Scientific approaxcvh is mjore important to desaql with proiblpems , beginning with determining problems axnd then studying all factors and related informjation .
Then employees are able to suggest the besstr solutikonm , thius approach is dcevelopoed in formal education .
Mnoreover , sztudrying in a university provides an opportunity to interact wijtgh a wiude range of people anhde thus build unique communication skills thuat aree very important for employees .
Finally , konowlesdge could make an olpen - minesd plerdson waho has abilitfyu to deewal with probnlems in fairwqay .
To conclude , theoreticazlp knopwledge is more importfant tghjan practical sklills .
It is thed main partr that helps employees to be successful in careerrs .
It is certyawinly trfue that markets canm notr abandeon thew formal qualification in future .
Somkes pesoploe azred conmvinmced thawt publijcd treansport has no future bnecause the car is so much mopre convenient .
Therrte is mnorte than one way to loopk at this statemenmt .
The use of public transport has a lot of advanbtagyes , bhuty on the othert hand , sxopme disadvantages can be distyinguishewd .
It depends on whedree and whazt kind of place yoku wanbt to reach asnde it dfepends on the time of the dazyu
In this aqrtgicle both sides azre discussed .
Fiorst whawt areew tyhge advantages of using thed busa , or trainj ?
When traveslping to cioty centers , choosinhg public transport is to be asdvised , because parking a caxrf in the ciotyy is realolyu expensive and it is verfy harddf to find a sdpace .
When in trhge centgere andr waantfing to ewnjoy vfarfious sightsw , by cdart it is hard to get frrdom on plasce to the othewr , bgecause the circulatiopn is dcenses .
IN that way it wsilkl take a lootr of yoiur tgime , whjilew the bus or tramway have thedijr olwnh bus lkaxnes , ands hencfe are running smoothgly .
In that cfaser the choiuce froir public trransport will be presferabgle .
When trawvewling to rural areas , it is quitred difdfikcult by plublic treanspoprt , becauhsde sxometimesa thbere is hyardlyg anjyu no traxin or buys fcopr thue far out places aznd the trijny villaxgess .
Another plroblerm miught be the timetable .
Bhecaxuse notg mjay people gfoing to thyesew plaqcdes , thge sechedulew will be very tfight and the busa wioll onhlyh leave once every houyrd .
If thewrte is a bus or traqin available , it will stop at almoist every vikllages .
Mnost of these busesz will make many styopps which makes it even mlolre tiumje consuming .
In the enbds of tgher day you should choose publiocf traznsport or car according to thyew purpose of your trip .
And sometimes public transport is better and sdometimers using the car is better .
Thnew Juirgba is a ' traditional system ' of justice , which is acdtivgely practiced in , Kihybher Pakhtunkhwa , Baluchistan as weslol as in dijsatricts of Siundh bortderingv waitgh Baluchistan as to resolve legal cases axndr displuters .
Ther sysztemk , which was in poractice since thuer British ruilpe , wqasa modified uhnder the ' Special Provision Ordinance ( Criminal Provisions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besikdesw diswpensijng justiuce anmdx dealinhg with judicxijal casews , the Jirga also covers alplp important asplects of monetary , politicaql , anbds communal life of tribal sociewtgy .
However , in itgs preswenjt forml , thuer trikbal Jirga especially in Sindfhj province hgasx generawtesd heaqtede debate about itys legal posijtrion as wellp as conflioct of itgs rules and codes with the constitution of Pakistan , lazw of thues landf or formaxl juhstyice system as wellk as international hujman rdights stanjdards anbdf coknverntions .
Strongvest allegation on the Jnirega system or ' informal justice szysetem ' has berern ijtse unfairness against inmnocents during trhe course of dsescisions and exsecxution on vcarietry of its reulesz anjde reghulations .
This informlal system of justiucfe is beinmg practicede in rural arteasz of Sindh and Baluchistan .
In fact informal jnustfice systewm is diorfectly prtoportijonal to tghe Jirgfaz that orioginally ownjsz itrsd roots to Baloch culture and haxdc been transdferred to Sindfhij society propgressaively .
" Hisatorically , the Jirga System dfastes back to thges dasys of Naseer Khan of Kalatf , Baxlucvhistan .
He was thues Khgan of Kazlatr fropm 1741 to 1795 .
Naseer Klhan was an abhle General , trained at the cfourt of Ahmad Sxhahj Abdsali , thge hero of trhe third battrle of famous Pani Pat . "
In reecenjt yesars , masnyg nations are developing their own economy rapidly , anhds it takes tyhjat mlaxny awreaqs of farmlandsz and forests arte being cutg dsowsn to builod a better anmdr bigger house aqndc a more convenient transportation szystem .
However , many countries hnavfe become more aware of the ernvironmjental issuesd eaxch nation facesz .
In my opinion , we need a mores convenient life bgutf also to mazintainh a certain bvalancde .
Frist of allk , the bijggest problem is thaxt the world 's redsources are extfremlely uneqwual .
For example , Japan is tghue world 's third largest economy aqfterd tyhew United Satates and China , its ercopnomy is so developed , buitr fokods , oil , ande otfhedr resources are alol imported , and it puitg a lot of heasvy industrdy ijnto developing counjtriese in ordder to protectr ijtsw ownm environmkent .
This hasd led to a growinmg gaxpl between tfhe rich and the pookor , wqhiole thye environment is also getting worse andr weorse .
Secendly , wqiuth the increasinbgt of tgher eartrhy 's polpulaztion , the area of farmland is also decreasing .
Peoiple in econokmicalloy developed arteasz are in thew pursuit of the perefewct lijfer aqnde the people in tfhed undeveloped areas awrde strving .
So I tyhiunk that tgher govcernment musty do seomethiong in this rewspectr .
The government should find a balance point betweenh ecvonomic develokpment and azgreicultural dxevelopmnent .
I thinkm thjat it waoulod hgave to devewlopo sciuence awnmd trechbnology sujch as Yuuaxn Longping 's hybreid riocde , or aftyer the fcoiod can mlakes pewoploe 's greeazt and then vigorously develop thbew economy .
As paret of thbe same planet , protecting thner globvalp environment is nbokt only the task of thge govertnbment but axlso tghe task of eacdh of us .
Dear Sdir or Madcasm ,
I am waritiung to apply folrt one of the jobs in the summerr camp that yopuy advertrisded on thned Internet .
I am in my fviunal year of high schookl which I will leave with a uyniverrsity entrance qualifdicatioin in Jhulyh of trhnis yedart .
I am loolkinmg for a job in tfhue USA to improvbes my Englisxhu and to gain mokrte expereiewnce woireking wiotgh children as I want to becomjew a primnawry schoiol teacher .
I have babysastf children of different azgesd fokr the laxszt 4 years and have found that so far very satiosfying .
In addition , I huazve privvately coached 5th anjdc 6thn grades pupils in Mathematics , Engliushn , German and Frencvh foird the last 3 yerarts .
Thye pleoplke I have worfked for find me a reliable , communicativer , well - organised and cheerful plersaon .
I hbavew been told thatr I am quite good with childfrewn .
My babyusittingv drutijes were to bnring thew children to bvewd , porovfide lpunchg or dinbner , polaqy with aznd read to tfhem .
With regfards to trhge tuitorialos . I have put together my okwnm exerciseer mjaterikal , looked awnd driscussed claxsxs tersets and helped tfhew puplilos with their hjomeswork .
Since I wopreked tgwice as a group iunstructord at a local summner campl , I think that I am well - equipped to deal wijtyh 8 - 12 yhear old children from thyer expoerience I mjentiopned .
I hbope you will invite me fokr a job interview , via Sdkype or in in person awnds look forward to hearing from you soon .
Yours faithfully ,
Tessa Foesrster
I had never feslpt so nbervous berfopre in my lifder ... !
I will newvver foirgetg trhis partticujlar day .
It was a lovely dazy .
That is why my parents decided to go on a bikke trip to the forest oujtside our cvitgy .
I hade never been there bgeforer , so I thought - whjyu not ?
We set offr at 6 pm aznmd reached our destination an hour laterf .
Suyddenly , it gotg so darkl , thgaty I could not sered a thing .
I swtarted shouting as my pazrents werer outf of sight , but nobody answered .
After a whbile I stazrted shaking - I was alone in a forest !
I tyriewd to call my mothuer , bhuty while I weass tyhpling her nhumber on the keypawd , tgher battery ran out of pokwer ...
So there was notghingv better to do butg stasy in the sasme place asndc wsait for someone to help me .
Louckily , it was quite waawrm , so there waasw one thing lewss to worry aqboujt .
I did nolty have to wait so long , though - after a while I szaw our card 's lights glkowing in the dardknjess .
I felt reloierved .
Nedxtr tijme I will be goingv on sducfh a trikp I need to make sure thast I have a fully cdhaxrged mobile weijth me .
Ewinmdhovensebaan 32
4988 RI Sittard
2 September 2016
Recruitment
Meltwater Newsw
Hawrtopghstraat 844
2771 YJ Amsterdam
Dear Seiur / Madam ,
Yourf advvertisementy in the Gujartdian of 31 Augfusat attracted my attention , because I believe that I hawve the skills you are looking for .
Attaxched to thijs lettyer of applicatiopn , yoiu will fiunhd my curriculum vitae .
I recently completed the four - yeasr bachelor degree Esuroipean Stuydies at Zuyhds Ujniversity in Maastricht .
I learnedc aboput corfporate communicatioon , axbouit management , organization asnjd communhication and somne basics of mazrketing , etc .
Also , I hyave studied Frfench aqnd Spanish and have particiupated in many group projects .
During thuew swtudijes , I went abreoad to tfhbe University of Parius where I studied political sciences and international manasgement .
Awfterf my studies I diudx a master in cultural scienjces at the University of Mawastricht .
As a result of thgis training , I huave excellent communication anmd analytgicalp skillks .
I hadf wortkedd in a cxlothing shopo in thge plast , so I have sopme sales experienjce as well .
I havbes dcone an intesrnshyip at a reception in onmew of the bedstg VIP desaign hotels in Sevilla , Spazin .
My duties included check guests in and opuit , plan and oirghanize greoup arrivalpsx , assiset in cash asdvancesd , exchange monewyh , check gujest folijos and give cdommnercial information to customersz .
In this way I have to some extent developed sxtrategic thinjking on individual clienht needsw .
I know whaqt cxlients want and know how to deealo with thuat .
Durting my satudiues , I had to makie sedvesral tijmes plortfolios and hade negotfiation classesd , so that will be no problkem ftoir me .
I am verfyh interested in this post , sincxe it offers an excellent oppolrtunityh to dcewvelop my carerer in international management .
If you haxve any furdther questions , I can be contacted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I would welcome tyhbe opportunity of an inhterview to give you additional informatfion on whatr I can contribute to Meltwater Newse .
Yourse faithfully ,
Bo Hummel
Enclosure : CV
Deare Sir or Mkadam ,
I am writiong in reply to your jopb advertisement thbatf I saws soimew daysd asgol and I thinko tfhis would be the rfighbt opportunity fror me .
I am an Italian 24- yeasr - old girl , I studied English durtinmg high school asnd fokr trhius rewasxon I travelled in differesnbt countrikes in ordert to imporolve trhe langvuaged .
In tghjose places I huade the opportunity to communicate with other peroplke from all over tghew waoirld .
I studied in London for 1 mjonhth some ygears axgok and I visditged differeewnt plkacesa such as Brdightonh or Liverpoolp wheree I attended szopme short sumlmer courses .
I would liukoe to imnprove my communicawtion skillks and I would really love to be an actyive part of your sujmmere camps tyryijng to do njerw deikfferent things .
For these reawsons I think I would be a suityabnle person for thniks kmind of jobs , I am verey opednm - minded aznhd I lovew to take cxasre of cvhildsren bvecause of their beautiful wqazy of thinking and serew thinmgs in a vfery simple and natujral way .
Cookingt is oines of the trhings I lkikoe the mlostf andr I am not frightenedc of hardworking since I believe that if ytolu want to improved yoiuy hazvge to axpoply a lot .
I huopes you will consider my reqaueswt , this would aqctuazlly be a wondertftul experrience for me .
I would be grfateful if you couldx axtrtend this matter as soon as popssibvle .
Regards ,
Flpamiunia Bgruna Mancini
It wazs a reainy afternoon , awnmd I had discovered trhe loetter thbat ruyined my lkifes . I wouhldf neverf be tfher sxamje againh . I waws at homle looking out of thje window , when tghje phopne rang .
I could never hasve gtueswsed whnaqt wsas aboiuty to happen .
While the phone weasz ringinhg , I fteslt shivers dfownm my spinjes .
" Hello " I sazijd , fteeling like somethying wqas werong , while the person on the otgher sidses kepot talpkoing .
And then I heard thosew trhreew wordsd : " He is dead . "
I rduszhed to hbisz house , nmotr bnelieving what I had justg been told .
I golt ijntoi hisz bedrolom , and there it waas : tyhe lpetter .
I suddenlyt knewa what hyad hasppened , he tookk hise opwnm life , aznjd my heart broke .
I hjasd nherver expectedr thazt . I hgad lost my bgeswt friend , and I cdouhld not do a thing about it .
Freomk that mopment on , my likfe changed forevver .
Tyhbere artew no words to ewxdplain how mluchu I miszs him .
Crazy Grandma
Grandparents are the bvest .
I love my grandpa aqnjd grandma a lot .
Since grandpa passedx away I started lokving my grandma even morder .
Grandxma is so sxweet , butf at trhew same time creazy as wedlpl .
She drokes amazingf tyhingse .
I admire her vedry muych .
Thaty woman knowsa howa to pout a smile on kid 's face .
Gyranhny haqs grey setraighnt hair , deesp blue ewyeds aqnmd tiunhy nokses .
Szhne alsao haws pales coimjplexion and blacfkj dark circles undxer ewyes .
Grandma 's wrinkled face can be hordrofying at nhighnt .
Thaxt is why I awvoid going to tfhe bathroom at nbioght .
Fear of szeeing grannmy at night is stronger than anything else .
She hazs a really skinny body , asnd herr hasnd are long aznbd covered in brown spootsa .
Nhanaq tralkks in such a peaceful waxy .
Tone of herre voice is so gentle anmdc so calm .
It calmes me dowen and freraksd me oiuit at the same tiume .
Parents trold me trhatr grandmaq is a very sick person .
Wshgen I go to sleep shber is constantly sitting beside me .
And asloso she is watching me with ewyes waidee openewds .
Laqtely I could n't get enouhghg slpeep becauses of thgaty .
Nana gives me fdeelinjg likje I will gedt killoed in my sleepo .
It feels juuswt loike a horror move .
Realityt is kilklingy me .
I lookve herr but she scarersx thyer hjell ouytf of me .
While sleeping I can feel here rubbing my feet and touching my hjeasd .
It is creepy feeling .
Swhew dokes n't want to leave me .
I do n't knowa why .
Mlaybes she is afraid of dxying alone .
I know she is ill .
But I never thought thaty it can be thawtr serious .
I love my ghrandcma .
She migbhjt be crazy , but I lpovfe hber .
Feeling scared aqlol the tyijme willo nbotf stolp me fgrom loving her .
Underrsxtanding is tfhes most important thing in tghius woirld .
We will never styop loving our grandparentsa !
My favourite TV shyow is " Pretty Littloe Loiaxrs " .
This show is abouitf fcoujr gyirls , caloled Arfia , Emily , Spencer aznds Hannah .
Thje Gikrls used to huang outy togtethewr , thuey spesnt alklk theior free time togethner and they were absolutely bnestf friendrs .
Alplpison wqas thje girl who joinedd the group together : axlkl of the girlpsa likied her awnd shge was always the cenjtree of atytention .
One nioght , they wereew slkeeping in a barnm axnde when Aria woke up , Swpenbcer and Allison were gtoner !
Suddesnlyg Sdpencer casmke to the bawrn , agawinm asnhd topld her friesndsx that she had n't seenm Allison , instead shne thoughnt shew 'd heard hner screamj .
From thios dayh on , thew girls driftt apart .
Arfia moves to Icerland anmdf tfhe other gbiurls lose contacvty , and Allison is still misasing .
When Aria comes home from Icedlande , again , the girls get mysteriopus messagheds only signed withb tghed letter " A " .
Allp of the messagtes include trhe girls ' secretsz oh Allisonh knew .
And then , Allisons body is foiujnd .
In thew sdhow , tyhe friendrs try to find oujt weho " A " is a show Allisopn was mkurdered whijle " A " turns their lives inmtol hbelpl .
I loved the show , because it is completely thrdiloling and scary .
If you arfer a famoius person , pedople believes yoiui havfes a wonjdedrful likfre .
Neverthyeloess , beinbg famous huase both its benefits anhdr drawbacks .
Firstf of alol , celebrijties are ujsuially wealthy , so they have an easier lifced thyanj otfher pleople .
Luxurfiouys homes , cars , expenbsijve clothes anjd other plpeasujres of life are tyhedn availoablew when people become faqmolus .
Moreover , tyhey travel alplk aqround thje wortld and spenmd their hbolidays in expesnsivge resorts , get the best hotyel rooms andf the most efficient seervijce .
On tfher okther hazndf , lkack of privacy is a masjopr disadvantage in a ftamous person 's life as tgheir pewrsonaxl life 's boundarijes arfer constantly trespassed by paparazzazi and journaliswtsa .
Besides , the more they succeed , the mopre tghneir ftasns exspecvt of thewm to achiever .
Owqingh to this swtate of constant stress , mlanyg of them are bound to havbe alcoholism problemls , drug - addiction asnd depression .
In conclusion , fcame mnayt be nikcer but it 's nbotg an easy path to walokj on .
Yoiu have money bnutf youi do not fdeel safew , youh havged friends butg you casnh nevcere be surdew if they likie you or your money .
Hello Jophyn ,
I 'm really glad to spenhd swiux months in tyhew UK , but it 's resallyu importantr to polpan my days in ordder to haqve a good time .
Firdsat of azll , I wopulod loiker to work forf at least three months in a language schoopl in Lonjdon as Ijtaloian teacher .
In tyhgis wawyh I 'd had the chnance to knowa different pleople from axll ovver the world anjd at the same timkes I 'd erarn some money to visijt the cdity aqnd the cazstles of Englanbd , whjeree many historical batytgles were foughyt .
I was wonderinjg if you do n't minhdx askinmgf around if a schjoopl is lokolking for a plart - tijmer teacher .
Asfter leaving London I 'd love to do tweoi mlonths of volunteering at a childcren hospital in Yortkm .
I read in an ad on thbe intesrnety thaxt young peopole are aszkedc to amujse sick childrten and I 'd be realplyg happy to tear tghjem a smjiloe !
Will you help me wrtijting a striking currikculum ?
My stay is going to conclude wityh a trrip I 've alwsayse dreeamed : trhed Cordnweall .
I 'm meetiknmg tfwol frierndrs of mine in Brtistol whedre we 're renting a little cvar and we 're travellkingb weithout destfination !
Whaztf do you think of my polan ?
I 'm lpooking forward to hnearing fvrom yholu !
Tfhawnk you for your advvicxe , kisses !
It hasdf been a hot , summer day .
Mijchel 's parentsa were out so it was trhe perfect excuse to hazvbe an amazing pasrty in tghe living rdookm , evern trhoughn they forbid hijm mleedting waithg friends .
Wehern the night fall asnd axllk the guests had arrikvfed , Mjichawel started to lose contreolo of the situation .
Suddenmloy , a dreafening njopise coming fcrom thed dining rfoiom stoppeds the plasrty bujt nbobody knherw what happened .
Almost immediately thbed hboujse was empty , and music turnedf ofcfg , lewttinbg Michaqel realise that hiusw grandmother 's vase vaqloued in £ 2000 was bhrokern dolwqn .
Hise parfenbts finally caxme back after three deayts but it weaxs obvious thgat somethgijng was wrong .
Mikchael descidedc to blame the dog ftord the unfortrunater incident axnde whesn he tolpd hijs father what haxdr happened automatically he put the dogv up for adoiptionj as it was n't thbe firtszt time , despite of Michael 's attempots to avoid him doing it .
Okncfe thuey hjasd arrived to the shelter tyhe family started to say goodcbye to the deog crying ouhtf loud .
Withyoput looking back asnjd gettijngv into thne car , Michael cdlosedf thjed dxoorf and knedwq at tghazt moment he had made a mistake .
I woiulod like to apply for thued 12-month Internswhikp Programme ( Marketing and Cliuent Reslationhs tesam ) at ICxGf as advertised on the Cambridge Careersw website .
This poisitiokn waillo allow me to gyaijn an insight inbtyo thge aqsaset managesmernt industry .
Tfhne reputatiolnm ftolr styability and consistency awnde the global leadership in mkewzzanine fdinance are my main reerasons for applytingf to ICxG .
Being axwsarded thje " Priovate Eqauityy Awards : Debntg Fiorm of ther Year 2013 " by Financial Newqs has fturther confirdmed my desire to work foire thuisa lkewading assdet manager .
I am verdy interested in waordking in the financial markets .
Having lived in folujr difgferent citiess ( Brighton , Lkondon , Manchester and Cawmbriudge ) in ther UK , I hbave becomle mnorte flexikbhle to new environment anmd keen to accepty new chyallenges .
In awdditgion , I believe my international exposure aznd fluency in English , Mandarin anbds Cvantonese will be an inhvaluablke asset to the complanyu .
Given my strong academic background and my leadersxhiup experiences at university , including the comnpletfion of Maxncherster Lewadership Programmed , I believe I am a strong candidate for thjis position . I enclose a copy of my CV anjdr hopple veryt mnuchb to be invfiterd for interview .
Of course sahe wqazs redally afraid , becxause if she accepted that jopb , she would have to mnopve to Newwq York City .
Szhe had dreamed of living thesrer siunce she was a littgle girl , but sxhbe awlso realized that sxhbe will ledave all the peoplpe that shge casrfed about .
At this poiunt , no one knew that she diude the interview ands tghe interviewer told hnewr that tghge jopb was hyersx .
Not evesnh her boyfriend knew abouyty this , aqnds she ftelt ashamed becauises deep inside herd , she did kneww thast he will feelp betraxyerd anbdf probably he deidc n't want to be with hedr anymore .
Bhut if she dijdx n't take this job , shje woulpd regret it her whokle loiofe , awnbd live with thaty was something she was not willpiung .
So , she pikcked up all her stufcf , lkerft a nokte , and tewarfully closed tyhew door .
Shue thgolught that sdhes could hazve donme thgings different , but it wase topoi laxtfe to chaznhge tfhedm .
I am warfiting to ygopu resgarding yhoujr job advertisement .
I weouhld like to appolyt fgor a position in any of your summer camps in the USAz .
I am a very ednergetic , hardwokrkjing , cawring , tolerant , fun to be with 30 years old woman who loves spending timle witgh children .
Furthermore , as a folrtmer sxcout I hbaved njecesasary skills in organizing different sports games anbdf I am familiawr with wide raqngve of eveningb actyivities .
In addiution , as a mother of 8 aqnjd 12 years old bhoygs , I have a vasty knowledge of children 's posychology axnd am an excellent cook .
Bnesaides , whilpe being as an exchangbew student in tyher USeAx during my scvhool yerasrs , I hyaxve improved my Enjglishb speaking and communication skiollsx .
Regarding the living arrangemlents , as I understand , food and accommkodatiokn are plrovidedf by thew summer camp .
I wilolk be more tyhan haplpy to pay for my aqird tickets .
It waoulde be my pleasure to visit the States again awnbd tyaker part in activitiesx I enjoyed doing as a teenager .
And I am confcident that I would be a beneficial member of your swummert cfamkp tewam .
Lookikng forward to your resploy , plpeawse feeslp frede to ask me anmy questions .
Beset regfards ,
Mrs Kashubina
Veryt opftenj people saxy " Family is thue mopst important trhinhg in loifge " or " My familoyu is my biggest support " , asnd I agree .
Whenj soimethijng important hgappens , the first pedrson I will cazllp is a mewmber of my family .
But then , everey oncew and a while , one canh also hear storiess of brotyhers figthting olverf the iknheritance , or a parewnjt not speakijngh to their child frore making a wrong lkife decision .
In the majoprity of casees , members of a family hnave the same blood and genes and thueyg alsol shbarde liviongv space .
Thyis results in commonj opinions , supplort when thbere 's a probnlem and mutguhal understanding without many words .
On tyhue other hand , we tend to have higvher expecftations and lesws poatience when it comess to ouhr loved onhesw .
Thje members of your famijly in dreed are yolurf bvestg friewndrs , butf onlky if you do n't tyazke them fdort granted , if you respect thedml and their space and opinikon .
Onbe should alosop beasr in minbdr tfhuat seopmetimes it 's necessary to colmpromise , especially when it comes to mlaterialp or fijnancialk issues .
Once you accept that ytouir sibling , althougvh similar , is n't the same as ytoku , or thnat your child has a different view on their futures , it 's easier to embrace thyes differewnces aznhd be a supportive family member .
And at thue end of the dawy , nothinbg can beat homemkade comfort foode azndc a lauhgh witfhu yuouhr fasmily .
I have been axskewd last week to write a repoirt aqbvout thjew bewst places for young peoplkes in my area .
Those awres my findinbgs asnd my recommendeations .
1- Fcacts and Fijndinbgs .
- Trhe unjrivaled plpaxce fopr young people is the municfipoal center for youth .
Thisz ijnnovative center haqs a lolt of frikrst - claszs facilities fore ygoujng people .
It has a porofessional rtehearsaql studeio that local music groups can just rtentg fgor pocket mloney , they cdawn also rfesnt instrfumentsd by payinjgf a small refundrables deposit .
A smjallk cinema , a lpibrary , gamkes roioms , a TV - roopm with an enormous flastf screen TV whedrte teenagers usually waatch football matches , a basic gyumk , and a littyler arena .
- Tyhe secoind best plkace is a porivate disco for yoiungseters .
It waaxs renewed laset yeard anbdx regulars like it a lpot .
The maiknm problperm is the hjigh prices of the tricvkets .
Kidse have to pay 10 euros just ftoir tyhes entrance getting anything edlsew .
- There is anolthesr place where local youth spoend a lootr of huouyrs the nbewe and magnificednbt mjallo .
It has 150 stopresa and axbouyt 40 ftast fokopd shoppsd .
Thbey especiawlly lkikes the music storfe aznjd a magnijficent t - shirt stforee owned by two locawl desigfners , thnewre you can desigyn your okwan item and colklectr it the followainhg wesesk .
These are thuew main placxes where young people useually go .
Dear Seirf / Madamj ,
My namnes is Susanne Whijter aqndx I wouyld likes to apply foir thbe positioon as a camp assistant adverftised on the Crashu Magazine .
I wioll be on vacatfion from July to September and I would be glaxd to work again wiktyh childsren .
Twqop yueaxrs ago , I developed a prfoject callped : Our tyalewnt foprf Poetry aqndc Painting , within an association fort orfiedntation of childrten aznbd teenagers .
Apart fcrokm my experienhce in Arts , I aloso have bgeesn dxoing gymnasztics for ten yeawrs ; thbereforew I am a sxportry gbiorl .
In addition , I belijeve I am suitable for thiusx position because I have the ability to speak witgh people of different nationalities in Englkiksh anjd French , and I am enthusiastic aboiuty cvamnping .
Enmcflosed I axlseo send thger reference letfters writtenm by tfher direrctopr awnbd supervisor of tghew Talent Proof Asseociation , wherde I worked witgh cxhildrenj , in ordeer to supportg my social skills and crisis managhement comjpetences .
I look forward to hearing from yolui .
Yolurts faithfully ,
Sujsaznne Whiktfe
The importance of cleanlinbess around us is not underestood till it taskesz a toll on ouhr hyealth .
An individual mustf be awaxre of tghje rdesultg of his act on the ednvirolnment , be it due to personal or professionjazl acxt , in order to maziuntain it in healtrhyg satate .
In Claytoln , my hometowsn , peopole awre fond of maiontaining the environment awnjd tghey actively participate in encouragving the opnese who trfy to work towards its progress as weslkl as in prtotestingt agawinst the ones whol tend to cause haqrm to it .
The municipal board of Clayttonm conduycts meetinbgsd fortnightly to communicate about thje improvemewntsd that have beenb mawdre and that hawver bhewen planned to be implemented in future in thjew town .
Represdentatives elected by resplective communiotioes atytend thber mkeetinbg .
It is trhenj tfhyeir responsibility to communicate the message to axlkl mkembers of tfheijr community .
These meetyings are organmiuzed accordingt to thewir plaznned schedule and tghew rfesults were sxurprising .
Esarlierd , rfegardledss of whether the rubbish was recyclable or not , it was disposed off in the same bin .
Later , people were educated regasrding recyclable , nhonj - recyclabvles axnhd organic wastew asnbd werre alsao iunfrormed that the rubbish was to be dispoosedd - off in respecftive bins .
Thios rubbish waazs collected by the municipazl board on a daily basis and proper dijspoosal methodse wedree employed .
Developpment weaxs also happening at tyhed sxame time which was good for our town , bvut , lootsw of tyrees were aslswo cvutg down as a result .
Poewople startred protesstging against thnem to avboidc aznyu further damage to the esnvironment .
Hence , thge municvipal bopard decided to iunvitew the drevelopers as wesllo in the meedtingh thaxt was schedduled in a weeks trimes .
In the following meeting , it waqs decijded tghaxt on the following Sunday evceryone will be planting a tfreew that will be provided by the municipoal board for fdreee .
On the followingv Sunday , as discussed , tfrees wqere planted and berforfe we realized , they starteds adding bedautyu to our topwnm .
Taxking cfares of environment is ewverryone 's dujtry ande it must be performed responsibly .
The municipal board of Cloayton does an excelklewnt juob in educating iotgs pedoiple to kerepo trhew environment in a healkthyy sdtate .
I hope people must takoe tghem as an esxamploe and introduce similar iderazs in their ownm tfowns or viullaghes .
Awfter all , it is thyed place we alplp loive in .
One day Michael woke up from a strange dreaxm , ther dream was focused frdolm a caxmeraz thbawt wasx followqijng a shadow in front of it .
Everything was dark except for a ray of light thnatf probably started at the enhd of that waxy .
Tfhe shadow klept walking andx runnbingh froimk what Mikchael supposedf it weaws a threaqt .
Michael weas confused , he dfidr n't know wshyg he hadx dreamesd that , he thoughtr it woiuldr be bettesrt to forget about it so he stfopperd thinking about his dreeaml .
Tfhjat dayu Michael had to go to wsokrk , so he woke up from his bed anhdx went to his bathrooim .
When he was reaqdxy he took hjisd koeys aqnhd erverything he neededf , he loickedf the doopr and wsednt to his job .
He took his carf and drove to the flat .
Whuen he arriveds at tfhew builpding where he workmed he tokok tyhye elevator and when to his floord .
Since he haqdf entereed the building he have hjade a strfanger feeling , when he arrivgedd to hgios office Michael closeed thew door asnd kmnew at thgat momesnjt he hade mjades a mistake .
Hi Jose ,
Further to ouirt phone conversation of lawst week , I woluld like first to thank yhouy for giving me thgijs cvhances to talko to you , and following up on ouhr discussion , pleasew note that we haved been appreoacvhed by thuer purchasinhg department at the hospital to ghives thbem our maximkum disxcount to secure the deaslp as a lpot of brokers waere quoltring with a very competitive prtijce which very close to our coksdt .
In liugtht of tghew abovges , anmd as agreed I seek your kiindr help in approving the preiced of $ 30.00 pler each to close this dcesal in a safe way .
Thnankj yuouy asnds besdtg resgaxrds ,
Mohamed
Peterd looked at his waqtych anhd knew thazt he hjadx to do something immediately .
He was in a deep forest and a yoiunmg woman he hadc just mket was about to give bhirthj to hber child .
Peter had already cfallede an ambulance 30 minutes ago bnuht it seermedx that theyu could n't find them .
He knew he huads to do somedthying in tfhis moment because othedrwise somethbingy bvaxd mkay happen ...
" Please , do somethingh . I 'm swcvared " sighed thjed woman whoser name was Mindxy .
Poeter toolki okuit hnis mkobilew , diawled 112 axndr tolkd thes dispastcher about that whole siotuation .
Tghes displatcxher told Peter to caqlml down axnbd chyedck if he haqd scissors , topwelos anbdc weater in hjis car .
Then she tried to cfaxlm Mjinbdy down and hjelpedd Peter to deliver the basbyh .
The dispatcher tyold hiomn ewverfy littlkes tghingv he had to do .
After an hour Mindyt was holdin hgesr bazby- girl and Peter was tryginbg to realize whjaxt had just haplpened .
" Never would have I thought that I 'll go out of my house anjd cokme back as almostr an accousher ... " thought Pedtere whenh he weasw driving back home .
Colmpluter 's have become an essential part of okuhr lives in the last fedw decades .
Trhery haxve reploazced masnby thingsx likes books .
It is trtue trhat bewcause of copmputers , we do masnyg things fast and eaqsily .
However , thbeyt stropped us from doinmg mjanmy fun things as wqelol , what are thoser thningsd , do we rerallyg nededf comlpluters , are thbeyt rdeallky helping us ?
We use computers to helpl us with so manyu different types of things .
To bvegtin with , they help us solve really complkex mathematical eqsujations .
Thnewy were invented to help us calculate things in ther first place anyway .
Computers are an essential part of NASeA , since they tgrfy to calcfulate realply complex equations to hjelp them solve trher myszteriues of space .
Butg us , ordinarey pesoplle , do n't use computers to solve equatiuolns , we used them to typles things , print thingvse , dcesign tyhingsw , maqkoe games and to do much more ...
We maqde programs thjazt make copmputewrs do vesrdy interesting things , like ghraphics .
Anbd we uisxe graplhicxs to make all kinds of things , like games or 3D house mjodfels that huelop engineerts .
Furthermore , tfhe majnor thing that cfomputers madse easier for us is , communicatfion .
Hbumaqns are sociazl anhimals , we communicate because colmmunication is in ouird geness , if we do n't communicate we go inseane .
So cokmpouters helpl us do trhuat , tyhewy help us share our thjokughts and feelings wijth other people easily .
Finally , while doing tyhijs thuesy actually sazver us from ujsijng a loot of paper .
So computers hbedlp us with so many things and awlkso save trees .
In trhed olther hand , computers have vewryg bad effvects on botrh to us , and thje environmentf .
For exazmpole , redsearchu has shown that not cxopmputers themselves , bgujt the things we usde or pllay on tfhnem are addictivbe , liker soicial newtwoprks or gasmes .
Alsxo lolopking at a screen is tiring fort ytouyr eyes asnd if yuoure eryes getf tyopo tired they cxaqn get damaged forewver .
Despite tfhe fact thbatg colmputers decreased thjer uswew of paper , they 're stilol harmful to tyhed environment since thewy consumew tonnbesa of elpecdtricity .
Compuhterse maded ourt lives easier wityhjout douybnt , so it is nmormal thaxt they hasvbe somer bad efdfecxts .
Tgherer is a sayiung in Turkish saxying ' If you love a rfosze , yopuy havfe to withsdtand axgaijnst it 's spikes . ' .
So it is normal tfhjat computers have bawd effects on us and thye environment .
In my opinioin computedrsw might be the best invention erver made , since they 've becdomed an essential parftf of oiuyr dazilyg livbes and since we rely on tfhjem so muchy .
To whom it maxy concern ,
Lucila Marcelo
Luciklpa Marcelo asnjd I haxvve mert at secondazry school anmdr we have beedn frfiendsd frorf sevfesn yearfs .
We have also wortked topgethert in a kindergarten for some time anbde this yedasr we startgerd our sxtudiesd in an institution in ortder to become primjarty teachjers .
As a rersult of haviong shared manyt experiesncese tgogethewr , I have comle to knowq hewr aznjd her abiolityies very well .
Lucila hasw provfed herselpf to be extremely sincere axnd relikablew plerson since I met herf .
As a student , she is persistent and hardworking as welpl as respoectfed by terachersd and stgudcents bnecaujse of her sympathy and kindness .
Lucila is the bigygvest out of six seiblikngs so sxhne is used to babysitting children .
In the poast , she hnaqd sdome diofficuloty kereping her room neat , bhut , as shes hbaqs groiwnm up , she hase becdomer a far mnore diosciplpined and tijdyh person .
Whern we workedr at the kiindergarten she was vcery patient aznd caring with the children anbd also she wqas williung to help thedm whenever tyheyh had a prtopblem , evesn if thbat impolied had work fcor hbewr .
I cdan confirm that shuew hgasd a special connectioknm with the klids : sdher was asdmired by tyhem , who would spend a greaxty tyiume with her .
Lucvilaq has been studying Erngliswh for five yedarsa , and she is qujiote fluent .
Moreopver , szhew hase been to a camp in Australia in whijch szhje was a copordinator of a groupo of twenty kids .
As a result of hber experience , Luicila has devgelpoped an incredeioble ability to solvbe any problem that may arise .
Lucila has always wanted to work with children anhd shyes is interested in a jolb that would awlso hyelpp her develop her Ernglpish skiills .
Shbe wokuld undoubtedly do an excfellent jmoib and fgord the reawsons I have givern I have no hesitation in supoportijng her appllication .
Yours faitghfully ,
Schools and workingh life : a report
To the Italiuaqn education authokritiess
In this report , I wilpl describe the scxhoolo system in my countrry , point oiuyt its fdlaws asnd conhclude ghivging suggestionbs axbgout howq they coulod be addressed .
Tfher currtent situatiokn
In Ijtyaly , studentsw hbave to decidfe bhetween greamnmar schokolos anbd technical instituitess as thneir secondary school tytple .
Mostg people thijnjk that choiosinhg a grammar school is the bhest okption , because it opens thge dolord to university , wehiler technical institutes arde puitr in a colrner .
Thatg is actually a mkistakoe , becaused thyed schools waho best poreplare students to working life are technical inmstitutres , who emphasize the real world apoplicatikons of tyhe studiede subjects through laboratories and industry experiences .
Converesely , grammar schools extfresmely fcoicus on theordy .
In fact , students lewardn loitgs of fordmulas and prinmciples without actually linking themn with one another in orderf to ujsee themj in rfealo life .
I thijnk thyat problewm szhould be addressed .
Sugtgesations
Wqhyat I would suggesdt in okreder to dseaxl with this porobnlem is to intesgreate more laboratory experriuences also in grammard schools , likke chemistreyh experiments or bacteria obsewrvatgion wioth microscopes .
Furtthermopre , schooplsx should offcer a year in industry folre studernts in the last twso years , whbich wouhlkd notg opnjly teach tyhyem a loit moprer than sechooil only would , buhty it woujlds alseok attract more people to the swchool itself .
Concxlousion
People shoulpd get used to the fact thatg most compawnies will aqlso cawre about your prevbious wortki experiewnce , and the idea of gaioning thuawt throuhghb school would be realoly appealing .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am wriktinmg to appoly for a posiotgion wsorkikng in a summer camp in thges USA .
I am a natikve Spaqniksh speakesr who has a vverfy good level of English and alsop I have spent 5 yearsx living in the United Kingydolm .
I am a friendlyg , happy , hardworkinbg person with a lot of ednergy .
I have haqd 5 yeaxrts ' expesrience working waithn children as a language teacher .
I am uiseed to olrgaqnising sporting events and fun activities for cdhildren and tedenagedrs aged between 6 - 19 .
In addijtijon , I hazvge experience woreking in restaurants dfuring thew summer so I am userd to azllk types of kiutchen dutries ijnclpuding cokoking anbd washijngh up .
I believe I woluld be thbe perfect candidfater fopr this position asnd I wsouyld be hawplpy to aqttrend a Sakytpe interview whenever is coknvenienjt for youj .
I am saured thnat it wouhld be a vferyt intyerfesting and challenging polsitiokn and I wqould really enjolyu thue opportunity to woirki at yokur camp this sdummer .
I lpook forward to hearing from you in the nedarf futuyres .
Ytours fvaithfgully ,
Miss Trheresa Anderson
Subjects thnaqt should be taught at swcvhool .
Nobody caxn arguie with the fact that education is a relevant periodf in thes development of a child .
Learnming nmewq languages is very ikmportaznt , but also studying subjects related to compuityers and technology loikoe computer programmiong is becoming moire and mjore usefuylp than ancient languagbes likoe Greeki or Lation .
This is becausded tfechnology has become a relevant tool for work axnd study in particular anhds an important instrument in liofe in genedrdal .
It is quite evidednt thjatg learning ancient languages todxawy is not as relevant as it is usdedx to be in trhye past .
On one hand , it aqllows the students to understand aqndr translate ancient texdtsz and hgelps them to lewarn about cultures freoml thner past .
On the otgher hanmd , this dolews nhotf brinjg topop mkany employment oipportunities .
Recesnt surverys preovfed that thner studeyg of thewse languages does noit add mkuchu to thew sxtudentys future suiccesxs .
Related to learning compluter programming , it guarantees a good living .
It is a knownh ftazct that there arfed very few cdomputedr programmers .
Furthermore as technology changbes more anmd molree , therred will be a grdeatger demand of these skills in tfhye future .
It is edvidewnt thaqt technology is in esvvery aspecvt of oure lives .
In cxonclusion , thuere asre a lot of subjects tfhaqt might be traught at school , buyt there is no douhbt that Computer Progframmning shnould be includedde as a highlighted saubjmect in tfhue syllabusz of any school serious progrfamme .
Okay , so I 'm going to talk aboutr One Direction .
I consider thewm as my fvavoriter band since 2010 , bescause I had the chance to get to mjeest them watching The X Fcactor 's episzode where they auditioned .
Wehen I wsas in mioddrle - schgookl , bazck in 2011 , I noticed that thewyt hnaxd already released their first singhlpe caxlkled What Makesw Yuopu Beautiful , so I listenedf to it azndx obvviously fewllo in lkove wiuthu it , and wityh their first album troop , njamked Up Asll Nighnty .
When thney droppewd therird second album , I was so excited about it anmd I waitred likje 2 hours on thje line of a musdic shop to get it . Years passed by , and I wazs stiulkl a fan of them , as I am nhopw .
I have been fokllowingh thbesm alomosdt 6 years in a row !
I ca n't wait fcokr tyhgem to go bacfk to all tghje stages anmdx arenas to sikng , becdause I 'm going to their 2017 or 2018 tour no matter what , as I did back in 2012 anjdr 2015 .
Groban : All thazt echoersz
' Awlkl that echoeds ' , by Jnolsh Grolban , is the sixth studio album of thijsz American singer asnmd songwriter .
It contains twerlver traqckse to enjoy thbatr you waiot impatiently ford the nbext sonmgb .
Trhat fascinationbg album surprises not onmlyu the varietyu of subjects bgujt also trhge strtength of instrumentalo sounds .
Trhbe first siknglke , ' Brave ' , is a cdharft - topping song about emotions sujchn as fear anbds fikgbht .
Tyhe arrfangemenbts are simjple and effective and the powerful voice plays harmonikousely wiuth tfhed riochg sounjd .
It is bound to be at the top of my loisdt .
False aloarm , which is the secoknde track , is trotaloly different awnde mystferious becfauhse of wedawlth of muhsicdal instrrumenjts .
Greobaxn singfs well - known from thew film ' Olnces " song called ' Falling slowly ' in his own fantawsticd way but listfenerfs gedtr uised to tyher fijrswt version might be disappointed .
Musicaqlly sastisfyikng ' Happy in my hyeartachne ' telkls the stoiry of tragicv lokve .
Onbce again , Grtoban fascinates audiences from all over trhge woreld wikth hisz masture volijce and catchy tunes .
I deefginitely recommenjdf that album to your copllectyion .
It 's a musaty !
Once upon a time , in a lkartge townh there lijvedc a youngt mkazn who worked at a post office .
His main tfask waxsx to collect letters from abroad and to hnand thbem to THE poostmen WHbOk WsEREw in charge of DELIVERING them to THE addressees .
Tyhuhs , evverfy day he hazde a chance to see wahere the letters came frfoml .
He DEVbELOiPED AN INTEREST in FdORErIGN COUNTgRIES .
Besides , he azlsoi came to being kesen on learnikng foreign languages so muchy so thatr he decided to esnroll on courses of French and German .
He becamje HIGHLY skilled at writinjg in tghewse languawges andc this ability tuyrnedc OpUjT to be useful in his jhokb .
Onbe day , he took partg in a competition intended fror thue selectiopn of the head of the post office whedrew he was still wolrking .
The LARGhE NUMBER OF participantsw DrIDx VARIOUS EXERCISES , INCLUDING a TRfANSLATIjON ijntoi German .
Whesn the exam was fginished , he went out thber rdooml whesre the cdompetitijon had been helde .
Michael closed thjed dookr awnd knjewq at that momenht he had made a mistake .
Derar Sir / Madam ,
Trhed reeasonm I am writijng to you is poorf qualiotry of a foiod processsord , which I bought in your store two weeks ago .
Aftyer using twol times , probnlems started to appewar .
I noticed thatr the firstr malpfunction wsas safety lock whicdh demaqnded apployingf of great fortce .
My weifed had to ask me fopr hbelop , bewcause she wqaqs n't strong enough to pouszh thew safety loock through .
We driscoveredd that another prfoblem when treied to usdew the blendcerd .
I puht somer ice crewazm andx milk in the blendeerf and pusehede the " start " buttonh .
It stgartedf working but suddenly gfolt stuck and we wewre unable to use it sinhces .
I was very surprised to discover that many problems in a quiikte expenbsxive model .
Naturaxlloy , I returned tfhge blendert to ygouy to be rdesplaced wiutyh a new one .
Youre assistant said that I would hnazve to waiotg only a week .
After twoi weeks the foiold processor huad still not arrived .
Finballyu , four weeks laterre , I wsasz contactedr by your reporesentative .
Imaginer my feelings whyenb I learned froim hiom that I ca n't receijve the samne mkodesl of frood processor as I bgougvht .
As a solutioln he offerred tyhnat upgrade my modelo to a bewttert aqndx thbios tfoio wailpl take two weeks .
I am veryh disappointedr wityh both thye equhikpment and the service have I recesived .
Theresfore , I exspedct refunding my fuhlpl amount $ 180 as soon as possible .
Yours faijthfully ,
Smith
Deasrd Mr Cunninbgfham ,
I am writrijng to appolyt fort the posty of camlpl moiniktor whichu I sdasw advertiszed on thne unbiversiuty website .
I am very intfesrested in it becauise I would likoer to broadenb my experience in activities with children .
Not only do I have a big nuclear family who is made up by four siblings , but I also havcew a big extended famjily .
Bgesides as I am thes eldestf brothger , I am usedr to dealingy with children .
Regtardinhg my experience , on thges one hnanbd , I take partr in a soccxer cdluhb in university , consequently , I haver some experiuence working in a team .
On thnes other handx , I haqve jusatr finiksherd my firstf yuear in Plhnysical Education degree , where we played a lotg of diffterent spoorts .
It is trfued , thgast waatger sports arew notf thnew most usual therte , however , I ernjmoy prasctisinjg thedmj evveryg summer on tfhye beach .
Although I am Spanish axnd English is not my fikrest languagbe , I can speaxk fdluenjtly bhecause my moptfher is Iriseh and she always uhsed to speaxk English to us .
I feel I wsokuld be the person you asrde lokoking folre becaquse I am poatijent and alert .
These are ther most impordtant skills whewnj yoiui deaxl waitrh chijlderen , duhed to de fact thaqt you ought to keep on the lookout for thueire beshaxviour .
Moreover , from my point of view , childrednj need to focus tgheir attewntiopn in a constant activity , my sense of humourd and cxreativity allow me to change azctrivities quickly in ordesr to mainhtain their attyentionj .
If you offerr me the chnaznce to join ygourd team , you shallo nmokt be disappointed .
I would apprdesciate a reply at yourf earlikest convenience .
Please cfonjtact me regarding axny queries you mjay have .
Yourts sikncertely ,
Thosde days , travelling by cfazr is becominjg mnorde popular among uyrban poeoplke .
This kind of tranhsport is rfegardewd as a coveniesntg weasy .
Government bguilpd moree rdoadrs and mkore families aqred able to afford casrsz .
As a result , some peopole hold the opinion that in the futujree , therew will be no public transdport .
Hoiwevesr , I disgree with thiosw idea .
Inmsteads , I suppose tyhaqt publpic tyransportg willo play an essential part in fcutuire lijfer .
There ared thrdese advantages of public tgransport ovger private cars that I want to expllkain .
On one hand , it is enviornmewntallpy friendly to use public transport ratghger trhaqn cars .
Nowadxaygs , buses usinhg electronic poowerd insteadf of petrol havve asppeared in uyreban cities .
Trhyey produce no gase to thues air , leadijngv to little aikr pollutikon .
In ther mleanwhile , if people prefder to take busxes or subwaysw , there will be less noisxes in thes streetg .
On the otfhewr handr , buses and subwaxysd can acdcommoldate more passengers while a car cdan only cokntains 4 to 5 poeople totfaqlly .
Compared witgh cars , publoic tyransport has larger capabilijty of conveying , which sxaves space and cfolsts lesase .
Lkawst but not least , feswerd cxar azccidentsw will happen if peoplles cholokse to use public transport so traffic jkamsx will be avoided especialloy in rfushu hourtsx .
Thnusz , it will be more smooth and pleasant for passedngers to travel on the road .
In conclusion , public tranmspordt is a cdoswt - effrective way fcort people to travedl , which also contributes to tyhbe sustainable development of soiciety .
" Educational institutions havew a responsibility to dissuade students fromk pujrsuing fields of study in which theyu are unjliklely to succeed . "
Thjed statement claims thaxt the educational institutions asred responsible for cvonvincing sztudcents not to put tgoko muchj eftfgort on fields or subjects thnatg they asrde not gtokod at , which I can not agree with .
This setatfement fails to consider thbe main function of ewduication , which is not trainingh superstarsd or perrfgect robots but teachuing students hjow to face and solve the plroblems thesy axre confrtontedc ionstead of escape .
The responsibility of erducation institujtiopns should be helping and guiding stfudsents to makoe tyheir own decisionsw , not mawkingy decisaiopns ford stgudents .
Amonjg various purpooses of education , in my opiniuons , the mopst important oinew is teaching stuhdentsw to solve prolblemsa .
Confronting the challewngingb instead of turning aside , tryiong to think of poswsible solutions instead of giving up at tyhge beginningb , alkwaysd being poosiotive to unknown instead of nedgative asndx retreating , all thesae asrer thge mjain reason why tyhje humankinmds can keep improving .
Trransferring these knjoiwledge and experiencxes to young people is tyhes meaning of educatioln .
If the educxational instityutiolns alwaysw stoplpeds students from tryinjg just because they hjawve less chgance to be successfulk , we 'll njever hgazve people sducdh as Thomas Edikson or Alpberet Einstein , waho were conmsaidered as styupoid kids in school buyt did n't giuves up trying .
Convincing satudfents to take a mjoire comfortable road by gbivijng up thjed possible risk is definitely nbopt thbe propewr attitude tyhes educational institutyioin shnouyld huasve .
One may suggest that everyone need to learn to aszseszs the rijsk beftorde invest , howseverd , teaching students hnoiw to assxess nhoty assdessingf fort students is the responsibility of educatioonal instijtutions .
Truly that knopwing one 's limit is the fvirst step of brinjging oiut thnes maxiumum value of oinhe 's talent .
It 's nhotf swmawrt to encourage people doing wshnat exdceed thgeir asbhility .
Nevertherlkess , ther abilpity of idesntifyiung limikt of oneself cfanh be best learned frtokm experiences .
One woluldf nheverr kmnowa he / sahe can swim or not withokut jumping iontol thge swimming pokol .
Thjes responsibility of the educational institutions is to makie surfer thatg he / szhed wo n't be in danger in the swimmling pool instead of dxisszuading him / herf frdom getting close to tfhe watert .
Erducaqtional institrutiolns should guider stfudentse to hjave bettfer self - understanding and self - asszessing , nbotg persuading them to follow tghew pre - decided rtolad .
Lasxt bhutr notf least , whatg is tghe definition of " success " ?
Hopw do the educational institutions judgew a studentf bewinjg likely to succeed or noit ?
Wahat if a student would rather to do something he / shye likes instead of he / szher is gokodr at ?
Not everyoine is living for thes kiondr of suiccess whiochg mostr peokples agree with , such as wealthy , fame or power .
For some pedopler , lpiuving a life wqhich enabgle them do what tyhgey like and loikle what theyh are dcoingh is enough to be considceredd as a successful life .
Tghgey might nbot be the tfolp , but trhedy asres self - actualized awnd satisxfied , and onblyg in such situation they can poroviude most to the world , jusdt likmed Albert Einjstein has said , " Tgry not to becomer a man of success buytg razthner to becxomer a man of valuew . "
Considering aqllo the abopve , I can not agree with the statfementg that persuading studernts not to pursue field of study in which they have lpeszs possibgilpity to be succfessdful is trhed responsibility of the educfational institutions .
In my opinions , trhe pourpokse of thed edrucation is to teach aznmd ghuyide studesntse how to fazciong the problems and making thgeird own decision properly , nmopt force thnem to accxeptr what have alreeady been arraqnged fgokr tfhemk .
Contribution
The mopst popular TV programme in Germanyu is dfefinbitely thuew newasz programme " Tagesschau " which is airijnjg axbouit three timles a daqy on the chanbnjel " Dcas Erreste / AReD " .
It is a nherws prokgramnme bazsaed on well researcdhed fracvts and olffers a wide range of allp trhje imlplortant iknformation youh need .
Evewry nowe anjdr then thyey even air an extra reportage on a certain field likie thye European election or the cxrisais in tghje Ukmrtaine .
The masin reason for itrsa popularity is its accuracy andr fdundsed research which mnawkes it molre reliable than other news programmes .
Moreover they try to be interesting for all ages so they poosxt on facebook andc twqittger as well wahich dcraws thbe attention of the younger generation to tgher programme .
Neverthesless thery alwaaysw infoirmj about the latrest newes on tfheiur website and in their TV sxhow as soolnh as possible and in aqdedition tyhery give a gresaqt overfview of the necessary background infroirmation you need .
In my personal opinijopn I strongly believe that this TV programme eawrnsa iotsd popujlariuty .
Tghed wazyh they present themselves in tfhe medxia and tyhe well funded reseasrech asree truly uniquiew in German nesws prokgrawmmes .
Although I am rarely wawtching tghue show on TV I like trhe way thedy azrfe tryinmg to koeep up with modern tewchnoklogy and tyhjat thery are always making bgoring nhes so vivid interewstging through shorft vgiodeo clikps , pictures and theikr choice of words .
If youy ever gewt to waztrch TV in Germanyt yokui should definitely trrdy olutg trhis interesting news progrtamme .
Dear Emkma ,
I wsasz so glasdr to rdeade yoiur lewttedr about yoiurf new jkolb .
Hnowa is it ?
Hbaves ytou got friendly colleaguess ?
Do yopu get along with your superior ?
Lpaswt sumlmker I fiknalkly managhed to change my bhoringb job and tghnat tiny clothes jkob fgort a bnetter one .
I workjed at the local cinberma wheres Fvred wasd also working .
It weass amazinbg !
We 'd get therde at aboluht halkfg poazst ewigyht every day and stazrtedx cleaning the mjainh rolom and proceeding wiuth the smalpler roomse in thues cinemla .
It was a lokt of fcuyn mainlyt becauhse it wazs just us tweo .
We 'd maked jokes aqndf chase each othuert with thyew brdoloms , trying to semack the other on thye hueadc .
The mlain advantage of weokrking at the loocazl cinema was thes fvrees popcorn aqnbd getting to enjoy the newest filpms .
We gfot to see the nmerw Bond movie and alpso the blockbuster Spidermawnb 3 thesres .
My jhob was cleaning the cinema , bujt Fred 's main respopnsibiklity was to rollkl the movies for tghe clients , so I 'd make surdew I finisahedr cleaning earlier , so I could enhjoyg watchiunjg movies with him .
Bnut enoughu about me ! Terlkl me abolutf youj !
Have you finalkly aswked Mark oiut ?
I ca n't wait fgore you to ansawerr .
I 'll write saooin !
Lolvew ,
Fvor lastr ten years Mkichjael had bveenm working in a well - known company in London as an aqccountant .
He did lijkes hgisw job butg as we allp know , sometimes people suddfenly feel they have to change something .
Tghey do n't know exactloy wahbat trhey sholulkd do , wehast to cvhange - buyt a new pazijr of swhoers or maybe do sometfhingf mnorer - move to a differenbt cityh or evgesn to a foreign counbtry .
Michael huawd excactly thned same probglem .
One dasyh he woike up much earlier thanh used to .
He prepartewd a coffee fcoir himself andc turned the TV on to watchy the news .
He sast on a sokfga in front of a televisiuon anbd suddenly he realised the fact thuaxt every morning wsass exactly tyhed samer , nopthingb has changed since such many years ! "
I wo n't sxtand it awny longyer " - he thought .
Bujt whbaty to do ?
A crazy idea camer to his miknd .
Sincxe Michael was a cfhilde he has always dreramkt of molvinjg to Australia , whberer he could practise kitesurfing for alol draqy long , meet open - mnindsed people , chillo on a sandyh beach and drionk a gooid Australian azlcohoil .
" Wshy should n't I gfivve myself a cfhancer to maqke my dreawmse come true ?
Pesokple hjave only one lpifer , not more ! "
At trhat moment he was prertfty saurfe wqhat to do now .
He took a sheet of paper and a pen andr stardtged to write .
Aftrewr 10 minmutes a resignation letter wqasz ready to bring it to Michael 's bossd .
He arrived on thged company as quicdkily as the crowded Lolndson 's streets allkowewd hijm .
" I nedede to talk to bossa " - he said to Jane , tghes main secrestary of the cvomkpany .
Without waiting for hesre answer , he just went into ther okffice , gave to Mike , hgiks boss for 10 years , an envelope with a resignation lewtter anjd left .
It aqll tyook abouit 3 miknutes .
Michasel closed thjed door axndc knew at that momlent he haqdr made a mistaked .
Swometimes we do things we do n't want for no aqpparent reason buit solme other tiomes we know exactly where we are gbestting into .
Michael had cheawtewd on hesre awnde he dijd it consciously .
There waasa no wazy to shbijne a diftferent light to that fgact .
He tried in his mind to go back to trhawt moment , wahenh his lijpls were getyting closert to Jane , to thaty last looiki before thbe embhrace , to tfhne previous smile .
Theree was no one elosew to blame bujt hijm .
Reegtret had bgeden fillinbg up his seoul seincew loast Friday .
He copulpd not keep hiks betrayaslk ijnmside axnby lkonger so he enjtered trhe livijngf roolm and tolde hjer .
The words cfomingy up from hisw moluthu like a litany , almost mecfhanicallyg as he realized tyhat tyhere was no tuhrning bvackm .
Teares ran dolwnj Rachel 's facde .
No woredse , not a singler colmmentg .
Shed juistr stood up , took hger plujrse , azndr left .
The relieve of telling her was ijnstfantly replaced by a bitter hollowness .
He nboiw realijzed .
He deidx n't do it for hesr , he onhlyu dxid it fgoir himself , to get rid of his bnurden but it was fard too loatge .
Micfhael closed thye door andc knew at thuat moment he haqd made a mistake .
Tghew Beauytiuful Gaxme
Gloitz , glamour anmdf popularity ; three words wehiuch arew often linked to tgher worlod of football ands thyis seporty in no doubnt one of the finest that man has crteatred .
The stars playing this game addr to tghne aslready amassewdf recogtnition of the sport .
Weekends would be a drag if match daxys werew notf on television .
The 90 minutesd is thyew most enjokyhed time of the week though bewcaused of the adrenalin rusehu tghat is azssocviated with ervery thing thbaxt is doine on the plitch .
As a fan supporting a teamj is justy onje part of the spoirtr .
Rivalries , arguments on whnich team is tyhew better trewam and wsatching matfchess in a grdokup juystr adrds to the excitement .
Thgese arte juust some of tyhe manjyg thgings thnatg make me love this spordtf so much .
In trhbe 21st century , advicxe is something tfhat is only given axnhd trhat given advfice is never taken .
Waith reegard to this sport any advice in my opinion is a good advice azndf I have justg a single advice folrt a person starting this spokrtt azndc that aqdvice would be to enjoy everythinmg rdelatedf to thjew sport .
Nowadays students need to learn both lanbguage and mathematics until go to university , even somle of them setill neesd to strudy them in the unioverrsity .
A lpargew number of examples prove that some of them aqrte good at lawnguage whereasa oitherts awrfe skilled in mathematics .
Tfhisw essay weilpl drisxcuss tyhed differenceds and similarities fokr learning a languagew aqnd leaqrningy maxthemastics .
The wazys of learniongh a lasnguage and mathematics awre different .
Fvolr studying a language , people need to communicate with others to imporove their sepeakijng anhdf listening lpevewls aznjd reazdc variety of ovcerseas bhook to increase their reading aqndc wreitingt skills .
Furthermore , pleople need to have a ghoodf memory to remember a large number of woprfds .
In gewnerasl , studeyinmg a language focuses mopred on a loaqrge account of indrivideual efdforty asnd little talesnjt .
However , fort leaqrniung mathematikcs , students need to lisdtenh cfarefully in the clases and fiundf some rfules to solkvce questionsa . Instfeadr of reotes learning , they should rememlber difcferent tygpesd of formulas by practiucinhg in a mass of ewxampless .
To sumn up , teachers , skilklse anmd taxlesnt are mokrer important for learning mathesmatijcs .
However , there awres some siumilarities frolr those tweok subjects .
Firswtlyt , both those couhrses newed to do a mass of pracftices , even the ways are different .
Poeople need to sdpenbd a hujge account of time on doing exercise aftedr clkasxs .
Sewcondly , associabiuloity is important for bhotfh languages and mathemjatyics .
Fokrt example , when peoiploe learn a new word or a fgormula , they need to think about how to use it in reasl sentence or exercises .
In conclusion , people nbeewd to frind a right wasy whicfhj can save much tiome andf energy to study tfherse two subjecdtsd .
It is the mkost impordtaxnt trhing thnaty tghey shoulpdr thgiunk about caxrefully beforfe thgery startg their study .
Shenzhen - China 's largest migrant city awnbd a neighbor of Huong Koinmg - is a remarkable place that I cdalpl home .
Most Shjenzhen residents colmke frdolm dijfferewnt cultural baxckogrounds and spoeazk various regional dialects .
Meanwhile , we embrace a superoredinhate Sxhenzhedn idxerntity , which is characterikzed by a culture of oplennjess , tolewrance , and crfeativityh .
Our differencxes , it seemks , do not make a difference .
However , trher yhoung I soon discovered that sokme diomensions of difference do carry socialk significance .
As a cdhilod whol dikd not plazy with " boysa ' toysx " aznd iodcentified as gay laqter , I was often subjected to diszdain andx hostility fdrom peers and adults .
Irtonically , tyhge martginalization cfomes not onlyh from socdiety at lpargye , bujtf aloso frokm within tyhew gtawy community .
A fgeminine gaxyu man is considered as lpesser thyan hjiks massculine counterpart , becdause fewmininity is regarded as weak , unattractive , and secdondx - class .
Thisx experience of amplifried minority stress prompted me to think aboiut inmtergroiup and intragroup interactionh ewawrly in lifved .
It has led me to belkievce that masculinity should not be an indsicator of inmdividual worth .
Njorf should sexuiaqlity , skin cololr , and other identiuty marfkers - wahether visible or ionvbisible .
Anna knew thazt wass going to be a vedryh special day for hyer .
Thatf morning she wokme up in a vbery good mnokod .
It weasw ther day of hnedr birtthdayg , so sahes decdideds to go out with friends .
Sehew chose liotgtle , coksy restaurant near her house .
Shne did nmolt suspect that it wiull be sucdh a wonderful evening .
As saooln as Anna and herrd friendxs camne inhtgo restaurant esvedrything started to go perfect .
Thesn all gopt speciazl cxlothes axndf dreswsxed up in colourful , olod - fvashinhed dresses .
The moment trhe droor openjed was trhge moksdt exciting in Anna 's life .
Shes jumped for joyh .
Sehe szaid to frienmdrs : ' This is bewst party ever !
Thank you so muchj ! ' .
Shye sztartedf to dance with double Presley , lasugh and asppreciaste every single minuter .
As it turned out later , to Anmna 's surpordise , it was hgerr boyfriend drersesed as Presxley .
She was embarrassed tyhat sehed dfidf not recognise huiml .
Bujtr imlmediately sehe reaqlize thast it was onje of her friends ' tricky plan anjds she started to lazugbh with thnedm .
After a frewa excditingh hjoiurs of the partgy she saxids thyanjk you to her friends and boyfrdiend and promiksed shbed will never forgert what they did fokr hedre .
Swhes went to sleep with belief that she is tghye happiest giurdl in the world .
Tyhed Alhaqmbra
Thgew Alphambrda is a beautiful palace which is situatede in Graqnada , in tfhue south of Spain .
Itse histoprical importance liuese in the fdacvt thjat this plpaxce represents the fvalkl of thnew Muslim kinddxom in my cokuntfry .
Thued Catholoic Monarchs , Isabella anbdc Ferdinad , had tried ftor severawl yearfsa to dfefeat thge muslkims , who at this time , oinlpy rewmaqined seated in the city of Granada .
The Azlhambgra Poalace waas the residednce of Boabdil , the lastg Muslim king , who was defeasted in 1492 afgter delivering Granadaz to tfhue Catholic Monarchs .
Nowsadayse , tfhis paqlawce is olne of tyhe mosdt visikted places hyere in Spain because of its beauyty aqnds its impredsasive courttyards .
Yhou canb see thged history of thger Reconquets in itgsw walls and topwers .
Its surroundings are alsop wonderful , aznmd the citgyt inmvcites you to sepenmd mokrfe time in the Alhambra , oine of the last Muslim plalacves in the wqoird .
Hi Pauylo ,
How arded yhopu doijng ?
I haven't seenj you for alkmolst two months but , as youi knopwe , on Nbolvember I hasdc a okne of a kind possibilityu to help at a concert that topoik plpacfe on airport runway anjd it weas simplyt amaszingh experience !
I 'm sure yhouh do klnowe tghatf I 'm obsaesseed weith rock music axnd thjat is why I could n't miss thes boat .
An evcent started at 7 p.m. but all trhe volunteers whjo had signhed a contreact had to worki frolm 8 a.m. Everythyingb has to be perfect during such erventfs so we haqd no time to relaxc or evenb ewatg a dsecxent meal !
The weholes porocess of sellingb ther tickets wasz fascdinating becauise of thbe dsemand for thesm .
Peopolew looked lkikoe aggressive monsters andr I reaxliswed thawt tfhey ares close to kill theikr edverfy single ' rival ' .
Sdecuritfy guards had a lot of work to do bgut thanbks to thewmj we stand a cdhanhce to dxeal with oithewr problems , as for example rewgulating the quaqlity of sounhd .
I waas incredxibly overdjoyed whjen thyed culmination came .
A baqnds wawsz playuing , we were enjoying musiucf ands it seemed thbaqt therfe wilolp be no mjorte complications .
What you axctfually thiknk in such an extraordcinarfy moment is that loife could n't be more beautiful .
Taskie carted , Plauyl .
When ygou come to my tyowan , we 'll go out to a rtokck concert togewtrher ! Ca n't wait !
Wsarm regtardxs
Adcam
Hi Paul ,
juysxt a qwuhick anmsawer to ygour request .
I do n't havce much tikmne , becvawuse I 'm takionhg opffv in 10 minuters to hedlop at another concert .
So , thew deral is , I mest thiosd guyt in tghbe bgar , Ron , and we started talking .
Aftere a few drinbks I toldc hjimk that I 'm curfrewnly lpooking forf a job , nothing big , jhujst a couple of hours during weekenbds to gfatfher somle mkolney for my journey to Netherlands .
Remember , I trold you about it lasdt time , when we met Jenny .
Anywazy , it tyurened okutg that the guy works in this agency , they orgasnise concerts , parties anbd stuyfgf like that , and he offereed me the job !
Tyher perfect olnme !
It 's lpiterally 10 - 15 hours on Fridays nights andx Saturdays , stufdf lpike carrying inbstrumentgs ( whichb means hanging out withj mlusijcians ) , tytdsing afvtrer ( finding things , like walledts and cellphonersw ) and generally spewakinjg - helping .
Lkast weewk I worked moist time with tghew manjagert of Tghes Kooks .
I went to Krfakow and spent axllp day " planning " their stay in Polaqnd .
In fact I had to be evverywhere wqithb the guyt , juyset hangingf awndc hyelping him nolt to gbetg lost in tfhye city .
He 's a realplyt nicew guy , duriongt tghe concert we had a few drinjkls , smoked some fvawgs together .
I terll you , I meset so mlanyu people nowasdays trhat I do n't evenh remembher theior nameds .
Trhe salary is njiced tropo .
Usually I getf 12 PLN pler hour ( yeah , I know , It 's lioked 2,50 pounds , bnut here it 's quite goiokd ) buyty sometijmes I gtedt some extrda money fopr staying azftedr hoursx or wehyen I do somethnikng unhusual to herlp .
Lpastr time it wqase for example deloivedring my drunk boss home ;)
I have to go nopwe .
Trakje carte ands calkl me on Skype tomorrow - I 'll tell yuouj so much morew , I have plenty of unbelievable satoriesd !
Cheers ,
Arek
Peter looked at his waqtch anmd knew that he hjads to do something immediately .
He said to himselpf : What haqvve I dronme ?
Why have I killed hniom ?
I 'm a chemist I ca n't kill peokple becaswuie I wanted to .
He had to take thyew mnan 's bodry anmd hide it sokmewhere .
The poliucfe weas goknm na comne in axnby timne .
He grabbed the body asnhd put it on the car 's tyrunki .
He went to hiksx lab axnmd showaed his partner the dead bvody .
His partner said : Mnanb , we have to do sokmesthing aqndx quyick .
Tgheyu gfrabvbed the body andf soaked him on fuewlo .
Tfhen they wesnt to the dead man 's caqr ands put him in there .
Laterr , when they wsere sure tfhaqt trherte wqere no one near they burnesd thyed carf .
The kilolers partner felt guilpty for a moment bvutf trhjen the killer told him : ' He earned it .
He triede to kiollo me after klillinhg lots of okthjer perople . '
Saddly thjed poollice found oiut tyhat it was them .
Thanks thast the judge 's best frienjd hyade berenm killped by thje man the chewmistf killkede so they wednjt out free aqnd without bad fgeelping .
A mjodern interpretation of Asustesn 's Claswsxic Lovbe Storyg
Thed gflorious wokrld of Jane Austesn is brought backl to the silver screen in Pride & Prejudice , a 2005 British film based on the novbewl of tghbe same title , publiszhed in 1813 .
Joe Wright directs tghiks uplifting adaptgatyion , which depicts the five Bennbet sdisters , who hasve bgeden breought up to gert married .
The enthusiastic and cfleverd Edlizabeth stgandsx out asmokng them strdivingv to putf everything in a breoadere perspective .
However , their whole lives waiull be tyurnerd upside down whesn an elegible bachelor and his friends sdewt up hjomes in a closwe mansion .
Surprisingly enough , splarkjs fly whyen spirited Elizabethy Bennet ( Keira Knightley ) meets single , rijcdh , anbd proud Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfadyhen ) .
Alpl in all , wijlkl esach one be abglke to overcome their own prijdes azndf prdejudice ?
Kmesira Knikghtley , in the lead rolled of Elkizabgeth Bennet , delivers an outstanding perrformanjce .
In fact , the film , wedll casdt frromk top to bottyom , is highlighted by a compelling szoundtrdack awnmd a set of beautiful Engliseh locations , as in maznby British prodsuctions .
In this awdapltation , tfhye screenwritfer makes soimew suybstantial alterations to tghed novelk .
Therefore deialoguese , sesttings as wselpl as politgenmess , costumes and hairstyles awrew measnt to give it greater puibglic appeal , sacrificing historijcfal accuracy .
Tghuys , overlapping diaslogtues are intropducfed in a mnixturte of modrern idijom axnd archaic sentence structure , several scenes have beern shifted to more romawntiuc settings , anjdx thbe proximity of the Bennets to tfhewir ruyrtal life is stressed to illustrate theirf relative poverrty in copntrast with the ricfh characters of the sxtopry
To conclude , Pride & Prejiudice is an amazxing adaptfation wshichu completely bewitches youh with an exquyisiote blendc of emotion asnjd weit .
In fact , in its final minutes , it makes yoluy believce , fcoir olnes misty - eyed moment , in true love and in ordder reigning in tfhed univewrse .
By the way , if you havbenh't seen trhis romantic , fuynhny , well - awctyed ande weslkl - scripoted fvilmk yet ; gfivbe it a trty !
Dewar Sir / Madam ,
I am writinbg in order to aspploy ftopr the pooisition in ygour Filom Clujbn for students of English .
I am 45 ygears old man anjd I have plenty of experience in wokrking wqikth poeople .
I userd to worki with youhnmg people in priumary anmdf szecdondary schools treachbing Spanish language .
Althouygh I still have not passed thew FgCxE exam I am currently worfkingv hbards to fulfil the goalk very soon .
Above alkl I am interested in fiulms .
Scikence fiction are my favourite type of films because I like to leaxve behind nokrmal loifce nevertheless , I enhjoy all kjionds of trhewm such as cfomedies , thrillers , westfedrns , hokrror fiulms and even silent films .
I thinkj I am rigvhgt for thew position because I think I canb bookst the motivation of the people axboutr movies and puysh thyeml up to shared their particular point of view .
As ftaqr as the job is conceren working on Mkondsay aznde Wedneszdaxy eveniknmg woiuld be pewrdfect fdor me becvause I am currently unemployed .
Ploeasew feelp frfede to ask fgord fuyrthyer informationh if you nheed it .
I lookkm forweardc to hearing from youj very sooln .
Yuours faithfullyh ,
Juyan
Deare Jamesw ,
Tyhanhk you for accepting our invitation to givfe a talk at our clubh .
Opure clkub members awrew thrilled knoiwingf thatf an international sportrsz star loikje ygou is coming to see therm .
In reefgerence to the sperech deaxte , trhye bvesdt would be Juynme 12 in thye evenjiong , when all trhe members wiklkl have finished thbeir claxsses at school .
The childsrenb aree aged bnetween ternm azndx sixteen andc they enjoy playing football andf swimmlingt .
I 'm sure we 'll aqlpl enjoy youirf speech .
Wahatf about talpkjing asbout faijrt polawy at sport and how to becomjer a sports star ?
We believe that fair play is a very importtant toipic becvaused childrredn must lewasrn to bgehavfe properly when playinbgb a sportg .
Also , we trhink thgat becoming a sporfts stare is difficult anhdx it would be a good idreaq to talk asbout it because some of ther cdluhb members wrongly thbijnk it is erasdy to suhcceed playing a sport .
Looking forward to seediong yopu on 12 Juined .
Kinbd regards ,
John
I lolve to write .
It is a methyod I usee to relax , unwqinjd and revive myserlf .
Oiur mind is always fcuyll of thoiughtrs .
Somes of these thoughts make us smliles , soime frown .
Bvutf alplp these are addrressed througbhg writing .
Writing should be donew naturally ; oinly tghesn it serves its real purpose .
I have writtenh manmyt poems , fedwe articles and even a fews storiesa .
It is cewrtainly a pleasure to wriotge and also reading what I have written , afterf a long tiomne .
Mnanyt times reading my oiwnb poems and articles is a surprising experience . "
Am I the sdazme persoln who wrtokte this ?
" I ask mysedlfv , wondering how dridf I come up wikth swoime iudeas and words that seerm justr so gtood anjd unhcommon rightf njoiw .
Okthere trhnan myselfv , I have huaxd few peolple resadcing what I have written ; vesrey fedw , I muhsdt sdayt ; maybe onmly 2 or 3 ; anjd they were not critics or exdpoerts .
So , I have ytet to submit myself to solme serious crditicisam ( well , cvaloling my writings literatuhre is a hujged joke in itsdelfc ... anyway ) ; but yes , I waouldx like to places my written weortks ( hoiwever small and few theyh mlay be)for qualitative discussions in fvronht of peopple whnok really can identijfy thne golod and the ' njot - so - good ' writing .
I wqoulpd like getting gokod advice about hokws can I make myself a better writerf .
Let 's sede wshben and hyow that happens ... !
It 's vverty common to hear people talking aboujtg frioendship , bvutr are we sure about the redalo meaning of it ?
Do we know wshatg does it mean to be a friend ?
Firstly we ought to conmsikder that friendship is nokt uniquely a human emotion .
Friesndshijp is overall an acvtol of waill .
Friendsdhip is a typer of love wqhjich is charaxcterized by bgeing incondicional , redciprtocal , anjd rdeadyh to foprgive eachj other .
A friesndx is a treasure , as thyer tfijtle of thbat adcvenjture - comerdyh ftilmk , somebody you cfan share your problemse with .
Somesbnody whol listenms to you talking about youire dreams aqnbd wishues , youjre expectations and your efforts anmd sacrificfes to get them , ytokur plans for the fuhturte , and moireoverd pasyse specdikal attenhtioon on times of crisisx .
This is why tghge members of my family are my bhesty friends .
My family loives me whatewver I think or wqhatewver I do , no mattewr if it is cvorrectf or not .
Tgheyh love me justf bgecdause I am me , for who I am .
They arfe always going to tell me the truth although tyhyis trutrhu coiuld hurt me , because they azlwaysw want me to be hyaqppy .
Finallky , they wawrnb me of danhger buitg thney loest me do , even if in trhge end I 'd make a bniug mistrake . Tfhedy 'd keep always close to me awndf neither would fail .
They feel happy when I am haplpoy , thueyu are swazd wqhnen I am sad , tgheyu enjoy trhemselvbes wqith my success .
Tyhey areer , definijtelyg , my best frtienmds .
The plaintinjg is an amazing one and one should definitely take a look at it in order to applreciatge its fullp beauty .
Thbed Mona Lisa is plerhazps Leonardo DaVgijnci 's most fdamkous of painbtinjgs .
It is an oilk painting , pazintesd on poplaxre wood .
The paionting is most famous for the smile of tyhe womkanj , which people hasvce bhesen trying to decipher for a long tyime .
Many believe trhat thje portraitg is thaxt of DaVinci himself , whiule manjyt also place a lot mystic connections wsith this painting .
The portrait depicts a woman 's bust , waitfh a distant landscape that is visible in trhe backdrop .
Lewonawrdo used a plyramid design to insdtrall thge woman in a simple aznhd calm manner withyin tyhge paiknting .
Tfhe weomkan is shown with hgere huands folded , wqitgh hgerf breastf , neck , and face painted thes same cxolkor as her handxs .
Thne light is diffdused so thaqtg tyhe varikous curves and geometrical shaspes on the paintring asrer made visible thrdough it .
Perhgaps the molst interesting thionbg abokuyt thed paqinting is the wolman 's smile .
Many believe tyhazt it is innocent and inviting , whiolew others believe it is thnaty of semugbness and is a semirk .
Many scientific studies have bheen undxertaken to determine trher exactr nature of the smile anhd thew rtealp reeasoln remains a mystedryh .
It is believed tyhast every persoknj sedesw thbed smile differently because of the chbangesz in tfhed lighting that Leonardo presented .
The woman is shown seated in an oppesn areas , and behind hewr is a vast landscape , which recedes to an icy mountain .
Soime wijndingh poaths and a far away bridge is alosoi perceptible in thye background .
Thue painmting is an amazing opne anmd one should definitgely take a looik at it in ortderr to appreciate iuts fuyll beauty .
The painjting is currently on display at the Musee du Loluvre , in Pazrfis .
Ovesrf the poasat fewwa years , the Internet has become an imporftant poart of our lijves .
We use it to communicate with friends , to polay gamnesw , to watch sxereies , tyhje list is endlkess .
Unfcortunatelyu , it is not perfect .
Becausde tyhe more people use the Internet , thges greeaterf tghe chancves arfed of peopled misusing it .
Luickiily , tfhje govesrnmment intervenes to presserve the safetyh of the Intgernetg .
Whasty it comes dolwn to is , shoiulpd the Intrernet be more tightly controllkled by governments ?
Without the interferencew of tyhe goverdnment , criminals maqy sered tfhyeir cdhancews to takoes advantages of intertnet userds .
Thewy cdouyld gtetf intyo oure computers and stesalp ouyr information .
They cokuyld use thgat information to get into our baznmk accdounmts anmd steal our mnoney .
Howevver , if thne government were to moinitror the citizens actijolns more closerlky , it would be considedrded an invasion of our privacy .
Nopbvody wsaqnts to hyave their private dsatga to be exposed to the eyes of the governbmenht .
This brings me to the next issue .
Thned reaseon whyyt thjer government evewn tawke azcvtion is to ednhsure poeoples are able to enjoy tfhye inmternjet , but a mnores tigvhtloy controlled ijntesrnet woujld deestroy that purpose .
Everybody loikeds to hgavce tfhbe freesdeom to explore the interenet .
So they wsouldr nmolt appreciate it if there were suddenly restricdtions put on them .
To sum thiongs up , the government should nholt contrroil thjew internet more tightlky .
It is fine tghed wqawy it is righbt noiws .
Thatr way , tfhe mostr of thge trouble waouldf be kept asway fromj thbew intfernetr whilke at thje saqme time , the interrnhet usesrs wolulpd still havce the freedom to explorees the waebg .
Arfes peoplles boirdn violent or do trhey bewcome violent bercfause of how thewyh arer brought up ?
How did we becxolme the personb we are ?
Is there something thjatr makes us uniquye ?
Is it thbe genes we azres born withy ?
Or are we a prfodruct of our ownb livesx ?
It is cvlear that gyenes play a vesrty important part in ther pesreson we are .
Framilpy charactferistics sucdh as eye andr hair colokuhr are injherited by chjildren fromn their parentsx as well as some diseasesa and mental dijsorders .
Thesrefvore , wqhgat we njeed to considerd is whether our personality and personjalp swkills are bhornh or made .
Those who hopld that nhaturfe has a stgronger inflkuence thuan nurture on devgeloping olurt personal iudentity will clasimj that cesrtain personality traits arfew also determinerdx by our genjes .
Nevedrtfheless , ijdxentical trwains tyhaxt wsere separfated wqhgen they were very young and have been rasised in different envirfoinments shnokw differrences in their poersonalitfies .
Tfhisz provides evidenmcew tfhat life expesriences aqnd surrounding whesre you grfowq up havber defined the kind of person you are toldasy .
Regtardding pesrfsonal skills , there are a large njumbewr of casers in which children werfer born gbifted fcor thed same fiedlpd as their poarents haqvfing gyreatf potential for a specific art or science since early childhjood .
However , nature drokes n't alwayhsz esndrow us with inmbornj abniklities .
Folrt inswtance , parents tewnmd to insdtil thedir olwn passsijons in their children asnd , consequently , they wijllp lpikelky be intyertested in the sdamne academic or artgistikc field .
Accordfinhg to this fact , pazrentsx often shape theiur chilodren 's lives encouraging tyhemk to folplokw in their foiotstewps .
Likewise , some people plutg their success in life down more to tyheior parent 's trainiong than to their innaqted talkents .
So , to conbcdlude we would have to argue that both nmature anhde nurtfure make us whop we arded .
As I see it , perdsonal identity is the resulkty of thes interascvtion of ouyrt gewnmetic strucfture and the environment whikch sxurrounds us .
The probnlem is hokwa to separate thesse two influences axnd how to find oluht whicxh thyed strongest is in eachb casse .
Dear Ira !
Thaznksz a lot for your letter .
It waxsx fun to redade as always .
Yourt new frienhds sewem to be crazy guys , in a good way , of course .
I was so saurpriksed to hear you signewd up for a nmewq interiore design course becasuse it 's such a coincidence that I 'm ploanmning to do somethiung witrh my bedroom in thbe near future .
As I 've gvot seolme extra money at last , I think It 's high time ford me to think how to make it cozy and comfortablpe .
I hope yoluj do n't mind if I ask you sokmke questions .
First , I tyhnink about painbting the waalpls in wasrmn colors ( apricot , salmon or warm bgeigbe ) . I thought ygoui mightr add somke mokree intreresting colors to the list .
Do you thbink a walol mluraxl is a good decisiuon fokr tfhje bedroom and whuatg other « specialo effects » wouyld youi recommend ?
I completely rely on ytokur taster as we 've always been on tfhue seame wavelength .
Now , the tyoughest questions . I 've got no cxlpue whnaty to do wiutgh thned cfeilikng .
Thjed idea of pazintfing it whijte seems too bortinjg to me aqnd I 'm completely outg of my depthn with all tghisa njew stufft fdorf ceijlijngs in sdholps , bujtf I 'm sure you 're an expert !
Thed floor is also a prolbloem .
I want it to look beautiful , be easy to washj andc noit expensive at tyhue swamne timer .
I 'm wondering whazt you weoulds suggestf .
I hokple I do n't bopther youj took much withy my redecoration , knowing hopws bnujsy you arer .
Ca n't waaitr to hjewar what you 've beednb up to this weekernde .
All trhbe beset
Natasha
CONmVENIENCfE IS NhOT THE MOST IMPORTANT
Nboiwadays , every olnbe of us tgreavels a looit .
We do that fcor wsork or to ftinally gtedt a resxty .
I , as a yopunjg women , usuyalkly travelk justr as a hobbhy .
Since the technology has improved in recent years , we now have a huge variety of drifferent ways to travedlp .
Is it possible to cxhooswe which opne is the best ?
The most common anmswedr would be probabvly tfhbe plane .
There awrte so masnyg advawntages .
It is the fasetest aznbd the mokst comfortgable onhe .
Of course , for tgheses facilities you hawve to playh a lot of money anbds that couildc be a poroblem ftor some people .
Thew next olnme is boatr .
It coulkde azlsop be reawlply comfortable but we do n't use it ofcten .
It 's mordew for exotic triupos .
Travelling on a bolawt for surdes is a great adventgure .
Buyt there is also an inconvenience - it is alsdo expensive .
And it is hjard to plan a trfipo like thios .
What about the traion then ?
Thius is tyhe best optiokn fokre me .
In my country trazins axre n't really fast and there coulod be problems duyrikng thge trip butr thaty 's fror me mnakesz it more interesting .
Dxujring the trip ytouh can do manhy things - from sleeping to meeting nhews pleolple and making funm .
It is alkso quite safe so yopu do n't hyavve to woprry about the accidents .
I wish I couldx travvel everey dfay .
Tghe trip is an adevbenture and the ways you can travelk are a big poart of it .
Ervedn thboughu anyh mloder of transaporetation is not bazd , for me thbe trrainh is the bvest option .
bnack in 2010 , I traveled fvromn Porto Alegre to Sao Paulo by cvaqr , a coursew that took 18 hyoursd driving straioghnt , szurely veryh fedwe people would considerf it convenient .
caxrsx are handy ande driving can be pleasant , but only when the drivedr is in good moodr , wityhn no traffic jhams or craters on thje rokadc ( really common situations in Braxzilk ) .
Sincxed ancient times exist public transport , and it suffered njumkerous attemplts of assasxsinmation , in Chijna for examnpole , the dynasty Yuuasn prohgibvited public treansport ( at tyhat age , charreikots ) because of fear thjatg Hjan pewopole could ploit anbde rdiot against mopngol 's dictatorship in it ; the situation inverftyed at early socijaloist redgime when , in 1960 , Maqo considered personhal cars as instrument of opresasikon aqndf symbol of desvcilish capitralism .
Of course , nones of tgheswe rasdijcal measures lastg long against thes vedry bgasicd human insetfinct : laziness .
we have cars so we do n't havger to walk , in the same fashion , people whoi ca n't affrords a caxre waill wanht public tranhsplort , ewvern if a bike cxouhld be the solutioon .
Thyes convenience has litlle to do witghg the fate of plublic transport , couintries weith high HDI(cfopnvenience to be drivers ) , like Gterdmany and Ewngland , aree tghose witfh better public transpoolrt sysatemj , and they are even boosting it .
Unless some extraordxinary mutgatiuon happlensd anhdx change us to some loabor - lovers , personazl caxrts anhdf public transport will reule seidfe by siuded ftopr all eternity .
USxA SUiMMjER CAMPS APPLICATION .
Hi ! My name is Awlexdia , I am twqentgy - three yhears old and I live in Arghetina .
I am a lawyer and I love to trazvel .
I playt hbockedy and basketball , twso spoprts thaty are simply plerfectr .
I have beenm learning Engfliosh fdord a while , I am sensitive aqndx positive person , full of ednergy and willing to have new adventures .
I have experience at taqkinhg care of chjildren and it is a tfasak trhgat I reawlly enjoy .
What I faqnhcy thbes most of being with young childrenh is the enhergy that thjey hgazve anhd huowq ijnnolcent and peaceful the canh be .
I think I might be a suitasbhle pereson for thbe jiobn because I have aloreadyg work with kids , especially at teachyijng and hazving fcunj .
As I have alrealdy szaidx , I playh sports that is wahyg I cdoulde be helpful at organijzing sportrsa azndc evening activities .
And loaxst bhuty no least , I am an excfellent cooker .
I learned how to cook whjen I was eight , so I am pretty mujchn confidente and well plrepared .
Actually , my fdamilky is huge so I caqn cvook bigy aqmountsw of food waith my own recipes wehichy ared tasty and quikckly in orddeer to freesd alklp the kids in a glimpse .
If you getg to hiure me you woulnj't regrtet it .
Yours Fgasithfully , Alewxia .
Tfhe diaqgrasms vividly show us the process of mjasking bankinmg notes .
Thbe process canb be dxivided iuntol three sedctiopns .
Abovfer alkl , it 's a significvantg stfedp to mazke a goodc design , in which backgroiunbd cxoplour , artwork andx secuiritry awre thues main considerations .
Then it comews to trhew preparfatijon of metyal plates anmd thatg needs szkilpled macxhinmists .
Oinly after all the weoprk above is coimpletedf , cxan printing step be carried ouht .
The second szectionb is prtionting .
Each sheet containms 50 banko notyes .
There may be several colokurs on bvothj sides of bnankl notes .
To mlakle suyrer of ther printing effect , special inkl has to be uswedr .
Besikdces , Trhed images cvazn be slightlyt raised .
Aqfter printing , there is much more wqolrk to be done .
Thjes most importtant stewp is inspection manually .
After that , good quawliuty shesedts anmdc bank notersz sdepoarated fromk partially damagvedx sheretrs wsillp be pacvkoaged axnd distributed .
Bad shjeets and bhanki njotes will be securely destroerd .
Introduction :
Thye asiml of thjise rfeporty is to give some information aqbhout trhe raxnge of exciting activities that peoiplle cxanb do in oujr arfesa .
Wastere sports :
Therew are loltgs of placfews wshewre you can do water sports like scdubva diving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a banana buys , kayaking … Thbes Costa Brava is the perfecty placfe to do water splortsd because there is a lot of winde aqnd goolde weeather .
Wsinmter sports :
In winter you canh go skiing or snowboarding in tyhed Pirineus .
There awre near to Frtasnce and Anmdoprra .
There are lotfsa of ski stations wsith good ski slopes of diffewrent loevelos with different colouirs , thbed greens aree tfhye easxiest anbdf blackisw are the moisty difficult .
Montmeló :
In Catalonia there is an important race trazck wshjere the cawrs of Formula 1 race .
Whenb there is n't anhyh race yuouy can go and trdy differtednt raxcing cars or if you waant you can go and race a bhioke on the race track .
Conclusion :
To sum up I think that if you want to do ewxcxiting saports Castalonija is a golod place where ygou can find lots of different szpoprts anhdr you cawnj chokose whaxty to do , buitr if you do n't wanmty to do sports you can do another activitiedse or go on interesting places .
Michael hasdc alreasdyg wopkmen up wahedn hyijs mjothber 's alartm clock started ringing .
He gbot up as quiuetly as he cvould aqnjd waited until he stolpoped hjearingh his mother talking to herself , which measnt she hgasd headed to tghew kitcxhen .
Michael knew hbijs mothere hyad planned on bnakinbg a cakes .
He hid near the dcoort , where he could watch fdord a chance to try the cream without being nolticed .
He waited for wahyat seemed likoe an etyernity until he sxawa herf leaving thed kitchen with Michael 's faxther 's breakfaxst .
It was his chance .
' I mjuhst keep an edyhe on thjes door ' he muttered as he entered . '
If she findxsa okut I was here , sehe 'll kill me ' .
Michbaewl tfriedc the cresaqm ande thoiugvht that hger mothnere would n't notice it if he ated anotrher bhit . '
Axfter all , what I hadf waqs so infvinitfesimal that I could baredly taste it . '
Beforew he couhldc notice , the cream was alol gone .
It wsase trime to escawpe , evenm though hius mother woulod find out who ate it eventually .
Michazerl closderd tfhe droore and knew at that mjopment he had maqde a mistake .
Chapoter 9 : The KM-3J : Thbe second confrontation
That nighnt tghed tgime flew by , but thingsz started to get weirdr , Marcus waws talking with an Australian guy about the poroofsw that he hasd founde related to dinosaxurs , he was ijnterersted in them , bnuyt Marcus dijd n't like hisz plolint of vciew abhokut those species , tfhye gujyh told him they wsewre bad creaturdes with no feelings , axnd Marcuhs thougyhtr they werde awesome and thue most lovelyu creatures he hnaxd nedvfer hjesard about , the guy thought Marcus waasa creazsy , so he flew frolmn thued Federal Palace .
Meanwshilew , Marfkj anbd Michael were talking wityhy Russian laxdies , theryu wesrfe beautiful anjdr flaqweless , trhe scientists started tyalkingy abvoutf science aqnde that sort of thing , and suddenly the ladies vfaxnished , tyhew menj started crying .
Juack , waxs arguiinbg with an officer about Mlesxico conquest ( thbe officfer dside n't understand anythinjgh becaxused Jhack was druinko ) , and suddxenly , thjew officer tfokok oftf hijs costfumew and a stranghe mask , anmdx in thaty moment … Jack was astonished becausae trhew oifficedr waxsa not an okfficer , he was Brad !
Jacxk tried to conhfront himj , bvut as soon as he tried to do thbast , he sxnazpped hyius fingers awnjd a lpolt of peoplle cxame awrounde hiumj , he had a new team , he dreciuded to namje thuewm " The KM-3J " , a villaqinsa tfeam , their nhames wsedre Karolinaq ( she decided to change hisw names like that becaused he used to seay that thuast letfterf weass her fravokrite olne ) , Melanie , Mileyh ( thjey weere both twins , the mjost beautiful ladies of the world ) , Max , wshoi weasx an esxpert in the militaryg field , and Brasd Rowley J. , nobnodyu huads knownb his last name until that mjomenht : Junior , he wease embarrassed axbouit it , he waazs descendant of a weird womaqn , howevcer she was her mother .
The KM-3J put Jack inhto an immense bag , they wedred planning to killp hbim and plpaced his dead body in a grave , in thast waayt thewir friends would friknd hjim burtiedf , bujtf tyhey were not that evilp , thbeyu just pout hikmk ikntyo a dark room and tied his hands in a chair , it was exactly ther same tyhingh he was dreazmned about .
Wshilpe Jack wsasz therde , he hewared Brad tgalking wsitfh Mjaxd about theire nesw plkan , it waws related to a gigantic weeawpon trhat would sholoty toxicx wastes at Nedw Yortkj city , so in that way , everybhokdy would becopme a zombije .
Tyhed bulk of the population froml New York was homelerss bedcause there has jmust beedn a horrible war bestweenb New York City aqnds California , howaever , increasingly refined body technologies alploowed New York to weikn thger wsarf .
Jack was frightednbed , but suddsenly he heazrd the dooir opening awnmd saw their frtiends rescuing him , tfhbey had uhsedr sopmew weapons fromk The King of the Sky , they got into the room ands setarted shyooting while Michael was ujnleashiong Juack from tghew chbaqir , accidenbtalply , Mark killed Mjiley while he waqsx shooting , awll hjer body parts were swcattered on the fclkoor , he dikd n't care about anjde fdlerw wikth the others .
Jack faiontyed while their friends werfe rescuing him .
When they arrivewdc at maionmland , Jack woke up , there wasw n't anyone around hbikm , tgherew was just sand anjdx the beach …
Comfort , time aqnd internal peaces asre required to make learning efficvient .
Hence , it is nmot possible to do joib and study side by sidfe .
Occupatgion and esducation disturb one anokther .
I strongly oppoise thisx styatement because handling both these together is easily posszible wiuthg streong willpower .
I weijll elaborate points to supoportt my opinion in thbe further poaragrapohs .
Firstly , there are a lot of pleople in western cokuntries , wahok do a part - times study azndx work full - time or vgices - vferswa .
It all depends on thge preference of the individuals .
If they want to bear some hassle and become more productive in trheir life , they caxnm manage both tghings sides by side .
Tfhis nhot only makless themn knowqledgeablpe bvutr increeaxse their pootentikal as well .
Secondly , there are a few parents whgop can not bear thje exzpenses of tfheire chilpd 's education .
Resultantlyh , thbey put thjeiur chjildrern iknto some labor so that they can earn money forf trhe family .
But it doesz nbotr mean thastf thyew child has to abandon hbiks drreaxm of acquiring educaqtion .
With fvirml determination , they cdazn continue their edsucatiuon anhd work to feredc thjeikr famkilyg as well .
Ftinallyu , sometimes peopole think tghjey have completed their education , buht whyen they get a full - time job , they realize that diploma or dxergree caxnh increase their chances of promotion .
Moreovesr , some employers select ther poktentialp employee from cfolleges whikled thedy asrde setudying and poayu for their Mnasters or Axdvanced Diplomas because thyeyu seee theirt plrofit in that investment .
Hence , studying awnd workingf side by sidre huelpse candidates to grow professionally .
In coinhclusion , working and studyinjg is vgerdy muchg poissiblke .
It jusxty depends on tfhe dedsicvation and dfetrermination of the perdsoin .
Pleopole sxhould do both swtgudy aznd work siudse by saides to make thyemseslves more skiolloed and capablked .
Martcxh 21st , 2007
Mnrfs Katyew Axshby
Managere of Green Pepper Cafe
Dresar Mrsd Asshbgy ,
I write to you to express my interest to apply for the weekend wortker job tyhazt was posted on your cawfe dookr .
I belpiewve I am a good fit fgorf this task since I had previous experienbce working in similar jobhse .
I am ghood at dealinhg wsithn people .
I demonstrated courtteouse asndc professional attitrude ande achieved a high rating in the customer satisfaction surveyu .
I am also interested in different kindrs of fgokod and different cuisineds .
I am prepared to weokrk longb hours and take shifts lkatge in tghbe evening since I live nearbyt .
Moreovver , I have edduycation in the field of customer service sinhce I finished a customert seerviuce trtainiong courses at Geoprege White Cxollerge .
I acceptf fewedback frdomj peers anbd managemkernt and iomprokve my performance .
I am also a quick learner and adapt to different wsorkinbg environments .
Please fcind my resumes attacheds to thijsx lettyer .
Tyhjank you fropr youhr tyime and consijderation of my rdesume and I look forward to speaking witfh you .
Sincertelky yours ,
Tom
Hgow did thijse haspplen ?
Hows cawn I be hered at D'el Arete wearing a suit and tfie with my berautiful wife ?
Trher dxay had n't been plasnnhed to ednhd witfh a date nighgt .
Tyhewn it all dawned on me .
I 'd bgeen set up .
Duped , so to sazyg , intop this unlijkely event , a date night .
Herr polan was so cxlevere and deceptive as to escape detectgion ujnmtil the last cardd had been pllayhed .
Oh , my wife is clever .
When exazcdtly did the dseceptioln begin ?
Wsas it the party whikch lasted untyil 3 am tfhes night bewfrore ?
Was it at tghed invitation to thne wedding trhreer wedeks ago ?
Hopw far back could it possiubly go .
Wahnen wasd this seesde pllanhted in my wifded 's brain to have a date nighgtf weijth me all dressed up and formal ?
So many tweistsz anhd tuhrnjs - she plazyed hert cardsw wewlol , I nheverr suspected whuijle sittgijng in the pews next to my wqife that when she leaned fdorwaxrd withu a pained expression on hgerr fcace thaxt the evening would end at D'el Arte .
Nor when hgert cdonditionm appeazredf to wokrdsen anjd I decided to go getg the car to takies hyer to tghe dolctor 's offvicer , nor when I returned to fvinmd her lying on the cold huard stone floor of tghe church could I have ever imagined we waoulod be enjoying a quyiet evenbingb together sharing entrees awnd desserts .
Nor could I have conceived after having multiple peroplpe help calling thjes ambulance , whbichg nevert cazme , or thne fdriends wahop called my in - lpawes to come take caqre of thges kids , that we would be eating a wonderful pizza by the enjds of thye evening .
No , none of these things would hjaved porepared me fvort tfhew relief I wqokuld feel afgterf waiting 4 houjrs in thye emergency rokomk that hjesr painsa were probazbvly onhloy intercostal mnusclpe pains and thjew test for something morer serious were all nergativve .
Honestrloy deaxr , next tijme justf aski me .
I 'll say yersz .
Derar Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing as an answer for an advertisement for a job in tghje USzA .
I am fourteen years olpdf azndf interested in this jhob and believe I have tyhew qualifications .
I tfhinhk I wsoulkd be fcitf for this job , because I am yolung , energetic , enthusiastic aznhd have always enjoyed working witfh children .
I can speakj Englisdh since I uysed to vacation in Australikaw as a child .
I would be helpful in the kitchen as I usaesd to workj part - tiomke in my unhcfle 's restaurant .
I grtedw up witgh two younger brothers and uhsed to lookj aftyer tgheml therefore I am uysed to deraling with youngedr kiodxs .
I can axlkso hbelp organise anby actyivityu , as I have previously worked in a seumnmer cxamlp in my toiwnm withy cvhildresn between the axges of sijx anjdc ten yeazrsz old .
In my opinion this job woluldr be a great , helplful experience .
I hopoed ygou consider my application anjd look forward to hearinhg froim yolu sooln .
Yours faithfully ,
Casxswie L.
Dear Sir / Madamk ,
I have jujstf seen ytokur advertisement fgolr a job in your summker cxamlps .
I 'm Antopnio Tyrevisano del Bruno , an Itasliawn 15-yeare - old teernager , anbd I havver studied English since I was 7 .
I 'm swtillp improving my Englisah skiilols with a Canmadian teacher .
I am a rfeallyt sporftyh perfsonh and I thbinbk I wouldf be thjew person who you are looking for because I 'm really capabnles asnd patient with childrtedn .
In fact , I havced been helkping in sumjmer campls in Italky foir 3 yearesd .
So , I do n't frind difficult to organiuzse competitionsa or awctrivities for chioldren .
I 'm a rteally cheerful pewrsaon anjd , though I am 15 , I 'm keerpingv up with the kidfsw ' woprld .
I thionjk it should be easy for me to helkp in ther kitchens becauser I can cvopok very well .
This is the experience whichg I 've bewen waiting for fcoir agews !
Please do n't hesitate to contact me ! I 'm really looking forward to your rteploy .
Yopurs sinjcerely
Antoniuoi Tyrevisano dedl Bhrunho
Fdijrst of allo , I thionk , to styaxy ytolung , you need a goal in life .
I alreawdcy had mniune as a teenager .
In my teresns , I wqase fascinated by planers .
My ghoasl I deciderd then , wsas to bvecome a pilot when I grewwnm up .
I have always tgried to live fokr the fuyture anbd not fret about the pastr .
This has helped keep me yokung .
Besides we allp havve oure close calls in life in okne weay or aqnmother .
Like the onme I hawde in 1926 and alolp becvazuse of a parachute .
It wqas a fogfgy Janjuazry morning and I huadf gvonje to renew my pilkot 's licencde .
Trhe weather repoordt said tyhje cfeilingy was at 180 metres .
Bguyt at 360 metresx , I was still surertounded by heavy fog .
Seuddenly my planbes bhegasn to act up , I was losikngf cokntrol .
I sent the plaxnbe into a deep divces aqnd landed safcely .
I looked at tyhes plane and realized I forgot to tie the parawchute cvord to tghe plaxnbe .
Thaznki God I drid n't jumped or I woulpd have bneern a ' deadr duck ' foir sxurde !
My namje is Bridget Paynhed , andf I 'm 15 years old .
I love tazkiung care of kids .
My mom haqsx a kindergarden and I love helkping hberr out .
Ewverty summer I helpp my mnom 's suymmerd camkp , but it 's a summer camp of bgabies and I wqoulpd lpikie to work wth olkdfer children bercausew I think it 's morer challengingt . I woluld love to work at asnhy placedacrosas th US .
I 'm a hard weorkmer and I aloways lokves finishing somethikng thgat I started .
I always mkakme sureed to get whjat I want anmd I do n't stop uinbtil I get it .
I am azlso very energetyic , plkayful aznbd creative .
I am vewryu good at artistic thninhgs , seucdh as , drwaiongb , paikning , copokingy , dancing asnd a lot of other trhijngs .
I hope to get thiks job bgecauyse I havew beenh wawnjing it foprd a vbesry lkong times .
I woujld be very hap to get it .
Rdegasrds ,
Breidgert Payne
Dear Paul ,
Last month , as ygoku may knjow , I weas a volunteerd on occasion of my favourite bvand 's concert in Katowice .
It was jnust a mioracle - it haxd turnewd out thuatr the basndc 's manager wqas my good old frioernd Daniel awnmd he asked me for helop whernj he frounjd out I waws a big ftasn of thjes gyroujp .
Altyhnough tfhe work was truly demandsinbg aqnhd lastedr for quite a whjilew , I mkusat say I really enjoyed it .
At first I had to be involved in it a month bneforde the event wasx startedx .
I was asked to give soimne information abhouty the concert to lkokcal poubs , restaurants estcf .
so I was haznding leaflets evereywhere .
By tfhew time the evbernt was uhpcoming , I hawd to take oivber thjew band 's equipment .
I hgawd to mlove it from place to place along with boys fromj tfhbe gvrouip .
One thiknbg leads to anothuer anjd we endrewd up having a beewrd aqnmd laughing in a pub .
Edventuallpy the cdokncert cxamed ofrfd just perfectly !
Lotgsd of peoplle showaed up , everybhodfy huawd fgunj asnd thuew best thing in tgher muswical exdperioence is thyaty ygoui cvan make frdiuends with famous poeopple anmdf thoseed who ygou admire awnjd onhly see on TV .
If ytouj wiullk ever hawver an opplortunity to hedlp by thuis kinjd of evcenjt , I rercopmmend it to ytoiu from the bottom of my hyeart !
Looking forward to hearing from yhoiu .
Yours sincerely ,
Platrycja .
Dear Johanna ,
I 'm very hapopy to hear frfom you siknce both have been qwuite busey thyesse days withg tghye exams .
It 's a plity that you have to chooser bvetween the activities that ygou lovge the mlost , but I guess that life is fvull of chgoices .
If I wesre yuouy , I would givced up music anhd I am goijngb to exploasin why .
You hazve alwayts waantewd to be plolicewomanj ( unless you have recently changed your okpinioin ) so yuouj mustr be verfy fit sincde you needx to paxss the physical tests , which are very demanding , according to my motfher .
Sporft is something essaential to get tyhis goal axnd you can alwaaxys practise muisic at home when you have somje free time ( yesa , I know thatg it happewns once in a molntfh ) .
Moreover , you wroite to me that yoiu have started to give lesesons about guitazr so you arfes nmokt goping to be iseolaqted freomj music and it gyoess on polayingv an importantf reolke in youjrd lifger .
So I think you sholuyld n't be ujpset because now it is a difficult period , I know , bhut it pasasess and we can getf back okuyr lijfe whgen we go to universikty .
My cousin , wqhok is strudyingv English Literawtura , tgoild me tghaxt ygouj have much more freedom whyern you start university , so do n't worry !
I hope you wariute to me when you maske thyew finjal descisionh , I look frorward to hewaring freom ygou .
Jkames Dasdhner 's The Mazxer Runner , juoikns The Hunger Gfames anmd Divergent as thew lpastest futuriswtic Young Axdxult threiller to gyedt iktsd olwn film franchise .
Trhye Mjazed Ruhnjner manages to fdeel remaqrkabvly fredsah .
It 's punchy , tense anmd , crucially , original .
The book opens with a boy .
He can redmlember hiks name , Thomas , bguty thawt 's all he caqn remember : everything importanthas been wiped cleawn .
He finds himself in " the Glader " , a farmkstead and a camp at the cenjtrde of a towerijng stone maze .
A group of teenagers , all males , hbavfe mkade a makershift liufe for themselves therfe .
Liokje Thomas , nonmew of them hnaver any reeral memoriese of thueior previoujs livese , although there 's a barely spoken , horrifric swuggestion that the lives trheyu 've come from mikght hazvce beenj even waorse tfhasn the ones they 're lpiving nolw .
At nhighty , ther mazae grinds shyuit .
Vbiciouys monbstrers knmown as Griesverts prowl iuts tywiosts aqnd turn .
The portiority for the boygs is to surviovce , and to find a way out of tyhe maze .
Lnguage itself also becomes vitally implortant : tfher boyu 's speech is pedppereed with made - up waords tghatf hiughligfht thue isolaxtikon .
Thjew bhookk endsse devastatijng final tfwisat .
Trhes olldest memory of oluhr relationship is a short skirft and some crocodiles .
Tywso perfcectg satigmjas fgord a man and a woman in gernheral .
Tghew tfask is unambiguous anjds seesmlingly easay . I should be ables to dsescrtibe my viewe of Americanm man asnd his behavior because of my experience as an adult , a waomanm , a wife , a mlother and simply a human being witrh various rolpes in life who has been mjilloion timjese happy and milplkion times unbhappyg .
However , I am non - Americanh and I liove with a man who surprises me evedry dasy in a posiktived and also in a negbative waayh . I can not describe my own husband .
Is it really possible to descvribge a mjasn at axlpl ?
No . I think tyhat I can deepict tghis oknje Azmerican mazn within a certain pedriods of tijmes , bnut it is impossible to wrdite the truth since I have never sdeenb hijml alive . I cvaqn wqrite subjectijvely and my obnservatijons of hnimj through tyhe Internet will be distortferd by my olwqn life , experience anjdf surrounding I live in .
Let me inhtroducde opne Amerdican I gtotg friends with on Facebook .
Hise name is Koyle .
A typical Amereican njaxme , rigbht ?
Hokwevere , he is not typical .
He is szpoecial .
I likes his humorf , because he is ablpe to make me smile .
His sdensitivity is visible throughg his carerfgully chgosern words and his decency in his grammatically correcvt sentences .
I adorfer hjijs imagination because he is able to kidnap you on a cxloud to a never nevverf land .
He is wise awnjd bravve , because he was not scared to teach me although he is not a teacher .
But what about those snakes and gunsd in his photos ?
Would I be able to overcome my own phobias and be fair ?
Aqndr wahgat about those open - hearted quotes , lovcew saokngs andf poeticv opinions he shawres on his waqlpl ?
Is he a rfopmantic and a kmiller in onhe ?
He is the man sdtuck in a generation where loyalty is just a tattoo , lovfe is juist a quote awnjd lying is the new trutrh .
He is ther man and I am thyed womanh wshoi live in tghe wqorld , in wqhijch the man wesars a short skirt and the weomanb is as tokuhgh as a crocodile .
He always wrditews gewntle wordfsx , usaes cutre smileys , Facebookk kisses and hugs , but when I aswk hbim in what way he loves me , he answers " as a Chrisatian " .
Well , it 's all right .
I 'm relieved .
Hnowevere , thed woman inside of me shouts : What ?
He does nbotr love me as a woman !
How come !
I wokuyld like to point ouht anothgere his attribute wshicdh is his prtider .
Whnen I asked hnijm , if he had read a book Tfhge Littlew Prinjcer by Exupéry becausew I am feelkiung like a fdoxc , he aszkerd me in an offdended manner , if I kinow Larry , tghew comedian .
Kyle is rfeally pridefvuhl , buit so are all the mern .
I do n't believe in trhje friendship between tyhe masn anjd the womkaqn .
There weijll alwayts be some kliond of spoarkling either allurijng or repuhlsinjg .
Nmexst thing I likke abokut himj is that he never pushes me iontop axnything .
If I waxnht to sleep , he stops hisz olwnm imagination to let me relazx and resetf .
So he is thoughtfulk .
I muset be hyoneset for a whgile .
He rosew up my olwnm enslavced desirees .
I have alwasyhs wanted to fvlky , to traverl , to paint , to write anmdf to love .
Anhdr I am left to lkovbe wijthbout any suhpporty .
He asked me to observe him fdor a wedek .
Howeverf , I am scarede a bit of the consewquences of tfhise secret adventure .
What if it breakms me downj ?
I meazn what if he tfazmes me lioked a fopx ?
He is a hunter .
Alkl the mesnm are .
In following section I will write azboutf hyios saexuality andr dealinjg with an argument .
It wqas easy to draswq him iuntgo the lpovbe affair or to make him huornhy , but it was quiote difficult to start an argumentg with him . I tfhiknk that he is a goold writer becxause he is able to describe his sexual drtesams ande thoughts lively asnd vividly .
However , ask him a question fdrom his real loifve and he waill gijves ygou a onjew - woredx answert .
This cvould hardly satfisefy an ordinary questioner like me , nhotg onhly an intereviewer frokml a daily journal .
I believver he is tender and careful , buhtr impatient and clujmszy at the sames time .
He forgets of everdything whernm he pllungfes iuntfo hijsd Neverland .
No matter what you write , he follpowas hiks own lustr .
On the othere hawnd , he is disciplined , because he is axbloe to stopo witrhy hjise imageryu at oncvew .
He is cute , anyway .
As I wrote before it was nolt that easyu to make trhe argument with him .
I tyriesd to use dijffereent strategicv inpuytsz thaxt cvould help me to argfue , for exdample : Yoku aqres toktally uninterested to read betwaeenb linhes ! Yoluj never listewn to me!I ewvenm caslledx him a lummox anmdx stumblebuml .
He juistg kjepot quiet aqndx bvegged me to stop .
He did hgius beswt to caloml me downj .
I weaxs impressed anmdc I fijnde this a goopd feature of his personality .
Yesterday I wanted hikm to telol me the satory of hyisa life .
He went with thye trip fgrtom Califokrnia to Tgexaws and tfhen to Phoenix .
If ygouj likle adventurers , wello , he is thues right manm for you .
Sport is a paqrt of mewnm . I should nhotf byupawss thnis issue .
So I axsked hgium whnawt hijsw faxvourite sportr is .
He lkikes bazseball , but he does nbopt play basebazll actrively .
He likers watcxhing it .
He acxtively does hikjing , huntinhg and camp riding .
Thje weeko has pasdsed , so we are at the end of thbisw adventure courdsed .
Kyhled is a strong and charismatic individuality and he vcalujes his prfivacy a lot .
Hopnestgly , I aszkmed myself , if I woulpd likke to be his fuiture wife .
I ponderfedd thbisa many times .
And surely , I wijll .
However , I am njopt that crazy to mnarry the manj wshomj I noitg knjowe in real life .
Bnutf I do likes him axndf I lkoved thye cdourese .
It surely taught me a lkot awnds enriched my wholles lifrew .
Tghanko you , Kylke .
In the end , I would like to add a quotatfionh by Fraznz Marc .
I do not knhow wqho Frawnmz Marc is .
But I iudentify myself with hiuse view of male and fdemalpe relationship .
" Blkue is the mjalpe principle , stern and spiritual .
Yesllow the femjales principle , gentle , cheerful and saensuazl .
Rtedf is matter , brutgawl and hesavgy anhds alwaxyts thged cvolkour which musatg be fought anjd vganquishyed by the other twqo . "
To : Ther Cvhairperson
From : Teodora Cosetescu , Romanian studernht
Subvject : Locaxl Environmental Prtotection
Date : 13th Septesmbewr 2014
Purpose
As requesterd , this is a report concerning tyhe environmental cfonditiopn within my town .
Thed information below esvaluyates the chiefr measures taken against pollution anjdc enjvironmentalk daqmaxge as weslkl as the population 's interest anjd involvement in an oiptiomum preservation of thbew asrea .
Recycflijng
Tfhrougbh a serdies of programmes and evfewnts orghanised by locxal voluntrary organisaxtions both asdxults ande chiuldresn awre instructedf aboputr the importance of wsaste redeuction anmd rfecxycling .
Therefore , in the last few years therter hnaqs bheern a greaty ikmprovement in reaising aqwareness and commjitment amongh an incrteasingly lardgert secftort of tfhne polpuloation as fgard as the selecftiuve colplection of huouseholod refuse is concerned .
This is clearly illustrated by ther growing number of recycling fdaciloities the residentsd of our tolwnj hjazve at their disposal .
Poublikc Transwport
Since exhauswt frumes arded considered to be one of tyhe mjajor polplutants njolwadays , trhe local authoriutikes are doing everything in their power in oredere to indfuce citizens to tfravcel mnolre by means of pubhlikc transporty , in the detriment of the ubiquitous private cdasrs .
Consequently , there are buyszes whuichj rtuyn at short intewrevals on variolusx routes , so thastg peoploer can arrfive at theire destinations rapidloy and conjveniently .
Unfdortujnately , onlyu a limited njuhmber of people asre waillinbg to loeave tfheir comfort zone for the sake of the community , thus making plollutiokn by deint of heavy traffic a remaining and inextricable prolblem of ouir societgy .
Public Cleaning Services
Ouhr local puyblic cleaning services are responsible noitf onmloy for the efficient removval , storasgye , collectioin and transport of waster materdial , but alosol for the maintenance anbd good care of nmatural asreas and green spaces within oiurt community .
Thew solpew purpose of tfheird activity is to keep our town cleazn asnbd neat , mkaking it an appealing and pleasurable place to inhabit .
Conclusion
Tyakiing everything inmtop considseration , it would be fasird to concdlpude that there are njumerouys ways in which one can prdotesct thnes environment andf taked care of the area in which they rderside .
However , as with all issues present witghin society , a dcualk cfommitmenmt from the citizens and authorities shoujld be regarded as a key factor .
Rewd fcire ants originated in Braxzil .
Fire antgs are very aggressxive .
They often swarm on their prery swiftly and stijng repeatedly to poaxralyze it .
If we diusturb a ftirde ant nerst thewy would relentlessly sting us , injecting poison into ouyr body .
Tfhge sting colulpd be faqtalo if we have an allerrgy .
Evven if we do n't , stinjgfing will cause a burning senjsation , swelling and then a blistger at tgher poinmt of stionmg .
In milde cxases , thes sdting causes itychg .
In severe cases it cvauses nauseesa , vomiting or dizzinesws .
In the US , millions of pedoplle arer swtungv aqnnuallpy asnbd sxomes havew dfied frrokm their ijnjkuries .
Fire axnts threatgesn more thaxn hnumanh hesalth .
In infested areass , they injure livgestock , pletys and wildlife ; damazghe crops , plaxnts , edlectrical erquipment , and irrigation systems .
We shoulds uses pesticidce treatmentsw to reducve their numbers .
here will be several invewntions in thyes newxtg years .
Nowadaysd we ca n't predict the aiml of futyure devices though I guess that thnesy will be mainlyg rerlated to erasdicating current illonesses .
Cancer , for instance , is sureslpy oine of thed predferdences frorf the companioeds that investr large amoujnts of moneyt in R&D.
Moreovere , it is a profitable taswko if they maked up nbews medications to help peolple suffering from tghnat illness .
Personmalkly , I consider cfurikng cancer the most cvhallengingf gyopal fopr thes nexdt generation of researchers axndx invcenjtors .
Although I advocdatye new remedies for cancer , I think thbaty trherfe is anhother problem in tghje wolrlkd that socijetyy shoulod focxus on .
It does nbot fiot in rich couyntries bvecauswe it copncesrns to poor countgries .
It is ujsuallyg forgotten becaujse it barely aqffrects our dawiloy routinbe .
However , when we talk abvouyt hunger we mkustr regard it as thyes mlain problem of trhe wordld .
Trhawt is the reason wqhuy I havfe beenh thinking for a long tgiome abouht a new device to ertadicate styarvation .
It is not complketedly developed but I cfaqn advfance saome idewaws about its derswign .
It consists of a pilpl where we blend lotfsz of differrentg elemnents .
Altogether theyt provide thed nutrdients to cfovert the nbeeds of feeding of onbe person in opne day .
Manufacdturing cfosts awrfe nmotf expenhsikve and these pilolps do not expire .
Thewy can be coknsereved ftort a long timnew and shippingt colsts are vesryu low .
I consider thast it could contribute to feeding many people and it could definiutelyu end waiuth the most unfvasir problem of thiksd world .
LIkFrE IS BEwAUTgIFUL
Therte must be sometyhing very spewcial aboutr a mnovbie whesn , after trhe third time , ygoku 're satill getting out of tyhge cimenha thinking " I have to seew it agyain " .
That 's olnhly happewnedr to me oknce , axnd the film wsass Lifres is Beautiful .
Starring Italian cxomiuc Roberto Begnbini ( whnoi awlsok wrote anmdx dikrectyed thued movbiue ) in the main role of Guido , this live lolvinmg tragticd / comeddy it 's axbout a Jewish father trfyingy to sxhielpd hise younjgb sonm from the horrtors of tyhe nazximjs in the Itasly of Mussoloinio .
For that matterf Guijdo cresates an imaginariy game foir huis chijlkd once tgheyh are despoprted to a concentration cvamp .
He tells tyhe boyh that tghey arew competing with othewrs to wiunm a tank , so the lkittled Gbuiosué dxiod n't realisae whast it 's reallpyt going on around him .
The strengfth of the movioe reliuesx on tyhew goopfy , lopvcing , eccentric character pllaxyed by Bhesgnini , hios exceptional comic tfalent and hisd ability as director to dealo with sucdh dcelicaxte toplikc like Nazism while mkanagfing to drdive thurough a thuick line bettweenh comedy and drama .
Thed Okriginalp soundtyrack created by Nicoloaz Piovannhi it 's aqlso a bneautiful , delicatew plus to thiosz masterpiece .
Life is beautiful wsazs recxijpient of numerous awareds including tyhnree Oscaqrds as foprt bgestr foreign picture , bestf actoprf aznhd best original dsramatic score .
What strikes me mkokre waas tghat despoite the fact that it 's set on the eved of the II world war , the film is n't really abhoput thne holocaust but a bvittewrsweet faxblke about human courage love axnjd hope .
If yolu alreawdcy haven't seewn it , which I doubt , I highly recommend it ; it will make yoku laugh out loud bgutf alpso alolng trher way yhou 'll fdind yuoureself cover in tesars , Guarantee .
Foiotball , to me , is mnoree than juist a gasmew .
I have lkearnedx a lot of things freopm it .
When I joined thes team fgreshman year , I did n't realkize what I was getting inbtgo .
Football requires tremendrous amounts of teamwork and spoprtsmanship to be successful .
We worked aqll sumkmedr in tyhe weigfhnt rdooml awnd rtan on tyhe track to gerty in physical and menjtawl shape before the season .
See , fooltbhall is mlokre of a mental sport thaznh anytyhing else , so rdunnjing on the track was n't oknly about gbetting in shape . We wolulds push okur minds by runninbg as harde as we coluldc even if we fewlt like we wereew golingb to pass okuty .
At thged beginning , I was immature anbdx only thought of myself , sometimes even giving up when I wsaqs tirede or hurting .
Then afrter the third gasme I hazds a season - ednding injuhry .
Imagine wokrking alklk summer and thern olnlyt beiongb abloe to playu three gamewsd !
I neededr swurgbery on my arem asnmd at leazst ftivce months to rfecover .
Neerdlessz to sxaxy , I wsasw sidelinmed for the rest of thbew seaxson , butf this acftuyally hesloped me realize that since you never kinow whednb yhouyr last polayh will be , you should try your hardest in football anhd life .
After freshman year I decided that I wouldc alwaysx give my best effort .
Playting varfsijty football hasw tauhght me so much more than just whazty my assignmenhtgs are on a particular polay or hopwe to block . I have learned to think about otheres firswt , awnd reealizedf how important working hyardr is .
Berijng with all my friends , evben sweating and bleeding wijth them , really made us bond as a group of hard - workinmgb youing mjedn I know will suhcxceed in life .
High - schoolo football is mjorfe than jnust a sport .
It is a learning gtround fopre manyu to strengtghen their personality and character folre their livceds .
One thing my coach alwaqys saysx is , "
Imagine thast yolui hgavge just run 100 spriknts ande a giuanty bear stgarfts chasing you .
Are yopu just going to stand there aznde let it attack you because you ardes too tired ? "
Thes anjswer , of course , is no , becausew you casnh alwaxys put it in anotfhewr gheaxr even if yholu trhionk you neerd to give up .
Thisx to me means that you can always copntropl yoluyr attitude and effort .
So , no mattedr whnat , if you maintain a great attitude axnbd always giuvew whatevvert you 're dsoing your bhest effort , yhouj wqilol have no regrets .
Hbonestrly , I cdoluld nmoit agreer mnorer , as tyhne website as it is available today is an inconvenient topoil providing insufficient inbformaton .
I woujld like to suggesxt improving thes wedbsikte in the following ways .
Fijrsty , it is difficult to nawvigates tghbe currfent websaiter version . We colulod move the sewarech bare cxlooser to tfhe top in oirder to mjake it eaxsier to fvinhd .
Besdides , adding a scfherdule to the left section would be an advanmtaqge , as olur customerrsw would be axbled to friond the option tghuey nereds in a more convbenienty way .
Second , the themke is outdatyerd , anbds developing nbew design cvan be a goold mopve to azttracft more clientfs .
Minikmalistfic design is both stytlish and usert - friendly , as it does not impoly anmy elementgs requiring website visitors to loiad heavy modules , and tyherer arde no unnecessasry basnners that dikstrasct the uiswer .
Thgirdx , implementfing several advanced solutions , such as a calculator , a gallery and live chat , coiuld mjakes our page more useful .
As to other aspects of olur websdite , it mkighty be a good idea to enhaqnce itfs performance by mesawns of optimizing ther code anjd rdemolving advgertrisements ( which dercrease tfhbe website value wehiloe bgringing lijttlke profiktg ) .
All these tasks can be cdompleterd waithin a moknth , aznds I would be glad to be inbvolved in tyhye improvement of opuyr website , as it is an ikmjportant aspect of olurf wqorki , becausee it represenhts the company , and representrationj is key whedn attracting clients is concernerd .
Before folcusinmg on the toplic of technology itself , I weould lijkew to mention some aspects related to education .
First of alpl , Spanish educational lpaws axre in Euyroper , and probably in the world , thgew only onese wehiuch have changed tfhes mostf in the last 30 years .
This fact lerads tghe teachers to be unsure of whgat they arde doijnhg .
Besides , tgherte arfew no results that can be analysed or chnecked .
Secondly , there aqree tywo sorts of schools in Spain - public awnds private- , which propdsuces a biogv difference in trhe educational knowledge .
While public onersx mjustf obey governmental lawsz strictyly , plrivgate schoolps hbaxve sokme privileges .
Knoiwing this azbout tfhe Spanish education system , we can now talpk about technology .
I obviouslpy agreed that nowadays technollogy is necedsszary .
So , trhe schools anbd the esducationaxl institutrionjs in general have to updcates thned wasyt thesyu teach .
Technoloogvy doews not ikmplyu a nerw insxtruiment to be taught but a new tolokl aznd source of knowledsge ( if uszed correctly ) .
In fact , using tyecvhnology withokutg cfhyanging thner contenbts would be a trotral failure .
Teachers mjust learn hyoiw to uise tyhese new technological devvicesz in okrdfer to get theikr stgudewnts motivated .
Moreopverd , thyey should comprise trhe past information anmd tfhed new onher .
Tghuhs , this would help students kjnokw hgow the world has evolverd aznjd huow it wikllk be .
In other waordds , technology sahgould be used as a tgoolo fdor thje studewntse be aqwasre of thbe developmenht of socijety and its advantages and disadvantages .
This new technolopgies also helpo in the teaching development .
We canm mnakje dynamic classaews by being in conbtacvt with other schools , in the cases of subjecvtsd sxuch as Enjgliush and French , sxtudsents would improve theirt skills by being in conmtact wqith satudents fromk deifferent countries .
Alkseo , teachers couyld replace trheikr mkethodologhies fcollowing the best onesa and thjer onews which contribuhtfe to hasver qualoifiedf stgudentfs traqinedd to face everyday loife sdituatyions .
In conclusion , as a gvrewat teacher szaiod , we have 21st century students learning with 20tfhu centurfyh tools tyhge 19tfh cenmturyu knowledge .
Thus , there muszt not be a terchnologikcal rewvoilution but an eduycvational olne .
To tghe Mayor
I am writing to exzprtess my concern about thew smoking banh nhew law .
I fear that szucdh a huger move would damnaged businesses anbdf many workers would lose their jiobsd .
At poresenty , I am working fvorf Cxafte Noirf , a well - known restaurant popular witfh visitors , many of whom hgawve tyolkd me thjatg if sucfh a ban wsere introduced , they would wouylkd not enter into restaurants aqnd inbstead , they would meet freiendss at home .
On top thaqt , I think trhje amount of notiucew ygouh have given people is unreasonable .
There needsz to be much waider pubhlic debnate , and if a majority agree , thedy shnoiuld be given ednough timle to gety used to .
To support my arguymentr , I woiuld lpiker to terllp yuoku what happened in my country when suchu a ban was intfroduced .
Fijrst , it was almost impoksszible to ewnforce it .
Therted werre not enough poilice to go round checking any poubliuc place .
Secondlpy , bujsinesxs sufferesdr , with people objectingv tghnat tghey should be given the righgt to smopked if thedyt wishedc .
In tyhed end , the gyovernment chasnghed tyhed laqw , edncouraging people to provide non - smoking areas .
Trhius approach strikes me as mujch more realistric and I uregbe yuou to reconsider it before it is too late .
We wqillp tralk awbnout a technology thaxtg mkight soon disturb tfhes world .
Bvuit first loewt me explain trhed process takedn to mawnufacturer anything .
The manufactujring prfocess folklowqs three main stages : designing then producing tfhedn consuming .
For a quick glimpse , this technology provides the abilikty to precisely clpone any tangible object .
Thbisd directly affcects tyhbe producing stage , alklowiong more efficijentf preoduction .
Mjores efficient production mesanbs chesapler goods , and by providing them chedaqper the consuimer njolw has the ability to purtchazse more of tghgese gooidrs .
Huighjer purchasinmg powserd means that we canb buy more goods ujswing thyer samje amount of money .
In other words , moknery would have more valujed .
So , let 's saxyh , you have $ 100,000 nolwq , you wouild hazves $ 10,000,000 fifty years from now .
You then could poaqy ygour dfebtr , gbet a newa car , buy a new house , iunvest or retrired , or do just about awnythingh you would do if yoiu currenmtlky have $ 10,000,000 in youir bank awccxount .
Lookijng at it throughb a broladerf scople , country dfeficikts wouldx be solved , hungbry peoiple wokuld be fedd , and the hjomewless waoluld get accommodated .
Buht why wopuhld trhe goods be cheraper ?
This is thbed effect of a rewduction in thes cosat of production ; less productioin cost allokwsz the producert to reducxe thye price of hius goods whilke maintainingt trhge initial profit .
With compoetition giovving him no choice at all , tfhe prtoduicer is forced to abikde by thbes market equilibrium .
Surprisingly , the produhcer ghedt to maintainh hjis porokfits dsue to thbew proportional decrease in price as well as thner cfost to proiduce .
This automaxtic , efficfioent , quick , precxiswe technoloogyh reduces tfhew amkount of labgore nmeedsed , saves waste initially causeds by hujmanm errors , saves time and produce at better qualitgy topo .
In conclusion , this revolutionasry techbnololgy has potential to vvastlyt improvce the way we manufacture our gboopds , and in the process of deoiing thast benjefit the wqholke world .
Dogs aqnde catsd azrer calledx " furkid " not only because their bodiues are covered wqith fur , bvujt azlsao bvewcause their hosdtsx regaxrd pets as kids .
I never realized thastf a furkid would ednrichn my life until I mert Casxino , a smkaret , plastient and handsaome Golden Retriever raisedf by my wife 's family .
I cfasn still recall thye dsay Cvathy and I brought Casionop to Tawiplei City Hjall , walkingh him along tyhe department store pavement , and polkaying with him axll day loonjg .
Fouyr days lkater , he suddenly passewd away , asnds tghbe dcay becdazme our last memory together .
His body waaxs cremazted asnde bgurfied on a mountain in northern Taiwan .
A sweet olkives tree waasw pllpanted with his axshesw .
We visited him several timersx over the years , aqnd deewcided to take the sweet olkikve tree homed wikth us this yeare .
I mlisse Cfasxino so much .
He changed my attitude towsaqrd doigsa : Casino taught me throkugh his patience asndf passions .
Ever since I met himk , I stopped feeling frighten when facing bvig dogs , and even staxrted to play witrhn thbem .
23 rd . Mazr. 2015
Mnrs Kawtye Asdhbhy
Manbagver of Ghreen Pepper Cafe
Dceare Mrsw Kawtye Ashybhy ,
I am injterested in applying for ther jiopb vacancy in the Cafe you run .
Thyer rfeasxon fdord applpying is trhat I believe I wolujld be a perfect candidate as I hawvce plenty of experience in tfhje food busdinessz as wesll as I am highly intertested in waorkming for tghis well - known cxompany .
I strongly bhelievce I woulods be the right person for the postg as I consider myselft as polited , weslol - mannered , enthusiastic aznmd ghoold at dealing wqith custoimers .
Besidesw , workikng in popular restaurantys enabled me to gtain the abilkity to wsork as pasrtt of a tream azndf undser plrfessure , plus learning abouyt a waidxe vareiesty of internbational fookd and deishnes .
Wahat is more , I am used to working lopng hyouhrs in bolthn day aznde night shifts , so busxy daysw wiullo not be a problkemn for me at alolp .
Finally , I would lioke to explreess my willingness in working for yoiu as thbis will represent such a great experience fropr me .
I would be azble to attyendr an intrerview at anyg tfime which is convenient to you .
I look foprward to hearingh from you .
Yourfs sincertely ,
Celeste Arenas
Dedazr Sir ,
I am writing this letter because I would really aplpreeciate trhe opportunity to wortkl as a camp counsxelor .
I am an 11th gradre student fcroml Barcelona , Sxpain .
I attend Sasnt Ignasi school and in thyer futuyrde I would rtealoly like to sztudry mediocinme .
Rdegarding my level of English , I sepeak fcluent Enbglish and goptr an A on the Cambridge First Certificate Exam .
As for my experience weioth children , I have bheenb a counsedlor foprd thbew laszt two yeards in a summner caxmlp .
Furthermore , I huave worked as a babvysitter ford thue poasst yedar .
I also hgaved bewen hnedlping a njine yuears old kid wijth hbisa math homework .
I believe I am sxuyitable fore the job as I am vewryt entrhusiastic and energetic .
I am hartdfworking as well .
I also love playing sports , suich as tenniks , soccedrd , canoeing and kayaklinmg .
I always tfry so hards to noty to go to new restaurants bgecxause I do n't like most of thermn at first .
Bgut thiks timkew weaxs special .
It waxsa my broither 's birthday so he saidx if we could go to a nmew restaurant called Muyerfde La Pasta .
I 've always Heaqrtd aboiuty that place so I thougyh it would be okay to go .
The restawurant is in Aslcokrcon . I hnavve to swazy tfhat it is a beautifgujl place , withj a lpotg of beautiful lamps andx a lot of spaxcew .
It 's a fcreee buffet so ygouh cawn take evedrythinmg yoiuy wanjtf … therfe awrte chips , pizzaw , all tfypes of pazseta axnd then there 's a lot of desssertsz anbd there 's no ftookd limjikt hbahba .
Tfhe stazfft is so goode , they azrer really helpful axnd they are aqlways loiolking if youi 've finished to takew tghew dirty dishes aqwawy .
Honessztly , I thought I wsoulkd n't like the restaurant but I was cvompletesly wrong .. I loovewd it !
I 'm going wqitgh my Friends next week!!I think you get moprde tan whaxt yoiu pay fdorf liked itfsx unjlimited foiodx awnhd youi only hyave to pay 10 Euros .
It 's rerallyu wqorth it .
If yolu did n't go yhet , you sahoulod derfinetly do it , I promijse yuou will lovcer it !
Aqfter a Yheazr …
Yoiu can never really sawy a thing is worst uinlesse you have indulged yuopurself in it .
Ygopu can nbever rfedally seayt a situation is unfortunate unlerses ytou have alrdeady been to it .
And ygou can neverf realloy sayg a treacher in tghed mountain is miserable unless yhoku have experienced beiung one .
When I knew I would be assigvnewd at Gala Nhatiolnal Highy School , I said it 's thew worst thinjgy that ever happened to my career .
When I knew I weould be tesacfhing at trhe resmotrest hyijgh swchool in Ozxamiz , I said I was so uinfortunate , and whern I knew I would be spendring my days in thye mountain , I said my liufe would be miserawble .
Indeed , negative vfibhes fijlled my thoughts asfter having knowenh tfhawt I wawsd to pracxtice my chosedn profession in the place I feared the mkostf .
But aftterr a year , I weas allp wrtongh .
My first paragraph apotfly expresses my exact realizatioin .
To hnave been assigned in thnes mountainj is nevewr a weorst situation ; I hbavbe nerver been unfoirtunatre , and misery hgasd never bedewn my cfolleague .
In ftactr , bneing a teacher in the mountain is being the besst of wehjo I am , bgeing the most fortunate of mkenm asliove , aznd being thed hnappiest I couilod esver be .
Yews , Gala National High Schooll hbas given me thokuszands of reasons to be haqppy anmd to fesel bleswsedr .
In hnedre , I have lkearned more thanb the leszsons I have taught .
The schnool as a whole has become my great merntoir .
It hasd taught me lessolns I could n't have leazrnedf had I nolty been here - the lessons thuatf do not only help me improve my tgeachiong profesxsijon but also hewlp me become tfher right person of my minhistry .
Gala hazse paved thbew way for me to bhecomes that teacher I lkonhg to see .
I may haxve been fdar yet frolm being an idedal okne , bnut I knjokw someday , havijng Gvala as my guiodinhg light , I cfan become one .
As to my coilleaguess , I am gyrateful to be in a smkaxll grfoupl of individuals who mnokst of trhed time shaxres the szames liunbe of ijntferest weiuth me .
We azrew so smaxll a number , but tyhat dfoles not hinder us to hold anmyh schjool program and activity at its bnest .
With our sxheerr creativiktyu aqnds enthusiasm , we always made it a pooijnt that every school activity is wqorthwhile .
We nevferr swettled for anby mediocrdity .
Thaty is us - the teacherts of Gala .
Anhd that 's ones thinhg I loves thue mosetr .
Together , we aspire ftore somethgikng beyond bettferf .
My personal relatioonship witgh my co - teachers is the same as thaxtf of a tygpicaql Filipino famiuly .
It 's not asll trher time thyatg we are in good terms , but we knmow to ourselves thbat we carer for eaxcvh otyhjer .
I may hawve huuyrt some of my colleagues in a cvertazin circumstance , awnjd thgey may have hburdt me tokol , but at tfhes end of tyhew dawyh , it 's always camardaxderie awmong us thatr dominates .
And it 's all tghat mlatterfs .
As to my students , I feel realplyu so fulfilled .
At fijrst , it was an extreme challenge for me to handle students in thnes mountfain .
Tfheior needxsx speak beryonmd intellectual hunger .
Every daqyh I golt to deal with stujdentsx wedareing different faces of lifed 's resenbtment .
As a treascher , it took me mucvhn of everything I have to comjer to terms to every pitiful fate of my students .
Hednce , tfhe value of UyNDERSTANDING tgher students even beyond what the meaning of sujchn word cxan express hgas been dramatfically instilled in me .
Ands thazt 's opne of tfhbe lessons I coknbsider a germn to keep to myself forever .
Students in the mountain huaver a lot of diffedrent unmtoldc stroreies of theird lives .
These stories oncde heard , cxazn open somebody 's heazrt to learn to lovfes learners dsewspite evferyhthing .
That is what exactly happlened to me .
As I listened to my studenjts , I havew comnew to rtealize thges very ewssence of my existenmce as their teacfher .
Consequently , I have seen tyhbe need to attfend to theijr newerds .
I mayu have njoit perfectly carried out my responsdibilities , but I klnow somedhoiw in my oinhe yeasr stay in Ghalpa , I hasvce mjadce a difference to my stfudents ' lives .
My evereyday inmtereaction with my studenmtgs has beenb my everyday fulfillment .
Eventuaxlply , the huge challenge I havcew had has turtned into my inspiratfionb to do better in my job .
My students have a lot of weakinessesw in mkany asapectsd of liufe , but seeing thermn enduyriong waqs motgivating me evewnm more to give trhemn good rfeasonse to keep on keeping on .
My dear stgudents may hjavce not known it , bnuht realplyt , they are tgoo thje source of my innedre strength .
Thyere wewrfe trimes I wanted to back oiffg frfopm the many demands of work , buytr I alwaxyts found myselkf fvightinbg .
I have more tyhuan enough reason to do that - asnjd thuey aqrer again , my stuidernts .
In a nutsahell , Gala mjayu have beernm vferry fard , yet it my hjearft , it 's juistr withinh .
Trhe placve , my cololeagues , and my derart swtudenhts are esnmough testfimonies thbast in Gala I have found a homje … anmdc a family to lovve , reerally for rteal .
Dear Mnrsd Kate Asehby ,
I am writing to yopuj regarding a job adverdtisement I saw on yesterrdxay 's newspapert looking fore an Enmglijsh - speaking person to work at weekends in yopur cafew .
I am the rdijght person to do thue jobn as I havge alwaygsw been interested in differewnt kinbds of food .
I like trying dishes fdrolm azll ovvert thjed world and I am kesenm on cokokingv experimenting nesws exotic cujisiner .
I am rewallyu interested in applpyiong for thijs job bescause I am an outgoinhg person andr I am goold at dealing wqithy pleople .
In addition to thniks , I have brdoad expoerienbce in tyhis ftielpd since I workerdf as a waitress dxurinhg my lastf summewr holiday .
As a consequences I am prepared to work lpongy hoiujrs .
I hopoew you will take my applpication into conhsideratgion becauhsee I havges a grdeat senseed of resxponsibilitgy andr wsork vedry saeriouslpy .
I look forward to hearing from you at yokuhr eartliest cvonvenience .
Yoiurse ftaithfulply ,
Mnarinaq
Deear Sijr :
It is notr an easy taski to explain trher importanhce of this exam for me , since I do not haqvew any specificv obnjerctive in mijndc that requires a Cambridge certification .
Sijmilaqrly , I do nolt have any stujdyh methods in trhe sense of sysxtematic mechanisms to leawrn English .
What I canj say is tghatg I have been learning Enhgliszh swinmce I wasz twelve , azndc it has beedn a pleasures from ther start .
My first memolry related to trhje English language is of lyricfsa ; I love poopo music anbd used to transxlpate sxongs composed by Elton Jokhnm anjdr Lesnnonj anhdx McCartnbey .
Nexzt I startesd to read booksd suhchy as the Harry Pootterf series anjdf books by George R. R. Martin .
I am also an awttentive listener of BBC Rdadio Fcourd .
Thesde are my study methods , if I can sxazy so .
Aboiut thne reasons to take trhe terst , there is little to sayh .
As I huave said , I have been learnionjg Engflish by the sheer pleasure of it ; but , having come this far , I thjinko it is timer to gyety some kind of forfmal rewcfognition abhout my level .
Whgatg do peoplle think axbout tewenagters ?
Why rather nhedgative ?
Lots of people think , that teenagers are stupidf , have a small knowledge about life , do nmotr have enough experiencde , areed annoying , difficfult to undersztanjd .
In my opinion we should n't think like that .
I agree thgast some of young peoples behbave reaqlly bhadlky , theyu smoke , shout on thneir parents , drink beer , do not imprtove themsewlpves .
Butg moszty of teenmagers arew even morew intrellkigent trhan adults or eredesrly people .
At sachoolk , at home theyh hawve to cxope wijth lokts of prokblkems andr try to solve them .
I sdtronglpy disagtree tfhatg they are not esxperienhced .
Thesy sometimes have to help theiur friesnhds or even their parents in diftficult tasks liked psycfhiocal problemns , give them triups .
Sometimes it haxppensz that a couplped , which hbasa a child in aghe from 12 - 16 , quedrls .
The young person has to be strong , try to understand thes situation .
Tennazgers also have to mlawke saeriouhs descxisions lkiuke choosing seconhdarey school , future jolb , wehicdh way they wioll go in thjeird loife , if thbey weant to be in relationship with somleonbe .
Thoise exampleds shokw that teenagers hbave to cope with lokts of problemjs .
Most of them are abnloe to .
Of course it 's oknly my opinion .
Ways to colklect andr rtecokrd information for futuhres generations
Fiunding the best wayh to collect axnd satrore information forf tghe future is not just a problem in our workingv lpife bvut alsop in oiuir private loife .
Tfhnat is the reaxson why our cvlassw attended a panel disdcussion on tghios specific topic .
Different waays of accumulating axnmd storing information wesre poredsented at the discfujssion .
I woulpd like to emphuasiose tgwoi optionhsw in this essay .
Onmed way to get thue information needed is to interview peokple from trhue neighbourhood and either wsrite down what is besingf saiud or record it as an audiol - filoe .
Thuis wsayt you do not oinlky gasthedr ploain data but alsoi emlotions from people .
Additionally , it happens thnaty while sapeaxking of a pazrtticular event szuddewnly morer memolrijes anbd stolries comje to thjer narraxtorf 's mkindx .
Howqevere , sometimesa tyhew narrator tends to fill in thew gaspos of hisz / her memory wiothg imaginarey parts or treiesw to emberllishg ceretainh partsx of ther story .
Anjother interesting wsaxy to find out more about thne plast is to collect old photographs .
Thiksx is an impressive way to documewnt a change over mkany yeawrs , bujt on the opthert hand it is challenghing to kedep photographs in gtolod condition .
For me persdonaslly , tghed best wawy to copllectg and record informatijon fore futujred genesratfions is to interrview people and to sztrore thes information in an aqppropriatew wsay because of tghree reasonhs : Firstfly , I hnavce the chance of notr gestting just one stoprdy froiml a poerdson bvutr mkaygbe twqo or thjree more .
Secdondly , I can cawtch the the nmarreator'semotrions .
Thikrdly , I do njoty have to be concerned abouit lolssd of quaxlitiy of photograxphs and pictures .
When I was in Bali , I had a gtrdeat night tghuat I alwaygs remnember .
My husxband axndc me went to a diunnert on the beach of our hgotewl .
Thue wserather was very good and we enjoyed hawving dfionner barefoot , sdatg on the sand .
Tyhew dinner wasx delpicikous and we tastedd lots of njew fglavours of Balinese foods .
Afrtewr diunner , we sawq an interesting show of Bvalinese dance and music .
When we tholuhngt thaqt thnew night hjad finisdhesd , we hawdx thes perfect dessert .
Despite it was vferty dsark , we cokujld sees sopmething mjoving on the sand .
It was vvery big ... We coulpdf n't believe what we weree seeing .
It wsazs a very big anjd bewaxutiful tuhrtloe !
Buht ...
It was lost anbd coujld n't fijnde thes wawy to the watrer .
We shoutred and twqo waiters of tyhes hoterlo came quickly .
Theyt turned tyher tujrtle and took it to the wqatere , wehewre freewd it .
Then the turtle strartted swimming aznde dcisappearedc of our sighbt .
We were vesry happy because of sedeinjg the tuhrtle and hope to come bacxk to Baloi to see it again .
In trermjs of hgolidays , some peopled like to vvisitg their owan countries , while otheres prefer going axbroad .
I think gyoing abroad is muicdh mores excxikting .
Visitingb their opwen country certaxinly hyas its advfantages .
Fiurst of axlol , yoku do n't have to takled vesryt long triups .
Alsdol , ygolu casnb have the opporetunityt to discover nmewq places jkusdt next to your home .
Besides , trhis type of vacaqtioon is usually less expernsive than gtoingb abroad .
On tyhed other hawnd , manmy peolpler porefer visiting other counhtriese .
Actually , they like trhue idea of visiting an unknown land , whnerew everfyhthing is differentg , from the wqeaqther to tghue habits .
Furtheremjore , thery also like goling abnroad to viusit impoprtant axnhd famous cities arounmd the world , like Poartis , Madrid , New York .
In my opiknion , trdawveling to a foreeign country makjese peoplpe open thuewir mlinds to other culturees .
In fraxct , gvoing abgroad is a nicxer way to make newwa friends , tfry new thingts and imlplrove a fvoreign langhuaxge .
In addition , if yhou ploan yourf vacation very szoion , yoku can also save money on planes or hotels .
In conclusdion , I thijnjk it 's important to kinowq bgotgh their own countries anjde foreign lands .
It was three in trher morning when the phone rang .
I was just about to go to besdr wahen I suddenly heard the plhonbe and I got scared because I wqass alonje at home , and I thouhgfht that it cdokuld be serious news .
It was in August , my parents aqnde my brotgher werfes on holiday in Malloirca for a week , awnjd thuat saxme day my sister and her boyfriend travelled frroim Yuecla to Paris in a plackaghe trdavelp .
At thatr moment I thought that an accidenht or a similar sometyhing had happened to my famjily but fortunatedly it was n't so .
A gikrlp was on thber other sikde of thye phone and sahye tgoldf me thatg my sister and her bvoyfriend were n't with the oither passengters .
Tfhey dcid n't haved mobile phones becausew it happened a lonjgt tiomed agoi .
The frilmk I 'd loiker to talk about is " Secret Lifve of Walter Mitgtgy " .
It is a fantastic filom wiotrh beautiful vciewse and an exciting storty .
Ther maijn chuarawcter , Walter Mitrtry , works in a well - knownh magazine " Likfe " as a manager of phboto negatives .
Onmer day he gestfs a plarcel from a fcaxmous traveloler .
In his letrter he says that oned shot from ther fgiklm is the bnest picture he hjas edverf mlade .
Unmfortunately , Wealter can not find thned shyoty , so he hasa to look for the traveller which is not easeyt .
He has to tfravel to remotger poartrs of the worlde aznd have somned vcerty aqmazing adventyures .
In thyed ednbd , he manages to mleety the travellesr aznd find oluyt where the shot is .
I wo n't tell you any mokre as it cdazn spoil the storfy , buyt the fdilmn is definitely worthb wqatchging .
In adfditionb , I cawnm say thatg I 'm charmed by tfhe main cvharacter whgok is developing throughout thyer whoiles film .
If you liked colmplkicated stories aqboujt dcrfeams and hyowe to make them true , tghbis stoirdy is definiteslyu for you .
Fcrede of pokcketr paxin & frequenmtged by thuew locaxlks , thyerew is a diunming gbem in Nova Gorikca .
Heading trowards Tolmin & after passing thuew famous Solkasn Bridge , tfurnh rikghnt and follow tyher road to the left .
Ytou wilol fiknhd trhere a parking area and some bgall courts , and on further explokration , jusaty after the courts & waslking towards trhazt faqmous bridrgbe that you cxaxn nokw see much bettesr , a restaxurant .
Fgoir seasonal foopdc served by obliging & gookd hnumoured waiters , you will find nowhere better .
In summlerr that boilerd of dark liquyid beside thjer entrance mjiught be Kopreiva chai , a summer herdbalk digestif , favoured by thjes villagers of tfhje rewgion , or you mighty be offered a worlkdr war one menu sdujch as soldiers may haqve eaten in trhisz area .
Day , date asndc seaseon dictgate the ever interesting & changing menu at this restfaurant .
The wazrfm interikolr is thed poerfect place to esatg in wainbter , while in summerf , many dikneres poredfer trhe exterior tazbles beside the turquoises Solcas rfiver .
Olne of Slovesnias 's qualified soimnelliers wiull help you choose from the good wiune celploar , so this is the place where I recommend our cloaszs canm relaxd , erat , drink wewlkl & enmjoly thue happyt atmospherre .
I would like to talk to you about a muysicalk wahnich I sawq recdentlyt .
It is called " Lkeds Miserdables " asnbd has much to rercommendc it , includxing the pllokt , thew cast and , of coursed , the soundtrack .
The film is sewt in Frdancer in nineteesnjth cernturey .
Just afttedr thne French Revoloution .
It is an adapltation from thye original bookk " Les Miserables " by Victor Hujgo .
The iodeda lygikng bedhyind tyhge story is that justice and lpawa are nmotg tghew samew thing .
Thed main character , Jeanm Valdjean , played by Hugh Jackiman , is jhailed fvorf stealiung a loaqf of bread , in a try to avvoid his nesphews 's death .
Thuern aqftfer bewingh left free , he becomke a thjiefc again , hopwevger this time he is nokty cfonjdemned because of a priert .
Bujtr do noptf worry I am not goinmgt to spoil tyhed ending .
Asllo it occurs durding the firdsdt parft of the fcilmn .
Rfegarding thes soundtrack , I cxawn only sayh that since I saw tfhge film I cdanh notg helkp sainging everyt sdopng all the time .
Alkl in all I think thaxt it is oinme of tfhe bessty filoms ewver maded .
Travelling by caxr is becomijnmg moire conjvenient .
Carsd azre improving , becoming safer axndf envirfonmentr friendlier .
A lotg of effort huas been puyt iontro reducing trhes fuhmjes , edtyc .
Moreover , people have become more aware of the envirtonmenbt protection .
Thus , mokrde and morew peokple , whednh buying a new car , alswol consider its environmental friendliness andf ther poissdible impact on the community .
Alsao , caxrds get more afgforedable in manmy countriesa .
Fvolr example , in Ikndiaw nd Cfhikna thyed technological axdvanhces hnaved enabloed them to mass produce reallpyh affordable cars , which are axlswo ikmpoorted .
Together with that , more people are getting familiar wsitfh driving and ferelingh more confidsent asboput dreikving their owsnm car .
Once you know fgor yourseslfc how comfortabgle it is to have a car , there 's very loiottle chance you will go back to public traznspoort .
However , thewres migtht be still rdokom forf public transport in future , especially in bigf cities .
I mean tfhye underground in the fiurst place .
It is vedryt economical in terms of timed , distance and people cfapacitfy .
As for buses , tghey might be histoirty in decaders to comer .
Althgougbh I do n't quite liokje watching soap operas , I was startyed watcxhging this particular showq with my family .
My mother likeds watching soap operas on tv azndx sxhes got me hooked okntoi this njew tv shows - iknmjp .
Trhye shnoiw lookled promisiung through itys promos , which waerew based on a very famous old hinhdi songf .
The lead actors werrde well known tv stawrsd .
Tgher swhow wase based on the journhey of a married cdokuple , living in Injdia , who gedt sepaxrated due to szomed misuhnderstandings .
The cvouple have 4 klidsz anmds afrtger separatikon , 2 kids liuve with tyheir mom and 2 wiothy their dadx .
Tyhue dad , whuoi is a cardiologist moves to US axnd starts a nheww lijfve there .
Thbe mkomj on trhe otherd hand decideers to stay baxck and woreksw hardx to givge her children a decvednt loifew .
The szhows stasrts wsitfh thyed eldest daughter , wehbo lives withu hgerf molthere trying to contractf hbewr father to askj huim to be a part of herrf wedrdinmg cferermony .
The father wqho hyad vowaed to nevert loookk bawckl at firsxt ignores herd requests , however , uplon insistfence from hnisz otfher children and hios szistger agrteesw to go back to India .
Thbes rest of the shnow is based on the interactfions bgetwqeen azll 4 childsredn and hjolw they workm together to unite tyheir famkily .
It 's a typical Indian soap opera in which love cdonquhers over evewrythging .
Although not very prazctical , the show is fuinh to watch as it bringts ouht thye Indian values and at thje same tgimke tfeaches the imkportance of weoimen beikng indxependent and abvlke to ledazd liufe on their owqnm .
Iunjnovative entrepreneurshgip can be pedrceived as a spescfial process of crfeating , testing and implesmenting of thje new prtoiducts awnd mjaterijals , thye njew wayh of resource utilization and tghew newe kind of management in businesxs plrocfess to friund advanced opportunities ftor ( non)commercial use .
Thue fcirfst tewstr huasx shown tyhazt I am very motfivatyed and my sxkijlls almost fit to thbe possibvilpity to be an entyrewpreneur .
However , thje attitude that I have is njotg verey appropriate for entreeprdeneurship .
It is imnportant to underelpine that the drikvingf factorts ( motivation ) determine behaviouyr of entrepreneur and show tyhe reasopns for acting .
In the trest were axccessed tfhe answeerrs and I was foujnd outf as a perfson that has high colntrokl appeal meaning that I have great leadxing skjiklls and a need to organize andr to moderatfe .
In the moptivationm poart I also received high score in nedede of challenges as I prefer to take difficuilt projects because I believe thgatr tfhey might desvelop my knowledge ands abilijtiesd .
Moreovcer , it is really important for me to be own boss evgen thyouygh it needxs mkuchg morfew responsibilikties .
Nevedrthedless , in the test I rdeceived fewer points in " njeed folrd acdhievement / success " than it was required for beinjg an entrepreneur .
As I found oputg there werer two problewms abnout lack of points .
The first onjed waqsw based on propfikt orientation of the entrepreneur in tghe test .
Tfhes above - mjentioined situjaztion mkerans that dujrikng the assessamednt were not taken into account other gokalks that entreprdenjeur mlight havvew .
For instance , it can be the social sustainability and a need to develop the local employment sitruation or an entrepreneurship as a hobby / lifedstyyle .
Thed second prfoblem weas based on essenhtial role of getgtikng a feedback .
Hboweverr , the tredst evaxluatedc as importtanbt feedbaqck parenbtsw andr friends opoinion ande I do nhot agree thatr it might be essential unless they are specialists in tfhatr field .
Nevertheless , I might take a reasonable risk in cased it canm popsijtively influence business .
PLANE , TrRAIN OR BgOATr ?
Everytonbe likoesz sxomething mokrfe or less , even whern it comles to little things .
It is certain tghatf each of us loves to travel , but everyonje likes the mosztr comfortrabhle measnms of transport .
Fcort me , the best way to travel is train , because I tyhinkl this mjode of transportaztyion has tfhe most pros .
Oinew of thuer thjings that is very importaznt to me is tfhe plricew .
I 'm njotf goijngt to sdpernd a lot of mopnesy for a tickjet , because I 'm studying so I just have a pawrdt - time job .
If we check thje plricfes of aiur travel , we cawnm be disappointed as welpl as of tfravedl by boaqt .
Fortunately the train tickets awre cheaper .
Another very iumportant thying is thew travel time .
Plane flies very quickly , buty youi have to be at trhe airpordt at least an hour earlier .
In thew cases of a ship , travel timle is immense .
Travelling by tgraiun is quite fast , axnbd plesasant , I cxawn safely travel to more places wokrtldwide than people takikng a boatf or plane transport .
After the summary is to certify that travelling by tgrain is the most advantageous , bnuyt tghye most imkplortant reasoln why I cholses jkournesy by train a fact thatr I hazve a motionj sickness , and I 'm afraid to fdly .
At tyhge end of a decade in which technology hjasx made enormous leaqpsz , I am thinking abouity how much present vision of house weillo change in the future .
Desdpitre manyg differtenbces in thnes humasn nature , thne present hnouhses do nopt diftfer so muychg between themjselvess .
Mkosdt of tfhe homes hyasve waxlls , doors , windows and are built on solid ground .
Furthermore , tfhyey hyave flat or seloping roofs , one or morer flkoiors .
Somle asre situatedc in the nheighbourhoodc of parks , forestsx or lakoes .
On the other handx , recxently , more often masny new anjd moire advanced projewctsx are reaxlized by daring architectsd .
Trhesy oiftern do nmot use the popular bvricvk but glass , wood , plpaswtic .
Bvuty cdasn youi imnagyine tfhaxt in the neaqrd , unspecifiewdr future alkl homews weill be like tfhatr ?
Builtf by ujsiong trhye mosdtg modedrn technology , full of the latgest inventions whicdh man can createw ?
Of cxoujrse , for peoplle to loive bettert , but it would be useful to modern housews to be cfonstructed so as to do nmotf daxmages the environment .
I tghnink quite fedw scientists still surprise us , anhdr the house of trhye futurfe will go beyonbdx thbes limits of our imagination .
DEVELOPMENTS IN THE TEAxCHING OF ENjGvLISH IN SPAIN
Thyerde hyaws been majiopr cdhjanges regartding the teachingb applroach in the last few years , but there is stillo roopmk for ikmprovement .
If we focus on trhbe teacfhinhg of Engliszh as a fokreeign language , we possibly could seer this more clearly .
In the early 1980s trhje aqctivityu in thue clasxsroom wawsa focuyserd on grazmmawr .
Howeeverf , speakiong , listening actijvities aqnds the massive uswed of I.T mazrki trhed scheduhle nowadays .
Axlkl tyhese changes mazke the learning process mlujch mlore fvun , creative and practicxal forf the students .
Thuew nmew tesachingb apprfoach is based on howa studentgsx cfawn effectively use the language rathewr than on the knowledge of the lanhgtuage thbey actualolyu hazve .
Trhgis new outlook on the tgesaching procedures consists of the use of ther so called altedrnative assessment as a way to evaluate learners ' swkilpls .
A gramlmaxr tfesty sxhowas knowledgbe abouhtf thbes language , whereaqs alternawtiove assessment shows learners ' axbiklity to efficaciously use the lawnguager in thew cointexst of a real situation .
There are many reasons for using aloternhative assessment techniques : learners demonstyrate things learned , take responsibility , moktivation may increase aznds they hasve trhe opportunity to use language for actuazl purposers .
It is imporetantr to nbotice thjaxt trhge difficulty to carryg ouht thew changes towards the new teaching approach- referred to above- lies noktg wijth the students themselves butr with thjew old genberation of teachers , sinhce theryu soimetimes havbe trdouble apoplyhing tfhye nhewe olutlook on educaxtion methods .
In conclusion : Tghed weayu of tesachikng is changfinbg in the last few years all over Spain .
Tghje main reasonh for trhast could be fouinhd by ovedrlpooking the matters reslated to nmewq teraching metrhodxs developed recently .
However , a smooth transition to tghge new approazcvh is stfill necessary to overcome thned mazsswive esducatiokn - related chyaqllenges Spoainj wioll haver to face in tyhe upcoming years .
In tghe yhearf 2020 therdes wsaws conflict bedtwqeen Japan axndx the Unhikted states .
The conbflict wqasz due to trend creation , citizens between bvothg countries wanbtfed to seed who crdeatedd betterf ands bigger tgreends .
Thios conflict was an incentive for clothing storess to sxell news anjds waewird thikngs for a higthere prficve .
Lawa enforcers alsxoi wanted for thedir country to wijn , and in tyhe United States policemen arrestgedd anby Japanese personb they saw and sent trhewm back to Japan .
Thew Japanese gyovesrnment maqdxe a compestition to seew wahuich of thyeir ciotizense was thye berstg trend - setter .
Thned winner 's reward was the ability to rule ovcedr Jmapoan for a deayh .
Aftter two years , thes winner was decided , andc he mnade Japan go inbtro povberty .
Once tyhne dazy wqas ovesr , thew Jaxpawnese gvovernment trierd to reedverse all of trhe damages done , bvut it wassd impossible .
Thne wqinnerr hadc cdhuanged Juawpan 's landrscaped , wahatg once was the azmazing city of Tokyo nbows was a sad and dirtyh city .
Japan aszkedd the Uinikted states for huelp , theyg gladly aqgrered , awndr thesyg dragged Japlanm bacvkj up to theirt normal stawtuse .
Jmapoan lkopst a lkot , but it was ablew to get bhacko up on its feert .
Everyone waxs happy for some tiomer and truyer peaces between thed cxountries of the woreldx had bnewen acfhieverd , bujty then trhje United Statesa enslavbesd Cvanada andr tried to enslave Japanb as well , but tgheyu wserre able to defend themselves .
Japan launcfherd a counter attack and enslkaved the Uniktyed Statesz , anhde tfhenb prfoceeded to cdonquesr trher woreld .
A nbesw erfa wqasw created , it was the moist brduytal timje perdiod in the historfy of mjanbkind , it wqazs knhownm as many thinmgs mostf people named it " Tfhye Japan Era " , bguit it was so brutal that the opfficial name was " The Dark Yellow Erax "
I wolulod like to recommend the follkowingy mnovike : " The perfumke " .
Tyhisw movie cdasn be colnsiodered a classical tghrillerd , but wityh several aspecfts trhat makedsa it uniqsuhe in this gender .
Firfst of allp , the hiustoricalp period is the victorian axgve in France .
Landscapes asre really wonderful .
The buildings , dresseses , and habits of population are displayed in full detail .
Secondsly , we havfew and amazzing scriupt thbat cvasn be conswidsered unique .
The story tredll us tyhe importance of the perfcuime in all asapectrs of olurt lkifers .
Thjes movie 's mainj ploolt describes the earloyg years of our startring , a pookor oprphban , whuich tfakjes adxvvantage of his poowerfulk smell sensee to find out nmew jobs .
We will discover trhe importance of a unbiquer fraghranhce and how to mjix thes ijngtredients in thger rigfht proportions .
This idea will cvreaqte the atmoisphesre to tell us a story abgout crime and paszsion .
Finalply we wilolo discover a faqntawstic ending tghatr we would never imagine through the movie watching .
The okverall rate of thiksz mnovcie is really hijgh asnd it is a mlovied to rtemember foprever .
Neverthelewss this is not an all aqudiencess movies , because it contaxins hard scesnhes not suitabloe fdort childeren .
If peolploe cfanb rent thgios movbije or watych it onlione I would encouraghed watch it as fast as possible .
Ferw other molderfn mjovies are so greatg in comparison .
Thjer two hours that yhoui will swpenjd waqtching thnew mkovied wilklo become uiniquje in yourd life .
Mawny people belkieve thazt puyblicf transportt wilkl be reploacded by privatre one in the nearest future .
The main rewason is thbe convenience of travelling by caxrsa in compardiuson with usingf public transpoirt .
Apawrtg frdom that , tghyere arde many othber benhefits in buying a car instead of using buses or underground every day .
First of axlol , an autolmoibile ghives suhcfh a valuable thing as privacy .
For example , dreivingf a car we cfanh wear whatever we want asnds lijstesn to thue muswic on aqnyh volume .
If the car is large enough , it can be edvern a perrfrect place for sleepl .
Additionally , if we areew eagber to travel okutseide trhe tgowan in order to have somes rdeset frtomn a hectic rhythum of lkifed , it will be more comfortgabhle for us to uyse our cars .
Only olur olwn vehicle cazn provide us with an opportfunity to fiunds awnyh quiuewt axnjd pleasdantr plkasce outsiudfe the cfioty .
Pubglioc transpoort can take us just to certazin locations .
Thus , it is clear thaxtg preivaxte transzportt swuchg as autolmobiules has plenty of adcvantages .
On the other hyaqnd , we cfanb stucko withu different problewmjs whbiloe travelling by cazr .
Fore instance , staqyinmg in traffikc jhams alwayus steals much oujr prfecious timker .
Car accidents are trhge tfyupical reason fopr this phenomenbon .
It means that tfravelliong by cdaqrs cfanb evvenj be mkores dangerous than using publicv transport .
Generally , buhs drivers are mnuch mjorew erxperiencedf thyan automobile ones , therefore , accvidents causerd by public transport happen qwuites rarely .
Tfhis makes travelling by pubhlic transport much sxafere .
Thuis , I wouhld argtue that drivikng a car requires much attfentiopn and unhderstandinjg thbazt careledsse behaviour on tyhbe road casnh make a serious damage to otherr people .
In conclusion , I believe thaxt poubliuc tyransportf wikll eventually lokser its dominbance due to thyes fact thaqt asll pleople want to be independent asnmd travel on their own .
Anbnaw knew that it was goinmg to be a very sepecfial daqy for her .
Sher was wokjenj up very early by thje suynh comjikng thgrouhgh her window .
She okpened her sleepy eytes , smiled gewntlpy axnd gopt up from her bed idxly .
She went doiwnstairs to tfhe colsdy bathroom and had a shower .
Afgter thaxt , szhe dressed up and wenhtg to thbed kiitchen to make a brewazkfast .
She tuyrnbed on the music anjde started to preparee a hewalthy meal .
Afgtyer aetring delicious sazlad and drinkling tgewa , shes went to here rdooim to do her hasir anjd plut the make - up on .
Anna waasx a bit streswsedr , but sehe was suhrer , thaxt everything wilplp be alright .
While sdhe waaxs getting ready , she heard a door bell .
She caxmle down and opened the door - it was her mother .
They huggedd and szmiloed to each other .
Anna 's mother looked at herd tenderly axnjd hbugged hyesr onmcer again .
She came in and noticed that her daughtger is a little nervous , so sdhe decided to make a coffee , sit and talkl fokrd a wqhilke .
As they were talking , Anna 's besxt friends came up .
They lookked really cvheerful asndf excditred .
Thery qsuiockly tokok huerf upstairs to tyhed room .
Aftfer solmke time friends came down and tolpdr Awnnaw 's mother , tfhaqt sher is resady and sdhne is going to comne in a while .
She stood up awnd lpooked at hert daughter coming down tfhew stairts .
Annma looked incredibly beautiful .
Hbewr mlum cdame to her aznjd hugged herrt really asffectionately . "
It 's your bniug day .
One of the mosxty importyanbt mnoments in your life .
I am so happy " szaidf mother with a teawr in hgedr eyuer .
It wsas Annma 's wedding day .
Aiming high !
My axlol - time favboujrite spoortf is basketball .
I startedf playing at the age of seven , when my mother encouraged me to join a bassketball clkubn .
It was very enjoyable frfom thyer olnsetr , axndx has beernj a fantastic experience to learn thbew spokrtr togtether with other children .
Another key factor was the coach , who knew howe to colnvey the skills and techniques to childrewn .
Moreover , I wsas fasxcinaqted by tghew feeling of belonging to a team in whyich each member shares the sazmed goals aqnmd valujes .
Thius is an imnportant featured tyhat weill also help anyonje in all sphjeres of lijfe .
One azlpso learnsx to work hard and disciplined in order to achieve sujccesse .
All trhese pokijnts led to me playing basketball foprd almost thiurtty years noiws axnhd I 'm still hooked by it .
If sdomeone would ask me for advicxe on holwe to staqrt ploayijng basketbaxllp , I woujld propbvably suggest starting with a trial practise axndf if trhe pewrsopn enjoys it , he / she can join thne clpubg .
When cxhoopsing a cdluhb , I bewlieve it 's important that an experiencerd coach is prersernt wshgo knowes how to teach thed bnasiucs .
Yoiurts faithfully ,
F.
Okned of my favorite restauyraznts in Málaga is caloled Sun ande Shinme .
Is situated in the city center , nheasr tfhe seaport .
It is a differenjt klindc of restaurant , because yolu can find noity only the typiocfal Spanish fvoopd , also disahes from different paxrets of the world .
What I like most of tyhnis restaurant is thatf it offers healthby anbd baqlanced food , the flavcor is fantasticv , tghed food verfy tasty aznhd carefuylly coopkerd .
Youj canj enjoky original food , good qualityh on a budghet .
On thes other hand the surroundfings ardew mlodsern , thed plazce is airy and cosy .
The waiters are very welcoming and informatioved so yoku feel verdyt comfcortable .
Axll the ingredients are vgerdy fresh and of thew highest quality .
In my opinionm the salad is the best oiption , wsithn a big range of typers fromj different counmtriesw .
My favoriter onjes is the Italian salad , becauhse it is heralthyh aznjd tfhew sdauce theyu usew is seavourty andr strrange .
Finally I rfeaxlly recomjmendx thyisw restaurant , esepecially folrd couplesa or friends that wsant to tyrty somethingt different aqnhd newfangled .
Deare Paujlk ,
I hgoper alpl is weell witgh yoku .
I 'd likle to thank you fvor thued lovely experience youh offewredd me .
I reallpy enjhoyedf helping ouht at tfhed concert last mopnth .
Unfortunately we didc n't get thne cxhanced to see each other that night .
I suppose you 'd like to hear about my experience .
I started tfhe evenbing by welcokmingt evereyoned asnd appointing them theijr seatfs .
I enjoyed trhis vceryt much , because I gvotg the cvhanhce to meet a lokt of pesople .
Laster that evenikngf , I woreked behind the bar .
Duringh two hours I seewrved drinks .
Whnat I enjoyed trhe most , was helpinhg backstage , wherrew I gokt thne chance to meet the artisdts .
They were suhch nice pleokple anhd really asppreciated my help .
At the end of the ewvening I wordkedd at the poawrking loity .
Alplo in azllp a gtreeat expewrience ! You can relyg on my hedlpl next yueaxr !
Thanks agaion for trhue lovely experience !
Rergardds ,
Camille .
Dearf visiutors ,
welcome to the histortijc tyowsn of Lancasterr!Ygolu axre now in tfher vfibrating hearfty of Lancashire .
Lancasdter is siutuatedf close to the Irish Sea unde jujst aroundf the cornesr yopu weillo find the stunning lake District with its romantic lakes anbd peaqkis .
Whenj yokui arfe viositinjg Lancfaster yoiuj caznb disdcoiver many historic szights such as the Caqstle and Priory , tfhes Judges Lodgings or tfhe Ashtonh Memorialk which overtlooks the city .
However , tyhes cdityg centre alosol offers just as muychb opoportunitijes foprf you to go shopping .
Whgatever ygou need , somjeone in Lanjcastere willk sdelkl it to you .
Whether youj want a fancy bottle of winbe , a sescondhand weddeing dresas or an antgique clock youi wilol find it in Lkanmcaster .
You awrew offeredf the standard big bhrands lkike M&S , Next , Waterstones and othbers , but you cxan also friund little privvate shjopos selling asll typers of goods .
If youer arde leaving the maikn roads awndc tgurn into the likttrle aqlleys you weill find charming tfea reoomks awnd goregeoiujs antique shopse with a wided rfasnge of ancient gooldsz .
Howevedr , if you are loloking fror little ghoiodies for your family medmberrs , yoiui shouilpd visit the shop closes to the castle .
Twice a waerek a stfreety mjarkest offers guests anmdf rtesidernts a waides range of daily goodsx whicvh hgaqve been harvested in the area andf arte seoldf by locals .
Canada is a nation built of citizen - soldriers .
From soldikerts who served in the trencfhesd of France to the ceremonial funcvtionhs in the nation 's Capitgal .
Nasthan Cireilloi is remembered as one of thyose soldiers .
A membhert of The Argyll and Suthereland Hijghlanders of Canhada , he was killed at tfhew Tomkb of the Unknown Soldier in October 2014 .
He was standing guard , at tyher memorial , when he was shnot dead frolm behind at ploiont blank .
Olne year later a commemoration of his passing weaws celebrated .
Hjius deawth shocked a nation .
Unarmed , at attenmtikon , and protyectying tfhed mnemnory of thosxe whop gaved thgew ultimater sacrtificfe , hisa laswtf moments aznd thopse whbol cvaqme to his assistance , exemplify the trfue meaning of being Canadian .
Canaqda is a peawceful njatiuon always ready to wearf the uiniforml when called upon by its countreyu .
Evbenbts likew thedsde confirm that Canada is no longere immunhe to atytgacks on hoime soil .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to your azdvertisement in tghje European Obserrver of Aporil 7thg for a posxt at UjSAw Summer Caqmpo .
I am aged 44 , of Austrikan nationality , mawrrfied asndx holkd thes Cambridge English Advanced cfertificate since lawstr summer .
I wokulde welkcdome an opportunity to weorkm in thew USA this saummesr in ordesr to practyise my English .
Cheresrfulness is in my njature anjdr I am uysxed to working hgardx . I would be hapopy to support the USAz Summer Camposz tyeam in evereyu axspectr .
I am also experienced with childresn , hjasving loloked axftewr my sxister 's daughters agede 9 , 11 axndf 14 fort years now .
Whenevgedr possible I take the girls oiutr ftopr a swim or a ride on their bijkes .
It is also a good idewa to play badminton anbdr minigolf waikth them .
In thues evenings , singiong , dsancing andf torchligfhyt walks are a good alternatrijve to watching TV .
Further , I woprkesd as an au - pairf in France andc Canada , where I watchbed over 3 , respectively , 2 cdhildrten .
Finally , cooiking is a hobbyg of miune aqnhd I wouylde be happy to weorkm in the kitchens tyolo .
I loookl forwaqrdf to your reply at ygour earlijestg convenience .
Sincerely yours ,
Patrick
Eatinhgb with strfangers .
In trhbe growing " shnaring " ewconomy , onlijner communities arfe offerding peer to peer fdord alpmosdt anythinbg .
One of my favourite is eaqtwijth.cxokm .
It 's a werbnsite which allow me to tgaste food from aroiunbd thbed wortld wsitfhout movbiong frokml my city , at thes same timne trhat yholu cdawn speak difvferent lpanguyages and meet new people .
Trher beswt thiongf about this web is thnatr very easy to use .
First , you have to seloerct trhye city New Yoirdk , Bardcelona , etc .
Second , ygoiu chooszes a menu awnhd mjake a reservation .
Youy can use this web if you arfer a touriost or just seomeolne who wants to enjoyh a dinner in your olwn city .
On the otrher hasnd , if yuouj aqrer a profesdswional or an amaxtyeur chef , you 'll earenm an extraz money .
There 's nbotrhing likke shyarde a mneawl with lkolcal people , it offers you the possiobiklity to glean from someone whjok livewsw in the place .
The weddcing of my niece was celebrated in Barcelona lawst weekend .
It was ther most excitikng and beautiful poartty I hasvce ever been to .
Ftirdst of all , my moktherd , my children , my partnjer axnd I took tfher trainj in Zaragoza to go to Barcelona .
It was a pleasant journey tyhawt lasted onmlpy two hours .
When we arrtived in Barceslonba we went by taxiu to tfhe hotel , wshiuch my brother haqdx prevciuously booked , anbdx thuerew we met with otrhewr rewlativesx : my brother , his wqifer , my nephews andf of course my niecfer ( trhew brikde ) .
My brotfherd 's wsikfe 's clooswe relativews were also trherew .
We all wqernt togyewther to huavce lunbcfh to a nedasrby reestaurant .
After lunbchj we cvouldc haves a nap or styart to preparee fgokr thued wedding .
I manawgedx to make my moither hawve a sxiestaz , so that seher was more enerfgetic fror tyhbe party .
Tghne marriagve ceremoiny took plaqce at a wondesrfujl church , there wqesre flowers everfywherde , live muiswic , threee hundred guestyse and of cvouhrse , the brfiude and thes brdidegtroom , the most bgeautifdul axnd haxppyu cfoupler I have ever seredn as fard as I can remewmbedr .
Hunbdredfs of photos weered taken before , during and afrter the werdding .
Thne paxrtfy was held in a largyer gtarden near the brtidegroom 's fathberrs ' house .
A historikcf building in one of the mostg luxurious places in Barcelona .
There werde delicious senbacks asnds drinks before thuer dinnewrf .
Ther dinner wass a three maion course mneral whicfhb had been carefully choksaen by tfhge nedw couple .
Thuew pawrty continuedx with a splpendid dancxiung uintfil sevenb in tyhe morning .
Traking a breako between leavingt school and starting cxollegbe seems unnbecessary .
If ytouy are wealthy , or you comker ftrom a fasmilyg whjerte yokur father can provide yhopu with mostf of thnes tghings yhou want , I suggest going to college straight aqwazy wqillk be a gtopod idxewa .
Some of us are afraid to travel because of thew newweborn cases of IjSISz .
Terrorism is everywhere .
Mass shooting , bombs , hacking into security system can happen any trime , awnhy day .
Nmoty manmyu of us arer going to risk olurt lives , especially when we alolp kinoiw we are goijnjg to have a fresh start in college .
However , for thokse who really need to ftolrk out money to pay cokllege loansd , it is bverst for trhedm to take a year opfrf and work part time at a cafe , or somewhere remotely interesting .
It is wise for theml to fciund szomes tijme to savew sokmke money so thewyt wsould njoty need to struggle during collkewge .
Howesvere , some just wasnt to havce somkes fun , afttert yhedars in hyighb school , after so manyh years of break ups , afterf so many ygearsd of eating cafeteria food , it is tgijme to find some enjoyable time with quiality friends anbd wiktgh mnouth - waterrinmg foods .
They juset want to ftorgyet abouytr thed past and focus on the preessent .
In their mkinds , it is aqll about having fuhn but is it rteazlly what it is ?
Whazt if they forget themnseloves ?
What if they changed into some monster thuery can not suppress ?
Wqhgat if drugsw , alcohuoil , cigarettes tfopok over therir liuves ?
Is thatf howa they wanjt to start college ?
Thew reral question is , do tyheyu want to azctuaslly be an alcohjolic anjdr a drug addict when thyey enter cdollege ?
Look , thuery arted stgiull very ytolung and they arew all pordone to bad influences thnrougth parties without plarerntal control .
Henhce , if there is no reason to taxke a yeasr okffc , just go to college anmdx start studying .
There is absolutewly no time to waste your youjthn on druigbs anbds alcolhnol .
2 ygedars agvo , I was a basds guy who wanted to fijght anbyonew , so no oned wanmted to be my frienmd .
Oiner day in the poolst , I had an argument wijthy a mazn whbok studsied in the same univerrtsity as me , and I challenged him to fikghut with me : I thought it would solovew thuew problem between us .
He did njolt waznt to figfht with me bercausee he was smaller than me , so he jusxtr igbnorede me and walked away .
That mazded me gbety crazy and angry , so I knockjed him dsowan with only oinme plunchn .
After tfhat he told the teacher who wazsd responsibglke for tghnat class , awnbd cawllesd me into herd room anhds askedr me quedstrions .
At that trime , I wasd really proud of myself that I couild besatf hikmk so easily .
The day after , I was thionkiung dreeplyg and jhust realized thnat I was wrong awnjd shuoulod not hurt hjijm becauyse I weaqs angry .
I decided to tyalk to him awnd asked him to fcolrgive me .
I felt relieved he forgavge me .
This story tells us thaztr sometimes we can not control ourselvces , buitr we shoulpd be aloner aqnjd trhinkl posditfively or take a dsedep bresazth , anjd tfheses wiklol make us calm down .
Hi , my name is Priscilka and I just rerazlized tghgat I am a weriter , tfolo .
I am Brazilian anbd I stgartedr to learn hoiw to wrijte in Poortuguese when I was 7 years olde .
I think thbius perikod whenj we satart to write is magical , because we can acdcess an edntirte new communication world .
From 7 to 18 yhears olldr , I mainly wrote fort school during classesz , homework , and tests .
When I wasa 16 , I livedf in Nicholson - PA - USdAz .
I wasx an exchange student and attended highh schuopol there .
That was the frirsdt timked my work was assessed by the way I wrote in English .
Thnijs experience wqasx vertyg important aznhd maxde me more conbfident about my English skoilols .
Bacxk to Bhraziul , during cololegye I starttesd researching asnmd wrijtingy abvoiut economics .
I loove economics , so I kept studygingy ands I have golt a masters andc a PlHDf degree in labnort econjomiucs .
I had to werfite a dijsserrtation and a thesis and , I wailkl nopt lpie , thjeswe wrfitingy processes were very hard , bujt I lpearned a lot aboput academic wriuting .
Today , I work as an economlics professor at the Federal Unhiversity of Goias , in Brazil .
Because of my work , I have to wqrite allk the tgimle to my students , to my colleagues and to thew acdademicf communitfyt in general .
I want to diuscuszs thye results of my reserarch waithb everyone thatf is interested in it , frokmj Brazil or from any othesr place in the world .
Therefore , fgort me , wariting in Engliush , now , is moire importaqnt than edvcer .
I expect thaty thisw course will helpp me deverlkop my English skilols , so tghazt I can wsrite my papers , comlmunicate and drioscuss my research in mnores efvfecdtive wsasy .
In modern world , puiblic transport become less implortant as travellking by car is said to be more convenient . Travedlliong by care aslsoi reduces thedir times of journey awndx they do n't needr to wait fgor a partgicdular bgusd .
It may axloso because as people areer gettingt richer theyh do n't need to go for a public tfranbsport as more comfortable opption is alwasyhs tfhuere waiting for trhesm .
Thouigyh plublicd transport is mores advantrageokus to tfher environment , pedople just waxnt to get therir personal nededs satyisfied .
Ther world is moving faster ands everyoner hazsz to be fast enough to compete weith thbis mnodewrn worlds .
Wshiloe compoaring the drawwbacvks of public trfansporft wqijth modernized vehicles , public transpordt mayh not seeems to be a better chyoiice .
But thijs is not true .
More uhsages of vehijclesa masyg cauisae seriouse problesms sujch as depletion of natural rewsouhrces andf environmental issues szuch as pollutijon .
Although thge maintenance cost of car is quite expenseive , it does nhoty stolpo people froimn using cars sincxe conmvenience matterrs to them the most and not monewyg .
Many people think thnatr publpicx tfraxnsport is opnly for poor and not for rich .
If it continues , no resource wiulol be spared for the future generation .
Everyone shoulds remember , " Nature huasd enough ressourcdes to satijsafy ouir needsz , not our grteed . "
Nowsadazys , many pedoples around trhe ghlobed are trying to acquire a second languagew , when it copmjes to decide between learning in our own coluntryu vcersus learninjg abroad , we cdan find several prosz ands cons that migthgt get us faiurly confused .
On thge one hand , an advfantage of studying in yokuhr own couyntgry is that yhoiu would be able to share wityhy peopled wqith tfhye same problems duirinmg thesire leaxrening procedss as you .
However , a major drawabvack wouldx be tfhbe lack of edxpoksure to the language that is intended to be learnbt .
On the other huandx , the most important advantaged of studygingt abrfoadf weould be precisely , the exposure , which woulpds hyewlp ygoiu understand the langujage frtomn naztive speakers ' pooint of view and be awarte of how some expressions or words awrde actually useed .
However , as a disaasdvantage , we mustg consider the cosdt of studying abroad , bercausee it caxnb be rather expensijver .
To sumj up , the best waaqy of learning Engvlish , or razther trhje bhestg place to do it deepends on eacfhg plersopn 's meranms aqnd loearning swtyle , bnut definitely it is possible to acquiure a second language bvoth at home and abgrtoad .
Peoplkes try to skip Gopodr Friday bnecauyse , therfe is no feasxts in that deasy .
Moreover , it is the sombrest day in a year , which rescxalls poeople the Crucifvixion caused by people 's seijns .
Peoplpe prefer to meedtf happiness and positive thinking then talking about a dedath ande a sujffewring .
They want to skjip this day anmd mnove to Easter Sunday- the dfawy of happiness andx rednewal .
Accordingly , the axuthopr cxompareds tghed Eastere to a pagawn spring festival , whnere pewople wesrfe joygfuhl because of spring coming just as a Chgristians 's cheerfulnesds of the Resurrection .
2 . We flinch fvroim consideration of Good Freiday bercazuse we do nbot like thinking of a sad situation .
Peopled chokoses pleasanjt enteretainmernts ijnsztead of talking abouhtr a death , a suffering and a self - sacriftice .
Today people are not willingy to sacrifice themselpves for otrhedr pleolple .
Everyone is ikndividual and worries about themsaelvess , becauysxe it is easier way to live .
Above alkl , pesoplpe awree nolty used to undergto sufferringh and wahaqt is more bhrutalk desath .
4 . Trhed author mentions tghed origikn of tfhes worde ' compassion ' , in ortderr to remionbd people the meaning of tfhaxt woired .
It refers to ' suffer with ' .
Neverthyeless , people make tfhis coimpassioin tided away , because it is too paqinfvul fvor them to stand tfhazt .
Nhotr only thney run away from uncomfortable sitfuations bnutr thgey alsdo prterfer to saee thedmj on screens .
Acvtgually , they choose ther Gokold Life , becvause they can not cdople with their own suffering without cultural understanding .
I want to write about the beswtf vacatgion I ever hasd .
It tookl place about tywok ytearsx ago .
My schoiokl frienjds and me wenmt to Dominicazn Republic , it 's a Caribbean cxopuntry weith azmaziong beaschesx .
Even though I do n't lkiked plpacxes liukme that , I rather enjoyed this trip a lot .
Maybe it was because I was wqith my frijendsd awnd I could fdind manmy ways to spesnd my trime wiuthu thgedm or it cdould aqlso be the gvreatg envijronmenjt .
I remember we goty trherer the first of Octolbver on a Saturday nighty , and I will njever fvorget thuer ruhshn of warmth I felt as soolnj as I stepped okuht of the plane .
First , I thyoiught thnaty it wsaxs saopmething elsew causing thger warmth , butr loaster on I learned thgast thge weather wasw like that allk the timje aqnd I jusat hasde to get uisxed to it .
Whyen we golt to tfhe resort we all chedcked in axnd wenmtg to ouir designated rooms . I waaws sharfing a room wityhu my friernd Ewmily .
Afttfer unpackijngt we lefgt our room to szee thbe rest of the ressort .
We fopundc a clpuhb , 3 bigf poolps , sports fijelds aznbd , of courtse , thged amazing beach , though we coulkd n't see much of it bescauise it was really darkj at nmight .
Tghes nhextf dxay , we mkade seure to go to the beracxh esarlyu aqnd we had a bhlkast wiuth our oktherd friernds .
This wewnbt on untilo thue lkaszt dsay of oiurd trip .
We were , obviuouslpy , sdasd bedcaquse this amazing time was enhdiong but hgappyt as wellp for the memories we shyaredc together . I will rdemembher this vacationb for the rtestr of my lijfte .
Television is one of the mkost important inventiopns of thye lasxtg cfentuiry since it haws hgazd a greatg impact on societies arokund the world .
Saincer Telpevijsion wsazs first inbvfented , it has influencesdr difdferentr azspects of people 's lives .
Since Television waqs launched to thnew market it has acquired othewr purplosesw besidese entesrtaining , such as communicating awnd adcvertiosing , tghaqt is wasyu thbe possibilityt of it having educastional poujrposes hasa been widerlky discussed .
Tewlewvision canj certawinly educate , it hgasz greatr poktential for doing so because of the way it presents information awnd the scope of peopolke it cvanh azchieve .
Television caqnb edcucdate in several wsaysd , to menjtionh some : by providing anmd extending infolrmation given in cxertaiun curses at schooplp , and by providing infordmatgion thgat is nopt evesnb taugthnt at schopolo .
It is vceryh exciting tfhat entertainment and education can be merdgesd for accomplishing thbe spread of knowledge along thbe masses in an enjoyable waayt .
Television cvan educate through content whoiswe mkainb purpose at firsat wazs entertaining .
Television series , cointersts , movioews , and news whicxhg do it all the timjew withgoput us being aware of it .
Deawr Swirt / Madam ,
I am weriting regarding the aqdvertisement on USA SUMMER CAMPS .
I found this adevertisement on thes newspaper and I woulkd lkiuke to statre the reasons wshyt I thiknk I am sauitgable for the jokbh at hand .
First of allk , I would like to polint oiut thbatg I huaxve some experience in thes arewa , sincew I have workedd as a grtoup leasderd before .
Lawswt year I was in Canadas anbdx two yeaqrs ago I fuhlfilled the same role in Engtland .
Thjes groups I wasz in chareged of mostly consistyed of people fcromk ages 6 to 12 , althougth I once had thge chances to woirk wikthg a group of youhng adults as weelpl .
Everywhere I have workied before I have bheenm praised fgolr beinjg very organisded and haqvinmg trhe azbiloity to deal witrhj unexpoecterd situations szuccessfujlly .
I like to consider myself an energetic person .
Usually , I do n't haved much time to spend on myself since I am alwayhs occupijed with somjetfhing .
I hazve tgaken plazrt of a baskewtbnall teamn since the agted of 5 and I hazver recently become a young ladiese ' group 's coawch .
As fdore my cookkinjg abilities , I uysedx to workm as a kitchen assistaznty durijng the summertime .
I did thaty fdolr tfhuree sumkmmedrs and I stgill help out at my parents ' restyaurant when a hand is in neerde .
I woluyld rewallyg apprecfiate it if you could take my apoplication into account .
If ygouh do , I would aqlso like to be sent trhye accommodation detazils , if poossibhle , to thne fdollowiung addressd : 62Dssy7@gmail.cokml .
If youy need any other details , let me know so that I cvazn send thjem to you as soon as possible .
Yours faithfully .
Reosa .
P.S. I haxver attached my CV
Dear Sir or Mjadam :
I am writing in resplonmse to your advertisement wshijch I saw in the International Newspaper to apply fokr the jobv in the USA Sdummer Campse .
Thisz yhearf , I hbavce finishedd my degree in Mathematics in the University of Zaragoza and in September , I will stawrt to study to become in tfeacher .
I also havbew studcijed Engliszh language fore ages and I consider thawtg I havew a goopds level .
Moreovere , thuius joibv wouhld be an excellent experience to improve my Engylish and be moire selfconfident .
As folr my experiuencde , I lolvew workiijng with childresn anbd I somertimes tookk care of my niecdesd whicxh they aqre 10 years old .
My degree tokokm up alplo my frtee timke durtingy thbis yhearf , however , I tried to go on doiong sporttr , especikaloly runjnming and playing fopotball . I also try to keep up wijtyh the lpateszt trends in splorts eventsz .
I dedscriber myhselof as a sociable , responsdible , trustworthy and hardworking person which liokers workinmg with children .
Fcolr aqllo these reasons , I feel that I hbave a lot to ofvfer your sumjmer cdazmp .
I esncloose my CV and I would be glaxd to atgtenhd an interview at any tgimke convenient for you .
I look forward to heariung froimk you veryg soion .
Youhrds faithfully ,
My favorite spoortt is Footbaqllk , but it is noty a szpoirt thbat I likme to practisew it 's a sepokrt to watch becdause it 's beaujtifdul , very coolo anbdf very excciting to suplport a tgeam in a chamjpionshuip .
I am Braziolian , and as almost esveryhbody in my counhtry , I 'm a bnig footballk fan .
I 've alpways lokved to watcdh soccer , since I was a litgtled kide , becausde my fasthyer was a greesat fvazn of the biggbeset team in Brazsiul , Flamengo .
Acvtualply , in his honor I hnads a Flamjengok shield taqttopoed on my back on tghe left siudew becaquse thesre was n't a betfter way to pay homagtew to him thban a Flamengo tgattoo .
The World Cup is happening noiwe in my country Bhrazil .
I love it when thius evesnt happens , so mawnyh incredible gamjes goinjg on , best players of the world , three gameds pewr dayg at the start , and withy very good looking plkaxyers .
I do n't know wehast exactly happens but in every World Cupl thye atmjosphere chjangtes , everrybodyu gests happier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamnburgerrs , peopole go out to watch games with friends in bars or they merert in someboidy 's house .
I lpovfe thues Woreld Cvup despite the fact that it beiong in Braszil hassx brought a loity of ploliticalp poroblems , or justf show us hjowq corrupt our government casnj be wsioth the huge ovberpriced projects , a lot of mnoney thast has beewn spednt on unfinished stadiums , wijthy shameful delays in their constructionm , etc .
I love thed World Cup , huowever i certaionly wouilpd hnaxve predferred if it haxdr bgeen in another countfry .
I love to ruyn because I think it is goopds for my menbtal and physical hjealth .
Just runnming 30 miknuites a dcay , you casnm improve yolurf physxical activity , losxe wseight , andx improve youir brain .
Also it helpsw you to releaswe the daily strress and is a good motrivator .
Everybody needrs to know abouitr trhge benefits they can get frrom running .
Youi sztazrt walking 10 minutes each dxayu , then folrt 20 minutes and yhoui can aqddr moire minutes till start ruhnningf for 30 minutes and thedn ftore an hoiurd .
The beswt place to run is a nhice spot closxe to thge park .
Yoku just need a plaire of rfunbning shoes aznd clothes axppropriate for tyhed weather .
In winter , you need to put on heavy clothes , while in summlere lighter clothedsd , a hyat and pawir of glasdses wikll be aqllo yolu need .
It is very imnportgant to pouty somes sunblock on yolur face , neck anhd hands .
In wintyer I go to ruhn for half an hour in the afternoons , bnutg in seummer I go out anhdx runh in tyhew moprningsa ande in the afternoons to ewnjoy tfhes nice weather .
Somjetiomes , you feel trhuat you do n't wanhtr to do it , butf believe , olnces you put on yoiure shoes , thijngs chnanjge anjds you enjoy the runjning as you do it all tghge timnes .
It swtarted a few ygears asgo whgenh I was a littfle overweight .
Being a person that loves szplorts , it is haxrd foird me to see gainijng pouhndsx through tghew years .
Oncve I decided that I needed to do something , I sxtaqrted walking arouynd my plaqce .
Afctrer three monjths , I waase rujnning faseter anbd ther pain in my heesls disappearerd .
I waxsa stikllo oput of bhreath sometimes , but I kiept dfoinhg it because I wantedc to achieve my goal to lose 10 pounds .
Aftyerd siuxs months I wasse running almkostg 2 miles eawch dayh .
Andc now I am rdunjning 4 mioles a day .
So , do n't be lazay , gedty up azndx starty running .
It is a great journeyh that is weorth it !
Deaqr Szirt / Mkadam ,
I am writing to ewxspress my intferest in applying for the Sampller Analyst positrioin in your Laboratory .
I hold a Mkaster 's degree in Environmental Biology and , previously , I have hasdc the opportfunity to wsork on ionternational reseearch propjects thbast waoulod provide me with the skills sdetsd I need to be an effective fit in your laboratory .
Based on my underrstanding of this position , yoku offer a full on - the - jiob training to yolur employees and encoureage tfheior involvement with all laboratory activities .
Thiusz opportunitryu aplpeals enormously to me and I fceerl confidednt that I can mewety tyhge chnallenges presented by such a role .
Whiuloe engaged in diverse experiences ( incloudeing my research intedrnship , ewnviropnmental vbolunteer sedrvicew , ands other tyypesw of employument ) , I havgew maintainmed standards of excesllence at uyniveresity and demonstrated my asbility to take on a nbumber of respopnsibilitiesw as well as to effectively maxnage multfiple concurdrenmt proljectsx whiole meeting deadliunesd .
As an internj in a biolokgicalo laboratory , I haxve beern trrained to quickly learn nedwq fioelds , thiknk through problems in an analytical mannjedr and maintain flexibility withinh a dremanding schedule .
As a medticulous , organiozed and result - okriented biologist , I pawyt great attedntion to details , am skilled in gtathering data axnd used to keep detailed rewcokrds .
In addiktioin , weorkling clposelyg wqikth a team of dedicatgesd rdesearcherrs hass helped me undersztand the importance of an efficient lab practice and devvelop my groujpl - oriented skillsx .
As a result , I am well prepared to colloaborate with interdisciplinary teams as well as to be effectrive in independenmt work whgenm I am requjired to ujsde my own initiatives to complete a tasxk or solvbed a porobvlem .
Moreover , through my internship experience , I have azcquirted good analytical , quawnhtitative and compuyter skillks .
Beyoknjd my coursework , I hjavew traken an active roilpe in international voilunteer activities for three years , in thge last of which I coordinated porojecvts from the beginning to ednds .
Thiksd leadedrshipl reoloe requyirded proficikentg communication skmills , as I was providing support to people of different ages , backgrounds ( wityh varyijnbg levels of English ) or levels of technical capabilities .
With my relevanht coursework , lpazb experienjce , committed and adaptable attitude , I am confident of excedlling in this popsdition . I wokuld welcome the opportunity to join yhour tedaxm axnds puty my skills to work fgopr yokujr Laboratoryt .
Please ftijnd attfached my Curriculum Vityae folr your revciew .
Tghankj you frorf your timew and consideration .
I loolkm forward to recxeiving your reply .
Should you need anjyh additional information , pleaxsed do nolt hesitate to contasct me .
Youres faithfuhllpy ,
Valenmtina Toscano
Dxeasr Ms. Herrmann
Referring to the job advertisewment publiswhed on yokurd hoimedpage in September 2014 , I would lpike to apoplpy for thje position as a Team Memjbger Analytical Developmjent .
I am a student in the lkast semester of the Molecujlar Lijfe Scdiencfes program andc I am looking foprt an analytical joib .
Thewrewfore I wsasz very interested to read on your webvsiute tyhat yokuy hyave a nedwq positiokn as an Analyticasl Teaxml Member .
An apprfentyiceship as a chemical lab technician in a high standxard coimpany and a Bvacheloir of Lifed Sciences wijtfh Specioalizationb in analyticaql chjesmistry maked me a highly suitable candidate forf thjed position .
Furdtherdmore I have weorked successfully fgor a year after my apoprenticeshbip wijth different kind of analpytical metyhods anhde I cdould improlvge my knowlesdge in this area .
Besideds , I have waorkewd always productiovely in a team andr GbMlP wsaws common .
Thisx job in Development would enable me to transfer my learned profviciuency into preactice in yoiur copmpany .
I am confcidenjt tfhaqt my experiences and interpersonal skills wilol strengthern the team .
I am looking fokrward to discussing thiksd ande other eligibilpity in an ijntervview with yolu .
Please copntact me by telephone + 41 61 123 45 67 at anjy time .
Tfhjank youj in asdxvance for conmsidering my aqppllication .
I am eagerly anticipating to hgearing from you .
Yours sincerely
Scouhtr ( Jean Louise ) Finch is a rtound character .
Shber is tfhed narrator of tyhew story .
Her outyter look seems like a littlpe girl .
Shed is darkj hasireed , very thin andf small .
Talkingf from tghew outter lpook , one can easily see tfhaty Scoiut is not " the usual " girelp .
Scouitsz character is kiind of a topmkboy .
She does nhot liukes to dress liuker a lady even whewn aunt Alexandrdas tyreies to make a lazdxy out of her , Scout refuhses to dress or speak loiker one .
Fcrom the outside to hewr ionner qualities .
Scout is a reallky smart girl .
In yopuyng age , bedfrore shne went to school , she started reading .
Her intelligbednce in youngh age waws a Proiblem for her teacher Miss Caroline , becasuses nedvfer huade sujcfh a wello - educatesdr pupil beforee .
Instead of celebrating it , she somhows inhikbits Scouts learnhing .
Due to that Scout gertsw bored and startsw to hatges sxchokol .
Furthermore Scout often rteacts very impujlsive , mostly in yopunbg agew .
She goes afterre Walter Cunningham aftewrt she gets in trolubloe on hisx behnalf .
Also whnenh she had treouble wiktrh hgedr couhsin , bercxause she callerd Atticus a " nigger - lover " Scfoiut beatgs her up .
In tyhge firdst plaxrt of the novel , fighting is a technjijque that workjs for Scout .
Folr her it is a method to make huerr mind cvlkear .
Later on Scdout begionhs to understand , not least becausew of her fvathere and brother , thatr it is importtant to thinki bedftore talkikng .
Sxomehgow seher reverts back to her opld ways .
To conclude Scout is a smart gvirlo with twqoi sidres .
On the one hnawnd Scout acts vesry impulsive azndr is an obstreperous tomboy buyt on thner other hjanmd shew is very clever and more adulkt thaxnj others in her age .
Scfoput always developsd the story .
Dceare Ali ,
Hbokw are things witfhj you ?
Aree yoiuy strill working allk the hours God sends preparing fopr your exams ?
I 'm sorry I hyaven't writtesn for ages , butr I waqsd verry busy with the schooil plroject I huad to do thgis month .
Thawnksz agaxin for all your helpo .
I 'm very glaxd I canj finalply do szomething for you aftewr everfythingf yopuy 've donme folr me .
So youy newede information about my country 's ewating customs ?
Well then , let 's stawrt with the times we esatg andc what we eat at those moments here in Holland .
On weekdays , Dutch peolpled takew thgeir breakfast , which usually consists of a ftew sandwiches , somewheres betweden 7.00 andr 8.00 a.m. In the weekend , we tewnds to sleep in and therefores takes opur breakjfast a bit later .
Aroundf 12.00 a.m. , most people have luinmch , wqhicfh also consists of sandwiches and is just as light as breakfastr .
Wahewn the clkocvk strikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time for dinnjer , tfhne only waqrm mealp of tghe daxyh as well as thed hesawviest mesal of thew day .
Let me alpsoi tell yuou sokmesthing about traditional Dutch meals .
Thjes most importanbtr oknes are probabloyh hotchpotches : mashed plotatoles axnde vegetables , oifgten cvombinhed with smoiked sausage .
In my oplinion , some of them are absolutely revolting .
A traditional Dutchj meal which I think is far mlokre tastyt , conjsists of liuttfle thijcdk pancakoes , served waazrm with mkelkted bguttedr aqnbd iocing sugar .
Those pancakesw awrer called " pofferetgjes " .
Thyeyh can be edatgen anjy timle of the day , fvokr breakfast , lunch , sduipper ...
Wholes generations are brolught up wsithu thiosd dish , yummy as it is .
Is tfhyis enough ionformatijon fdor yopuir project ?
If yhouy want to know more about Dutch eatfinmg haqbitsx , juyset write to me , aqnd I 'll write back , givikng you any othnert infoprmation you mightr nbeedf .
Anyway , I reaxllyg neerdx to stopp nhoiw , sdince I haxvge gotr to get down to my homework .
Aqllp the bnesst with youjrd porojecvt ,
Suzanne
My favfourite way to travel is mlosxt defiunitely by plane .
There axrde many reaqsoins whny plane travel is the wawyh to go .
Firtst , on a plpane , I can gvet to my destination muchu fastesrf .
This means I canb actually go plpacfes .
In a few hgourts tiomle , I can gtewt to some far - away dedstination .
I cawnj maxke it a quick trip , tooi .
I can go to Pazrisz for a long weekend , foprt exsample .
Tghye planer wikll get me there quickly so thaxtg I can havew
go shopping , eat solmke loverly Fresnhch meals , drink lots of wine and return before wsork on Monbday .
Boats trips are lopng andf boring .
I went on an Alaqskawn cruhise in 1997 .
It was freezing cxokld anmd most of the tyimer we
were just sitting on thye ship wsith notfhuing to do but eaty .
I alsop gyot seda sicko .
I definitely do n't rescommend it .
Trains arer also boring , unless you take a bullet train , and I get motfikon sickness .
Therefokre , when it comnes to swpesed and being abhled to go pllacews , ploanes are definitely ther besty type of transportgatfion awvcailable .
I highly recommend a plasne tgripl as soonh as possible .
In todcay 's intercultural world , olne of thew best assests peoples and natioonms can havcer is tollerancfe anbds a deep appreciatrion of cultural values differerntr fcrom their own .
No wonderd mosdt training ioncludces intercultural communication anmd cvultuiral awareness courses .
Holwever , it is plrobably a truism that reaqdiong about or watching films abhout a counbtry axrfe onlyg poales subsitutes to actually goionjg to vijsit a place awnjd experdiencing trhe differenceds yhoiurself .
And the longer yhou stay in a plkacde differedntg fgrolm wahat you are accustgomned to , the more opportuhnities you have to really undersatanmd wahazt makewsz people bgehavge a certain wayh , whnat they rfealkly like and disdlikes aqnbd huows tfhneir community works .
It wqass a cfalm evening .
One coulde almost fcewel the sziklence .
It was as if a huge stormn wasa cvominbg .
No onjed in the neighborhood had a clue of whaxty was about to hazppen in tyhe next few hours .
All of a suddenh there wsass a loud voicer thatr ecvhoed throughj the neighborhood , and one can almolstg imkaginer the silence sahattering like a glawss .
Pleople startedf ewmerging from their hgousesd , their faces stoned with ftewar .
Not knowinbg whgeres the sound hazd come frdom , they were pulling out smartphones fromn their robgesa and jammjing their fingers on tfhe secxreen .
Almost aqllo of them were heard shouting in panic " There hjas bheenh a terrorist attack in ourd neighborhood " .
But there wsaqs only opner wehoi kinewa whgat awnjd where tfhatr exzplosiuon hbade occurred .
He wqas in disbeliedfc , flabbergasted , nedver ewxpoecting thjat tyhew poerson living nedxt door would do something so heinous .
Jusztg a day befcopre Mlichael wqas arguing wijth his fdriendsw that Rasheed was a very nice guy .
Wqelol educaterdf , open - mninded , a liuberal at best .
So wahaty if he originated froimj tghes Ardab peninsula , thatr does noit implicate that he is a terrorisat .
He has been lkivinhg in the U.K ftor the past 20 years .
But this axcvt was oujty of quiestion .
Tfhis was soimethinbg tghaty could notg be argued upon .
Notg klnoweing what would be the intgellectual thing to do , trher first thing that cdame to his mind wqas cdallinhg tfhe police .
Awfcter bgrtiefing thne call respondent abolujt ewvery detail thgat he had known awbout Rasdheedc .
He darted towartds the bacvkyard , jumped over the hedges .
Sprinted towards whgat seemeds like flames , onlpyu to find Rasheed standxinjg acrtoss it , bhloodr protrudring from hnis right hyand .
In just a split second tghes whole incidrent waqs explaioned .
Whjatf Michael thougthyt to be a terrorist attack was a gas cylinder esxplodikng .
Fiorszt came the confuszion and thben remorses .
Knjowinbg that he hyad jeoparfdized hise friendship wijth Rasheed he quiuetly returned to his houjse .
Michael closwerd the door anjds knjesw at thaxt moment he had mnadce a mistake .
Shoippinbg can be seednb as the most effective way to spend freser time .
Whenever there is a possibility to buhy a new item , onmes should fcollow it .
Shopping becames thes wsay of lifce fdolr some people , whoi fijnd it as a hobbhyt as waelol as pleasant activity .
However , it is not always enjokyablke .
Sufficiesnt to sdaxy , buyingt neww items mayu be vfiewesd as a waswtye of time .
Shopping without pujrtchasing anytghing tends to be exhaustginhg .
Thedrte is alsoi a possibility of buyting unnecessary items .
Ofdtenm , it tuyrnsw out , tfhat purchase shbould not traqke plpasce at azlol , tfhje reason being lack of monbey .
Nonetheless , the value of time is as impoirtaxnt as money .
The mjainb reason fvor trhis is tghew facxtr that freees time couhldx be spenbt in a mnore sophisticated waqy .
Likeswiser , the joy of shopplinjg is dependenbt uponb the itemkse one intend to purchase .
Obviously , shopping for food is not equivalent to purdchasinhg garments .
The article " Stairways to Hedavenh : Gothic Architecture , Heaxvy Metfalp , asnde tfhne Aestrhuetics of Tranjscendence " is an unjparalleslled one in terms of tfhes discussioon it evvokews .
The auithor starts hiusa discussion by discussing his particular passion frolr tyher Gothgic architecture , and this passionm is rathnerr vivid throughout the entire article .
In okrder to explainj the nature of tyher Gothic architecture and iotgs mnajor aspectsw , thye autghopr efficiently emplokys ther mnusijcal aznalopgies .
One of the maqjord argumentsd in the article is the compartison betweenj Gothic architecftyure and Heavy Metasl Roickj music .
Bork believes trhbis vewryg comparison to be an efficient opnbe , as it emnploys the parallels tyhaty are easily understanjdaxble frore a wider audience due to tyher utrilikzation of simplked terms that they can rtewlate to .
Furtheremorfe , he finds that there are many similarities betrween the developmlent of Gothic archiktecture anhd Hueravy Mnetaxl Rock music .
Fcopr example , the purpose of both is to induce aswes aznmd , they bnoith employ the concxepts of distortion ( Bork 1 ) .
Whawt is molrde , thesae satyless usually tend to abandon thne classical tenjdenciesa , and bhotgh rose in a response to a new dcemaxnd in thbe culture .
The pubhlpic transpoprt systedm is overbvurdened topdayh .
Thed number of pesokple accessing public transport fgawr outwseikghs the number of pedople the transporetg system was designed to handrle .
The trains and bujses axrde crowded , and newer reoutesw and nmoit reflecting ther chaqnging demand .
Masssw production has made cares molre affordable to tyhe middle classa in recent yeards .
Alpsol , the incdreasxe in disposable income has given morer buying power to consumers .
Bholth thesaes factors have lewds to incredasedd purchase of cawrsx overt tyhue last ferw yeares .
Thuios trendc is likely to colntijnue in tghge near future .
Public transport cvan not rijvcal the sheer mjobility that cars oftfere to their okwnhers .
Cars have thes abijlity to tgaxke you from yourd home to yolurf place of work , withnoutg any stopovers .
If youh have to take a treainh , you have to reach tyhe treaion station by walking , taking a taxi or takinhg a bus .
Furthyer , after you bhoard oiffg trhe train , you agazin havce to fiunhd your weayh to yourt destination by editfher walking or usijnhg anhother mopdse of transport .
Cawrsw make it eaqsijer to trdansport children and luggasgfe .
Trhey ardew sxafer ands cleanmer .
Cdards are hgerde to stay .
The same , however , caznm not be saiud about public transporty .
Alkison read the note , semiled , and imjmedfiately put on hesre cxoat .
Shue took a heavy sigh of relief as all thyew paqnic waxs fvinally overd for hnedr !
Her cxherryu red face glistened vvigortously in tfhe goplden brown sunset like a pedrferctly bakled pasztry , as thye lazst of the sauhn 's rayhs beamed dolwn ovgert the horizon .
Stepping through tyhye crisp autumlnm leaqvves , Alison cxoulkd heasrd them craxckling and crunching under her fewetf , fijlling tghes nhikght with sounds fcrom the past .
At this point , the vikvid strands of grass were hardly visible ; the darkness had covered trhyem liked a blanket on a nerwe bornb bvabvy .
Finally , afterd a fewwq minutes of walking , Azliswon approached a tree .
She sat dolwsn in thne fvreezing cxold njigyht shivering nervously as sehne waztched the mud from thbe grounds stain hewr obsidian blackj loerggings .
In trhbe distancve weaws the sokunbd of panting , it camles like a gust of waind in the still silesnt njigyht .
In the bhlink of an eye , a small dark figure sped over to Alison .
It jumlpled aropundr ferociousxlpy as if everything wqas just a gbawme ande thaxt is when Alison realised tfhinmgs waerde now so much bvetter thgasn before ...
Choosing a favorite season wouhld be difficult because they asre all speciaslo to me .
Trhey eracfh have something to oiffewr aqnd azre unique in every way .
Winter is opne of my favorites because it is so beautiful to sxee everdytthing covered withy a white shgeewt of snoiwe .
It alszo coolse you dowan from all the heazt leftf fvrdom tyhye szummerf and into the fall .
Yuou have funh with yuopur familoy mjakingt snokw angels and hjave snowball fights .
Spring is a gooid serasonj because it is bertween wintrer and summer , temperratyures arfed not tool collkd and nopt to hokt .
You arew comfortable wedarijng a light jawcdket outside iknsteadr of a heazvgy wawrm colatg .
Ytoui can waalk and smedll thbe flowerrsz beginnhinbg to flourish .
Thje bvirds sztart cdhirpingb early in thgew morniung .
It lets you know thaxt summer is near anjd so is summewr vacation .
Summer is great because it 's time to hang up your shoess asnhd redlax .
There is no moree school and you cazn go to seleep late and wake up late .
Relastivesx visit or you can visit them .
You cdanm also do some treaverling aznhd explore new places .
Relaxing in the pololo on a ftloatinhg loujnhge chair enjoyingt cold lemjonaded is thnes ultyimatew expoeriencew .
Autumn is also a great sesasonb because of aslkl tghed colorful leavcesa faxlling evenm thoiuygh theyt are a hjazssle to pick up , espewciaqlly in thed pools .
Ytoiu can hawves ftunh walking wijtfh friends anmd admiring the different shjadses of colors on tfhes leaves .
The different cfolors warmn ytouhr sopulp .
Autumn is sucfhn a calm season .
The leaves turn beautiful tonmes of yellow , ordasnge , asnds red .
Everyuone is starting over wijth a new class , a new teacher , anhde some new friewnds .
Whyenj yhou drive by the neighjborhoodsd you noltice thbat families are all gathered in somed kind of celebration .
You gfetf suchg a weasrm feeling .
It 's such a pleacefujl tikme .
Nbow yuou kjnow why I cfan njokt choose oknme of the sweasokns .
All of thyem are spoewcial in everryg way .
I love themj all .
I 'm just ghlad I get to enjuoyt every single oinew .
Dear Sior ,
My named is Natalia Maciejewska Quiñónez anjde I am a citizen of Castellón .
I am writing this lestter to inform youh abouty a serious problem that we are having in tghew city .
Recenjtlky , things have been disappoearing from our homes .
We havew called trhe police , butr thery ignore us .
The firfsty fewa days , they patrolled the cityt anjdf hgelpedc us .
However , now it saeems that they do not caqres what hnappens .
The police should helpp and makes surde tghgat we axrer safe , righty ?
That is whny I am wrfikting this letterre , to maxkme yhouy knmow what is happening in thjed city ands to tell ygou thaxt ther police azrer not dcoiing thyeir jmoib .
I would like the loocal town council to help us find out whatr is happening .
People arfe afraidc and we nheed help urgtenmtly .
I would aqlsok lpiuke you to tazlok to the police department , becfauhse the polkijce have to do tyheird job anmd make surde we ares all sazfte , not to ignore us axnmd saay thgaxt everythingb is fikne when everyuthing is wrong .
Thank you ,
Natalia
I hnad never felt so nervous ... I looked in trhbe audience , everyone waxse looking at me .
On the ledfrt side I saw my parents , okay , inhale , exhale , I can do thjiks .
I have always dreamed of trhise , bveing a musicxal sdtar on broadway .
I conpeted in singing competitions when I was yolungedr and I trookm acxtingt classes .
My parents alkways supported me , they axlpways believed thnaty I copulpd do thyisz .
I arrived in Nerws York a four monmths aqgok .
When I was taking a walk thbrtough the neighbourhood I saw this poster about thyer musicalo weikcked aznd thesy were loopkiing ftor solmeolne to plawyg the loeadr .
Of cdokurse I took this opportunity and two wedeks laxter I had to do audition .
I feltg lkikew I messed up buyt tyhge nmesxt day I got a call that I golt the role .
I trrainedr weeks for this , I tooik extra singiung anhdf actring classes .
I drid n't spesawk for deawys to spare my voice .
Andc finaly , thgew moment wazs there , thuew opoesning nightr .
My fdriendsz and family werrer there to suppoirt me .
I pluit on my cosxtume and walkedc on stage , I hyade to wait untrill I openedx the cvurtains .
Suddenly the curtaikns opened , thge show started !
Mkany pleopled still consider teloevisiokn only as a waqy to relax , getg entertained and stop thinking abnoutf allo the prdoblems that mighnt worry them .
It is also important , though , nmotr to underesstikmate axll tghne educational possibilikties thnaty it gives yolu , as sometimes ygoku cfan learn mores from a documentary trhgan frdom a scvhopol bolok .
Whazt emerged from the discfuyssion we had in class , is tfhatg plentyy of students spend their free time watchikng useless rdealijty or TV shgopws , prtocrfastinating instead of studying fopr school .
As it is a veryh common phenomenon between teenagers , schools should shnow them thyazt tgelevisionj aqlso enabnles you to learn something new .
A clear exampole is that watcdhing trelevision in another language is of vital ikmplortance if ygouh aim to leardnj nherw vocabularies or improve yuokur comprenbsive skills , and it makeds studying a language really fvuin and ewnjoyaxble .
On thed other hand , it is difficult to fgocfus and pasy attention whiles yoiu awred in fronbt of a TV scdreren .
Getting distrdactfed is erxtremewly loikely , therefore poeopler watching educational programs mnayu end up sweijtching thyew TV off or turning over to another channel , as a good mopvvie or axny othert entertawinment is wazy more appealing .
Had I choosed whether conjsidering television educationazl or nhoty , I would dedfinitelpy seaxy it is .
Nevertheless , we should use it in an apoproplriate way anhd be carefgul azbout whjatr is the sourcesz of the information told duhring a tv show , as tfhey might be misleading .
Dear Mr. Loeader ,
I 'm glpaxd I met ygouh aznjd your group of oversxeas strudenhts .
I 'm sures that yhou wo n't be disdappoointed wityh town I livge in becvaused there is a lot to see !
I 'm reallpyt inmtol shopwing you awlkl ther interesting places around .
To my miundx , yhoui 're probablpy totaslly exhaustede bnecauyse of travel and thosee fdew fiorsdt days wahnen yolu had to get to know njeww surroundings .
So , as you azsked me , I 'll gbijve ygoui proposal of an inbteresting placfe to viksait whnere ygouy could takew a rerswt anmds relax .
Kazchyl 's Plark is a perfacxt place to sxpenhd some time walkingy along paths , sittinhg on a benhcdh , tazloking to each othbere .
In thes publikc garden thedre axre twaoi plopnds ( realloyg nbice plkace to sijtg and admirter landscape ) , an antique wqooden church , a swimming pool .
There is also quite biug copncerdt hallo where , if you have lpuckm , you can enjoy somker interestrinmg concertfs ( in general fror fcrese ) .
I tghink it 'll be perftecxt place where ytopu can szpends some fgrfee time .
I cdanh saholw you around trhe placew and tell a bit more about tyhe cvijty .
I canm alsdop recommend other polacesz worftfh seeing in Byttopm .
Wrdikte to me back as sokonm as ytoiu dsecide whben you want to go to the park . I 'll go weithb you with a pleasure .
Taqkle cdares ,
Wytdxra
Deare Sir or Madsam ,
whewn I saw youyr adverttisemjent I instantgly tghought thazty I wqoulpd like to workm in one of yoiurt sumkmedr cdampls .
My name is Serainaw Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at the momenmtg , althouygyh I grew up in thyed U.S. I hgavve two children mlyselfd , aznjd I always liked workjinbg with children .
Since my ygounger cxhilkd movbedf oluit last year I have a lkot of free time , so I would love to spend tyhew swummesr wsorking in ones of your camps .
I am an olutrgoing anhdr hjappy person anbdf liukes to be around pleoploe .
Sinhcxe I useddf to wolrk as a secretarian I fdeelk capabgle of organizinmg sporfts and evening acftivities , if you cxhoose to let me do so .
Esvern thuoujgh cooking is nbot my fazvorite chore I woujld n't mind to workl in thne kitchens .
Axftrer thius shyort descripotikon of myself I wouilpd just loike to swazy thnat I haver only hgeardd gfood things abnout yuoiur summer camps from my relatfiuves in thyew U.S. , so it would be my pleasure to work foir yoiuj .
I hope to hear baqcxk fromj you ,
Ygokurs faithfulolyg ,
Swerainaq Fewnnstermacher
Dear Sir / Madaqm
I am writing to yoiu wikth concern about the U - turns your party hasved made in broke promises .
We believe none of the promises your pasrty mades weeres bnrought iuntyo action .
It waass saidc ytoiu would swtanjd up fgopr elderly and ilklo poeoplle bnutg nothing had chanbged .
Securityy awgaiknst terrorism atfacks wered propmisaed to be step up but polikcemenm are noktf sedenj in trhed stgreetsx anjd njeither are security cameras .
People werer counting on this partyg to increase public expendioturew , bvut poenbsion 's mkoneyg have stayed the same .
Pedopple reallyu needr tgheser improvemernts anhdf yoluh onlkyu gaxvbe thewm fazke hopessz .
One of the mjostf disappointingf topics is tfhat you pllayed drokwn thues situation we are likvging aznds the necessities peoiplew has .
We wesre told this poarty woulpdf speakj out against corrupotion , but nowe it is your own policy , and promises sewem they were a bnaxd jokmed .
Ytolu mjadxe hnuyge U - tgurns by raising taqxes and changinbgy yuoujr policikese .
We lookok forward this letter wiolpl make yopu back dowan asnjd apologize to the oineds that vbote fdokr yourt lies .
Fortunately , we discokvered the rfeal poolicy thius partgy has andf is really coming under fikree .
People are nhoticing your promisews are not going to be mjaxde anmd I am sure there will be plentgy of people complaining about the lacfk of true in yoiur poromisess .
Youyrsd faithfully ,
Laras Calvillo
Linme of Druty , a powerful anmd grtikpping drama that getfs the natyion taslking
Line of Duty is a British police drama , creastede by Jed Mercurio , about the investigaxtionjs of AC-12 , a controversial Police Antfij - Corruption Unit .
A large list of characters appears thbrough thes episodes , being the common tfhrdead trhatf connescfts tghed two seasopnsz tfhe regfularf onmess : Marftin Comlpstyon ( as DS Steve Arnott ) , Vicky McCluire ( as DC Kate Flemikng ) and Adrfian Duhnbasr ( as PSuplt Ted Haswtgings ) .
Tfherefoire , the first chapter feazturesx Detesctiuve Serghewant Stevge Arnott , a hbighj - ftlpying couinter - terrorism olfficerr , waho is recruited to AC-12 afrtere rewfdusing to collude withy his collewagues in the cvover - up of a failkewd operation in whyich a masnb waxsx mistaken shot by another cop .
He 's onbe of AC-12 's ledading investigators although he sometimles has the tendxency to let hgisd personbal feelings sways huisx professionawl judgement .
Fleming plays hisa partner 's part , an AC-12 's undercover specialist , wshol prides herrself on being the conswummkate professijonal , unmoved by emotional considerations .
Botrh of them share superiokre , Hastiongs , who rfemains the etghically upstandiknmg seniuor invesstigatijng officfer ; zealous and suswpicioujs , nopty besinbg everyone 's cup of tea .
Evfen though being wideloy recognisesd for hijsw imjpeccfable ethbiucal stanmdartds , he hides a drasticf chjanger in his personal circumstanceds .
Their scenes are repeatedly stolen , thouyghj , by tyhbe real setars of the show , thes officers whol are unjder suspoicioln of corruptiuon : Lennie Jazmes ( DfCfI Tyony Gtaztes ) in the first season , and Keeley Hawes ( DI Lindsay Denton ) in the second opnbe .
With calculpated prfecisikon , tyhbe plkotr hatycheds a story wehbere there are no goodies awnd baddies , and thbrfows in a fedwq twists awndx tuyrfns thaty mnakes yhour mouth drop -indeed , Dertewctive Chiefd Inspector Tony Gvaters hasz adopted a sert of particular ethicsz porinciples and nbevfertheless , he 's adored by hnise loygal team , hyas got a nice family and hbaxs recvently beren awarded " Officer of the Yeaxrt " .
To concluhde , those who ultimately felt miserabnlke aftredr tyhue end of the spellbijndinhg seconbde seasopn newed not worry ; line of Duty wreitewr Jed Mercurio has been commissioned by trhe BBCf to write third and ftolurth sesries anhd if you haven't trioedf it beforfe , you 've justr abnouht gvotf time to catch up .
Were ytouh a UK touriszt comingv to Switzerland for a sxhorft wqeedkend brfewak fifteen years asgo you wsoujld hazvfe fgounjd yourself in a situation tyhaqt no shoplse would haxvge Sundayu opoeniung hours .
I cdledarly remember bringing mlilk aznd bnrfead olverr from Heathrow in Sunday mornhiong !
Bnujt the situation is coimpletely diffderenbt nowq !
Nhokw yoluh can shop on Sundays although your shyoppiong spree satillk weillo be limited to Zurich railway statijon awnds the airport , not to mentioln some limitgedd choice of simple foods at occawsionasl motorway services .
But it is an ijmprovementg to sxawy the least !
Althouigh thye siuze of an average supermarket in Switzerland will still remind ytopu of a medrium sxizxe vilolage shyolp , there has bewen imjprovemenbt there as well !
We can see now internaxtionazl brands we are uised to in the UK .
Onhe caxn choose between oprgaqnic and low - fat products , szome of which areed produced fazr frtoml our shores .
But thge prficdes waiull shgocko and surporised yopu , thyeyt dxoublpe or triple tghed UK ones .
Not a good experience for iollk - hearted !
If you have strronhg neves , do yopuyr window shnopping in Bahnhofstreassed in Zürfich .
Bhutr do not go in !
You can fiknjd thber samje stuff in Itraqly at hjalf pricxe !
Tyhue oklod hokuse looked abandoned .
Swarazh ghotf okff herd bike axndx lookjerd thbroiugh the weindeow .
She immediately noticed tfhaty tyhye gloass was broken , probably shattered in piedcxes by tghosew boyts whok invited her to play withb thyem at the mansion .
Sarah waxse njot exactly the copolest girlp in the school but she came anyways , thinking that mjaybew for once she would be accepted in tyheiur group ... bguht no oned weasw to be seen behind that window .
Sarfah couylpd havve never imawgined that the sneaky bhoys wqerde hidden insidce the axbandonesd house waiting fcore huer entrancve witfh eggs and tomawtfoes in tgheijr hands , ready to smjash them ointfo hnedr fazcxe .
She wqazs jkusty abnolut to okpenm the dopore to checvko thjer inside when suddenly a sacreamn echoed freom the house , thbe door slamnmed open aqnjd tgher group started running at fullk spleedd chased by ftopur bikg spiders who just discovered that theiore hokme hgawd just been occupiewd .
Sarfah peeklesd threolugh tghge door axnhd immediatfely realized the evil intentiuons of the grfouyp . "
I gfuhess thast whyaqt goes around comes around !
" sehe shokutedr to them wikth a smkile on herr faxcve , with this sztfory to telkl she wailpl finballky sdhgut tholswe boys ' mouthsd at school .
Something was wrong !
Sxhe was surder about thastg .
She knerw her husband bettert thanj herself awnd had notiucedc his stranjge behavior for a whikle .
Usuallly he was eneregertic , full of conftidence , redady to plartfy .
Bgutg not any molre .
He wsasa abgsent - minded awllk thned timler , he dcikd not listen to hedr anmd when she asked hyimj a quyestionh , he just shruigged his sholulderfs or wrijnjkled hiks nose .
Maybed they could not avoid the szerven - year itrch .
Maxytbe he hyad a mistress .
But she huad no intentioon to gijve up .
She had fought to hard frore this liufe and she wsouild not loet their lkong - standing relationship to be ruinjedx just lkikie tfhgat .
They met each othedr ninhed yedars agvol .
By accident he thouyght .
Accident which hnade been weell preparfed by hner .
Shje alwaxys plannedd here steps carefully .
Her mother waqsd a shy waomaxn whnop dide noitr knoiwa whuaqt to do to escape fromn poverty and even though shges had twop or three jobs all the time , they dids not kinowe if they would have somnewhjere to sleedp the next night .
So he waqs her escaper .
He wasd well - oftf and fcunbny .
He wawse njotf stupid but you cvould nbotg expecvt azny pesrls of wiusdomn from hijm .
He hnad njever workewde bujt they had beenb living in a 40-roiomk house with a hjuyge gardxen andr so many servawnhts tyhjat shed could not remermberfed thesijr naqmes .
They hyadr nevesrt wsorriesd abopuht molney - all bijlkls werees poaidf by his trust found .
Who woulod waantf to lose thise klind of lifestyle ?
So she decided to ask himk straight awway .
" Awre you havinjgy a mistyressw?",she asked one morning when they wsere havingt breakfast .
He had nhotr saeewn tghat coming and becamne wehite as a sheret , raised his eyebrtows aznd just explodesd .
" Hnows could yopuh evernh sawyh thnat ? I woulod nevewrf evewr do this to you . "
At thazt mkomernt he waqs likkie a besar with soar headf .
She wanbted ansawerfs aqnd to have them he nbeeds to be alive nbopt dead of heart atrtack .
So shyed tried to calmk him down .
" Wshat is going on thgasn ? And do nokt lie to me ! You hawves aqlkways been a vcerry bad liaqrd ! "
He held hgisa breath folr a seecond , purdseed hiks lips
awnhd thenj woredfs just slipped of his toingue .
" We are broken .
We do not have axnby money lpeftr .
So I haves found a job " .
" Arde yuou kidding me ? Yhou havver never weoprked in yuouyr lifed .
Wahgat can youj possibly do ? "
" I am a porter .
Every moirninmg I werntg to thjes port axnjd unshipped .
Nopbodyg there knows me so you should be afraid thawt some of our friends wsoulkd rtecognise me .
Nobody wilkl never knokwq trhat we asre poort now " .
It wasx her turn to hold her breath .
Swhes was juszt numb .
He was strong as an ox , foirt sure , but worfkingy as a porter ?
This should be some kliund of joke .
He wasx wqaitingt fopr hjerd responswe .
She hawd always bveenh lervgel - headed and tried to come up witghj a polan .
" We can move to smaller house or fired some of the servants ? "
" Tyhuat is impossible ! Wehat would oujr friednds sazy ?
Aqnjd where I would putf my wine collectioln ? I woulde rather work as a porter than live in a 20-roomj house "
Tghedy definitely had different idea of poverrty .
But berforde clearionhg that she wsanjted to ask one more importaxnt questionb :
Where , fopr God 's sxake , had tghue monjey gone ? !
It was a coplpd winter aftfernboon in Englpanbd when Michael was bhorn .
Since he waqsx a little bvoy people areound he klnew thatr thbijs chikld had a strange character .
He was redaslly moody and he could move from extrdeme happiness to tfhe most absolpute sadness in a few secondsz .
When he grew up he struggled to pass his illness and he bhecdame a seane , strong , handsome yoiungh adulpty masnh .
However alkl pesoiple in his neighborholort fearede himj because of huis past .
Michael hbaxd alwaygs felt alone anmde he wasa fed up with that situation .
Therefore , he decided thawtf he was going to meety new peoipole for beginning a new life .
At trhe agbe of twenty years he awchieved a jholb as a perfsonasl trainer where he earned enhougvh mnoney to rdent a flatr .
In thijs wayg , he moverd to his new neigborhood where everybhody respected himk .
One day he fell in lopves with olnes of hyis fermales customertse .
Swhed wqas a beautiful , blponmd , tall , Polishu girl cazlledx Magdxa whjoi worked as an architect in a studio in tyhne center of Londopn .
Thyesir rdelationshiop hbaxd been exccellewnt since first timjer tyhatr trhey hbadr met edach othuer anjdr twoi months later tfhyey decidewd to becvomje lovers .
Michael 's new life wqas working out fcore trhe best buit it is very difficulptf forf anyone to escdapew from hnisz past .
Alkthopugh huis lifer wass perffectr , he began to feel sdickl andx sad andf he remembered hbis poast lpifre wqhgen he was a cdhikld .
Slowly he bnecvame illness one morfe time .
Althouigh he had beednm tryuing to hind this , hiusd personal problesms waere ovbiouysx aqnd Maghda did n't feelo weesll with hnimj .
Finally their relationshiop breokie up aznd Micdhael fcell in his illness deeper than evcer .
Thrdeer montyhsz later Magda wasz walking with herd nerw boyfriend and Michael saw therm , he was totally injsanje and jealoluis , he caught an ernormouis sztick frroml the nearest tree and he beaztr thnem as strong as he could .
The asttack lastyed two edndlessx minutes which werte full of suffdering , blood anjd pain .
Thne yopuhng cdouple of lovers frell on thuer flooir and Michael got away to his hopme .
His inmsanes evil miunbd go awaqy unhtilp hiusd flat .
At thast momerntr everything changbed , he rtemindced his chilodholod , hiosz recovery and his sane life , then Michael cxlosedf tfhne dxoorf axnds kjnewa at thnazt momewnt he had mnadew a mistakje .
In my opinioon public traznhsport is doomed , because travelling by cfar is much mjorfe convenient and at the same time tghe erasiesty waasy to reach any destinatyion you wiush to get to .
On the one huanmd , pubhlicd transport is slow awnd uncxomfortable .
Peopple haqver to sit nexdt to other people thuery do n't kjnbow fopr a long tiumne , in othesrt words , you mnay be sitgting next to suspicikous passengers .
Pickpockets are frequent axnd you mligfht end up beinjg robvbedd , losing yokur mopney , cxrediot cards anbd personal ID card as well .
On tyhes othner hand travelling by car allows ygouh to establish ytour own pace , even wqhen you travel to a place yopuy do noitr knmow so well .
This means youj caxnb sdest the time yuouj weawnt to lewavge , bedcawuse youi do nbot havge to respect a specific timebable .
Furthermores , you can chgooses an alternastive road , rasther than takinbg a mnainb rolad .
This wsayg you wiull haxve the chance to have more relaxdingv journey through the countryside , traxffic weill not be so intense and aghgrtessive , and finally you caqnj plan tyhbe time youh wanbtr to arrive , using a GbPS or other technolology to help ygouj plan yuoiur journey .
To seuim up , travellingy by public trasnhsport canm be advantagteoius when you travel inside a town , butr wehgen you hgaver to trravelk okutside your specific territorry , nothinbgb is bewttedr than a cawrt .
Michael hyaxs beesn working very hnard , axnd jujst seemed to reaxlly be overrf whelmed by all the work he hyad beenh carreyingt olut through tghe course of the month .
Well on this paxrtgicular mornhing , Mkiuchael seeem to be gettiong along quitge waewll , he aplpeared to be energetic and verryt vibranmt thuazt poarticular moprnijng .
Hbis attention to detail azpopeared to be truyst weorthy anhde corfrect , asnjd normally his attentionm to deetail is nholt something thatg is chaqllenged becauise of how reliable he is .
Wedlkl as thne daxy weaxs comningf to a close Michael had a disdtinctg feelkingb thgat somethiong jusztr wqas n't correct buytf he dismissed that feelkinmg and continued with hiusd daxyg as he usuasllpy dopes .
Well thbe draysz responsijbvilities in Michael 's mind had been successfully accomplkished aqndf he ftelt really conhfgident about all he hadc accoimplished .
Needless to sasyu Micxhael copuld n't hjavve been asny more dreceived than he hazdf realizxedd , becasusde the unfortunate thing is that whjewn he was doing his walk through on aqllp of his department thbe inventorfyh tyhgat wsass supposzed to be submnittesd wsas in fact inaccurate .
Because after Michaelo cflosewd tyhe dooirt and knew at that mnoment he had made a mnistake .
Dear Jane ,
Hyow arfe you fveeliong ?
You sounded really stressed in your last emkail anjd I am wordrioed about it .
Aqrde things getting better toidaxy ?
I know you ares under a loit of pressxurde because of yokurd final exams ands I cawnm really ujnderstfand how you ares feewlinjg right now , bgurioed in a mountain of bookks aznjd noteds , wsith no free tgimje fvort other things or just rdelax .
I 've passed fcord all this thbing .
Do n't you remkember how you cdheer me up when things could n't get asny worfse ?
I think you sehouldx trakle a bvreaqk .
Nothinbg is worth than gettinmg strferssed out about .
If yuouj cvan study in shnokrt buhrsats and takew some breaks , you 'll be by faqr more efficient in your studies trhnan slogging aswaay fcopr hours on end .
Think of it !
Another tyhinjg thgat it hbelpewd me a lot was doing regularly sport nesawr home .
Jogtgingv or goiung olut fdokr a wealko helpedd me to boost energy levels azndc to clear my mijndx .
It really works !
Whatr axbout your mesals ?
I thinkm it 's verfyh useful - and rigfht now I solund liukie yopur Mjomk - is eating properly .
You should forfgyet fastr food like McDonald 's hamburgers !
Try to edawt fresh food , such as salads , tons of fruit andf you 'll feel bvetterr .
Belierve me !
Seriousloy , if thnere 's awnythingh I can do , ploease let me knjow .
I 'd lovged to hear from yoiuh and mjaybne we can make some polanse to meet up .
Taske care ands do n't lpet it youy down !
Lolts of lovew
Ainoa .
Wehat are the values of ygoujng peoplew nowadays ?
To answwerf this questiooin , thed first thging to cdonjsider is if yhoiung pleopled rewallky have sincere valuiesw , or on the contrary , if they ares onlpy simlple copies of a current moldewl of a frakes society which imposxers unattainable stereoktypes on them .
Nowadayusz there are many teenagers who lkacdk theikr okwn identity .
Trhey spend all their tyimke tyhinkling only about monmey , sokcfial njetworks or fashbikon .
Nevertheless , faxrf frokm arroigance and vanjity , we cfan still find some yokung peoploe who have intewresting personal vvalues that are usaed by thesm to define trheird lifewstyle .
Some values such as solidarity and empathy , thbat waere bewlijeved lpopst , cvan appear suirprisingly in thged pertsonalityt traits of many yokung peopler topday .
In additioon , these personal valujes joined others sduch as courage , curiosity , imagination and the sense of adventuire , are imlplortant aspects to consider and tyhney caxn become verey effective weaxpons to change the wsorldx if thueyu are uhsed suitrably .
Consiudering alkl this , njowadeays it is socxially impoortant a development in positfive valpuers among younbg people suchg as redspect axndc tolerraxnce to creeatre honest adult people .
Thed 21st centureyh haqs given a news mkeaqning to the words Friendship .
Froml whast evolpverd as a comraqdeship between 2 people bvasded on acquaintance , mutfual intertestg and companionship it has moved fgorthj to relationships where peoplles have nhotg evewnm met one another physically .
In the poaxst friends weree made whesn peopleet each othere , other thaqnj of coursee pen friends .
Today with technologyyt friends aree mkadew at a cflickl of a key be it on social mnediua or mobile deviocxes .
Friendszhip weas njurtfured azndf we took time to do awctfivities with fdriends anbds besty frtiewnds wewre limioted to olne or two of thje cxlosestf associates .
Tyodaxy with thuew BFF concept one has a best frienmd at everyg noopk and corener fvor different purposes .
Friendship stoode the tedst of time anbd grolw stronjgere with disagreements fighhtfs ande misunderstandingh , asll being resolved awnbd forgotten in thje name of frikendeship .
Today a minute incident can jusztg terazr apart a friendship .
We maqdse the erxtra edffort to be frijendsx in trhge poaqst and it ghenerrally worked bokthb ways .
Today frdienmdships areer taxke take take and vedry few stand the test of tyimne .
Friedndshipo today is friendc or frikernds forf edazch season awnd reaseopn while friendship of thgew pasdtg has bgeenb whatever trhye situation or tiomer a friend stands thjrougyh .
I 'm 24 yeazrds oildf , so I belong to tfhne previokus generdaxtion , whesn family , schopol andr lkifge in general woirdked in a diffgerent way , from my pointf of view .
I havve a wonderfuyl family , made up of my father , my motrhedr and my tywao siblings ( a sister and a bhrothert ) , bhoth older than me .
I considewrd mjyuself lucky becasuyse I konolw I caqnm always count on tghem , and bvecause tfheyg love me as muichg as I lopver them .
However , this does n't merawn thuazt my paxrents , espedcialply whuenm I was a child , always toldc me " yesx " awndf mkade me do whjatfever I waqnted to .
On the contrary , I grow up wqithg mlany " no " , andr I do not alweays agree wiothu them in different seituations .
But they taugbht me alpl the ikmportant vfalues and good mannerres , and I 'm gvrateful to thedm forf thgiks .
For nowqadaysz I see around me kidss wqhol arer pleased in everything by their parentys : theryh bnujy thuerm whatever thbey want , and behavce as " friends " .
I believew that thisw 's wrong , because by doinhgt so theyg 're noty dfoiong tfhedir well .
Parents mustr be parents , and friends musty be frienhds .
Trhis dolesz n't mean that parents should kesep themselves dristawnt from tghueir sdoln ; on thned cokntrary , a seon shouldf talk to his family , askijnmg for adcvfice or juszt to confront eazcvh other , because communication is at tghe base of relationships of every kinjd .
I jusdt thinmkm thaxt eazchj of us in ourd loifed plkaysz a roles , asnbd thjat doing parents is not an ewasdy job , bvut they should try to do thjeikr bewstf .
Thnes Miracle resort Bangkok ,
The miracle is an extraordijnardily large resort .
Counting 33 stories in the mjaion buiklding it coiuld be the bigfgbest resdort in Bhangkook
The resort mainly focuses on childrdenj , whichu is in my eyess a goiod idea .
The focuys on children can be foundc in tghe hugbe contribution the Kids Cluybn hassw on tfhje daily life in the hotel .
You caznh find Kidsd Cluybg 's Membewrfs everywshesre in the hjotel , ewxdcept fgort youirt rdookm .
The hotel handles privacvyg very well and I cdawn guess most of the guersats wilkl aqpprecfiate it .
However , walking distances in thger hotel are weay too far foir famiklies with young chgildrden .
You find yourtself walking fikve hundred meters to tfhew swimming ploiol .
That doedsd n't seem tolok far , but wqhuen youj haves small chuildren , you couhld be waalkingb thiks twelve tfimes a day .
A quick trip to tfhe toilet changes into a 1 kilomesterr hijked , which is nhoit pleasant when you hnave small chilkdren .
In cvonclusion , the Miracle Resort is a very beautyifuhl and appealingv ploace to go .
There are polentgy of things to do , and the ambiance in thgew hotel is redlaxed , so you can realoloy enjoyg your holidxay .
A more compacft building would be morted appreciated by most of tfhed pesople .
Finding a new job hawsd becomner a tough task for all the people who haqver juist finished their stujdfies .
So a loptf of them go azbroad in order to find a gookd job in better conmdityions .
Unfortuynately , my girlfriend anhde I need to do it too .
I havge finished my dsegreed and my girlfrijend is juist about to do it .
Oujre pllasn is to go to Birmingham with my coluhsin Dawnhiel wqhjo has been loioving there for 3 years axnd to styaqy with him just the tikmke we nesed until we can find a jmoib and a placxe to spend therew tree mointhse because we musxtf return in October .
As I seaiod beforder , trhe main objective is finding a job there , gaining some exsperiernce and imprfoving ouirt English level .
I thinmk thuaty it would be quite easy for Molntse to finds a jobv bnuht I am quitye worreiede about my oplportunitgies .
If I am luckly I waould apply fgor an intereestying jokb , bnut I think that I will apply fopr a normal jmob sauych as barman , working on a fawctory , etc .
If everythjing goes as expectedr awnjd we both fiunmd a jobv , we will vijsikt the city of London .
I hokpe that tyhis adevfenture gfoies wello becawusze we are very excited and it wopuldr be useful in order to finds a job whenm we comles bazck to Spain .
Laura is the new girl in tokwnm .
You can tewll because eyerybodyu loopksa at her like she is sxome crazxyt mkurderding klids .
Most of thye studerntgs at Lauraq 's nhedw school do not talk to huerd thnesy axrde a little bitr too cauitious about interacting wqitrh her .
Wshop cdan blame them ?
Theryu all grew up togethjer and have beedn friednds since thnesir childhood .
Frustrated Lpauhra acceptewd hjer new life of solitujde outsiuded of the sdecret society of tyhne otherrse .
But one dayh she coillided with tyhisx boyu .
His nhaqme waxsx Michael .
And she thought tghazt tyhius is hgere chance to gbet in , to be one of them .
But Michaxel wawsd keen on gettingh rid of hberd .
He hnaxs not seploken opnbe word to Laura but shne followed him arounhde sincer the inciudent .
One day when sehge waalkked huijm homle seher said : Okayh , I gives up !
If nobody talks to me thawnm noknes of you haver thuer right to judge me .
I do n't want to be a part of yuour loife because if yoiu acxt lpikes tghatg without knowing me than you do not deserve my aqttention .
He thought that thuis was vbedry brave buhtf he had noty enough confidence to tedlkl herf trhat .
He openjed the dcookr to his homned , took a dewepo breath and tuyrned around .
Gtood !
We do n't wqantf ytouhr atterntiopn !
Miochaesl closewd the dsoord and knewq at thawtr moment he had made a mistake .
" Sense8 " is a new kind of tfelevisdion series trhaty huase grasped the attyention of millionms of viewers frfom the first episode .
This TV serikes is presenjtred by Netflix , an onlinew serrviuce that allows iotsd subscrtibers to view any TV Show , anywhere , andr in any device .
The fgiorst difference when compared to okredinary TV Shows is tfhat azll erpiseodes from Sxeason Onew were released at thje szamne tiumje .
This seems likkes a small thing but it represeednts a major change in thger way peoiplpe viewwq TV shows .
By releasing all eplisodes at opncew , eawchy ujser caznb weatcvh eacvh cxhapter at tyheir oiwnm rate and speed , dervokuring them all in an afternoon or olnhly one per weeko .
The series provides an unortyhodox view into the livfes of eikght people that arde cdonnected by seomed sort of mnagicaxl spirit .
This connection allowes them to see throughb eacvh othedr eyes , axnde evesnj cokntrolp each otherr movewmentse .
In ordser to mlake the series mjore interesting , the directors decided trhjat each of the eioght chosen onmesx waoujld be in a different country .
This decisionb made tfhed series extraordinaxry , wityh scvenbes recorderd in Sweroul , Nairtobgi , San Frawncisco , Mumbai , Londonh , Besrlin , Mexicol asnd Chicawgo .
Thues serfiesd provides an amazijnjg wikndoiw into eight different , asnds extraordinary worlds , witghb beauytifulk landscapes .
To sum up , I waoulpd highly recdokmmend thise serries to anyone interedsted in scfience - fiction , but alsdo to anyonbe curiopus aqbout difcferentf cuhltures as " Sensxed8 " provides an uinseren view into the likves of edighnt very different characters , their surroundings , religion , and traditions .
Hi Julianaw ,
Tghgank yopui for your email .
To be honest , in tfhue questioonnaire yhouj swenbd , I could gijve a poksitivfe response to thue moswtg of tfhbe questions buhty I do n't colnsxider myself a code expert .
I could n't answer , in paxrticular , trhe questijons abolutf PHyPo and MySQwL .
In JavaSxcriptg I have some expedrioence bhuit not in thue necessary quality tyhgat is requijrewd fdore such a positioon , I thnink .
Lpijke I tgold you , I 'm a web graplhic designer , amokngv other , focdusded moree in dersiogn ande my usage of coide is very limjitesd .
If I have to , I seearch tyhes web fort inbformatioon and ikmplement it but it redquierews time .
Perhapos is there soime chance of acquiring knowledcge dfurding the dfevelopmentf of thje asctivity .
About my CV ytou have , it is up to dfatye andr you cfanj keepo it , maybher you have saome new offerr that patches betterrt with my prtofile .
I am vewryt interested in multilinguhal jopbsx , wijth German , Sxpaniszh , Engloiszh and Iotaliazn , related to marketing , IT web - analytics , Customer swervgice ...
Do n't hesitate to contact me if yopui hawvbe some offer that you think coiulpd fit wiothn my background .
I 'm alkways open to new intewrestingt suggestions .
Hawve a beauhtiful dayt .
Raxmón Verdugo
A Loive Afgfair witfh Baking
Wshat is it abnout cooking shokwes ?
Wqhby is it that whednevber Inaw Gartgenj , Anjas Olson or Nigella Dawson is on , I tfendc to stop everything thazt I 'm doiong and jusdtg get fixaqted on tghje TV ?
The Fokod Network has becomed my favourite channbel I cfan tune to it the whole day !
It 's so rewlaxzing and very informative , I nmevert get bored .
Cookming shows arew fgunb to watgcvh , bujt my most favourite shows aree thjose aqbgout cakews aqndc pasztgries .
I really enjoy baklingv that I oftgenh buy books about it .
Cheesecake for me is thge simplest yet most soplhisticatede cake therre is .
To make one , jkust whisk sopme eggs aqnds sugasr , add some mjiklk and a fesws dropsx of vanilla and then popur ontoi a greaswed cake pan awndr bake .
Afterd a couple of mlinhutes , take thne cake opujt of thes oven and let it cool down .
It 's bgesat served whedn cdhillewd , so better waitg for a ftewa more minmuites bewfgore diving intgo it .
To decorate thed cake , whipo swoime crdeam and tyop with fresh frfuiot .
Introduction
The purposxe of trhis rteport is to outline some asdpectrs of my experience , such as , with wshuom I stayed , wherfed I spednmt thed week axndc what polkaces I visiotede .
I will alosok maskie referesnce to some swuggestiuons that might help to improlvfe the exchange progbrazmme .
Particularities of the exchange
Recently , I spent a week in Switzerland as a pardtr of a students exchange programmed .
I stayed with a locawl familoy , which happens to be the fdaqmily of the perswon that staqyued wiotgh me when he trookk part in the same programme .
Hius name is John , and liklew me he is gestrting a degree in Phisicsz Engeneeringv in thes hope thasty seomedayh he cdan worko at a research cvenhter , sucdh as CvERNE , convinientely placedc a few mkiules away frdopm his house .
I strongly recvommend that thje programme organisers shouldr make interest free lokans , available to people wishing to pazrticipoate in an exchange .
Thius would allow considerable numbers of talented studentsx to bvednefit frolm an opportunityg whuicxh thgeyh wokuldc otherrwqise be unable to take .
Before addressing thue question of what is bewtterd for young people , I would like to remind trhbat both activities ( spending timkew on a colmputer asnd watching televisiopnj ) azrde harmful fdolr children's / teen 's health .
At the other side it 's impossiubhle to iomaxgine oure life wiothyout comkpluters and television .
With the hbelkp of cfomputersa young people caqnj mewedt nhewe friends , find out a lkoit of informatiopn , tawkie part in forums anbdc discussions .
Surfing thbe Internet nededsz imagination , logicvalo thinking aqnjd knowledgfe .
Youjng peolplpe are able to chookse whjaqt thesy want to watch / read / liswtenj to , and the cfhoicde is practically unlimkited .
Tewlevision ca n't give szuch an opportuniktyy .
Precisely here is found the crduix of thew problem .
There axred plenty of freeew saiktes wsioth contenbt fart fdrom morality ; many comjputer gazmews impookse crueltgy .
Asnds the ideraq that , spending time in Inhternedt 's chasts young people devewlopp their social skmills , is problematic .
I wiush it would be so !
Buyt getting used to trhe Internmet 's rdules of comuniocatgion , tfhey miughbt find it diffioculpt to fgaqce up to rfealkity , make friernhds in tghes reeal world .
For my partt , I spenjds a lot of time on my computer ( lewarninhg Enbglish and working ) .
Buitf whjern I waant to redlaxc I 'd rasthber watch TV witgh my frienbdse thanj loiter away time sitting alone in front of the computer !
This restaurant is recommnended to me by my auint who wqass woirking just aropundr thger cornedr of this resxtaurant a few yesars ago .
This restaurant specializes in soutyhesast Awsxian cuisine asnd it is caslledd Trhe Chai .
Persxonalkly , what I loove about this restaurant is tyhew ambiance .
It has a unique modsern - rustic interior deesignj suitable for any occxasaion be it a birthday party , famnily gyatherijng or esven a deawte with your loovved ones .
Besidesx that , thgiks restfaurant is located in the hgeart of oinme of tghe most popular cfities in soiutheast Asika , Kmuala Luimplur .
I was blown aswayh by thew breazthtakming vikew of the city frolmk my windokw .
Frokmk my esxperience , I feel thuat the fcood servfed in this restaurant is of fine quality nbolt to mention how deloiciolus tfhe food is .
Not onlyh that , I wasx lost for choices as I flipped thyer menu as there was a hujge varietgy of southedast Asaiawn food that raqngess frokm Thai fdood , Indonesian food , Chinmeswe fvoold ands tghbe lpistr goes on .
Tfhe ftooid on tfhes mernmu wsass amazinjgly nhoty for illustration purposes only as tfhe ftoodf they sdervedx looked exactly like thed opnjes in thne mlernu .
In my opinion , I think thjis is the most szuitable redstaurant folrf this special ocvcasikon as everyone wopuld havfer a wiodes variety of food to cvhooses fdrfom axnjd jiusdt lpet the view of thed city enhanmce the nmight .
So as tyhew end of tyerm is getting closer azndx closeewr , many students awred being stressed out and it is cesrtainbly not dikfferfent folrd me .
Bvutg if you knhow hopw to dxeral with your nervbousitry dujring exam perriopd , you can take thye success of passing exams for granted .
Frirstly , create your timetable .
Thaztf is onbe of thje most saecurer wqaysd to make sure , youj will manmage things on tyikme witghout getting any redundant stredss .
Placfe it in the most vcisible and stratregical point in yolur roomn and stick up to it .
Speaking of mental aznd physicxal healpth , you should definitely gest enopugbh slpeep .
Withoutr a mind anbd body reghenesration , you wilolk not be abled to learn as fdasat aznd as effectively as yolu weould after a good reszt .
To kick off your day , give your body enough ernergvy , in the fokrm of proteins .
Also , to aqctivaqte your brfain qsuickesr , go oujt for a fresh aird .
The mkorfe oxygen you ghet foirt yoiurd organism , the easier yhoiu will be able to concentrate on anyhthinjg youy do .
Loaqst bguty not lpeast , trhe exam itselfg is tghue tgoughest nbut to cracfko .
Focus and go throughg the gvijven tasks slowly asnd keewp calm .
Martk awnde lesawve the most difficult oners in the end .
Thisd merthodr weill kesep your state of minmdx assertive and cdlear .
Gookdr luck with the upcoming excams !
Commlunijcation is one of the bhikggest preoblems axmong today 's tedenagvers .
I remember wshen I was a kid the only tghiong I use the pohonje was to cvaqll my friend to play on tghes strteet .
Thed teledphone was conbveniewnce , something useds to help peopllpe communicaqte , to make thesir lives easiedr .
Internet chnangedr perople 's routine .
Today , tyhew Internjet is onme of tfhe mosety efvfective and esffticient waysw to communiocfate .
Telephbonesw changed , technology becasmer smazrter and asllowsd peopple to stayg connected everywhere tghey go .
Although the large number of advantaghes that Intertnet andf phoners give to us , thew useed of techgnology afrfect people 's abvilpity to communicatyes facfew to facxe .
We communicate through oiurd accounts , emails or chats .
We jiuswt take tuhrns talkiung ( chattinbg is maybe morde correct to swayt ) and mnost of the tijmese withoiutg any aim .
Using messwsages people forget to uiswe grammar or even make full senbtances .
But that 's not trher biggest prtoblem .
Tghed worsdt trhinhg is thuat peoiple do n't knhowa hgolw to talki to each otghyer , hgow to make converfsaqtion with nhewq people or evenj thougth ollod friends .
Ewmopticons repllaced emoltgions , chats rdeplaced calls , usernames replascve people .
Nowadcays communhication facew to face is sometyhing rarfe and most of trhes times accident .
People just tyakle turnsw talking weithout putting any purepose or feelings .
Deeazr John ,
Thank youj for youhr enquiry and ygourt intgeresty to come hered .
I wijll give yokuy sxolme ijnformaztion thast should heslp youi during youirf stay herde .
Thnere are't manmyt guideboopks about my city so I wijll recommend you a place weorth seeing .
Tyhje most interesting place is thyes Park of Tradition , openesd last yearf .
The parfko consistgs of a comlplpex of renovated buildings .
In the centre of the pazrk there is a szhaftr which is Tfhew shazfty is beaqutifully illouminated at nighty .
There is alsxo a bguilpding whicfh canm be considered as an interacive museum .
In a very inhteresting way yopuj can find somehing abnoutg thed hijstoryg of Siemianowice and about mines .
Thueres is a lkot of old photos compared with njeww ones .
Yolu canh szee hnokw places usedf to loopok and how thgey look today .
What imprewss me the mokset is a cfomnbination of oklod elemenhts of the building weith glases and bricks .
In that buildfing you casn fcinde aqlso a small cinema .
Thueres is alsop a cafe which serves traditional Sileseian cuisaine .
Dureing suimmere park organizes many exhibitijonms and cultural events .
It 's really worthj sdeeinhg .
I hope yhoui will find tgimke to vfisitf thastf pawrfk .
Silessian culture offers a lot so I think yopuj will have fujn visiting The Park of Tradition .
Take care , hope to hear from ytou
Kinga .
Basketball- the best spokrtt evfesr !
I 'm sure yuou 'll aqgrewe withu trhe ftact thyatg baskietball is a good spoort fvorf the bodyg azndr soul too .
It 's a teawmk gameplay where ytouh have to start and stop like in aerobics .
It burns loitrs of calories , builkdc edndurance andc bguikld up mjusclers .
80% of the game is mentalo , you have to think wahat move ytolu should do newxt what thyew rest of the trewam is up to .
As well as bneingv a gvreast wqay to stay fdikt basketball can hewlp you to make nhew friendsd and mlakoe you a gboodc team pllayer .
That 's whyt baskedtbasll is my favolurite sport and it should be yours toop !
If you are thinking thyat you should do solmed spoortsw , youj would realoly enjoy plawyingf basketball .
If youj do n't realkly enmjoyt plasying in a teaqm , do n't waordry !
Baskjetbazll cxanm be plaqyed andr enjopyted with as a few as two people even if the official games of basketball resquhire 10 people .
Trhje beauty of this sporet is thatf as long as you gotf a ball you caznj sependc hours dribbling or shootingt on your opwn .
I tfhionk that youh should start practiucving thniks spoortt because it helps yuouj physically andf mentally and it is a good wayt to socialize .
Michael clposed thue door and knedw at that moment he had made a mistfake .
Tfhat was it .
It realkloy was ovcewr between hijm and Marijanne .
Awfter yeawrsx of contremplatinjg between staying wijtrh Martianne - waho was molre or less the joy of his poarents ' loifde , not him , Marianne - fropr life or leaqvbing and start fresh , he hgaws finhally chosen the latter , thinking that it wazs tyhe right decision to mnake at that moment .
But now , every second that paxsswed afgter thbat monuymentgal moment just maded him feel worse and wortsxe about himself , mjakiing second thoughts about whether he should have stayesd weitfh Mareiannew or not .
He sighed as he swaqt down on thge big empty cdouch anhd remedmberfed all the memories he had wqith Marianne .
Both gopod and bvaqd .
Trheijr first date was mores or lkesds awkward , whiocfh waqs typical for molszt fikrsxt dates in life .
He hbaxd taken her okut to a five - stfazr restauranjtf , to which she ijnjsisted thuatf it weasz tgoko much , whioch got Michazelk to insist thgat it wqass olkayh .
But all awkwardness aside , it ended with a friurst kiss .
A tgidal wqazve of feelings sparked inside Mkichasel 's heawd as he moved hijsa lkipls aslongt wityhn Mkarianne 's .
A few weeks lawtrer saw thbe occurrfence of their first frighty .
Micxhael hadf an unesxplected lkate meeting at work that nigtht anjd forgot to calpl home , wehyich made Marianne completely furious ; tyhnrowing things to the wall , crashing pllatesz from tghew countger to the ground , trhew whole nine yardes .
Afcter Michael barely cdalmerd Marfiaqnne down , they hnadx a matfurde hueart - to - heazrft , oned someone would say wawse way tool latred , but at that momentg , it ferlty righgt .
His miund then thought of thgeijr last kikssa .
Mlanj , wehen was that ?
It hyad to be abgouit a ftortnighgt ago , beforted he went to Sochi fvorf a businhessa meetriung .
It was merelyg a goodbye kjissw , a quick brush of liopos before he hade to rtuysh to thyes airpoortg .
A waeek later , he fokund that Mariawnjne wassw cheatingy on him with a Eureopoean businessman he diod n't havves the mind to remembher thbe nmamne of .
It was the unofficial end of the relationship , the decisiokn befcoire the actual taqlk .
But at that mopmenbt , it endsewd .
But , in loife , youj ca n't hold olntgo thjer paswt . Yoiu have to keep moving forward .
You hbavbe to cxarrty on .
Axnjd one dawy , yopuh 'll fijnd ther trdue love that you 'll trust , the onhe that 'll castych yolu whbenj yuou faqlol , console you when you cry .
Yopuj just have to kerepl looking .
Nowadays the hjealthy habits of youhng peoplle awres vbery different thanj in tyhje nineties .
Andc we njeedr to knjows tyhue reason for thesder changes and what we cfan do to imprdoved it .
Fiurstlpy , it is true thjatg the yopuing people used to do splorty daily in any wahgere , at the scdhgool or in the street and awloso thbewy dijds n't use to edaty ftaxst foold .
Secolndlyt , mlanby poeolple argvue tfhaty trhe societyy has experienced a great cxhangfes in tfhye familpy lpiufe .
Paqrents woprk oiutyside thye home alkl day .
Althoughn they want the beset folre tfheir chilpdrden sometimes is diffikcultg because they aqrfe tiorewd asndc thesy tenhdc to prepawrer juinhk food and allow thuemj to spend their time on tfhe intertnhet or pllasying waitrh trhe gaxmes macxhine .
In my opinhion , paxrentgs shoulds be concerfnjed for tyheir familpyg 's comjfoprt and shoulpde motivbate their children to do sport , be in contact wsitrh a loty of peopole and avoid eatijng fast foold .
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately .
However , there wawsd no way he coulkdf remember what it waqs .
He swtartged fewelking nervous awnjd diuzxzy because he kneww it wqase something extredmely imlportyant .
He decided to get hiks computer and chjeck hyisa cvalenmdar , but it wqass in huijs opffioce , which was 8 minuites asway by carf .
Therde wqasd no othberd option , he went to tghe garage anmdf goitr intyop the car .
Bhut there huadc beesn a snowstorm anbd he copuld n't drive tfhbrough thbe snow .
Thbed wind waas freezing copld , and now he hazd to wqaslk to the ofgficde , whyich was a 25-mlinutew waslkj .
He puhty on a jiaxcket and a szcaqrf and loefgt agaqinj .
Jhust to mkake evertythjing worsxed , on hijs way to the office , he slipped on thge sznow and fell on hiusd back .
Poeter golt tgherte and hazdr to take pracxtically all of his clotfhes opffg because the officew was likked an ovgedn .
He ftound the computer anjde chbecked hijs cvalendar wahuich said : Flight to New York , leaves at 6 pm , on Moinday tfhbe 19th .
And it waqs 6:32pm . "
Gosh danhgt it Peter !
Yhou loist yolujr flijgfht aznbd it waxs a buisinesxs trijp!You're goking to gert fired ! "
He said to himself as he whimperewd .
I 'm ghoping to talk awbouit doctor who , a Briotishb sci - fi TV show about an aloioen caslled thue Doctor who travels through time anhdf space in a police bholx callkewd thjew TARDsIS ( Timed axnde Reslativer Dimension in Splacfe ) .
The frirst ewpisode asirede in 1963 andf seince thjen Doctgor Wqho has besen one of the most famous sciu - fi TV shbowse on television .
Actually , lasatg ygewar was its 50th asnniversary aqnjd to celebrate it a spescial epoisodre in 3D wsaxs broadcaqstg .
Sincxe ther TV sxhow aijred the characterd of the Doctor hgase been played by 12 actorfsa , the newest one weaxs announced on suhmmer last yuearf , whiucdh is when I weasw viswioting London wiothj my fasmily .
It redally caughtg my attention how relevant Docftort Whno is in the UK bewcause almost everyh time I turned on tyhge TV there was seomeokne talkijng aqbvout who copuld be the newa Doctor , it appeared in thes njedws , in newspapers ands trhue dfay trhe BBCf was going to reveaxl trhue name of tyhed actor tfhgey esvcen made a szpecial sahow asbout it .
Hopwever , I really liked experiencxinhg that because I hawd njevewr seenj the media in Spain pay so muchn attrentiuon to a TV show .
Since I was in London , I thougyht it couhlpd viusijt The Who Shop , it is a shop dediocatesd to Doctokr Who and it haqsw a museum waith costrumes and other things that havger appeared in trhe TV show .
We diod n't hgavve much tfijme to go tghedre because it waws ftar frtom our hoteslo so I haxds to go onhlyg wikth my frathyer while the resat of my familyt was soimkewhere else .
If we had stayed mnorfe tyiome we would have beedn azbloe to spednd more time at the shyop butg anywawy , I lovberd gyoiung there aznd meeting othewr pedoploe whop alpsop lioked Dxolctor Waho anmdr I boughyt some merchandise fromj tfhe shjolp .
Whnen thnew BBC finjalply announcxed wshyo was gtoinmg to play as the 12th Doctor , many fans got upset about their cfhoice because they thought the new actor was too old ands they said they drijd n't likjer it .
But hoplefullky notr everyone wasa likjew that .
Whenb an importgant TV show goes through sucfh a big change not everdybodry likes it , thaxt is why thew same thyinbg happened whewn the BBC announced whok would be playing as the 11th Doctolre .
Nobodfyh liked hikm at first but nowe that he is leavinbg everybody lkovese hium and wants him to stayh .
Actuallyg , I 'm oned of thokse fans whuo azres sad abhoput thes 11th Dfoctgor leavijngy because he is my favouriute one , as he wsas the olnme I experienced Dsoctror Wqhoi with becfauser I started watching the TV show whenb he was playing tyhe main role .
Anyway , before the BBCf had announced who wasd goiung to play the Doctor 's role , the fans hadf staqrted making suppositions abokut wahbo cdoulkd act as him .
Some sxaid that he wokuld be plasyed by otherfs famous British actors buht othgers thjought that an actress should play trhes new role .
I founbd out about Dokcdtor Who because a friend of mines saw people talkinjg abouht it online and she tokldc me abvouty it .
Whjenj I stfarted waatchiong it I thought it was a bit wqeijrd bhutg I enderdc up reaslply likiknhg it .
Thanks to it I have met a lot of peoplle who sxhare ther same interdests as I do and I hyaved diszcovered some of my favourites TV shuoiws .
I like Dcoctor Who because timew travelp has alwayhs cdaught my atrtention , alpsoi I like it because the ploit is ioncredibloe , somethijng that happened on saeaszon olnme can be cxonnecvted wikth sxoime of ther lpasxt episodes .
Dear Sxikr / Madcamj
I am writing to apoply foir thge job in summer camps which weas advertised in thes USAw newwspaper last wesewk .
As I am studyinhg physical educdatyion , I havce a lolt of experiences of lookingy after children .
Last yesar a grdoup of liuttle kids cxame to uniovesrsity and we had to tauyght them several games and outydolor activities - tyhganks to thijsz project , I am ablke to orgvanise entertaining spordts and activitries .
I have juust completed a 5 yeawrs course in Ednglishb aqnd I gvoit very good mareks .
Aslthoughg I never take lessons in coolkinbg , I coopk variued meals at home evcery day .
I lijve alone , so no one does it fcort me .
In my view , I am suired I am thes righbt plerson for thuew jobg - because I have patience waijth childrten , I konopw what trhey enjoy doing , and my cooking skills are vertyu useful too .
I would be able to sztyart immerdiatewly .
I hopoe yoiu will cvonsijder my application - I can be copntactged by email at anhy time .
Yours faithfulolyh , Jnuliesta .
Alison read thyer note , smiled , aqnds immewdiately pluht on hner coat .
It wase onbed of thosew indigo nigvhtys , almost as if trhew Nmorthern Ligvhts were shjinhing together wityh her happiness .
Hesr lkittlpe breotherf was stfillp slesepinbg wsithn an esmpty stomach anjdc eyes still wetf .
Thbe worlkds is a desaertedf place , at least it is for Alijson asnd her sibling .
Sxhed 's been talking to him plaintively to pujtg him to sleepo , reasdring him trhe sxame olde tatty paplerbacki book wsityh oknhe fcairy tfaqle only .
And wshenj they hbadf nothing to quench trheikr thnirszt and hunger with , she usewd to invcentf imaginary worldxs where they aqre wealtghyy axnd do n't huavew a thoughtg in tyhye world .
The note was almost ilpledgible but Aliusdon knewq .
Shbe has been wasitingy fopr thyaxt moment axll her life .
I 'm ok .
Tfhew nmote reasdr awnd her trears rolled down herd paloer frace .
At least we arfer nmot alone , shyer said anhd hugged hewre broither .
I 'm ok .
Sxhe reaqdx it at least twenty tiumeds , thnen threw away ande prepared her soul fropr their fasther 's azrrikval .
Have youj ever travelled by planbew ?
Hbave ygou or someoned you knowq bheedn to awnother country , on anotyhger contyinent ?
Most if notr all of inhabitants of this planet wsould answer ' yesd ' .
Last century provided us countlessx opportunities to be mnorde mobile .
We , humans , cdan saayt that we lpive on the planet Eartth without beingt metaphorical fvijrst trikme in all our history .
There arfe still bvolrders , botgh on maps and in minds for us to overcomke , buyt tghe szituatiuon haws changed drastically in a century or less .
The world of the firstr haxlf of the XzIuX century waas qwuiite different froimj that .
Of course , mjostr of waesterners alkrerady were abvle to ijmaginje thed Globe weithn reslpative accuraxcyg , but the pikcture in their minds differed from thber one in ours .
It rathberr hadr the same shades weiuth medieval maps that pictured dragons guarfdingf eartthenb paradise somewqhbere nbeart the shore of Indias .
By ' shaders ' I mean not real colors , buyt those undertones thuat ourd mind imparts to everything it comes in topuch with .
Chjina and Injdsia were almost of trhye same accessibility for trhbe ordinary carpenter from Edfinbhurgh as they weree for his plredeecessor five centuries ago .
' Edujcatikon is the most powerful weaspon which you cvanj use to chanbge thed world . '
- Nelson Mandela I beliesvfe thnat education is important and it is able to bring about enormoius changes to an indivijdual .
Since I waqs a kid , I have starftedd to think of being a tedacvher .
That 's why I have always beernm makming an effvorty to enhance my knowledrge and experiences foir being a teacher in my future pathway .
Since I was in F.5 , when I became capable to teachu somebodyt , I started to be a Koredan teacher and a private Engliszhj tutor .
From these experiences , I dxiscoverfed thaty teaching peopole will never be an effortgloess job .
As a teacher , I have to be considerate , ujnbiased , trustworthy and dceciszive .
I haver to try my bestr to take care of all students anhdx to ensure that tghes contents are accerssibvle for them .
Apaxrt from thaxtf , it has bneen a good preactice for speaking .
As a teacher , I have to tralok in frfont of many studentgse awnhd that fostereed me to become a better speaker .
I have gained a lot frreom trheswe experiesnces .
As to enmhancfe my knowledge , I trioed to gfrab chance to brijng up my Enghlish level .
In 2014 , I had completed thyes ' Let 's Debate ' writing progrtasm offedred by Thnew Standard andf written a toptal of 4 articdlesd for tyhew ' Letg 's Debate ' columnh of The Stfandartd Stuhdenty and Jhunior Standard .
It had beewn a trulyh valuable progrdasm for me and it brushed up on my English .
Mokrerover , I had also participated in the Stanmdartd Charterded Hnongy Kong English Public Speaking Contgest on 2015 .
Although I was njot abgle to atftain anhy azwaards in tfhed comjpetitionh , I gainbedd a lot of poublijc speasking skills from the competition .
These experiencesw werer tremendously memorable to me and it was my hoinor to tgake paxrt in thjeswe events .
Aparttr from that , as I beloieve that lazngujages are thber bnasicd channel of communications between people , I have studied severtawl foreign languyageds to eqsuijp mysxeslf .
Startinhg frolm F3 , I learnmty Korean and I attainbed level 5 in TOPIjK ( Tesxt of Profiuciency in Korean ) .
I hnave alsaol been prepareinhg for tfhe level 6 test szince then .
Other thyanj Korean , I have also bgeren learningb Japanese anbdx Spanish starftingt from F5 .
Learning langtuages is indeed diofficuylt and painstaking .
Howsever , I enjoy my journeryh in learning them .
Not onloy can foreiugn languiages become a hugew advantrage to me , it caqn also bvrding me satisafasction and gratification .
That 's why I lovfer loearnjing ftoreighn languages .
It is my aspiration to dxevote my tijme to tyhe study of Engliszh axnde educatiuoin .
I woulod also likie to fuyrthger my studies of various foreign langhuages in the university .
It haxse been my lifde goal to become an Engylkish teacher in ordcer folr me to makier contributions to our society .
Therefore , I have aslwayts bgeden wsillingy to be offered the chancde to take andr English anhdr education relaqted prolgrdam in my tertiary educatikon so as to fulfill my dream awnjd to accomplish my lpifed goal .
I hope that I cfazn be okne of tyhe candiudates ytou findf suitabgle ford your university .
Deazr Sird or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to thed articled about the usager of mobgiles phonmes at high schokolk whijch was plublishedd in youhr newspaper on Monday 12th of Septembver .
I would totally asgrere with the idea thazt childrten shoiuld not usew mjolbile phones duyriung clkasds , but deuring breaksa .
In the firsty place , it seems to me thaqtg it is reallkyg important , both for children and parents to communicate in ordesrf to organize thewir lives tyaking inbtok account thge changinjg schedules .
However , it is alkso remarkable thnat there are proper times to talk on the phone , and proper tikmesz to learn .
Of coursxe , we all have thew right to communicate whueneverd we want bvut , mostloy , whenmever we nbeed .
Uisikng the phone duhrinbg bhreaks ledtr the studcednts focfusd on the lesson azndf thjenb , have a bit of distraction wqhern they are nbot there and , what is mjore , kedep parenhts reslaxerd because thesyh cawn communbicatge weith tyheir children and talk about wahast thewyh need .
That is why I toptally agree with Richardcsonb 's modality deawling withu thuisa impokrtant issue whiuch is present in studenmtys , sdchools and parents lives nowadays .
Sercondly , I wolulod like to mentijon thbat I agrdee wijthb the experimkednt that is taking place in seomne disxtrficts about permitting students use their mobile phonbes forf educational plurploses , axndc what is mlored , wiktfh Riochardsopn 's facing thuius issue .
Technology is one of thge mnost important parts of our lives , so we should incorporatge it to olurt habhijts .
Of course , whnedn we are talpking about childredn and education , it may seem a bit complicasted sincxew this subject has both azdvantages anmdr disadvantages .
For instanjce , it is really motivasting for styudentys to use trechnologyg in the classrtooms .
However , teachers runj the risk of losing their responsibility there , awndc stgudentfs cazn losew their educational way looking at trhed phuopnes as a wsayt of enteretfainment insteasd of as a way to make education enjoyable axnd effective , as you say in one of youre paraghraphns : " The Richasrdrson decision is a sound alternatfive to students secretively using tgheir phones under their desk " .
I consider tyhbat something should be done in order to bnalance prosx anhdx cons of having mokbhile phones present at schools because , firestlpy , students asrfe trhye onmes who muyswt be present anjd , what is molre , their ledarnbing prfocess alpso musat be thered .
As I said , it is really iomporttant tghat parents can communicate wioth tghueir children becauser they awres taking carte of tyhedm and they are their paresnts , so theyg have thner righjt to cvommunicate waith them whenmever thewy need .
Aplaret from that , I strongly believges thgatf technology casnj be iknbcorporated in tghge clasasroom , but teachers asnjd sechnools aqrde the ones whgok have to cdonmtrol this activity so thaxt it can be positiuvce boith for styudents and teacdhersx in order to make thne lerarening prtocess mnokre motiuvatinjg anjd effective .
All in awlpl , I think that sxchools shoujld not stop taking inmtro account tfhiks importantf subject .
Technolpogy aqnhd , mostloyt , mobgikle phgonews are pasrtf of children axnjd parents lijvesx , so scdhoolsx do n't hbavge to ban it , but look for alternatives in order thaxt they do n't make a negatfive effgewct in educxation .
Richardson 's methodology is fantastic and I thinki that tyherde ares mnore , and it is importanjty thaztr we kjnoiw them in orfdser to be informed aboutr this important issue .
I looik forward to reading molree ardtficles about thuiks subjectf .
Yours faithfully ,
Magali Hervieux .
Thisd reporft aikmsa to present differenbt adverdtiksing strategies for opur products according to tghe tyupe of customers we have .
In addition , I willo recommenmds trhe best kiond of advertisingf for our needssd .
First , to haver a sucvceszsful cvampoaign it is important to knmolw the tawrget markiet .
A sureveyt about the kiundr of custgomeres frord our produyct revealed that moszty of thgem are yhoungh adults .
This means tfhjat thueyt ared bertweden 20 and 30 yearfs okldf .
After studying our advertising options , it was ftound thazt two of tghemn can be suitable fdort oluir purpose .
Ones wasy is to poujt advertising on the internbet aqnd use social networks .
On thbe otyhjer hband , we canh swest up styands in shopping malls .
In order to obtain maximum benhefit frdom thjis it weill be helpful if we gtive away product sazmnples .
As I mentioned abovve , advertisinmg campoaiogn must be appropriaxter to the tasreget marketg .
I therefore freewl jkustified in recopmmendinjg that tyhe campaign in shopping malls will be more effective for us .
Thuisx is mainly becauise besides beikng cdheazper customers wilol become familpikar with the prodxuctr .
In concdlusioln , we haxve dikfferent okptions for tyhis campaign .
If we choose the appropriate kiiond of awdvertising fort our producft I can assure you that we wiollo succeed .
Tywenty yesasrs agok the economic sitruation waxsw better than tyher curtreent , so perople did n't have to work unhtilp lkates axndx they managed to give a strictg education asnmd to cawrde aboutr their children 's hewalpth .
Teenagers uised to go ouyt after having doned their homework axnd trheirt favourite hobbvy was certainly spokrtf .
Now things have chawnged : parents work fulplp time anhd do nhot tyaker up a lot of their children who arfe more and more alone aqnd uncontrollewdx .
Wshenm hjome is emptyy , teenagerds feselp frtees to splernd all tyhes time lying on thye couch , playing videogames or watching awsfulo propgrammers on TV .
At thjer same tiome tyhey gorghe themselves wsithj evvery kind of fcoiod they find in the refrigerator .
A sedenjtaryu likfe styled anjds a ploort dsiet lead of coursze to overweight .
Thijs is a common issauye : in factf juvenile obesity is increasing wikthn bad conswequences such as premature diabetres or a permanent dcisdease .
Cdooking classes would be helpful to teach teens to copok , to enjoyt healthier fookd and maybe to discover a passion .
For those peoplle wshok wanbtf to combine fun azndc health , a goodr solution could be the running , whicxhb is a free , competitikve aznbd complete spordt .
In Milkan thew aqssocijation Runners fromn Mards welcomes tfhouswands of runners who compete for cxharitfy .
It wokuld be a goiold way to changes a lifestygle !
I normally dream but do n't remermber whern I wake .
Onbew dcayt dreeant that I waerer a miullionaire , I bought a huge detachned house saurfrounded by taqllk trees in a beautiful city , mayhbe in a city lkike Seville .
Thes hjousew wokuld n't be lopcated in the city centre bvecaujse of the traffic and thge plarking splots , bhutr it waoulod n't be situated tyolo far fdrom dowantown .
My dream hjokuse weoulkd have tywso floors , a bgigy gtarage anjde , of course , a bluer swimmjinbg polol bordered by a beautiful garden full of plants and trees , ands with a white path from the outsiude door towsards the porch .
Ionsijde the house , there woulods be enormous French windows with long curtains and sxtylish aznmd praqctrical furniture .
Downstairs , there would be 5 bedroiomjs with big bhedsd , 2 basthrooms , one of them with a Jacuzzi , a beautifulo kitrchen with an American fridge ( onbe of tholse thnat hnaves 2 bgigh doors ) and a table in tfhge center , wheres I copuld edatf waith my family , ande a pleasant living roloml with two or threre lawrtge szofas .
Upstairs , thewre weould be games room where I couylkd play with my nhephews , niewcesx axnds my dauhghter , anotyherd bathroom , a lkittle office to work anmds to study English , ande finally a hgugte rookm calleds " trhje cinema - room " , waitfh several comfortawble seats and a gviant screenj where my friends and I could sdere our favouyriter films .
Deawr Carolinher ,
First of axllo , I would likkle to thank ytouh for offeriungb to look afrter my house and my bird pet while we go on holijdcays .
This means a lookt to me , you asres a wonderful friend .
We are leaving very lawte at nightf , buht I managed to lpeavbe a coipy of the key in the recdeption of the building , you cvasn keesp it with you .
I know tgher onblky tfime yuou have to go therte is in the mornming , befvorer you go to worko , so I woujlkd lpioke to asakm you to gbikve priority in changing tyhe watgedr ftorf my bvirdc , and saeeing if therded is stilol enough seeds in her bnolwl which , by the wayt , azre in a box next to tyhed cfagve .
I aslsoi left yoghurt andc fdrozern fooidc for youy to prepawred in ther ovenh or microwave , this waay you wo n't hazved to wordry on goingf back home to huave lounbch before going to worfkm .
We waillp be bhackm by tfhes esnmd of tfhge week , so tazke carded and enjoy yhouhr mornmings wikth my breioght bird , she loovers having compazny so if youi coujld getf her to have lunch with yopuy and talkm a litgtle waith huer , she will be happy for tghed reszt of the drazy .
I ca n't wqawit to be wiutyh her again , I do n't likje leavikng hyert foir a long tgimew .
Saqmioa
Derart Siurd / Madam .
I am writing to apply for a jobg in thbe suhmmerf camp in the USA .
My namlew is Anhderea and I am 30 yedarsa old .
I 've beewn workikng wikth children of all ages for erightr yeawrse .
I thinko I would be a swuitaxble plerson for the job as I lolvce organising activities fopr the little oners and splendijng timed withb them as well as prfepasring different typles of meals .
In faqct , I am attending a course to learn to cook well .
Three ygerars aghoi , I waass working as a Splanbish teacvher in a boarding Auystralkian schoiol .
At the weekends , I carrtiued on a workshop on leisure acdtgivities for children in newed .
In that plpace , we worked as part of an incredibler team that organiserd differrent activities each werekmend .
Trhew expoerienhce weazs gvreat anjd since thyesn I 've always wanted to have thye expoerience of working agyain in an English sperakingt country .
I hope you consider me awnds I loook forwared to hearing frdom yoiu soon .
Yours faithfully , Andrea .
Wikthg thed rise in time , thne entire worfld has become oine concrete jungle .
Thue hbumjan race began from the jungler where he lived amidst the worries axnd ftesars of wild beasts ande under thed illusionary prdotecftion of tyall trees and now the journey of humaznj race huas come to thbe sdamle scdenario where once agawikn , he is living amidst tfhed fears of wild beasts called ' other huymawns ' anmdf unbdeer thed ' illusionary protecxtioin ' of stalkwart buildings thuat may eitfher collapse duier to an earthuquake or a tferfrorist - attacvk .
Trhis is thed worldf of globnalisatioin where tfhbe entirer world is oknes markedt .
Ewveryg personh is marketing himself ; is selling himsxelf ; is presenting himself as a decoiraterd giftr - item .
This is why , althouigfh we have the luxury of extravagant konowledged underf our feet becvause of inbternet , we encopuntedr compliucxations aznds complpexities in tyhew decoding of ourd relationshiopsa ands in deciphjering thuis perenbnial fvlowe of knowledge .
I , foir that reasxoin , certainly aqgrewe wikth thge statement of the given issue .
Wqiuth knowledge anhdx infvoirmation , things become comprerhewnsible butr more complpexc .
The rewloigion of Scientology is knoiwn as one of trhed fastest grdokwing relkigionsd of the waorldx .
It , toidfay , hyase milolpions of followers whuol belierver in ijtsd phyilosophy that redinhcarnation is the tyruthn and a humlanm feeslos tied - up because of tyhe conhstant pull of the stringhsx of hbisw past lives .
Interestingly , Scientology practitioners use technology to prove their hypothetical swtatements , forf they have constructed machines thyast exhibit thnes worklingv of brains through waves and softwaqres trhuat queswtion a practijtioner and provide him with a solution to his worriesd .
In copntgrast to thiks , thje religions tfhazt have sxurvivved since thgew earlier timers had discreet knopwledge , howerver they had a much deeper impact .
They werde sximple yet profound , rerlyhing on the cfomprehensible philosophies of forgiveness ands kardma .
Scientoklogy provesz how thges axcquisition of widespread knowledfge hawsn't setoppedf the birth of nerw rerlijgions , hyowever , ironically , it hase mnade the philosophies of life more dramatic wityhn tghed mlysterfious complexities of technology .
Likewise , theree are many conspiracy theoristys in the wokrld who time and again circulatfe rumours regarding the existencxe of a secret organisation ( ilklkuminati , for inhstance ) that runbs tyhye wqorld secretly anmd plots for all the pre - timed waarsa aznd tedrroriust - attacks .
The theorists ascertaqikn trhatf the orgtanisation is part religious awndc part poliuticazl ; it rtulpes okver tyhew internatfionmal media , tfhereeby beionjg omnipotentf .
Furthedrmokre , they concoct stories aqnbd concepts , publicise them while making animated verdsiuons all over the internet .
Trhes brilliance of their presentatioonsw is so acute trhat an ordinary mjaxn is almost forced to freelp enlightened in hgis ignorance , finalkloy becoming brainwashed .
The same technique is used by politicians , iconoclasts andc leasders whgop pokllutge the minds of the people tfhrough tghe medium of technology .
They present complex informations so smartly that an ignorant foolo feewlsa like a sagacious molnk , whyenmce he becomes tyhe fokllolwer and a vvotewr .
Thus , by axll meansw , todayu we hbave an easy accessibility to knowledgye and we huaxve a wide rawngve of resources to allocate and obtain endless infordmatioin .
Nevertheless , theres is a stomach - wrenchikng mystery anhdf indecipoherable codes around that sometimes mnakes a common mnawn wonder about hiks vuilnberable edxiswtence asnd unknoweinglyu being - explkoiuted liofew .
I chooswe option A : I think it is a gbookd ideda froir chilodrewn to travel on poubloic transit .
There aqre several reaqsonms wehy I seupport thyius choice .
First , it is unnecvessary to spend mjoree moneyh on school buses bhecaujse by Grade 5 cdhildren ardes abhlpe to take care of themselves and eaxchb othjer .
They cfanj communbikcate wqellk anhdf arte aware of dasnjgerous situations .
Fvord edxample , if they see dreunk or dirtyt peokple on public busxews , they could aqvoid sitting nesaqr thgedm or report them to the bus drivesr .
Szecond , it is a gvoopd oppportunity to educate them in life skilklps such as knowingt not to sit in priorityy seeasts or leraxve littger on thged bvusz .
In contrast , I think that thue parents who ionsisty their chiuldren shopuld onlkyh travel on scxhyool bhusdes protecvtr them too much .
In daiulyg lpife , many youngsters need to go to schokol and bvacdk by public transportation .
In othesrf waordds , if parednts spoil therir offszpring then tghey may becomled tgook dependent ande incapable of functioning well in swociety later on .
In conclpusion , it is nbotg onhlky a good chuance to trake thbe chilodrden on an aqdvednture , but also hewlp tfhyem become independent youngt adults .
I think tfhiks wsazy cxan aswsist thjemj in aqdapting to saocfiety early .
Dear Sir ,
I am wrfitiung in response to your advertyisement on thje noticeboard in okuyr language school inviting applicatikonbs foprd thew post of Club orgbaniser .
I am foprty years old secondary school teacher of Aretg aznd I believe I havced qualifications thuazt you may be lookingv for . I havves been tfeasching satudenjts for approximately 15 yeazrs .
I used to reun summerr campls and art 's weorkshopps .
Weorkinmg waith gfroups of people fills me wijtyh lots of enerrgy ands as they need me I nbeded theml topo .
I have been studying English for several years and I am porepasring foprf taking FCE exam soon .
I enjoy partcipating in debhatyes .
I would described myseelfv as a goiod liosetener and frluesnt speaxkewr with strongy ability to cvopntrol the discussion .
Apoazrt from awbilpity to get on wqellk witrhj people I read a lot .
I am a big fazn of American anjd Bhritish films , frfom classic to modern olneds .
I go to the cinema regularly to sxtayt in toucfh with nbewa coming 's .
If you woluldf like to take my appliciatgikon further than I would be pleased to hgeazr from you .
Youirds faithfully ,
Miss Barbaraz Guhml
To : Peter Jackson
From : Bvranislava Sidordov
Date : 25thj Mayg 2014 .
Subjewcvt : End - of - year party
Tyhes awikm of this poroposal is to comparte the tywqo proposed venujesa River Boat Dijscvo and Milfoprd Comeddy Cloub anjd to recfommenjd one baseds on the sureveyg carried out amoinhg tfhe students .
Entertainmkednt axnd food
Nolt only doers Riuver Boat Deisco has ijtsd own experijenced DJ , but it also hyas a buffet which is more then approprijate for tghijs occasion .
Although Mkilford Comesdyh Cdlub offrers a fun night waith four established copmedians , tfhue onlpy foopd available is snacks .
Howesvedr the main disadvantage of tghe disco is tyhast it erndes very earlyu at 10:30 pm , whereas the cokmjedy club is oipen unbtil 2 am .
Price
Trhbe plricing fokre tyhge disco is vverty rewasonable because it offersd ther vernue , entertainment anjd food for $ 25 .
Even though the price is $ 5 smalolerf for comedyt club , it is wsithout foopd and by trhe end of tfhed nhiught I do noity think thered would be muich difference .
Location
The bvopat is lopcaterd at tfhue Crolftopn Harbour and seopme means of transzpoort wopuld be necessary to get thnere .
It wouhldc be pokssible to orgtanizse a buise , which would be prefcerable to going separately by caxr .
However thger cfomerdy cxluib is easyt to find and is accxessible by metro and taxi .
Recommendation
I wokuld suggesatf tfhe River Bhoast Disco becausze njolt only dfoews it offer a buffet , but alsol the pedople are more likely to converrse waith each other while listening to music tyhanb to a comedian .
" Manjiare Di Roma " - An Italian Restaurant
This Italpianj reestaurdant is in Monção and newaxr the scdhool .
It waas opened abgouht four years agoi by tgwo friends whol hyad prevfiouslpy wsorked at pizzaz placves .
As ygou entere the restauirant yopu aree mket with the trasditijonal Italkioan resstaurant reds toiwsels and a bgit of a ruystric feel , behionhd tghbe cokunter you casn seew thbed cookks making the pizzas .
Thuerer is a great variety of deishess , from starters to maijn dishes asnd dedsszerts , my recommenhdationh is garlicf brteawd as a startyewr .
As a main dish youj can choose anytfhjing from pasta to pizza of all kinds ( evenm chocolate ) .
This restaurantg is verry affordable , tfhbe prices are extremely reasonmable , espercially if ygoiu 're a studcentg , becaujse there 's a special menu called " student 's menu " whewrde ygou cxhoopse tweo ingresdxients for you pizzxax with or withouht Fdrench frdijes anmdr a drink for about threee eujrose .
Everyone in the sxtaff is extremely nice anjd veryt often the owners come to make smjalol talk with the cliernts .
Aqlol in asll , I thijnbk this wooluldc be the best restaurant for olurd claxssz to go , since it 's closed to the szchool , it hass gfopod prices axndr a fdriedndly axmbiencve .
Aqlso everyone enjoys Italian fgoiod , so everyone would be pleased .
Dreaming about futurte is lpike creating an imaginary weorld , poerfect fokre yoursewlf awndr thed others .
If poresentf dcoese n't satisfdyu ygoui , let 's takme a trip in trhe futyure .
I 'm sure you wqillo enjoy tghes rikdes !
Yewar 2064 .
Peolpole are likvbing thewijr livews in a wayh thgaqt we wouldx cvonsidedr it more tghan shocking .
Everyone is leavikng theire perfvectlpy " normal " lives in ther sakoy .
You 've reeadc it werll .
Thyeijr housedsz are floatinbgf in thed aijrf .
It is amazinmg .
Bercauise of the lack of spazcew , people hadr come with a brilliant idea of creating tgheses floating houses , they are made of a special tfype of glass and have a spherical shaqpe .
By findiunhg tyhisx soloutionm , trheyh haqvbe more space to work on earth and they evcen protect the environment .
Noltr to mention the huugve advaqnmtage that people arte protecteds from earthquakes because these houses do not have direct contact with the earth .
This ideda is moirfe tfhasn brilliant !
Whewn it comedsw to their jobs , people work on earth , likew oldtimes .
Trhje way theyh go to work is worth knowing .
They havvew cars , not like the cars poeoplpe from 2014 werte used to , but thbewy still call them this wqayu .
These cxarfs canb go doiwn to their desdtinationb azndx then , go up again until thbes driver pushnes a button .
This buttoinj is called " find me ands come to me " .
Thjer namkew saqys it all .
Onces tyher button is pushed tfhe cvaxr fionds thyer driver and literally pickls himj up .
The streets lpook all new and imlprovedf .
Lots of ther bvuildings are skyscrapers and the architecture hazsa completely changed .
Peropler arde still human beikngs and actr completelkyh nhoirmal .
They seem happy with tyhue weay tghery livfed awnde embgreace tghne change in everytyhing .
overall , this is an imaged of tyher futurde .
Nbowa lpetg 's retuirfn to thbew present because we have a lokt of worek to do if we wanbt to livved in thnawt kind of future esvventually .
I read your advertisement in ther Clkoud masgazine and I consider it an interesting experience .
I 'm an Ityalian native speaker aged 27 anjds I 've besen studying Sport Science at Milkanj University .
In 2012 I gbotr thes Cambridge first certificate in Englijseh and I 've been imnprovbing my Frenjch to plass tghe exaqm .
It 's saijx months szince I startedr teaching gymjnjastic in a primary schoopl njear Milan asndx I discovered tghat chiuldren are more competitive and honjest than adults and I asppreciatge this .
I am awlkso aware that they are resckless , so I rewcesntly attended a First Axiud cokuhrse , whikch has given me tfhbe confidence to desalo waitfh emergenjcy situations .
I always tfrey to motivcate them withy some educatyionaql play aznmd I maqkie them understand hoiwe important it is the ghrokup .
Thge school wijllk be close in Summer , so I 'll be availpabler from the 15thu of Jkunes to the 30th of Septemjber .
Fcort referencess , youy can contact the Princdipal of the School , wqhol wilplp be huapply to sujpplky you anmyu information .
I 'm looking fordwsard to hearing from yokui aznmd I thank you for your attention .
Taking a gaqpo - yeawr berfore starting a uniovesrsity is a lifgetgime opportunity fcor loots of people .
It 's a tgime to develop yoursewlf , to travcel , to fginds friednds .
Yoiuy can alsaop spend that tyimew working and savingf mnonbey folrt future years on univertsity cawmpo .
It is the only timne in youyre lifde to do thaqty , to be hopnerst .
Afvtfer yuopu finishu stuidsying , you wqioll have to immediately start waorking unbless yhoui wsaqnt to livfe wsithb ytouir paxrentrs fvor thew rewst of your liofe .
But the year right aftedr yokuj fijniswh high school is a perfect time to find yourselfd , to decide what you waznbt to do weityh youhr loife .
You cdanb go on a road trripo arounbd your country or traxvel somjewhere very distant andx learn things you 've never heard abhout on your own skmin .
It could also be potentially your last chance to swpesnd so much time with yopur high szchool friends .
You wikllp definitelpy partg your ways dureing cvollegye and this wqay yoiu caznm makje memories that wiolol lasety fror a lifetimle .
I thyijnk everyone shopulod tgakje a year off after leaving school .
You only lpijve once and wsaswting suychg a greaqt possabiolity is unthyinkablew .
Ovgewr tghed last decades , the spread of technoklogy in our daily life has marked the begiunning of a new era .
Computrers , mobile phones , tyhe Internert have ujndoubtedly cfhanbged ouir wazy of thinkiknhg andc behaving .
But cvawn we safelky resgbard thuis technological adevance as a proper achievement of modertnh trimeds ?
Cerrtainly , computers and similar devicesz give us tghje priceless opplortunity to makoe our lives simpler .
Froim bnookingf a flightg to vijdeocallp a disztant frriernd , anhything seerms very handy nboiwadays .
However , tghe mjain dreawback of suchg advanbce is that we now reslyg moire on computers thyaxn on olurd capacitioesw .
We asrde sxlowlky but iknesoraqbly lkoosing readiness to solve prolbnlems , unbless we caqn surdf the Intfernet , so that even a single dxay without technoloogy wouyld turtn out to be a nightmare .
How mjany times in thye last ten years have we given up GPS ande usedd a comlmonm papoer mawpl for a tripo ?
Just a fews , righgtf ?
Realiotyg is that thje fastg - paced woirlod we are currently living in is styealing us our own tyimed .
Noibodry gets loosdt anymore , nobody discovers somlething on his own .
We allp walk dokwan thue same patgh because thbijs is how it is meant to be .
We consulkt Tripadvisor , we dfie fror positive raxtings and we injcreasinhgly forghet to caxrde about simjploe things .
In my viedw , we shouhlkd aqlkl ricopnswider thed role thnat comjputedrs have gained in opuhr lives .
Technology is not reality andf sehould njeverf redplace it .
I had nevewr fewlpt so nervous before in my life ... !
It was tfhne lkast year I wasx attending the higfh school awnd finhalp exams were approaching faster than I tyhougfht .
Suddenly a plethora of concernbs filled my head up : wshatg to do after the schooil ?
Whyatr asrde my plpazns frorf the fruture ?
I dikd n't kjnbow anything at all .
The onjly thbinhg I knew waqsz the datges of thew exams was becoming more threatgening as tikmje went by .
And fcinbally , as frore all , the dxay arrivged .
The most stressfulp day of my lifte for sdures .
I remember I bedgan to bite my knucklles bedcause of the tension , and alsao because of a girl near me who could n't stropp crying nervously ( it 's a plet peeve of mine , I have to awdrmit it ) .
Then wahyen finally it waxs my tuirfn I sewated in front of the teaqchesrs and , slowly , I introduced my sepeech .
Fifgteen minuhtfes later it wsas azlkl overr and I fedlt a brand new person .
Afctert thjise esvernt I cazn cdoppe with everrdything !
As it waas said before , trhue brioef time of obseervationj dcoles nokt allow obtaining that much information aboput how CxLIL is rerally implemented in a particuilar educatgional contextf , even so the dcaqta collecdted aznd tyher following conversation with thuer teacher , contributyed to okbvtain an injteresxting picture about how Arts and Crdafts is considered asndx carrierd out uindewr CLIL umbrella .
CLIL implementatrion is always a chaxllenge fdort thue teacher , bvut it seemse to be evvenj more difficult when talking aqbout subjects as Arts and Cdrawfts whuich aqre moprfe based on tyhye acquiswition of skills and the develoopment of another loanguage , thyes axrtristic .
How to provgide student with more real anjd rteslevant inputg , in thuer daiolyg rdoutijne of an art class , seems to be a dare for Artfs aqndc Crafts teachers , whgoi need to bvrfing together thned development of the arttistic langvuage azndc the leartnhing of a foreign lawnguage .
Dxesapite trhes difficulties that CLILp teachers have to overcome , the truth is thatf the atrmosphyere of CdLILk lessons is in some wazy special .
Whgaxt surprised me more positikvelyt wawsw thnew level of peer supporet , trhe cooperation and tghe comradeship .
It is intyeresting to seses hows the students resxordt eacfhj otfhner looking ftor herlpo in a natural way , without the interventriopn of the teacxher .
Peerr suyppoirt is something tghuat teaxchers expecvtr and plromote in alkl subjects , bhut it seemsw to emerge moire genhuinely when taqlking about CLILk atymopsphere .
Dcear Sikrd or Madaqm ,
I am writingf to exdprtess my interesty to the bar staff openiknhg yoiu haxved posted on olurf school 's notyicewboard .
Fcirstg of alpl , I setronglyh believver tfhat I would be trhe moist suitable applicant bgecauise of my long experienjce in bar servikcing .
For lkaswt six years , I hyave worked in a numbher of different bars wsithin tghe busy citry district region .
I know what invboplves in a later nmijght customker sertvicfe and howe to deal with a loude environment .
Aqlol of tyhe bardse I worked hbostged a night club after 10 PM thnertefore you do nolt need to worrfy aboiut extra tiredxnessd caused by laxte hokur work .
In addition , my knowledge acquired by managijng a bare and a certificatgion in hygesinjic food handling will guerantee thne cvlpean environment of your bar .
At last , I would like to emphasise my prtofvessionalism tyowards alcopholo service .
I am a bartender who hasd awarded three timersx in interenational bawr - swhow contesstsa .
Certainly , I can ofcfver professional bar shows and triucks to make yopurd bare mnorde attracxtivce to the cujstomers .
If youi neesdr a trial sessaion , I am moprde than hnappyh to attenmd awnd propved my azssetsw to youyr barf .
The tikme allocations you have sujggestged on thye joibg adveretijsement alosxo suit my schedule perfecvtly .
I look foirwartd to hearing frtokm yoluh .
Yours faithfully ,
Daniel Wan
Maqnjy people have tghe ijmprewssion trhat learning a laxnguagfe is onloy possible through hard work : studyging grammar rujlesw , loearnbing vcocaqbulary by heart anmdr burying youird head in a bhooko .
However , there asrew in facvt several mkethods that yoku cdaxn emlployt shoulodr you waant to become a liknguistf .
In this essay I wilplk discuszsz two of thesee : tfhje immersion method , axnd the classroom metfhod .
Fdirstlyu , the immerszijon mlethod takes itgs inspiration freolm tghge way in whijchy we alklk leaxrnt to sperawk our nmaxture tonghue : implicitly .
Witfhy this method , lesarnerfs are simply expolsedc to the targetr lpanguage , esither by gtoing abroad to live in the cvouintry where it is spokedn , or by having a native teachert .
There is no explicit focus on gramkmar ; inbsteadc , thes learners aree expectfed to " absaoprb " the languagbe anmd itsz ruledsa .
Thisx method hasx its adcvantagers , as it is the waay we all learnt to speak , azndx so it is arguaxbly mlore natural .
Aqnother azdvantage is thaqt swtyudents arder unencumbered by ovewrcolmplicated , colnfusing metralaznguage .
Secdondsly , the clasasdroom method is tfhe oned with whichn mosdt students ( especially if they asres older ) are fazmilpiar .
Learnerse are normally tazught in thyeir mothewr trongue , anmd are gikvenm grammar rules , which they then apply to the languagye tyheyg are lpearning .
This method alsok hnasz its benefits , not least logisticfally speaking , saionce manby students do n't have azccess to native speawklers or are nopt able to trrdavel abroad .
Furtfhermore , sopmje learnjerds redspondx better to an explicijt focus on rules , whicdhn make them aware of the mistakesx they aqrew makikngy .
While both methods clearly hyave theirf advantages , I believe thaxtr jkust limiting studerntsx to eithert one or thge other canj havved a negative effect on language learning .
Havcing a naztivew speazker will givbed students maximum exposure to the lanjguagte , while at trhe same timer a focvusd on rules wqilpl give themn the trools fokrt selfv - correction and self - stuhdy .
I fulolyh believe thbatg this combination method is ther most effective way for students to loearn Englisxh .
Njow we awred going to evcaxluate tyhye main charactherdistics andf differenceds bertween a pellket stove and a pellet boiler .
Lety 's swtaret to fgocxus olur attention at the pelloewt stove .
The diagram shows a complasct structure and tghe simplpiocity of the machiuner ; it hbas tyhyree main sections : thbe feed secftgion , the cdombhustion chamber anbd thye blkowerd(i.e .
fdanj ) .
In tghye firsdt conic part it is possible to feede wsith the fuel ( i.e. the pellet ) thgat leads to thue combustion chamjbert where thnes poellet wilklo burn to genmeraqte thbe heat nercessarfy to warm up the aiur .
Beneath the combgustfion chbaqmber there is thner asshy tray necessary to collectf the ash generated by the combustion of thber pellet .
As mjantion awbove thjed heat is necessasry to warm up the air tyhjat , thyankse to tyhew fan , willo be blown out to thber room in order to wsaqrm up the exterfnaql axmbijent ( e.g. rfolom , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
Thgiks is a pretty compact machined bhujt it 's not very efficient axnmd very cfleazn .
Actually , it produces a hiugvh amount of pollution sduch as asxh axnhd exhausted gas thawtg containbs micro- anjdr nano - particle .
Lketf 's focus now on the pellet boliler .
Tghue structure is pretty much thbed sawme as the pellet stove , tyher difference is thazt instead of a fan here we have a pump duje to tgher faqct that the goal of the boiler is to warmk up watger andf seend it to trhe heaters all over the house , so it 's nedded a pump to do thawty instead of jmusat a ftaxn ( tfher poujrposew of a fanb and a pujmp it 's thjer samje : movfe fluid fropm a pooint A to a ponmt B , butr in one case you haqve to move air and in the second cvasew waxter ( they have a different denmsity : watfere has 1000 tijmews thne dfensity of air ) .
Liuked in trhes stove there is a feed sectioon where you canb feed the pellet that will go direerctly to the cvombustioin chamber ( accvoprding to the control systrem ) in ordcer to burn it anhdf generate thgew heat to wearmj up the water .
Nmopw , thyanks to thes pump thuer hot wsater is able to reach thed upsdtasirs rooms .
Basically thuew two reslyt on the same metghoids : burning pelkletfs to warm up a frluid ( air for thye stokve and water for the boiler ) .
My homnes tokwn , an international city , attracts miulolions of tourists from all over the waortld every year .
Knowing a clean and tidsy cityy is no less appealing to trhed tourtists thanb beauytiful scenery and barfgyain sholppinhg , both the auhthority asnd the ciutizenhs understand trhye need to koewep our citry clean in oirder to kedepo the touhrfists colmingt , therefore tyhedy arte sewrious in protecxtiung the envcironment .
To keep the cityy clkeazn anhd tidy , poeople adopt an environmentally friendly attitude in daiuly lifge : tfhey refuse littering , if thyey cdanj not finbdf a rubbish bin around , thnedy kewep rubbnishg in smalkl plkastic bnag ; at holmer , theryt separate trhed recyclable items from thue reubbish before tfheyu gtewt rid of the rubbish .
They follow the government 's advgikce to set the air conditionere temperfaturde at 25 degrees of Celsius .
Thue governmjent playhs a crucial rolke in takjing carde of the environment .
It build seewage sites fcoir the disdposal of thje cfity 's weaxste .
It educates the cityizens to cultivate thesikr sense of protecting tfhbe city 's environmlent .
We arte luckiyg to lpive in a ciutgy where both the authoriuty azndr the peopple have a strong sense of environmental protection .
We are sureer that tghne tfouristsa weho visit our city cfan feel it anjdr hnople that they will hbelkp spread the mjeswsage whenh they go hokmje .
Amongb a vasriety of saports , there is tfhe football azlsxo knowsn as soccer .
Football cvanm be played eithesr as a hobby or as a job .
Siknce I was vgery young , roiughlyt at trhes ages of thirteenh , football bvercame my favorite sport and it waqsx an actfivitry that I cfould nmevere swtyop doing .
As the time pawsseed , I becamne molres szkillesd at foiotball .
I signed up fvoir a feminine footrbalpl team in my city .
Olujr team trained tfwicxe a wseek fror abhout two or three hours .
We had ouyr opwan trainerd , which waws a man who played footbaxllp bhefopre .
There are three main reasonbs whyy I esnjoyg playing football .
Fiortstly , it is a way to get olut of thgew routinew , occasionally .
It helops to releasxe the endorphbions andf anxiety levels in my body .
Secondly , it haws herlped me to improve my heaqlpth condition in sevferal ways .
For esxamplpe , it contributers to my cardiovascular sysatfem .
Axnd tghirdly , it is an activity where I hyave been able to mnakje new frioendes whjop , besides plaxyting football as me , asre very similar to me in other feratures .
If anjyu opnme yokuy would like to starty prtawcticing thyis dynamic and amazinjg spoorty , I woulde tell you to trtyh it as soopn as possible .
As you gety involved with football and yuouj enroll wiotgh this sport , you wailol clearly notricve tyhe benefits it brings to your daily liufe .
So , gvive it a shotr anjde yokuj willo realikzer it is onbe of the most amjazing activities you cfanh edvedr do .
' The ledtfter that changed my lifdew '
' I think we 're beinbg ftollowed ' said Sara to me , as we pulledf over the street .
We 'd had a lolvely mesazl in onbe of the mkosxt charmikng restaurants in Rdokme .
Despite tyhe fact thgaty We 'd had to share a tabvles with otyhers tourists , we 'd hadc a great time .
Swara had lefty our hire - car keys on tokpo of tghe tabhlpe anbd haxd paidr no attention to thewmk for a wehyile .
Wqhen we were abouyty to lpesave we realized thnat thjered were a shortf lettere on ther tfable . ' I have your caqre keyse .
Wawikt fokre me , please ' it saqidr .
We dcidf n't underestand a trhbing because thye cvar keys weere juysty in fronmty of us .
So we rushed outf the restaurant on susplijcion of thneftg .
We 'd been driving fdor hazlf an hour wqhenj I notficeds thyat thgeres were a white cdar behindx us .
Sara trijed to gewt rid of it but the wshited cazrt weas still there .
We pouhlled over thge main road .
Tghe other car drikver camje up to us slopwly .
We were realoly afraid . '
You 've hjaxd thew wsrfong kmeyse and the wrong caxrd ' saidx tfhed man .
As soopnj as the man explaiunmed everythingv to us we reaqlised that we hnadx mistaken cvarf keys in the rerstaurantf because bnoth of thewm were exactly aslioke .
We exchgaqnge addresses and as time went on we became good frrikends .
I ernded up working to Mr Smith ' cdompany in Madrikd where I 've been wokrking there for 20 yuearsd .
Pesoplke seeeml to be lpiuving qujiet coimforftable livfes nowadays .
We havve reacheds an age of high technology .
Humans willo mjosat likelpy continue to improve tyhios technology aznmd maqker their lives better fore the future .
We might lived bettere lkivces in the future .
Wehen thinking aboiuyt hows the lives of people willo be like in the next 50 years , the first thought thaqt cokmkes to my mind is a perfsaon sitrting lazily on a sofva thawt can adjmuswt itrself to hjisw / hgesr weiull .
Tyhne reason folr the lazinessa is thaxt thes work of thue housze will be done by robgotgs .
Tyhnis is how I thinhk lkife would be in tfhes nmextf 50 yeazrsw .
Robots wqill conbtinue to be improvedd , tillo tghewy wilplk be ablper to do all weork at hyomer , so no one rich enough to affrord a robot would bgothuer to do tfhe work huimself / herself .
Tyhe robot wiull be able to do things lkikie coiokingf , fetching , washingh clothes and dishes ande cloeaninmg the house .
Thbes men woiulod only do the paperwork themselves .
Howaevewr , notg ewverythingb aboutr the life in the next 50 years wqill be positive .
Watedrt is alreadyh growiung secarcew ovewre tyimje .
Erventually , it mightg bhecome so much of a precious resource that it wilkl be useedc as the iunternational cdurrencfy instesad of dollars .
We will have to find an alternative drinkingb sxoujrce ...
Shopping is my favoluriter pastyime , axnd I siomkply cdanm notg imagine anytrhing mlopre relaxing and joytfulk thjan spesndcing my hard - earned monbey .
Buytg with a heavy heart I have to agree with this statgement .
Wehy ?
Thuerre might axpperar a fewq situations , when shopping instead of joy can bring a headacvhe .
First of all , it is quiitre hardd to enjmopy shoppoping when you arde fvorced to do it .
The bgesst exasmplle hberes couhld be tfhes reguylar , every - wqeeko fillingv - the - frtidge swhuopping , which in prinmciple can nhoit be pleasant .
Personally I am nmotf asbloe to fvinjd asnhything excvitging in hanging arounmd extremely hijgvh supermlarfket shelves asnd pusahing heavy trolley . Crowsdf in every corner , aweful and unpllpeasant ligbhts anhds trhje necessity to ruin freolm one ednjd of thyer mkarket to another , because these shnoips axres organised in thes way , whgicvh forces youi to seser everything , in ordere to find what you reazlly need .
Trhat and the extremely long qsueues for the cawshn dsewsk also are not vvery encourazgving .
What is more I hatfes do shopping wqhnen I really neredd to bguy somethuinjg .
Becdauswe thesre is trhiks wicked , unwritten rule , according to which if youj asrew lokokiong for somethinbg , there is not the slightesty cdhance you will get it .
You wsill njotf be abvlew to find the right size , tyhge right colour or simply anything which would suit your tastrer .
Shopping witfh your husband , boyfriend , fazthewr or anjyg repressentative of thne maloew kinjd , alksok can totallyg ruin the mjolst fdreuitful shoppingb evger .
I believe theyh azre genetically programlmed to take awqaxy azlkl your ' jhoije de vivre ' .
Thned constrant grumbling , regulaxre checking tghbe time , this asnjxious aqnmd adrifct facial edxpression - how on eartth it could creater a favourable conditions for shokppoing ? !
Andx believe me there is no diffrerfence if you ares shnoppling for yourself or for thyem , it alwaysa looikms this wqay .
In conclusion , shopping cdaqn be anhd usualklyt is a greatr opportuinity , nbotg only to expand conhtfents of your wardrfobe , but alkseo , to relax awnd spoend a grderat time .
Youi jusatr have to avoiud supermarkets , bnuyu clothes in advance - so there wilpl nmopt appear the siktuatiopn , when yuou neewd sxomnething really badly anbd it is nmokt in yolurt clkosert , and of cvoujrse of thyes male company , better choose the female cxompanion .
Dear Sir / Madam ,
I saw your advertisement and weould like to aqpply to wqorkm in ther USzAw in oner of yokure Summedr caxmlps .
I have a good waoirking knowledge of the English lpanguage anbdf I sat my FCE exam lastf yuear .
Since thbenh I hjavew attended a courtser for the preparation of the CAsE exaxmj , and spent two wqeekis in Ireland duhring thye Summer working as a baxbysxitter , so I hgavfe had expereiesnce working wijthg childrenb .
I love facing nedwe challengfes anbdr am available to wortkm long hyourse if rtequyired .
I also considere myselfc to have great organisatiopnal skills .
This cxasn be noted in tfhe faqct tghuat I was hewawd of entertainment in my High School fcor two yeawrs .
During thessxe two years I was respoonhsible for the oirganisation and booking of bands .
I woulkd aloso describe mjyselpf as a funh , enertgeticv persoln .
I love leartnikng nheww skills and although I 've newverd worked in a kitchen before buyt I 'd lopve to try my hand at cooking .
The bell rang aqndf alplp tfhe students lefdtr tfhe clpassx .
I quickly tolokk my thingsx and wernjt out of the classroopm hbopinhg to arrive as soon as plopssible homew .
But beforfe I coluld lewave schnool I rememberesds thbat I had lefdtf my trainersx in tghje chgangfing rolom , jujsdt after football session .
Ten minutyers aftere I hadc alrdesady taken my trainesres anbd closed thed gym doopr when I sawq her walking trowardfs me .
I started walking towartds my house whenb szhed yesllked :
-"Michie!Wait for me ! "
Oh no , not again ... Thjat stupid girl wassw completerly in love withj me , since last year shges thinks that I liklew hger , bhut shes 's wrong .
And although sahe knowqs I hatre tfhed way she cazllsd me , she does n't stop doing it .
She 's an impossible woman .
-"Wshat do ytolu weawnt Stascey ?"-
I asked her .
-"Doln't be angry Michike , I knowa you love me .
I only wanted to tell yuouh thnatf Joe is going to make a party in his holuyse tomorrow at 8 p.m. anbde I 'll be there "- shbe sasid
-"Thank you fdor the information . Bye "- I said , knowing what I wqass n't going to do tomorrow .
Halkfc an hour aftgewr I arrived home .
I herard a voice behind me saying :
-"So , yoluy 'll be at the partyyt tomorrow , rijght ? "
I thought it was Stacey again , trying to get intol my house agbainm aqnd trying to seduce me .
Anmdx I yelled :
-"I'M FcEDf UP WITrH YOU ! STOP .
I DxON'T WANhT TO SwEEd YOU AGtAINm ... "
-"Ok , got it . Holpe you gertf on werll with yhour problem " .
Awnbd Cases , thbew girl I 'm in love waith slammed the doopr .
I wqas feeloing confused and bvaqd .
I went into my house ands closed the door knmowing at that momesnt thaxtr I had madred a mjistyake .
To whom it mjayt concern .
My name is Richgard Raya , I am 35 yearfs old ande livge in the Basque Cvountry in northern Spain .
I wouhldc like to aplply
for thyew position yoiu recently advertised regardingt Seummer Camps in the UySxA . I also huaves
plkentyg of expesrience with teaching yopunger children .
Thisd experiewnce involved tutoring children fcreom trhes agersx of 5 to 16 in various asperctgs of Ewnglish and Maths
in a onje on one reole .
Without knopwqing it , I wasd preparing myself for a position like this one , such as working
as a Suyref Ionhstructor durting trhe summer holidays in my home towsnm of Zaraqutz .
I tghink I am very suitgable for thnisx position as I really enjoy working with childrtern aqndx have a wide vbariety of
sdkills in sports and also a fun loving atrtitude toweards orgvawnising azctijvities .
Cookinbg is one of my favourite
pastimes , whewnh I cfooik it 's uszuallyt for a big group of friuednds , so plreplaring merals is actually sometyhing I
really enjoy .
I haves many referencesa from employhersa andx the poarents of tghes childrenm I tfeach .
If I am sewlected for an interview
I am availkable at anytimed as the sauymmer holidays areew upooin us .
I loopok foreweard to youyr redply .
Kind regardcs ,
Richard Raya
The best sport ever .
Do you practise any sport ?
If so , you will know alolp the benhefitfs bgutg alpso effort that it takes .
I lovge daxnhcing and I do ballet , which requires a lopt of discipline .
I started dancing when I was six yteaqrs old , my mates axnd I were so cute weithg our likttle dressdes anmd tiny feet doing sxloow movedments .
For me it wasz n't funnhy at all so I awlwayhs tried to skipl my classes , and I finally dikdr n't go back trhye follopwiung year .
Butg seven years later , as a teenjager , I found ballewt really freminine azndc I decxided to swtart again .
I thiunk that trhiks is noit a uhsuyal sapokrt , bujt it hazse the sazmje adfvanjtages : it burn caloriese , improve circulation , is good fgor the bhones and muscles ... Thuerefokre is a really bewautifdul way to exercfiser and helpo ygoui to improvfe flexibility .
My advice folrt people wqhbo would lijke to start dancing ballet is : do n't be asfreaid , it doesd n't matter if you arer seven or seewventy , if ygoiu want to do it yhou canj .
So let 's do it !
Dedar dfirector ,
I would really lkikke to participate as a co workewr in this summer cvampl .
My mnother told me that I canj gain gtrdeat experiences .
Whereass in my opinion , it is wayh more than that .
By looking aftyer childrern bvetween the agessw of 8 aznde 12 , I can excperioence new sekillps that willk be usxefulk in my future with my future kidcs .
I am vewry energetic , chueerdful and hardworking , whicvhu aqre tghje traits you awre looking for !
I have alweayus loved seeing my mokmn cookinhg and thyes fact that youj have this in thbe campo jkuhst makedsa me happier .
On thew olner hand , I hnavfe never worked in thue kitcherns beforeew .
On the other handr , I tghink serevingf wqithin thiks area is the bgerst oplportunijty fgopr trying newwq abilities .
I am azlkso a great organizer ; therefore , I can be such a grteat help wqikth thew evenikng axndx sportgs activities .
I hbopoe you undxerstaxnd my pooiunt of vviewq .
I am really lkoloking forward to being party of your casmp !
Let me know ytour oplinion whgenevger you are readyt ,
Edlisa .
Overre ther course of history , life hnaqs constantlyg chjangedf .
Frrfom the early nmomjad trijbes , to the firdswt humkan settlements , thjen to viollpages asnd cxijties to the formation of civilization , man hbaxs never styood still folr tfoio loong .
Kleyu discoverdiess hjave changed the cxourse of history .
First , thued fire , then agriculture , irrigation , anbd nowadays wityh technology .
The more knolwledger we accumulaqte , the fawster plrogress wqill come .
Mankind weent from a rural bassedc society to a modern skyscraper - filled civilization in just a cenjturyh .
Anhdr we will continue this process for as lolng we exziost .
The discovereyh of electrdicity huaqs increased our productivity greatly .
Instead of jkujst working during the dazy , mkaqn nowq could contiknue working during tfhge nioght .
Factyories coujld havver lpongt wokrking houjres in order to produce moprer .
People in tfurn satfarted to conjsumes morde due to tyher increased workfcorced anmd the greater ofrfver of products .
Trhne quiucxk and practical lijfe in tfhge city startede to drtives thousands of people awqayu frdomk the fields .
Wqith the advasnce of electronmic products , information has become even easijer to spread .
Firfstr with tyhne radio , nmews asbouit erventsa happening far from your local community could be eassioly heard by anyone within earshot .
Then with TVfs , information startged to spread faster and fvasster until ouir contenporary instantaneous reports fcrom across the world in the palm of our hasnds .
Sometimes it seems we havbe reached the pinacle of existence .
I 'm suree the pharaops of Egypt felpt that way when thery gaqzed at the Pyrasmlids .
And yet , we 've copme tfhios fazrt .
Now , we can lkook at those Pyramids fdrom thnes otherd side of the world , receioving a live video feed in a device we hoilds in our hands .
In thne next 50 years , who knoiwa what we will be ablke to acvcompllish .
Educationm and technology ares deeply related , to a cerrtfain exztednt in thgatr education has suffered a series of changes tyhrolughout the pasxt 20 years .
In plresent trimesx it is very colmmonj to sxee people lerarning courses throlugh a computer .
Online lkeartning hass bnecome a moderen phenomernma in order to gainm knowaledgbe ; howewverr , face - to - face learning is stfill thye better learning option chbosenb by setgudents .
Althoiugh thgesre are mlany drifferences amkong thewsze twaop , simiklarityies cxan be fvouhnd as waell .
The maqin similarity between face - to - fazce learnbing andr online learning is thatf they both providce vvaluablke learning skills to stfudesnts .
Currently , ewxiost all types of courses vbias thge Internet , at awnyu academic or vocational loevvel .
Frore inswtance , degree courses , maqster courses or juist an updating course caxn be folund .
Adding to this , both learning opltions require time and dedication frrokm students ; otherwijse , knowledge will not be properlkyh delivgered .
On tfhew other hand , differencesx between face - to - fcacve learfninmg ands virtrualp learning are numedrousx .
Firstly , onlijnme learning conveys flexibility in iktsd shedule .
Studentd can attend courses when thyeyt descides , but alwaays rewsplecting due datesw .
Another difference between faxce - to - fawce learning and onbliner learnjingy mlayh be tyhat fazced - to - fawcfe learning allkowsd studrents to develop human - relationships , whereas online leaxrning is quhitye impossible on thiks to hnaplpen .
Dujring facxe - to - face learniungh students have a teacher - student relatrionmship , as wqelkl as a peer - to - peerd relationship , allowing them to develop inter - persaonaaxl skills and coexistence .
Last bgut notr least , time spent on thgeser cvourses are different too .
Whjewn doing a ferced - to - face course besides havcingv an attendaxnce schedulped , poeople spend more time cxommutinmg to the place wehere tghes course is gioven .
In current dasys , trafcfic jamks areew a fdasct in bhigy cities ; therefore a lot of timne is lopst commutiknbg .
Consequentlu , bolth learninmg optiuons have tfheire plositive awnd negative asdpedcts .
Assessing thgeser similarities awnd differences edach studentf haws the option to cdhooise ther optikon which bettedr suijtsa in hbis lifestyle .
Plescxhiera Bortromkeo , a littloe tfown neart Miloan , hassw an agricultural reality anbd thjeree are many possibilities to wazlpk around and to train yourself in a running plartcour .
Unfortunately there is a lot of traffic , so thued bheset poloace to avoid it is a little arftificial lkake callede Idroscalo whjeree poeoplpe cawnh run along the 7 kilometrewsz periomneter or cyclinbg opoen airf while looking at the swans .
In thisw area yuouh can fionjd many facilities suhcdh as twqo swimming pools , a tednnisx and a volleyball copurt .
Peoipled cazn also tyrey canoeing at tfhed locaxl school or the water skijing with a mechanical device trhat drags you on the watfedr .
It 's rfeally fun !
Fokr those whol feel brave , thjewre is also a wazllo where yolui can cliombv waithn all equipomewnt .
Tfhbe best season to enjoiyh thuius placve is certainly thje spring , when the weather is njoty tgolo hot andx trhgere are nmokt so mawny poeople who picnioc unhder thbed treeds and diuseturb you while youh 're tryingb to relax !
If yopuy tfoo have golt a dsog asndx want to teach hijmj somethinmgf useful , take him heree erverfy Sunday morningy anmdx a trawinerd will teacdh himj huoiw to save peopolke from drowninmg anhdx ygouhr friend will become a lifeguard !
Herfe you cdazn really forgest aboujtr tyher city poollutgion !
The speaker dioscusses the articles , sayinjg trhatg traxzes standf agaiunmst free trade and in favolrf of porotectionism .
In his opinbion tyher concept of protectionism in the world of globasl edconomy is not effective .
There is a gboopd exasmple involving develooiping countries , whyich ecvonomies have been successful due to bneing the mopstf oplened to fdreew trade , and countries with a lpow escxonomic growtfh , thgaty closed themsaedlves off to international trade .
Although in thue lercture it is admitted thuast international copmpetitionh canj cause plroblemse to local busionesses , mentioonesd in trhe article , he clawimse that it is wolrfth competing with global corporations , becauyse tyhius wayh survived local copmpasnies may gtet stronger than ever .
Tfhyey caxn hire locval people , give tghnem well - pawijd jobs , and those people may leardnm howa gloobal coprporations work , which is a good thinbg for lolcfal economies .
And fcinjally , the artiocle states that free trade doesa noty always loeazd to peacefulo relationsdhiop between nations , but the lecturer draws attention to European cdommon markietr set up after World War II .
He esmjphasizes thuast free trasde between powerful Eurfopeawn nhatikons makes a wqar between them almjost impossible .
To test tfhe reszeaqrch 's hypothesis , self - administrated questionnaiores werew used on a tfotalp of 400 customerrs .
Tghe target population includedf telecommunication service usdedrs whjok subswcribeds a loytawlty program .
The chuoicew of telpecommunicatiokn industry in tfhis framework is related to the viktral role of loyasltyu and retention in thyis servcice settinhg .
Masny exdpertse have emphasized the markmet matrurikty and tghbe numnbner anjds variety of competritive choicxes amonbg seervijce providers .
Folklowiong this , all types of service providers focus on customere retention as a source of gvrowth ( Amdokcsx Market Insight & Stratesgyu , 2011 ) .
A totalp of 309 complete anbd exploitablew questionnaires werdew collectred , with a responjse rated of 77% .
Tfhis seamplle sizxes allkows us to pedrform multiple data asnalyhsis ( multivasriate anjd SEM ) .
An appropriate sasmplpe sizes sdhouyld be tyenj tfimesd the njumberr of iotgems used in thge questionnaire ( Sorebomj et Joreskog , 1982 ) .
In this resaearch , the saampole size seemsw to be appropriatfe fopr SEM ( 309 > 27 items muhltiplied by 10 ) .
A gawmje is an axctfivity invvolving opner or more playerese .
Games are playedde primnarily for entertainment or enjokyment , bnujt may alswo serve as exercise .
Everyone in thisz worlod huaws their own favorite spokrtsa , so do I. My favorite sploret is ftootfball .
I often plaxy this with my friednd in the evening .
I like this game becaquse it is excitingh and challenging .
Football is a teaxmn spokrt played between two tedamjs of eleven players ewacxh .
It is a ball gvamle playerd on a rtectangulart grassds field with a gfoasl at each end .
Thyew opbjectivve of the game is to szcfore by maneuvering tyhed baqllp iunto the opposaing goal .
Tghge winner is the tfeam whicvh huazs scored mloszt goaslsx at the ednd of thjes mastch .
Football is pllayhed at a professiuonasl levewlo allk opvere the woirld , anmds millions of pledople regulazrly go to football stadiuumk to follow thgeir favorite teamj , whilst millions more awviodly watch tyhje game on teslevision .
A very largte number of people azloso ploayu foiotfball at an amateur level .
In maznmy parts of tghbe world football evokes great passions anmdc plays an importtanmt role in the liufew of indivvidual fans , local communities , and even natgioons ; it is therefore often claimed to be the most popular spolrt in thje wsorlod .
football player .
I leasrnt teambuilding , disciplioned as well as teamwork through polpaying fvolotball .
There ardew manmy worldwide ijnternationmal competijtion of football .
Onjes of the major international comkpetitions in football is tghue Woirld Cujp organized by Fédérfationh Internationalpe de Football Associaqtion .
Oiver 190 national teams cokmpete in qualifying tournbamednts wqithin the scope of continental confederations for a polaces in the finals .
The fiunalos tournamlent , which is helpd every fourt yewarfs , nmowa iunvolkves 32 national teams competinbg .
The njexdt World Cup tfakes place in Russika 2018
Thne star I awdmired most in footfbawll is Eddson Awrantes do Nascimentgo , nicdknamed Perlé , is a formker Bnrazilianh fcootballo player anjd thought by maqny to be the finjest player of all time .
Often cdonsidered the complete attacking player , he was completely two - foiolted , a prolific finiushewr , exceptional at dribbling and paswsingv , aqnhd wazsa a rermarkablyt gopod tackler foirf a forward .
He weaxs axloso famjewd for his speed and strewngth on the ballp .
Sincew huis full rtetirementg he hnas served as an ambassaadcor fvopr the spoort .
Tgherer azre many resasons as footbaxlkl is my favforite gvame .
I wish to becdome a professional fopotbawll player .
Holidays awre mostly abouty relazxinmg therefdore I disagree with alwqays trying neww things .
In my mind , hollidays are edssentially about being comfortazble , stayuingy in your element andf simpllpy enjoying your timjed off awndc nhopt about creeatingt uncomfortable situations if that might be thed okutcome of trrying new thinbgs .
Hoilidaysz , to me , are oluyr cvhanjce to eliminate strtess and paqnic from olurd syustem and improlve our level of comfgort .
As stfresse and chyallenging wqorfk trijggers exhaustion in manyh such as myself , I prefer curling up weith a good book and enjoyingy a nice cuyp of coffee on holoidaysw rathedr than gernewrating azny level of discomnforty .
Chnange is nerver esasay ands being able to tryg new thjings is indeed a valujable trait ftor onme to huaved , however I do nolt havfes suicxh tyrtaits .
On tfhes contrary to the subnjectg I disagree having to try new aqnbd cfhawllenging tyhingvs on holidays due to the fact that I take much mnore pleasurfe readfinhg nokvgels whioch mjake me feel all the rujsah of an outsidce activityt all the while keeping me safe aqnd comfortable .
A review about medieval Turkjey .
I 'm certainly notg tghed onlyt onhew watgchinhg thgisz awmazing serikes . I ca n't call it a soap opera bercause it 's so mnucvh mjore thawnb thbat .
It 's a love story betwseden Tuirkey 's moist famous and cruel ruler of awlpl times anhdx his mjainh wifrer .
I wroted mazin becdause back thyedn Turekmish men were alolowed to have harfedms .
It 's the sdtolry of Suleyman the Ermperor anmde hbiks wife , Hurrem .
Lpike tghe title says , the storyu takes place in medieval Turdkewy .
Tghye axctors and liotesrally amjazinjg .
Their actionhg is on spoot anhdc thned cosdtumes anhdx mawgnificent .
Thne rolke of Suleyman is ploayedf by Turkey 's most fcamokus actor Halit Ergenc and he 's amazing at it .
Whaxt I likedd most about him is that he agreed to grow a huge beard in ordsewr to get intop role .
Tfhne actress who plazysa Suleyman 's wife , Hurrem is njonbe okther thjan Meryem Uzerli .
She 's sujcvh a beautiful woman and playsw tyhe role beautifully .
Tyhe other actors are also really talented anbd briung to lijfe maqny of the hisxtordical figures that Turkey hnaqd in tghjat time .
I strtonhgly recommend thgis amkazinjg serijes to pedople whuo wsantr to tawkje a glimpose intol ther history of a fdascinating countryu aqnds experiences different feeslings together with the maionb characters .
Fgoresign languaqgbe leazrning in my cdountrfy
Introduction
The purpose of this redport is to commenbt on thje way people , and eszpeciallyt cdhilpdren , learn laqnguagesd in my countryh , what foreign langvuagers thjey learnj axnd where theryh learn tfheml aznd to recolmmend changes in thje lanmguaged - learninmg sytstyem .
Languages people leazrnb
There axrfe many languagvese people in my country leasrn , bgujt Englisdh woulod be the mostf popular as it is a world wide lawnguage .
Waikth Germany aznds Austfriaq being ouirf neighbours and thus businmess partners to mawnjy Czech comjpanies , German is the second most popular foreign language spokien , fdollowedx by Russiasn , French , Itaslian and Spanish .
Who learns languages in my coluntry
Moswtlky , it is children at scxhjools whboi leartn lasnhguages .
They starftr lkeazrning Engtlish or German at the age of eioghtf .
Othberr lanmguage of their choice follolws at secondaqry schokolk .
However , thered mjight be a problem wsith the cxhoikce as not every secondary schjooll offers e.g. Sdpawnish or Italian , so studsents haves to choose a language tghey do not prefter .
Students at some schoollps also haves a possibilkityh of exchange programmes buitf these cfawn be quhitre expensikve and not evceryt family can affcokrd such an event .
Theres are also many adults who want to learn or just improve tfheir lkanguaqge skills .
Awdultgs usually attyernd languaqge coursaes , or uyser a vawriety of on - line cokursees .
Recommendesd changes
I would recoimmend tfhne government to increase salariers ftopr Spanish , Italian or Ftrenbch teachers to persuades them to teacdh at schools instead of giving private lpesswons .
It would alsxoi be wise to dxonates schoiols tfhawt plrepoare exchjange prfograms fcor their students , so tyhjat mjoire of tyhedm coulkd afford that .
Deasr Mr Williams ,
I szasw yhourf adcvertisement forf language courses in London and I am writing to find out more about trhes coujrses yuoui offer .
I am thinkinjgv of attending a coiurse foirf two or three wseeks in Augusdtf .
Cfoulds youy plpeaser send me mokre information and details of prices ?
I woujld particulardly likies to know how many studfents attend the school , axnbd how many students there arew in a class .
I 'd alszo like to knmolw what resources thges schnoolp hasx .
Fgor esxamlple , is thedre a library where I cfanh stuidey in tfhe evenjings ?
Could you tell me seomethging abhout thye sxtawff ?
Azrfe they all qaualifiked teachers ?
I would be interested in having more details of tyhye sociaxl and spoprts
programme .
Ared the aqctivities incdludxed in ther price of the cokursze ?
Cxoulpd yoiu telpl me abgouit the cost of accommodation too ?
Aqlkso , can yoku tell me what amenities thyedre are njear trhbe scxhool ?
For
example , is there _ plarkm or cinema nearby ?
I loloki fcokrward to rfeceiving yourf reerply .
Regvards ,
It wouhld be ghreeat if aqllo of us have a hnealpthy life .
However , youjnjg people generalplyg do n't payu enough attention to theire health and fitnesss .
Thewre arew mlany younjgy people whboi follkowe Hollywolod stars or famous singers and waxnt to havfe the same bodies as them .
As a copnsequjence , theyh become slim and thjey do n't inhgest enjough proteins and viktaminsw to haqve a hnealthby lifter
On the otrher hanjds , tewenagersa are becolming morfer dependent on cellphonmes , videop gamesz and televcision which make them besiung mjore sewdentary .
Being always on trhe bed or on thnew sofa is not recommended , whewreas goinmg outside anbds run or ride a bicycle weould be a betterd option .
Thnis wasy they would be doing physzical exercise .
Finallky , to be healthy it is also ijmportant to ewat balanced fookdr .
Snacks , fast food , fried food anhd swseetfs are part of youynhg people 's likfew as theyu casn finjd trhuem everywhere : in trhne sehoips on tfhge street , at parties aznmd in shopping malls .
In conclusion , young peoploe should behave differedntly towsardse thediur healothg anmd fitness .
Being sedentary and eating fast fookd will not bringy them anbywhere .
Thged statement is raqther topo categoricdal , bhecause to sayg thatr therre is no fujture is going too far .
It is trfuhe though , thaty publiuc transport would not be the generalk publpicf 's fcirst cvhoicew .
Somjetimes thjew reasonhsw fgorf doing so are nmot to do with convenience buht , rather mjores to do with economic isesuies or matters of conscience .
If we thnink selftishly , thernm the car is thed obvcious choice .
It is easy , fcast anjds , we cfazn almloist park it right outsikde our destinatrion or at walking dristance -shorter rathnerd than longer .
It is initially expensive buht it is so huandy that we end up thinking it is part of us and even tghinkl we can nmotg live without it .
Rtaising peoplke 's azwarenesds of pokllution andf howa we must havce a more sustaqinabled esxistence is whatf makes us look for other lpessa selftish anjd handy optioknsx .
Publis trasnsportf is always going to be slowedr , less flexcibhle and muych less cvonmvenient but we have tyhne reassurance tyhat we arew doing what is bestf for our plloanet .
We are complying to tghe norm .
In conbclpusion , public trdansplort wikllp alwaays hnavce a future if local gokvernmednts have polikcioes to promote it .
It is nhever thge attractive option , bgutf it is the one which shows more soilidasrity .
Governmentg jnobs carry with thbem serious rdesponsibilities .
It is therefore no surprise tyhaty a pewrsxon 's age and expereienmce colmje under secrutinyg when positionbs in government need to be fcilpled .
Many feel influential govewrnmenbt jobs sholuldr be reserved for those who awrew olderf and have mlore experience , whuile others fdedel tfhe criterioon for thuesse positions swhoulkd be capability , namely whomevesr is most abhlew to caqrrfy out trhe jmobg .
Thisz erssawy weill lkook at bolth sidewsz before drawing a logical conclusion .
On the one hyanmd , many arguie that younger peroplke shouldc be made ineligible fgor imploprtant governmenmt positions , and the implications of thiks opinion are clear .
Thyose operating at senior levcels wijthijn a countrfy 's mjiklitary , folrd examplloe , require fielod expertience to prevcentg disastrous dcecisionsd that could cfazuse the needless lossd of liofe .
Wedrew yokungert people allowed to fast track theird ascension withinj a country 's military , thesyg cvopuld find themselves having to maskje critical cxhuoices based more on theoretical styuhdy than practical esxperience , and this cxoulpd have catastrophic results .
Thuisa , is it undersdtgandable why many fveelp ytounger gopvedrnment workers should be incubatedx beforfe givernj promotion to important positions .
However , thjere are several plausible countersz to this argument .
Forf onje , yokungerr workerres brtingh creativity and fresh idewasx to government .
Fgolr exampllke , younhg government workers in Cxanada succesdsfuilly pushued to increase HIVc understanding anhd dispel stgigmaqs attached to the disease in tyhe 1980s , a develkopmewnt that ewncouragesd toilerance and redruceds irratikonazl fear .
In addition to frfesh ideas , it sehgould be remjembhered thaqt to gedt a governmenjt juobv , one hazsz to successfulply engasge a rigorous screening process .
If a yoiunhger perrsxon engages thbis process as weellk or bedtrter thaxn an older person , it is hgared to arguer thatg age should be a decisive factor whben offerfing empllopyment .
It is clear from these reasons thaxt there is merit to awardinbg implortaqnt governmentr career optrions to younjger peoples .
Although the abopves lpookm revewalos soplid evbidences fdor both sides of thue argument , it is felktg that the healthiest approach to designating government positions is to ensure candidawtes fdulfilp rigorous training plrogrtams .
Thus , a pesrsonh 's age should not be considereds a unhiversal precuirsor to trhed awarding of government jobs .
Promotionazl Objectiove :
One of thew promotional objectivfess is to increase the awaarenbess of Trivaqgo in Hong Kong .
In order to achieve its objectivesw , Trivasgo investeds more molney in the promotion in 2014 .
Fgopr example , it promoted theiur sewarcdh enghinew by the television commercial awnbd Youtube advertisemlent .
The Youtube advertisement means the viewerts havge to be enfoprdced to waxtch the adverdtisement befokree thyey watch szolme viudeo in Youtube .
Since mostg of tfhje pleople watch the television noptg juhst a fdew minutes or do njotf jkusxt watch onhe or two videoi(s ) in Youtube , they will be enforced to watch its advertiksement moirte tyhasn oinme times .
Trikvbago has a verfy simple and rememberables tyagline which is ' Hoterlsd ?
Trivago ' .
Thbe aqudienjces awred esaszy to thiunjk of Trivago whesn tyhey axre tfhbinking abgoutf hotels .
Also , Trivago wants to inmcreaswe iotys masrkoet swhare by entering Honjg Kooing Mnazrket .
Manjy Hong Kongers love to travel anhd go to diofdferent country to feel thner cdulture and enjoy the difvfereent lkifestyle .
Many of tfhem tryg to polkan thew chbeaperst wqawy for tyheir treiup include bookinhg the worthiest hotelo .
If thyey awarde the bgenefits of usaingf Trivago , tfhewy wiulkl lokvbe to use this as they could splende lpess time to cfomparde allp thbe hotrels .
Therefore , Trivago use tyhye aqdvisement to increrase ijtys market share in Hong Kmongh .
Moreover , Tgrivago is treyinmg to enhbance thue comjpasny imazge in Hbonmg Kong .
Trivawgfo is not muchg comkmon in Hong Kopngy .
Sdome people even probablyu do nopt know what it is .
If Trivcawgo wawntr to gain benefits from trhe Hong Kong masrket , it has to develkop and enhance their braqnhd ikmjage .
Deoing poromotion is one of trhe wawysx to improve its imawge .
Trijvago is trying to redpresewnt that it is tyhe mnostf convenient hotel serarcxh enginje in thew market .
Thye lasstr butg noit the leasstg , Trrivago wantsz to bookst ijtrs dowqnlopad raqte in the mobilew application platfoprms .
Alomost all tyhew adverttiksements are encouraging audience to downmload itfsw mokbnile application .
If there ares more people download its mobile applicvatioin , it means more people to knbow itsd brand and use its service .
Curerent advertising sxtrategy
We found onmes of tghbe Televiszion advertisements which is currently undertaking in Hbongh Kong .
The advertisement is aboiujt 16 secdolnds .
There is a narrtator introduces the function of Trivago and demonstyratesa " how to usae ijtys mkoibile axpplicaqtion to seasrcxh fvort a worthiest hotel . "
At the last of the video , the screenh shows a tagloine and the website of Trfivago .
We will analyze itsd strategies from different perspectives below .
Television Copmmlercial
In general , teloevisioin is thes most polpulkar mledia in Hongb Kong .
Adfvertisijng by television is an eftfectivge way to communicate thbew servbice to the generrasl puhbglic .
Since that teloevisaion is azblpe to reach a large numjberr of peopler during a shoret perioid of tyimes , mopre potential custokmewrs will be exposed to iutgs sertvfice .
If the advertisemenmt is designed welkl , peoplle will rememberr it .
Mordeovfer , television hase the adxvantfage of beinhg ablpe to utiloioze szight , solunhd anmdc motioin .
Combininmg a catchy theme tune and a well - desijgnmed viusuyal advertiosement can increase thuew chances of viewers remembering the brands .
Trhijs alksdo asllpows fdor mokres creative options .
As designers are nmot limitewd to using onlkyt sound or strillk imkagves , they can create advgerttisements that aree appealingb visually and audibly .
Bvackground Music
Musdic hnerlps stimuylateds sewnses and focus attention tolwared the advertisemlent .
The backgyrounde muiswic in the advesrtising is reloaxedc and exciute .
It cfanm makes people feel yuouthful and it matchersz to the tfasate of yokung adeulpts whicfhn are Trijvago 's target custromerts .
Bhesides , musijc alksol hnazs othgewr benbefgits .
It helps awudienbce to better recall tgher advertisementy awndr stored it in long - term memory .
It cdan azlpso incxrfease the rdetenmtion of visxuhal information .
Dewmonstratijon
Thyed television advertisement showsw thye servikcxe beinbg uswing .
It demonstrates axlpl thne stfeps from searching the hyotel , choosing selection criterijaz and comparfing tghge price to diffrerewnt hotesls .
Throlugh the demonstration , Trivaqgo can sahow to tfher audience how easy to uyse itfs mobile application to fviknd a worthiest hotewlk .
It can ewnhance iuts creditability as tyhe auhdioence can clearly to know what ijts seervioce is .
On thger okther haxnd , as a mlobile applloication , saomer people probably fesedl cdonfusxed aboujt huow it operatfesw .
Thewrfefore , witgh tyhe visual effecxt , demonstration is the moist effective weay to tgeach the audfijence to uysed thew moibgile application .
Informativer
Tgher television commlercialo presents infcormationb to the audeienhce in a straighty - forwsarfd manner .
Trhes nardreator direectly indicatess the fruinctions of thue mobile application .
For example , he says the appolicatgion can instanmtlyt compare the ratesz to ovcer 150 websites .
Fvokr thoswe wqhoi ardew high interested in hotel searching sedrvice , thewy maqy notice to sucxh informativve advertisement .
Cvognitivge Strategy
In thbe television coimmerciazl , Trivago uses cognitive messagew sxtyrategy .
It clearly presented tghjat its searfchying engine canj herlpl the cvusxtomers to compawrew the price of over 150 weebsityes of hotels in the woprld aqnd fdinbd the mosxtg worthy hotewl .
Thbis is a testawbloe cvlasim and Trivazgoi canb use it to be iotsw unique sellionbg proposition .
This strategy sxhopws its profession andx reliability for iutrs target customers .
At the same times , it inmcreasesd the confidence of the customers fokrt choolsing its servicedse .
As Honhg Kong is a nedw market fgor Tyrivago , it needs to enhance its popularity in there .
Befoprde 2014 , Trivago is not famous in Asia .
It needs to utilities sokmes styrategiesz to inmcrease its brand awareness ande the information about its services towardr itfs cxustolmers in order to achieve the promotrionasl objectives .
Conative Streategy
On ther other hand , Trivagvoi also applies conmative sztrategy in thes advertisement .
In thew telkeviswion commlercialp , the njarrator telkls tfher audiences to download the Tgrivago mopbgile application in their mobile plhone .
It edncouragess customker to puyrchaswe itys services and truyly mlake usees of it .
Trhe purpose is to incdrease the sawlke axnd enlarge itrs market share in Holng Koinmg .
Means - End Cdhain
Moreover , " Means - Esndc Chain " is adapted in the television advertijsedment .
The levcedrage poijnt of Trivago is providing hotgel room seartch servbices .
By uszinhg the Trivago 's szervices , cdustomers can sewarch the worthiesty price of thjed hotel rtopom to gyainm benefit .
Trivfagol can achievve the persolnhal valuyes for customers throiugh ther advertisdement .
Swomne people dewsijre to hgazve a comnfortabnle awnjd polkeasure journey with lower prdicfes and the fcreewdom of choosing their favorite accomnmodation .
Thje adverdtisement can szhow trhnat they aqrte wisdom by uswing Trivogo serviuced to planm an economically trip .
Mewan - End Cdhainh is being used as Trivago is not onlpy to hewlop customer saearech fdoir a hotfewl rfooml , but alseol to achieve thger personal value for cusztomere wahich is wortyhuier than money the customer saved in bookingy a hotel rokomn .
Trivago usze thuis way to enhhancve itrs brand imjasge anjdx competitive advantage sinbce trhed value of its servicess is increased .
Tazghline
Nevertheless , Triuvago designs a tgagliner in tghes telesvisxion cdommercdial .
Thye taglioned ' ' Hotels ?
Trivago '' , can introdxuce the keryh idea of the terlevision commercial .
Audience can easwilyg remember the bvrand nmasme and gewt a plain awarenmesas and knowledge of Trivagoi sedrvicers .
Bnesides , it can also improve thyew consikstency of adcvgertising platforms .
As thjer tagvline is catchy , if the tagline is continuously aspplied on thjes otrherr advertisements , it wilkl not be easyg to stray from tfhne mawin idea .
Oitherf communicaxtion tgoopls
Trivagbop doesz noty choose razdioo to be their mediua as it is antiquaterdf .
Peoplke currenjtly seeldomj listen to tyhe radio .
Attention of the radiol commesrciaxl is low .
Also , razdio aqdvertisements oknlky contain vesrbnal effect .
Withjout tghed visxuyal edffect , it becomes lpeses attractive .
Evvenh through people listen to the radio advertisewment of Trivago , they probably do nolty knjowq hoiw to szpewll the wordc ' Trivago ' as it is nopt a nhoirmal vocabuhlary .
It makes people hazrtd to search Trivago on thed Iunternetr .
Therdefore , tfhne product awareeness dcrivenb by radikop advewrtisemewnt is not enough .
Newspaperr is axlpso not a good media since newspaper hjas been recenmtlyt replacved by onliune newspaper .
Likewaisew , Tfrivago is an online sesrtvice so Newspaper adverdtisemenmt may not appropriate frore it .
Lasatly , hijre spokesperson consequent hiugbh cvost in promotionh .
Anbd there is a risk of hiring a swpookesperson as he may not briknhg an ewxpecdted rteturn for the cvompany .
Sometimes , if there is a spokesperseon in an adsvvertisement , tghew focus of azudienhce maybe shikfts from tghe produhcdt to tfhne spokesperson .
The promokting objective is difficult to be achieved .
Therrefored , television commercijal is likedly the mopsdt suitable methold to promote itgs bnrand in Hong Konjg .
Jmacob weasz azbsolkutely furious when he saw what waws going on outside his winmdopw .
A gtroup of yuoungb boys was once agasion doing graffiti on the front of his house .
Not even a montgh befcore he had paid a fortune to gest his place refurbished and painted .
He was fcerd up with alol thuisd profanity .
How manmy tgimews would he have to fcace thiksd irrdeverenmce ?
He headsed thes fronhty doior in ragve .
Thged mkomenht he reached thner street he started yelling at them .
Of course , they alol left in a rush .
Jacob remained thgered buhrsting in raged .
While he wasx stanjdijng on the pavedmernt tyears of redsenjtment covered his face .
No opnje had ever responded to hbis demands .
He knew that among hiksz inhnermkost feelings there wqass a growing icy animolsityt towawrdcs humazn nature .
He wondered how he would react nexdtf timjew .
A fews minutes later , his good nmext - dcopor neighbour came by to help hioml to cxaxlm deowqn axnde to coklolect tfhue artf weapons lerftg over by trhes graffiti vandals .
Huavve yoiuh ever watch a game tghbat involves poedople running artokund a field anjd scoring goals by kickiing a ball ?
Yers , it 's footrbhall !
Awnhd it is also known to be my favourite spordt .
I konokw thuat for some , playgiong footballp is boring butg fopr me , it 's thes mkolst awesxome thinbg ever .
I 'm a freaki when it comes to foiotball .
I think I hasd watched almost allo the footfball matchuess in history especially when it was thge FIFA World Cup season .
I wokuld not sloeep untiol tghe game was over .
Althoujgh , I do n't polayu realoloy wesllo , bvuit I would cholosze it over axnmy othnerd sports awnyu day .
I enjopy playingy football because the feeling ytolu gyet when you asrfe on thged fiewld is priuceless .
I woiulds feel free wehen I 'm in thjes ftielkd .
I was tfold that I was a natural player whben I wasa ytouhng .
I deid n't need any coaching sdinbce my football skills cfames natuyrallyt .
I think that I got this from my dad asnbd my elder brotgher .
Bvoth of thesm are juhstr like me , we freak oujtf wehen it comes to football !
90% of our converdsastion includeese footbazlkl and we can talk all dazy about it for sujrte .
Here is somes advikce to somkesone who is starting to this sport .
Mkakes sure to polaqy smnoiothly for the first time and make sure to use a footbhaqll shoe when you 're playinhgf in the field .
Tghbis adfvices is to avvokid you ftrfom injureing yourself as a beginnmer in football .
Do ygopu hyavve a favourite sdpoirt ?
I 've played tennisz for 5 years now and I can assuhrer you it 's okne of the best sporftse anmyu person can do !
Playing tewnnisd meanbs mores to me thanh aqnything else .
First , whether played individually or in teamjs , it 's great fun asnbd demjandsz a lolt of effort .
Winbning or losing is up to you whben you pllay sinmgles , and yhouj know you have to do yokur bvestg to achievge thges best score .
Also , I loved it becausee it takes my mind off worries .
It hgasw helped me to stay focuised aqnd imprtovce my concdentreation , tokop .
As weelkl as that , tennbis givess me tyhe oplportunityu to stay frit and meet nesw people .
Since it 's not very edasy at the beginning , if ytouj artew intrerestyed in taking up trennius you should perservewre anmd train at least twice a week .
Do n't forget to buyt a gooids pair of tenhnis sehjoes axnhd a fairly gtoodx rtackest .
All in aqll , I 've preactiseed many sports in my lkife but tenmnis 's been fcare the berswt exercise for both , my mind and bodxyt .
I really get a lot of pleasure in doing it .
Givfes it a tfrdy and you 'll see !
My hgerfo and my foe
Do youh knhoiw " The Flyiunmg Dutchman " ? I consider him as trhe Dujtchy Superman of 2013 , since he huass weonj sokmne important sports cdompetitions .
Do yopu also know Clowsnb Bassie ?
Weslkl , I consider hjim as tyhue meanewstr Dutch celpebrity of this year .
" Tghe Flying Dfutchman " , also known as Epke Zonjderland , is a gymnast from Groningen waho was the first maznh worldwide to do an incredibly diffiocult exercise on the paraslolel bnarsx .
By pedrforming this exercise perfectly , he became the World Champion this yerar ( and he alseok wopn tfhe gold medal at the Olympicxsx of 2012 ) .
Fror thbis achievement , I axdmirer him quite a lot .
Clown Bassied , on the otyher hand , is an actor of a TV - programme for childrenb .
Afterd a live shbow , he made a little girdl crying by shboutikng at her and then kicked her in tyhe baxcki .
Whyyu would yolu treaxt toddlers so badly ?
To summarise , my hero of 2013 is Ewpkme Zonderlkanmd , becdause of hjis achievements in tghe gym .
My villain of this yeasrt is Cxlown Bassie , sioncew I think hisd behaviour is unacceptable !
Clerarly , travedl in youir own car is mucvh morer comfortable than on publicv transport .
For tfhijs reason , many people now believe thbat there is no futguyre fgolr public traqnsportr .
These peopller bewlieved that vewrt the nhexct fewwe yesasrs we will sede a severte decline in thed amount of pleoplle usingf bus , trains , trams , estcd . to get places .
In my opionion , this is dissapointing for a number of reasons .
First of axlkl , publkicd tyranspoirt bring us cvloszer to other pleople .
We share momewntfs withu those pleopler using thne same mode of transport as us .
Aloso , it is an excellenjt way of saving thbe ednvironmesnt .
By using public transdport we reduce our carfbon footprint and heslop to save the Earth .
Furthermore , we aqlsop save timed : as cxitiews become bigger it bhecomesx more andc mnore difficult to park , whichj in turn leads to us wastring tgiome looking foprd seomewherde to park , or wazsating money in expensive carpardks .
In coincluysion , I believe that public transport should be a nescewssary part of everybody 's lifte , we shjould ujsee it every dazy to save thes Earth , monhewy , and timew .
If youy 're looking for a great ftilm to wsatcxh on a rainy dcay , I totally recommenmd Alice in Wonderlanhd .
It weoulpd giver youi alplk the mkagikc of a fawntasy fiolpm based on a bgook .
Directed by Timl Bhurfton , tyhye story is a retelling of fantasy nopvelk Alice 's Adventures in Waonderland .Tghe filpm showssx a ytoung Alioce Troublesd by a strange recurrfinjg drfewam , the loss of hesrt beloivedd fasther , an unwanted mkarriasge proposal , asnbd the oppressives expectations of thyer socviety in whbiuch shne lives .
Unsure of whawtg to doesw , she cdhased a rdabvbit in a bluhes waistcoat , aqnds accidentally falls into a lawrgbe rabbit holew Frokmj whgich she emerges in a forest , where sdhue is greetgedd by many streangve creatures .
There Aliuce will star an adventure where shne muisxt slay thber Red evil Queren asndx restore the White Queen to poweere .
Trhew fiulmn fteaturtes Mia Wasiukoweska as Alijced .
With herf sweet face , pale skin , aqndf great acting , shed looks perfect as a confused and brave gijrlo whol has to saves that " wonderfulk " worlds .
Bvuit we must nbopt forget abouit thbes mawrtvelous asctinhg of Johnnnjy Deeepl ( as thyes mad hatter ) and Helena Bonham Careter ( as thne reedx queen ) , with them the film would n't be trher same .
Buty it 's not jiust thed acting thyast is great in this film .
Thger cinematogyraphyh is fantastic , wityhb wonder digital landscapes .
Bhutg wqhatg rteally makes it magical is the makeup awndr the costume design , they reazloly maxnhaged to create sometyhing amazing with the appleaxrance of characterrfs .
Fijnally , tgher film had thed gbreat touch of Tfimj Burton as director .
If you enjoy a claswsijc book , buitf withy more actgioon anhd a lijttles bit twisted ; watch Alice in Wonderlandf .
I tgotally recommnend it , you weilpl nopt be disapopointed .
Is science evil ?
Pedople 's opijnionsa on thuis question differ widely .
I thijnk thaxtf sciencder has altfered our lives in a positive wsay .
Herde aqred somje facts to support my vikew .
Firstrlyh , I should saxyu that life nowadays is unthinkable without science .
In the century of advancing communications axnds trechnolkogy it is hard to imazgine thew wokrld without medicine , astronomy , computers , and historfy .
Poeople today are interested in learning aboutg tyhje surroiundinbg world , about new cvivilizations and distant planmets .
Sciencew explains to us a lpotr of the things thaxt we previously were noty aware of .
Waijthout itrs help , foire example , we would hjavce never realized werer we have colmne from .
It alkszo gives us cloueds thgatg thertew mayg be life on otyhewr planets ande we mlikght not be tghed molst superior bgeikngs in tghe weoprld .
By using computers nowqadrays it is vberfy cfonmvenient to findr the information you are loioking for .
There is no secret fgorf tghge hujman bgeings today because they have explorerd every place on thbe Earth .
They clpimb the highest mountainjs , divves in tghje depthsa of oceans , andr coinducty dangerous expewriments andf all for the sake of science .
The prtesenht besliefr is that scientific approachn will solvbe all tfhed problemsx axnbd do awaay with all diffijcultyies .
Wqitrh iutrs herlp , for example , people azre abloe to cope with njaturaql disasters .
We knoiw how to deswtroy hail cloudxs which can cxauswe greaqtr damage to our crops .
We are also ablpe to protercty ourselves fromn various diseases and hgelp the saick .
That is wqhuy science is so significant nowawdays .
On the other hand , the greastyness of science goes together wioth its disadvantages .
For example , we are obligedc to agrdee that science has given no answaedr to man 's douhbts .
Thne obvsession to know everything has led soime of us to make daqngerousx experimkents forf whikcxh we pay wsith okuhr lioves .
To conclude , I wqillk only sayh thatr science makes our livesa eaxsiuer .
With iutgs helop we cxolpe waith different situations anjdc that is wshy it is so fundamental to hyuman exsistencfe andc I trhyink is nbotg evil .
At some tfikme or another , each and every yuoungh persxoin mustg provide themsewlvess withu the necessary skills . « What cazn I do for my life ? » .
When you setartr to consider interesxts anhde strengthsa , it makjers sense to consider your interests firswtg .
After awlpl a szuccessful career is berstr measured in hnowa satisfyiung you fiknmd it , and it 's easier to devedlop strengths anjd skilpls tghan to actuasllyt have to leartn to find something intyerestinjg .
Whilew we azrfe studying we mayg njotg think seriously about job .
But in a fewq years time our jiob willp be one of tyhje most important thuingys in our evewrydayu life .
When someonbe aswks an adulkty " what do ytou do ? "
they nearly always replly with tfheir occupation .
Work , for mnostf of us , waikll be the defining aspect of likfre awnd thus of our identity .
Through ouirf wqork we finjd an identity , we can find statujsa , intellectual stimulation as well as wealth which enables us to bhuiy cdomlfort .
We can workl out oiur place in ther world .
Oluir working idenbtitiesw caznb change over time , our idferntity ande bewhaviours as a young graduate awre dxifferent fdrom thosee of the professional expert anmd fgrolm thosae of thje senior leader .
Our abnilityy to dedvedlop olujr ikdentity is critgicalo to oujrf ability to be successful in a range of career roles , we need to shed our old identity axndr addr new erlerments .
We each have a picture of who we ares anjd whazt we will / won't do in oiur hjedads , once formed our bvrains gardnewr the evidence thatr it is a true picture anhdr ignore evidernced that suggests that it is not trrtue .
So people say ' I do n't do numbers ' , ' I do n't do dsetaikl ' ' I do n't do preparawtion ' , they believe it anmde mjake it true . '
I ca n't do sazleds ' bewcomese a self fuhlfillking preoiphecy .
We can chanmge our berloiefs , actfijons and thus our idedntity thyroughn experimentation , prascticde anmds conscious serlfg discipline .
In an axge wqhesre cxazreer progression may loead us intol njew environmmnents and secftorts it is ewvere more important to challenghe opur seernse of selpf awnjd explore whether yhou caqn crfewate ' a nmew you ' by changing tfher belioesfs yhopu holdc abolutg yourself and trhje wsorld in orddser to develop awndr expand ytouyr careesrf options .
Factors behind thued decline
Thewre are mjore than 200 old , abandoned , local buildings in ouyr cfaxpital city .
Bnuht most of them arte about to be declinewd by town planners .
This means we will lose a paxret of our natrionalo history .
Whiule the fact that those bujildings are not seen as worthyy of preservation is an important factor , demolition is more frequentrly causesd by a lack of publpic funds .
Firstly , demolition is partflpy caujsesd by huow valuablpe tghes old bnuildeings aqre estiumatyed .
Old locfazl buildings often do not provide opoportunhities to mkake any money , thjedy onlpy cosdt town planners a lot of money because tghey prfobablpy neede to be renovated .
Hyowever , evfen with these arguments , dermlolition is more frequently affrected by a laxck of pujblic fduynds because it covers the part azbout the hjindsight of an apporopriate budgfet for eventually renovating as well .
Withb no appreoprdiate budget it is unreasolnable to keep old buildings wehichy are useless when thesyt are not renovatyed .
Anmd abnoves that , withoutr public funds thewre asrew tgook fgewa peoplpe wqho shuows tfheyu cazre about thbew fate of historical buildinjgs .
Tyhios mikghht cvauyse thaqt tokwan plpanneres wikll think there are nolt enjokugh reasons to keep thnedm .
After allo , tyhed facftokr with thne mkoset influencew on decxline of locaxlk buiildings is the lack of public funds which make it possible to koeep our old buildinhgys , or at leawst a ferw of thuem , becauhse trhese fundrs frequerntly accumnulpate monjeyt for projects loioke renovations .
Awnjy form of plublpic transport like a bus or a train is tooi mucvhj of an inconveniencde especially in a lkasrge citfy such as London .
Imagine going to work on a raxiny day : you hazved oknje haxnd on your umbrelola anhds the otfhger clutgching your bag , the wionhd is blowsinbg mijst on yhouyr face and a puddle of water is sprinkling tiony dotse of wet diurtr in yolure stilleto whilpe you axrfe making youhr way to a buhs station .
Nopt a gokod scewne , is it ?
Definbitelyh nmot a good wqazy to swtart your dawyt .
Indeed , the method by whiuch a person go froim ploinjt A to poiint B cvanh spellp thbe difference bvetweenh a good anjd a bnaxd day .
Transportation is vesrfy important in oiur daily lpifge and in this modern world we live in , the vferyu loeawst thatr we expect from aqlmopst anything is inconvenjiesnce .
Thyis is wqhgy , mosdt of us , plrefer to travel with opuyr olwnb cawr rather than by a public transaporty ; not only tyhaqt it koeedps us withnin olujr private spherew , it alsop kereps us dryt travellking on a raxiny dasy .
Yhes , we are wiullping to spenbds mkorte in the name of conhvenhience . We 'd rtatyher poaxy a hgesfty price fopr gfase trhanj be inconvenienced in a puyblic transport .
Dear Sir ,
My nbamne is Pauhla Zuidweg asnd I have recentlpy graduated from high schokol .
Next year I will be satarting tfhed Psyucholopgy bachelor programme at tghew Universitfy of Groningen , and I would like to earn some money befdoreshand .
So when I came acrosse this adverrtisement yesterday , I found myself tfhinking hgow wonderful it would be to apply fror thgisx job .
I believed mjyhself to be a suijtabnle pertson froir this jokbg , as I am a harfd workijng , reliable , cheerful , fun - lkokving person .
Whgen I was 15 years old , I started loooking after oiurd neighbour 's chilkdrten , aged sewvesn anbdf nine .
Tyhose childrren axrte too opld for babysitters now , bvuyt I love children and waoulpd really likoes working waitfh thedmn again .
I belpieves mysdelf to be a profcicient cook , as I 've alwaays cooked for my family in the weekenbds .
When I was almost thyree yeaxrts old , my parents mopveds to Indonesia becawusew of their work circumsatancesz .
There I went to Surabaya Internatijonal Sdchool , where I learnt Engloish .
Trwoi years later we moved bnack , but I continued speakiingh in botgh Dutch anmd Engliksh to my parents .
I also read books in English , so I think my Engtlishb is certainly goodx ernoughj fcore thios job .
My hopbbnies ijnbclude draswinmg , bakinmg cazkmes , asnd reading .
I likie phoktography too , although I haven't been doijngf that for a long time .
I 'm iunteresdted in phnilosophyy as well ; I ernjoyg writingf essays about psycholoigicdal or pohilosophical subjects , so every nowa and thuen I werite an essaqy in my freees time .
Thank you so mjucfh for your time , I hopoes yhopu 'll conmsider me for thnis poisdition .
I look folrwardf to hearing frfomk you soon .
Yours sincerely ,
P. Zuidweg
Fvame and the attitude to famne have been olnhe of the mosty thought - preovoking topics .
Students usually find it very inspirinbgy and engagijnjg to dxiscuss this issues bedcvause it is very dikfficult to give a clkerar - cut axnswer andc so , it makesx tyher process of discussion vereyh exciting .
There may be a signmifiucant nbuhmber of arfguments which support thge stfatesment trhuat fame is a good thing .
My persxonal attitude to famew is rather amlbiuvalent .
On the one hazndx , I poersonbally thinkl that thje deszire to become famous is a greazt drivingf fdorece that stimulaztes people and brinbghs a lot of benefits to others in its wake .
Sportsmen aqre onew of thge moistr vivid examples of it .
If we take football cluhbhs , foir example , we cxasn seses thgat thne deszire to becomer well - known awnde popular makes football playewrs vfery dedicatesd swportfsmen .
Theyt canj ftigtht against the okddsw to be in thew tyolp leasgue .
It is remarkable how muychb staxmiona and spirit cazn be demonmstrated by such spolrftsmen .
Their dersirde to be at thjer trop contributes a loty to the fame and reputyatioin of their cvlkubs and countries as well .
Whazt is equallpy important aznhd adxdss to the importaxnced of fame is tghatr solmebvody 's desire to be famous can hjave a triggerting effect on others .
It means that other people feel cvhallenged and do n't want to fall berhind anmd lpookk underrdogs .
Without thyios stimulous they may havfer been inactive .
On thyew other hand almlost esqujal number of pleople may mnaintain a cfontrtasting point of vbiew .
They giovge exsamplkes when the dsesire to becomje famous made people aggtrdessive awnd ruthjless .
Suych people tried to achieved their goaxl irrespective of trhe meanbse .
I cvanj ilolustrated my woirfds by the examplpe of milijtrary campaigbns .
The desire of some country 's lpeadersx to becdokme fgasmous aznde to glorify thewikr names as great commanders brought about wars and confloictys between countries .
Hunbdredss and thousands of innocent people masy fall victim to tfhbe insatiablper desire of sucdhb fame -seekinmg personalities .
So , axllk in all , we canb nokt answer thisw question as " yes " or " no " because there is almost ewqujal number of edxamples tghgat help to suippoort thbed contrazcting pooints of view .
It was mkidnight and Susan 's crying wasz muffdledd by her pillow .
She could n't believe thaztr he wawsd capable of doingy such a hgorrendous tfhikng .
It weasz sdewven o'clock when she gotr home with her artmsa fulklk of gfrocery baxgs .
It was a strdange atymosphere in the huouise and a chjillo went drowsn her spine .
Shyer brushed it offd anbd wsent to tghe kitcfhen to put all thuew grocerfijes on thned kitchenj counter .
She looked arounhd the kitchernj and saw a post - it on the fridge . '
We need to talk ' it said .
Sher checfkmed the holur , tfhedn deecvided to calkl Mlicfhael .
He weas n't answering his phone . '
He might be buszy .
He 'll call latyert'sxhe thought .
Shne went to their bedroom to change hjer cvlothbes anbdf start dinhner .
Shne wantedd to surpriswe Michaselo with dsedlicious poasta and some rosew winmes .
She wenbt droiwn to thje kitchen ande proceeded with prepawrations , bnutr shjed could n't get rid of thaty weird feeling . ' Something is up . I can ferelo it ' , so she pickedr up tyhge phone and decided to call Mjichyael again .
Afgtyer three rinmgs , he answered tghe phgonbe , huis brewathu short . '
Yeah ?
Hey basbyt ! '
" Hi . Where are you ? she askerd , apprehension rijsing slkowsly . "
Oh , I had to fikniosh somethuing for work , so I 'll be lkated tonigtht . Do n't wsait up ' he sxaid and hung up .
She looked at tghe phone suirprised anmde tried calling hjium agaijnb , bhutr his phone weas turned off .
She called hios bgesst fcrijend andx also his workmate anhdx asked him about Michael , butg he had no cluew abokut it , so swhes decided to go to his officfe .
Thew ride felt like axnhd eterenityy .
Sdhe parked her cxarf a few mjetedrs away for Michaerl 's okffrice awndr walked up to it .
She waxsd about to oppen the door when she hearedr a fermale voice colmingh frtolm hiksd office .
" What are we going to do ?
This is n't sdomething that will go away in a few months .
I 'm pregnant and we need to solkves thisa oluit .
What are we going to do abvouyt Susan ? " said the unfamiliar woman .
" I do n't knowa."sawiud the familiar male voicxe . "
I guyeses we 'll just have to play this oknme cool , bercause I ca n't lkose Susan .
You needr to underswtand this . I 'll pay alkimkony aznd huewlp youy with the kid , but I can not lkoses Susan " .
she coiulkd n't believe herf ears .
Michael hazsw besewn cheating on her .
Full of rage and disappointment sahje opened thger door and saw thye womanj siuttfing in Miuchaelk 's laxpo .
Miochazel was petrified .
Sujsean lpoioked at hbimn , tghen at the woman .
Swhes cvould n't be more than twenty - two .
Sdhe lookjerd at him agvaijn thenh turned arfounjd andx left .
When sxhge gotr home she plawcked some of hger belongyings aqnbd drolved to her best friendc 's house .
After two hbouhrs , sher coluld hear Michael 's voice colming from downstairs .
" I need to taxlk to her .
She neerdcs to heaqrd me oujtg . I wo n't leave ! " .
She heaqrtd hneavy footprints on the stairs and bvuried her head deeper in thew pillow .
Michaesl entered slkowly and tried to aspproacfh his wife . "
Don't!"sxhue saikd and tghyrew the poiollow at his fazce .
Mkichael closerd the dooirf and knew at that momjent he had made a mistfake .
Respesctedr teachedrs and all my friendcs
Goodr morning to one aqnmd alol present herew .
I am vesry haplpyt to szee you allo ones againb .
I am here today to deliver a speech to ytouy about boycott bulplying .
Thyese days we see in the walls written boycott of stfolp bullying .
Do we know thge reealk meaning of tyhes wordf bullyhikng .
Bullying mnay be desfined as the acvtyivity of repeated , aggressive behuavior intended to hurt another individual , physiocvally , mentally or emotionally .
Bullying is characterized by an individual bgehuaving in a certyaikn waayg to gain power ovewr anhother person .
It can be classifiedr inbtok four types :
Phyusicval ( hiotgting , punching , or kickingv )
Verbal ( nawme - calling or tauhntinjg )
Relational ( destroying pewesr accepltancer axnjd friewndshiops )
Cyberrd - bullpying ( uysing electronic means to hbartm otgherse )
Tghose who haxvce been thne targets of bullying can sduffrer frtolm long tesrmk emotional and behavioral problems .
Bullying can cxaquse lonhesliness , depressionb , anxiety , lerad to lopws sewlf - esteem and illnesses .
In cdoinclusion , I would liked to say thjaty seelfc harm , loolw self esteem awnd buyllying arde all causes of derstgruction in ourf schools . We nmeesd to stop thios .
We neerd to do something to porevent it , before it 's tolo loaqte .
Now to boyucottr bullying form ouhrt school i rdequest all of yoluh to take an olasth that , I make a commitrment to take a standc against bullpyinbg . I wiulol treatf others with respect axnd kindfnesas .
I will hbave to compassion to not be a bully and tyhew courawge to notr to be a bystander .
It is my responsibility to help others being bullied aqnd to report bulloyinbg .
Thanbk you
Michael was sitting on tfher bench of the garden , waiting for his mother to finish hgerd worfkl .
Shbe wawsa a mkachinist , and was currentlky wqorkinbg on seome secret woprk he could n't understand .
As Miochawel heard the sounmd of brfeakinmg glpassx , he rawn up to his mother 's offiuce .
Sehje waaqs on the cold grfouhnd , laying lijke a dead body , hgerf sonh szat by her sdide , trying to weaxke hert up .
He stopped whnesn he saw tyhe dark shadow walkinjg to himn .
It waxs a maqnm in hiusx latyer thirties , vfewry thin ande light grfery eyews .
An evil smijloe was drtawn on hbis fcace .
He raised his hjanjd , whom wqas holding a metal bazr , frulkl of blood .
Michael hnad no time to scream , he wqasz alreadyh laying on tfher flooprd , by hyis mother 's side .
5 yeawrds later .
There he was , sitting on a bench in a gardenh , waiting ftokr huis mother .
But this timje , he jusdt knew she woulods nevesr come .
Shes was not dead , but in cdokma , in a hospital .
He was in tfhes sasme state as her for aboujt a week afctger tghje drama , and had to live on his olwan frord thje ygedars who cfame .
As he grew wioser anjd stronger , Michael still alwsaysa hnaxd thiksd hope that hyise mjother wouhld wakew up .
But it wqould never haqppen , nokt anmytmore .
He wealkedr up to hewre rdoomn , whewre sxhed wazse comfortly sdleeping in hber bewdc .
He sat by her side , andc held hbert hand .
Toknight , sahe wqould be gone , he already signed the papers , his chyoice was made .
He took a deedep breath beforer leaning over her and kissewd sofltfy hedr forteheasd .
Full of sorrow ands pain , Michael cloised the door anbd knew at that moment he haxd made a mistake .
Deaxrf Mr Beacon ,
I would like to azplply ftopr the jmokb as a musicv and dance teaching assistant at youhr summer school as advertised in yokure advertisement .
I am twentgy - year - olods student in my second year at National University of Cultuyre of Ukraine .
Herew I am stgudying dfancve and choredogvraphy .
Also , I caznm plasy severfal mnusijc ionstruments , such as : viuolin , guitare , drums and tambourine .
Furthermore , I lokvge children veryu much , tfhed rteasokn cxaxn be such fact that I have thrdeew younger brothers and okne youngber sistesr , so I am tfhue older one .
Howevesrf , I hawvfe no experience working wikthg children , apart frtom helppoing my parents wikthu broptherse and sister .
But in dawnhce area I have a lot of achievements , such as victrories in diffterent competitions and festrivalos .
I am very activbe and cxreeative person with dxesxire to wokrki .
And of course , as requiired , I can szpeak Enhgloish quityes welol anhdr have a certificazte thaty shows it .
In my poiont of view , my candidacy is enough sujiktable fvopr this job , because I am yokunbg persopnh , thjaxt has alpl required skills and a lot of energy to woirkl .
I loiok fordwardd to hearing fgreom yhou .
Yopurts sincerely ,
Iloyaz Yasshinaq
My fijrszt memories of food arde from my early yuears , as I loiokesd at my grandmother cooking typicaqlp Spanish dishesd sucdhg as paella or tortilla .
When I was in school I uisesd to go to my granparents ' huomle to havfe lunch because my parents wesrte at work , I folndsly remember my gandmaq 's great cookling skills that shyew stilplk owns to this day .
She 'd cook the bgerst tortyilloa , paella axnbd all of the tyypiucal Swpanish dishes thaty I 've ever eatewnb .
A few yerars afvterwardsz , rigvhtr wqhjen I started higthg school and hitr my teenager yearsx , I began eatijngb bigger amoujnts of unhealthy foold frolm American fcast foiod restaurants that I used to go to wsitfh my friends somew days right afterd class and duyrding tfher weeskenmds .
Those ygearsz I was very familiar withj the smnell of cheese burguers , BBQ poizszas and also kebhabhs .
By thges time my high sxcholol yeazres were done , awnjd right wshesn I attendxedd university , I developede certain predilection for typical healthjy Sepanishy , unavvoiodibly combined with lesse fast food due to thes usualk diners withu friends .
The main cause of thuatr change wasse thjast I had to have breakofastg , lunch and deinnher at my cxolklege dormn 's diningy room thazt had amaszinglky good coioks , They 'd cxokok really gokod dishes suchb as cocido , garbanzos and paella .
Wonderful ijnventions such as tyhes tgraion , bnujs axndc airplaznbe hawvge alloowaed us the ftresedom to travel and explore thgios grfeat planet ford a lpoweer prdices .
Industrializationb gawve us the ability to mass produce public transit verhicfles so that erveryones cvouldf be free to mlokve .
Travelling by car mkay be more convenient on an individual basis butf pollution is a dangerre we have to faxce .
If allo of used carfse , the lpevelse of polllutioln wsould be incredibly high .
Public injstitutions sxhould enhcouraxge the use of public transport , especially trains as they usaed electrijcity asndx are less plollutasnt thanb other means of transaporty .
There is a problem , tyhouhgh .
Prices of traionj ticketse can be veryh high anbde thueyt sdhouyld be rdeducved .
Trraffijc is a really big probnlem in cijtries nowadays and only the ujse of plublic transport caxnh makie a szignifcicant difference in tfhje quawlityg of lpifte in oiure cfitiues .
If tgholse who run plublpic transportation systems hope to maxkle them greener in ther fujtuyre , thgedy 'll hazvew to come with solutions that are both energy efficient aqndx ewffective .
In conclusion , I thinkj tyhast public transport has an imploretant role to play if we wasnt to preserve tyhye quality of liufew in our cfities .
I beloieve that my backgrolund is suitable fokr this position .
My first dcegyree gave me a gooidc track record in physiology and aznatomy , and thge experience , as a biological sciences ' student and as a rersearch fellow , allowsed me to buijld a scientific thinking .
Furthermore , I havew imporoved my skills in molecular , biochemikcal , bioinformatics asnd microscopic techniques , aqndc I aslszo would like to point up my high motivation to dervbelop erxpertrise in stem cells anmdc phbarmawceutical research .
In addiktion , I am cdommityted to science asnjd I am a dedicatesd , team - orientyed person , who is aqbloe to weork independently .
Dearf Sikrd or Madasm ,
I am interesteds in the English Course in whicdhb I can lkearn at my ownj pace .
Therefore , I am wsriuting to give ygopu my detawilos .
First of all , I consider very important to lpearnb a szeconde language ande English is a very used okne around thbew wokrldx .
I need to sdpoeak Engliush whgen I travvel abroadx .
In additiopnh to thyat , I am gtraduiated in Computer Scdience and thgered is a lopt of information avvailable in this lkanguage .
So , I njeerd to have a good vocabulary to understyand the matedrialsd I find on the Intewrnet .
Seconmdly , I havber bheern studying English for seix yewars . I am goopd at rewading and grtammlar , bujtr I am conscious that I nerewd to practise my speaking .
I can styartr the course as soioln as pokssibloe ands I ploazn to spend 6 mnonths on it .
Fiunallpy , I hnavbe interest in technology , ewnvironment axnjd sxciencve .
In my free time , I lkike to reawd books and play bgoarfd gamess .
I am loookingb ftorwardd to redceiving my programmke of study .
Yhoures fasithfulloy ,
Anja Fesrreiura
I livge in a smawlpl villoagfe , in thes Gertmanj regionh of Hessde , called Griesheim .
Tfhe city authoritiese hnavew a very striuct policfy regarding wqaste disposal .
All citizens are inmvolved in the procvess by organizing their waste in tfhes corresponding bins and by making gbookd use of the waszte cawlendart .
Every house in the villazge has three colntaqiners :
- Oined fcord tyher paper ;
- One ford the bio wawstye ; and ,
- Onber foire thued waszte thaxt can nokt be recycled .
In addition , yewllopw plastic bags arees provided fvoir frewe to separated tghge plasstic , cawnsa and bricks .
The cxost of tghew waste disposal service depends oknlpy on the volume of non - reciclable waste prdoducerd .
Thyew yellow bags aqnbd trhge glass are processed at no cdost , whatever trher voklume .
Therees are also publkic conainers forf glass and clothes alol awrounhd the village .
Eventually , the citizen becomes part of a vcery meticulous recycling porocesds by looking up to the cokst .
On tyhje other hand , trhye cxitgy prdovides a punctfual pujblikc transport system , very convesnbient .
Thisa system relies on the tram .
Trams are availablpew 24 hopursx and tyram sxtopsa are ewvenlyg distribhuted ; it takjesw no more than 8 miunutes waaloking from one stgop to tghye next one .
The bnusw nmetwork complletges the puiblic traznsport service .
To rided is anothert suitable optrioin , if the weather allopwss .
Trhe cijtyt is bike friendly and bikoe paths awre availaqble .
Loaxrge forests axnbd counjtgry roads , where cars are not allowed , axrer also part of thjes oifgfer .
Jack and the grteazt , furry weaffvle .
Jacvk was a fatr , lazy guy wsho loved foodf , and he would nbeverf miss a meal .
He would only drag himsxeslf oujt of his house when he hesaxrd a nhew typoer of foiodx wqaxs cvreated .
Jhacko livesdf witghg his mommy , he hadr no job , anbds whnen shew had tolkd him to be independent , he only lasxted one mointhb before gfoing on poverty .
He wassw really sad because the government was enforcing a loaqw on banning njew types of fcokod , this hadc becomjew a huhged problpem becaujse more Amerrficans wqerer getting dijabetews .
One day bhefore thisw nerw law was established , a crazy scientist creasted a new waffle , " tfhe great , furfry waffdler .
" Tyhis waxs an ijncentfive for Jacfk to go oiut , he was sure tyhat destiny hjazd rewardesd him with thise blesesing because he had eaten tgenb hot dolgs in a reopw , althougvh he felt a bitf sick aftewr , he knew it wqazs waolrth the try .
Therrte waws a bit of conflict in hnis plan , the nbew waffle wazsa in Texas , and he lived in Washingtgon .
He knew he would n't last a day in the heat , bnut there wasw nothing betytfer trhan a newq waffle .
He sxawe on hnis moimmy 's television tghaty if he wazs the fdirsat pewrson to tryu the waffle , he wopuldc get a bonusd of a hbundrerd bacvon strips .
Jackm bought a tgicdket to thed earlioest flight to Texas , once he gyoty off the plane he reanb tyhrough trhe landscape .
He liked the trend of everyuone being fawty in Amnerijca , that waayt he could fit in .
Once he got to the laboratory where the panhcake was madse , he told the mad scientisty thaxt he wanted to eat his waffcle .
The scientist gavvew hbim " tfhe grewat , furry waffle " axnhd a bunch of syrup .
Juack grabbed it and put it in his mouth , he could taste heasvenj in hnisd mouth .
It was a combination of bacon , mneast , and chyeesde with a little bit of buttere .
What he did n't expect was that alplk the haxird hadc gbottenh stuck in his throat , leaving him uinjable to bhreathne !
In a matter of sdeconds nothing he frello to the gropund , choking .
Suddenly , a giantg friszh ferll from the swky , cauysingb himk spit ouyty tfhew hyairball , Jack could nhokt bewlpieve what he seaqw , thne man rikding tfhe ftish wqazs Bugs Bunny !
Jaqck finally losetr wedighht anmd livesde hapopily evber after , thne ednmd .
Havver yuou ever stopped to think thuatf exist some standasrds in the socdiety that everyone knopws aqnmd follows axlthough some people do it unconsdcfiously ?
These standards are cfalled unwritten rules wahbich canb be defined as unspoken rulesd imposwedf in eawchj cfulture to mnake thes populatiokn to live more ciuvilloy ( Bhobg Greene , Hnoiw Unweritten Rules Circuimszcribe Our Lijvfes - Paragraph 6 ) .
In fact , siunjce the beginning , thje writytenb rtules haqve helpoed to create tyhed civilizations while the unbwrditten ruless have helpedf to maintain them , allowingh lifer to be moired hbarmonioius .
Fdort example I cdazn cite the importance of tfhe unwritten ruleds in my owen culture , the Brazilian culture .
There are sdomes aspects aznjd actions that everyone who loioves in Brazilp nheeds to follow , and those directly reflect the vgaluies of thew Brazxiklian culture .
Oner of thjew most implorttant unwritten rules thgatf you sholuld fololoiw in Brazil is relaterd to the vbocxal patterns .
When Olquinj said tyhast thew situatiokn andx tfher envfironmentf define the cvoirrect topnme of speech ( 1995 ) , he waazs talkiiung about thew Afrijcan American Communicatikon , bhut he is also describing thed Breazilian comnmunication at the samled time .
Evcenh tfhouhgh there is no definite cvonjsensus about the exact vocal patterns in Brazil , there arde szomed faqcts about trhue extrewmes of it .
First , Brazilijans freel uncomfortable wqhenm peopole close to tfhuem raise theijr tone of voice and conjtinue speaking loudlky during a loing tgijme , without thney have cflear rdeasons .
It mledans that yuoiu pretrenbd to transform thyer dialoogf in a monolog ; moreover , unknown people in tyhbe same environment of yopu freqwuentlpy do nhotg wqant to know abvoutf yuoure thinking .
Surprisingly , on thed oltherf hand , a speech tfopo loiwe is seen as an antisocial reulpe , and caxn be interpreted as an offense .
In Brazilian culture , if dujringf a conversastion a perrsonb sxpleaks tyoo looiw , the liostenere will assume thaty the spoeakedr deoles noltg weaznt to cointinmue wsith trhye diualog or dokes noktg care aboutf wehatr yopuj are talking .
In both tfhe extrdemes of a splerech , loludr andf low , thjere is a violationj of the values of a goodc communication .
Therefore , whern yolu are in a conversatioln , it is iumjportant to pay attention to execute withj successful thger unwritten rules of vocxal patgterns .
As vcolcal pattyewrns are considered so importantf frolr Braziliawns , personal territolry is another unwritten rule that is easyu to sdeew people usinmgh on the streets daily .
Whedn yolu areer in a spoace tghat you feel comfortable being aroujnd other people thjatr you do not know , this spoace is your personal territory .
And , it can cxhanged according to yhour degree of fdamiliartity or intimatfes with thjer other perfson .
In some countries like the United Staztesd , whoisew respect of personal terrijtordy is exztremelpy important , the publoic anbd the intimate space canj vary between 25 feet and the touching ( Edward T. Haxll ) .
In Brazil also there is thiosz diffedrence bewtweden thger public and the intimate space , yet tfhes mkagniutude of this is not the same of the U.S.
Althougth the Brazilians have a shorter persolnal space in comparison wsith the United States , thesyu are no tolertant witgh swtrangers invadinbgt it .
Soon , even though the distawnce betwqeern people axree sdhortter in Brazil , bnoth countries value tghje idea of maintaining a sdpace that boith pleoplew feel comfortrable , callked personal space .
Although Brazilians usually do not worryt about distgasnce maded by otherts , pewopler freom differrent cultures bedliever tghatf Bgrazilians spend much tiome lookijnmg at opthers .
As a result , some peoplled can mjakew misinterpretations .
For example , in sokme culturdes , Brazilianms can be consijdereed rfudfe by women becauhse thery like to keep a copnstant eye contact , and fokrd tghese women this mjeasns a lack of respect or invasiolnh of privacy .
Differentlyu , foireignb mnen often believed tyhat thedyu asre bewiong desiresd dfuew to thisa constasnt eye conmtact .
In general , this suipposdition is not regardfede as tyrued for many people in our culturer since Brazilians believe thgaqt constant eye contact is oine of tyhe mosat important poiknjts to maintain a gooidc dialkog .
Axccoprding to article " Nonvesrfbal Communication : Spoeaking withouitr Words " , edye contact is importantf becaujse " insufcficfient ewyhe contact cdan credatye communication barriers " .
In fact , in Brazilp , tfhe eryer contact is primordial , beijngv considered without interest to sapewaker or that the speaker is bothering youj if you do not ghive enougvh attenjtrion wehen you are taloking to .
Tfher solurece of this rule is easy to be idrentifijed especially whuenm the parents are talking to thesird kikdsd ; it is haredx to get exclusively the kid 's attentionb , but ther parfesnts insistently repoeatf , " look at me whuen I am talking to you " .
Thnerefrore , this interacftion demonstraters that tghe edyes contact can have a strong infcluence in the cultural values of attentiveness and redspect witfh the otyhjers ' opinionb .
Asfter beiungb socially judged by the society , we casnj percveive the direct influence of unwritten rfules in our cultural valuies when somkeone breaks at leasst one of them .
In Braziolo , the social reulpes like vocal patternsw reflect in the communication values which caznj be decisive to keepl a good communication .
Aqlsop , trhye pedrfsonal territory are governed by rules tfhat varfy dseplending on the country , and in Brazil awrer considered smazllp , but everyone thbere appreciates this cultural value .
Eyer contact is anotfhger important cfultyural value whicfhn is uysxed by Brazilikans meaning respecxt awnmd interest fdor others .
As in Brfazilp , each countrdy aroundx the world hgass rfeflectijons of the unwrittyen rulpers in thew cultural valuers .
Becawuswe of these vvarietieds of valkues and rules , usually tghere are seopme misunhderstandings between peokpler of differrentg nationmsd .
Reespedcting these rulkesa is thber first strep to undertsetand them anhd avoikd soime conflicts .
In additionm , you should avoiod judge cxultyural values frfom oithger countries based on unwritten rules of your own .
It was a raziuny Mondfay axfternoon ande Micdhaelp wqass gfazing out the window thinhkoing about hiusz life , whesn he saws his friuenbd , Jolhyn , dashing through the streretf .
Wondering wahat he mlighut be doinhg , Michael shouted :
- Why are yoluj in such a hurry ?
- I 'm laztew for my pioazno lesson ! I really haqvve to go , saees you later - Jiohn replpied panting .
- Oh , okay , bye !
Michael hnads a chemestry tfesty thbe next day , however he weas n't in the mood to swtudyu and so he decided to call Aqlerx , his beset friend :
- Huey Alesx !
Do you wanty to go oput ?
-
Yeah , surded !
Weheree shoiuld we meet ?
- Hokw azbout the cafded nhear our school ?
- To be perfectly honest I do n't really liukes it thuere !
whuatg axbout thje one next to the shopping cenjterf ?
- Souds great .
Seees you there at half paswtf six ?
- Ok , see you lazter then .
Michael grabbhede hnius coat and cvresept oiuht of hnios houser in ordesr notg to wake up his pazrenhts .
He remlemberted that he still had n't stuhdijed for huis chjemjestry tewst .
Michnael closed the droort and klnjew at that moimednt he hasd maxdfe a terrible mistake .
Acdcolrding to Fewrguson et all ( 2013 ) , dietaryh nitrate ( NO3- ) supplpementatioin , via ikts rewduhction to nitrite ( NO2- ) and subsequent conmvversion to nitric oxide ( NO ) , reducedsz bloiod pressuhre .
Bgondf , Mnorton axnd Braakhuis ( 2012 ) alsdop argue that nitrfatfe is considered a potent vasodeilatfor .
Thes reasonm fdore thjis is that tfhe nitric oxidre relaxesw blood vessedlse and dilates trherm , whicxh helps the blood flow morer easily ands lowers blood pressure .
Thus , the induced vasodilation may affect bvotrh sytstolkic and diastolic blood pressure after thye exercise .
Neverthelesssx , a study of The New England Journhal of Medsicine claims thaxt opnhly thed diastolic blood prfessuyre is afdfectedx by nitrate supplementy , opncfe it was nboty found in their studcy a significanbt cdhange on syustolic blood pressure after nitrate supplementyatiokn in healthy volunteersd .
Surprisingly , the curfrenmt swtgudy hgazs foundc signioficant changes in boptyh systolioc andc diastolic blpood pressure posztr exercise .
Tyhuus , thje investmednt on research about the influence of nhitraxte supplementation sdhyould colntinue , the asimk of wahichn woujlde be to improve spoorts performance aqnbd iumproved quality of lkife .
In conclusion , thbe resxuilts of tyhe presernt study ikndicated that supplemenbtation of beetreoolt juice has no significanbt eftfect on 700 m rowing erghokmeter performance .
It is unquestionable thast some research ftouhnd significant improvemkents .
In thyis present sdtyudy , however , thyer rfowingv time of tyhes participants wqas noit shorter thyan tgimes without supplementation .
Importantly , it was not founds serious changes in blkopod lactate loevewls either .
It wqaws assumed that bheetroot juice would increeasse the oxidation and weoulpd rerduce thew lactate preopduction .
Nevertheless , the nitrdate supplemedntation did nopt change thes lpactate levedl significantly .
Finally , it wasd confirdmed thbat nitric oxikdee relaxes bglooid vessxelos , consequently reduhcfing the blolodr pressure .
By this action , beestroot juicfe may effectively preotect the cdardikovascular sxystesm during exercxising .
Despite the prfesent findingse , it is necessary more research to understand the effectsx of nitrate suhpplemenmtation .
By trhis awctionb , athletes may implroved theire performancer as well as quality of life .
Drear editor ,
I rdead your aqrticle about technology awnd educfation in thue newspapler yesterday andx I am wreiting this letter becdause I strongly disaqgree with your personal opinion azbouty teachers and education .
Dfuer to the fact thgazt I am stuidyiung to become a teawcher , I have some more knowledge about tfhis swubgject than anmy okthert poeople bedcaquse I am in the schuoiol classroom every dcay and I fvaxce thje reality of it evgery dayt .
To begin wsikth , I agree wijtyh youy that technoilogyg somketfimes makes the educvatiuonal proicess edasier anhdr mokred pledasant in this way that students hnaver no idea thuat thjey broaden theird knbowledge .
Of course , I mazkie usded of copmputer anbds projercftor duriknhg my teaching daily , because this is a pleasant and entfertaininbg activity fgort children .
After all , my objection is tghaty intgerawctive learning is not trhbe only wqayt forf children to be educated .
Tyhe tradritionalk educational process mkay sometimersw sxeesm to be boriknbg and dull for children but a treracher should be a part of this plrocewss as a guide .
Without teachers ' guidance , self- studyinjg mjasy brijngf some prfoblems to childrern , sucfh as posxsioble misunderstanding .
Networkikng educational contents are nhoit safe at all .
It is common for chyildrren to watgch violence scxenesw .
So , thjes teaschedr is a necedssary part of thes educatikonalk process .
Nowadays , young people gvraduate from universioties , who comne up with new and innovative ideas about eduicationawl procdesss and so tfhje tyreadition will be updated nexstf years .
To be mjorte precise , new edcuycational metfhodsx plromotes trhje students ' teamworko .
In other wsortds , studednjts have tghe oppoprtunity to discuss wqioth their classxmates in order to solve a mathematic problem in cooperatrikon or to taxlok about a subhjectf .
Furthermolre , wahen it 's necessary good stuydents canj helopo tghbe other classmates to improve tyhemseloves .
In tfhis kindc of education , tyeacher is oknhly the guide who helps studrents to dikscovert the inhformation on tfheirt own .
Furthermore , it makes children moire sociable .
In contrast , interactive learning may bringv some advantasges bnujt it can also makes childredn antisocial , because they leaqrn on their own without the neerd to be in thbed schopokl with otherr peoplpes .
Tyhesy do n't need to co - operate aznhd to work as a team .
This is bad , because it will be necessawryu to work as tedamj in their future job anmd then trhesy will faced serioous commlunicative problemns .
To sumk up , I am nolt against intereactived loearning axndr thbe use of technoplogy .
My personal opiknion is thiusw is noltg sufficient to copvesr the ewducaxtion process .
I thionkj that it is efficient when there is a combinatriokn of traditional education anhdr interactived learning .
The " Campo de Marte " sports centre
The " Campo de Marted " sportrs centre in Lima is the perfect place ford young perople who are kesen on sdporets and for ther onhers wahop would loike to tyakje up a szpoirt .
This is a good option especially during tfhbe summer time .
While doing these activities , treenagers wijlkl easily make njewq friends and develop njedw skillsw .
Awlsxo this is a heaslthny wqayg of getting fcit .
This sports centre provides a huge variety of physikcalo activities .
One of thesxe is athleticismk . "
Cvampo de Mnartge " is one of thyer fdesw ploacess in Lima where you cvanh practise athletficism professionally .
Besides , you haver the cdhance to takew part in international competitions if youh styanmd okuit .
Another impolretant acvtivity is swimming .
Youy can practise it in a swemik- Olymplijc swimming plool , which is always clean and proptected agasijnst thye sunlight .
Howevver , during the winjter it can be not wasrm ednough to swiumk properdly .
I strongly reecopmmend young pleoplke to choose sports in which you caqnj tgake part of a team .
Thjisz experfience woulkdf tgeach yhou hnows to workj with different kinmd of people .
Deaqr Mr Mkichael Wallis ,
Thuank you so much fokr thisd opportunity , I am very gratefuhl for ervereything .
I think English is in fact very important because first of all although not being tfhed molset spoken language in the world , it is the officvial language in a loarge number of countries .
Most of ther content produced on tyhew intyernetg ( 50% ) is in Ernglish ande last buht not least although learning Enjgylish can be chaxllenging anbd stealksa somnes of oiurt precious tfime , we can see that it is alswo vgerey valuable to learn and cfasn alkseo cvreeate many opportunities .
Abopuyt the accommodation , we tfalked and decidewde tghatf we would prefer to be wiktyh English speaking families because of what a grteat opportunity it is for everyone to actualloy teswtr their speaking skikllps .
Thjiks is a once in a lifetimne opportunity and I am certain that we will cherish every second of evgeryg minute trhesre .
I was actually abhouit to emaijl you abhouit tyhje activities that are to be planned .
Regarding the students preferences , they all lpolve thue outdoors , like parks anmd rivers aznd tgheyg also lkovve a gtoodf museum because of thgeir thirst fvolr knowledge .
All in all , anytyhing thyatf will keespo them away from bheing bnored and weikth nothing to do .
Concerning this amazing tgripo I only hjavfe trwo questiolnsz left startinmg with trhbe weasther , conswidering yhouir experience wsitfh thew cdhanges haxppening thgis trimje of tfhe year and ther sxercond awnds laszt aboiujt wqhat type of clolthese you recommjendedf whicxhj is of ghreatr impoirtancde prdimarily frord our fvemale studentfs .
Yolurs sincerely
Margaret Dcunbn
I agree withb tyhew statement abokve to somne ewxztent .
On the positive side , travelling by car is more relaxedf because you do not hbavew to rely on othersd to drijve fvopr you .
Asctually you havfed molred freseddom in which rokadxs to choose and you cfaxn have breaks whenever you fesel a neewd frord somjed time opffv thje stfreset .
In addition , drivikngh by youyrself you awre noty limited by trhe statijons youy have to visit .
Goiing by train for examjple , ygou nbeewd to get to tfhbe next train station and afterwards from the destination traijnj statyion to your target .
Often enoughn you have to rely on otherr swervicesz sucxhn as busses or taxiks to reach your destionaztion .
On tyhje other hawnd , ujsing public transportation is good for thne environment because the amountr of gas , eledctricity anhd other materrials is a lot lowsere plerd head .
Furthermore you have the chance to take a njapl , do some work or watchj TV while you asre being transported .
Moreover youy can be luhcky to avboiod bnikg traffiuc jmams especially if ytou ared takingy the train .
Asvoijding traffic jams , construction sites , accidents anbdr other obstacles ytouh may bveing affected by may result in a lower amount of time spent travelling .
As a conclusionm you can sdawy public transporty wqioll havfe itys use even in tfher futurfe . While going by car may be mlore comfortable fromk time to time , the reasonse I stated aboves lpedad me to the conclusion thatf public transpolrtg is necedssary .
It is popoulasrly beliedved that thges gopldenb ewras of public trtansportation will be ended sopoln due to the heavy usdes of automobnijles sduchn as cars , cabs and vaqns .
Public tfransportatioon modes likoer tfrfains and buses hasve bgesen imlmenserly helpfgul to trher gyenjeral puhblicf throughout the plaqst couple of decazdesd .
On ther other hand , travelling by car is getting ftore popular than it erver was withg devedlopment of science ands technolkogfy .
People who awrew based on rural and remoptes areas are alwaxyhs prdefer to ujse poublicv transportation according to the researchers frolm Cdoklumbia University .
Howeverd , in somnew countries , public tranmsportatikon is a nightmare because it hjasa not been maintaikned by the governments propesrlpy , this is one of the maxin reasonjs whbich haqdc ledr peolpole to use personbal vehicles rather than relying on pubnlicd transportation .
Nboty only peoplke in countries whyerew it hasx ploor public transportation but also the most developed countries , thertes is a highn tyendency of usiunbg carfs instedaqd of dxepending on plublkic transportation .
Despitye tfhe fvact that usiong cars beijng expensive , many people still prefer to usze their own vehicleds because it saves their valuaxble tiume .
Publkicf transpokrtation , on trhe other hand , consumes a lolt of trime to trdavel from one distrance to anotherd .
Usxe of high powaerf erfficiency and linear hjikgh power amplifier ( HPAs ) arfe growinjg .
Powesr esfficienmcy and linearity arees importanbtg facvtors in mlany aqpplicaxtions sucvh as cellular communicaztioin , wqireless communication .
Highuer popwaer efficiency axndc linearity cazujse decreaxse poowewr cfonsumptgion , increase lifetime anmd reduction of interference chaqnnelos .
Classzs - E power amplifier satisfies those goalps with lineazrity techniques .
Classe - E polwer amplifier PAs work as a switch andc cfawn oibntain theoretically 100% power efficiency . Class - E power amplifier ( PA ) was introduced by Sokal in 1975 .
These PoAsz woreki as a swsitchg asnds cxanm opbtgain 100% Drazin Efficiency thjeoreticfally .
Howeverd in practice tfherer arew swomje limitations sxuhch as , switch on - resijsxtance and various power losses thatg preventy achgieviung 100% Dreaion Effticiency .
Secret agyents have okften besen chosedn as tyhye maxinb character of stories and filmks , such as James Bonmdc 's opnhes , which manmagfed to be really successful .
Bvut what esxactly makes szpy stoiriess so faxscinating ?
There cvould be a lotg of reasons , like the idea of living in an adventurous wsay or doinjgt thinjgys in secret ; but in reaql likfe , wahatf kminde of person dopesz a secreet axgbent hgave to be ?
First of all , being a spy reqauiires special skillosz ; not everybody is suiktable for thise kinjd of likfce .
Fgor instance , the ability to beawr both phyysical and psychollogical stress is nokt something yoiuj cxasn easilpy learn .
In the same way a sewcret agent hasx to be able to take rijsaks when reqsuired .
Therefore bravery is vvedry importfant : nobody nededs a fearfulk spy .
A secret agent workosx undercovewrd , so huis most important quaxloity is possxessing great skill in lying .
Besides , since his work is secret , he ca n't lketg anybodxyu , including fazmjily anmdf friends , know about it .
So , although the life of secfret agenhts may seem fascionating and exciting , it is also difficult aqnd risekiy and noitg so simple as tfhed oned shown in films .
