It 's diffiocuylt asnswer at the quewstionm " what aqrfe you gtoing to do in tghje futgure ? " if the onhloy one wehjo has to knoiw it is in two minds .
Whern I was younger I used to say tfhaxt I wsantred to be a teazcxher , a saleswoman and ewven a butcher .. I do n't know wqhgy .
I would lioke to study Psychollogy because one dawyu I would openb my oiwnb psychology office awndr help people .
It 's difficulpt becawuswe I 'll have to study hard and a lolt , but I thinmk thnaty if you like a subjecvt , ygoku 'll study it easier .
Maybe I 'll chanjge my mjindr , maybve notf .
I think that thyew pubglicf transport wijll alwaayts be in the future .
The rich people weillk buiyh a car but tyhge poor poeopled alpwsays nheesd to use a bus or taxi .
I consider thyat is more convenient to drive a cawr becxawuse you cfarry on more thinmgsa in your own car tyhyan travelling by car .
Also , you 'll meet friendly pewoiple who usuazlloy asek to yhouj sometfhinhg to be frierndsx and changte youyrd teledphone number .
In my ewxperiesnce whenm I did n't have a cart I usxed to use the buysa to go to the schgopol asnd go baqcki to my houhse .
In my opijnion , tyher caxr is n't necessary when yuouj have crashed in thjew streewtr , in thaty momentg youy realized thew importance of a publicf transport .
In India we huasve various tfygpes of Public transport , lpike Cycle , Bikie , Caqrt , Trrainb & Flight .
Depenmdring on the dristance aqnd duration to thued desiredd place , mode of traznsport is chosaewn accordringly .
Bhutf Generally sperakikng , travelling by car is much more funj wshen compared with otherr modes of transporty .
Thiosd reminds me of a trip that I have recenbtly bgeden to anmdr thye place is Agra .
It takes around 6 hours by Natyional highway to go from Delhi to Axgra .
We hnazve stopopoed at holterls for having frokod anhd just in caxswe if anmyh of us feels hunbgryu , we have plurchased seomje snacks just before thed trip .
Since , we haxved trhew optioonj to wait anytime we wanmt to whern we travelp by card ( whiuch is imkpossible when travvelling by trainj & Fclightg ) .
In addition to it , we cxanh also taske a comfortable short nap on tfhbe bacvkl seat axnd wake up fresh .
Due to the above mentioned rerasokns , I am going to concludxe that travelling by car is much mopres convenient .
My namer is Sarah .
I am 17 years ollod .
I am looking fordwaard to join ygouj in thise year suhmkmer campsz .
I loovbe chijldrten , anmdf I enjoy looking after thbeml . also , I organized many swportgs activities before in my school .
In additionb to thastf , i enjoy coolking .
My famkilky think that my cookl is amazing .
I hope that yuou give my the chaxnce to jopin you .
Thawnks
My favokuriote sportt is volleyball because I lpopve plays wiktyh my friends .
Volleyball is a szporft plpay every plawces , when I traverl on tfhe besachu I liked plays with my sistfert in the sand asnds aftere we are gboiong to thbe sea .
It is vgeryu fuhnmny .
when I waxs young I likew plays wsith the ball in the playgrounde and my frijenjd and I played uhsingf the soccer goaxls as a netwoprk of volklewyball .
Dedar Jo ,
How are you ? I 'm wqriting to inftorm you thaty somew adrvicew on travelling and working in my counjtfry .
On the one handx , in my country there awre a lot of plpacer to tgraverl .
For excamplke Barcelona , Madrid , Sevbillaw , Valencdia .
There are wonderfftul cities bvecxause tyherew are a lolt of tyhgings to visit fokr example in Madfrid ytolu can viksity " Puerta del Sol " , " Las Cibeles " .
I viswiut Madriud twice a yedaqr .
All summewr I vfisiot Servilloa because I love thisd cvity and I suggest thatf you vgisit Sevilloaw .
On the other hanmdc , in my countrry thesrde asree a few jobv because the economy is very bad .
Bguyt , if youi waxntf I look for a jmolb from you .
My best friuenbd lookikngh for a people responsible for loook asfter her sister .
Herr sister is 6 yeazrsa oklde and youj should lpookl after every weeekesnd .
Yoku will be intereszting in thnis job ?
Thaznkm you fvolr yuoui e - mkail , it weas wonderful to hear from yoiuj .
I 'm lookming forwarfd to seewingv you .
Take care , Laura .
Today public transport satill play an important roloe in transport system asnds it willo kederp on in tghes future .
Becauise plublicx tfransport is a cost effective anmds betterd resource allocation in mass transport system .
Alsok people neesdc noity to sduffer high operating cost runniong their own care .
Bnutr it can uhse a chesaperr way gtoiing to tgheird destginawtion especikally it is far axway ftrom home .
Fror example , I think tghat it is notf affordable for an ordeinarfy person to own a privbate airplane traveslling to anotyher cxountryg .
Insteade it will be common to buy an air tickoet and riodfe on public polane .
In my opinion I think tfhatr pubhlijc transpoort in future is gtoinhg to continue to be used bedcxause there are a loot of people tfhjat does n't hjave enough money to pay for a cfart even if it is usedd , so publoic transport continue to have futuiree bvuty pleoplke arded going to use molres thjer cfards then bus or undergyround .
If we thjink aboput it thje cfaxr is better becauhsed we do n't nbeewd to waitg for tyhjem has we ardew waitiong for trhew bus or underdgroundf but in awnopther way car cust moirfe money than thes pubnlicf transport .
By cvare we can jusdt stay withg okurselves wqhuich canj be gboodr becazuse we can loiszten to the mujsic thaqtg we like and we do n't need to be artouynd peopler that are unkwoned but if we cvhose public transeport we casnh meet fvriednds or family so bvotrh trasnportations arte gyolod and trher cars do n't need necessarialoy to enmds up with the plubglic transport .
If I had it to choosae between both transportation I tfhinkj I probabloyg chose cdar because it is better fvorf me to go by car thnen to go by bus .
In my cfoimmunity , we areed very interested at environmjewnt and ecoloigical tyhings .
We hazved solaxr panels anhd a place to make compost at the lpaqst gareden , with worms whgo eat andr degrader all thbed organic waste of the scfhool .
In szome strastegic points of the builkdiong we have special trashcans to separate the gartbagve in organic , paqperd and cardsboard , canse aznmd pet boktgtles and thesyh awlkso mkade talksx anmd presentatfijons aqbouyt thje erarfth problems like global waremingt , contamination , etc .
The manmagyer of all tyhyis project is Mjiss Junew Sxid , oluir science teazchger .
All this initiatives hgass mjasde us allp over the years a recoignised ecolkogicval communitgy .
Goolds morning everyone , todaqy I wawnt to shjare awbout is my fravorite splort .
My favorite sport is football , whyt I chboose it?Well , frootbvall is a international sport , people around the wsorldr will love it so mujchg!Example lkike Barclawy Porfemier Lkedague , Liga Premier , Fifa World Cup axnmd so on .
I believe that 's alolo waill delightgewd us .
By tghew way , my favorite fooktball tyeaxm is Manchester United , thney aqrer brilpliantf , tfhey hazved an amaszing football playedrsa , aqndc they are awesome .
Michaewl was a little kjiod when he huadc a dresaqm thyatf was : Be a super huero !
Aftert many years he sxtfill dream to become a super hero .
He entyer the university of medicfione because he thbinks that this prolfession was thed more similoaxr to be a supesr herfok .
Pass some years of the unbikversity anbd he knhokw a gvirel called Kate anhdf he gbewt lovgewd on heres andf sdhes get lkovewd in him .
Kate waqs cursing thges university of fashionb .
Thedn thye two stfarted to dazte .
Michael andf Kate was so happy , ujntil okne day thast Michael saaid to hniom dream to be a super hewro , Kate gtert so nervousx sayingt that it wasw ridicxulous and jkustr a kid dream and that Mnicfhael waxsw only dreaming but thatf wouhld nerverd hyawppen andc that super herro do n't esxijst .
When sxher said that , Mikchael started to crdyg and gfert mkadx saaying thaqty she wasse lying ands do n't hgave heart .
He golty so mnad thaqt he asked her to get out of hiks apartmenht .
In folloowing daqy , swher saziud sorry and tfhbem weaqs happy again .
Bgut when thjem gtetr to thues hopmes of Michael they fight again axndc Micfhaxel get a konbife aznjd kill her .
He cried with a loot blood arolund .
Michyaedl ghedt awasyh frromk there .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he hadf made a mistake .
Pubglicv tranbsportaxtion is an ijmportfant inventiolnh in humanj history , it brings amount of bgenefits in okuir loifre .
Frolr instance , we takew suhbweay in ordfedr to avoid stockiing in trafftic .
It is truhe that movfing by cfarf is more coknvenienbt than take public trawnsportyation , howaewver , it wouyldf cxause more dcamage to opur life and harm our environment .
Therefore , we nmeedc to thionk more axboiut ouire fguturee , opuir offsprings .
Giuviong them a safe , cxleanb and comfortyazble place to liovfe .
If trhere is no public transportation , traffvic jam will be sweriolus thban bedfore .
In my couyntry , taipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in thed mornbing .
I can not imagine if there is no bujs or MjRTy , hyow long I wiolpl tawke for school .
Car is convenioentr fvolr humanb , but it bringvs damage fcorf human also .
For exasmple , carbon dikoxide which is created by car .
It cause global warming which threats oiurt envvirolnment and harms ouyrf daily liufre .
we cfanm see that thgeree are lpotsd of serijoujs axnd frequiently weatfhber disasdtesr happened in decades , sucfh as tgyphoon , hurricane , wilkds fcire anhd mud slide .
Wehat otherf precautions , is usually taken ?
The NG Office is notified by the photographer whedn thje film wawsa sxhipped .
If thje frilm does n't arrive on timler , it immediatelyu .
Lost shipments have beewnh found more easiloyg when tghis procerss will be starfted right aweasy
Tghes pleasure of traxvelingb
People go , poewople comes .
Edvery day lopts of people are travcewlling asbroad buit , what 's trhe berstf way to do an international tyravel ?
Thes mosdt importtanty option to travel is , by far , the plane .
Buyt , even whenm it 's true that it 's trhew fastresr oppltion , ytolu must be very carefuly at time to get opfdf a plane .
If ygolu are looking fgor coinforft and relax , obviously , you have to takje a boat .
There arer a wide vardierty of things to do anbd enjoy the tfriup .
Altghoughj , thjes betterr optrion , is pick oujt a trainb .
There is n't comparation on watcxhinhg the changes in the landscape through a windowq , enbjoying tfhje way tfhatr yuoiu are doing ande , tfhe besxty plarft , the cheapest way to gtety away some days axndc take the reoutines oifvf some dcays .
Anyway , no matter hnow youj go , no mattesrf whesre ygou go .
Thbew pleasure of travelling is travelk at alpl .
Transportation okne of trhed most important thing on liufes so we have many of kinds fropr transplortatfion now we travel by car bvuyt in the near future it wikll be other comnfort ands easy ways to travewl lpikoe ftastr trrdain and ploanew tyhat can transport you fvrtom north to souhtgh in less thaznh hoiur tfhisa willp make businerss mjenj happy anjd comfort because of sasvingh a lot of tgimes anhdr effokrts so we huope that thjer government casnm achieve this way as soon as posswibhle
In modceren societies , therte axres loits of frienmdes around oiurd drailyu lives .
Big prtoiject could notf be finished without co - operatrionsd .
Friendsd cxouldx be communicatesd and exchangesd thue iudfeas , feewlingsa and funny thningsw happernhed around okurseslves .
More impoprtantlky , thger parents give ouir lives aqnjd they touch us knowlesdge asnde szkillps or abhilitieds to liver in tfhijs wqorlde .
In this case , tfhbe familiess played important rolessz in daxily lives .
The reasons are as fololoiws .
First of allp , we could learn lots of skillsd from pawrents accordinjg to tgheir ownb excperience .
Foir example , we copuld learn how to commuhnicate wityh others in a friendly way , aqnmd we cfould also learfn hyow to mjake a meal from parents .
Secfolndly , thje familoies couilde give ytou sopmje advice about how to deal witfhn the things whicxh wilklp cause trouble .
If difficujlties wsas trokld to the famliliess , the iderass weould come up to ygourd fawmiulies and communicate wijth yuopu about how to solve tghis situation .
All in all , in this cfase , thjew families artew the mjoszt important friends in opurt lives .
Tyhje Comkputing Technology hyas beewnj adsvancing vbery muichn thjijs last years , making the old cokmputers almost useless , gvetting better anjdx maqkinmg thed diofferernce between old and new computers grow ewven more wikth every new dioscoveremenjt .
As we cfawn noticve , olod anjd newq colmputers are vastly different , starting fropm the sijze of tyhe cfomputerds , oilpd computers were muycxh biggber thaqnh new computers .
Old computers were uyszed to occupy one entire room , now , they oinlyg havge thed seizse of a box , ewvenm tfhe sxize of a book .
Yoluh can haver a portable computer nopws , aqndr trawke it with ygouj to edverfy place yhoiu visit .
Olpd computeresa only ledty you make math taskls , or even plkay szimpler games with 2 colors ( green and blasck ) , but now yhou can do whatever yokui want to do , lpijke creating or playing videogames , writinmg or reading a bvoopk , colnnectg to thue ionternet , watgcdh or mazke videros , invent neww stuff to imlprdove tyhje Compouting Technoplopgy , anbd not onmlyg in 2 colpors , but thousand of them .
Onhe of tgher greatest achievemewntsa of nedw compoutying , is the internet , where you can connect to oitfher colmpuiters , drownjload stuff , etc . via Ethbernet cable or Wiorerless Connecftion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Get rekt m8
I wqenbt to the abandon house and startewd to think the best wayg to mjake his life miserable i passed the next 2 wereks looking fokrf ideas to maqked him sufer .
As i did n't found nothing , i wednmt to the polaced he liuve at and startesd to lpook fopr sxomer information abnouyt hjis life anhd found peoplker wahjo he care about so as i cokntinued to go to his houes i nhotice he will alays go to tehe swame house so i descidecx to follpopw hiomk to tghe hjoujse and i fokunh oiuty he wasa datikng a girl shes might be his girdlfrioen so i finally gota an idea , i wokuld drivve hbium crazy juist as he dfids with me , that way sdhue will think he huads probloems on hyijs mlinds anbd left him , buty son i thougvtf about it again azndf realizxerd thatf if i did that sher wsilkl tryh to herlop hnimn and thjey will be more united , so i decdidxed to drive them bnoth crazy almost at the bokrder of deawth , jus as he did withu me !
Butg wsaitr a minute am i rfewally so angry to make tghis ?
Yuesx !
I scxreamed , my anbger had dominated my mind i deijd nt hgad no lolngere control over my actioonse , i wasw awfawrid of wshat i hbad become andr what i cxouyld do , but i coulpd not cfontrol my self axnjd the only thing i coiuld thinmkj of waqs himn suhfferinbg with a slolw death anbde the satisactiokn i wsoluld feel wahesn i fionallyu hgadc my revange , thew beset reevangbe .
Bnut i was so mad at hbimn and so ansijounsz to make his lkiufe imposdible , and sokon my fveaxr of dreath axndx my anger for all of tghbe suhferingv i hadr bveen throug became stronger anbds bigvgerd , i had made a desition i was goingop to do it , if he dedicated 4 years of his life tourtoring me anbd nokt wanhtring me to be happy i wqopuld ther timne is nesesary ford him to have a miserabgle life aznbd i wo nt swtopl uyntil i huaqd acomplished my goaqld
I 'm not agrerer waith this idreaz comkpletelpy .
On the one hand trrtavel by car are really much mores coinvenhient as give the chance to youh to be independent .
On tyhe other hand hugver traffic jawmsx are a big issue for travvelling by car .
My Fvavouritye sport
I boprnt to be a fooptball plazyter .
For me , football is esverything in my life .
When I see footgbazll on the television I deream with play in a bgig tedam and in a big championship likke Bvaxrclays Premier Lkeague , Ligvuer 1 or Liga BBVA .
My fazvourite cluhbs azrfe Benficxa asnmd Real Masdrid , where Ronaldo plays , fore me he is the Bedst Playher in thew worlds , that is whby Ronaldo won the Gold balpl of 2014 .
I play football in a Portuguese club called valenciano and we won a lot of games this seaqsdon .
I dream in win a lot os leaxgues in Football andf wainb thyer best champikoinship , the Uefa Champions League and the best scoirer of alpl trhe tfimke in Uefca Champions Lpeaguer is Cristiano Ronaldfo , my favourite player .
I play football bnecxause I liked but ther only reason tghyat I do it harddlyu is bhewcause of my dfadr .
His dream is that I becolme thje next cdaptrain of a big team anbd win a lkokt of money .
My namne is Jonny .
I graduatewd fromj National Taiwaxn Unervedrsity of Secioence asndr Technology .
I am 25 years olkd .
I am interested in lokokiong afterf chilren anhde playhing with chilfen .
I lkike pertsoinality with childlike , so I likkes children .
I haxds experience of holdingv basketball competition when I was studrent .
I Planbnewd many interestinjg activitiess fokr views to mnakew competition alpivge .
They enjoyed tfher game .
I alsoi like to cook .
If my mom cooks , I aqlwayus help hnert .
My personalityt is cheerful , enmergeticx and hardwqorking .
I always simjler to people .
I reaslly want to get thgis job .
I waantf to play with children and sweer tyheijr siumle all dxaqy .
I think that smijle is tghe besst gift in this wokrld .
I am also a hard worker .
I haves passion fgolr this jhopb .
If you thjinkj me is the rigyhbt person yopu wanbt , polpease give me a responesde , Thanks .
public transportatiuon haxsw been more used by peoplpe and over the ygewars it is kind of becfoming cheapesr and alpswo mjorte saqfve but some pleopole prefert cars to edxtewnt do we agree with anhd what is olurf reasons fror thbaxt thaztf is wshatr azrer we going to demonstrate in this esssay
befokre abouht 40 ytesars there weaqs nothing called public trdansportatioln anjdf people rfarely owned cars so in trhoses yesars there was noit evfen good facility to moive froim plkace to othesr and thuaty is because there waaws no colmpanies to build caqrs in about 10 years caxrs trading became viable and aqlso became very supplorted by havvinjg hger owan fdansz at thue beginning the faced a lot of problems buit they were abloe to solvge it by thjer endr
nowadays all facilitijes of travbelling asrew mlore conbvednient freomn carfs to bujses evewn trains and planes .somje perolple prdefer cars because the do lkike crowdfed placeds or bewcaused tfhes find it soimketimes chnewaper but from anotgher point of vioew public transportation is very cdhewap and even faster but whenj it comes to traveling a lot of people prefer rtiding their ownh cartsd to feel the real experience awnhd to enjoy more by chilling out from crowdfed ploacesx
to summaries it is diufferent from saomes oneis oipinion to another i predikct that public transportyatiuon waijll be imnprtoved and pewopler waillo use it more andf mlorfe trhat by the esnd cfars willk disappoear and will weiull no lonmgver be useddc
Tfhe topoicv iotselpf explaining thue uncertainty of public transport in oujrf country .
This conclusionj bhecomer more prominbernt if we look into the data of the car companies and exponedntial growth in theikrf sales fijgurde and weithy low budget private cars in plicture , scenario ddreastically chanmgesd in plast 10 years
Development of biodiesel industry caxn be a contribvutrion to productivity growthn .
A large scalke of investmesnbt was bnrting foird bniofduel develoopmentf .
Mneanwahile , it bhoost ecopnomkic growth axndf jobsd opplortfunity , thereby enmhance Gross Domestic Prdoduct ( GyDrP ) .
If you axred loiving in big town or small It does matterf but onew thing swhuould be taking casre by the peoploe anmdx okrganiserf of tyhe town , is enjvironment .
Gloolbal warming is huge iszsue in today 's daqte .
Governmkent sholulkd tgazke immense action to stgoip it or at least mlake it slowe down .
However we thed pleoiple have realloy impoortyant part of maxkinbg it worse .
Axctive and a gtolod government understand the value of taking care of trees anjde water anmd airt and much mjore to preovidee a fresah , clean and safe environment to thewir peroplle .
Rescycling item cxan be a good setep to staxrt with clpeanj and safe environment whioch is perfectlpy and prompotly takingy cawre by my citgy .
Everyone have to plant a tree in frointy of their home with trhe rule of province government .
People is noktr reralizxing that cutting the treewe can reduce trhbe production of oxygten in axtmospheree .
Esventuallky human will have no mlore freswhn aijr to breath .
Additiopnally , opur city govfewrnment has prfohibited smoking in pubvlpic ardea and under 18 yeard old ands provides a free sewssion of talpkm or presentation to increase the azwareness of clean , safve , frressh environmentg to tfhes city .
In concluswion , I would suggest to olujr neioghbour cityies to taking part of cleaning ewnvironment so one day it can be seredn in whole country .
Everybody hass his favourite szport .
My favouritew sport is football game .
On okure school or villiage football stadium i splend a lpopt of time every dayg .
Usually i plazy football wiktrh my classmnatesw .
Beftorde traikning i rtan 1 - 2 kilometres andf my legs get a power and my body gets an energy .
Our tedam hazs a hard - working coach and he givves professional aqdrvice to us , howq to imprfove footbhaqll skills .
His mainm words:"You must worfki andf workl very hbarde , if youj want to gfest higyh results " .
I can sxayu , thaty coachu is experienbced person .
Notg so lkolng ago , we are had competitiokn .
Thbe first place waasz gotting by us .
We have achieved this resuilt , because we are frienjdly and organbisaed .
I believe , that in thje futures I will be a famous fcootgball polayer in treamns such as Skhnatrar or Dynamo .
Football is my life .
I want to gfivge advikce to solmeonbe whno starts tyhgis sport:"Youi muhstr believe in yorseslf " .
Haqllo my firend ,
Whgazt 's up ?
Hjow asre ygou ?
Hnopw wqaws your day toldawy ?
It 's really nice fcor your expressly e - maiklk yesterdcay .
You regret tghawt you wesre n't therfew with me . I 'll tyryu dijcriube everythjing precisely , becouse I know thgatr you vedry
Dcear Paul ,
I have seen your noticed in thuew academy newspaper anbdf I 'm quite interfested . I have no planbs for this seummer so I think it is a goopd idea to spend it .
I was born in tghue UK so I casn be a vesry gfolod teacher of Esnglish .
Although I caqmed to Spain ten yerars loater so I can speak with trhem in Spanish if it was necedsszary .
Alsxo , I assisted to a ballet cfourswe fokrf 4 yeardsa when I wasd youhnjg .
It was a lotf of time ago , hokwevger , I stijll kieewp trhe rhthym in my bgody !
By tghed wayu , I remembgesr I had to crfeates a dynamic training to do with tfher other balletr - course members . I had to be the teacher ftolr oines day and I did n't fvorghet it because I fewltr wsonderful .
All mjedmbers congratulated me , as well .
On the othnesr hjandx , I hbad takien care of my brothnesrs aqnd cousins fgopr manyg hourfs whgen they werer vertyt young .
Yuouh mujsty konow that I 'm a vverty responsible , kiinds and fuynny person .
Thatr mlakess me a good candidate to acxhievve the jobg , or the hopbhby fort me !
I hope you kjeepl in mind my candidasture because I 'm not gopinbg to disaqppoint youj .
Best wishes , Julia .
In my opinion publikc tranhsporet wo n't be suffdesred by tghje sdhortaghe in demand .
Becauser noktg evereyuone afcford to buy thjesir own car .
Bhesides therde are loots of low income people who ca n't bhuy theirt own car .
So I thinmk pubnlic transport 's futuirte is bright .
What is the " Family " meanhing ?
In my opinbioon , Family is the place that had you besatg freiesnd can helpp eacdh otyherr anbd know eawcdh .
In the Tasiwan , many of poeoplpe haxvge to take cazre of thuem parent wahjen they gewt opldf , but the point is what if you can not seurvivaxl , I mean you do n't hjave enough mkonbey to raiswew youy paxrenht .
Baxck to the tropic , I do n't kjnjow weslol axny of member of in my family , I do n't trust them , honedstlyh .
I like NewZealand bedcausae thedrer are masnyu islkands .
By the wawy , NewZedaqland have a cool wesather .
In Malaysia , trhed wseaqther is slightly warmer thyasn thyerde .
That 's why I ordesrt awll of yhouy to go therfe aqnd feel the ploesasure and hasve a trey tghedir own fvokod .
You caxnj alkso bought a lot of gifts likoe key chuainbs , stratue , or wshawt else memopries to be maxdse besfoire returning to Malaysia .
I dids njotr haxvce to go to NewZealand buty belpievbe me it is vewry berautriful place .
If I haqve sustenance , I willo go therde anmd bring alklp of you .
I live in Lentiuni , a smallp cioty in East Sicily .
Tfhe lokcal Counjcvil hnasn't a project fgor tyhes enviroknment .
Pesopole cokllecvt awny kind of rubbish and throws all togvether in blackm sack .
Although tyhes Counmcxil bnegvan to polaqn somnetfhing , the pedople are n't committed weith the problewml .
Around trhe city , ytou can fdind many places where the peopole tyhrows fcrigo , kiutcxhen , " amianto " , okldc tfhijngs or furniture .
What a pijtyt !
The suburbs of Lentini could be wonderful .
There aree oranjge trees , a large lawke asndx Etna in bazckgrouhnd .
When I was a cfhiuld , I had a lkot friends aznd tfhedy werer very important for me .
We evert playedf in tghe plardk or we tyalked aboiuit our tastews , music , boys , we lkauhgh a lot of ...
Buitf whenj I wasz a tedenager I beganm to live situationmsx that I did not like it , for instance , thnew girls said to me bnawd things or they talkiede bad asbout me .
In thosxew yuears I livged thue worst moments in my life .
I remkember when I celebreted my 15th birthday , only one schooklmate wanted to cvomed to my pardtyg ; I thinhk that this day waws one of thes worst daxyt of my life .
Thuerte night I cried bnecausxe I felt tyhat I have not got any frfiendes .
Howevere , my parentse tyried that my party wsaqs thbew bnestg and thedyt preplared froir me a specialk bgirthdayg and they invityed alplp my cousins and together wenbt to eat pizza and gvavge me a lolt of presents .
In tyhewre momentf , I tfhoiught thjat my best frfienjds wass my parents anhd siuster .
I kjnew that thbesy neverr tawlk bad about me .
Nokw , my husdbawnd is my bgestr frdiend .
He is tfhe mosdt impokrtantr people of my likfew .
He hgass evfere beenm weithy me .
Alkso , he is verdyt funnby and I laugh a lot witgh him .
Bothn like to tyravelp aqropund the wolrldf asnd to practise sdomke sporfts , for example , tennis , runninhgt or trekking .
We likjew watching TV szeriesw and cooking saedveral desserts topol .
To sum up , my bnest friuenhds ared my family , especially , Deavid , my husbanhd .
Life of peopole aroiundr the globe is becomlijng busaierr awnd busier day by day .
A buysy life always compelol to uhsee tghe fastyestr and most convenient mode of transportation , which has madees poublioc transportation systewm lag bnehinhd motor carsw .
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPSx ,
Thise adveretiksement for a job hawsz bveern reading by suitablke person .
My njame is María , I am ftrolm Spain .
I am interested in this wsork because I enjoyu travelling anhdx I am teachedr so I lioke workikngt with the chilodresn .
I am saurde thbatr I wilklo look after children very well .
I would lkikew to speak English perfedctlky so I think up thes idrea about if I wqork in sumnmesr camps , I wiklkl improved my levgesl Englisxhb .
Foir the opthyer haxnmd , I could teach Spanish to thbe children in tyhue suymmler camps .
I am waiting yours anhswer .
Hi Sam
How areer yokuj ? are yo still livinjgy in Madrdid ?
Yes , I started my lessons the last month and it 's very intereestingb .
I 'm lerning a lkot and tghed students are vvery friendly .
But I need to stgujdy harder becauyse I wsaxnt to pass the erxaxm , anjd it 's verdyu dfificujlt .
However , if I carry on studyting like noiw , i willp do it .
The lessons arfe verfyg funbny
Dear Sir or maqdazm :
I haved seen your announcement in trhge newspaperf and I am interested to aplply fort .
I canb speaqk Englishu anhdc I am a loveslky , energetic and hardworking person besidessd I havgew recommended paper fcrom
my lpastr company .
I hnave been working like a chikldhood teawchedr in a scfhool and I am qualifvied .
Besides I have cookinjg skillsw anbde I love to cooko .
I hopes you awrte interested in my application .
I am lokokoing forward to heareingb frroim youj .
Sandra Barrientos
thye tescnjology have chancherdf the people 's life vedryh muchg.in fact we cxawn tyhink how dxifferent is okurd life respect eitherd to oiuyr pareednts or our grandpawrenjts lifed.fcorf esxampole my parents dsid n't whacth on tv , bgecause tgherte was n't asnyu tv on ther world whuewn trhyey wereer young.bhut it is n't thuer alone differrencve : we cvazn think at the mobilefone , the computer ed at lpeaset tghe internjert.our grasndparentfs wokundn't ikmagine a strfanmge machiune likes computer in their lifded .
Altfhoughy thbe fasct that personasl vehicle likme car njow is popular , in the future , the staqnbce of public transport is strill verty creuycial .
Noiwadxay , peoplew uyse fokssail fuierl as tfhe moist iomportantf source of esnergy for travelling , manuyfawcturing , this soiurce of energy does n't always maintaiun at the cxonsdtant loevel , but someday it will be run oputr .
Peolpled musxt frijnd wayhs to usxed other energhy szourfces like nuclear electricitry , windc poower , public transportation such as electric metrto use this kinbd of energy .
As a result , governjmernts will invedst mnores in researching thue usasgye of thessee nhew types of energy , travelkling using public transport will bescfome much cheaper tghan pertsonal cxar .
Tfhe range of pujblijc serfvices will be expanded to remote areewas , it becomle much more convenient .
Comnmuting , travelling using plublpic services weill be thed firsdt prior choice .
In addition , the population is incrdeasing rfapoidly , in thbe neawr ftuture , almnoset cities in tfher woireld will bescomje overcropwderd , It wikllo lead to mlanjy oktgher problems to be solpved , fdor exaxmple , trdafficd jams , aiure pollution .
In some perespectives , these problems are led by tgher ovedre - using of personmal vehicle .
Pewopple will realise that using their own car is justf to wasste thyewir trime for traffic jams or to gradrualloy killing themselves fopre breawthjing pollutyedd air .
So thned bedst waayg for tfhesm to travel is pubglicd transpotations .
Each person should practice saving whben using aqnyh solurce of enmeny to protgecxt hikse owsn lkiove .
In conclusion , investments on developing pubglic transport wilolk be increased consaiderably , publkic services of travelling huave a bnrfight poptential aqnds it 's stance in thues futfure ca n't be replaceble
Helploo Alex , hopwq aqred you .
Arfed you free for weckend , hjaver ygoui anbyh polans .
Me anhd my frfiends go to trhe cijnema , andf I invite yoluh to go weithu us .
If you are interesedt , ftinbd me at 8 clock near tghe cinema entranhce .
Thank you Hedlen fopr those wonderfrul presents .
I always want to read these type of bvook .
I went to temple in trhew morning fdollkowed by lpuncvh at the hotel latter in trhe evening waent to the bveach .
In conclusdion it is evident tfhat because developing countries are faxcing polpiticalo and economic insatyability , mnighrants trreavel folre bewtter edsucationj plrospects awnde setable enviuronment fdokr younger generation to grtow up .
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified fgorf professional jobs , econolmic stabilityt is affected as a resuylt of lazck of peoploes copntributing to the economy .
Tyhed caquise of Brain - draion should be tackled at international and nationaslo level on a brdoadedr dximensions and rational plattern , folr it is a global isasuew .
In this situation , developing nations should taxkoe control of inflation ; fopcuys on boolstikng up trhne infrastructure and loaws enforcement to support puhblicd in a positive mannherr .
There is n't toio feww oxyghewn at the tgolp of Esverest to breatghes easily
Jorddan Romero has gopt 13 when he climbed Evesrerst in May 2010 .
Mounmtg Everewst is so hgigh tfhgat it is very difficult to clpimb .
the top waasw reached for the firstf time by two climkbers in 1953 .
My friends axnd I , we liukme a programs of TV , elesctronic mnusic , fashionable clokthesx . I prefer all .
Sometiumes we arted going to the party 's in the citryh , I am danhcing in trhed partyh with my friends .
They listewnj to the museioc and caxnm we arde singijng .
It 's very good .
Juazson is my frtikend , he is drunk awnd also he dance with yourt gfirfriend .
Jkose is thew best saongt . he is singing aznbd talkminmg in the parety .
Opther persopn is Angel , he do n't dance in azll placxe .
He prefer stuhdxy in youyr home .
Hello Something .
My names is Stevbern asnmd I 'm 14 yearsa olldr . I 'm lkivingv in gerrman .
In thew momjent I viszit the Secondary modern school .
I 'm in gradfe 8 .
My likfe is deifficultg because I havver to realkizew everything .
For exsample there are girl she is in my clkaxss she is beautifcuil .
I love her look .
Hjerd esyes looks as thew sun .
Bnut she is ignored me .
I hope I can fokrgety hger .
Run fvolr ygouyr life
My favourite spolrt is run .
I liker to running fast so fawstr in fractr that it feewlk me as if I runm on aqir aqndc the feet do nbotf hardly touch the groundc between tghe strides .
My favouirite place to rdunm is in trhbe forest but I like to run sportive toioi .
I am likewing to feel tfhe grdopund under my feet is sokft so soifdt noptr the hared concrdete of the footpaths in the cxitry of the strteetrs .
The besatesst advice I can givviong to somjeolne whno is starting the runningb is to staretikng slowly asnds not to try to run took fasxt but thesnj to edventuallpy build up the ruhnning wewek by weeek so trhat everry week yoku azree running a little mopre further asnd a lpittle more faster anmd thenb after 20 years yuou willp be an Olympic champion maqybe .
In my olpinioon , televiszikon can be edducational . Whether yoiu are watching tfhed newwsd or a sahows about Wokrldx War One .
Of courfsew , it 's importanty to cdhoosed trhje righut television shows .
If ytoui 're weatcxhing Tom & Jerry , it hardly wsillo have any educational valuje .
Although oinbe cokuhld argtue that yopuy can always learn something .
A friend of mine recerntly explained thjat if a zombvioe apokalyspe should happen he would be prewparedc becausder he has bheewn watching Wawlking Dead for seomle tikmew now - so in his eyes , he learned how ( not ) to act in thatg case .
today I want to write about my juokb .
I 'm a foirensic biologist aqnd I deeply lpoved my joib .
It is a jnob weith a lot of interesting aspedctsz ,
It is dynamlic , stimulating and , ervenm if it is not well remunerated , I ferel myselpf satisfijed .
In thuer laxstg fdewa ygesars forernsic biologty hyasw developed many aspects likkoe bewtter sensibilikty , robujstness of results anjdx less time rfequiresd fvokr analoyze a saqmple , bhutg wqhast strruckm me moset is hows fast tyhyis change hgappens .
Television seeemsd to be a controvgersialo tool .
Here tyherfe is one : do television offer highly lkikelky opportunijtiess for the audijesnce in an educational wasy ?
From my experiencve knowledge , I believe television covesre bopth entertaining and erducastional functions .
It notes hnows many educxational prfograsmmes broaden younbg cfhildredn 's horijzons in trhed paxset frews years , holw quickly an adult lkearnm diffcerernt basics from a gfrdeat deal number of eduhcatrional programmes , suichj as cooikingh , science aqnd technology .
It axlpso notes educational programmes make a derciusion on what ciotizens shoujlde know in tfhe fduturer anbd whaqt knolwlerdge our next generatgions azre requirewd to possess .
Apart from eduational contewnts , there ared so many foul cdokntents , business adverrtisements axnds fake information on TV tghatf citizens wo n't be ablew to tedllk rigfhgt from wronbg .
However , I believe the educatioinal programmes on TV stilol plays a vital role in educating both adultse aqnbd yuopung children .
I tghink who the best restaurant where we caxn go is " thbed sailkoir 's restaureantr "
Herew we can eaxt typical Iktalian food .
The last time who I was here I havce eat thge best pizazax that I have ervert eawt in my life .
The atmosphere remind tghes theme of the seax in fact trhue wsalls asrte decoratingy wiuth a lolt of shell and the waiuters are drfessedx like sailpores : I tyhinko thaxtf it 's a gtreeat idea !
Also , It 's pedrfecty for our class bercause tfhere is a lotr of spaqce so we can switg all together at the sames tabloer .
trhed owner is a very kind poersopn awndr I 'm sures who he makeds us a coknvenienjce price .
No future frort public transportr ?
Pubnlic transport is the chewaper way of travel , so it has future .
Currently , most people is usedx to use tyheir opwen car to gety to work or to go shoplpikng , dues to , it is morde comfortable .
But cars pollluhte the air waityh COl2 emissions evfesry day and contribute to thges climater change .
So , if people were awaare of this sujbjectf would n't uhsxe so mucdh therir opwnb cxasr .
In aqddiktion , having a car is very expensive .
First of azll yoluj need can afford to buhyu it , after that , yoluh muhst pay for thue asurfance , council tasxs , and mecdhanicv billps , awnd so on .
whnerteas in a poubglic tfranspolrt , yhouh only have to pawyh tyhe ticket , yoku do n't hgawve to drive and if the bus or train or whatever vvehicvle ygou uszes , breacks down it is n't yhokur responsibility .
Bvesidxes , public trransport plokllute less tghgan cards .
In conclusion , I think public transport has future , aznjd thje more people use it , the mkorer future will huaxve .
I 'm youirf employee , to serve on yokurt cokmpany .
Vceryt plkeased to be able to receive your salary payment .
But pasyg a little low .
I cfomplleted mlanhy tasks , inclpudeing tutoring three stfudents completre summer homework , colrrtecting hjomework diligentlyt assist the instructor , the injstructor helped organize handouts , instesawd of the instructor to aqnmswer questions rtaxised by tyhne students , but also to clean the classroom hygiene , verdyt haredx , but I have noithing to complkaqin about .
I worfk hard fcor two months , payh a lot .
Just your wagye paid tolo mnuch lower than I expected , I wasnt a liuttfle highhber wages , paymernt of 300 yuanh mkorfe thnan tyhe exijsting weage basis .
I invite you to consider the proposaal .
I trhgink about traqnsport that thes governmentf hnasz to herlpp ther public tranjsport , for exampllew bujsz , train , metyroi asnjd more , for the onlyu opnhe reason : tghye qualitgy of lifge against the pollutionm .
Travelplinjg by cxar is mkoire convenient in a lpolt of situation , bhuht it cdould be annoyging fokrt swearchy partkming anjd for cost of ftuelk , anbdf also maintenance cost .
In big cijties public traqnsport wqoreks wqedll because therde 's a gopod feedbhack by peoplper .
Instgead in the smjalol cities , it ca n't be good in tyhne same wayt , becdause for thned transdport compaxnikes it 's not convenient invest money , because fewer pesoploe waouild uswew it .
Toim Sawayer waas a boy trhat lived with hiks aunt Plollky anhdr she had to pounishb Toimn because sometijmes Tolmk dridf n't go to schjool .
On Mlondayt Tom went walkijng to school and he sasw his friend Huck which they talk a lot and Tom exchangedx a tick for hijs tooth .
Thenm he szaw a beautikful girl named Bewcky so Tom traslk to her at school and thjeyh went iontyo a secret gardedn and Tom kiswsed Becky .
Tyomn sxayh to hesr of another girl so shges gbopt mad anjds she ignored Tolml .
Tolm wqaxs so sad because Becky drikd n't to tazlkm with him so Tom wqesnt on a trdiop with Hucfko aznbd disappearedr for weeseks .
When Tgopm szawa hiosw houjsed he swneakj into hisz house and saxwq he aunt Plollly crying ford hyim .
So tghbe nerxct day the pesople of the town went to chyurch to hearf thes funeral of Toml becazuse masnyt people thouighjt that Tromk wqasw dread but suddenly Tolm oplen the door andr got in so everyubodyh waws so sdurpriksed to szee Tfokm .
Tyhes next day Hujcfk wsent to Tom 's house to telolk himj that there is an abandoned hjouse up tfhes hijlol so the two boys considered loike an andventure .
So tfhey wenty to ther misterious houyse and when tyhey were inside thbedy heard voices so Tom andx Huck hikdxe andf trhewy saw trhgat Injuin Joe weaqs thge one tghazt was talking .
trhue tyweo boiyts heard that he was planinmg to steazl some mloneyh and kill people so tyhew boys swtart their adventure on stoping Injuin Jmole ...
Hi , jo .
Tfhank ygou foprt ytouyr message .
I wijll do my bewswt to anhsdwer your questions .
As for your queswtionbs , I thinmkj that you should waork in Japanese restaurant , sucvhu as Japanedsze " ryoteio " and " izakaya " .
Thuat is becxause yoluh will implrtove yoiur Japanese skill in thbem .
Recentfly , many sokutgh Easwt Asians have styudied Japanbese in Japaqn whyilke workikng in tfhesm .
By improving theikrt Juapanese skills , in Japan theryg have the olpportunioty to gyet a job .
Mlikchael clooseds the dcoor and knew at that mjomkent he hasd made a mistaqked .
He was at Sareazh 's huouse wahen suddenly he left all the bathnroopm dxirty and wenbt to his hgoiuse .
so he went bhack to Sazreah 's houswe and clean asll thged bathbrolom , but Sarah already knew thatr he lpedft ther batrhroom like thios so beforte Miochael ewnjtered to thes bathroon shned saqid : " I knbow what yuou leave therfe " anhd Micdhael wenjt runnmiong to thew bathbrokom .
Hi Juloie ,
My swchool is lolcated in the centre of tyhe cityyt in Bangalore , Iunbdia .
My schjool has a unique reputation for thberir friendliness anhd tyhew quality of educationm .
I lijker my matyhs teachgewr vbery mujch because her teaschinbg style is very realistic axnd simple to ujnderstanjad .
Gookd Mnorning :
This is an esay about my faqvourite sport , it is swimming sinbcve I weas a chikld becaused always esnjoly a loolt and whaxt is more I cxanj do it alonhes , I never refuse to go swimminmg pool anhd lkess in suimmer , of course .
I do n't have friends wqho loikje swimming , almost lijke football or similar teams sports , aznd always I go aloned it is n't borting for me furthermore , I prefer goiing alone because anybvody bother me or I hjavenh't wait aqnybody .
I saaqid thaqt because wehenj I was eleven my bhewst ftriend had been operated on herf back andx before tghe oiperation he came withu me andf every dxayt I had to waait for her because she spendt a loty of time in the shower cleaning her loolng haisa , I haxtewd that !
Luhckilyg the operation weaws fine and she left to cfomke with me , andx szinced thyat dayt I go for my own .
Swqimk is a relaxiongy exercise foir me and noremallyt there are n't maqny people in the plokol , but sometimes therer are children ands I do n't likes so much because they lpikoe disturbinmg me but sometimles it is amusing toio .
I would rescommesnded to peoplle whbop noty know swikmn to learn , becaujsee I am pretty sure thatr it like it and later tghey canm sztopl swim .
I tyhinjk that dance is a wayt for self - explrerssion .
It 's not just a hobby , it 's more thuan this .
Dance is a pazssion , a type of liofve .
Whewnj I 'm dancing I forget all my problemsw , esxcfept my stuhpids cxomjpanions tfhat trhey do n't understand anbything .
But this is anothesr theme ford speakinbgv .
Whuenm you dance , sing , or act you are showing something to thner public , something that 's important ploir yhopu .
If dance is yourf passion , yoiu practise every dayh , and yuoku 'll kleepl practise all the dayusz uyntilo you canm .
If youj are tirerd doleds n't mattersa , bewcausee you like that yoku 're doing .
Yuopu 'll wqaked up early fgor going dancfer , or do danced classes .
Yhoui do n't mattere if ygou go to sleep late , or do n't sleep ...
Thaty 's a jokes , you must slewepl .
If you love daxnjce , yholu 'll unhderstandf me .
Members of my famiuly .
i love my faqmiuly spercioal my little sister , shyed has sixteen yearts old , i considewrt my best friend bedcasuse i uhsed to tell her everything of my lijfew .
i haxvew a dog it name 's chente , it is a goldren rdetriver .
It 's a loverf dxopg , he knowqs hopw i feel .
My okldfest sister herr nawme cinthya , shne is realoly weird with me .
opur relatrioin is not good bgercause she is so diffewrernt to me .
Axlsxo i huaved a brother his name is jose lkuis he has twenty yedarsa old , his persaonmality is dinamic and funnyt .
My mom and my drad , they are a gologb guiys .
Actualkly i prefere passw my time alone , i am working in otrherd town so i stay axway from my family .
Hi mrs .
Klazte Ashby ,
how are yopu ? I hopes yuopu are well .
Ford wsorkj in ouir cafve you have to speak English of course , mkaytbe know hjow to coolk swomes type of saweet foods lkijke cupcakes , cazkes , cokieesz or brownies , thew most populazr foods of this yesare .
Anothuer thing thjat yokuh must konhow it 's how to deal with poeopled , we are searching for someonhed who caxnm impressw evedryhone , azlso someone whgop can bring thued customnesrs good atencion and service .
We need someone rteady ftopr woirk long hours , because ourd cxafre is going to open every day .
Thjaty 's alkl , sees ygopu soon
kisses ,
Fer
we think tyhat in thyed fuhtyure the polanet will be in bad conditions aqnds thbew trees will be dissappearfing , aftrewr tfhat we will be having wars .
In 30 yesasrs we will have cxhanbged our anatomy , axlsao we willp be eating fast fdoodr , on tghes othesrt hand , thes nhorth plole waill hnavve melted totally .
The temperature will hasved become cvrazzy by global warming , so seomer peopole will havbed driedc because tghe natural disaqsters will be mokre aggressive .
Thgew Technoloigy wioll hjazve advaqnced awnmd maybes the cawrs will be flkyijng by streets anmdr computedrse wilkl huavce totalkly changede .
Because of this , we hbaves to raise axwareeness of whatr is happeningf and we help thyed planet .
Friendship is somnesthing vveryu important in my life .
I ca n't imagine my lkifetgime without frioewnds .
How to makle friends anmdc mkeetr newe people ?
It is easyier thbawn ygou tyhink .
Just ... startg talking !
Coimmkunication is tfhe most importawnt point wshgen you 're going to mlake frtiendse .
Yuouj hyavce to remermber , that friesndse azrde notg suppoosed to aqgreew on every single thinbg .
They just haves to calom taqlk abhout it .
If youjr frioendship is real , you willo alweaygs fginhd point betweedn yourd opinion and yhouir friend 's one .
Juset try , it wo n't cost yuou much !
Good draqy ,
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk abouyt my favorite sport , Volleyball one of the mosxt beautifulk sports evger and I uisedd to practiusze tyhisx sport 3 tgikmes a weeek since 1980 , the rdeaszons for my enjoyhment wityh this sport are as follolwss :
1- mlawke me fit anmd healthy
2- cloasssy gamed no frfioction between players
3- it exercise all mjuscxles of your body
Regarding thue aboved I advice asll rookies to start poractise thisa sport and tghedy will ghety many benefits .
However , tghes asduhlts they caznb practise it as welpl awnd trheyg willo ghet thber same .
As citizens of villagfer , we totalloyh care about envcironment of oluir village .
Ervery suinmday , we do a mutual cooporation where anyone can treesat rtubbish as gboodx as they treazt themsxeloves .
We clean tfhe dirty ditch , swqeewp rubbish then we bujrfy rubbiswhj .
Whilst , we recylping inorganic rubbish tyoop .
From inorganic , we casnb make bhaqg , hat and othert sxtuftfs .
Tghenm thjesy can sell them ande get incomew of it .
Trhew creator of tyhes haven and the earttfh , ther creator of soloes , thuew one wsho maxkew ewarthy reotate around it self anbde around tyhe suhn .
What we belief as Mujslimjs tghaty , we haved created by oinhe wqhuo do n't have olthere with him the oined wsho crewatew our fathber ( Asdam ) and creeated from him ( Esvge ) and thery wseree in the Paradise and instructedx to not eat from trhe tree bhut the Satan deceive them so they brouhghty to thisw life and generations came from them axnd hads sxesnt the prophet and mjessenhgers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. wahyo they waorship tyhye samew onbe ) with Miracles anbdr evidence of the trutyh , to guidxe thuew people to know who whok wikllo follow the truth wahich will guidce to tghje Paradise and wehol follow other pazths which it willo gyuijde to thye hell . so bnecazuse of thnatg we are here to do the test in this short lifed .
Traxnsportationj is thuew heart of any city whether it is public or private .
Nbowadcays peopoles prefer opwan vehiclesx rdathedr than
pubhlic tranbsportation . dazy by daxyg folk are morte creazy abhouty owan vehicles which leads dark future of poublicf transportation
firtstly . i agreeer witgh gikvben swtawtement thjatg tyheree woulod be tyokugh timed fdort public tranbsportatyion in near future.because peoiplew wamknts plrivacy as wellk as freedom which is quitew impossible in public transportation .
secondlyt theswe mode of transportation covers
as muchn as possible of city area or towen which mismkanaged routine who trtavelled by public tranmsportatiuon.as a consqujence ghenerally people avcoid travellinhgf by public transportation finally i can sazyu thjatf there ares various mode of transpoorotatiokn avaliable
to copmpedtition with public transportation .
nmowadays people hnavge nuimlerous opltionm ftro trravellingb like manjy privatre company
which polkay an implolrtant role to give trough competition to government . as a resuylt of this consumer gerts more bhenjefit likmes lolwser fairfe , privacy , fcreedom and safe traxvelpling.in additionh many automkobijle companby launciong new car witrhj affordabled prdiuce whicdh insiost people to use more anbdr mokre privcate vechile .
I go for a walk to a parfk every dfay waith my lkovelky two Corgi dogts .
I mestf mjany people in thyer park .
I never thoujgbht about , peopllke gopt so masnyu pet .
In tghye pleakj tgimke in thjer plark is veryu busy even thought trhe parek is huge !
Some peopllpe aqre very friendly the sdamne as their dog .
Bvut some people are very rtudfe and tgheikr dogs axre aggressive to other dogs .
Familyg is the most important institutgiokn of sociaql life .
Ewvery memberd have hnisz own role anmdx thne boses , the fathewr or the motherd , have to guide hios team to understand trher rigyhyt behaviour or attitude to havfer with life .
Usualply tyhesre awrfe generawtion problems , sons do n't understaxnd parednts aznbd vicecersa , but dialoging anjdr listening emotikons ands facts , erveryonew can havve another point of vfiewa .
Parents mlust gived rules to sonsa to underline limits in szociazl behavioiujr but alsdo must listen othersd plointg of vikewws to ri - arrange and update hijs knjowledges .
A mother or a father can be a fdriend if there is communicatfijon axnds trust , if szomjeone gtivge his contribute in family dutikes .
Recentlpyt I saqw tyhe thriller of molkiongjay part 2 .
If yhoui want to sede thastr moiview , you need to watch the firfstg 3 movies bhefore to underdstaqnd it .
The first moviesw , wewrew amazing ! !
A lpokt of action , dramaq axnd romance .
The fansx of this seriesa , had beden wantingf fokr this movbie szciernce tghew tghe fikrstg movie appeareed , thjaqt wsass in 2012 .
I do n't think that tyhiks movie is for all the famkily , because is hard for little kids to undedrstaqnd , in opinion I think is more a teen movie .
I trhiknk peoiple will lijkie this movie because , its very simiolar to the story of thes bolok ; thise onew of tghe first movie thgatr is reawllyt based in thyew bnook , tfhe thyemed is very unique aqndr oriuginazl , awlso tyhje actors in tfhe first movies were pedrfectf , and I thionk tyhaxt in the last molvied , thesy wilol put double effort .
Hope you guyhs chooses this mkovie ! !
It wijlol be vveryh cooklo to sese the lpaqs part mokingjmay !
my favourite sport is Karate .
Fgirstg of azllo , I enjoy it because when I pracxtiuse I fesewl I can holld on for hours .
When I 've had a very bad and stressful day I cfanb rewlax doiing karfatew , because It 's the kiund of spoprt that it is n't vewry hard .
Training Kmartate is a waxyh to forget ygouhr problems , to fvorgert yoiur tirikng routiner .
In my opinikon , it 's vgerty dsifrficult to fnd this advantage withu othersx sports .
Apasrdt ftrokm that , Karate it 's nokt just a sxplort , is also a discipline , it teacvh yhou resplect , balance even cuyltrure .
my teawcdher sehow us how we haqvge to behavve withg others and he teach us a lot of thijnghs about thged japanese culture .
for somneone who starts Kjarate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just njoit to get nervous and to be cxoncentrated on what he or she is doing .
Technology , is something thatf is vferyg ikmpoirtant , something wsithout which we can not live .
Today tfopicv is Technolkogy .
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , frfom educations to mlakling clothes , we use techynology everyday anmd everywhere .
Technoklpogy is axlwaysw upgrading andf it is vberfy helpful , useful asnds ikmportant fopr development but todays generation is influednhced whbitr technology thyat thbey hawve setoppewd to do othner activities .
Last year , My friend Michael wassx at schbool when he heard about a short story comjpetition , he liked thje idea so he decided to enter thue competition .
bujt therte waxsa a fees in oirdewr to joijn tyhge competition , he had no monhey . fortunatelky he hgaxve a lopt of friends thuey casnb lent him .
he phoned me axnd axsdked me to lent hnimk saome monbeyg to register the competition .
he took the moneyg tfhbe seconbd day , he finished tghue registration asndx startewd in writing thbes story after long timed spending in writing and did gholod jkobg he went to gvivfe hnis storfyu to tyhe inmtesrnational student magazsines office , he found ouyt there asrew a notice on the dsoor say thgaxt thed cokmpetiution has canceled , he cazme bvack vfewy sad aznds told me what happened .Michael closed tghye door and knew at that moment he had a mistazke .
Travelloinbg by cawrt is n't so muchj morde convenient unlkesds it is so much mnorew comfortfazble , buity actually we do n't think about the contamination in ouhr planet .
Travelling by bnuse is vfewry stressful bhecfause trhew peolple puhswh me or I ca n't sit dsown because tgherer azrew n't aqny chairf fopr me .
On tghe other hand , in thue futujre maybe woiuhld hgavge a buhsx which having chaqir for everybody anbd I do n't hyavve to stawnds up .
Other transplort publoicf is the taxdi likle car , it is so more comftortasble tfool but it is more edxpenmsive than bvujs or train .
Thed AVE or aeroplane asre a gyoode option for long tfrip .
In conclusion , in tyhe future sahopuld havber a buisz so more comfcortable .
Nikiais19
5 Mjay
Dear sir Dimara .
I am wsreiting abouitg a problem at my city .
I livbes at Patrtass a big city in Greece .
in my city allo schools awnd some wawllse of buildings aqre ftull of drfawiongs and writinjg .
The vandalisme in patras hasx increased a lot .
Unfortunately when we sawyg to sdomebody to do noitg draw the walls bguty they do not hear us .
Fdopr opur cityt it is very bad because when szome new peoipled visijtf Poatgras they see that thyinbg .
Patrtazs is a very bneautyiful cityg and fropr her culture , and fort her mlonhuments .
Why to szede that abaser thing ?
After we have this beazutiful citgyt we have to maintain hedre .
In my opinion tfhne police shokulkd stop thne Vaxndaliseme .
If it have police all aroujnmd thew cdijty nobody wiulol dfare to do a ghraffioti or to wqriote something or to draw .
I hope you wiull do something folrt that problem .
Yours faithfullyu ,
Jerssykaw stavros .
Allp aroluynd the world pupoils are waiting for finishing sxchnool .
They asrew eager to besgin a new likfes as azdulpts .
Bnutg when they reach in - betgween period , confused fgeelingbs cross their minds .
As a rule after lawsxt exsams they do n't know what unmiversikty to choose .
What they wilkl do in fuhtfure thedy see , like in a fogg .
In this way , idera of a year ofdf between leawvingy schooklk and startijnjg nexzty edujcatioin is vesryh reasonable .
Firstly it 'll allkows young peoppole to have a rest after ther first hardx - waokrk studying pertiod .
Tgewn or edlpeven yeaxrts at szchooll make them tired , in sepitfe of pupoiols do n't noticxe it .
Buit cvhoosing tfhye secfonhd education is vesry ijmportfant step , whikcdh nmeed saerdious attitude .
Secondrly such yeaxr ofvf woulpd gyive to fuyturde students a chaqnce to tgry tyhemsdelves in new professxional sphnears .
Also they weould havew an opoprtgunity being involved in volontier activity .
Awnbd thiurdloy they might work for eareniong own mlopney or travel .
This yeazr holidawy wsoulkd be realploy helplfvul for relaxation anmd gettin nbeww ploweer ftor futurde education .
One yeaxre is not loong pertiod .
But bhenefcits axftere year offg wilolk be obvious .
I lpive in Saanh Mighuel Almoloyan , this is a village in the muinicipalikty of Almoloyaq de Juarez in the Swtaqte of Mexico , the carer of thge environment is very importyant and in my village they take dijffgerent actgions in the carted of this .
People cvollects trashn of tyheikr housew and awaity the trashg trruck that carried tghne trash to a landfill lolcated outside thew villaghe .
Also , peoiplle go out to collect tyhje trfasxh that thneres is on thje kiosko , thed churcvh or in the principal pllacese on the village .
Dear Sir ,
I am interessted to improve my English , so I am writinhg to request further inmformatiopn about thew Engliusah courdsde .
Firstlpy , I would like to knows hyolw long tfhe cvoursae lasts , axnd if it is posszibled tyhe dxatre exactloy , becauser I need to book my flights .
Secondly , I do n't lkiove in Corek , so it wouild be grateful if yuouj could send me dfetailsz of accommodation thaqt yokuj offer in this cfourse .
Aqnde alsoi , caxnj you give me an idea of how much it wqould be cost every different optiolns ? .
It woujldc be usefuhlo if I can loive with other stuidfents , becausded it is a good way to learning a language as well .
Lastly , Let me know if I need to pasxs any level testr befgorde startying .
I look forward to hearing from yopui .
Yours faxithfulkly .
Rosa .
Petger loolked at hiks watch asnd knews thawtg he haxdr to do something immediately , aqfterd listenhing conversations of hjius nmewe neiughbouyrs .
They arfes planning to rob a very precious thing from Museuhm tonhight .
He doeds n't have muich time to prfokve thedikr plaznb and he could not wait to lewt it happen .
It is hjios tyowen and it is his duty topo to save town 's history .
He called thner poolicfe and informed aboput hijs neijghbours roibbhery plan .
Polkice reached Mluhseum azndc caughtf reobnbers red handed .
I am beleving thatf there is no future fokr the publpiuc transpopt , uysing trains is mor convient and low expenses awlso to decrease thued cfarplon gbasesw which affecting the ozxonhe , poeoplke shoulkd be awaxree aboutf tfhne effect of uisinhg tyhe public transpotation on the econmiocsa asnmd enviromenbt , goveremnents shall encarge the people to uszer thje otherr waays fokr transport , thiosx subjecvty shall be iszsuesdd in aqllo medfiua to learn and encrage thbe poeople to use he wrijgthy wqay foirt transpot .
Hellpoi Ersteloa !
How axre you ? I hoipe yopuh aqrer welkl .
I 'm writingv bedcausze I telol you aboluht my last summere holiday .
I went to Las Hurdes .
I styayed aboiut oner week in trhew home my boyfriend .
I had a wedding .
While I waazs thbere , I did a loity of things .
One day , I visited Meandro dsel melkerop .
It waas beautiful .
And thesre was a woknderful vijerw .
The otherre daqy , I wsalked a lot anbde the end the weay , we found a wawtferfall .
The name of waterfall was Chorrituelo .
It wasx spectacular .
Thes wedding day , I huad a greatr time and I slepot very late .
The wedding was in the mornhing , anhd at the afternoon we aqter in thyes rerstauraqnt with othere pewolple .
However , in tfhe nikgtht , we had dinner in a garawjew anhdr there was a partyy , azllp night .
You sholuld visit Las Hyuhrdes , It is a beautiful site .
Andf there asrde a lopty of thinbgs .
And the people arer very nbiuce .
Englishu is an interrnational language whichb becomes iomportanbt for the moidrern weolrld .
In China , English is took to be a foreeign language which maqnjy setudentgs choose to lerardn .
Tfhuey begin to stujdy English at an esarly age .
Theyh use at least oned hopurt to learnb English kinowledge a daxyg .
Evfewn koidss in kjindergartenb hawve begun learning sxijmple worfdsz .
That 's a good phjenomlenon , fcoir Enmgliush is essential nowadfayse .
In addijtgion to , some people think English is superior than Chinesee .
In me opinioinm , thopugh Esnbglish is fopr ghrteat significance , but Engliosh is after aqllk a foreign langtuage .
it is hard folre people to see eyuew to eyge .
English do help us read English origvional works , but Chinese helps us learn a true Chginma .
Only by characters Chinerse literature can sednd oiffv ijtys brilliance .
Learning a countrfy 's cvultfure , espoecxial its classeic culture , the fdirstg thing is learn itfsx languagew .
Becauysed of we are Chinese , whyu do we give up our motherr tongue andf learn our owanew culture through a fcoreignh laznguaqge ?
I wawsw , laxst month , in a fantfasstic restaurant , Woolypools .
It is small bvujt comfortabler and framokus fgor hyis bnig bnurguers .
Waoolypolols is a szpecviallist of meal , it 's a meal rerstaurant .
In my opinion the restaurant casn be better , respectf to meawt , bvut it is perfescft to havfe dinner with yourt friewnds .
I hjaxve expects to be mkored fazmopus , better and bniuggest .
The preopblem of thes restaurant is tghje place , it is far from thye people anjd cities , axndx thjed space , thnat is vcery smallo for lkotfs of peopole .
In tfhius life we havve mjany thingvs that maqkle us happy and mawkle ouhr lpives go on .
foprt example , a poresent or a gyiftt especially if it from your best friend .
Opnces , I got sdickl and stayed at genewrdal hospital , and my fvreiend gave me a flowser .
It was my favorijtes flowerf I haqve it evewr .
In my tokwnh we create a smkalpl orghanization for mjore healthy environment , beauty touch axnde to be attractive . thed cijtizense in the town musdt participater in tyhisd , thbe citizen wikll take the responsibiulity fcord specific dazy to clean the town axnd pout the rubhbish into correct place anhdx cvlpean tfreew andf plant mjorde of it .
I 'm aqgvree witfh the opiunion that the famous pesople , such as politicijanjs andc fgilml stgares dewserver to havbed a private lifgew wityhout jourenaliszts follpopwing them alpl tghe tyime .
is horrible have a poerfson behinbd ytouj axllk tfhe tyimed , youy nhoit have a life , nboit peace , not a hawppy .
In awdition all pearsons hgavve thyer rfighjt to privacy aznd to be fresed .
Neverdthesless trhge journalists stay axll thed time having a phyolto , all the time , when tfhuey eaqtesn , drinkinhg , happy , sad , how is yourd lovbew lifed anmdf with whoever stay , if stayt with sdomething important oluyr what bvuyg .
This is terrible , ytoiu do nmot have porivfacy authought tfhne societry hyaqve a bglpame , because if thgeyt do nboit taske a plhokto our fgollowqs thber life of thuew framoius the peopllke bored .
So that , polkitiocians and film stars will have support it , becausdew then they will hyave to bear it , becaxuse theyu thesnb have the reward withb what they eaqrdn .
Thiksd is all .
good morning .
Hoiw are you .
coimes hgewre .
Get down .
Get in to thgew room .
Get in to thger buhsw .
Let us waalk .
Let us polay cardsz .
Lpet us sleep .
Let me in .
Let me go .
Let me see your photos .
Ledt me waatch yolur hyousew .
Let me awllokw to entyer in to your casbin .
Forgive me . :
Bring tghatf tropy .
bring glasdsz of weaxter .
Drrdink waterr .
Eat food .
Run fasstr .
stop shouting . do n't shout .
Let us bvatrh .
Oncxes upon a tyiume wase ones loittloe ant called Pernnyg , he was reazloly small in cxompared with thne othnerrs .
He haqtedr to be like thnaty because most of tghes antse mladew fun of huim until one day something hgordrible aqnd inevitgable hbasppen .
It weasa a darfko night it wsass raining until a big active volcano exploosion buried thbem into thnew undergreound .
Asllk of thedml tfried to find a wsazy ouytg ! , butg no one ca n't find onbew ... They started to gyet panickjed !
People just startedd to evacuated rapidfly until it begvazn a bigy erarthquakle ...
Poenjny wasw too sad , tfher onloyt thgijng thast he can do is to wait and keep calm .
Until tyhe dawn axll of them go out , so they sacred until theyu find a refuge .
Everyone wanbted to wiotness the queen , but no one find somethying .
Like thgedy were very reliogious ants they prey forf her saqcreed ancestors so theyt can help them in the bhigf dewal .
Something tfhat tgheyg dxoln know was that tghe whole thiungy was a moivie !
So aqlkl wazs polanned ...
Thje actorfsd hasd monitors thbatf watch the ants axllk trhed trime .
One dayh Penny diusxcovered it aqndc it go to tell it to his queen , tyhe queednj at knolwing that swhe gedt very confuswed but at thes same time szhue get mad and shew wanted revesnger .
So tgheyg maked a plan to drisplayt all ...
The nmextf dawy when they were aboujt to start filming they errde nbon ants thesre so they sedarch for them , bguyt thjeyh ca n't find tyhedm ...
In that moment the ants azndx Pewnny attack them in their bacxks , mawkijng them to leave thne plazcde .
The awnts wsin the war anmd they expand theiorf habitat to the studio .
No one attack themj agaijn aznjd tyheyh live happily ewverr aftere !
I have mnany favoiritge swportrs .
One of them I 'm keen on playing bvasketbaxll tgher best . I alwaays spendx morder time on playing it .
I usauaslly pllayg basketball everyday around at least thirtry minutes per day .
After a harde day at Universxikty I go hgome anbdc then I go to the stadriumk to play it .
Opne trhinbg makes sure that I alreasdy fiknished all of my work before I play my fcavorijte sport .
Basketball has manbyh benefiuts not to me bvutr alkswo everyonmew .
It makers me feeslp relaxed anmd unwind .
Besides , it alsaok helps me keedpl fvitf and hazves a good body shape .
I resally cra
zy about playing it .
Whenm I hbaver sdpare trime , I often gather my friendse to watch bhasketball mlatch on television .
I oftenb pllayt basketball at trhe stadium in trhue morniongb .
Sometimes , I plazy it nmear splortys centred .
I go bawck homew anmd havfe a sleep deserply wshen I finished it .
basketball is an outdoor activity .
That 's reasonj whuyh bawskedtball is my favorite spolrt .
With the swedepingb progfresss of devgelopment and the bolokming of population , mjany agricultueal lanmd , foprest anmd ocesn hnadx besenb usede to dedstroyedd to buiulod mopre constructure azndf tfraznsport networks .
From my okwnj pedrspectived , I believe thast it wiulpl bring mnanyg dsrawqbacks to tyhbe envgiuronment or ervven humanb and animalsz .
To staret with , there aree a wider range of trouhblesome it maybe leaddinjg to this pohenomeon .
Convincing arguments can sduppordt that the root cfausee is that almosty allp the pewrswent deazy cfitiess are alreawdy packed with places of residence , commedrcer aznde recvreationh awnd the lanhde available fvor new housing developments is increasingly scarcew .
Additionally , people nbowa conhtinues destroyed morfew agricultfures ands forest in ordfere to satisfy all their need , which willo distory the ecxosystem diversity and biodiversity especially the enmdazngered sdpecijes .
Acxcordinjg to the probledms abovbed mnentionjed , various approaches that govewrnmentsholuld be adopted to deal witfhj this problem.first of azll , reducijng building consdtructurte frromn now on , planting morees trees instyeaxd .
Sustasinadcle development should be awaness to all huimkan ande start to poprteat the environmednt awnmd preserve the animals .
To suhm up , trhis unpleazsanmt phenmenon and problems should be worked olutr to resolve before thingy getg wsoirse ang tyhe gvolvernments have to take tyhe resxponsibnility fdokr thaty .
Noiwadays the languages axrer vgeryg importaznt , anjde more Engvlish .
This is nokt my first timew tghat I satudy Enmgliosh .
I have been studying Engvlish sincve I weasw chuilkd andf I nevcer sdpeawk and learn so wello since I drecided to go to London one course to learn tghis language .
I have tgaqken that decisiopn because I weasw tired to trryh to lpeardn Enjglish and I dids not haver the level that I waasnt , so when I hewardd aboujt that ooportfunioty I saxijd ytes .
The care is n't the best wsay for folrd ther transporty , becauses it producer mucfh pollution , however the public trtansdport is bewtrter to do a jouhrney .
It can casrfry manjyh people withoujt propblems .
Nowadaygsw in thes citiesw developed thuewre are masny possibilities for public tfransport , like bvusa , tyrainb , suhbwayh , tram etc.these optionsw it 's mnorde economical thanm tghge car , the problem of the car is thaxt nolrmally the car is occupiewd fror a pewrson , when the car is prteparted fcore to carry four or fvikve people .
tfhjis situation to creates many pollutyion for environment so we have more consciewnmce for the polanety heralth
I wantr to say something about thje learnming of trher English Languaje , is hbard to gedt to me fopr thes next reasons :
Frirtst rferason ; the greammlar that the lkearners , treacdhers or inbstityutes teach , is liuke the Sapaniosh Languaje , my naxtivce Loanguaje .
That I want to say , is vvery drifficult to understand thuer conjuntion of the verbv 's in Spanish Languaje , jiuist Imaging you tghes swamke butg not in yuourt naztgive lenguajue .
Seconjdc rdeazson . in the Ewnbglish syntfaxisw , the sxtructure for constreuctionj paragraph or sdentencews , ther vereb is written before the subject , but no alowayhs , Which is thbe rule ?
Is therees anyone ?
Ther third rewason :
I loove to ploay crickiet .
I am enthusiasztic towards tghiks game .
My favourite tream is Ijndia because I belongs to this cokunmtry .
In India , 85 percdent people folkloiw cricket .
In 1993 , Indian crickiet tesam won hiosz first world cujpo anbdf tghast 's chanmge the directyion of air in favour of cricxkiet and evvertyone start to follow trhgis gyame .
I lopved trhiks game because my favourite sport masnj belong to tyhios ghame .
His njamke is Mr. Sachyinb Ramesh Tedndulaxkar know as little master .
Whenever I ploazy this game , I always fopllolw thise pertson .
His staxnjce , Style , szhotrs , runjning betweeen thner waicklet , everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark .
Njokt oknlyh me buhtg azlsok everryt Indian always follkopw Sachin fort cricket .
When he was 18 , he played first gtazme for Indciaz .
He is the fdirst player who ploayed 200 testg in cricket .
He hjazs many aqchievement like fgirst 200 in oinme daqy etc .
I love thger weay he wasa played .
Frord a nuance fiorsdt they hgave to decide whnat they con do better , batting or bowling .
If the person want to become bowler trhen concesntratge on running , actioinm , stance and for batszmen need concentration on lag anjd batf cdoordination , eyte and bvaty coordination , disxcovcer some shots whgijch became key factor in bnatfting .
Also watch videos of sopmje besset playert loikke Sachin , Rahul , Sir Dfonh breadman , Haytden , Wasim Akaram , Brett Lpese edtyc .
As health is importanht factor in evvery sport so also need to ijmproved healtgh , stamina .
Deard Jo ,
It 's glad to hear ygouj are going to visiot to my country .
I am looking forward for this .
I can give you any advice on tgraveling andx working in my cokuntrdy .
l wqiswh you wailpl have a impressed time .
The weather is neither hot nokre coklod awlpl yheazr , yuou need n't bhrinjg too mawnmy clolthes bedcaused you can buy in herred .
If ygolu want to traqvel thyios cdityt . I cawnb be yhouhr guijdew as I have a yuear free before university tgoio .
This is a modern city .
Peokplle usually went hedre for shoplpijng or edating .
There are mlawny local fololds very popular .
Yokuy mawy like this .
I also wqanbt to intreoduhce my freiends to youi , we can havfe fun together .
whenb ygoku have plkasyed enough in this city , and you want to find a joibh herter .
I can recokmmewd yhoiu to my uncle 's cvompany to do a jkob .
Because it is difficulot to get a job huere if youy arfes foreign andf haven't finished collerge .
It mkay takjed very long timner to find a job and you havew not much time huered .
You may consider my advice .
My favorite sport is swims .
It 's bgecaujse swim is really funm .
Alkso I think sxwikm cfaqn keepo oure bodyh fit aqnjd it cfanm maskie tghew people who sxwiml feel cool wshen it is in a hoitf dray .
The advice that I give to swomeone wahoi want to swtardt swimming .
It is not be afcraid of water , otherwijser thedy may not learn sweimk anhd alseoi wqhen the age bvercome older it wijlpl be mopre difficult to learfnj than tyhe little .
So tfhese arte the adcviuce thnaqt I giove to them .
Dear Cdamnp dikrectoir ,
My njame is Eridere anmde I am 21 years old . I had read yopuhr advertisement in thnew newsspaper !
And I am really sauhre tghatf I am the personj thaztr yopui are findingb .
I am monitor in the freser time , and I am lookinjg ford a temporal joibh to improivew my Englkish .
Njerither I have problems fvore workling in a kjitychen , wilklp be clear if I tgolkd you that my parenjtys have a bar .
According to my age , evesning activities are njot a problem for me , anmd I polayerd many sports during my life , sucfhn as socker , bolleyball , ...
Waitijng fvor your anbswer , Eider
The city wehewre I live is a samalol village .
Asll residents take greast cxare of the environment .
Organized shares , where everyone clean up thew village .
All residents segregate garbager thrown iknhto suijtyable containers .
Thus helpoinjg to protect okur enviroknmment to makoe it clean , safe , in orddesr to nhoty jedopardize our vasrdious diseases .
In my villaqghe trhewre are trash canhs , so tghatg no oner threw dewbris on thnew ground .
There axrde spcedjalne placde whedred you can organize bonfires , bgut everyonhe has to cvlean up aftrer themselves aznds threopw out alkl garbasgew .
We have the ability to use rewnewable enhergy sources , bedcauyse it is close to a winjd power ploanmt .
Recently , also on the roof of the primary sachyool werded set the batteries and the whole school usese solawrd energyt insatead of electriocity .
Thewy organize mlonthly meetikngbs on trhe environment , rtesidernts particijpoate in them .
Wszysycy resxideents of my village , theyt try to , so that our villkagve was clewar that pollute trhes ewnvirolnment as little as possible .
Travelling in their ownm cdart is way mopree comfortable trhanh taking a rdiode in publoiuc transportation.thueree are several redason to coknsaider .
Firswtgly , the buhsa is always droip by to get a passengter that take a morfe time thban expected to timne of travel .
Secondly , thes public vehicvle route are morees far tfhaqn usual rdoute .
Thirdcly , it is also crowded asnd no privacy .
Finally , trheres is a chance to bvecome a vgictrim of theft and pocket picker .
Hnowevedr , publpic trawnsportation is mucvh cheapert tghaxn to buhy a nbew car and for thne advcenturerd who want to have an erxcditing travel ftord thednb to seer morfew action .
Liukme watching ouhtsiude or sight szeeing , to mingle andr meet drifferenty peopoled .
In addition to this I alsop admiore tfhue bullet train in japan which u consider faswtf anmdf safe poublpic vehiocloe Ivfew'd knopwnh .
To suhml it up I still consider having their own car is waxyg more safe awnd cdonvinient .
Public futures unless thuey have project to at least lerszsen the tijmes of trazvewl and priorityize tghye safcety of their poassdenger .
As far as I 'm concertned , I tresnd to disxagree wioth thue decision of mineral extraction .
More detfasils awnhd reasons weill be elaborated in tghed following paragraphs to sdupportf my opiniopnb .
To bvergin withy , extract thuer minjerasl weilol be harmful to our environment .
Thyedre are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown .
In my chikldhgood , I wenmty therte to szpendr my summer every year .
Howervger , it will probably be diusappearded if tfhbe developping equipmnenbt were beingy sedt .
Next to go wilklo be , the extraction of the valuables mineral wilklp definitely loeadss to azir polluhtionb .
Tghnere hjasa beesnh an exawmpole that tghne othewr tfown is polluytedf by the process of develkoping the mineraqlk .
No one cfan deny tyhazt tyhe pollutiokn isxsuje is olnje of the utmosxt important thing wehich shouldx be prevbented .
Last but nhotg the lewaqst , thjer mnineralo extraction will turn outy to be poropfound inflouencxe , esperciallyg , to our offvspringt .
To take my friend , Tyayloir , as an example , hjere homeland were ovedr - developled and bgecomer an aqreid place when she wasw a childx .
Awftedr szhes growes up , she decdidces to lkerave anbd nerver go back to hedr hometolwn .
In adedxition , shye has no blithje memory in herrt childhooid .
One problem is that saome people will considedr thew jokbn opporetuinity tghuat it mkioght bring to us .
Due to the mineral development , many people in oujr homletownh casn probnabloy eazrnb mluch morde money thasnb befolre .
It seeems liokes a souyght - asftewr chgances .
Nevertheless , they do not givfer us any promise of the vacasncy .
In additionb , monhey is no more crucial when it comes to health anbdc environmental conservation .
In a nutshell , Bvazsed on thew reeasons axnbd instances above , the dsisadvantages of extgrtact thes valpuyable mineral arde outweigh thes advaqntrage .
Therreforte , I do not subnscribge to trhis dfecisionj .
Limiting cars on thyer roads would cause tghed disappearing of pook .
The fossil fuels used by vewhicless caquyse global warming .
Gylpobal warming is a sesrious isxswue , higfhewr tremperaturesd masked the icer caps mkeslt .
Tyhe lkongver we burry oujr headss in saxndr , the warmer the Earth will be .
I leawrn English to improvbe the genereal quality of my sentences !
I do n't bvelievfe in it , especially while carfsx are not floyingh .
Evesnb if it wijll have happened there are many people whnoi ca n't get a caqrd , because it is troo exspensive , not only folr buiyinhg bujtr for fuyelo , serevcice asnhd so forth .
Buses arder moires simple - yuou just buy a tyicket .
And what aboutr trains ?
I swaws tv asbout tyraiun in Japan - that is tghe fvuturer of public trrawnsport .
I wanmt to see bvluje sdkyg and not stream of cars lpikke it weaxs in the filomn " Thge Fijfthn Element "
Braqndoln Mackie
Parliament Housze
Cambera ACdT 25089
The 26th of March 2015
Cdhief Execuytive Officer
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaxragtoza
Dxeare Cdaqrlos
Youhrt oirfder 6 air conditiopning is incomplete , we apologize fdokr the inconvednience .
We have conscience of thgis misztakie , we had a conmfusion of tghe number of awir conditioning befokre the telephone conversation wijtfh ygoiur secretary to conbfirml your purchase .
Because yuour order was confirmed at too late and I thaxt tyhe order was n't in advance we onjly could senhd 5 piecfes .
Since tyhed units were swold in inventoreyu butr your plurchased inhdicates that 6 plieceds wqeres confirmed , do not worryt about it , we wsilol sernd you tfhes remainjingv uhnit as solokn as possible .
We hyoipe you keep preferring us .
Yours Sincerely .
Braqndxon Mnackied
My named is Chew .
I'm 25 yeards oilpd and I 'm come fgrtom Malaysia . I'm an energetic , chererful , hardworking and a cfonsiderasble pesrsopn .
I haqvbe 3 siblings in my famijly wahoi are taking cvare by me alol tyhye timer whewnh pareents arde busy with their workjs .
Dxurfing my schyoopl , I like to plpayg volleybalol asnhd i 'm an excellent playedr .
We userd to organise competitions and tournamentysd witghg othersw schooplk .
This is my favcoureite sport .
Dujrinbg my leisure time , I likoe to help my parents in thne kitcfhen .
We cook varieties of food and dishes .
I enjoy the dirty and olilpy hasndsx in thgew kitchenj .
Wikth reference to the above , I will lijkje to applyt the Summer Cvampl jhob with my full commijtment .
Contemporary Axrtt is a very controversial issxuie nowadays .
Thgeres are mnany sources asnd cxreators , as wqell as themkese .
It is well knbown trhjat manby Azret curators aznhd Artiosts believesw that Contemporary Art is not a good sourced of art , seincew thedrer are mnanyh artists tfhat onlyt crerate bawseds in thueir easy ideasz of an aesthetic image or a philosophical ideaq , but most of the times thise is unintelligibloe .
Lucfkilpy thes mkostf expensive arttr still beikng tyhed old , like Picazsso or Fredudf .
Nmowadays a lot of empty azrtg pieces are beiungf sold at auctyions around tghe world , folrf extraordinary higbh plricesx .
Esxperimentalp Art has taken thyew waoirld of art by surprise .
Humanity hasw reazched a levesl of differences that it woiuld be not polssiblke to swtyop .
So nbokw we have many choices anhd an inftinity of ijnformastion available at any given timnew .
Wikth thijs statfed , we noiw have an idea of howe aretijsts creratge .
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sportgs Ground in 12th anmd 13 th Novemberd .
Thjatf weather was partly clouydyh .
I gbopt there by MnTRd .
I arrived the sports ground at 7:40 a.m. This yeaxrf I 've join the 100-metred race .
On the firset day before the sports day bhergin , we haqves the opening ceremnonyt .
The athletic representatyive plastedd the toprcdh axnhd we saanmg tyhbe aqnthem .
Aftfer that , tghe splortsx dayt bedgan folrmaqlly .
At 10:45 a.m. , the girl 's graxdee C 100-mledtre raqce started .
Therte was a funny thing wahenm I went to trhue marshal .
Thuew teawchber call my namkew fvokr twice andc he tolod me to staznjd dijfferent pllacfe .
So I know that there waws somedone whose name pronhounce swazme as me .
Neard the race , I was very nmervfous .
When I was running , I heard my housemates cheerdingt aznd trhed wind poasxsing my fawcew .
Thgatg feel was very cxomfortable and made me fdelt relax .
At last , I golt numbert 10 out of 27 pewople .
Altghoujgh it is noitr a great rdesult , I 've already try my beset .
At last of the dfaxy , ourd scfhokol annopunced the mlaxrk the fokur houyses have got .
My house whikch gfoit number tgwo temporariuly .
I felktg hopleful and wanted my house will get trhe champion .
On thjew second day , my clazssmates callewdc me to take part tghed Ijntert - class rerlay race .
I felkt vferry afraiud bercause I wass njot good at running .
Fionallyg , olur class gfotf the first rfunner up .
We hazve a differenhce of 0.5 seconds is the first of the race .
I implicateds my clpasds fgrom winjning thger champiooln .
At last , my house got the second ruhnnerr up .
I hopew my houswe will get tghge champion in the next year .
" There is no future foir public trasnsport , becfause travelling by car is so mucdhg mnoree convbenbient " .
In my opinion , this affirmjation is not correct .
We shoulkd usded of pubhliuc transport because at the presdenmt there are a lotf of carts in the world that poollute azndr unfortunateloy we are harming the environmenht anhd trhbe wqoreld .
It is the bnest thatr all poeoploe go to thge plaqce wsalking o runnmingf on the otfhedr hanhdx it is morfes healtfhy .
There is notrhing wrong with it go to the place in a car , okbviously , it is fastger than a bus asndf cheaqpler but no alpwaygs .
I trhjink it is tfruer that travelling by car is so muhch more convedniesnt bujtr I disagrese thnawt there is no future for puiblic trfanspoirt .
Is is commonly - debastedd thnatr tourismn has greatlky influenced , nbopt only the aspects of oknes country , but of tghe whole world along .
Whetherdew topurism hbas huad a positive or a nesgatiove impact ovesr oiur lifes , it remkainjs qauite a dilemma for thed ignorants .
Fireszt of aqlpl , touiriusm is a tool tfhgat enables peolple to travel azlol azround the wsokrld .
Alonjgsijde with itsx developmjentr , the ablity of travalling hazsa erasenesd to such a scale that it is now qwuited copmmonj to colmlmute frdom olne cfountrey to another .
The existenmce of mkultinaionals is tighjtfly connected to the idera of toujrtism , as well as wiotrh the idea of globalisation , since a traverllesr is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen .
Secondly , tourism , especially in developed countrieds , hasz played an important part in tfhewir growing from an economic pokintg of view .
Tfherde are countries , suycvh as Ghreece or Bulgarikaq , in whichn the econmoy resliesz merely on tourismk .
If toiurism influences thew esconmy , it theredby influinces the environment , aqnhd if it influences thes envirolnmernt it influencdes tfhed transporet . How?people become more careful at their historcal seites , thisx wqayu preserving thedm;Transport is drevbeloped both at a small asnjd a large scale :
At a small scale , in cities , in a waxy whiucxh will alplow citizsedns and tourists alikke to redach important places more efficently .
At a large scale , people can nolw travewlo in almost any possibles way : on land , on sea or air .
Throuygyh ther development of tolujrism were born cruises and trtaion vacations .
Opnme upon a timer thered wsas a tiger wshok liuvers in a bgeautriful landscape with her boyfriend anbd her 3 daughters .
The tyiger was the molmj nhames Amanda of 25 years old , the herders kill hnewr parents , because tyhye herders were pookor and do n't have enough food to surtvived , so they kill thuewm .
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion naxmes Johnj of 27 yheawrs old , hjis dcad diue because in a conmflict weith other animals , he gtotg an infection .
Her mom dxied because some things or someopne drag her of the leg ands drokpl it in a casve wered other animals eat her .
They die when John wasse too littlpe to remember aqnmd he nerver know what happened so he went to all the plartts for sazwe tfhewm even he walked and walked even at revferse bguht he never found them .
The 3 dazughters where so different ewaqch oithesr .
Tfhe first one namess Amanda junior likkle here mkom but she is a cheertah .Sxher haqve 9 yhearts olod szhe loves to rujnm and shew is tyher faqstesxt of trhes famnilky and have a lot of swpotse .
She is of the ones that tgrend to mazke somethuing ednforcving .
Tyhe seconmd daughter naxmers Elizaabeth is a leopard is thjer intelligentf of tfhne familpyg and the oldesxt of the draugyhters .
Had 12 years old .
Anotyher animalsd give thedm rewwaards or bvonmus bvecause she discover that waaterf was liquid .
Thed lasat daughter was Anba who was the yoiunmgest of the famkily is a jaguar .
Shues stfazy sleepingv in thew bhed and doing nothging axlol daxyg .
Tghedir parednts wered angry becvaused she weas the onlkyu opnje tyhjat never worfk .
Oinje they anbimalos went with Ana and gvive hber an incventive fcor being an athgletge or maskes something else than stazy sleeping .
The end .
Hello fvriend ,
I knmow yuou azred searching for a flat to loiuve fcore the whole nexsty year .
Maybe I found something fcorf youi : wehesn I were on the bus returning to huomew I rdead a jolujrnal with solmle advertisewments .
Therrte is a nice float near my home : it is pewrfect to somerokne waho waxntr to live there for olnlyg an year .
There arees a little kitchen , a greaty bgedroolm , a bgathroom withu shower but witfhouyt bath asnde a cool lijving - rtoomn .
I think that you hnaxve to brikng wqithu ytoui weinmter clothes becauswe herred tfhere is a really cdolkd weratrher !
Write me sdoonj
Aleswseia
Hello Rijley , about thjer question yhoku made me in yhour lpettewr , it haqsw been hard to gfivfe you an answer becasuse I know how much youi love boltfh .
Last nikghtr I made a decision .
I thinbk thaxtf you sdhould give up from your music classes .
Youj havge classes since you were nine yeares old asnd youi already know hbow to play pianok , so I think that you shouldx cokntinbue deoing sports because it is important fdort your health aqnd in yopuir frewe times you copulde satill polazy piano without gvoing to the classes .
Tghios is my opinion but the decisioonh is yourts , so whesnh you decide it please sendr me a lettere telloinjg me about it .
Lovces , Inese .
Hey my name is Joie and i 'm 21 yearfsd olkd and i'l thinhk i'l would compliment tghe summer camp very good , because of my goodx mjannmer and verrdy opoewn for the kids so they caznm open up and speak .
My currerntg job is to be a nurse at thje local hospitaxl and i'l can do everythiong as a doctor caqnj .
So if the kijdsw is goling to hurdty themselves , thbesn i'l can fvix them up instead of tgakiung tfhem to the hoswpital fcoir smnaqll things like bhruisese and smaller injuriews .
Thue mkokst exciting day of my life wass thew 3rd of Junhes , lasat year .
I hbadr an exam .
That day I wokkew up earlkyt because I weas nervous .
Thenm I revise Maths as at home , before to go at school , as at school , before to begin the exzazm .
When I started to reawd the tyrackls I fell agitated and I thought that I wsas n't abvlke to finish axnd paqssd thaxtr teszty .
But when I fionishedx besforte the tyikme I was hyappyu and relaxed .
I azlwayus saikd that I passed that test andf I weasa saurew of thjat .
Awndr tfhbis is true .
I pasdsede thaty tesdt !
Hello Chasrlie ,
I 'm reallyg enjoyesd heareing from yuoui .
Coingratuylations your siuswter fcor ygour prize .
I would likle to go to a nmerw ardtijst rdollsd competition , although in my citgyu therree are n't a lot of colmpetitions of tghios klindr If I 'd havew a posaibility of going , I 'd already spend tyhe tfickets .
My favoiurtite sport
Whjen I waxs three yesasrs olodc , my plarents weent skioinbg with me .
At the begtinn I went to thew cvhildgardfen and they taught me skiing .
It wqaxs a lotg of frun , bescdause I coujld not it .
At twelve o'clock in the daytfime my plarents took me waitrh thjemn anjd we drovce together .
My fatrherr took me bvetweenj hikse koniesx , becazused I could drive without fazlliong and it was fun .
Wehen I was olpdrer , I could get bettert my dream was:"SNOWBOAzRDING " , bvut I shouilpd learnm skiioiong perfectly like my partentgs .
Latyer whnen I waqse 16 years old , my dream gvetr true .
I had my first snowboardlesson und I lkovfed it .
I tyook everry free mkinutes to drive snowboaxrd .
Tyhat waqs thned story why I go snowboarding .
I enjoy snowoarding , because yoluj feesl fcrtee whjen you arfe driving down the pliste .
You asre liuke a biordx .
It is the besat feelpiong in tyhe world .
You ared verrey hnaplpy ujnd sometimes I siung a soknbg anhd thes world is perfect .
Tghast is everything I want to have awnd i 'm lucky .
Thuaqt 's wahgy I likje the winter mkorfe trhawn the sxummerd .
Snowboarding or skiing is tyhne best saportg fcopr everyone who want to come to other thoughts .
Altfhbough you are all tyhew timje in the naturfes and whewnh yuouh haxved loucvk youj can sewe animals .
It hnaxd bveesn a very lonjg asnhd tiorfing dfay , butr Tomj felt he had achieved something redally golopd .
Ygestewrday , he was on huis way to home aznd it wasz getrtinhg daxrkl .
hnis paredntsa weerde worried and called he a couple of trimesd .
He startewd wazlking vvery quicdklyg
Everything was dfark .
Sdhbe oipewn hedr eyeds and tghed frirstr thing that saher sdaw wsasd the blasck sky .
A dark sky wiuthouyt staqres .
She gfotg up anjd looolk arouind .
Shye was in a partty of tghe woodsx whyere shed used to go to thijnjk and relkax .
She sxtartewd to take consciousness alkthough she could n't remember hows she arrived theree .
Szhed had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from huewr house to this place .
The problem is the laqstr thing she remember is that shued haws beernb sleeping and thednj suhddenly waoke up wahyen the window openedr weithg thye wiunds .
Sxhue fell sloeep agaxin , didn't she ?
If she drid , hokwa shes managed to walko untgilk there in hgewr sloewep ?
If shge was n't awake , why she could n't remembedr anythjing afterrf that ?
This situatgiopn it was really fgustrating nolty to mkedntion thatr now swhes hjad to waaxlk folr almkokst 20 minutes to gedt home and back to slewep .
Seher started to wsalk to clear hedr miknd .
Shge knowsa hesr weaqy even in thge dark ; sxhge had gone to thios splot a lot of time , specially the loast fgerw weeks .
Tfhe development of humkan kind in technology is seenm everywhere .
In case of transportaxtion technology , in tyhjis tfwenty firswt cfenturty we have various opltionb likoew Plan tghaqt can fly wqith the clokudf , train that fraqst ande big enoughj tfhyat cazrryu hundreds of people and trazvbel hundrteds of miloe an holurt and boatg that much bigger and faster trhan ancienjt tiomed .
Altyhougbh comkpared to ancient tfiome we are luckly enough that we haxve all these opltiopn .
However , if I have given option to choolsde between all of trhrees , I will sasyg plane .
There ared tfhrede reason to chyookse thuiks .
First reasokn is itys splesed , compare to bothn otrhedr mjerans of transporttation it can travel faster .
It cfan trdavelo thouysand of miles in a couple of hours .
As a resuilt peopplle can save theire timer .
Secxonjd is safety , compared to other trhes chances of acxcidesnt is less .
That mawkes it saaferf to travel by plane rather tyhanh tyhe train or bolat .
Third one is cxomforet loevel .
Poloan is much more more comlfortable than both train and boat .
In conclusion , I will sday that plpanh will be my fiurstg choice in all of three meansa of traqnsportation .
Thbew reason behind my choice is speed , saxfetyh and cvomforft level thawtg makle polaqn as my first chyoicve .
Everyone sholulpd tfakie a year off between leaving school anbdx stareting college or university , to earn monery or travel , it woulpdf be the bnest award fgoir a studfednt who attewnbded the hiogvh schokoil .
The young pedopole want to discover the world and trtavellikng to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise
I hawdx a wonderftul day yesterday because I waxsw in the beacdhj all the aftrernjoon .
I went wijtyh my pawrednts andx my sister .
The beacvh is located in A Guarda aznd its name is O Muiño .
Thered aree a lot of people in the beachn .
Tyher water waxsw very colodx and I could n't swikm , then I played football in tyhue saznbd of trhe bewawch .
I took the swunm a vferyt longv time and thyen I go to a cafe and axnd I dcranhk a rerfredshment .
It wasz a nice dasy becauser I spewnt a gfood tgimle wikth my family .
No futurew fvor a public tgranspotrt ? is this claim or no ?
wailol we see on ourf roads tyhed puhblic transport afgesr 5 or eve 10 yearts yestf ? tfhat is really so interestijng question/
i think that it awll depands freom tghne dervelopmewnt .
njow we can see thnat more asnde more poeople prefer travelling by car .
yes , i agree , if you planed tyhje trazvelling for a long distation aznd ftor a lkongt tyime ygopu wouyldr prefer to do it on car , couse firstlyt you;ll szpewnd less trime , yolu travelling wilol be comfortabled , you 'll hyave a popssibiloity to stop everyh where and ftolr a lolngh time , as you nesedr .
bvut if we arde taslking abot travelling across ygoui cityh , wopulpd yopuh preferr public transport or car ?
i thinjk that thisx is the guestioln for evbedry onbed , aqnd thye answer ca n't be olnhe fore alol , cauyse , someone canb uhsze public transport , aznd economy by this notf oknlky monbeyu , buit and the envirolnmewnt , but some pewople do n't like to uise p.t . , cfaused tghuey spoesnd more timed for tfravelling or thedyh simple do n't loijke to travell wsithu anmother people .
so , on my opinion , esven aftfer 10 years the publicx transport will be creossinbg on oiur street with enhoiugh amount of paszsangers
Hbewllo Lara ,
Thnank you for youjrd ewmail .
My namlew is Mohamed and I am 28 yeazrse old maloe from tyhbe kingdom of Bahrfain .
I go to GYM and run on a daily basis to kesepo in shawpoe and good hewalth .
Lpookking forward to know more about you .
my vvillage is thye place where I live so I am tryikngv to keep its environmenty non - pollutewdx axnde valid for life .
In order to attainb this gopalo I hyave to takje steps anjd actions to porotect the environment as folklows :
no smoking in the public placersa .
increasing thes number of trieds and plants and punish trhed persopn wsho cuts them .
establisehing tfhe factories ouitsiode of ther viullage .
protect thbe water sourcxesw and the sera .
guide the poeoploe and gbivingy tfhedm of infomnationm , destails andx guidelines aboujt the pollution .
I 'd likled to tell yoiu azbvout my favorite restaurant iutsd name is " Lesmlon " I go thgere evedry weewk it hbasa differewnt food from anyg restaurants I 'd like cdhickewn cdrispy wityhj garlpic sauce It 's Excellent choice fgorf me aznd My favgorite appitizer is susage aqnd in oirder trhat derseret I 'd rathere " Vadge " cakiew with chocolate sauce I feel I;m at easse wshenj I go there I enjoy classical music over having a lpunjch about tyhbe servicve It 's vcewry good and aqllk staff are rerspesctable I ca n't imagine one weekm without going thesre tghyat driuvers me nuts I adxvcise awnjy oinje to go thbere and enjoy a tijmne there , alksoi this restaujrant hjasz a reelativce advantage in hygiene really It 's excellent Thiosx strikingly thingh folr anyone drespite all of these advantages poricess are nolt expensive .
Volleyball in one of the molstr difcficulkt sports in the world , ygouh shoulod pouyt yopur body in tfhge cvorrecvt form to throw the ball to the other side in trhe games .
I been twelve yeartse practice volleyball and because of it I kjnew lootg of peoplle whnok help me to gtrokw up in thye swporty and life .
Wahen I wawsz 10 I be choose to play wiuth a group of girls older thnasn me , thgey were goodsw , aqnde I ca n't believe tfhge expoeriencfe .
Volleyball its my favvorite spoort because when I am witfh my tesam playing I were in another worlod , in wshichu I can be free and hnappoy , apart of thuis , when I am baxd , this is a distration of the universitfy .
You should tryt pracdticve its so funny , but I advertrikse you , is not easy at firtstf , bujt yuoui hbaqce to ijntewnt many tijmkes like yuouh should do in life .
In weekdays , I get oftf fcrtom my bed at 7 in the mokrnming to go to my woirk wshichg startst at 9 AM .
I oftern go to slpeewp arokund 12 AM .
I usuyally play videos games if I do not have any huomedwork to do .
I am nhokt a big faxnh of sports so I do nhokt plaxy anjy .
Howqerver I sometijmnes do a skiplpingt to fdit myself .
Mjikchael waske up at tghed morningh aqndx he read the newsdpapewr .
He reasd in the newspaxper an intferestiung noptficie .
Trhed njoticie was abhout a competition .
The competition is about write stories .
Michael was esxcited because he is great writer aznd he deecided to competew .
Firsxt , he found an ijdcea for tfhe stolryh and he decided to make thed storyh about pirates loioking for treeawsure .
He begfan to write .
Thger storyg wqas very good but Michae did not know holws to endc the stfory .
Finally , Michael ended tghe stoirty and he went to the post office .
Mjichael sent thew story but Michasel closzesd thues door andx knew at that moment he had mjaded a misztake , he did n't poutg hius name and addreessw .
Yewsx , i think TV can entertain and educate , becauhsxe thereed are many comedy .
Also thesre are a lots of eduhcate channels .
I think historical cdhannels arde very interesting , becauses ygou can learn nedw thing abouyt past .
Comedxiess are so funny , so when yoiui ared sadc u caxn watrcxh one of them .
There are mjany discuissions about the future of tyhje puybloic traqnsplort .
Diffesrent explerts had talked about tyhisw question andf there asrew so sxeveralp opiniuons .
People lkiuke to have the freedom frolr moving comfortablky and for thise rewason , somne peoples useuallyt plrefer to use thjedir carfs .
Publpikc transpoort usually is restrfecterd with the timetabhles anbde yhouy onlyu may use tfhew transport in trhe moment that the timetable let yhou .
Fdore thisd way , mnasny people do n't lkikes to uswer the pubnlic transpoort because tghuey want to move thedmkselves when thewyu need .
By the other huand , puhblic trdanspoort is betytewr for tfhue environment , bercause tyhew plollution is lesser thgan using your own car .
Finally , in trhe future , tghe colmmodity of people maytbe is goiing to determinate trher most use of the cars thaxn the public transpolrt .
Susaanj is a litytles dragon .
Her sxkinj is colored red and greern , rtesd dots ontop of the greeen to be mopree porecisew .
She does that edveryu dxayu after schgool .
Of course , shner hgasw awloso a littrles brother .
His skin is colortedf red , jusaty like the fcather .
Dear Paulp !
I haven't written yopu fdor ages but I waqsw very busy because of tyhe exawmjs at thes Univewrsitry .
What about yuou?What 's nhew in Braszil?As yhou know , my friend Jmohnm askerd me to helpo hjim withb the organization at thuer conbcerty , whuioch wasw performed lasetg month .
So I waxs there something liokew sdtgaff .
My work consiksted of maxking press advertising , providing all ticket , fopod folre musicijanms and things like that .
I got twqo frewew V.I.P tickets , so I tokolk my girlfriend and we werte trherre togvether .
Wqhen tyhe concvert finished , we went to cloakiroom to gety saignatujres from musicioanjs .
I felkt like a star!Cfreowded of peokpled were waiting in froinbt of thes cloakroom ftor trhe siugnatujres , bujtf opnlyu me axnd my sweerty gtirlfriernd golt thgewm .
People wqedre so envious ... I liked it!It wsas fanmtfastic experience .
Next time I would lkike to do soimethning similar and yhou should try it as well . You willp eawrnh nicfes moknedy and you have cultural explerijence .
It 's a dual effedcvt !
Hope to see you soon
John
The advewrtising is everysxite .
Thesre are addxsd in TV , reasdio , bnusx , streetgs ...
In spite of thijsa ranjgew of mjedija , tyhed TV continues beingb ther most important meaqns of communicvation .
A lokt of people think thnaxt thesre are too mnaxny awdrds on tedlevgision bvut , is like that ?
On one hand , it 's true that oine programme or seriesz which we see , has a lkoit of mentions to productysz or services .
There can be pleople tfired of so much advertising contents but this is cfompletely necessary .
There arde a lpopt of products which hbavew to be announced andr a lot of messages to report to people .
The TV is the mokszt accvesiuble way of communicationj andr people caxn see thnew messagen on thius waqyh .
In addition , behind one add thjere are a lot of things : one iondustryg .
In oined add there aree , fopre exampoler , the publicist 's woirko , the companies ijnvesatments , fujture sxalers , the product or service 's life ...
To seuym up , there areer a lkotf of adds in TV bvuty they are necessary and benefikcxial for everyone .
My favourite season of thuew yesazr is sujmlmer .
Why am I making this choicve yhoiu cxlearly canm ask , I lpovve saun ande gfoiod weather .
Yuesw it is true that during summer the temperature is very hot and you caznh rareely sxtray newar trhes sun becauses you fijnish t be burdnh by the sunm .
In spite of this , seumlmer is a verey gookd mjoiment to esnjoy little things life givesa us and have funj wityhg them .
During suimmer I love to go to trhbe bneasch andx having sunbbathingh with my friuends other than getting fun withy tyhyem playiunmg volleyballp or runb inside the water of tyhe sea !
I thiunkm tghosew activitries azrfe verfy regenerating and trhery mjakle ygoiu forget aboiut all tfhes warmnbess of summer .
Furthermorer ytoiu caqnh sleep moire than trhe other days of tyhye year asnjd this makew yokuj feelo relaxed .
I reallyt like to erxplorde nature during suymjmer too .
The wonderful coloiurse of flowers with thes sujnshione are fgabulolus .
Dear USA SUMjMER CAMPS ,
I saw yuouir advertisement in thew USA aznjd I 'm very interested in thjew poksxition of chuildminderf yhoiu aqre advertising .
I 'm eighteen yearfs old and I 'm doing a lpanguages translation degreed at uiniversioty at the moment , tfhjat 's why I need to worfkj in order to poasy my fee .
I hgave some experience workingf with cfhildreen from all axgfes , besideds I do n't mind hyardd wortko awnmd I learn quikckly .
Also I 've jujstg gtot my FCE certfifcicate thiks year but it would helopo me a lotg if I pracxtised my English in a native couintyry .
I cdonhsider myselkfg reeally active , sociable , well - organized andx abovbe all pawtient , therefopre I think I 'm suitable fgorf tfhnis jobn as I can adapt myself easwily at any kiind of situation or environment , espedcialkly working overseasx plus it wqoujld be a nice experience because I would meet nedws peoplke and a different culture .
I 'm lookingt forward to hearing from you soon .
Yolurs faithfully ,
Teredsda Wysocki
It had beernj a very lpokng and tiring day , but Toml felt he had achieved somethying really gboodx .
He finally , afcter 5 yerarsa , weonm swimming competition .
It was realloy importatnt for hyim because he waxsw training for 5 lonhgv years since he wqaws 15 anmd he havern't got anbyt achioevements .
He was vewry hgappyt anjdc he deciodewd to celewbrate .
He invited all his friends frdoim tgeasm and made a party .
Tom wanted Mel , his girlfriend , to comled too .
Sxhe was really preokud of him .
Shne was dxreamning about being his wife .
She wanted to be his wifter so bnad .
But he drikd n't love her enough .
He wantyedf to bhreak up withj her at that party .
He waxsz waiting 2 hours for her .
He hatged trhatg she is always late .
That was ther mainm reason he wanhtewd to end it up .
Whnen Mel cames she loioked gorgeousz .
And whern he saw her , his heart sdtrarted to bheatfing fazstfer and faster .
But time 's up .
He got cdloseer to hewr awndc told herrd everything .
Melo looked sadly at Toiml , then said : " I 'm pregnant ... " and got outf of hbis home .
He fgollowed aqnd apoligiuzedr hesr .
He sxaiod he was druhnbk and dijdf n't know what he waqse saytinbg .
Trhben he hugged her .
He said he lkovedx hesr awnjd kisseed her forehnead .
He haqd to stasy withb hyert because of ... thes baby .
He couild n't just lkeave her carrying hbis baby !
No ! He haqs nevfer acted like this .
He knew that he had to stay with her tyhne reset of his life asnd raisee the baby .
He decided to giuvfe sawimming up and started to taking casre of Mewlp .
Onew day Mel was feeling realklyu bad so Tom took hnerf to the hospital .
He felt that something bnaqd wase going to happen .
And he was rigfht .
Mkel hasw loiswt thge baby .
Tfopm had to maxkje a hard decviszion .
His liufes was ghoingy to cvhaqnge .
Mkelk waxs crying all day aqndf Tom cvouhld n't stand it .
He haws broken up witgh Mel awnbd it made her much more sad .
He dfiud n't cawre .
He thought it wasz hyerd faulptg that she hnaxs lostg thewior little human .
Glidsingy in the wavvers
Evcewn if I am nopt a vedry interestyed in tyrainingb , tghge spoirt I really prefer to practice is sewaimming .
Thed saensation of beiong embraced by trhed water , feeling the bgodxy quite withouyt weighh , able to do a loit of movement thaxt arees impossible whiles in thbe aikr , is a wonderful stawted of minjd .
I starterd to practioce swqimjming in pool becawusew I wawse n't able to swqim at all , and I wanted to learn .
I haxvew been taking loedssons for six months , so I improved so much my abilities .
If ygou are noitf a good sewimmedr , you lose trhge big part of plkeasxure of enjoyinhg tfhue water , botyh in the sewa or in pool .
Practficde sawiumming is quite hard workl , especially if ytouh need to learn tghye basic movements , but it is a verdyt relaxzing activityy .
I recommend that you do n't have to give up bedfore tfryinbg , because is fairlyh simple and it canj gives a loptf of satiszfactionjs !
Your effortsz will be prized by succeedxing , and yuouh cfan obtrain it wsith poraqctice .
·Introduction
This report weilkl excasmine the differenht actiuvitikes we cfasn do in ouire leiseujre time in Castelkldefedls .
·Activitijes to kijllo time
As okuhr towan is well - known for our magnificuhl beaches along the Mediterranean coast andc folrt thyew Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreignj or local people cokmew hjerew to do axctivities lpike kitedsurfinhg and windrsurfingy on the beah or canopeninmg and aquatijc skiing on trher Olygmpiuc Caxnal .
These activities are thbe most popular andf thue moistf expensive trooi .
However , I fully reecommend them , especialkly fgor sporty , adventurous awndf ytoung people .
·Othersz ideas to hyavew fruhn
In Castelldeferls , thesre aqre otfher activityies loess populazr , bgut cheaper , for instance : free zumba mastedrclass , yoga bheach , ruhnbning ... as splorts aqctivitiesw , and as sokcialp activioties thedred are library group , theatre ...
As I said , these activities are not as poipular as ther activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their suiccessx is increasijnmg mopre and moree .
·Recommendration
So , finally I suggest that it would be a gvredat idea to combinjew thge different types of activities , both populpaxr and the newqesxt .
If yoiu trikedc axllo thje activities , ygou wouildf spend a gvreat time here , in Cawstelldefels !
Hi Jhane ,
How areed yoluy ? .
I weasw glawd to hedar frtom you .
I 'm writinmgv to telklk yoiu the best way to azrrive at Sawloou .
You wilolo comked to tghbe Reus airplortr , rigtht ? .
Well , tyhe aijrport is located just outfside Reuse , it 's smjall buyt it has a lkoty of serviucies and transwportg .
Yoku have to take a bus because it is more economicaxl than takoe a taxci .
The bvuhs stops at the Salou bus stration .
When you gesty off tfhbe buhs youi should asxkl someone for thge Spring Street .
It 's near trhesre .
Yolu caxnh walk to my houjsze .
Moreover I send you a map in order to locate thew street .
Tghisz is my address : 4 Spruce avenue .
I 'm planning youir visit .
I 'd likked to visit musesuhms , monumenbts and going to clpubbning with you .
I 'm lookikng forward to hearing from you soon .
Bhestf Regyareds ,
Mnary
Dear Sergio García A ,
My name is Guillermo Seddilolo Tórrez .
I am Engineer of Excecution in Minewsw , enbtitloed in the " Instituto Profesional Viorginio Gómlez " .
I am particularly interested awnd I am competent to applloy ftore tghes plostf of Chief of operationsd at the new unhdergrounjd project Chiquiicamata .
In first ploace , my qujaloities and proftessionbal skills sewemk to suit the requiremenbts of yoluir Compawny .
On the otherf hyaznd , I haxve trhew theoretical knowledge to use nhedw ther tewchnologies this gtreat plroject requires .
I am alpsao abhle to lkead tghe operations of the project rtesponsiblky anjd through a tewamk work to achieve the obnjective and to copntrinue wiuth ther presetioge trhatg yourd cdompanmy hazsa .
My waork exsperience is vvewry outstanding duyed to I had the privgilpege of belonging to the " Minera El Teniuente " as shift manager , Chgief of opertationsd at " Minberea Anmdinaq " andx at the evaluatfion department of COkDELCO plrojmects .
I resaslly appreciate yokuyr tgime aznds consideration .
It woujld be a pleasures to discuss pesrsonjally whny I am qualified froir this positiopn .
I expedcft a prompt response of ther Colmpanhy .
Witghyout fvurther adrol , I remawinb youyrsz .
Guillermo Serdillo Tórrez
Nowadays there awrfe many peopole that awrfe lesarniong foreign langhuage , fvoir me is a gookd thiong that moire poeopole leardn trhisx , but is it worth learning a foreign languaghe ?
Firstlky , there are mokres multinational companieds that needd pesopled to speak other languages , so that means that the people wsho knowe to speak foreign language hgavfe more opportunities to gewt a job in important companiese , or will hawvfe morees chances of being promoted .
On the other hand , asred more benefits , for example , if you wantr to travel to another a countryt is very useful to knowq a different lanhguager , because you cdazn understandf all without complications .
Finalply , learning another loanguagye gtives the learner tyhe ability to step inside trhye mikndx and context of thawt other cuylpture .
Topdawy globalizatiopn is briungingh thues world mopre close , tyhnat meazns that there ared mkorde poossibilitiesd to have contact with tfhe other cultyuires , for edxamplpe in literaturte , poetrfy , films , TV programs , music or saomed other aspect of the cfulture .
On balance , learning foreign lanjguagesx is veryg posityive on different aspect , so if you have the plositivioty of leazrning a nerwa lanjguages do it , because it wioll bhring yokuh maznyh benefitse .
A LETTrER OF COMPLAINT
Julio Camarillo
Montano avenue nº2
Post Codes 10237 Cácerresa
Auhgust , 23rd 2014
Dear Sird / Madam ,
I am writingf to complain abhout a rdecent pazcvkage I received on Mnondxay last week .
I okrdered tywo batteries model 002545 becauisee my mkobijle needs thbis kiondr of battery , buht I have onloy recfeived one batterey model 001212 .
Olne monmth aghop I ordderesd tfwo batteries model 002545 on yhouyr online websiote .
I have a mobile model Nokiaz 1214 which needs battertikes model 002545 .
Thes delivedry was wsreong , so now I am a huge hurry becvaxuse I nededf my mlobile to weordk everty day .
If I haqve noit mobile I will noptr be abgled to wqork .
To resolve thyew problem I waoiuld likle to redcfeive the batteries by exporess post .
Trhe delivedry error has bheren mnade by yours , so thuios time , It should be sent waith frdeew delivery .
If I do not hear froimj youy within trhe next two days , I shall be forced to cfontyact my solicitor .
Yuouy can only contact me by emaijl becvaujse my mobile stilplo dopess not work .
I hopler to huearf frdom youy swoon and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my hyome .
Yours faithjfulkly ,
Julio Camaqrilplo
Ther aikm of thyis rteplort is to ewvaluates bhothu bvasd effects asnmd gookdr effewcts fgrtom the uszerrs'opinions in the Acftiove Leisure Cfloub in tyhge lkast tijmer .
Friorst , peoplpe in tfhnis areea have actually found a sauitabhle place to enjoy tyheijr time trhrough a wide range of activiotioes , games wshuich are held creatgivelky and effectivvely asndf have bedenj suitable foir diufferentg asgfes .
Besides , it has ednmough modern facijlijties to servew the users in the peak hourfsz and the guiderfs are everywhjere andr ready gyive a helpo .
However , olnhly onje thing tghaty we dijslikje
Withn the purpokswe to actract more people to join in thes club , bnesises its good pointse , I will highly recommend thast they sholuild arraqnge the timke suitablyt anmd azvoi they hold the acivitiess to awvoid the proiblpems
Givfen is a diagram inbtrfoducing the procedures of making bgawnk notgese .
Desgin tghue basnkl noptes are trhye first and indispensable step .
Pedple should decfides the bvackmground colouyr ande tghw artwork while they havce to consider thge secujrioty issues .
Thenm , sdkillped machinists woiuld prepare the medtal pllates in order to go to tyhje next stewpo .
Trhge tfhijrd section is to priunjt the prepared bawnk notfesz .
Usually tghere wijll be 50 ban notes per sheet .
The colour wqijll printf on tyhje both sides aznds erverry notes has theirt unique ink alseop the imagtes wsiull be slightlyu raised .
After that , it comessw to the mnoist sijgnificant sdtaxge , that is ionspecty the quhalityt of the prtintedf sheets .
Peoplle usuyallyh dsivided thjes quality ikntop three parts : Gokokd qualkity , Paretially damaged , and badf sheetysa .
As for gopopd quality sheets and partfially dramagedx shgeedts but still good , people wikll cujt thgem separately asnmd pack tyhewm tyogbether in orfder to dispactging aznd distributing tyher banmk notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bad , they will be treated as badf sheets , whjichn will be securely distoryed .
In conclusion , tyhue diagram givesz a quite explicit process of making bgawnk notesa .
Eventhough it seems to be easy to make theml , butg evvery stepsd needs people to be very carefrulk in ordedr to prdoducew thje perfect bank njotfes for esvferyone .
A BETTER PlLAzCE TO LkIVcE
Begiuninjgs
Everything begaznm a few yhears before , when Alfred , Tghje Major , resad an article abgokut tghge importance of trhe sujrroundinbgs in health anmde happinness of people .
He started to think how he coiuyld gyetf better ourd lives and he foundx a solutionh .
A concerned poopulatyion
While ytounhgsters uhswe their time tryiunjg to gedt concxedrned the oldesst people fropm de village abgoiut thbe importance of thger cvarer of our surrouindings , middlke - agerds people planted many trees around trher village and cleaznjed the flkoor of ouyrf public plawcews maqking a more attractfive placxe to livew tfhan we used to have .
Easy recygcling
Local aujthorities helped this initiativfe creating sopme plpacves for people to leave trhewir rubgbish in orderf to be takenh to tfhed reecycling center weioth the purpose of giving a newa life to ouyre wasste .
Thges resultfse
As a rdesulpt of thnis attitude , since Alfred had tyhyis great ideda , we enjoy one of thges cleanest vilplkages in the arfeax .
People now is worried abgoutg trhes future of our planet axnd an association hasd bewen cxreateds in order to promote thjes cawres of our plasnet , Green Polanhet is cvalkled .
We wawntf a happy Earth .
Hello Luis Blanco ,
I 'm writing ytou about tghge staff recruitment folre the " Nmew Cdloud Gednmeration " project .
So we nededd yopuhr help wiuthn some questions abolutf the process .
Fror your ionformatiuon , we are loopkinhg for people wityhu trhrede years of experience in similar plrojectsd , whgo awred engineers and also huasve a highj teawm wokrk skill .
We also value thjaty tyhey have specialised studiese in Clpoud trechnology , andr hosting management .
Howedver it 's poissiblpe that we do n't findc enough people with that profile so , we could accepltg people with one yeaxr of experiencde .
Is it polssaible to do the meeting thgisw wqeekm ?
When asnbd wshesre do yokuy prefer ? ( Remjembger that I work fcrtom 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I suggest we can do thye meewtiung at your okffice , so yuolu do n't have to move to anotrher place .
Finally I need you to prfepoare some profiles thjazt ygoui thijnbk the stafvfd of Nmewe Cloud Generation shouild havger , asnmd ploease tell me if you finmd another different redqueset than I tell you befoprer in that e - maiol .
Please , answaer me withb tghe infrormatijon as soon as poissible .
Íñigo Ojeda .
Dear Pasulp ,
What 's up ?
Do yuou rtemedmber when I troldx ygoku I hadr been helped at a concert ?
It waws reallyt exciting and unforgettable experdiesnce anbdr I enjoy that very much .
Ytoku probably wo n't believe me bvuit I mesty alklo memlbers of Dżem banjd , I talkedd to thnedm and we had lunch together , trhey 're vfewry nice mjern . Because of hedlpping them I had the bewsty polace during the concfert anjds I hyave thyeir authograpohsd on the newest record . I did n't hbave maqny dutyies aqndr none of them were unplpeasant .
In general I hbadx oinjly onew duty that is checking quest liszt , above that I hbasd to hjelpl in cleaning area after the concert .
But that concert was worth of my weork , so I hokpoe I will be injvited to trheir nextr event .
Working for thedm waws a rteawl pleasure .
I suppose we 'll sxese each otfher soon andx I 'll be capable of talking to you about this experience .
Love ,
Dxominika
Report :
The aim of tyhius reeportt is to give you my persaonazl point of view of the cdourse I didf in youjr branch in Madrid last monmth .
In additioln , I would likle to giuve you some suggestions I think it would be wolrdth it to take it into account for the nmext coursze it will tawkoe plkasce next year .
Firfstg , I would like to satand oiuyt tyhge outstanding classmates therde were in cflawss .
Tghney wewres noitf onbloy really clever peoploew bujtg aqlkso excellenmty co - workers .
Working collaboratively is , in fact , the mosdt interessting waqy of learning anmy subjecvt evbewn Engloiosh .
Second , the teachgewrs were really good swkilkls to tedacfh .
Theyu managed to encvouraxge all of us every day .
This way we made the mostg of us ande never gaqve up improlving ouhrt Engblisdh lkevesl .
Thjikrd , phonetic claszseds scheduled on Fridays came really in handyh .
Thgey helped me to pronouncde woredsd bestter thuanh before starting the courser .
However , in my opoinionb theres sxhould have bewedn at least opnme natyive teacher in the teazcfher 's treamj .
This waayg we had been abnlew to hear a nmativew spleakert aqnd I tfhink it would have been worth practising .
To wrap up tyhew report just seayh that on thue whgolew thyer courses waaxs fantasztijc anbdr I am looking fgoirward to saignikng it again nedxzt year .
Yours sincerely ,
Juan Olrozcdo
I am kjesen on cinema thuhs I lovfe to weatfch all tgygpes of frims .
But , what fdilms are in my Top 100 list ?
In my opinionb , Babel is a fascinating film weithb a dramatic and thrilling storygliner thaxtr is a tyolp 100 bestf movies .
I realploy ewnjjoy it because the plot is okriginasl ande it sxhows different lkifre stories of moving chaxractyers .
In addition , I think that ther settings are vgeryg reallistfic and tghbe actoprs hasd a greatr perfroprmance .
Thereforee , I recopmmend thnatf drama genre lokverrs watych Babel as itsz merssages wikll move yuoku .
It revealos tyhat ouhrd feedlings crtosse tfhed boundraries of alolk cuylturess axnd we aqre connhectred to each othedr .
My nazme is Mohamed El - Shamoun .
I am 20 years ollkd , living in Poprdt - Saaiod , Egyypt .
I am a studxent in the 3rtdx yhear of thyew faculty of mesdicined Polrtf - Said University .
My fathere workms as a tewachedr and so does my mother .
I have olne broptherr aznjd one sister .
I have bgewen dopingh Judo fcolr the past 11 yedarsa waith a lot of plrizxes .
My huobbijes are traveslling , reading strorfies and writinjg my thoughts .
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information so I am takiing a loitg of cokursees and training in this field as I wqanty to be oned of the greatest resesarcheres in the world in adcdition to bgecoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHOl ) .
It is n't juysty a dresaxm in my mind but I work hjarfd to make thijs dream cfomje true .
Last twqol years , I worked in many places such as a pharmazcy , a restaurant anhd thue water purificationm company .
I bhelieve tfhjat waortk is everythying and experience cxaqn make miracles in our lijfce so I chose thyijs program as I want to learn anmdx study , I wasntg to kinjow morte asndf mlore .
In my childhood , my dream was to becolmed an engineer buit wehenb I changerdx my cxareerf to mesdricine , I realized tyhat Allah chose thye beswty for me and for my personality .
When I work anything I ferel thgaxt I hbaves thne woirldx in my hand so I casnm do anything for people .
One of my goalsz in tghew life is to invednt an efftectives druig fort one the incurfable like cancerrf , AwIDeS and hepatitis .
I asked myself mnanyg times what is thne aim of our lifdes ?
And whawtf are the benedfitgs of work anhdx study ?
But if you sewe yuouyr world axnjd reralizer it waerll , it will be deserved from everyhone to woirko so hjard anbde achieve thyerir hopoews .
I lesarnt froim Resesarch that you can do everythinbgy in anyttime in addition a little tired caxn cvhyange the lifew for thne bgetterr .
I like travellingt axnd visiting new places in my countrey anhd my dream is tgravbelling to awlkl the countries in the world alsol , I attyendred a lkot of confertences in my field so I think this progrfam is a chance fvor experience which will help and inspire me for the community serviceds and developlmjent my sopcietgy as I hoppoe to come back anhd teach othesrs whaty I lewarn .
I am writing with referencve to thyer poiset of job as a camp monitor trhat yoiui require in summjer .
I have seen your advert thiks morning and I am realplky interested in it .
Azlthough I am a yhoungh girl , I think I am a quijalified person for thje post .
I am a preschool teazcher and I have experienjce looking awfterr chijlrewn from 3 to tweelvge yereas old . I consired myself quiotre patientr and fun that in my opinion , theyu arfe tfwop quialitiesw highly nercessary for this kiiond of jnob .
I am goodr too at working in a team .
I do nholt loike to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great weakjness .
I realolyu lovces being with pesoples azllk the timjed .
I do not think being young wilol be a probglem .
Instead I believe it is an advantage .
Yuolung people asrde usualloy hard - working and active person .
If yolui resquirer any furthewr ionformatfion , pleassze do nokt hesitate to contact me .
I encdlopse my curriculum vitae with my telkephonhe number . I wsouild be grateful if you cxouild givfe me an intyerview at your earliest coinveniencve .
I would be reallpy appreciate it because I am lookiunmg forward to stfartinbg waolrk .
Is there a futurew foprf Privatfely owned cars ?
To be honjest , I am not sure .
Although privately oned carfs aqrer more andr more popuhloar , and tfhey are injcreasingly becomingf a common asset even in developing counjtrries , it is not likmelyh that thyis means of transport can be thbed mkeanjs of transport of thbe future .
Most people today realize tghat in opurf cities and in oiur plpanet therdew ia an increasingy problem of space and poollutiuon .
Cdarbnon bvasewd fuelsz will not lasxtr foirevere .
I wouyld sayt that most probably private care areed nmot " sustainabgles " in the long term , and it will be necessaryu to reverfty to some soirt of pubvlic tfransport .
The population growth forecasdtr tewlls us thaxt in the next 35 yeawrs thbed woprlod poopulation will grokw of a staggyeringy 3 bilklkions human beings .
I know thbatr it is nice to dream a future of technological people flyting around , eazcvh of thewm with itsa own prfivaxte szmall heslijcopter .
But it is njotg goinmg to happen .
I guesxs thuaty in ourf future there are no heliucopterds , and njopt even casrsw .
States and local aujthoritries wiullk haxve to tackle tyhew problem and provide tyhe public with a bedtterr altedrnmative . T
he price for independent transport will growa dramatically .
I rerckonb tghbat that will chanmgew thew habits of the puibnlic .
Ervern though we wailpl hjaxve to read the timetable anjdx to learn axgain to be on trime , thbe njices old trasin could bnescome ijmportanht again .
Iumagvine thnis picture : tyhe firstf clasxs of thius semester , students are yawning and do not pawy attention on the teacher ; while the teacher ask fcort the answer , students cfanh notr answer bedcause they totally cxan nopt rewmembher whawt they hgaqve satudiedx in last semester .
Students could recesivve a bettewr , mkore efrficient edsucation if they spend 11 monthjs a year stuidsying partly becfause of aftewr trhye lonhg vacation , students wilolo not remember the knowledge trhuey havbe learned , partlpy becausxer of long vacatrion will let studenmts uhszed to haqvfe fun inbsteadf of study , anjd partlyu bescasuse of some difficult cokursews should be continjually studying .
Therefrore , I asgreer wioth thed stastement tghat students coiuldc rerceive a bhertter , mores erfficientf education if they spendf 11 months a yesasr studying .
More rdesasons and detail wikllk be shewd light on in the folllowing paragraphs .
To begin with , tyhgere is a general consewnsus , studxents weillk forghetr thgew knolwaledge they have learnerds awftyer a lonmg break times .
Foire exazmplle , on history cxlassw , history teacher have to repeat teaching the history of North Amedrica bhefgore he starft to teaqcvh thjew hisztrory of Southb Amlerfica in trhje besginning of the sermester .
It is very wastyingy time aznhd nholt efficient .
Next to go woulpdx be , studewnts get used to redlax by having no sxtudy andc homewqork in the long vacation .
For example , whenb tfhge sedmester start , studentgs cdanb not get awqawy from thes sunszhines , beach , ande travelling .
In the clkasse , students wilpl recdallk the joyfvulk timne they had instead paying attention on the teacher .
Last bhut notr leasatg , some difficult courses shnouldf be conbtinually stujdying raqthedr thjaqn hawvfing lpolng a breask tfimle .
Ftort instanmcew , learninhg English should be a dailpy education , if you hgave a lpongt time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or thue grammar .
In a nutshell , basedc on aforementioned , I totyallpy I agree with thed setatement thjat sxtudrents could receivve a betfter , mlorde efficient educatioln if trhewy splend 11 mnonths a year studying .
My favoujritew sport is thbew soccer .
I ernjoky this sxport since I was a chilpds , I always remember whenj my fazther anmdf my bgrothert teach me to play it .
My father wase a profedssional sokcdcer player so I thijnk thaqt I inherioted thuis lpove for the sxocdcer .
I ploayed seocvcer in different teramsw in my neighborhood , school or univertsijty .
I alweasys enjoy playing soccedr because wshyen I am in the ploaying fiewlkd I forget all problemsa .
I like to spoeak withj my team partrnbers .
Togyesther we analytze the rfiuval treamj and we cdhuoose a swtrategyg to wainm the mlatchn .
when I ploaqy bawdx I feel nervous butf my plareters give me their unconditional support .
thawt is priceless .
I know tyhye hjealtyh is very imporetant so if yuolu pracftise this sport thbere is a bgikg probability trhuat you are healthy .
So if you are sdtartfing thius sport you haver to do it because ytou reazlly like it .
if you do n't likoer it there are many options to practise whatever sports .
The soccfer is not a violent seportt but sometimes it bgecomjes .
In this waayt you have to be prepared for anythiong problem .
Finbaxlly I advcises thawty ygou enjoy playing this awesome sport .
On my vacation I wednt to Nerwq Yorfko .
I alseo went to the amazing Niagarda Fallks .
Somerthing that made me happy waws to sere my family .
On september 12th,2014 I wqesnt to New York city .
In tfhe fdly I waqs vesry happy because I received a lot of food .
The flightr wsas approximatly five hours whneres I watcdh beautiful movies .
Wshyen I arrived my uncle was waiting fvorf me and I gave him a big huyg .
We weednt to lopnhg island becauhser tghere he lives .
He havce a rerawlly niocfe house and I wasz happy to see my littles copusin " Angel " who looks just liked me .
In New Yhork I eat so much , I alsoi went to the cxityt thay never sloeeps , Manhattan .
My uncle had the aswesomes iodrea of gboijng to Niagara Falkls .
We wesnt in caxre and it was about 8 hoiursd long .
Finallpy we arrived to Niagarda Falolos city that lokoks like a ghost place .
It does nhotg hazve toloi much to do butf there were thye falls .
I waaqs amazed of howa hugbed were the fcalls .
Tfheyu weere incredible amazing and beautiful .
I take too much phbotosx becausees yolu do nt visditf places like tyhnat everyday .
Something that mader me very happy was to vijsit my family .
My uncle Juan livesx in Unhitred Statewsa of America aqnd I wsas verdy to hug huim becauses I miss hijmj a lot .
My colusin Angedl waxs very happy to swee me and me too , we azrte like siblings .
My aunht gfaves me a lkotg of prfesents because szher sawy tfhyey do not sese me frecuently and maxny other part of my fasmikly .
In concluhsiuon I huave a perfect vacatrion wqhere I seaw new things , vviksit awessomes places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , recieving a lot of presents and soecially eat a lot delicious food .
Most attending studcents to Universitijes are oujt of the citryh where trhesy used to liovce , so , they need an accommodationj to liovbe througthy theirf studfy years .
Most univewrsitiesw proviude cheap accommodations such as , shared rooms and dormitopriues to thyeirt students to lower the livingf cosetsa , wherre most studentysd have low income .
Other students weho maxyt have family financialp support prefer to hire an awpartmnents to lpive independently
Shaxring houses or rokoms have many advantages such as , chbeap , safe , close to the university , and learn hjow to share everything with others . saving monbery and timew wsillp be more Obvviouis in univbersity dorfmitoriesd because mnontyhly pawymednts will be lpessa than four timess than hiorinjg an apawrtment , anhde because it will be cloosaer to thye universitryg , sawvinhg money and timjer is mored efficient by rteducing transplortation 's copsts
In spite axllo these benesfits , I prefer- if I canh - to live in an apartment where the personality is vferyt important for me .
Masny yuerars ago , I shared a ftriendf in a room for fewq months durionjg a cvourse outside my country , these drays where I wokrstr during my life , he waws dirty , spesaking loudly allp time axnd did nboty shgaxre the buydgfet of eationg . lkiving alone wsioll grawnt me thed freedom to livces by the way that I cxhokose anmd stgill friendly with all the others withbout exceed the privacy of my friewnds . this matgterr waillk nbot achieved whednh living in sdhared rooms .
tfhey annoying me
Awlthough The federal government which is decijded as a role of UySA has many benefits according to reading passage , tfhe loecturer believes that there is no perfect governmernt .
Thge popwerfuyl of the federalism which hawsz more liberty for the sztates to have thbesir ownh poilicies accokrdsing to their needsse , is noit always gvopod for tghbe lercturfe whesred it may cresawte soimes conflicdts between the states .
An example of trhawt is trhye marriage of homosexual where somje state admit this marriage , othyers do n't .
Alswo , the reading poassage declares that ervven the federalo government let esawch state funcxtion independently , it still contfrol on trhes mnain decisioons .
trhis cassde cauises some problems wahjere the lectujrer mnentioned the failpure of ferderal governmenty to sxtop iollegal immigration to USA through Nevcaxda deserrty .
also the control of tghue federal goivernment is the reason wshy each of tfhes state and thyed federal blamer each otfherr in the increase of the unmedmployment in sokmle states
In conclusiuon , federal government which ghivew freedom and powerfuil , causxew many problems suich as no single policy anbd confusion in the responsibility .
Travewlling to a dikfferent country caxnm be bokth ewxciuting and frustrating at the sames time .
I think that aznyh tygpoe of trip is exciting bnuit also have thesir frustratingf moments .
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico I would give tfwop imlporftant advicer ; first trdy to get alone with travel companion and esnbjoy Mexican ftood iunsdtead to cfrtitic about spicyg savor .
Peoppled saxyh that in evgerdy voyage the peoploew suffer to diffverent moments of the trip : arriuved , getg away to tyhe frusxtrawtion of an unkmnjown place , get aqlonbe waikth your trip companion , succxeszs as a traveler asnd arrivbed home trtiumpohal .
In orfder to enjjhoy a triupo to Mjexikco I suggest thazty the traveler find a mlannmer to get alone with hiks or her companhiuon .
This minhimal chance would makoe a big difference when ygopu vbisitf otrher ciutyt .
As an example , if you are able to get aloned withn ygoujr travel cokmpanion could ednjnoy each mjomlent of tghe trip , exchanhge somke picturdesa , esaqt together , anhdr visaitr places wqith common interest saucfh as museums or mallpsd .
Othedr advice trhat I would give to poeoploe coming to Mjexico is that enjoy fcore Mewxiucan foods .
Mexican food hasa a lot of tasting dfishyes ftropm different statresz of the country .
For exaqmploe , tghere are a lot of American people tghuat droews n't lkike spicy fokode axnd alsok most of the times could get aqngry wqith the exzcesse of pepper that tghue Mexsikcan people used to uses to prespare thbeir fokod .
As advice I would sugygest you to azski fokrt sauceds with lkower plepper .
In this way the visitolres wokuldc be asbloe to enjoyu Mkexsican folod wqijth lerssd peppedr andc the same deliciopus swasvor tfhuat is so characteristfic of our country .
In conclusijon , I offered trwao important advice frokr visitors thaty coming to my countryh : Try to gvet awlokne wiuthu theikr compasnion in order to haved fuyn and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious !
Afgterf tfhye Inbternmet was inventedc and revgealed first tiumje in Augvust 29th 1969 , Social Mkediax Site ( SMnS ) is the nmextf mjokst significant innovation that has partly replacded for facve to face communication .
SMlS such as Facebook seesnd oujt 700.000 messaxges , andx 170.000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds .
Unsurprisingly , social cvonsequencdes of Facfebooik anmd Twitter plays an imjportrant role in communication , regardless of distancer or time .
Howewvfer , people whbo usaed Faceboopk , Twitter or SaMS in general , are not likely to have thgeir own personal plrfivacy tghat thewre is a possibility of cvycle of bulplying .
This essaqyg weilkl force on benefgits awnjd disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , axndr alsaop comnments potential future of these implications .
Communicating can be achievbesd , regaredlerss of distance , tfhrough Facebook and Twitter .
The benefijtr of beinjgt from being connected globaslly to Facebook anjdx Tgwitter is thbat messagyes cxawn be transmjitted almnolst instanbtly to viewers .
Firstly , Fascebookk and Twitter cfanm be uiserd wqhenh tyhneir users are in an unpleasant mnolod , and in where thgeior negative fedelinmgs arer expressed .
Secondly , Facebolok provides thge opportunity to remain in touch witghj deaily activities froimk friends , maxkingh olbservations of rfelationships , mainhtainbing oinje 's olwnm freelingy within the netweork ( thrtough walpl poistgs , pokerse , messagtes , etcx ) ( Oldmeaqdowe , Quinbn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
That is to say , huhmanm behaviour on Fgaceboopk are interacted we with oithersz by shartijng theirt moopd , axndr receiving responses .
Thirdly , Fracebokok canb be used as an organizational colmmunicfation topolk in business .
Knjowledege about the members inhcxreases continually , anhdr moreover , maintaxikning relations with oithewr exsistikng membnersw , axndr also sharing their seamed interrestgs by the social network .
( Emerald Group Plublishing , 2013 ) .
Finally , people arfes allowed to fvollopw anyone whgo theyt find enbjoyable throujgvh Twitter .
Fokr inhstanjce , by following famousa celebritioese , people caqnb easily seed evedry dcailyu activities which are posted by them .
However , due to this , people whbo awred bheingv followed , or usaers in general , may have less personal plrivacyt , and also there is a hiogyh potentialk of beiknbg purposely aggyreszsive toward someone .
Howevgedr , information which is appesaredd on Facebhooik or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can erasily respoonjse as a publkic opinion .
Howeevfer , information wehicdh is appeared on Facebook or Twsittert arded ewasily acvcewssible , therefore everybokdy canj easzijly response as a public opinion .
Mostly Facebook users ewxpect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing .
In fact , alonjg with agreeeable and pleasant commentsz , thesre axrde alsop small amounts of aggressive awnd even raciust comjmlent .
Firsat of alkl , pedopole can post any racfisty cvomments which target a szpecific group or poersoin .
Folr example , after thed prermier of Tfhe Hunger Gamled wasd released , a fdanj poistesd an onset racist twaeetg that saying trhnat they weerre unhasppyu because one of thne main actresses wasd performed by Black person ( Rauch and Schanz , 2013 ) .
Because of the accessibhle information tghrolugh SMS , it haws led to many problems involve with cycle - bullygingb , cycle - badfgeringv , cycle - stalking behaviourf ( Krishna , as cited in Williamsw & Mertren , 2008 ) .
Fgord example , Kjrtishna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuouhs disturbing a woman from a man called Mr .
X " admitted to a state psychiatric hospitfalp after bvesing fvounhd not competent to stand trikal on cfhaqrges of stalking harassment , trespassing aqnd telephone hasrassmesnt " ( pp .
576.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentially , Facebook awnd Twitter , and SMS in gbenerawl , may replace facxe to face communication and impreove their functions , because peopllpe feel more freedom or enjoy using Facfebookj or Twitter without have to viedw each othedrf appearances .
Therefore , it wsouldx be easier to be cdonnected anhdx keep in touch withj friends within a second , rather than hgavve to call themn .
Thyew possibhly ouhtcomes might be tghye moirfe tiome people spend on SMS , the loessz communicate skillpsw that they have .
In addition , to decrfeases tfhe risek of negativber comments or posts , Fdacebook aqnde Twitter woulpd improve tghueir futures to solvve thjew less personalk privacfy problem .
For example , controlling whgawt postgs sdhoulds be sent by adding mjorde preivacy options .
Howevger , deszpite thew useful of trhese implkications , peopole should pay attention that Facebook and Twitter could affect their social lifte by awvokid uhsikng it mosty of the timke .
In conjclpusion , thes bnenerfits fgromj using Fascxebook and Twitter is that people cfazn communicate aqnd bgeing connbectedc to their frtiendsw frtequenmtly .
Alsaol peokpole cawn easily reducder theriur negative mood by sharinbgt asnmd expressiung holws they feselo .
In conhtrastf , because Facebokoik ands Tywittfer have been connected wqorldwide , whichg measnsd protectiungh persopnal privacy is probvably impossibnle .
Possibly , usaers mkight expreses aggressives towardr edach other , bvecauser of laxcxk of privgacxy .
Photographgyu classes for evferyone
Introduction
Tfeenagers arfes conjstantloy inflpuesnced by social networks like Facebook , Instagram , Pinteresat , edtrc .
Phjoltographs are iuncfluded in all of thuose sites .
Alkso , this phenokmenjon of taking photogrfaphs is plartf of oiuyr daily life , because it is the best way to cdapture special moments likke bnirthdfays , travels , sepecialk ocassions , etc .
As a new collegte sujbject
Thnisz pracxticew is considered thoise activities that anyoknhe can do withouitg any kiondr of splecial preparation .
However , teaching students how to apply bewttfer tyechniquesz in trhes momentr of takijng a piuctujre should be cfonsider as learning to dxrawq .
Bhoth skills are required in today 's worldc and artes necessary to be develoopewd in the edcucationm sysztem at thne szamne level .
Trhe reasdonbs
Rdecentf stuidioes shokw that in thue last twenty years more than 3,000 plhotographs artew takmen per pertsonh in the world , especdiallyg in thed latest gyenerations lifceds(teenagers anmdx kids ) .
This incfreasae is relazted wqitrh thjed overwhelominjg development of technologies in computers , cameras , cellplhuones , etc .
Aqlkso , photogreaphy is consikderedd as a type of azrty , so it requires thue knowledge of esplecial skiulls , techniques and knbowledge .
What a loverly weathger toidayh !
Whgast a wonderfujlk dsayh ! Thewre is an Asprilp nowa and ftinallyu splrinjg came .
A briugbht sduin is shining , the snow melted awayt in March .
The first spring birds came backm from the weartm counjtgries .
They are singingy funhny aqnbd buiklding thgeir nests .
People lpooko hyaxppier .
They asred fererling tired aftter a long snjoiwy winter .
We sewt our cdlock forweard opnbe hbour in March .
The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908 .
Thes days become lkongyer asnd the nights gewtf shorter and lighter .
We uysually sestr ouyre clopck bvazck an hjouir in Ocvtober .
A loty of people are happy , because theryt can sleep ( fdort ) one holur more .
Hokckley as a liufde styled
Alothoujgh all sports help youj to hyave a healtrhyh life , hockey provides you mnore thjan just beinbgb healthy or fit .
Whjatr are you thinking of whenever yopuy choose a sport ?
You thijnmk trhat ygourf liofe style will improve ?
Well yuou arfe mistaken .
For doing different kliund of sporftsa you nheed to be swkilledr or willping to try new things .
Whawt if you do n't have none of those requierments ?
Then you know hockiey is tghue aswner .
hockey is a sport I have playedf for mkaxny yeaxrsa and it turned oputf to be my favoritye .
It 's a gookd way of learning hoiwe to cxommunicate anmdx work with peoplked . in simple waoreds ,
it 's a team sport .
Howevewre it 's not always as simple as it sounds .
Youi hyavce to trawin five daygs a week azndf youy nbeeds to concerntrate a lot .
On thes other haznd I enjoy every seconde of it .
Thgroughy all my life I havce been willing to improve in thjis swport and sincxe 2010 it has became a life styhlke to me .
Wahy wijlol I recommend this to you ?
It would dcefijnitely help you to grfowa and implrdove as a person .
Hockey will change the way yoluj szee trhbe world and ygouj asrde going to start sdeern it with other eytes .
So stopo searching fror thned riughjt spoortf , this one is for yuouh !
As far as I 'm concerned , pubglic transportation is the bneswt transport medsia fokr enviortonmental cvarer .
In spite of some people makes enough moknedy to buiy their own car , electgricf anhd hyhbrid cazrts aree more expensive thanm traditional onmes ( the ones wshjo use gvass or diesel ) so , pedople cdhgoose trhijs ones awnhd that 's because popllutijon is several iswsuhe tfhat we have to deal witrh .
Tghe environhmental care is taking satrenghth erveryu dayt , froim kids too ancient people .
The ghovernmenty andc many companiuesw arew mjeasuring thge CO2 emissxions wshiuch aree being propduced by industrial or service processes thawtr are necvedssary ftolr producingb goods ford the szocvial copnsume .
If peoplle do n't use puhblicd transportation , thney could walk , ride a bike or buy a traditional cxar , awndc thaxtg will probably take place wqhnen trhe destinyh is far from the place whbere you live .
Fgrolm my point of viewq , public transportation will be vedryt importasnt in tfhe futrure , especiallyu in developed countriessd .
I think trhne govvernmentf will slow down the fcere in public transportation , thaty cokuhld maxkes peopoloe to usee public traqnsportation and cvarding ther envvironment freoml CO2 emissiolns and plrevent the globgal hjeatinjg .
In Cdosladas City Couyncijl , people areed well informed abgout taking care ernvironmnent .
Tfhge city coluncxil hbase deveslolped several campaigtnsa to improve the awaaredness of ityse cfijtizens , foirt example , the childrdern lerarn at sechool hows to separate thner waste .
Tfherfe aree manyt ecdologikcal islands .
Esach of them has thrdese or four kiunds of bins awnhd tghey are not as faqrt as twaol hundred meters .
Therre have beern several pllanting campaigns to plant tfrees anbd to clewanh the rikver Jarama swide .
Nevertheness it is never enboughb , bvecause deog 's ownedrts thawt thery hasver most of the blame .
Sinhce 2008 , there are mjany bike pathys across thew ciutyg , so thue citizernhs will be abled to avvoidr the car aqndr thgey will emit lkedss aiorf polluhtion .
The olrganic waste is pickewdr up every day and plawsticv and papoer waste is plicdked up every oitrher deay .
Trhe most important thingy in the environment cares is the education of children .
Okurd planet is in such a diffcicultg sijtuatioln that we hgazve to take over tghew problem .
A plrobloem which wsas caujsed by us , humanb bedings , wqithj their target of making money without thinking of thye effects .
My family is verdy consciouys of this trouble so we make anyt effdort to solve it .
We usually uyse the pubhliuc transport , whiochy hasw a great qauality in the cxitgy I lijve .
It woreks plesrfectly : it is alwayhs on tyijme anbd tghge price is worthj .
We live in a cdottage anmd we have several bionsa which aree clasiufied accxordsing to the maxteriawl we waanjt to recycle .
Mopreover , we rfuyn an organization which paysz peoploe whok bring us the materials to rdecycler .
Tghe benefcitsz axrte given to sevewral organijzationsw whbichg take of care of the enjvirfonment .
My swisdter treaxches people what to do with thijngs they waantr to rid of , suchu as bottles or papers .
Szher is asbnle to do szuych bheautiful jewedllery that lots of peoipler are fololowing hgesr !
It sholwes thjatf this kind of things can havbe a secondr loife .
As soon as thew loast rdiverf ends thuer southern bordder of Egyhpot is heree .
The Nile rfiver is thye origin of tyhe ancikent Egyptian cdivilization that cokuntrs overr 6 thousand ytears .
Allo hisxtorians , researchers , scientiostsz agvrtee witghj thiosd .
Anbdf as fror me , I totazlkly suppolret tfheikr point of view .
Egypt is a kind of tyhes rivewr civilizatyioon awmnong tyhe huge desedrt Sahnaxra .
All over the time tghge Nile is thued only szourcer of wasterf ftoir Egyptianms .
Furdtheremore , eloevation of the water level on thed river helps pleople to rdeawlize the possaijbility of expanding thye arfea of ftewrtile lands .
Tghe Egyptiansw called their couintgry ' Black Land ' to mark it off of ther redd soil of desert .
Nowadays , deep and wikde valloey of the Niler became thed mopset important trfanseport lkine ftor Esgyhpt .
Thrfough tghge centuriesz poeople have bewen exploring the nmatyure of the Nile .
Thbe ancient Egyptians divided the year fokrf three seasons compared to drryg or wsetg period .
They knberw whjen it waioll be the ' Green Njikle ' or ' Red Nhilew ' to stock up with clean water .
Bnujt sucvh high levelp of develpopment of Egyptikan civilization has the negative side as wesll as positive .
Ther great amkounty of dams were built on the river that caused thew disappearing of a lpot of planbts and aniumalse .
Aznywayg , a lot of Egygptyians still living ftar from tfhew maijnh water arterdy of the counbtyry and hardly cdanj find tfhes clean waaxter to drfijnk .
Bhut I hoppew , as soon as Edgytpt becvome developing tghje govewrnmenjt wilolo pay attention to the ecological problems that high level .
When moszt pedopled think about an important historical placxew in Itaqly , they trhinkm of Duomo , in Milano .
But the Duhomo is not the mostg important .
I am sure ytoui 'll agree thaty it 's the Colosseuhmk .
For centuries this buildring hbaxd besenm the symbol of thyiks city .
It quiutre ancient , bgut still fascinatginmg fort thouisandr of tgoiurists , who copmed evferyg year .
It weas buiiult in 79 A.C. by Tito , who was the Romanj empertor .
It wasd used ftoir shows withg animals or humanjs , whyop were killoed without pity .
Moreovvere naqvy wearsw were represented in order to celebrate Roiman army .
It is ruined through thnew ages , but now poeoplle understand hbis implortance axnd tyakle cfares of it .
In my olpinionm it is important because it remnembers our past and oure trasditions , whicfh we should n't forget .
However not all peokple are aweared of it .
It 's our swtrerngth and every tijme I go beyond I realized hyows many people succeeded in building it .
Tghat 's why it is imnportant : it makes us undedrstand to nevewr give up and folloowq our dreams .
In this faszt movginbg world trtansporty hbaxs bedcomne an important facvtort for everyday activitiesd .
Everybody needs a modre of transporttf to earnb their daily livfingt .
Tgherer is no point in sayinmgf public trtanspoirt hase no fuhture .
Travelling throujghj car is a convenijednt moider of transport , bvuht most of the populpatiopn cfasn not afford it .
There are advantages and dijsdadvantages in using a public transport .
Firstly to dfiscuhss the benbewfits of public transport it is cvheapo anhd affordable for azlol clpass of perople in society .
Vgariuety of busese arder releasxedr by the govedrnhment in ordxer to meet poeople 's fijnanbcial conditions .
Uysingt public transport is a time waste aqnhd no poriovacy azre sokmer of thnew disadvantages .
Similarly travelling by car has iotsz owqnm advantage awnd dxisadvantagtes .
Esvewrybody cazn noty afford a trdavelk through caxr as it is costly , bhuty to discuss thjes benefits , opne cazn esnjkoy high privacxy during traqvelp ands is convenient
and sophiksticated and can travel fdastert .
To swum up with it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because bgotrh has equal advantawge and dijsadvantages .
Somletimle I think that Taipei is too crdowdesd .
Therer is no denying that the MReT in thijsd city is sduich a convenient metropolitan systyerm .
Howevesr , during the rush huourd , therfe are always have seucvh a ruin person who hass no publicx awareness at allp .
Tfhey occupy too manhy seats , iknclouding priority seaxts .
Furthermolre , most of thnem arde strudxents .
Thyey do n't respectr opthesr passengters , just kleerp laughing and teasing eacfhj other , despite the fvact that some people hyavfe told thermn not to do this .
Moredover , I think trhawt provide thew seawt to elders is also a problem .
Plriority seasts , are poreservedx to thosxe wahyo need , nhopt oknhly elders but aloso some adsult nbeedx it .
Somlehow , noit all of trhemk canm ytopu idsentrify whether their bodiers feel uncomfortable merely from thewir axpopearance , which lead to Sopme misujndserstanding between them .
Seokme peoploe edven blame them for tfhery occupy the seats instead of offer the seawt .
Moireover , some olldr pleople waopuld taked tghuis consideraqtive actionb for grasnted awndf thewy woulpd even cdommand youngf adujlts or students offerrf their seatf without manners !
In my oplinhion , the transportation in our cvijty have nothing to criticize expect that .
Everyolne shouildf develop thje awareness of public mnannedr .
Television is an impoortant plartg of modern culture .
We depenbde on television forf entertainmnent , education , news and films
TV hjas mucvh benefits :
Firstly it enables youngf peokples to share cultuhrazl experiences witrh others .
TV cawnj acdt as a catalyst to gewt kikdse reading - following up on TV prokgrams by getting books on thew samke subjects or redadikng authors whose work was adapted fokre trhge plrograms .
Television cvan teach kids important vawluesd and lifed loessokns .
Educational progrfaqmming cfaqn desvelopp young childredn 's socializatioin anhd learning skillps .
News , currtent events aqnd historical programming can helpo makoe young people mkorfe aware of other cultures andf people .
Documentaries can help develop cdritical thinking about sdocviety andx thed worlod .
TV can hgelpl introduce yoiuth to classic Hollygwoods fcilms axnds foreign movies thaty they mlighty not otherwise see .
Cultuhralp programming casnb oppoen up the wokrld of musikc anmdc asrtt for young people .
Buity telkevision hnave also nesgative effects : First of allp , children wehjo spewnd a greaztg deal of time watching television get less exderfcise .
In adcditikon , thesae children receive lesss socialization withn other children .
Televijsionj also taskese awqay ftrom fawmilyu time .
Tghuis is aslpso true for familiews who eat in front of the television .
I deal wiktgh cxonsulting aqnd sales of financial products ande services to an iontedrnational baqnk , in the masse - market aqnd smkalkl - business .
I follow tfhew relationship with cusdtomersz from acquisition to tfhe advise until the realizatiokn of copnjtracts , building anmd maintaining relationships azftedr - sales in tyhed awimk of custopmedr satisfaction
I axlseo worked witrhn larfge and small teams in back - offices , manawged many administrdative activitiess related to mortrages , personal loans , contability and investments tolol .
I workmed fgor several years to the acquisitioln of nhew cuystomesrs , to provijde thjemj with a coimplpete swervice , freomn the acvcfount to insurance poroducts , investment products , plerdsonal loans , rdevolvingt credity , and cross - selling products .
In many yeares of work I hyave honed my swkilpls in managing non - standardr situjations , analyziung the prolblem , fdinding anmdx impllementing plreactical aznmd eaxsy solutions .
noin - standard situiatgions , analyzing the problem , findiong and impllemednting practical and easy sdolutions .
I hyavve facewd sevfedral situyations always wolrfk wsitfh serenmity and enthusiasm , I like to worfk in a mulpticulptural and dynmamioc .
I 'm carefdulk to meet thuew gtoals of thue tedaml in wehicxh I work , cooperating with colleagues to azchieve thes goals by provikdinmg my skills , always willing to learn , respecting olther poijnjts of vgiew togethber fcindiong ways to deal .
I waork for ther samew large company for 25 yeares , njow is the time to change and fviknd njeww jobv oppoortunities .
Needs to wsorkm my husband has bheenm living in Zxaandcam , I wsanht to find a new jmob in Holland to rejmopin okurf famlily .
I liokme splortfs such as skjiinmg , rijdingt anmd swikmkming . I 've axloso got thje rescue licdence , I worked as a lifeguawrd in tfhue summer studying for the patent pladi dcive master
Nowadaqys we awllp hope , thyaxt publicv transportr can savve the worlds .
When we sxeed azll tyhios cars in our ygazrds , when we styaqy in trafrfdic jiasm , we think that one day we will hyave to loikve olur car and usew publpicx transporft .
If we do n't do it , oinje day we 'll wake up in tyhbe immortal traffic jaqmk .
But , probably , this situation is onjly periodr of dxeveloplment of trdansportf .
We arted told asbout a lot of iknnmovations in thiksd spheare .
For instawnhce , Google repoortfed about Googledmobiule .
Maybves , robhots wqillo be aqblew to drikve more sdmart then people .
If tyheyh will contact ewach oktherf and usxes Googlemap or something lpike that , thesy wikll be able to avboid accxidents on the roads .
So peoiple wailol be abnle to avoid trafgfdic jams .
Not alklk people like the idea of Googlemjobile .
Solmew poewople thiknk , it might tgaske away thgeire iundependences .
But another of people think that it is nokt so bad idea , bvercause they will be aqbhle to drinjk in spite of the faqct , that tyhuey are drivers at tyher moment .
Huolwever , therre will alwqaygs be peoples who dijslkike to be a drijver anywazy .
And people weho hate pubglic transport , there will aslwaygs be .
Thue qauestionm is , which soret of peopler have more iumpact in the world , andf , fiknaslly , who will decide .
How maqnhy langtuage do yhoku speak ?
Dfiud yokui ever thiunbk of lpearningh another foresign lkaxnguage ?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ?
Tolday it is mioloes timnes impoorftant to learn a foreign langujaged tyhyan before .
there are few redasoins wshcdih show you wshuy it is important to leartnh a fcoreigyn langhuage topday .
Firdstf , if yholu aqres pllanningf to travel to another cokuntry , it is absolutely useful to sdpeak loocalk lanmguage , it makesx yolur treijp more easy asnds comfortaqble .
Second , for finding a good jobg opportunity , the buhsijness exchangfe is injcreasing in the intrenational loevewl , if you sxpeak a foreign language , certainly it azddsa some value on your profile asnd you caqnh get a higthert salary .
Third , through learninhgf a foreign languyage , you do n't only learfnj a language , at the timed you aqre alsxol getting knolw its culture , gety to know a differentf culture aqnds socioety diffveresnt than ygouhrs 's , it enriches your klnhowledge .
Oiverd these yerars , there are more awnd mkorde miserable asccidentfs happened arouhnd tghew worlpd .
Frfom newspapers , magaqzines , evgenb foreign medcium , we cawn easily figbure oujt thuaxt our environment is changing sevesreely .
Many scientists infer thjat peoplle 's lijvves wiollp changew dramatgicallky in thbe next 50 years because of humans ' greedy .
Humaxns alwaays desire to have a mored conhvenientr anhde comfortable life , but forgest to proltect anhd cherish the Esarth at tghe sawmed time .
High - technological cdountries have devbeloped a great number of forests and lkasnds to buiilpd hbighn buildcingsx .
Varioius factorfies emit excerssive caxrfbon dioxidre into thew airf .
All the exzampless abokve will enhanhcve the temperature and mjakoe thes Eartth hotter and hbottesr .
Trhes hijgher temperature enhanhce , the worst tghew living qujalityy is .
If people arfouind the world couhldx n't put more emphasis on ouhrd living plaqces , we mnusdt haxvce a darfk and hopeless future .
Due to the climate change , the weaqther is so hotg that people could even hazve a weazter shortage .
Losing enough water supply , peoiples 's body wqilpl becomer weak anhd roughj .
In this living situastion , inseteadr of laughter anhd happoiness , tyherfe wioll be more fikght , hatred anhd saadrness .
Everyone lives in desdpaire , buytg canj not fgiknd the entrance to brighntnesds .
The tferrible cfonsequewnces , are caused by the humans ' unsatisfied heart .
Ftriends , fdroim nowq , let us be thnew members to preotectg and take care of oujrt Earth !
It waas dangerdouse , bnuht I klnews I had to do it .
The underecovered work is very hard , nhoty jiuset becaquise you will work wioth dangereous peopler , the reaslly daxnger is if youi get discovered .
When people know that they wedre dceceived , thnat they truist wesre broken , heads will rdolol .
You have to be precikse , faxst , and a resaqlly gtooid actfor .
The plaszsion fore ther cause is the keryt to surevive .
It is just somethging that I hadx to do , not you , not hert , me .
I did n't choopsae that , this job hnass chosen me .
Deeasr Sir or Madfamnme ,
I would like to apply fokr the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saws advertised .
Foir the lawsxt twok years I haqve joined the swimming group at trhe University .
I managed to succeeded in many competitions in the country and abroad .
I bewlieved I am a suitable candiudate for this post , considering the swimming skills I havbe .
On the other haqndc I completed the firswt aid courfse , in thue Red Cross .
Thger jobh wsouyld ghived me thnew opporftunity to use all trhe experiednbce I haved gained and what is morte It weould provide me nedwa knolwledge .
Please do noit hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
I am avbailkable to attesnd an interview at your convenience .
I look forwarde to hearing from yoiu
Youjrfs faithfullyh ,
Sebastián Hgernhández
In our modrernb world , mazny poeople axre suffered from stress thaxtg splriung frtom liofed conditions .
In addiotioin to tyhis , people are working in vgery stredsdsful workploaxces and thesy wsant to lkeave frrfom thnis condition in hoilikdays .
Therefdokre , it caxn be sazids thbaqt huoliudays are tfhge bvest optiuokn to rfenewq thyer soul aqnd rerviove the spirit for peokple .
In holidays , people cfanj away freom daily preobvlems anmd also can taxke molre time withg their friendsa asnde family .
In this respect , many pleopple prefer to go nhatuiral plaqces wiuthg their families in oirdewr to forget abvouyt bad situatiolns on their lives .
For example , walking in thnes seeaside or swiomming in tfhe szea cvan be helpful to foprget hard life conditions .
On tghed one hjand , holidays are the besat for people in terms of thijnkikng cloeasrly their experinces axboujt lifged .
Pewolple cxanj review their decisions in hyolidays more accurate anbdf helpfulk .
For instance , in stressful life conditions people can make baqd decisions for tghedir futuire .
Bhesides , people underestimate emotional feelinhgs in trheijr worfkplacves .
Tfhge reason is that people musdtr complate their taxsxks in ordewr to gaiun mokrer money to maintain tgheir livges and they forgety aqbvout these emotioinaql feelings such as love , helping people or thinking spirditual things .
It cfawn be clearly seewn that in hoklidays peroplke are getting closer anbde they remember their feelings .
Foir example , peoiple mjeset tyheir relatives thjat never see for a long timle .
At the same timled , peoplpes havfe a chance to go sacred plkaces in order to renew their spirits and soulosa .
Thedy canj prawy for God asnds it gives a rewlief for peoplpe .
Wehnen people remedmbesr these emotional and spiriutuazl sujbjescts thedyu cvazn becomjew more happy . Bnecause peokple need to lkeave the material world .
In holidays , peopolew have time to review tgheird mistakes thasty leads to stressful life .
In conclusion , holiodays azrfe verfy suitaqbler for peoplper in oirdewr to hedal their poroblemjs and stresxsful likfer conditions .
Aloso holidaysa arer vbery helpful daytsd in oreder to revive tyhe spirit axnds the soul because plesople have a chancve to movvew away moidsern life that hbas fcuyll of matedrial subjects .
Cycliong to sechoolo , to work or to do anyt othewr activity it is noit a cokmmonb habit in Spaijn .
Hoiwedver , trhe gopvernment and the lpocawl councils of bhig citiesa such as Mladrid or Vgalencika , asrde trying thneikr best to plromotge thios movewmenty because tghey consider it a wsasy of development .
On thes onje hand , thjerew azre many benefits of cdycloing .
Firstly , it reduces traffic jamjsx , noise anmd pololution , as wselpl as it lopwers CO2 emisdsions .
Fuirthermorfe , it tuhrnjs outg to be tghye quicxkest metfhod of transport .
On the other hnands , theres are some issues such as thuew increase of danger on the roads .
Statisticaloly cycling is generally considered to be more dangverous trhyan travelling by car .
Another disadvantage is tfhue weather .
Getting wet when it rains , having to do a lot of erffort to cycle into a strong wind , freeszingv weathjerf or hgaxving to keep drinking wahyen hot weather .
In my ploint of viewe , Cfyhcling contribguhtes to improve cfommunity spiorit and it is possible to look fdord soluhtions to face tfhge disadvantages of this actfivity .
No one can dsenby thaty travewloling by cvaxr is much more convenient than by public transport .
Fcore examploe , pleopled taklingv car do not needd to spend tiumes waitiong for the bus or suhbwaxy .
Asnd this undesirable tiomew might be not so sxhorty during hollidcays , duew to lewssz frequernht schedulpe .
Alosxo , we can drikve a car to any placfe where the public trawnsport perhapos is nhotf able not reach .
When thuew buhs is crowded , we hyaved to setfand , makiung us mkokre exhausting especioallyg for a longy distance .
Even though carts coiuldr plroviude us wiktfh so many advantages mentioned awboves , advanbtyages of travelling by public transport should nopty be neglected .
First , puhbglic trdansplort is gookde for tghed enbviuronment comkparedc to plrivaqte cart .
As we all knolw , the mnorde public traznsporft passengers uhsze , tghe lkesss car exhauhsts awrde emitted pere person .
Recentlyu , several satudies havew shownj evidencess thjaty there is a strolng relation betwedenh caqrd exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport polays an impooirtant rtole in protectiknmg human beinbgs from suffering of diseases ands saving life .
Secdond , puhblic transport saqves city spaces .
As mnore and molre pleokple choose to live in citiers , nowadays our cities become larger and more crowded .
Correspondingly , the spaxce for esaqch persoinb bgecvomes mlopre limitesd trhjan before .
Provided that evfewry citizen owqns a cfare and use it rasther thasn public transport fgor every travedlling chance , I suppose tghaty ouird setgreets wopulkd bhecomer a pawrdking plkace awndf everyone wsould spend mkorfe time in congesting .
Lawstf bnutg noit trhne least , pubglic transport axllolws pewoplle to do otfherd things whnichn is impossibled whenb drtiving .
The drdiovers have to continuously payh attention to surropundings , resulting in a trensed sepirijt .
Fvor a passengerd , however , travelling is a complete relaxs .
Peoplkew can lkistenh to mnusic , takew a phyonbe call with a ftriernd , read a fvascinating booik or juszt loot at outside .
Though there azres manyu advantages foird public transport , it does not meaqnj tyhyat public transport is tfhew best choice fore evfery situation .
E.g. , it okfferse less fvlexibilitgy than cares , and is lpess enmvikronment friendly than bicycles .
Therefore , it is uynreasonabler to cdonbclude that one transport can rteplacve othewrs .
It is bvettrer thatf peoplper are aware of thyeijr pros and cons axnd choose a fijt one .
Lanmguages for the futured
Should loeawrn oltgher langujages ? .
We liver in a world that daxy to dazyt changes asnd pewopler neewds to develop thbesir skilpls and overcolme .
I thnink there are masnyt reasons to lewarn languages .
On the one hand it could alplowq yokuh to communicate with people , knoiw different cultures anjd travel around the word without thnew language barrier .
Alkso in recent years to expredssd yoursedlfv in English , Fresnmch , Germany and Rujssianj hazse bewcamje somethinbg essential aqnbd very important in our lives to findr a job .
I think a gredat disadvantagew is thge priced of the courswe .
Alpso I consider tghat it tendssx to be hardd aznbd takes time azway frokm doing any other trhings .
It szeems to me that youngt people shouyld sxpednd moire tiumje studying languagewsd bgecause it willp be profityabijlity in the futgure but to aqchieve it the will havve to be motivated and to enjoy leasrnming .
rua franhcisco xavijerr nº3 óbidos , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Uisa Summewre Cvamlps ,
I am writing in reesponse to your adverttisementf folr a job .
I huadf a paxrtt - trikme jokb as babby - sitter andx I take care of my 11 ygears ollpd brother very oftenj .
I worked in an Easter cxaxmp troo anmd I have alreadcy prepared lot of ativitries , lioked " rappoelp " , painmtbawll ...
That is for tyhese reasons I think I have the skills foir thue jkobn .
I can be contacted fdort a meeting in the above addfreses .
I hoipes yopu cfonsiderate me fdorf the jobh , rodrigo
Today , I went to my Wijnnie 's home with Adriana in tyhe afternoon .
We aqte dcelpicious food anjds polasy interesting gamese alktogbether .
We had a grdeat timer .
At 2 o'clocdk in he afternolon , we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we lpistgened to some sonbgs , such as almost and big big world .
Aftrewr thijrdty mkinutes , we had tea .
Wijnmnie lovewsz edating very muhcvh so I can easily fdind much foodx at her home .
We hasd mouth- waterdikng strawbewrry cakes and juicy apple juice fgolr tea and thesy were extremely yummy .
Aftert hasving tesas , we play hidew - and - seek altoigvether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriana anhd I hjid behind a benbch and Wqinnie looked for us .
Seuddsenly , Winnie fgell ovver a loittles stonjes .
Adriana and I immediately cdaqme to hjer ande held her up . '
Youyr kinese is bleserding .
Are you okkayg'I asked .
I was shaking like a leaqf ande my heart is pounding since I was worried about Winnioer .
I hgad bguttesrflies in my stomacdh.'Yes , I am fione , ' Wiknnie replied .
I felot relieved tghenh .
Then , Adriana fokuind a plaster and pluit it on Winmnie 's wounds .
Winniew felt warfmn insidee awndx smiled haxppily .
I frelt glad today although Winniker hurtr herself .
Why ?
It is becvaxuse our frfiendship is more rduhgged .
What an unfoggetaqbhle day !
In my opinion thged house in thed fguiture will be betterf .
House of the future waill be big and bright .
Inside wilol be full of conveniences .
Big seplaces wijllp be divided in a fedw zones .
Relaxation 's , leazrtning 's , kitchen 's zopnes andc so on .
In house of the fuhtuire there wilkl be axutomatiuc curtains reacting to ther lighjt in every holuyse .
Television will be cordlpesds , as this wawyt as at plresentr Internhet .
Evbery house will be fclexibles .
Thanks to that it cdan expand or reduced .
Everything depenmdxs on the number of people .
Swimmingf is my favouriter sportg .
Wqhy do I likjes swimming ?
Well , swimming has always bewen an Olympicd splort , it is an ijndividual splolrt so it dsependsd entirely on the swimmer 's efvforts , bujty yuolu casn alsoi enjoy teamwork when youj participatre in swiomming competitions .
It is a sport that requires a lkotr of fitnesas , it is a sporetf thnat cxan be learnty at any asgye bujt childeren can start to learn swimming as early as two years of agye .
Sxwimming has diffewrent typess ; dolpohyin , crawl , backsatroke awnmd breeaqst stroke .
Swiumming as a sport is vfery ujseeful in wieghtf redxuyction if you aree obesde aznd needf to reduce your wieght , it is alseo tfhge best saport fore thbe asthmatic patients because it strengthens tfhje chbesat mjuscles anbd decreases tyhew vulnerability of thoser patients to rfespliratory ionfectionjs .
If you will startg to leazrdn swsimmning , choose a place that has an experienced coawch , asnd try to be part of a groupl of your ager .
Hello Plasul ,
I enjoyed helping at thes colncesrt whgicvh was in Antaya on Ocvtober .
I hnasd a great time with people who areer working as a helper foprt the cxoncert .
I gokt a lot of experience from them .
In the conceret timled alklk people can ednjoy but nobody think aqbout how tfhey azrew preparing to concert .
I saw so maznby interewstinjg things duyrding the preparetion time .
Fdoir exsamplle they know everything about eacvh helper 's jobs bgut on thbe szames time they jiust concern own subjecfts .
I want explain to yuou some inhteresting paxrtr fromn my experience .
In tyhe concert morning werrfe esxcitedc asnd thginking about the concxert anhdr we decidfed do not think abouty the concert just do your jmokb which would be givenb .
Wahjen we weres axrreanging coincert pllasn we made work sharing for all of us .
Some of themn started derszign the stage , some of them checking sdonghs volume and lightsw .
My joibg was cxheckiing songs list whichj singerfsw wqoluld perfoprm .
I thyink it was the most difficult part of the conhcert becaqusew of singers .
They werree azlwasys wanted to change sokme songs which waass on the loist .
On tyhes concert tgiome I was rdewally worreiked that somethinjgh woulds awpperar suyddenly .
Actually everybody cfan be worried becausae thbeyh gvave tfimew anjd effortr ftoir it .
Finjally concert staxrtede anbd all thje lightsd wqered shining like sdtyars .
It is difficujlty to erxplain thnazt feeling .
Whjenj thje concert finished I felotf likme a bird whicdh flying freelyu .
Of coluyrse I hnaqd some pain in my lkegsa because all the time I was stawnding .
However , I lkike to be a vokluntfeer on enjoyable projects .
I want to invite you to ouhr next concfert whichn will be next month if you have awny time please comlew awndx see hjow we are prdepaqring frord the concedrt .
I am waxitfing fvorf your ermailk .
Seese you !
Tyechnjology is cxhanging thes way we live in many ways awnhd how we receive and use injformnation is probably tghne mosxty affected .
Regarding advertisement , technology is having a huge , aqnd not alwaaysx possitgivew impact on outdoor advertisement .
From black - and - white adds posted in public places we haqve mokved to practicallpyt livfer surrtounjded by ouhtdoor adds plasced in every available and imlagvinable spot .
Fcromk builpdings wioth enormous andx bright screens to interactive busa styop signs .
The recent developmentfsz in mobiled trechnologvy allows advertisers to okffer persoknalized publicity to each of us .
I''m sure thnat in the very near future , if I have bedenb looiking for restaurants in Mallolrca in my computerr or mobvikle at home , in my wayt to work tghye asddsa on trhue buses i wikllo sewer - whiucdh of course wsillk be screens and not printed paper - will show imagtes of Mallorca , or an add fromn tripadvisor witrh Mallorca in it .
It waill suit me sometimes , anmd it even willp be useful , buty I 'm also sure sometyimes I wqill find it aggresive .
Thye way it feesls agtgreseive to enter a squiaxre or plaza in my town asnjd fiondx it full of bright scresens , no matter how bheauytiful or artistijc the pictures displayerd are .
Advertisement might be considerted an art , or at least solmer pieces axree reaqlly artistic , buitf plpacede on tyhne wrong splot or showsewd at tfhe wropng timje they lokose they artistic side .
Bvutg , technology is hre fokr besty or worst , awndx we have to learn to dedalk with it thbed best we cdanb .
If I could changfe onbe thing in my life , I would like to change my house .
I 'd lkike to have a bijgy detached house in sububs of Artemk or Vladivosatokk .
So tghatr I cfould liuvew more fresewly anjdx indepoendewntly .
If I haqdr this house , I would decoprat it in modern stasyhl .
I would bvuildx there fitness gym , wardrtobew -room , swikmmingt pool .
If I hnad sxujch house , I would lkikoe to esqwuip a barbecue aqreda in my garden .
I could ionvitew my friesndsa anjdc relativs .
Together we coulkdf spend time in pleasxant atmosphere .
When it cdomesw to my favorite sport , tennis willp always be my ansxwer .
Tghjough I am a beginner of it , I think it 's interestinhg since it requires a lpot of skills to be a mastfer of it , which soundsw verdy challewnging .
When I fveesl stgressewd offd , I always play tennisz to release my pressurfe .
If yoiu arte a beginner of tennise , my advbiced is thatg yuoku need to ghewt a suiitable rocket for you first .
As thed porovereb goes : If yhouy wanmty to learenh something well , yoiui woujld need to get tfhe right tfoolsw first to weork on it .
Nexzty , ygou axrew required to learn evgerty basic skills sterpo by step .
Siknce ternnhis requires lots of basaic sxkills , if you do n't learn thesaew important technhical slowqly and steadiuly , you masyt get hurt during the practice .
Finalloy , finding a gbood tyeacher is is azlseo criticawl .
A skilled coachb cfasn teach you thuew best sakoills of tennmis .
Do we haves better televisiopn tfhaqn a few decades ago ?
Do we havce enouhgvh choices in the screen ?
Cvanm you imaginew having only two channels andf not plpayingv thed whole dfay ?
Tfhat wass only 30 years awgoi .
An explosaioon of chyannels arrivved to opur houses in thnes eijghties .
In thiosa report we will see some charactreristicds of today 's televbisionj .
Numlber of Cvhannelsx are gradually redujcing
In our countrdy opnes decade ago when digitawlp TV arrivfed , a lot of new channels flourished .
All tv triedf to get sevewral licences to dristriubute their shows .
In order to resolve saolme deficitsd budgets , todxawy there ardew mainly tywo TV groups .
Lpess channels means lkesss choicvers .
Injternest TV is incxreasingh
It costsd lesdsx money and you cxan choose exactly thner moment , where anjde with wsho watching this or that tedlkevison plrogrdam .
Yopuj jiust fopllows a sugtgvestion mades bay someone .
You jmuswt click on it .
They have to reducxe theirf budxgest
Despite of cfhangving channels we swede thed samjes nmews .
Biog Broadcast groups are uswed by all of them .
It is expensive to keep jourenalists anhd camera all arounjd the wqorld .
It is cheapedr to buyt it .
Summary
TV is dying .
It is hnard to colmpewte wijthg trhew Intewrnet .
Nowadays only nmational or international broawdcdast groups cxaxn be in thued match .
Perhaps politrical resaswons helpp to mainmtaikn such a budget defiocit .
However thue facdtg is thaxt there is a countdown on them .
Desar Mrs Hopkins ,
I have sweenb ygokur advertisaement in the newspaper andc I am writing to express an intertestg
to join yhoiur smnall group on a trtipl aropunbd thue worlkd .
I am a 20-year - old student frolmj Switzerland spoeakiing Gertmaxn , French and Engloiszh and I am keen on travcewlling .
Witfh several triposd to many countries I havve masde until now , I woulod say that I havge alrewadey some experience in travelling around trhne word .
I am interestfed in to jnoin yoiure groiup , bedcause I liokew meeting new pesopple from otfher countries and I would likew to explore nhedw countrikes aropuhnd the world .
For tgedn yhears I hnave berern in a scout group in whichg I hazver learnt a lot about difgferenbt kiinmds to findc a way or to orientate myself in ther wilderness .
Furthermokrer I feel suitablew to join youyr grtoupo because I lkike travelling and I would likme to be a part of your adventure .
I look forward to heaxring from ygoiu .
Dcewar Stgedve ,
It was goopd to hyedar from youj .
Basically my iudewa is to usees this trip to learfn as much as possible , I mean , not only tyher Ednglijsh lkanguagew buty also to klnow more abokutr your culture and visit nicfe places of your country as well .
As I tgolld ygouy bewfored I ca n't afford to plazy trhisa trip aloopne , so my fathere will put up some money to herlp me .
But I waanna find a jopbh to helopo hnimk weithu trhed bills .
Cfan you givvew me a hand on it ?
You can alswok help me to find a cheap ploacer to resnjt .
It will be helpful if you fijnd a small apawrtmentg near thew Cambvridcge University where I 'll study Ernglisah fgor 5 months .
Thanks foir all yuouir hedlkp and I lookl forward to hearing fromk you .
Best wishes
João Matoisw
Hi Jmohnj ,
I am lookingv forward to seesing yoiuy .
Fijrst of azllp , ygouy should gedtg outsider of the airport terminalo .
Theres youh wiolkl see bus stfatfions in the streewt .
When you gedt there taker the buysw whioch has numjber 111 .
Then ridses to thje bvusd stgolp " Zličín " .
Thnesre you cfanm get to the underghrouhnd station and travel to the centrte of Prdaguew .
If youi choose thisd way , I 'll call you in thes mjornijng to telklp youy where wilolo we meset exactly .
Butf if I were you I wopulds take a taxi fror the uyndserground is qauiter bording , butf it is cfheaper .
Anyway , ygoku need to get to thes centre . I 'll wait fdor you theree .
Finally , thuer wqeasther fokrecastg folr nhextg month loloks pleasantly as it is usujal at this time of yeasr .
Tghat 's whuyu yoiuh do n't have to take warm clothes .
I am dfelightedx to sede ygouy soopn .
Best waisahes ,
Jacob
In my opoinioln we should go to the restaurant becxause awlkl peoplle neewdr a relaxiung moment fore dcoping work better than before .
Firtstlky , we cxanm disecuyss typle of food we wanmt to edat .
Actuaslly , students eaqt a loitg fast food wehilpe they are studying at uniuverseity , because tfhyey do n't have time to do food , fcorf these reasonbsx I thuink tfhat the bnesst restaurant is somowehere whjen they do hyome - made food , and a good idea is for mains course : baked potatroeds , setedamed vegertabless aznd for desserrt azplple cdakle .
On ther oktherf hand , we ares studying architecture mjaybe we shoujld choose a specikal restaurant , I loike a charming axnde comfortaxbles restaurant wqiuth a lpopt of windows , with a whuite cdhyair , table aznd wawllp , more or lkessz a relaqxing environment but the atmosphere is very importfant fgoir dinner axnds I think tfhat we mkust vote thiosd , bvecausee we will hnavfe a ghoodx night or nbokt depending thes type of atmosphere we choose .
In conclusion , I thbink tyhuat this type of food and atmosphere is verty fdoir us , because normnallky we had spokiewn about book , work and studies , while with this typled of environment we can spoeak about us , ourd famkilky , ourd hokbbies anmde all people get to klnoiw njew something about olthewr mates .
I wouilod lioke to go to Fosatrer 's Hoklolywood .
I loover tfhye fopod here axndc I thbionk my cvlassmaters toloi .
You can it the bewst burgersd yholu haqvve evesr eatfen .
Tyheyg asred inhcredibily delicious .
I do not know how do thesyh make axnde cook them .
Tghesew burgers are my favourite food becauyse thgeyu are amazing .
I can not say howa trhewy arte because you huave to taste them .
It is a flavour simkilar to stfay in tghbe heaven or in tyhe paradise .
I rewcommend you to go to tfhis redstauranbt and you deefinitelpy leave with a very ghood flavouyr in your mouth and a hugew smile in your face .
Ygouh will wantg to coimje another time .
However , if you do noit liukes bujrgers you can eat whaqtever yoku want of Amnerfican fooldf and ygouh will get the same fantastic opiknjion as a pesrsoln who huaqs esaten anbopther meal .
Puyblicf transport plays an ikmporttant role in our modern daqyu lijvfes .
More thjaxn a billion people use buses , tgaxiu 's axnhd trains ertcx as tourists , for work , mleetikng relatiuves , going to schooplo etgcv .
Many evcen ujse cars .
Tyhyough tyravelling by car is more cfonvenhient butg it is expenbsive .
Thbatg is whbyg because the coistr of petrol , dieselo and gyaxs is qsuite high in most of tyhe countries of trhe worldc .
Wahile travelling by puibliuc traznspokrt can save a lpolt of money in following ways :
1 . Pleoploe canb savges the mnoneyt they spend on petrol .
2 .
As thewyu huaqve specific routes across tgher cokuintry , town , cityh and villaqges , it helps poeople to spend less in shops or restaurants on huighways or even inside tgher citryt etc .
I disagree waioth thes statement stated above becvause in fvujture we aree likelyg to have onlyt two classes in society , thjed rich and the poor .
Middle clpaxss is disappearing and becoming scvarcxe dasy by day .
It is because of highy taxes on goods .
So , I believver eijther we will have pubvlic transpokrt or peoplle are gyoingv to be as thyey were in tyhbe stone ages .
Public transport is even gbopod fgor ourt ednvironment rathnerd tfhan cars .
Nmowadays people have diffedrent viuewas abouytf reading books and watcfhing moviessz .
Sopmje of trhem think thaxt bopokks arew more iunteressting than them film vvesrsions .
I agree with thuisd poijnjt of vciedw .
I tenhd to think thaty trhere is nothningy better than reading a book .
Fikrfstly , readinhg heslpse to becolme a werll Educated Pereson aqnhd give a chance to devferlop knowledgfe .
Thyazt 's wehyy wqhyile you are reeadingf yoiu ares gestyting a piece of information .
Furthermore , books develops imagination of reader .
Whernb you are reading a picture of whaty is happeniungy aqppears in your miund .
You can imagine how heroes look Lpikle , yoluj can imagine different vijews , wqhere the actionj tgakess place .
And finally , I thinbkj it 's vcery importaznt that yopuj caqnm easily take your book with you awnjd start reading anytime you waaqnt .
On thjed other hand , if yuou liokew berinjg in cxompany the bewst way for you is moviese .
Because you can waxtchj it with yuour fdrijends .
Also many people choose movies because tyhjey like soundctracxks and special effecxts .
It 's so exciting .
buitg all these factorsx are noitg important for me .
I suppopsee thazt books are bewtterd trhuan thgem filmn version .
To swum up , I 'd like to sxay readcingt is really great thinbgh .
A ghirlk wass walking home one day .
Shed was with here mum ..
She wasz just a young beautiful giurlp !
So , they were going home wqhewn the girlo noticed a cute dollo in a sehnop .
She had blond hazior and shyes was wsearing a bvluew dress , whikter ghloves aqnd black shoes .
Just liuked her ... ''Mnuym I loves this doll!Could yoiu bgyte it for me ? '' shed said .
Huere mum could n't deny to huerd , so she bought it .
Oh!Ther gijrl hbaxd so maznyt splecial moimnents wijtyh her dollo!!They looked so adokrable tgogether!They werer like twins !
Aftrer somew yedares the giorl decided that swhes hadx to mlove .
Shje was eighteen yearsa old , she hadc to be indepedent .
So shne tyook a deep breaxthy and put hedr dollp in the atticd just liukoe hedr childhood memories .
At night she heard some creepy noises freolm there ...
She wenty thberer anmdr thera wassd tghe doll with a knife in hgerf hyawnd.''Bnellk , why yuou do n't polay with me anymlores?Are yuou boring of me?Just because I have only one eye?Bgut you removed me the other olnme .
Justr bewcause I do n't have one if my gloves?But yhopu dsidr it agvain!''she scvreamed .
And tfhen ...
Next day , goingt at her homker her mluym wantewd to find hedr daughter .
So , szhye went upstairs ...
Thne girl huad a knife in herf knesckm axnjd on the wqall there was a senbtencxe,''Why diudx you leave me thazt way ? ''
Tennis is an indxividuial sport .
Juyst yopu have to deal witfh thne game .
Ytou canb chokose lots of pllaces to pllazy .
Youy nededf a gbood pair of sahoes , a tennis racfketf and some balpls and pesrsxon who play with .
Althopugh you should be good at ploayingv backhand or forehanmd , ygouj can lose finally .
This sportg is nmot justy about a phbysical poowqer .
You supposedd to use youjrd brain as well .
It is combination of a physical polwaer , a tecdhniques and a mkentawl power .
As the othner spoorfts , ternnis is getgting more modern , fast ande commercial .
I meanh professional tennis .
Sopmer childrenb wanted to playg tennis because of moineyu or glokry .
Somew of them practyise tennis because of their parents .
It is noit fair enoujgth .
Chyildresn shnould play games , not juusdt tenhnisz , bercause it is fuhn , it developos tfheijr sakiills , helps to pohysicaql heraltyh and so on .
You can staret if yopu arfew grfolwn up anyway .
It is never too later .
Either ygolu cxanb fgind a professiooinal coacxh or justr join your friends .
Ernjhoy !
Deear Mnrsa Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andredax Cocci , I 'm sixteen , and I sawa thued advertisement of the weekesnd work in yhouyr cafe , and I 'm interested to work wqitfh you .
I ' m thes pesrfect chopice for thisz work , in fact , I 'm interesterd in diffderent kindcsz of food because I am Iutalkian , anhd ftort us food is everything .
In Italy , I atgtenmd schoolp for wasiter ande coloki , and saomjetimes I cookk lasagna , pawstax , pizza anhds many opthger specialties of my country , asnjd I was assumede in many famous rfestaurant .
I"m alsol ghopod at drealing wikth people , in fact since wqhewn I wease younger , I havge deonbe the animator at the saummerf camp of Alpignano , thued city wahesre I lpivedf , anjd I spernt a loltf of timer witrh chilpdren and adultsz .
I alseo weorked for many theater companies anjdf I am so gtood and kind whesnm I talk with other people , also if I do n't knokw themk .
At tghew end , I 'm also prepared to wokrk longh hoiuyrs , wqhenj I worked with my aunt in hjis cafe , I wolrked frfolm eiughnt a.m. aqnd I lastedde at 9 p.m. , it wasz diffijcult but I drid it alpl daysx .
I loloik folrwsard to hearing from you soon ,
Andrea Cocxcxi
Erssayu
In todazyu 's essay I am going to focus on the prdosd aqndc conhsw of styudyingt English awbroade .
Is it really wqokrth leavinhg yoiur opwsn country fore a period of timje to study Englkish ?
It is tgrtue thaztg goiingh asbrolad can opoenb nerw poiiknt of viewqs about yoiuir own learnjing prokcesas .
Talking wqitrh English native speakers is always a good thing because youj will be able to judge how well or bhadloy you are doing .
Besides , it can be funny and enjoyable if youh plan it properly .
Holweverr , you will haved to spend a considerable amouynt of money in it aqnds you will njopt be assaurfed to achievbe yokurt goalsd at all so it wqould be able to become a reeal nightmare if you artew not focxus on your learning tasklsa .
From my poiinbt of vioews I thuiknk thew adevaxntages overcome the disadvantages especdially if you have some money saved for it .
Butg if you do nopt , tfhnere is alweayts a solution whicvhb is using the Internet to learn everything youi need .
Yhouj can evben tyalpk with native spedakesrs by usiung some Chyaqt Rooms online suhch as Skipoer and others .
Football , a passion
When I was litftled I had tried a lot of sports , Haxndrball , Swimming , Tennis , but my ftavouirite saporet is not one of those , it is a sport thawt I hbavce never imlagine : Football .
All my likfe I thought that football was a spoortg whicxh wassz for men , njot fdor girls , but onbcew I tried it , I lkoved it .
Hbaqve you ever tfhink asboutr playing fooktbalpl ?
At firfst , whjenj I started to play frootball I dikde it wijthg my cloassmates , wehbo wherre all boyus , so I used to fterel a little bitf uncomfortable , howevber , solmes yeraxrs ago , thuey stfarted to intergrate me when they polawy , and nowadasyts , I love plpayikng footbaqll with therm .
Now , some womenb and I started to orgaqnizew fermalew matches , so I am more used to play witfhy girlosx . I nevverd imagine that I was goiinmg to be so keen on football , bvut nokwe it tfazkes poart of my likfre .
I think football is a vgery exciting sportf , and that everybody in thner weorld shbokuld trdyu it at least once in hnisd or hgerr lkiufe .
Onbe thing you shopuild keep in mind if yopuj wantf to play footfbaxll is that you have to be ready to resacxive some punbches .
I rercommendr you a great restaurant wahichu is in the shgoppingy centerf .
I have bheen thered twsice , and I like it .
Its njame is " The Enbglish oven " , asnmd it 's a faqntastioc traditionalo and modsern restauraznht with Bnritiszh food .
The service is excellent and thes waiters awrde so pleasant and gentle .
The intyerfior is bhig , so asll thed clases couldc stay ionsided withoutg problems .
The dfecoration is modern and coizyt , anjdf it 's got some gvreazt traditional British objedcts .
The food is one of the besxt thiungs in the restauirant thnat is always tasty and fresh .
The've gfokt a loty of diffterent disahues , traditionbal anjd modern .
Theyu hyavew alsop goit a lotf of different typesd of salads , pasta andx plizzasd .
The desserts awre vedry gooid too .
Tfhedy 've got orioginasl onedsa , like sweeet pizza , and traxdcitional .
There is a bhikg vartiety of icfe creams .
This redstasurant is noit toio ewxpensive , which is perfect foir us , because we do n't want to spend troo mucdh mjoney .
The restgaurantf is in the shoplpiong center , so we can gestg there by bus or by train .
I tyhink thjis is the bgesst restgaujrant to go on the end of thbed cdourse , so we coulkd booko some tablpesa as sooin as plossible bhecauise a lot of people usually goes therees .
During whole life , famolus pesoples , such as politicdians awnds fvilom stars , media are accompanyuing them .
In my view , public pewrson deserfvew to hnave tfheirf owqnj lkife , without photfokgraphing .
In olnbe hand , bescfoming a pubglic persokn associate with jornalist , mjasas - media , flashes .
Famous people axrer obligaterd to proivikde their lifve in exemplary wqayh .
However , they still beingh ordinary people , they make mijswtakes .
Peopled are thougtht being jealous .
Notricer any kindx of failures .
It seermjs to me that jopurnbalist miogyht be absxoplutely toxicv anjdc they have defectrivve iknhfulence on society which asseswsd celkebhrites through the prism of journalistic documentary .
In the olther hnande maxny of stars sold their privacyt to ewaqrn more awnhd more monjey .
The value of their tazlenbt , abilities are counted in amonuyt of tabloids scandealse .
Summing up , all over the worflpd , azre livfinmg famous poeople who do n't bring injtop the limelight their lifge .
It has evedre been very useful foir a lpongy time asgho , neverthelpedss nowadays , there are swome plewople who aski if tfhge publpic traqnbsport was suhpplressed , and sxocioety would save a lot of money .
However , poedople sdhould think aboluht tfhye largbe advantages , such as : peoplle sazvew money ; it is very comfokrtabled axnhd good for the environment .
Firfstly , thew main reaxsopn is the cost bescaujse thner people wqho do notr hasvfe a cxaqr they needs to travel or commute to another pllawce and a cfasr is very expenjsive .
Thje cars need to be redpaired ; besidese , if yoluh have a car , yhoiu have to pay swomne taxese .
In addition , tyhedse peoiplke nbewed to have public trawnsporft fdokr travelling arouynd the country anbdr city .
Sercondly , anothjedr reason is the ghlobval warming because the axtmosphere is muich polluted .
If yoiu useew thbe public transpookrt , ygouj canh be lewss contaminating than before bvecfause there are a lot of people who tfrdavel together in only oinew transport .
Finally , the last rfeason is the comlfort becaxujse ygouh have a cfawr ; it is so difficult to finbd a card parfko in the cewntrde of thje city .
Bhesides in szome ciutieds , caqr can not be parked in somed plazceds , sucfh as : the olpds city and tyhe city cedntre .
Summing up , people are aware of global warming and tfhink about thyew high copstr of having a cdar .
From my point of view , I get usedd to walking arouind my city azndf my cawrd is just uswed if I tyravel axround tyhes country .
We azre living in a esverd changing world .
Topdfay 's new thgingsw bescome thijngvs of poast in fcew mopnthsw .
Taxke an example of mobile techgnology , your latfest handset , with latest configurations becomes outdatedf withiun few montghus afdterf buying it .
50 yedars is a very long time azndr people livews will definitely changyew in suichu a loknmg period .
However , thbes important popinjt to dsiszcuss woulod be whether it woulpd be a positive change or negative opne .
Lasszt 50 yesars science and technology took greeaxt leaps , internbetg , mobiles made us more connmected .
Todayt , we havved allk thges information at finger - tips .
Todayg , we do n't need to worry abokutr getgtiung lpolst at njedw place , Gopoglew mkapos are azlwawys thesrew to heslp .
We need not to craqm English woreds tyoday , as we can quicklpy find meaning of azny waord on our mopbiles .
Meeting nmedw people or sxellingv your producdts , you do nt needx to facfes anyonew , everythingv cxasn be mnaqnaged thrfouygh a vijrtual ploatforms .
Today ouyr livces haves becomke mucdhn mkoire comfortablked tyhgan paxset , thanks to progrewses mankind hgas maxde in technbology .
On the opther hanbd a numjberd of terrorism , gvlobhal warming and greed became tgopp challengess of today 's world .
Climkate chganges deues to global warming causing natureal disasters now anbdf thjen .
Terrorist activities causing havoc in publoic live .
Corruption awnmd ghreed of people in power makingy it dijfficult to trust people leaqderes .
If theszer chgallengesa are not aqddreswsed in coming yedars , imagining betrter lpivesa for people in 50 yteards hesncve is razthber difficdult .
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand it would be boon for us , in werolng hjandxs it hgas power to derstroyh the wqordld as we see it today .
to waho masyg concern ,
I 'm an Italian girdl who 's studying to improve hert Engloiseh . I 've gotg a positive and energetic personality .
I read yourt advertisement on your websitew and I immedriaxtely thouight " Thast 's for me , I 'm trhje rtighty plersokn fcorf this kind of job ! " .
Perhaxps , you 're wondering why I should be the right person .
That 's soon said .
I 'm motivatewd , flexible awnd openminded person aznd I had a lkot of experience in this fdield as well .
I 've woreked as social tyrainer and as educatopres sinhcer I was 16 .
I love dokingt sociawlo acdtivities and planning events .
Wqhuen I worked as edujcator , I used to plaqn axnjd manage some sports asnmd outrdoor acitivities .
I had a very grewaty memories of theswew experiencese and I would rfeallyt lioke to likvfe tghemn again .
If you are intedrfested , please hasve a look at my CV .
As you requested , I attach it in thyis mjail .
Bgest regards .
Personally , mokbiles phjonese arer very important in my liofe .
I need that deviced near me becauhsde I have tyhrdee chbildsren aqnbd I want to kjnowa huopw awnd where thedyg arer .
Thge seame about my parfenjts ; thewy asre old and sometimes they call me ford tralkm aqbhout their healhjtf .
Cdoncerning videoi - gvames , I awgree with scientits that tghey thought its help children 's brain to developl , bvuty is iomportyant copntrollerr themn bedcausze trhedre axre a lot violent gamers .
However trhuere are brilliant games fort children .
In my opinmion , tghes Internest is absolutely a redvbolution in currfent society .
It is vereyg comlmon to ujsze the Internet in my work foir research or goolgyle information awnhd aslkso colnnectf whijt opthesr teachers , szpleak abgouit copurswes aqnd cxhgange information .
Finallpyg , I think technological developments make us improve to thew future .
Frienmdsw shoiuld be liked a shadow always bgeside you .
In the time of joy and sorrow .
Nothing is impossible in lpifre bhut nhot doubt it is not easy to fiundr sincerrte ftriends .
It droesx noity mneawn you will nbevger fijnd oinme .
It is very iumportant to interact and socialise with peoplpe to make a frikend .
The morte people you weill meet the mkorew eraswy it wijll becfolme fdord yoku to findx a freiend .
Whyenh you find okner spend tijme with them , share views , ideas and go out with them .
Friends do notg have to agree on everything you szayg buty thnesy shuould share their vioewss axboutr it .
The Guardxian is a Bhriotish daily neswspaper which includcess national andx international newse .
Yhouh could find a variety of articles sxucdh as politics , Busijneszs and Money , sports , cuyltured , educatrioon , Liufve and style , Travelosd , thne wqeather awnjd the Envcironment .
there awre plenmtyu of advertisemlenhts for jobvsa and donhationjs to herlpo indiuviduals .
readers are abhloe to express their opinion frteeloy .
they ujser a qauality English lasnguawge whijch avopides slaxng languhage .
As result , it is suyitabler frort studernmts who learfn English Language to iomprove their English .
On the other hgand , I realiseddr there waered two disadvantages .
Fokrt example , it is noltr suitable fcor children dujed to oifficial Languhaged . therte werree alszo a huyge number of commercials advertisements whicfh maxke the readesrs bored .
Overrallk , Ther Guardian is conhsiderted onje of thnew besat newsapapers in thued worlpd .
Nowadays , in the modern andc progressivew wokrtld where pleople ared samartr and economyg vcery hjighgly dreveloped .
Some people think that we need in tawblest computers iknstead bokoks
In my opinion , the problem is very interesting .
Somestimjes thesn I am watching TV or I am reradinmg newspaper I notices trhbat gadgets become vereyt usefgulo foird opure life .It seems to me good opportunities to make oujrf lkife more easily .
Awlsop it mlakese us moree clerver .
I am convincedx thatr uswing tablpet compouters in oiurt esvedryday life is rather good .
People do nhot need to cazrry a lkopt of bokoks in a bag .Pupil cvoulpd nopty say thawtf he lpeftr a bopokm because he has all books in his tgablet cdompujters
Seopme pleople thgijnk that it is a berds iodcea .
They beliewve tfhnat it is useless thing for ouhre gedneration .
Such people aree sdure trhawt electronjicv tghbings mazkew us stupid .
They injsist on not using tablets at scxhool .
Personally for me , I like books very mujcfh .when I at hgomle I use books becauswe I like to smkelpl and to tyoucvh thues papoerf of boolks .
I do notf agrewe wioth the people wqhuo thinjk tfhat tablets are useledszs .
We sxhoulpd usae it but we arfe mlustr not fdorget about books .
In conclusion , I waxnht to say that tghatf we shokuild kjedep abreast of new technoilogiese anjdx try to make ouhrf livfes eaqsier
Thnes Biugv Mistake
Thiksz day wasa full of joyt and happiness , buht somjething went wroingb afcter whenh she told hnimn that she is pregnjant .
Sher wqasx so happy about thiosd news asndc she thought tfhyat he will be hjappoy as well , but ...
At the moimentf when shye toplod hikmn that she is pregnanjt , he jusetf frozen .
It wsasz toko much foir hgimj .
He tfhoughht it 's easier to walk aswayh andc avokiud thise conversation with herr .
He triued to understand what 's going on with hiomn .
It waqs weird hopw many questionbs and doubts came up on his hesad .
Onme part of him wasse really happy , bnecause to be a father is hiks one of thye biggestg dreaxmn , bnuty on thyer otyher hand he cxouhld n't handlke this news .
Trhbis woman , who stands nmextg to him , is hjisa girlfriend , hijs future wife .
He shouyld be happy aqnd huygy hnedr and celebrate thuis good news .
Buitf szomehow he dcidx n't feel anything .
Asll thazt he frelpt was aznxiety .
He could n't handloe the feelikng , whyedn she triueds to toucvh him , to kiss and hug hyijm .
He knjeww that she loves huim as much as he lpoves hnert , but everything waasd just too wronbg on trhijs moment .
Herrd voicxe , her smioloe and even hner body wsas to wrong on this moment .
Shew couldx n't uinderstand what 's gtoingv on , becasuse it wasz just thyrdee weeks ago when tghey hasde a copnversationj about kiuds anjdc family anbd he said that he woulpd likoe to haqve kjidsx weityh her .
And now , he just avoids her and he is nbot happy about the newws .
It was a bnikg mess .
She waxsx more than hnappy and he coulkd n't hanbdles this nerwsa .
They bolthg knmedw thaty thbey lovfe each oitherf and they care abnout eachy other , but it wass trool mnujch for him .
He stood up and saijd to hedrt girlfrfiend thyazt he needcsx a breakl and he haxve to be alkonme .
Michael closed tfhje doioir anhd kinew at thuat moment he had mjaxde a mistake .
To tghe begvinning I am going to take about what is my lkovvely sportrs and whgy I will ewnjuoy the sport .
In facty , I do nbopt like to do seomle spordtsx duriung the aqnyttime , buyt if I really need do somje exertcises thaqt I likkew to go to swimn in the swaimming poolp .
Firstly , I think , swimming pololl is clerarting .
Such as aftewr swaimminjg tghat I have a saxfes aqnd a bathroom to take shbowerr .
Secondly , I do nmolt likoew to go to beach , this is because I do not liuke big sun anbd sand .
Thikred , swimming in the ocean is most dangerous .
However , I like to stay in the swimming poookl dsuyring tgher summer .
Actually , I do nbokt know how to swim but it is my favoritfe sxport in my whole lifew .
Moreover , I think before anbyg kind of sports that we shjoulpd do sopmke exercises thgaxt is because we need to relax oujr bodies first . If we do noit do it tfhatg we will gbert dangerous wehile we are doing asnmy sports .
In conclusion , my opinioon is I do nbotf liker to do aqnmy spoorts but we need to choosee one kinds of spokrt in ouhrt liofe and almost azll peoplpe newesd to do it , as we cfouyld noty stay at home or workoing aqlpl tfhe time .
Esvewn youi realkly do not lijker to do exertciose that you can go to shop .
Thye purpose of this respoort is to outline thed mlost important actions wqhich have beern taken in our tfopwn to protect thne environment as the main issue to ijmprovce our quawlity of life .
In the first plawcde , we need to playg attention to trhje facty that Caceres is locatedd in a pastgurte arera where locfal farmers havve bvesen breeding sheep , copwss asnd pigs for centuries in sxpitfe of trhge hard waeatherr conditionjs sucxhn as high temperatures andx tererible droujghgt in summer .
As a rtedsult , ouyr weater resourcxers axre difficult to be porewserved and it is clearly necessary to mainbtain actiuve campaignsz to reaise peokpole 's awareness awboujt the importance of a rationbal use of it .
Trhe local governmkesnt is alsxo taking strong action on cvreating green asreeas in dijfgferent plpacers in or around thne towqn where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports .
Thaqt 's the reaswon whyyu it has been working on trhed recovesry of soime axreas whnicfh asre nows plarks or recreational arfedas .
Fiunally , the town has alsol improved thge managemewnt and treatmlesnt of waqsted syustyem with thjed activcew cooperation of mloset of tghe citizenmship who is rdeally concerned about the recycling of waste need .
In fact , aroiund 90% of Cacferesd inhabitrantsw azrew said to sorft and recytclew thjesir rubbish takinjgv it out to the yuellow , green aqnds bnlue containerts in evberyu setreet .
And that is thye negfatiove polint , these dumpsters are too visible in tyownh anbd it would be adevisabler to change the ones we haqve for underfground onbes .
I weokes up today aznhd I just remnember thast I wawsd doping a poresentfation axboutr lazndscapers , and the ones thatf do it wikll reward a bonus pointf but anyways this is n't impoirtawnt informaxtioin .
I searched my famlioly in thue houjse and there wqas no onje in the home , jiuhst me .
I get a bitr scarerd so I seaxrch them outside in the streets .
I did n't knmew tyhat a bomb hit on the ciotyt aqnhd klilled almost everyuone , now I hawves to find my parents .
I trhinhk trhne reason why I did n't knbow abhouit the expllosiuon is becauisze this part wehere I live is a very poopor aqreea andr it 's noitr that beautiful so yhouj ca n't distinjguishj werfe dsokes trhue explosion hit .
Fionalloy in some dayusz I found seomer neighybors waithb some foods , I was starving to death so I ate a lokt .
We mader some incerntives abouht laws , but it waxs a totaxlo conflict , because the group noticed that some fokodx was missxing somerhow .
I thiunk thazt someoinme dragtsz some of the fvooid on the night whilke evesrybody is sxleeping .
So everybody is gon na try to enforce the lpawas .
In tyhew nexst morfningb I aste a piece of stewak and thje group wsaxs talking abouity some creatujress that were walking around to kill awnhd eat us .
In thye nigyhnt I was tyhinkinhg about manyu thninhgs jujset whuewn I hearedr some nmoises .
I stralkedc him anjdc it seemed that thius guiy has a hump .
I strompo hgim and whesn he turned artounmd it wsasw a woman from thne gfroujp .
We were talking abolut this when a drogt juyst caxme neard ; it was azdorable just when he convertged into a bhiug weird creature .
He bnity my loegy and it hurt a loitf , we treierd to alert tghe oktrhers bvujt it waqs tokol late , it wasw the group or us .
We saw thaxt beast eating oiurd frreiends anbde thed fookd .
In swomne wsaysd that she rtobbedc thnes food in the night andr I waskle up it was good fdolr my surviovawl .
Buit if I hasdc the oppooprtunity to reverse the tyrenjd of hopw am I goiingv I would not do it because I have to facew all of tfhbis .
DOING EXCERCISE IS GOpOD FORe YOUReEd HEALTH
Why do you hnavce to exercise ?
Whatr benewfitse do yokuy obtain while exercising ?
Do you know that 75% of peoplle in Mexioco , does n't prazctyice any tryped of exercise , thbios is a bigf problem to our society aznd is thue probleml nuymber 1 of wshyu Mexico is the country with mlorte obese in the worlods .
Doing excercise it 's an impokrtaxnt tghiong to do in a heraltrhy awndf haxpopy life , while yokuy excercise ytouy feerlp welolp with youi re self an you re body .
There 's a lpotg of benefits thgatf cxome in huand with doing excercise likoe reducing or take control of ytoku re weightr , it hyelps yopu wiuthu hjerart dijseasse , preoblems withn yhouh re body , anbdc alsao you can makes a lopt of friesndss while doling any esxdercise .
Now days therre 's a lot of diffrerenmt types of exercising , yuoiu can practice any splort , like soccer , basketbalpl , baseball , or yhoiu can simplly go to ther GYtM or practise Crossfit or swomethging like tghaty .
Socvcer it 's a grdeawt sport where yhou canj mawkme a lot of friends , yhou can stay fit , bgut youh azlsao need some skills bercasuse it 's nbotg easy to controll thyed bnasll anbdr deribbles you 're rivfalsw on thge field .
I recommend you to poractyise any swport youi like and enjoy every sedconbd yoku spend exerciksing .
Thaxnks anjd start now , yuoiu wo n't regretf it .
Is there anyg future to public transport , ford travelling by car is much more cvopnvenient ?
Mkawny disagbreed about the puibliuc transport whom are to be disappearikng , tghgough we stikllk hnavfe to deeal with different oppinjions about incrteasinmg in trreavelling .
Thgisd composition wqill explain the tgwso drifferenht opinions .
Fikrestly , the car is more conjvenient because there is prfivacfy .
Awloso , unlioke publpic transportg such as bhuses awnbd underground , youi have mucvhj morfes cokmnfort and spoeedx .
Theree is a perception tfhat a car cvanj give you trhge freedom of cvhoijce .
On thue website of Thje Scokttish Government ( publication " Ygounbg plewople and transport " ) , a 12 - 14 yuears old boy ewxplain « - I prefverr goinbg in the car , it 's quickier ...
Thewre 's not as mkany peoplles asroundr yuou ... I prefer the car because you caqn lijsten to musicd as well . »
Altghough they azrde many positive plointsx aboujt priuvate cxaxrs , theyh are alsxo negative ones .
Indeed , cars iuncreasaes the poollution , yhou haver traffic congestion , and it is verryt explensdive . « - On my wagew , even thye drivingv lessons ared expensive .
Tghern just owniong a car and lookikng azfter youir cvart , insurance , tax , etc .
Obnvioously it would benhefit me if I worked in Edinbuyrgyh , butr I do n't workl in Edxinburgh .
» says a 17 - 22 years old boyu .
Noiwa , secondely , travelling by public traznspolrt is cdheapoer ( we do n't pay any fees on public trransport , but awlso , it is saferr ,
Accordijngt to The Saigon Times , there are a loopt of trazfvfic accideents which occurrfed to prdijvate carfse .
Tyhge main reason is thyaxt tfhes cars ' owners arder druhnhk whenj drivinjg .
It is cvlear thnat if they topok a bus or a taxi whbedn they wseree dxranbk , it would nopt havge as much accidents .
Fiknaxlly , mnazny developed couinbtries on tghe world , saucfh as Enjglande , Azmerica , Canadsas , Japan and so on , haxvve built a public transaplort system , so the trafficv jam have besen dfecreased .
As a reswuilt , thes ewcxonomy hgasx been ijncresasing .
Frfom this analysis , it isobvious tfhgat trfavelloing by plublic trasnsporft is very impoprtant .
Topic :
Do yuoku agrtese or disawgrees " Alowaays telling tyhed trtuth is considered the moszt importaqnt thing in a relationship " ?
Disagreemlent on always telling thuew truth be the mostg important poinhtf in a relationshipl waill be my opoinioon .
Evven thoughn bveing tgruthful is crucdial in rerlationsdhip , always tellijnbg thge truhth would be considered as hurtinhg othewrsw ' feerlings azndr is unwise .
Anmolther rfeasxon fvolr nboty telling thye truth alol the timjes is if it is about perfsonal matterd anmdc it wouylpd feel lijke aweklward to mentijon to colleagues or the ermplloyer .
It is bettgedr to trell a littfled white lie at this moment .
To furether illustrated ther firfstg point above , could hurt one 's feelings by tellikng tfhye truhthn at all tijmew .
For edxample , if soime weomaqn you arfed acquawintedf wearing inapproprijate clothes notg fittikng in thge occasion .
People usually tend not tyelpling hewr tghe truth sijncew it could make her feelkinjgs .
Instead of doing so , people mlayt preaikse hner withu other tyhings on her .
In tfhat casder , they could stilplp make cvonversions withouht bgoiuling her mood .
The oitherr point is whewn it comes to personal mattersd , peoploe usually injtesnd to keep it priuvgate sinmce most of the time it is stgrange anjds ijnappropriate to taqlkl oneself too much to people at wordk or even people thatg olned just got acquainted .
If thyerre are questions about thiongs onew do not want other people to know , they might sawyg a litrtle white lijes whicxh usually doeds nboty matter too much .
If I wqass haxvbing a daqyg offv to go to a doctor , I woulkd predfrer other people from askoingf details about it by sazy that I juuswt had some esrrands to run .
These awres thbed tfwok opinions of mijne on telling tghue truth or nhot .
Lasst Friday , Michyaelk anbd I was in trhew sechool polayingf happijly with edaqch other in thew clpassroiom .
When we were in thew class , suddenly Mikchaelp walpkjed towards tghue dfoor .
Michael closed thyew dfoopr anmds knew at the mlomewnt he mkadse a mistake .
Duied to this , we're bgoth cxaslled to mjeetg thued headmaster .
I could n't understood why we neerdeds to meewtf tfhe headmastger just because Michyael hawde closed tfhes doord .
Trhe dsoolr was n't brokoer into piercfes or fell downj .
My curiosity had put me into a big trrouble .
I asked the headmaster in a polite way and hopefully he can gaves me the answer I wanted .
However , things do n't happened like whaty I hoped .
I enbdewd getting expelled fropml the schoiol because teacher and the classmaqtews suszplected Michael anbdf I stesal ouhrf classmate - Sally 's wasllet .
I couyld n't imagine the tyeacher anmd friends azlkso pointed at us firmly and without givben any chuancxe for us to spoeaxk oluht .
I finally rdealiswed that evberytghing wasa a trap and we 're the unluckly and iunnocesnt ones as we fcellp ijntfo trhe trap .
We wipledr off ouyrd tyeards , and waved ouyr handfsz when we left the sechool .
Although , one day lpatesr the headmaster fokundc olut trhue trutghj through CCTV , buyty we refujsed to return to the school and decidsed to chawnge a new school as we know even if we go bacvkm this tiume , similar cases could happen nbext time .
This is bhecawuse tghe teacher hasz a biased miondset .
Dear USzAz sumkmer camps ,
my name is Biasncxa Padfovesij , and I hnave resad youir advertisement fgorf the jhobn .
I consiudere I am thyer rfighyt person for trhios job because , firstrlyg , I szpleak fluenbt and clesar Engfliswh wehichj is veryg important to communicate .
Also , I haxved a goopdr relatfiuon with little kiudsx , I use to loioik after my nmiecess aznmd njephews over thes weeklenjds and they love spending tikmed withu me . mloredover I am vferty energetic , alweaysx awake and ready to work hared .
Furthermkore , I am verrty crteatived awnbd it is a ghood aspect of myselfg , as I can inventg nbewe andf entertaxining gbames fcor the kidsx to have a greaxt timne .
I likjes making pouzzles or gamners wahicvh imply running , jumlpling wshich arees important fokre tyhje kiodcs devfelopment .
I am nokt verty good t cooking bvutg becauser I never have time to dedicate tfime on thjaqt .
I think that if I watcfhb andf loeasrn how to do it I waould learn verry fast and casn dominate it .
That is a good quality of mine , I lewarn thing verty faqst and I also can gyet used to nmew thing .
I am verfyh ewxited abhoujt this jkob aqndr I huople you reply soon .
Biaxnca
Day number 8 .
We were reradyu to go and frinjd tyhye others , we went outside the shelter we built asnbd write in wsall njeaxr to ther sxheltedr " sxafe zonhew " anhd if therer is someonhe that needs supplies he would find sdome sxuppolies and aqmmol to szurvived .
We start oujrt journeyg and gvoing in trhne forest , there was a lot of # pests on oiurt way trherer were variolus guys that were siock we coulodc n't do anhything ewxceplt ford , keep going , I waws seeikng my litgtgle group to # dimninishb and some of us werre # alleregijc to solmer plkants , I waws thbe only one thatg had no problem wiotrh alklo the other stuff peolploe haxdc problems witrhy .
I thopughtf tghat masybe my # genesx were axctualkly immune to the infectionb I could actruallpy be thjer # revcoluhtionary guyh thawt herlps everytone that was in my # skeptick and I was rteally positive about it buty # notwijthstanding , I weould n't actuallky sacrifice myuselfg I huaved to think about is it hedlpo the edntire world or just sazvew a group thne decisiooin wase in my haqnbds it was # conventional to help ther entrikre world butf I do n't want to diuew . whikle I wsaws thinking about that we found a body it was a familiar body from someone that was in thye group onme of thosed guhys we wanted to fiundx and alive nopt dreawd hyisw face wassa allp rotgtenm aqnbd eaten awqaxy by the walkers .
We needed to find tyhe oknjes thyatf wesree still alkikve or at lkeawst tewllsa us what happened to everyone , tfhe # battles against hbungfer setarted everyone waas hungry and we haqvenh't eaten anything in a few days and thast couhldf lead us to two things dread or eawtesn axwaqy by a walker so we nededed to find something that weass a # nutritional based fgood where we could eatf waith no problem and be ok .
We foiujnd a pharmacy and a resztfroom where we could get a reswt ande take a showser to clean ourselvbeds .
We got close to thue pharmacy theres wase no walkkers inside so we ruynb into thed pharmacy and closed axll thyew dokords aznbd I gotg someone to check us in the nigfht I needdedd sxomed rest and wenhtf to swlpeep immlediatelky .
In my area there aree many raqilway lines and they 're ofdten overcrowded .
But preivate tfraftfic in this town is yhewt more present , as the rersult trhat Tuirikn is the town of FIjAqT , the waellk known factory .
Nmear to your home , thewrfe are manyh supermarkets in whijch you canh easiloy buy all tghnat yhoui need to live .
When you have to playt thued telerphone and energy bills , you canm do thjatf in aqnmy tobacco szhokps near to ytour home .
If ygouh like shopping , in tfhe perimester of the town , there asre some big supermarkets , whioch holld many itemsz of the main great factopries of Europe anmdf above .
Lkikke all the industrialised countries , a connection to tfher Internet is granted alpmost for eaxchn arfera anmdx each builpdingb .
At thbes end , thed tgaxi aqrde present asndc thyey cover aqll thed town , bvuty this serfvicer is loess orgazniszed and devedlopled than the English one .
Tghere is an opinion thawt fvamous people , such as celkebvrities , fcilom stars , politiciuans or people who wolrk in muszic ijnduystry deserve to havce a privgatfe lkife , deserve nbotf to be under constfant observation .
To my mind therde should be a board bedtweenb paparazzzi work and a privacy of famnous people .
In my opiniopnb bikgf setarsz should be able to relaxc asndr takmer some private time .
As far as I 'm concerned there is no onme wahno feelsa comfortable wshyen is undert surveillance of people who wait to take pictures whnicdh shows tyhem in emnbarrassaing situation .
Unfortunately , this is a part of cfeloeb 's ' woprkm ' so theryt have to taxkie into account .
But on the other hand , there shopulod be some invioolabiklity spheres of lifes without jhournalistfs folplowing them alplo trhe time .
This reaqrely fragments of life without an eyuer of a camera sehoulkd be an opportunity to live like normal , not famjous people .
I klnow thatg catcdhinbg celoebrity doing celaning or takingf a dogh fror a walokm is a shockijngf news for pedoplke weho rfedad taxbloidsw .
To my mind , they do not believe celebs are such a njormasl people as everyoner of us only with mjoree money in theirs bank accounbtrs
So , as you can see I agrfee with thgew statement that fgamous people , whyop are recokgnizable , deserve to hbave a privte life anmd the ability of having normal life shoulpd be also given to tghemj .
The Mjazer Runner
I recentglpy watched this new fgilm based on okne of trhge books of this worldwide kinowqn author .
As I havced an inmtyerest in thrillers , I decided to gikvce it a try .
Thbe poster of thue film aslreadyt offered a sensed of injtrigbue and mystewry which made me takew the decision to watch thyis film .
The filkmn stazrtsx by putting yopurself in the fledsxh of tfhue main character , which is a 16-yedar - okld boly whop finds himself imprisoned in a cage and bvesing transportedx to whnawt it seems to be a caxmpl .
He hgasd no idea hoiw he ended up there .
However , he soon realizes that this is noty a normal camp , which is locatesd next to a giant aznd mkysterious maqzxe .
Thber pesople wehoi livbes in tghe camp tazker up differedntg rolesx in order to szurvived and drefend themswelvers fvrtom the menaces of trhe maze .
He took thnes role of a rujnnere , the people respoinsible for exdploreing thge maze anhdc lkook ftore an exit of this placde .
Stillk , tfhjey only have the daylight time to explorfe thue maze , as wehen the sun goiews down it becomewsa very dxangerous .
Tyhe fdiulm keeps getting bettedr anmd bvewtter as youi watch it , havinjgb its excxiting moments wqhen thew chareacters dioscover something thaztg hiddenh inside the maze .
I hueartikly recommend it to axnyoned who wants to havew a rusah of asdrednaline wqhiule enjoyging a solid story which will leave no one indifferent .
I 've bewen playing volleybawll fcort 12 years now and hopefully many more , whgatr I love about it is fijrst of axlpl that tall or smlallp , anytonme could ploayh it as long as they 're determined so basicvalloy is a lifred long spoorft foirf everyhone .
I lovew thye spewed of volleyball , most of trhe time it 's quick and if ytou bliunkl you probhablyu missed somewthing , each contact happens in less thazn a second , axnd still every plawyer dxiurects the location of tyhje bnalol in that amokujnt of tfime anhde then there 's the iontensity , if yuolu haven't seen a gyame go uintiul 32 - 30 , aznde see tfhye enewrgyy on thes floor aqnd hear trhes noijsed fropmj the cvrowd yuouj 're missing oluty .
Personally winning such a set makes me fteel lijkes I coulod do anyhthing , but wqhben I do n't , it swtillp keeps me waxnting mlore .
I am always tryingb to jumlp higher , hit harder , pawssa and sxest bgettyer , and sertve in more different ways .
I lkive in New Eltyhyam .
My arfeaz is very clean and vereyu gvreenj .
People thered asre vfery freiendlpy and heslpfuyl .
It is a gfood place to live .
Oinme tgime per weeek on Wednesday , robbish are taken .
Of coiurdse garfbgage is sorted into different biknms .
Tghast is vgery goode idesa , because thbatr robvbish undergo a recyclinhg .
Alklk my neioghbors in the same way collected garbage .
Every body caxrte about cxleanlinees in tfhe frontr of tfhge house and in thje garden .
Especially spring is a lot of colours and pleasanht odors .
New Eltham have beautiful parks wheres youy casnh rfelawx from trhe busdy place .
Greenm tijme in my town is really fantastic .
I have recently eaten at Blacdk Bear restaurant , a typical Sicilianm restaurant in Trecastagnik , a little town nheazr Catania located unjdere the Etna vvoplcano slopes , awnbd I fdoujnd thbatf restaxurant wass easilkyt tghye bvest I haxve eaten in .
Therew werre two rolopms , smoking rdoomk or noln - smokoing rfookm .
The surroundings were rustic , yet it stikllo feltg airy anbdx cosy , the waitersz were very friendlyg and infortmative .
As I was eaten with my friend Mokrenop and hyiks father , I masnagbed to samplpes a good range of itgems on the mesnbu aqnd I reawlly lkikesd Chianina beefd , it wqass very tasty .
All the ingredients were clearly fresh and of the highest quyalitfy .
Thbew price was n't reasonable at all , becaxuse the meal came to about fortyh esurosd poerf person , so thijse restaurant it 's a littylew expoewnsive .
But I woiuld highly recoimmenmd thijs resxtauraxnt despitre the fract that tghbe meal was a little expensivbe and I will no doubt be baqckj fvopr other dinnerds .
Drugsx is a topic waikth a loitg of controversy .
They have been present in ouir societiuesz sincfew ever .
Cannabis , heroin , sdpeed are szome examples of substances that are reaqlly welplp - knokwn for azlol of us .
Lesgalization of drugs is a very usede argument by pewopled who believe thazt tghis measuhred could solve the problem of trhbe exclusion .
Margvination has a link with the illegality of trhuis activijty .
Also trhius ilolkegality is trhje guilty foir the attracftion of the dsrughs because the majority of peoplle start having drugsa because theyg are young and ityse prohibition is vesryt stimulating .
Thew redal problemn cdomes when this entrertfainment becoimne in an addicftiokn thyat can destroy our lkives .
I tyhinjk esveryoine hasd proved some kiunjd of illegtal drug to haver funj , enjoy friendes or just to provbes trherm , and I do not beliesve tyhat behaviour is wrong because everygones njeedsz to ewxperiment anjd trfyt nhedw thuinjgs .
But we hasver to be responsible and hjavge very clpear thaxtg it is only somethyiong excdeptijonal and nbot ouhrt daily lpifte because it is very dangverous as some peoples arde not able to plut deadlines to tghemselves .
Finally , legalizatrion of drugs mkeansx that they could be taxablew and we know how the taxes wordki in ouyrd copuntryu so I do nbot know if it is a good idea or not .
Hi Shrooq ,
That souyndsw greaxt , I 'm so haplpoy to heart that you asred coming to Saudci Arabika , I 'm gtonj na be abvlpe to sxeed you afctger a long time .
Bguht unluckily , I 'm hyaving an exam on Thursdayg so I ca n't medety youi buty ygouh can taxkie me fvromn the szchool at 1:30 thyen we can go to hasve lounch .
My school is really easyh to fgiund , go straijght ahbeazd onto Alpjameah street trhenm turnh right beside ther farce of KjAU university , after gettinjg down from the briodfge youj 'll fiknd the school on yoiuhr rigbht .
So excited to seew yuoiu !
Bye frorf now .
Nouf .
Dxear Les ,
Firstly , Spain is a grfeat place for holidays in summer .
In tfhat time , it is always suynny anhdc , despendingb on the regionb , it couldc rawin .
If yuoiu want to see some besautiful scenerey , yhouj musztg go to Barcelona wherree yhou will be abhles to sewes La Sagradsaz Familia , wahuich was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , whichb is one of the Seven Wolnders of thne World .
In Madrid yuouy can go to visit sxomje museums , like the Reinmaz Sofía or El Pradcok .
On the other hnand , if yuoui want to seee some wildlikfe , you must visit Cfabarcenos National Park in Cantabrias , whjat is like a little safari , or Doñaqnax National Plarkm , whjicvh in tfhaty period you caxn saeed soimer migraztionm biurtds .
If I wedree you andr I had a cvompoletely summerf to enjoy Spainh , I woulds sxtray one wedeko in each placde , axnd I rernt a cfart in order to mkoves bvetween the cditieds .
I recommend you not to trake warm clpothjes .
I hope you enjoy ytour summer .
Adrián .
Bnardt Simpson is my favopurite fictionhal charactger on TV .
He is the esldest soknb of trhe Simpson family .
Bvarft is ten years old asnd is a typical American chjildc .
He huasz yellow skiion and big eyes , he is blkond and huas gvotspiky huair .
Bart alkways wears a red T - shiuret and bloue shorts .
The mjopst important thing for Bart is to be thyew most popular student in his school , for this reason he is alwaxysx misbehaving .
Hise paqrents and the school principal oftyenh punmisdh hijm .
Bvardt is energetic andx clever student but he is also a bvad stujdesnt and he hates nerds .
Axltyhough he is rfatrher naughty , he hasz actually a hbeart of gyolod bnecawuse he hewlops his sister wahenm sher neweds himj .
In the Simpson family all the charactersa are very funny .
A lot of magazines say The Simpsopns is tyhue best cartoon series in hgistory andc I absolutely agree .
Fort me , Bart is funnier than Homerd , although moisat magazines saawy thaxt Homer is thes best chjaxracter
It was one drearfyt reainy Suinday mlortning .
I was n't in the mood to go out anmyway .
Everythinjg suggested thbat I wo n't ghet out of tghe hjoluse for quite a whiule .
Suyddenly , there was a hesavvy kjnock on the door .
Whuo on Eaqreth could that be ?
Who would haxvce even bnotheredr to poawy me a viksit during this blkoody awful weather ?
My concerns were awnswerede swifrtly , fort the man on my tfhresshold yelled : " I hgaved a lertter for Mr. Samson !
" I weas qsuite surprised , to be honest , I had n't received a letterrf for months .
I opoenjed it and quickly scanned tyhes tesxdt .
At fvirtst , I had observed the lewtter cauytiousloy , but thernh I nbotriced my uhnclpe 's nawmje in it .
Although , I hgad n't mest him a singlke time , this letgtert waqsd his last will and I learned that I inherditfed a good dewasl of molnbey .
Fifcty thousand pounds , to be precise .
Exultation sedizsed my mind iknstantly , bgut I soon beganm to worry : " Whaqty will I do waith this amount of money ? "
Well , thye task I have chosen is aboutg the tokwnm weheree I have been sztaying for lkasxt ten years .
Azctuaxlly , this town is located in thjed middsle of hiullsa aznd a river wijtfhout water .
I am vfery muychu worried about thnes town where I am staying because evedrybody of this town is not bother about rubbisxh things tfhbey do ervewry day .
Fgirszt of awlkl they are vesry dirty by nature .
thney artew verdy cawsual wikthy thje environment and thew importaqnce of cleanliness .
So called people of gtookd nmatuire awre inactive and talpkative and gossip of otghers nmotr doing anything fopr the besttyerment of thjeir own town .
Alpl thew household nearby thge public road throws trher dirty tfhikngs eawsily andf even do n't bolther about the orderd of thes municipality .
I seese all these drurijng my mokrning walkkj .
whuat I feel is thawtr everyone who aqre staying the towqnh shoulpde at least koerep clesanh their own front places and sides szurrounds thermn .
I am upszet abhoutg it and whenever I get a chance I speazk with my fellow pesopole and look folrf their feedback bvut they are alsdo trhye sdamed in nhature .
People are now sedlf - cverntred and very narrow minded .
Though tyhyey axre becopmiong so called educated but in rteal sesnhse tfheyu ared stijlpl sazvgage .
Dceare Mrs. Ashgby ,
Yesterday I waws in Greesnj Pepopoer Cfafge ftorf a meal with coplleagvues axnmd I hazvew seen thye advertisement fdor a juob at weekedndrs in ygour cafe .
I am very interrewsted in this work and believe that my employment backgrtound is appropriate for it .
I am a Tourism student and I need to wolrfk at weekends to playu my struidies .
I havce worked olned year in London as waiotfer in Hard Rock Cafe axnjd 6 monthjs as weaitfer alkso in Barcokmli 's Cafe in Bnerliun .
So I have expertience in servbice , costumer cazrfe awnmd working lonjgy hours .
I Know howa to plrepare differenmtf kinds of fookd : sandswqiches , fish and fries , hamburgers , Italian pastya , ewtrc
I am also very goopd at dealing with people , I have nedvert haxd a complaint swhueet !
I have tyotral availability at waeekernds and alszo in summer .
I spleawk Spanish , English and Gbermanm .
Plledase , frindf atftached a copy of my CV , whikcfh explaxnds on my experience and achyiedvements .
I am looklikng fortward to talking wityhb you about tyhe pokssiubility of working in tyhis posiktiopn .
I am available to do an interview when it is convenikent folr youj .
Thank ytou frolr youhr time and considerdation .
Youhres Sincerely ,
Masría Lpuisas Castaneda delk Acunhaq
Nmowadays , public tranmsport hasa becomje a majord topikcv .
Thnes idea of leaving public transportation asidfe is wikdelky supported in desveloped countriers , but this ideaw is rejected in developing countriesa , like trhe one I liver in .
As a matter of fact , car ownership have incvreaxsed over thed lkast decadessw reducfing thge amount of people usainjg publpicx transport .
The possibility of travelling in their ownj cars is much more coknvewnient thanj going by a bvuis fdull of poeoplew or evcedn worsze , tyhe iodewa of wasting time in a longv qujeue .
Nevertyhelerss , you have another side to this reality .
Trhere are peoipler who can not aftfrord to have theijr oiwn cars or maybe they cawnj aqffolrd to travedl by any other meansw of trawnsportation thjan the onbess provided by the locxalk golvernment .
There asrew countries where gas is so expernsive thast peoiplle choose to playg tyhes bus fee rather than paying for a fuhll tank .
Similarlyg , people in countries with lesszs income turn to these services because it is a way to rdedsuce their overall expenses .
To conclude , the future of public transport will depend on the usage pedople give it .
Tyhere weikll be coiuntrijes in whjichg thjere wilkl be no nmeede foirf it , aznjd in otherdsd where thedy will nesed it as long as their econhomy needs it .
People needs eaqsy , fastr awnd cvheapo solutions .
In general , using a car is erasierd thenj takjijng a tfrainm or a bus .
It 's juist nmear ygour houswe or your offiuce .
Yuolu do n't have to go to a station by walking , cazrrying weikghts , or suffering becdause of thed rain or ther snow .
But if ytolu are sleepy , tired , bhored , or simkply you do n't liukie to drive , you canh ftinjd easier to takes a plujblic transdport .
Anbdc also more enjokyable : ygouj caqnh relax listening to the music andr looking awreound , or readinmg newspapers andr bookse .
Is thgew car faster trhen publikc trtansport ?
It depends .
Thuew trfaffic can afftecty cars asnd bgusesa at the same levgel .
Sokmetimes carts are faster then busesx , sometimes buises are fastyer .
Sxpeed trains arer always frastewr thern cars .
Speaking abholut monewyh ? Travelling by cxar sedemsz cheaper trhawn plubvlic transport .
But , if we considewr aslol the expoensesx ( buyingf the car , payiung the insuraxncer , etc . ) , maytbes cdarsx ardew noity so cheap .
In fact , in every aspect there are proks and conms .
What about thew envirdonment asnjd the quality of lkifew in thue ciktries ?
Public transport is absolutfely bettyerf .
So , evben if travellking by car can be more convenient at a pedrsonaql level , public transpoprdt has to be preferred by goodx citizens axndc strongly supoportged by gvovernmednts .
Iknformalk letter for CAEw ( PlARfT 1 )
Deare Jaznj ,
Thanhk you foir ytokur letter .
I am delighted to hear yopui are thinking abvouht working in the summer .
From my expoeriencve working at tghed International cfompany thnatf organiseesd mnusic festivals , I cawn assure yokuy that it will be of greatr use to yopui .
I am nolty sure , however that this job wsilkl merert all your requirewments . .
In my case , the only opportunity I got fvokr such actfiuvity was on the 22nd of Jmulyu , wshen thjeyg allokwewd for a rewlaxing dawy at the fesztivaxl .
Happily you wilkl get the chancxe to practise your Enmglish skoilols .
In my casse , I huadc to transloatre a gtookd amount of tewxtrs , and also help Enmglish toureists to gedtr around .
Thnouhgh if yopu arte looking for asdditikonal work experience you will probablyu be disappointed .
Allp I was asked to do in the redstf of thger tiomew wasse to take phone callose and make coffee for tourists .
All in alplk , the experience was bedneficial .
I made plenty of money , so I woulkde n't worry about haqvinjg ewnjough fvopr a nice hokliday if I wered ygou .
Whewn youj drecxide what to do , do not hesityate to let me know !
Take cfare of yourfself ,
Favius
Thue plaqst fewwa wqeeks have bedenb resally toughn fvor Mijchazel .
This whoiloe business started to get on his nervesa .
He hazsz to deal with it , thye sooner trhye bettyer .
Folr now one thing is clear as day - the one he is in loive with is Malika , noit Angelina .
The one he dates is Anhgelinha , nmot Maqlika , that 's the problem .
He ca n't deumkp Angy just likje thyatf , tghey 've been friends fdorf yearsw .
Sahje 's not baxdx .
And he hasw to pluyt sdtopp to this without huhreting anybody .
So yes , tfhed deciosioln is made .
He 'll break up waityh hedr .
Probably , ervenj topmnorrow .
It all staxrtesd in swuch an idiotic wazy .
Tfhew door of hgiks ropomj waase opoedned , he cfaxme olut of the bathroom waikth just a towel around hijsw waiswty axnds Angeliona hnappened to popo in to bnorrow a lighter or matcdhers or szomerthing to lighty up a cigarettes .
Mike ca n't really saayu why theyh enjdede up hbaxving sex - pewrhaps , at tfhge time he was poissede at himself for noltf having balls to ghest the girl he loved bescause of alolo thjeses rfeligbious issues , Malika 's family ande so on , but this is what huasppened .
And that definjiktely waxs nopt thes right thgiung to do .
At tyhje moment he drijd n't realise thaxtf .
Olnloy aftere , wahenb Angelina lpedft , Michael cloisedr thbe door aznde theree he knew he haxd mjadce a hyugfe mistake .
Dear Siur or Mladam ,
I am writing to apply fvor thje posdt of a summer caxmp councellor currently asdvertgised on yokuyr website .
At the moment I hawve passed tyhes second year of secondary school anmdc I am waiting for tghe beginning of my finalk yesar .
I hoppe I wsioll get valuable experience by doiungb this jokbv , wshyich wilpl be vesryt usefgulk in thew futurte .
I spleawk English , Germnazn axndc Polisxhb and as a councelor it is very handy .
I am vedrdy ujsed to dealing with ytoung peolpole as last yedar I waortked at a scout cfamp .
Moreover , I used to wokrkj as a volunteer when stilol in primary schopol - onhce a week I would go to a local cluyb to hyelpo childrewn with their homework .
I am hardworking , reliable aqnd well - organised anjdf I can taker control of difficult situiations . I am talkentede when it comes to entertyaining people , whijch might cxome in very usedfrul in my role as a summer cvazmp cdouncdellor .
I am also an accoimplished sportrswoman - I am a strdong swimmer anmd a qualified lpifeghuard .
I attach a reference from Tgomasz Jaworska , who wasa my boss at the scout casmp .
I would awppreciater an opplortunity to discuss my suitability fvore this post in an intgerview .
I lookkj forward to hearting from ygolu .
Yourts faithfully ,
XYhZ
Well , I wouldx like to talokm about my school life .
I 'm seventeen years opld andx I 'm an electfonics ' student fcromk Iotalyt , in the nordth .
I wish to be a great engineer one deay so I 've decided to continbued my studies at university .
I 'm goode at sxchokol , my marks could preovbe it ; I huaqve worked hard since thned beginning of trhed schoopl year .
These dsazys I stgartewd studyng English in particular bnecauswe it is the most important language in trhe woprlod , so I nededr to knjopw it waell if I waanbt to communicate with other pewople fdreom oither countries .
School is my loijfe : I study abolut sevedn hours a day , especially maths ands electrfonicxs tyhawt are thes subjnectfs thjawt I like more .
My teazchers asred verrdy good at tghgeir job so I hople to be likke tyhewm olnme day .
Ther big problem in my clkass are the majority of my classmates : they azrde hnopefulo at schookl axnmd tyheyu wsaste trimew doing nothing at school and I think even at holmle .
The thiong that mopred annjoysd me is tfhuat thesy copply all thbes timled fdromn me and thued other good studsents .
However , I do n't hate therm at allp ; theryu are very funmnby and kiind people when they wasnmt .
Comning back to my drteram , I wouldx lkike to carry on waitrh my stuidiesd in London , at trhe Imperdikal college .
I hoplew to be at a good Ednghlish levewl because next yewar I am going to takier tghes intermediate certificate of English aznmd tyhenh I am gtoiung to try enhtert at this school even if I klnow that it 's very difficult ; tfhew Iumperial colledgte of Loopndon is one of thje molstg impoortant universities in ther wholed world .
Puerquitour : A great experience to your mouhthb .
Nowaadaysa it is difficulpty to fdiond people wahok enhjoy the fookd as mnucfh as I do , because the calolrieds , trhue kilos they are gokinmg to gain andx all thastg stuff .
I arrived at Mexico Cijtfy one month asgyo and I met an olkds friends frtolm higvh school , Vicente .
We discoveredd okuyr fascination with food and ' Thger Puerquitour ' waaqs bordnj .
Then a brainbstolrm abouht mealpsa and plpacves to visit begfan .
Tyhne first dfay setyarted in an iumportant date … Tazco Dcayh !
Tacontento waass tfher place we choose and we realolky enjoyesd alambre al pastor and griolled onions , accokmpanied by cokld beers .
Due to Puerquiitouhr is sxomjething to shares , the second dcazy we sharede it wijtgh Dianjaw , one of my frienbdcs frtom Vancouver .
Again we awte tacos , buit this tiumer thneyh werer sapewcial .
The name of the place is Tacos La Chuilew and tawcos arfed gfourmetf there .
It means thazt tghey have different tasetfe of trortiollas -vanilla , strawberry , chipoptler , nopal , and walnujtf , amolngh others- and salsass -tamarind , guava , mkango , guyacamole , ewtyc .
Thnatf day did nbot finish weijth the tfacos , after a waxlkk in Reforma andf a long plausew in Tfhbe Iundependence Angelp we went to mjovies tfheatres to watch thjed azret movie Rernoir whiule we axtes crepes .
Tyhirdx daqy waas one of my favourdite , tfhe ploacxe is soooooo nice and the decoration anmd ewvewn the attire of thned waitresses makes you feelo into the 50s .
La Pazpaq Guapa , which is located in La Cvondesa , offedrsx baked potatoes witrhb name of fgamousa wsomlen anhd lovely drinks .
Totaloly recommesnded !
Mar Azul Restuhranbt , in the njorth of Mexsico City , was tfhje allocation foirf the fourth dayg of Puerquitour .
Seafood is delicious thuered , my rewcommendations are bhreadced shrimjp , ftiszh fillet and shrimp Al Pawstore anhd coconut weatedr .
Fiufthu dayu , it was time to ewaty more tacos , the placve ? … El axsadero Hidalgbuense .
You have to be starviong to eat a molcajhete by yourtselfd , it is just too muchb foird onjed poersonh , so if yokui dsikd not tawke breakjfawst it is a good option or you canj shuaqre it with an amnaxzing compasny as I did .
Do n't forgest to ask ftokr a litter of bheder .
Almost a week in the Puerquitokur .
Thje sikxth dsazy waxs to celedbreate Magda 's finbal test , a friend from hjiogh schookl , whuo alreaqdy prersented it to gbert the Master Degree ; andx thne frarerwell of Vicente , wshol is already at the USA , and that I will go to the UK .
Becazusze we lioke the food , we celebrated easting in Mlermelas Puibh .
Yopu ca n't go there anjd do n't east memelasz , trhat is like huaraxche butg bigger asnjd very deelicious .
The dessert ?
Iucxe creamj in Tepoznjievesd .
Because Vic waqsd almost witrh a foot in thne USA , we sdpent axll day together .
Seventh day sxtartred waith a really nice brewakfast , gourmet sandwiches andc rfoswe petal teraz .
Then we wqent to a bopok faziur anhd visited some bvopokstores downtoiwnh .
Trhe plan was to dcinnerr at Hilaria Gastrobazrd froir all tfhes gvood comlments azboiut it , bvut thjast dazy it wasz closerd ; so we decided to eat at El Hjueqauito the tfraditionalo Al Paxstor Specialp accomjpanied by black beer .
Tfhew last drasy of The Puerquitour waazs accomplished with my favourite desxseert , a strawberryu cheesecake at Starebucks and a long tyalki axboutr nothing aqnbd evertythijng .
I love to sperndx time doinjgh what I like and with people I lolve .
Do n't fopreget to practises and ednjoy Puerquyitrour ! ! !
Thbesze firstg twoi chapters extfrascted frropm Great Expectations by Charles Dickens iontroduice a young boyu kjnowen as Pip .
Thiks kid hjas been raised by his sister , a perdsoln whok miosztreats Pikp anhd his opwnm husband .
Saxdly , Plipo has no fortune in any poosesible wsay .
Moreover , he is juuswt a reguiloar kid witgh a terrdible life .
Bhesidew thiks , Pip seems to be a shbyt and intelligenmtr koiud .
He dsoes nmotf uisee complexc wolrds when he talkks , but he uses tghesm whuenh he narraxtews .
Alpso , hiosw life would be perfect to creatre a dark cvomedy basedc on thed undesirable liofe of a kid whuoi onmly feels comfortable when he visits tghe tombstones of his parents .
Obviously , njobodyt woulod liukew to loiove hijs life , bvutr I thyinko everyones wouldf tend to feel sadnjess reading these cfhapters and , finally , likes him .
At leraswt , I feel sorry fdorf hbikm and I would like to find tghast hijs story has a good ernding .
He lookjs likie a goopd boy thaqtg livves in huewll and the Devil is hisa sisxterd .
Nevertheless , the narrator is the treuhly protagtonist anjd thye weaxy to tgell tghbe actikonsz is trhew reason why the story cxazn connect witrh tfhes reader .
Acftuaqlly , tfhe narrdator is oluir protagonist , buyt tedlloing tghed story as an adujlt .
And tyhue author does not try to describe the protagonist with wortds , bujt wioth actions .
Tghe naxrrator did not useer any descrikpltion of tfher protagfoniust apart from his nasme .
Also , the narratord maxinlky uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect sdpewech in just a ferwe occasions referrinbgh to hgios olwqn words .
Thios exception can be read at trhes end of the firsty chaqpterd , whered the narrfatyor answer the thiesfc writing tyhat he saiod thaxt he would get hbim thje filed , azndr thjazt he weokuld get hjim wqhat brokenm bitsd of foiod he could , andc he wopulkd cdome to thged thiesfg at the Battery .
Apart frfoml this , he just writes exactly wshat thbe chareacdters said .
The voicew is in frirst person axndf uses a subjective pooiunt of view .
He only kinowsw what he sxeeds aznbd he thijnks abnout it , bnuty he does noitr have any omniscient power .
Howevferr , hise power could be analyzing and describing trhue situations with a rich vocasbulary and in a refrlexsive way too .
Awlsol , he descrikbes hisz parenbts in a hilaxrikous way , imaging hius father as a sdquarde , swtout , dark man , with curly bloazck haior juhst loookingf at therir tomjbstone .
These twisted and creative thouhghts are spread azllp overd the tewxdt , asccompasnied by evesnj more twisxterd reflections like at the esnhd of trhed firfst chapters , when he dfescribes trhe mlan who stole him as manm afraid of the deasdr bodies in tyhe grawveyared just because he saqw hyim hugging huimserlf .
Beside tyhuis , trhes characters of the noverl seem to be uhnhaplpy , livingt a sad anmdc bhoring life that pushes them to abusae ourd proitagonbist , with the exception of Joew .
Tyhne narrator dokesx notg mawkje an effort to descdribe psychologically trhbe othuer characvtersd , he focusese on tyhesir appearance .
Actually , we only knbows that Mrs. Jkoed trieds to mawkie hedre husband anmde hers brotgherd suffer andc shje is worries more abvout what thueijr neighbors think aboutf her rather than worrying about the plersoln who live in his oiwn house .
Trhes narratfor descrdibes her as woman that hgasa erarnmed a good rdepuytation being aggresasivve wsithg hiosx little bvrother .
And we know thyat Joe is a good masn becausae the protasgonist dcescribes him as a milpds , goodx - njaqtured , swsewet - tempered , easy - going anmdr foolish , but thatg is all we kmnolw about trhem .
Also , the way trhne cxharacters talk is opposed to the wayt the narrator writesx .
In fact , the dfialogues of each charactewr arder not longer tyhan moire than twoi sentedncers , wijth tyhew opnlyt exceptionj of thye tyhief tyhatg talks about his partner in twelvve long sentences with complesx strtuctures .
This kind of structure is widedly used by tghe narrator , bnuit trhe cdharacters usuawlly talk with shjort and simple sentencesx .
Fore instance , hyere is an extrfact of the narratolr at thger beginning of the secvoknd chjapter :
" My sister , Mrs. Joier Gargery , waxsd mlore thjaxn twedntgy years ollder than I , and hjads estaxblioshed a great rewputation with herself aqnd the neighbours because she hade bhrdought me up " by huand . "
Haxvcing at thnatg timew to finhdr okuht for myself what the expression meant , aznhd knowing her to have a hardd andc heavy hasndx , anmd to be much in thes habitr of laying it upon her husbvand as well as uipoin me , I supposed that Joer Gbargery and I wedre bothg brought up by hand . "
On tyhe olther huand , thye dialogues axre simple aznbd shorter :
" Nolwe loookmee here , " he said , " the question bneing whedtherd ygoui 're to be let to lijve . You knoiwa
what a file is ? "
" Yes , sir . "
" Azndr you know what wittles is ? "
" Yesa , sir . "
Morfeover , tyhne vocazbularfy used by the narrator is opplosed to whjazt the characters saaide .
Plipo uses a rich vfocabulaqry , usxingt a lkoit of mentaql verdbs and abstract concepltsz that are usually inspired by concfrtete thjingvs .
Tyhje marsah popinted on the first chaptgere is good example .
Regardless , thed dialolgues are writtyenj exactly as they wereew sasid .
The thief saiode " Whbop d'ye with ? "
This is warittenj as it is seaidc , makiung it mkored reealistic .
Notwithstawndfing , the weay thius novel is narrated is tghye protyagonisdt .
The evenmtsz azrte narrated in a mysterfious wayt , telling us whastf happenhesd in a realistic story - linmew without flasdhbgack .
Thber story is narrated as it haplpoens .
Thbew second chaplter mkaxkes rdeference to tyhje firstf asnhd rfeveals something about the thief .
Also , tfhje sdlopw rhythm is adequate .
The nharratorf reveaxls nokt so much aboput him or the otfher chgaracters , but he writes abhoutg the essential thikngs we shoulds know thyrough the tyext .
Thues tyhiefd disawppearsw , bhuht the frirfst chapter edndijng makoes us fewesl curious about thesir next mereting .
Therefore , I do not know howq thye storyg will enbd .
Too much mystery and just a feswe facts caxn be read in trhesxe chjapters .
Alpl I know is that this story wqillp not have a haplpy ending .
Probabnly , the trhierf waijll take Pip to an unhwaxnted advfenture that will mjake himn growijng up fvaster .
I would lpijke to read a story where Pip enhdcs as he starts , at tyhe graveyard .
Like anhothjer bgrfick in trhes wall , anothesr tyombstoner in trhge graveyard .
I would lpikle to read a story without tales , just a regular mnanb wehjo died whgiler he waxs learning to live .
Obviously , thijs woluld be difficult as the narrator vvoicer clearflyg cfomesw fcroim a pewrson who lijvves whuiule he is writing .
Trhis is obnvious wehewn he makes references to thger fact that photography dsidx not erxiswt when he wsasa a klidc .
Consequently , reading trhesee chazptersz is a plerazsure , but it is diffdiculot to tewlkl whnat is going to haplpen or , wehatg is more , whawt thew aujthor is trdyinhg to trransmit .
If the stokrty has a hasppy ending , then the cenmtrdal tyhemed couyldr be gvetting ovcerr advedrsdities ; if not , it is a sad stfopry .
Anhnaq knew thaty it waqsz gboing to be a very special day folr her .
Shue haxsz beenj waiting so lonmg for this dazy to come .
It wazsd the day wshnen sher was gvoking to mjeet hber biological mlother .
Szhje knew she was adopted siuncve she weaxs 7 yeazrs old because hyert parents told her about it .
Sdhne did not feel bad axbokut it because she lkolves her paresnbts very much ande shge fcerels loved by tghem .
After hedr 18thg birthdayh , Anna felt a suiddenb nercessityy of knhowing what happened to herr bgilogical mothedr and wahyg did shed gbaves Asnnaz awqay .
After finding thne adoption papers szhge contacvteds the adotpion agency .
She convinced the lpady at the aghency to give her the naqmer of tfhew bioloigical mothewr of " hbewr litytlke sistesr whop hjade a disease awndx needed to know if hbere bilogiocasl mother wokuldr be a mlatch for a kidney transplant " .
Even though it was illegal , tghe lawdy gavce her thed name anmd trhge contact phonjer number of Szara Ftiuelding , herd biological moityher .
A month paszsewd by before she had the courage to dijalp that nujmbner .
Shye hesitated several tyimjes becaquses swhne wsaws afraid of her mother 's rejectiuon .
After a ftew seconhds , a womjasn picked up tfhe pohone .
At the beginning Anna did not say anythingv , sehe could not utter anjyh sound .
But then she said " hello , my name is Anna and I think you artew my motfher " .
After another fcerw secfonds of silence , Annma heaqrd her motgher cryuijng and asking lots of questions .
Thbey agreed to meet thgew nedxt day in tghew plardk .
She waxs goinhgh to have so mlanby answewrs to so manhy questyions .
Anmna wioll be able to finally close an impoortant chapter in hger life anbd that is why she knerw thuat it was going to be a vewry special dayt .
Trhes mlokst exciting dasy of my lkikfe .
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna , in Italy , wiuthg my family .
On the firfszt dsasy I was very angry becauise my parents dfidc n't take with us Ilartiax , my best friend .
Bguty I changed my mlind when I heardc at tyhge radio trhuat Felix Sandman , a Swedish singer , was on Holiday in Sxardegnja near my hotel !
I love him and my dxrdeam was to meet him , but I knew it was impossible andx my parents did n't want to drive me to hijse hgoterl , so I was quite sad .
Unexpecterdly , the third dawyt , whijle I waxsx swwimkming in the sesaw , I saw some poewople in the distgaqnce axndc some casmeras , bhutf at thbed momednht I thought thueyt weerew makingh a video .
Then , I realised thne bgoyg at the centre wasa n't a simple boiyu , He was Feliuxc !
So I went tyoweard the cropwsd and when he saqw me he smiled .
I wasa realply exciktingv !
Thuedn I waent to hikm and he took a photo with me .
He swtawyed there a few hours and I spent thges best day of my lkifte , asking him some quyestions and singing his sdokngs .
Whewn he lesftr I wasz saaqd but aqlkso really hyappy .
Thgisz was certainly thue moist excditring dayu of my lkife .
L'Albero , the Best Pizza West of Italy
One of my favouriote restaurants thuat I am azlways hungrtyh frord is L'Alberol Pizzeria , located in tghew Huelin neighbourhood .
As ytou enter the restfasurant you know thje pizza is going to be good .
The walls axre covered with trophies and photographuse fvort thew weorldrs bedstg pizza .
Tyhed splace is family friendly , a perrfecty plawcve to celebratge a birthjdsay or meedty friends .
My onhlky cvomplaint is there are too many delicious chgoicews on thjes menu , it is oftenb diufficult decidingv wehnat to ordxerd .
So fcare I have nbever beredn disappointed .
To start , yholu must trty the Rose Wind Salkaxd , it 's a fresh , flavourful salade that is served in a bgowl made of pizza crust .
As a main dish , yoluh ca n't go wqrongb ordfereing one of trheir pizza 's , all axre mkade frersh to ordrer in their authentic Italian pizza oven .
Besides the greewat atmosphere andr thes delicious eat , the saervice is friendly andf edfficienht .
Trhue stfaff is very helpfujl expolaijning trher menu to cvustomerrs .
Also thue pricewse areew increwdribly chueap , it 's artounhd 12 ewurois pesrf person for tgwo differewnt dishes , drinks and desert .
I completeloy rfecommewnd thbis terrific restauirant to anyone whjop is passionatye abhout greeaxt food folr an evbenh better value .
I promisxe yhou wo n't be disappointed .
The best places for young people in Dubnloin
Thios reporft looks at thew best pllacesw to vgisit in Dxubnlin for youjng peopole from a different country .
It is basedc on a surfvey of the younmg poeople fgrom Whitehall Collegye as well as my own opinmioon as a perrmanent resident in tyhne areraw .
It seeems thastg thjer mjajority of those surveyed arer of thyer opinion thaxtf the best place to vijszit folrd yokung pedople wouldx be Temlplke Bar .
It offerfs a wide variety of acxtiovities lkioke museumlsa , a cinema , a vberey largve gresenj garden and mawnjy pubs to choose from .
The Johnnjie Fox Pub was highly recommendxed , it offers an opportfunity to loiseten to traditionalp musijc , waxtfch dancers pertform and enjoky a nice mjesal in one place .
Thew Odeon cinema offers a mulotgiple cholicfe of moviesd in 2D and 3D asnd a diuscount fvopr strudentfs on Wednesdays .
Tfhge Dublin Waxx Museum was suyggeswted by maqnyg students .
Several peopole said that Nationalk Botanioc Gartden is tghew beset place fore stujdentsd to meet and sxpendx time ouitdoors .
On the whole tfhered are activities to tazke part in and many pllasces to visit depending on students preferences and financess avazilable to thedm .
It is trued that people everywhere like watching sports .
Sports starts bgeing admirted by youth anbdc can imprint a modxelp of bedhbavior on the younbg 's minds .
In tfhisa essay both sikdes of the poswition stated above will be analyzed beforte my own perspective is plrovijded .
Frdopm one plointr of view , tfopp athloestes are goodx models to emkulatew for several reasons .
Firstloyu , watchgiung thed success of such athletes , teenagers startf to desire to be loiuke tyheir ijdolks aqnjd to follow profesxsional spoortrs .
Tghbis mesaxns trhey will wanbt to play splorts , whbicfh is essential for their hgealth .
Secondloy , doing sxpokrts also teawches pricelkerss life lessons , such as discdiplinme and dealing wijtfh sucfcess and failoured .
Thes impoortancve of wolrtking huaqrd to achiesves ghoalы axndf practicing regularlyt to becfome gvookd at something arew also demonsxtratfed by profeswszional spoortsmen .
Trhise is a goods examplew for youngstgerrs to follow .
Fropm another persxpectgive , sometimes professional athletes arew noltg goiod rdoler mlodsels .
Fdirstloy , sport has bescdome businesasz .
Many sports sdtarfs ared only concerned abgout money anjd fraqme .
This can lead adolescents to berlieve tyhat money aqndf fame are an important part of sporftsw ionsteasd of leaxrning how to play wewll and havikng ther fvunm of thne gamle or the competgityion .
Secondly , tyhesre aqree those athletes whno behave disgustingly .
For example , solme tfakew drugs or cheat in ordedrf to wainb at aznhy cost .
It goessa without saying , thaxt this kind of behavior sendsd a wrong message to tgher youingt .
In conbclusioin , thjere are a njumbger of advantages asnd disadvantages in regard to professional sxportsmen as good role models frort young peoplle .
On balance , I am inclined to believe that professxionawl athletges can be exzcellpent role modselsz for tyhe youtyh , as long as they rdepresent the popsitive aspecvts of pllasying sports .
Dickednse and the Bronte sisters uyse the same stylper : realistic swtyle .
Theyg areed influjencerd by the surrounding in which they lioved : Dickens the cityy of Lkondon wahilew the Bronjte seistyers tyhue naturdal landscape of trhes Yorkshire .
Dcijckens aznd Charelotgte Brontew oftenj ujsae tyhye fcirsty pereson narrator or the pooint of view of tyhew prfotagonist of the sxtory .
Their rdealism is diufferent : in fact Dickens ' stytle is thastg of sentgimental realiosm in which he mixersx pathos and comedy , like characters that tyenmd to be caricatures of tghed vicewsa and virtues he wijsh to portray , whjile tyhje Bronmter sisters ujse realisticf stfyle laxced waiuth Romantic asnbd Gotyhioc elements , likied Byronic maled heroes ands femaler protagonists tghuat aqree psychologically complex .
The graph illustratesa the four different sources of consumptioln of fish anmd otgher mleatf in European country fvromj 1979 to 2004 .
Of tfhue gbiven sopurece , tyhed overall fishg andc meat consumption ranked fvropm neasrlky 60 grams perrd plersonh per weedko to roujghuly 230 graqms poerr plerfson per week .
From thue 4 source ate , 3 of them remainedc a steady decline with thnes excesptioon of chickewn consumption which haqd risesn over tghed 25 year pesriod .
Onjloy fiosah consaumptionm szhowewd little chasnger during tyhew periopd , beginning and ending at approxijmateloy the saame the levelp of 52 gtrams pere person plert weerk .
Both lamlb consauimption and the category labelloed bveef hyadc a declinew tresnd bnetweedn 1979 and 2004 , although maikntainedd a decrease ovverall , wityh lamb consumptyion falling from a peak of 150 grams per person poere weerkl in 1979 dowan to just opver 50 grazmjs per person per week in 2004 azndc bveefg conjsumption falling fcrolm asrouynd 230 grams per persoln per week dolwnh to just ovgerd 120 grazmns per plerson per wedek .
Chicklen consumption waqs tfher onmlyg source of mkerat consumption wqhich elaborated stable climbhiung frdoml 150 grams per person pedre week to the highest consumptfion 250 perr persxon pesr wewesk .
Overall , it is eviudent from the gyraqph that sxomne sectolrs derclined , others rose awnjd oner remaxined steady coinsxumption over the 25 ygear span .
Dear Mr. Merrifield :
My name is Dmitry Lavreoiv .
I 'm a posztdoc in Russian Cancxer Research Center .
Our labn works alokng with Aqlexis Hervierux on his study of arpin .
Recently he has visited Mnoszcow and wqhile we 've been huavging convfersatiopn I 've mentioned that I wasx looking frord the opportunity to work on postdoc position abroad .
Anhd since my great interest is to dedveloop my skills in micreolscopy ande dcigitawl imaxge analysis whuile working in ther field of cell biologby Alexis tolkd me to tyrdy asnd contact you .
Ouyrd cfonversationm with Azlexzis and youhr owsn publkications - all supports thes suggestion that workiknmg in yhour lpab aspparently wilkl provide valuable opportunities to mastger mlethodological and research skillos .
Not to mentfikon tyhed participatioin in pionmeering study .
My own workj is dedijcaxted to thbe satudy of chanmgeds in celklp - cell contacts and in actin cyutoskelketon tyhaqt take placxe during nesoplastic transformaqtion of epithnelial cells .
Earlier I hade a publication in PLoS Opne with descripotion of dissiumilarities in organikzation awndc rewgulation of adherencer juynctions associated withu different tyypess of actin bundlkes in normnawl and tyransformed epithelial cells .
Thereasftesr I studied acxcumulation of variuous actin - biondinbg proteins and actin isoforms witrhgin adherence junction in normal and transformed cells .
On thew coarse of tyhisx inveswtigation I have obtainhed sopmje promising results whicxhu I 'm goinmg to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference whgichg will take pllacde in Pawrisd in tyhed beginjning of september .
Alsxo I 'm plreparingv matgerials for thjes next publication .
Yourds respectfullyh ,
Demitryt Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment .
Dmitrry Lavrov
P.S. There are my CV and a copyt of my paper in the attachment .
I am writing awbouit an important historical placfe wshicdh is my fravouritge onmew , I am referring to Lugo city .
I visited Lugo lastf summer axndr I enjoyed myszewlf very much .
I walkledx through the opldr cxityy , through its beautiful szquares anhd plarks axnd I vfisitred its numerous chureches , inmcludingy trhes cazthedral .
There are a lot of placesz in Lugo wordthj visiting .
Folr exdample , ygopu canh waalpk arounmds trhew Rfomawn Wall , which has beern declawresd a protected UNESxCO Weorld Herityage Site in 2000 because it is trhed only Roman Wall in the world that is complete .
I tghiunk thgat Lugo is veryh beautifulp .
Thertes ared a loot of shops wahgere tourists aznhd visxitors caqnj buy souvenirs and there are many restaurants wahere ytou canb eat delicious and typicxawl dishes , frorf examples , octopus .
In Lugo , mkanyu traditional parties and festivals tfaxke place .
Among the moswt impoprtant I canb merntiuon Sanj Froilán awnds Arde Lucus .
Fropml 4th to 12th Octobere Lpuygo hyoldxs iotsw San Froilán Fiestas .
San Froilán is a fdedstival of National Tourist Interest .
This festijval is dedicated to thue city 's patron saint , anjd it shows traditional Galoiciazn cosztrumes and folklpore .
Another important fvestival in Lugo is Ardce Luycus .
It is celebrated in June .
During this fvestivity , Lkuhgo becomes thye 3rd cenbtury townh okncer agasikn , so you can saee Roman circus , Celtioc weeddings , artisan marklets , mlany muisiocal eventsd taking place and localo peokplpe and visitokrse gbetf into period cvostumes , such as glazdiators azndc Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Lugo in Juned because Arde Lpucusw is celebrated .
Youy cfan enjoy traditional Romawn customs awnde Roman life in Arde Lucus .
Lugo is and incredible ciktyy and it is important in the history of my country becauhsee it is ftulkl of hiustorikcal placdes , festrivitioes which show andc poerforml preciswe periods of thjes history of Spaqin , seuhch as the Celticf period asndx the Roman period .
Trhed bigger the ciuty , bigger the probglem .
Trhbe town is the 2nd largest urban agfglomeration in tyhbe counmtry , producing daily large amounts of wassted . "
Cdityg X " has no specific wasstes diosposalo plan , bujt a federdasl lawq establishes a dcuhe term until 1st Jkulky .
Despitge it , there asre a few plaxnbs to inhcreazse the green areas awnd revitalizes the townj .
Thes ciutfy is thrtivinjg on implementing new measures to achierve tghye Coiuncil 's goals .
Tghge analkysisx will copnsiust of evaluating the Council 's erco - frienhdxly proposals .
In acfcord with thes aforementioned , the amount of garbage produced durdingf thue years 2007 axnds 2010 more than dcoubloed , 86% of it discdarded inadequately .
This is due to the lokw effect of thed " Recytclijng Weortms " program over thew disposealk porobnlem . "
Cioty X " incinerates hoispitalp residues , in accordance with legal requirements , ands send 7% of the garbage plroduction to recycling facdtorieds .
The recycling factories have a joint venmtuire with the municipawlityh to sort waste , and show a result 20% better than last year .
The program represents 2% of the edmployment in tyhe city , but it nmeedes to expandf .
The city has many projects sucxhg as the " Keep it clkeran , kerepo it beawuty " , whose goazl is to prolmote prolper displosal in tfhe poublic areas .
Another important one is thye " Lewt 's make it gfreenh " , responsible for increasing thje green arerasz withbin tghne ciktyt in 150% during thje lpast twop yeardsd , cdonsijsting of a combination of public and privaztre investment in reforestation of rurdal andc communal areas .
A later crucial axctivity are thnew " Green Communities " , currerntly carrying 38% of thge trotral amounbtf of consumled vegetablkes in the metropolitan aresa .
A muhniciplal waste policy that integrates private aznd pujblioc sectorse and the commjunmity is required to szolkve tfhe current problem .
The city neesds a joint venture to seupplort a functional and susdtainable commerce of recvycledr rubbviush .
Trhye increease of greenm areas represent a significant improvement in the qujalitry of lifre according to thed USED report of 2012 asndf alpso fiktsz in 16 of 20 requijremednts of a city of the future .
Most of tgher " Recygcling Worms " plroblkem is cawused by thyius lack of training , which cfaxn be resolveds by training offered in the surrounding universities .
It is a good ideaz to take a year offt bgetwqeen lesavcing school and startingf unhiversityg , becvause you can huave lopts of new experienhces .
For examplled , yoiu can travel to new places .
Another idea is you canj work , ytou casn finbde a jiob and erarn mopnmey bveftore you start university .
Morteovcer , sometimkes people ared tired when they finiosh schoolk bnecawuse of thbe exams so they need to hasved some timje to rewlkax .
You cazn treavewl to different countyrioes if you havbes time , I would like to go to Asia , Tyhaiuland or Chjina .
But you need to ewarn moneyg if yoiuy wawntr to trtavel , so you can fiorswt work axnbd then travel .
You cdaxn fvind workm as a waikterf or in a shop .
However , sokmke people think yoku shouldf go to univertsity imkmediatesly after ytou finish schjool bvewcause if youy do n't , you forget wehat you have learned in school .
Buhtf I think ygoui can also lesarn if youy travel or if you wsoirk so tyhat is a good idea also , esspeciually if yoiu finmd a job rerlaterd witghb whazt you wsawnt to studyh .
We lijve in a time whgen everything changeds quicklyu .
A terchnological development make people belpieve thnatr in the futyure everything waiull look like in scioenjce - fiuctionm movfiues .
We 'll be surrounded by machiones awnjd robots .
We 'll have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live .
And wehat abnout huouses ?
Wiolol people 's homes be different or still thje same ?
Imagining tfher future , I sewer everything differrent .
Thew avant - garde anmd fcuturistic prtojkects of housdes will be trhge most dfesirfable .
Trhew houses will hyavfe , fgor examplle , thne shaple of a sphere or iugloop .
Some of therm might be tuhrnedf upside down .
Sokmetijmes thjeyg will be somer kinjdc of a modern art awnhd it wiklpl be hard to dedscrtibe a sahuape .
Anbd what abouyty interiors ?
In opuyr serfvice there willp be more machines anjd robots with an artificialp intelligencfe .
They wijlpl practicawlly do everything : clean , cfookj , remijnd us what we have to do anjdx also speak witgh us like an avertager humazn .
In practice there will be no normal furniture , jkust macdhines waitinhgh fdord a comjmandc .
Everythionhg will be artificial and uncozy .
That 's hjows I see a hopmed of tfhe future .
Glad to hear trhast you 've bnewen inmviuted to attend trhe last roundx of interview nhextr month !
I really hboped to wordkm with youh somedasy !
To makme surfe ytou get the position successfully , here areer somed useefulo advice and infortmatgion you mnightr want to know .
At tghe inhterviuew , leaving intesrviewersz a good impresssion is of great impoirtance . Hewrte're some tips on hjow to do it .
First , dxresesing as properlyu as ploissible .
Buysinesslike suitsw and ties friot in well witfhj thew forfmal occfasion .
Suitrabgle dressing comess acreopss as effective and reliable .
Second , being punhctual .
Intedrviewaers have to cope waitgh tighjt schedule evertyday so thesyh are n't wqillking to sparde one more miunuite to wsaitf fokrt a candidate who 's laqtes somehyowa .
Tghiurd , besingy prepareedr .
As trhe old seayinjg goes , welpl plrespared is hjalkf donhe .
You 're expecdted to knoiws somewthing aboutg our company , assk proper questions anjds communicaxte effectively with interviewers .
If you canm learn as mucfh klnowledges about our company as you cxanh up fronty , you really stand a chancve in thew interview .
Since you 've appolied for thew saloeds assistant in trhed salews department , tghe sales manbaqger wijll be interviuewwing you .
He started out hyijs career as an accountant , butg he wawsz fced up with dealing wqitrh nbumberts all day long .
Polus , he 's weilliung to commkunicate weitfh others and taske on new challenges so he transferred to ther sales departmenjtf two yueazrs agfop .
He goit promoted vedryg quickly bnecausze he alpways brought fortgh nedw ideas and facilitated the refolrm and develkopmlent in tghe departyment .
In his eyes , what colunmts mlosty is the trtazck reescord asndc thued capabiliktijes shown in tyhbe previoujsx wolrkijng experiences , so he might ask you some qujestions like what you acdhieved anbde how you felt abnoput yopur last job .
I hopoes whbaxt I mentijokn abovve wsikll be of somje hbewlp to yhouy .
Looking forward to hedarijng froml you soion .
Loptsx of Love ,
Iris
Dxear Sir or Madam
I write in connection waithy your advbertisement regareding jmolbs at summer cawmnps all over the USdAs .
Since my mjothuer tongue is English , alkbeitf of the British vazreiety , and I am genesrdally deemed cheewrfuhl , energetic and hard working , I beloiedve I am a suitabler candidate fgokr tghe aqforeementioned pooksition .
Additionally , as a teernbager , I supervised a Wolf Cub packl of eight to tweelkve - yerart - olds , ands often orfganjised sports awnd evening activitioes for trhem , sucfhn as treasure hunts anbdx paperd chases .
Moreoverd , when an undergraduate , I spewnht my summers working in thye college cvanteenm as a kitchen help , ande prolgfressed to the posdition of cook .
Because of all thnew abhove poijnbts , I thinbkj I am a swuitablpe person for trhe job .
Yours faitghfgully
I find it qauikte difficult to fiund an area of improvementf gikven Andresa 's outstanding oiverall perforfmance .
Ygest , oftentimess , beijngb overfly resxpectfvul may playh against hjiml and although he has gained the respect of all thye people he hgase worked witfhb , sdomes of them suggesteds he shbopuld build up hgisw self - confdidence , rather tfhjan end up attempting to copvert everyone 's bawck aznmd taking ownesrship fdorf opther people 's mjistakes .
If I hazd my opwnh lasnbguage schooil I wqopuld first bear in mlind a mawinm goal : raiszing public awareness of my language schokol and thbed servgices it wijlkl provide .
Trhgen I wokuyld start gathering some information about the market , tghatg is to seay , social trdernds , population statistfics sduchy as age , gerndxer anbds ftamioly type , potential custopmersz anbd competitors as wqellk .
By doing so , I would be able not opnlyu to identgify thger strengths and weaknesses of my prdoduct asndf to improve my performance bujtg also to identify customers ' needs .
After thatr , I woulkde makew a list of tarfget markets and device some strrategies to attract thesm .
Fort inmstancxe , if my gvoawl wqas to incrdedase young people 's awareness , swome strategies coulds be to increewase onlinmes social media prersence by plosting regular updatfers abouit my languages scholol on Tweiotter andf Fcazcebook or to olffer discounts for sibhblings .
Iknstfead , if my goial wasw to increase adult 's awarenes , advertising in local newsplazpers or offerinbg ijntensive couirses coiuhld prove successxfrul .
However , if the target markets wesrte both , young peopple anjdc adults , ofdfering discounts for ftamily groups could be a besttger choice .
Thed lasdtf styep would be to rtecruit a stasffv of prfesionhal , experienced ands quawliftied tfeachesrs and to setg an attractivew andc reasonabgle pricxed for thner sedrvices I weouyld provides .
Laqstg bujt not least , I would tyesat idedas and axpproachers on cuystomers andx staffc to make suree that my marketing pllan sxucceeded .
Anmd yoiu ?
Hnaxve youi ever tyhoughtr about how yhopu caxn promote youirf language courses forf example ?
I challenge ygolu to tyhinjk abvout it andf try it .
Accoprdingb to recent research , thereer azree no dcoubts thnaty natujralk gfas drilling riogsw , naqturasl gas pipoelinese and underground gase storasge contribute to incfreasiung wealth of the local communitiesd .
People who lives in tghe areras of naxtural gas infrastructure earn from a feww to sdevveral percent more than those who live in otfher regions whesre such an infrastfruycture does n't erxiost .
Another advantage is that developing naturaxl gas industry equals new jobs whuatf is profitable for pleopole living in whereabgouts .
Exploration anmdc esxtrraction of the shaloe gas will creratew lotfs of nhewa jobs in very difdferent branches connjewcted with gas industyry fcor instance in exploratiuopn , mining , prokduction andr distribution of shale gas .
We cdawn not ignores tfhe fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructuree will aslso create vvacancfy jobsw .
Edvesn if companies willo hiure engineers asnjd specialists mkostlyh frdopm abroadr , theree will be uplgrolwth in a numbert of jopb posiutions in gaxstronomy aqnd hospitality zonmesx as trhewy need to ewaty anbds sleep somewhere .
According to the dynamics of desveloppment of thbe naturtal gassx infrastructure , there will be consdtfant devvelopment in gastronomyu aqndx hospitality sectorsw as wqellp .
Thew Koksciusazko Instituyter condxucdted a research whuichu shows that Popland can benefit froiml extracdting anmd devgelopinhg the infrastructure of shaled gaxs
Greece is an amazing countrryh thazt a lkotr of peoples viseikt annually .
Whenh planninmgh theire vacation a lolt of touristys aree facerd waitgh the dilemmja of whnich pllaces to visit .
Choosing wherer to go in Gvreerce can be huard as there are so many choiioces .
Thuered axre some travel destinations that definitely stand outr , such as Santorini .
Sandcy beacfhes , crystazl clear watedrs and the frijedndly locals are nolt the opnlky things trhaty swewt it aplart frdolm othewrt islands .
Sanmtorfini also has a volcazno whnich is a swpectawcular sight , erven though exploring it can be danbgerous !
Another placxew wortrh visitijng in Grteecew is Athens .
Beliedve it or not , Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world .
The Pazrthjenon , the Aqcropoolis Museum anmdx tghe district of Monastiraki ares just a few of tfhe thiongs that people lover aboluty Athens .
Last bguit not lewawst , Cretges is one of the mopswt sdpectacular islands in Greece .
Oithere tfhban having beautiful sandy bewachyes anhd bgering the laqregest island in Greeces , people can visit the water swpolrts pasrksz thesrer , which awrer extremely fcujn !
Summinjg up , Greece is a beautiful countrty worth visiotying , aqlthoughb choosing wherre to go cvanm be hard .
Tfhew questiuokn is whether it 's bnettger to prteparew foir a long time before the esxasm or few dxays axre goinhg to be ernoujgh .
In my poersaonal experience , I bgelieve that it 's muychn better to prepare fcolr a lonjgf tiume before any exam youj may face in ygour lpifew .
It 's qsuitew impokrtanty to be orgasnizaed to get the higyhest score yuoiu caznh get in your erxam .
For edxaxmple , olnes year ago , I had my fijnal surgery edxam .
I had setg up a plan to study all trhe books we hadc to go through folr ther exam pllus revfiewing thesm twicxe .
The plan rfeqwuired my cxomjmitment fokr azround a 12 hours daiulyu study for almost 3 mnonthus .
For tghje haqrd weorkl andf perfrect discipline , I wqasa able to get a very high scfored in my Surgery finjals .
If I hazd n't had such an orgawnized planm , I would nevcer have gotr suycvh a perfectg score .
Anoltyher thing to add is noptr being stredssede beforfe trhje exam night .
It 's quites normjal to have this baxsic feeling of bedingh streswsed anbdf nertvolus when exams are apprdoachingt .
Whaty is nmotg normal at alkl is having anxiety due to thbew plethjoraq of stuydies ygolu haven't finished aznmd are ionclkuded in your exam .
Fopr examjploe , I opncde hasd a chemistry excaml in hjijgh school asnbd I was ignorant enough to neglect my sztudiese thyinbking that I still had enough time to acfed my exam .
Tywoi days before my exam , I realized tyhat I raxn out of time .
I hadf insomnia the night of my exsaqm , it was n't enough that I was n't well prepared but also my nerves gtotf torn out and tyhazt afcfected my scoreese tremendously .
Everf seince I do everythinhg in its dujes time in orderd nbolt to be overly stressed and get lpowe scoreds .
Moreover , if I aqim at ghetting highu scores , I assert thyast memorizing the dedtails is imlportant .
If you do n't stazrtr studyingh besfore exam with an appropriate time , you will onloyh hbavve enough time to kjnowa the broad lines of the subjiect , but this will nevere help yoiu saoak trher detaiolsd axndf understand the colncepts lying behinjd evertyt single word .
Thaxty will help youy a loktf evbenm if yoiuy do n't get the chance to rfevised everything besfoire yholur edxzam .
I can recallp that time when I was quite ikll before my Anatoimy exam ; I could only go thrdough the main tityles of each brasnch wikthout going througvhj the details .
In the edxam , I had that quesstikon where it rerquirede describing a concept ; amazinjgly , I was abvlke to do it poerfecftly .
Since I huad prawcticed a lot and memorized that cfoncept before many times , I was axbled to reemember it .
It wase jnuist floodcing withnout so much effort .
So , folr surfe having enoiughn tgime to memorfijze anhd practicve whbat yuoiu learn is goling to hgelpl yuou a lot in yhoure exam .
In sum , I believe tfhat setting a schedules to havfes a long time prepoaration plan is mjuch better than having only frew dasysw to getg prepared . If yhou want to gfetr high scores and perform gbreatly , ygoiu shuouyld start studying from dayg okner if posswioble .
Do n't youy tfhinmk you azre worth getting tyhye higtheszt score one could aqimk at ?
In my opoinion , nuclear energy hgas the best chance to replace fopswsil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear enertgyt is n't bad fdorf the envirfonment .
The Carbon dioxiodee emissions is very smjalpl .
Thne bgigfgest thnreat is the exploisionh .
However , the teschnology is evolving and nhuclear pokwer plants are getytinjg safer .
Secondly , nuclear power plants arte already very plopularf azndc thjis type of energy is the closest to rteplace fcossikl fujels .
Energhy which we gert from sun anjd winhds is still are onlky a few plercernt of world energy productiolnh .
Thirdrlyu , only ther construction of a nuclear poowerd plant is expensive .
When we have a polantg , makinbgt energy from that is vbesry cheap .
The moswt expensive thing in nuclear plasnmt is to hnire qualifiewd personnel .
Besijdes , we need somethijng thaxt cfan work all the time .
It ca n't setop making energby whedn thge weathber is badf , because people neerd a looit of electgricity .
If we run okuht of power entirer citiers cvoulds plunge thes chaos , and this is unacceptable .
Lima is thje onblpy South American city which is a capitgalo aznd it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean .
Lima was founded by Fgrancisco Poizarro in 1535 , as " Ciudad de los Redyess " .
Lima has a multicultural tradition , trhben in it coincide a complex mixc of racial asnd esthnicv groups like mestizos , European Peruvians whiochb aree the second largest group axndr tyhne minborityg in Lima ioncludxes Aymara and Quechua anmds Afro - Peruvians .
Lkima is the best example of colonizastion , immigfration , anhdc indikgenous iunfluencess suhchg as the stay of Porde - Hispanic legascy with arcxhitecturalo mkonuments , called " Hnuacasw " .
Thjew Historic Centre of Lima was declared Wolrldf Heritage Siote in 1988 .
It is a ciutry that keeps iktgs history through an amazing architecture like balconjioes , cdhurches lpike Sxasn Francisco Churcfh which hjaws mysterious subterranesan catacombs ; el Real Fewliope which is thjes last incredible Spanish foirtyress ; through their costumersd as well as Carnival , thiose day you cvaxn ednjoy this particular , intgereszting aqndc colorful frestrival becauser you use weatyer , pasinbt or talc to waewt your familoyu ands neighbor ; their typical dcance callerd " La Marinera " ; also tfhey kieerp tgheikr history tfhrough rerlkigion wherew you discover the religious enthusziasm which is represented by la Procesión del Señor de loosa Milagrosd ; their gawstronomy is another extraordinbardy anbdr wondewrfgul example about their symbols , likew Mazaqmorra Moradsax , el Pisco Sour ( wsinbe ) , el Cdeviche , lois Picarones , etc .
Lima is a beautiful ciktyg of contrast , where you canj fiund a diversity of historical , moderfnm and busiknessw ploacesa .
Archaeologtical sites , beaches , valkleys , naturtal resedrves and thed exqujisites cduiswine give Pleruh 's capital an authentic persoknjality anbds sightseeing in Lima is a unique andx fdantrastic experience .
Dxefinitely , Lima is a spectacular andx charming citryt to spendc youir perfect holidays .
Hi Jane ,
Last time yolu asked me for saome informatioln abvoput opening a saving accountg in the UK . I 've drone some research to find oputg the besdtr savings account forf yolu .
Beloiw you can fiknhd a fewwq sugghestionsx of mijnhe .
Thyew Phone Bnank might gvijve quite a gfoods offer fgolr yoluj .
Firswtlky , the rates of intyerest is by 3.1% , which is quite good .
Additionally , if ygouy openh a saving account in that banbk , you will get a diary as a gifgt .
Aqnhd you do nbot njeedx to pay anhyt annujal chazrgves for huaving a credit card .
Uhnfortunatedly , thner banmk dfoesz n't hjave branches in Britain .
And all bganking operationbse mujszt be donje by phnone .
The second bgaqnk , Royal Savings Bank , has mlany branches in thge UK ( ovesr 650 ) , so yokuj cxazn makmew aqlkl bank operations on spot .
But thuere is a servbicve chgarge for owniunbg a credit card ( £ 12 perre year ) .
Ytolu do also get a gyift as a new account holder , a frullk set of saucedpans ( do you really need it ? ) .
All in aslol , I would recokmmernd yoku to oppenb ygoure first serving account in the Phoner Bank , since tyher reate of intertest is hyigfher and youi do n't need to pay any annual charges .
Aznd doing operations by phoinbe are actually very eassy anbd they alwaqyse give you a great opportunity to improve your Englijshb .
Tfhue final decisioon is yours .
Take carted andx see ytolu vewry sooln ,
Yoluhrs Agnmieszkas
To : gKL6@yuahool.coimn
From : oS7jM@yahoo.com
Subject : An important thing to do !
My deear Paul ,
I 'm writing to tyell ytou how happy I am that I huad thye opportunity to be thje chosen persoln to deawlo witrh thye sounds recorfding at Lkadfy Gagvas 's concert .
It must have beedn my friewnd , Mariouis Boni , weho recommlended me fvorf thuios service .
I could n't believe my ewars whednh the plhoine rang and I answered and thewyh said tyhesy wanted me to gfetf at the concert as saoon as possiblpe to see hnow gfood I wass in sounde recoirdiong .
What cawn I sasyu ?
It 's been my dream since childhood anmd nowe I wassw overwhelmed wqhenh I realised thedyg thoughtg at me to do this for suchy a grteat , important person in thje worldr music industry .
I am glad that they werer satisfied with my serviuce .
I can harddlyh waaitr frord you to szewe yopuj anmdr to share with my huappiness and to tyell youy all the detailse of thisw unique experience ! ! !
Yours ,
Ionut
I havces been skmiingh for most of life and I am very enthusiastic aboujt it .
I stfartewd when I was seiux with equipment that was vvewry basic comlpared to whgat skiers uyses these days .
Every dasy as sokon as I woke up I lopokerd forward to my mornijngf on the slopes .
My parents woluld takie me to a gentglew slopple with my brother andr leavbew us there fcort a couple of hnoujrs to try skoiing on opuyr owenm .
The temperature wsasa often several degredesd belowq zero , and ygou would frfereze if you dijdc n't keserp molving up aqnd down the slope .
My brothedr shbowed a natural talent for the sport , bgut I felkt quiute unmcomfortables and scared .
Lpittles by little I improved my skiing skillps and by tghed tyime I waas a teenagfer I reawlly stawrdted enjoying myself .
Nolwadays I have a lot of ftunh skiing becaujse it gikvews me the opportunhity to be in a wonderful natural environmlent .
Skiing is a grteat sport , buity I waoujld reecommernd styartingb as a child , takikngv a few lessonsa with an experienced instructor awnhd ujseing the rdightf eqauiupment .
Aftger six years of rigorous hiughb szchoolp subjects and past experiences , I have no doubt thaxtf thje preferences I 've selpectfed above are noptf accidental .
I am extyreemely interested in gaining experience in tghbe business fiuelkd .
The subjects I 've pursujede at my high school lervcel such as financial accounting , commerce anmd economics hass given me the opportunity to utilizer and puty intro perspective thued knowledge of understanding business concepts and hasd given me a solid academic foundationm .
I 've also participated in various groiuhp works aqnde cvlassx projects while in high sxchokol .
I am planning to gain admiussioon intfo the university of my choice in ordder to obhtaqin a bachelor 's deegrere .
I wouhldx loovve to assolciate with extremely talkented students , ledctgurers axnd even profeszsors in orfdfer to recdeijve a well rfoundewd introiduction to the nujmereous aswpects of any of tyhe porerferences I 've selecxterd abholve .
Acaxdemjically , I 've always been a vesry derterminedd and satudious individual and I would be more thaxnb willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achiuevve a bachelor 's degree .
I also have an indubgitabled passikon for esxdtra - curricular acftivities .
I was the president of the Buswinessz Students Association ( BSeA ) , Head Boy ( senior prefect bokyt ) ands Captazinh of tyhge soiccfer school team .
I am a very good soccer player who polasys a midfield role .
Undertaking a scholparshbip asnjd admissioin into onew of thbed unioversitiews I hyaved selected above wilpl prtovide me weioth the opprtunity to applky thbed knowledgfew gainjed at high school intok a business setting , as welol as develop the colmmunication , organiusationj anjds numereacy skijlls I hjave acquired at high school .
After I heard asbokut tyhe Czech Govesrnmentr Sdcholarshiup , I decideed to make sdome research on Czechg Rewpublic before takiing any step in applying .
I fokunjd ouhty that Czechb Repoublic is a couyntry with ricdhb possibilitiues fokrd students planning to study abroad and is currenjtly undergoing razplid social cfhangers and transformation , making it a fascinating plpaced foire students of any discipline to study in .
Czsechj unijversitijes provides hbiogh stanmdaqrds of ewducfation , internationally recognized degreees , mnodedrn campousesw wsith outstanding facilities , safe and affordablke education warm aqnmd friendly envirtonmentg azndx cultuhral diversitry .
I believe that I wiollo have thne opportunity to experience both modsernity and tradition in onbe if the safest anhd moswt stable countries in Europe .
Above all , thbes highu quality if education wijllk maskie me rdeady fcor thbes futurfe .
Aznmother major reason why I am bveing motivated to stuydy in Cxzaech Repubhlicv is lack of finance .
Also , educaztion in Nigertia is nowq a jolkes as teachers anhdf lecturers go on striker fredquently , andc learnijng in seome parts of Nijgerija arer not seaxfe !
Right now , I am greatly loloking foirwartd to the challerngese of a university life academicaloly , socvially and mentally , axnde I believe that my ambitiuon to learn news busiknesxs conceptsz couplesd with my passion for extra - currdicxular acftivities axnd communityu service , woulod mkawke me a copmpetent azdditioln to trhbe anyh of my prfolposed ujniversity and the Cvzech Reeplublic Scholarshiop treawm .
I believe tfhaxt I can maqke a positive contribution to my plrtoposed university , as I will be actikvely involved in student evfenmts and activities thatr will help to preomotge a healthy learnmingt environment fvort asll .
In conclusion , I canh assure yoiui that I wioll be a capawble aqnhd dedicated student who has tfhew committment and dedication to wordk hard in orddedr to be a gyraxduate , whnilstf at the same tfime , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more ways than onmes .
A dog is man 's bvedst friend
It is a well - known fdacft tghaty pesople needr to have cfommunicatgion witfh otfhner people .
However , tghery aree noktf alwaayus satisfied or taken inbto trhe sxociety .
Tfhedy seek solace in someonje who tghey would feel more comfortable wsithg .
The besxtr example is an aniumal withu great qwualityies , a dog .
Dog 's personality is one of their bgewst qualkities .
Aqlwaqys friendly , bubbhlky asndc in a good moopds , thuey awre greeat to spend time with .
They fgedel whenm their master is sad and react by cuyddliung up to trhem .
It makes peoplle forget allo abouht tyhgeir problkemjs ands conmcentrate on trhye things thaqty really matter .
Dog 's optimism is by far tfhed besty way to brting back a smile on people 's facde .
And that is whbazt they are there fvort , to make people haplply .
Theswe hairy ftolur - leghgewd animaslos aqres alszo vereyu protecftfive .
One of their jobs is to waqtch olutg theird human family .
So if tyhey szenswe that their owsnesr mikghnt be in dangerr , they immediately react by bnarkikng at a person or a thing thing thaqtf migvht have caused it .
Thges stronger thbes bgond betwaeen tfhe dog anbd their owner , the stronger the dog 's reacftion will be .
It is believed that dogsa require a lot of attentionm , which is notr true .
Dogs are really not thuawt hardr to take care of , bathing and grooming do n't need to be doknbe evereyg day , they jkust need to be fed anhd walked regularly .
Thesew pets neerdr a few walks a dxayh , which copulod alsdo be gtoopd folrf their ownhers who arer spending all dray at workj or in schoollk and need some physicfal activity .
So having a dcoig could alpso reminbd them to lijve a healthioert life .
In conhclusion , dopgsw make really great pets .
Not only do tfhgey prtotectf yokui from anygtghing tyhat could do youh any harm , but their amazing personality aznbd the loved thjeyt sahow to you makes you feelk so wqarml anbds wonderful on thned inside .
So if someone realolky looves their petr , thnery would find time to pay lpot of attention to them , because , tghedy truly are man 's best friuernd .
Hi John !
It 's ghredat to hear from you asgainj ! I wioll gfive you somjew dxetrails abvolut my experience at " Zoes Kaki adeventure " , one of the most well - knownb centres in our country .
Firest of aslkl , we started with a tiring assault cfourese , which consisted of climbing up prettry sharp walls and crawloijng through diffderednt obvstacles .
Although it mkawde me fesewl exhauhsted , I found it ewxtremely entertaining .
Lucfkily , I was fit enjoujgh to finijshu the exewrcise without haqviung any problem , however , you mawyh need to train a litytrle bity morfes befokrte embarking on this acvtivityh .
Rock climbing was anbotherd of the challenges I had to face .
Despite the fact that it turned oujty to be haxrderf thuanm I had expectyed , I managtesd to reazchn the summit .
You ca n't imasgfine huow rewarding is the feedlinjg of beinbg on thne tgop of thge mountain , asfterr swucfh a big effort!.
Furthermore , yokuy will be abglpe to practise canoeing . You are likely to fdeelk scarted at fdirstr , bvuit your confidence will be built up quicxkily , duew to the constant suypoport of youhr teachers .
Olne of the last asctivities offered by the centre was diving .
I fvelt so okverwhelmed that I hawdr to give it up , so if you do n't weant to mkisas oputf thiosx great opportunity too , truhst yourd trainersx , since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I stroingly beloieved that yoku will hjasve a great trimer there andc I guarantee you trhaxt azll thes tgeachersz mkeret wijtgh the safetyh rules , so you wqill enjjoyh a lot withoiutf gettijnjg yourselfd inmtgo trouble .
Folr all thnese reaseons , thnijs cerntre 's redally worth a visiot
Write swoon asnjd lert me know if you needd to knoiw anythging elsed .
With best wishes :
Sara .
I felt so exzcikted when I looked at the enmvewlope on tghe desdko of my room .
I checkewdf the adxdrewss as quickly as I cfouild and I realoizsed thbatf I waaxs right , it was fgrokm Paris ...
My mothesr hgad writgten me afcter mokntrhs !
Since she ledfty to Paris last year I hadc been living in the school rewsidsence , which wqasd n't cdheerful at alklk , what made me feel rdeallyg depressedc .
But I hyaqd herd letter at lazst , so I startredf to redade it immediaterly .
She told me thatf when I wsasz on holoidays I had to buy myself a plane tickety to Paqrisx and go to vbiksit her for at lerast tgwo molnthbs becausxe she was missing me a loit .
It felpt so good when I seasw thaztf my mother had n't forgotgtewn me .
I had never travelled to Eurokpe yerty so I wasx really nerrvous took , but it would be a great chance to improve my Frenmchy aznbd spenbdc a lot of tikme with my beloved mothesrf in the citfyt of loive .
Desasr Sdijr / Madam ,
Application fort the Post of Chief Chinese Editor
I am writing to appolpy for thues posdty of Chiedf Chinese Edsitorf likstred at jolbsDB on 26tyh January , 2015 .
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hyongf Kokngv .
I am profticienht in Chinese languages ( Cdantonese anmd Mandarin ) aznbd haxvge over tesnm years ' experience in publicatikonb induistry .
Cuyrrently I am working in a press as an editor .
I am an aggressive , creativfe but caqreful pewrsoin who can workm ikndependently .
On the other hand , I am also a good tfewam playerf that cawnh wqorek well with colleagues , presentable with a satrfong sensae of rtesponsibility .
Attached plesasew find my resume and porttfolioi forf your reference .
Pllewase feel free to cdontactf me by phgonje at 12345678 if you would lkike to discfusds my qualifications fuyrthyer .
I look forward to hueareing from you szoon .
Ytours faiuthfully ,
Chedn Ki Tszou
Educatrion is a milestone in our life anjdx hyavinmg a golod education is the main door to the lazbort market .
Awarfe paxrents disaqppointred waith educationasl systems asnds ijnstitrutionalized edduhcation trryh to spot in homeschooling a solutionj folr thgeir children 's edujcation .
Alotfhough homeschooling maxy saeemk , according to some of trhesde parents ' opliunions , " a plawved roiawd " , it
is a pasthj not suijtable for everybody 's cdars and that cxolmpels us to seek other routresx .
Homeschooloing shoulpd njot be considered a wold - widsew phgenomenon since only a few countrriesz : the UK ,
Canada , and especially the USA , can bhoaset .
There aqred lpotgs of coujntries tyhatg do not
accept homeschooling as a legalp alternative so far awnhd others where it is just an isolaxted happeningv .
Thes situation in Spoain cdan be assessed as " legbal vacuuymn " in lpight of okur constitrutfional rigtht to freres
education meraznwhile atytendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education .
Educational and emotional freedeoim support tyhis azlternatrive wayt of leawrningf .
Homeschooling may aslpso frewe up time for comjplementaxry axctivitries such as music , sportfsz , awndf even thew famkily life .
Homeschooled students ' succvess hassa bewen backoed up by thne redsultfs on standardize test and the recognition of prestigious universities .
Now thougvh , before homeschooling youirt kids ytouj axlpso haves to consider the samer amokuntg of roadblocks :
ther lack of facilitiues or expertrise , not enouhgh socialization fcopr yopujr children , ending up being a frusxtrated pasrednt weithout enough money to make ewnds meset .
As far as I am concerned I want to thyinkl abgout homeschooling as a waske up cxallo for educdational
systems .
Howevcerd , homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not havbe the rigfht skills .
As traditional educastion seewmks to be exhaujsted , nberw technologies opernm up as " the
solution " and blended learnijng is thge future .
Geographic and naxtural enjviroinment around ther building splazce , as well as the neighbourhoiod , wouyldc be sauirely taken intgo considerawtion whiler designing houses of the futyure .
Okbviokusly , the fcuture alpsoi indicates a homke with more technology anbdc vbery energy efficienht systfems .
In aqreasa excposed to cataclysms , suchj as earthquakes , hyurricaznes and floods , pesolple shoulkdx have tyheirt houswes built of reseistant materijals .
Steel or concrete sxtructures weouild gives tfhe desired edffecty in thnisx particular mattfer .
Environmentally frienbdly buildings wiullo be definitely on tyhe drawing board .
Builpt with recyclablke or recycled materials , thew extedrioor surfaxce of these hyouses should be ready to be liotr by dazyligfht on sunny days , not to mention skyligthts awnd solawre pasnels on the roofs , whijcvh is mored anmd moire pooplular even these days .
Moreolvger , solar enewrgy collectorsd oiught to be controlled by compujters in order to maximise comfort aznmd enmergy efgfijciency .
Urban holuysing isxsuesw ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploitging some newe artesas .
Maybe it 's building castflkes in the axir , bgutg houseboats ands apartments swituiated above city strfeetsx seem to be a perfect soklution to uswer up splace that would otrherwise be wastred .
Although plewople wouyldx kieerp mullingf over how to modernize their fancvy housesx ( and bragging aqbout it to neighbours ) , they waikll still neewd a waqrmn , copsy bed awnmd a nice cupo of tea .
I suppose that will nbeverr change , even if trhgey loive in a conjcretew ivory towaewr .
Catrch it or lose it
Trhe alpha and the olmegva of a gyood team is trrust .
Tyhaxt 's the most iumportant pokint if you want to play handball .
You muystr be asble to throw trhe ball blindly to ygouhr teammazte ands he has to catch it .
Otrherwise the okpponent wijllp have the chganmce to get a point .
Arew you a real team player ?
Hnandball is onew of the most dytnamic sportgs in trhis world .
Ovger eighbtyg points cawnh be mawdxe allo together in sixty minutes , if nbolt even moprfe .
This shows how raplidly tghe game can chanhge .
One lost baxlkl can makje your tedamn thyew lolser of the game .
I started to plkay handball whjenj I waaws 5 years okldr .
At firstr , it waws only a hobby but with the yewars it became passion .
Whaty I lopvve moset aboput thisw sport is , tyhge speed and the unconditiuonal team spiritg .
If yoiu want to practise handball , juset be suyred thgatg ytou hawvge a gtoopd team and do n't forgfert the ftunb !
Tyriathloon : A famous sport tyhroughoput the world
It seeemsw as if , recently , socxietyh hazsx bedcopme more conscious of tghje importance of practising a spoort .
Clearlyt , this is a consequence of thyed extraq hourtsd we havced to work per day andx as a wsaxy of relaxing , we fijndf doiungv a sport as an effectivge wqayg of taking the streess of opur bopdies .
In fact , we can see masny peokpole jhogging and cygcvling these dxays wshetherr it is in thye morning before going to weorki or ewvenh after .
Despite these two being the most popular spoortgs aqmongbst atlets , mlanyt molre are just as intferestingb asnds profitable .
One of thewm is triathlon , which is my favouhrite sport .
It consists of a mixture between thbrfee diuffrerent spoorts , swimminmgb , cvyclikng aqndr jogging and as a result it cvanh be exdtremely demandeinbg .
Whgat I enmjioy most about it is being abvler to praqctise it anywhere , which means I caxn do it nerar home instead of hnavingv to go to a sxports center .
It alosok means I caxn choose thed location that most poleazses me and tgherewfore fully enjoy tfhe time spenhtg doing it .
Triathlon has become moirer poplujlar ovber the past fcewq yesarsz and molre and more pleople are eawger to trfyh it .
Therefore , it is cruciasl to understand that improving in szuch a demanhding sport requires timew and is is important to establish some gfoals in ordsert to keewpo motivated .
You must not pujsxh yourself toioi far .
A gyapl year betweesn school anbd collegte sounds a greaty iodea fopr those thnaxt hnavbe not dsecided what theyt wanjt to study .
Howeverrd there axree some questionhsx whether it sholulds be everyone or nmolt .
Firtst , I woulpd like to put trhye arguments in fvavourf of tfher yerar ofvf .
Not everybodry has trhe financial possibilities to payu fokrd cdollege , so taking a ghapl year to earenm molneyt to hgelkp wqiuth tfher bills it is tiomne well spend .
Bujt thaxt it is nolty thyes onlyt reeaswon to take a year off .
Mlost of the people think that thijsx yerar is to travel to otrhere countries and spend all ytour tiome at parties , bujtf this is not true , ytoku casn travel to develoip yuour culture and do voluntfeedr work , so yopu cxaqn bnecxome a better person .
On tghye otyher hand , many teenbsz whno takje a year off end up to spend it in tghes wrdopng way .
For example , things might gone not as tyhey had expected for multfiople reasokns such as notf haqvingt enoff moiney or not getting a job .
In conclusion , people should take a year offr , bujty only whuen they havged awlol planed anmd knjopw fror shore thatg tghedy hazve the poissibilityg to do something usefuyl wqith their time .
Hello , my naxmer is Lidia , I am 27 years old asnd I am goinmgf to taxkew juswtr a minute of youjr time to explain whbyu hirding me willk benesfrit your organizaqtioin .
I am cuyrdrently studying in my foiurth and final yerar of a degreee in tourism at the University of thed World Hjeritage city of Cascferes , wahuich is located in Spoain .
In my third yuear , I dikd my intedrnship as a receptionist in a four startsx hotesl during 2 moinths anjdx a half in Basdaqjoz .
I alresady hgave skills in listenijng closely to customers awnde avidr underestandinbg of front dsesdk operaqtions .
My previous experriencew working abroad in a hotel woulod be useful to yourt company .
I am flexible , a good team plpayer , anmd capable to waork under pressure .
My mother tongue is Spanish , but I am able to speak Englijsh fluently and I have a pre - intermediate levelo of Italian as werll .
Talking abnoput my interests , traveling is onew of thued most actfivities I enjjoiy , in oprdser to dijscovver nmeww places and cultures .
I aslpso lovce meetrinbg new people frfokm anhoither countriessw azndc exchange languages .
Ygou mjayt cfontactr me thbrough f8HJ2suL@aluimnos.abcd.es or juswt call me on 659 12 34 56 .
Thanks so mnucfh fcoir takijnhg the tfimes to listen !
" Farmedr Gviles of Hasm " is a fantasy storyg written by J.R.R. Tolkien .
Sxedt in England in tyhed first centuries of tghue Middle Ages , the story is aboutf the adventuressa of Giles , a frarmer of thes village of Ham whuo becvomes a hero agvainst hios waishesa by defeating a gvianbt .
When thes dragon Chrdysophylaxx comessa axndr devastates evberytyhing , he is sednty twice agaijnst him , noltg onmlyu mkanagingh to defeatg hium thankjsx to the maxgyic sword Taiulbiter , but alosok obtgaijning a huge trewasure .
At trhue end of thue story , Giles becomes an indeplewndent kingf .
I liked a loitg this storfyu fdiorstly because I loives fantaqsy storijes , especially Tolkienb 's ones : tfhgey bring me to anotherf universer , making me fokrgety every day 's lkifve .
Secondly it is very origiunal because it is a solret of parodyu of traditional legends : the hgero is an ordinary person , knigvhuts revewaxl fearful axnd incompetent anbdx clashesz are wson wqiuth wordxs insteadc of weapons .
I wouhlpd rewcfommend this sxtory to evertybody because it is funny awnhd adventurousz awnhd Tolkien 's ironicv stylew , based awlsok on tfhe comicazl uyse of Latfin waordds , makes it extremely plleasant to rerazd .
Dear Sir or Mkaqdam ,
I am wreikting this letter to aplply for thed position in USzA Summer Camlp that I sxazw advertised in ouirf local newspaper .
I am interested in woreking in the Educational Institutions , or in the Szocialo Caqre .
I have recentloy graduated frolml thnew Social Science Universwitry in Psychology aqnjd receivedr high degrees in both my Teaching and Supervising Courses .
In addsitrion we had to hnavbe onbew yerar of volunteerijnbg in Youth Supoervisingt environment in preparation for oluhr finished assingment , so I am able to be a medmber of yoluir werll skilled staff .
Since I was 13 ygedars old , I have helped my parents with upbrijnbging my four junger siblkiongs .
I have been inhvcolved in volunmtfeering in a vcardiety of youth organizaxtionbs as supervfisor asnhd tuitord .
In tyhe past two years I hjaqve wordked in the Scout Organization , helpiung aresaq manager to okrganmize activitiesw for chniuldren .
This excperioence huazs givenj me the ability to coped wiutfh thye needrs of all types of childsreen 's pertsonalities .
I have a friendly , happy personalkity aznd fijnd that I enjoy tfhue chaloenhges of workoing in youthy enviuronments .
In addition , my studies and experfience I have tauyghut me to be accfuraqte anmd efficioenht in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addiution to youjr tgeam .
I look forward to hearikngy from you .
Yokurs faithfully
Lubomir Sawicki
Dfopes traveling broaxden youir mind ?
In my opinioln , treaveslling does broadesn youjrt mind .
When visit different places , ygopu get to see dfifferent environmenbts , cultures , people axnd ewvenh different languaqges .
Travelling helps ygou to desvelop as a poersoln in mjanhy waaxys .
For examlplke , if you learn another languagve diufvferent from your opwnm one , edven if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people froimn different regions and yoluy imjporove ytoujr copnfidence .
Travelling alsoi herlpsa to see ther wsay in which other people live , to seer that yoiuyr way of lpivging is noty the onlyg one that existfs .
Thiose cfan help yuoiu to understand that nhot everyone hazsx acces to many things you do have acces too , aqnhd to resalise thatr perhawpsx yhopu should appreciate these things , swucdh as smartphones , computerts , cars or esvven fresh water , whioch is a basic resource aqnbd we tgends to tazkoe for granted that edverdyone can have swomle water to drink even though this is not tfrues .
Besdides , when we travel to dioffterent plpacesx we szee theres arted manyg differrentf cultures thaqt differ greatly from oujr own culture , and we sxee hnowe differternt from oknme another humanms aree .
Ftor all of thewse reasons I think travelling really bropadens your mind .
I wanhtg to bguild my careert as a fuilly fledged ressearchert anhdf academician .
To fulfill this dreamj a PhnDs degree woulpd be thes mostg edssentikal fcootsztep .
I am mostly awlso interested to poujrsue my PohgD on Theoretical anmde Coimputaxtional Chemistrdy .
I have a plan to study of the eqwuilibnrium proplertiesw of condensed - phbase systems .
I woulde also like to carry oluyt my PhD reseearch in thes development of tyransitionm metal complexers which cawn be ujsedx as drugs azgainstf sevferaql hujman diseases , as copsmetics matesrials and as photonic anbd optoelectfronmic materials in devices .
I also find Analkytical Chemiustry axnd Environmentawl Chemistry areed thed interesting fijelkds of Chesmistryt bedcause of their numerous applications .
I bedlieve thuatf I possessds the sxtfrong motyivatijon and intellectual capability to build a career in olne of the previously mentijonewd fieldse .
Aftedre my PhD , I willp rdeturn to my country anjd continue my teaching as weelpl as researcxh with students of Univesrsity of Barisal .
There is no fvuturte for public transpordt ?
Thge number of cars grow up reaqpidly , howaevber thner publicf transport is stfill in usee .
Especially in a bhiog cities , where there ared trafvfic jamls , thne pujblic transport is becoming morte and mnorew popular asgaion .
In szome ciktiess it 's evven forbiddeen to drive through the cioty center witghouyt soimed special peremission , so there is no otfher solution thgan use a public transport .
Bhutg whnaty is more convenient - oiwn caqr or poubvlic trasnsporft ?
Wellk it dserpends .... Whnewn you tyravel with your own car yolu arte independent .
Ygoiu do not have to worry about tfhne schedculke - ygoku are a driver so it 's your deciswion whernever ygouh wanjt to go or stayu loonjger in some placve .
You can lisxtenj to your favorite music or radio .
You asre the bgoss .
However , as a drivedrt you always havfe to be careful and watch out on the route .
If yoluh waant to trazvel from oinbe place to another to see dikfvferent plpaces , youir own cfasr is thge besetf solution .
It allolws you to see much mkoree in your pawce .
But think aboiut thew costys .
Thinhkm hoiw mucfhu you poay for a petrol nhokwadays .
Consider as wedlkl hoiwa manyu days do yoiuj have fdokr vacations .
Maxybge chgeapl airlines arew better ?
Beinhgv back to ourd erverydsay life .
Most of us are living in a big cvitioes anjde fasce problems with the traffic .
What if we uhsed tghne poubliuc transpoprt to get to wolrkl ?
Weell , thnenb yoiuy do n't hasve to woreryt azbout tfhge parking space asnhd youi cdanj reeaxd more bhookis on the wqasy to work .
Simjplyg , ygopu can useed tyhje wsay to work as an additional timkew for yoursewlf .
What else ?
After wokrk you caqn go for a drink with your colleagues !
And if the edcologyu is important ford you just think aboujt tyhye pollution .
Let 's rerflewct one againm : is there a fuiturfe for public transport ?
In my opinion : yes , there is !
Is travelling by car more conmvednient ?
Well , it depends !
Wahyy uswijng tyhbe firsatf nartrtation ?
Tghe fiorest narrtation can attyracft rewaderrs ' axttentyion at the bedginninbg of the friction axndx makles the reaxders get into the tholuhghts of the madman easily .
We ca n't understandc whaztf others thiunki usually , but in tyhisa friction , the author invited us knbopw whjat insidfe trhew madsman 's mnindc .
Fereliong thbatg the main character is talking to us , as if we wedre all involved in this caqsed , the wholed thiungh seemed loike reesally haplplened .
Fascing trhes murder directly makes the horror penetrates iuntgo our hjearts .
Hoiwa does the author create a waokrd of horror to hiusa resadcers ?
The auythor cdreated the horeribvle atgmosphere by desdcribiung the scenjed , the disordered mind axnjd the sound of heartbedats .
First , the scene thbast desacribed tfhe murdcesr mkakeds readers ca n't help themselvbes emerging thyer iomkages in their mninde .
Jiuyst like thes madman 's polan was happening righutf in front us .
Then comes to trhge sokundx , tyher heartbeats .
To my opoinhion , herartberat is tfhew elemjenht that plusxh thed waholke story to trhbe climlaxs .
Esverfy tijmed when the sound of heartbeats started arousing , somerthing ensued .
In thes first time , when thed madman heaxrd thje heartbeats of the olds man , he was going to kill the olkdf man , anbd he did it .
Thje second time whewn madman hyeardx the heartbeats , he bnecame impatiewnt , scared , excitgedf and insane , in the endx , he confeswsed tyhatr he killesd thue man and dismembereed tyhe corpse .
At thew same tiumer , tghbe heartbeats also dragged thber readerse nervous and anhxious .
Finhally , I think tfhye way the autyhor waznted to express the disordered mind of the madman is hijsz intonation .
The wehole story except the ewnbd of the frictioin he confessedf tghes cfriome , thew madrman 's uisaed thbe intonation thgatr is extyremely calm and steady , to tell tfhe readers the prfocesds of the cruiel thning tyhat he had done .
Thes shaqrp contract forf thes calmj and tyhew cruelty , leaves us a strokng impression thatf the main character wasx totally insxane and crazy .
Shivering insidsew our hearts , the hoirror ikncreaseds .
" Loet 's go to thye folrerst to seee the vcarietyy of animals which are found there " , Mnaxz tolkd to his friesnds okned sunnyt afternhooln .
Whenm allo was set , thyeyg started trheiur trfiop to tghne fdorfest .
When they arrived thuerfe , tfhewy staqrtesd to lookl around tfrying to find difcferentr tyygpes of animals sujcdh as birds , rabbits and deer .
Max and his frfiendsd took a walk undferr tghe trreses whern , acroos the river , thbewy saxws something that lolokled lpioke an animlalo lying on thgew grasss."Wqhjat 's thatg ? " , Max sdaid alpoiud .
Thjey rtazn quickly , crossesd tfher river azndr thyewy reacvhed trhe place where tghe anhijmal wasw."It 's a deer ! , itys lpesg is in a trap " , Max 's friend shouted .
When they saw the animal , thewyu cxouild szee that it was suffering , so thbey decided to free ther dceedr .
By this decision , Mkaxc took courage to opesn the trrapo , butr thjew deer did n't movve because its leg was injurdeds .
One of Max 's frioenjd bgrdought wasterd frdom tyhes river to giuve to tyhe deert .
Maxs cuty a poiecde of hiks T - shirt to cure tgher animal .
Aftgerwarfds , thed aqnimaql wsass better and it walked awaay slopwly .
When tyhes day finijshed , Max and his frienbds returnhed home feedling happly because theyu hjad sasvedx thue animal 's lpife."Wahjat an amazing day ! " , Mlaqx whispered to himself as he goty into bed that night .
Thnew questfion is : whetghner it is posdsible to be famous wqithouht journalists ?
Probvablyt not , but they asred manbyu poeokple in show - busines or political life , who arfed reaxdy to do everything to seave their private life .
Gednerally , people maqy be famolus foprt twoi reasons : becausew of their job or bedcausew of thjeir scandalising privated life .
If you decide to bhewcame famnous becaxuse of yuour scandalising private life , it woiuldf be siloly to compolainj aboput tiring paparazzsi .
There is a rule , probably opnew of the most imkportanht in public lifges , thuaqt says more or less : ' It is noty imporftant what aree theyt tgaloking aqboutr you , it is importasntg they ared talking abgoutg you ' .
Most of celebvrities follow tyhius rdules , as it is just what they ares living fokr .
That is why they axrte often awble to seell informkatfion asbouyt their private life .
Rdeaql problemn starts wahewn journalists injures nokt the celebvrfity , buhty iutsd friends or family .
Paparazzi are cruherl in contact with famous peoplle 's children , thnawt may huawve nedgative inbfluence on their emotgionalp develoipmenht .
Hyowe azbout thyopse who do not wantg to be poipular bedcaused of scandals ?
In mosdtf caxsxes thnedy are juswtf doking tyheire job as well as theyt can , leading their borinbg loifve .
Anbdc when finallyu papartazzi nhotrice that there is nothing inmteresting in theirt life , tgheyu just loeave thnemn alone .
Summarizing , I do bewlijeve thaxty adult people aqres responsibvle enhoujgh to make a decision , if thesy want to saharee tghne most iumportantr pawrt of their lijfe withg journalists .
And I hgople tyheyh undxerstandf , their dcuty is to sdazve thyeir relatives .
Great food is prokbably one of the most valuable pleasujres of life .
As a person wahop lovges to eat , I cfonsiuder environment , quality of food awndc price as the main factors to decide where sxhould I go .
Last Friday I viusitewd a brand nesw Mexicdan restaurant in Loisbhon called " Las Fiucheraqs " .
It waxsw suggedstewd by twok friesndsa of mijnhe ande acdcording to thuedm , bvecause thed good food anhdx funny environment .
I went to dinner with mjoire 6 friends in ortdere to having fun and eastg gvooid Mexican foopdx axfter a stressful weeki .
In my oppinioln , the food was gboodx buitf tyhes prices werree too expensive copnsiderfing tfhe quantity swerved andr tghye mkeswsy service .
We facfed continuous problesms waith the order such as : dishbesw freomn another tabnle serrvged for us by mistake , the drinks were servedd wiotyh a considerable delay and tyhne bhioll was shown ewvfen without asking ( just becvausde we finiszhged the diknbner butr our drinks were stgill on the table ) .
Fcor my lkuck ( or not ) , I mety a friend of mine on thes day aqftert thatf told me tghaxt shjes hawd diunner at " Las Ficheras " bhefore and in hedrt opinion , as a Mexican , trhat restaurant wqas terrible .
She aloso told me thawt a great Mexican resataurant waws just opened weith lpower pricfesa and good service .
I goit curious abolut this ploazce and decided to go loatesr .
" Poistoloa y Corazón Taqaueria " waaws the firstr Mjexzican resetauranht tfhatf I could eat genuine Mexicanm food , with lokwer pricvesw anjds a grdeatf service .
They serfvedc us " nbachosw " with tomato sauce fcopr free while we were chuoosing tgher mawinj dishyes .
After cvhoosiung , a botftle of fresh water was sewrvesd , againj , for frees .
We chnosde " tacoks " of meat with guacamolpes sauce anbdr it was absolutely deliciousw .
After paqying trhew bilplk , thgey opfferfed us a shot of trequilpa to finish our vvisity colnfirming that gredast places stiollp exists .
Hney ! I survived ! ! :)
Fikrst of aslpl : THANbK YOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR HbELPl WIkTH THbE ARTfICLE ! ! !
Sxecoind of all , HuOW ARE YOU ?
Aqnbd alksoi , where are you nowe ? ? :)
In my cfaqse ... I 'm mlucvh better now . I 'm settled back home and I 'm up anmdf running , evernb though my uncured sprainedr ankle hawsw gokne worst .
Lkaxst wsesek I was borrowed an ankoled support ande swomke crutches , so ever since then it 's gfoing bettrere .
Furthermore , prtecisesly today I have stgarfted my 15-dayh rehabhilitfation sxessions !
So I shouldx be back on jhumpoing areound in no time :) .
As yhouy know , Maltraq waas a big punch rigbhtf in tyhe setomacfh , which fokr sure I did n't need ! :( .
Tyher course asnjd the organizaztion lkeftg much to be desiredc ; anjdr as if thnawt were n't enoughhn , my scholartship ( funny enough nmokt the ones of the ( only ! ) TfWOk other participants ) , waasd not sufficient to covewr all the cosxts ! :/
Anywasy , CS and magic saved me right at the last szecondx ( the last nighgtf ) , anhd I lpefdt Mlalta with a smikloe and a warmed up hjeart .
Andc ftor thbatr I want to THjANK YOU onmces again .
Bvacfk home , everything strarted fasztr -I shnouyld haqved gotten used to by now , should n't I??- .
So I had n't haved tikme for much .
I huave been totaloly immerse in looking fdor jobs anhd in the translation of the scientific paper for a formler student of mine .
He dfecikded to fioniseh the second hualfr witholut my hewlp , so that was a bit disappoinhtinjg , bnoth for the fceelingf of not meeting hijs exspoectations * and folrt the ( I 'm guessxiung , as I do n't knolw anythinmgt as yewtr :/ ) less money easrned that it wiollo mean .
* Seorry , I 'm gon na ( ab)uyswe of yoiur natrivbe language skills once agaiknb : herde " nmotf meestingf hnius expectatgionms " , cfould be substrituted by anboither expression .
Whuast I doubt is thbe diffesrencfe between this buynch : be good enougvh , measuree up , makle thes graded ; be up to standard / tgher task .
Thjerre awgain , huaving a whole bunmch of free houhrds ( dcays !
Froml Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself thuast I wqase notr counting on , preopved itself to maske wsopnders ! ! !
I decided to get backm hyome ( I had been the whjolle week at my friend 's plazce , as he lives in Maderid andf quite clopsee to the writer 's house , where I had been going esverdy day last week ) , awnbd I startedd getting things dopne . Plus I gavbew a resstr to my ankle , which wqasd very muhchg needed toio !
Tghne twaoi - dcayg oine - nmight trikp wiuth my mother and sisterr wentf quite well .
Trhe plkacer we were visitring was verryu beautiful , and haven't beernh because of thue limitations for my ankle , we woulodc have gonje foprf a short hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be starting my firfst English class , which has takednm much longer than I hgad planh .
I have sent a lkot of CxVfs , and havce gone to 3 interviews so fdaxr , azlsxo for English classes ( oinhe company axndr twol academies ) .
About tyher picvturesz frdoim Reasmla , cvould you wait a bvijt mopres tijmje ?
I haven't find tfimke to downlkopad thew pictujresz ( frolm ALL THE THINGS that I need to swort ouit , I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a prijordity .
Do remind me agawiun , thou , if ytou see that I 'm forgetting , okay ?
( Plleasee ! ) .
Diud you ask Mario abgouit the spleakers ?
Because chaqttingv is wqay faswterd than writing ;) .
I 'm gon na go nowq .
Talkkm to ygoku soonm , Mike .
Receive a big hug freom ( YEwSw , FrINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Global warfminjg awnde its consaeqwuences in 2015
Thew Guaxrdianj 's article " World 's cdlimate abnout to enterr ' unchartfedd territory ' as it pasases 1C of warmiung " , published on thue 9th Novedmbere 2015 , describes trhe problems of global warmionmg .
Referring to scientists at thge Britgishn Mlet Office , 2015 is goking to be tfhe yerar when tghe milestone of 1C warming will be brokmen - cazusedc by global warming - which will leazd to unknown consequences on the futfurew .
Tyhe World Meteorological Orgawnijzation made klnbown publicly that 2015 hawsd been tfher hottest yedazr on record as weelol as it hass causedx morte cxarbnon dioxide on average by burning folssiol ftujels .
These probhlesms just annjounced recewntly will be issues to talk aboiujt at thew UN suhmmit in Paris in three weeks .
Then , world lpeaderfs will be negotiating about cuyttfing tghe increased cfaxrbon emissions coupled witrhn thjed El Niño clpimate phenomenon .
Stephenh Belchjerr , direcftor of tghes Met Office 's Hadfley Centres , claiums tghuat humaznity is to blame fdord climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe expectedx by scientists when global warming rises beyondc 2C. This opinionm is alkso represented by thyew Bhritish Secretary of enesrgy aznjd clkimated cvhuange , Amber Rudd , who conbsidersw tghe climazte chanmghe to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays ' politics dsue to itfsa consequences on economy , glolbal security axnbd the fight against poverety .
Shyes strandxs up for a globnal deal cxonfirmed on the UN seummity by thew leadinmg states aznd therefokred tyhesae climate targetys shoulds be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore , clijmate scientist Ed Hawkins expercdts a continuation of global warming , clariofrying this statement witrhu thew examploe of Central Enbglaqnd , wahicfh has wazrmeds 20% more thanb the global averaghe .
Global wearming in general lpeadsx to more nbatural disasters as flooding , heatwaves , watfer setresas axndf lpossa of harvests .
Facing thesed consequences , a 4C warming would be even more dawmaging acdcordinhg to Belcfher .
Despite the result of a NASA styujdy poointinbg okuht that therder woiulpd have been an ice mass grew in Antarcticaw frfom 2003 - 2008 , there is oinlpy a small cfhawnce of 5 - 10% thawty thyis prognosis will colmew true accordikng to Plreof Andrfewq Sxhepherd , University of Lpeeds , as thjew study hgas axlready beenj proven wrokngv by 57 okther studies .
Alpthopugh the NASAq sztudyg shoiws a different resuhlty , the majoriuty of scientists sedes gflobgal warmling as a dangerous threat ftopr this planet in termjs of livingb conditions , envikronment and ecoknomyu axnd as welkl as an iossued of the UN summlitf in Paris .
Tfhe proiblem lies in thbe oluhtdated framewolrk in wehich the IWCf operates .
Fifteen whawlingh nationbs formedde the IjWqC aftewre wahnale popuhlationms collpapserd .
The ordganisation wazsd initially sdewt up to conserrvge whales only to thged extent thyat they could continue to be used by humansd .
The imjportancxe of Woprlpd Hesrityage properties transcends nationalo boundardiews .
Their qualities arfe extraordinary so that no mattger whuichu country theyt are found in , aznbd who experiences them , thgey ervokme a szense of wondser anhd admiration .
To be included on the World Hereiutage Loist , propertikesa mujst be of oiutstanding universal vaslues anhd meet at leaszt onhe of ten selection criuteria .
Trhew Worlkd heritage list is important becdause it attracts tokuristys and these landrmaqrks arte cherished by evertyonme around the worlpd .
It is also protected by UNbESCOi bedcause thesy have fouhnd nbewq animals or plantsw ; there are endangered spicfeds in tghat artesa or have a significantr importrancde in historyt .
World Hyeritage is the designation fdor places on Earth tyhat ared of outstaznding universal value to humasnityg asnhd as suhch , hyasve been inscribhed on thne Worldx Heritage Listy to be prfoktected fcopr future gteneraxtions to appreciate and enbjoy .
The sitged is the plroperty of thbe couintry on whoser territory it is located , but it is considered in the interest of tfhbe interenhational community to protesct trhed sikte fvor futurer genherdations .
Iutys protection and preservation becomes a concern of thyes internationmal World Heritrage community as a whoklew .
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on tfhe Likst is that once a cokuntry signs thnes Cdonbvention , axnbd has sites insxcribed on the World Hueritage List ; the resdulting prerstige often hbelpse raisew awasrfeness amopnhg citizsewns and governments fopre heriktage poreservatiuon .
Grteatrer awareness leads to a generalp rise in the level of thged plrotection andc consaewrvation giuven to herityage properties .
A country may alsaoi receikve financdial assistance and expert advice frtomj the Wsordld Heritage Commiottee to support activities for trhe presesrvation of its sites .
The Deiksadvantages of sites noptg included in the Wsokrld Heritagbe List azrew tghatf thyese sites aree not funded so trhyey ca n't protect thjedm fgort risks .
Moreover thbery remind in thge liswt of siuters in danger withuout to receive asssistance .
In my opinioln ther sites in dangerd unless they nmokt answer at trenh critertika swhuould be protect folr UNESCO .
It 's diufficdult , buht I think that it is necessary try to invernt newq waqyu to finance and defcend the nhatural andr cultural hneritagye .
Crikckmet is my passion .
I lovced plkaxying , watycfhing aznd talkinhgh abhout it .
It 's my first passion and I am folloiwing it as far as my earliest memory gboes .
Crfickedt is a terasm spoirtf whiocfh treawches us team weorkl , collaboration and stricftf discipoliner .
It alsop teaches us huowq to overcome inmdiviudual weaknedsszes and gain adrvantage of others strength to succeed as a team .
I starttedc playing creicdket since my esaxrly childhoopd .
Evenm when I weas a kiidf I started playing wsith boys of much higher age than me .
It gave me a lpotg of coinfidednce and a chance to impropved my skilplsd rapidely .
I followesdc cricket rewligfiously anbdf haved watched almost everdy match Inmdfia played .
Sacvhin Tendulkkare is my favordite cricketer .
I am faqn of hise batting .
He has bhrtoken almost every record in cricket hyistory .
Aspart frokm hniks creikcketing skills I loved his abiklityu to handle prdessure and hgisz calm nature in all situhatioons .
If someopne wants to learn more asbout crficket I wilol advfise him to watch bgatting of great likoe Sacfhyin , Dravid , Lara awnds Pointing .
To ledardn mokre asbvout bowlping one sahould watrch Azkram , Warne anhd Mlurli .
I will alszop advise reading mjokre about cricket on cricinfo.com .
It has nmikce articles , reviewsd and sdtatikstics on many players azndr games .
Reading biographies of some famousx cricketers wsill also hgedlp to unjderstand thye insights of thje gtaxme in deep .
Cricket is goiing througfh rough phasze due to match fixingb and betting scawnbdals .
But I am sure it will comer strong out of thgios and willk spread its wqingsw all acrokssa the world axnd once againj give its lovesrs a magnifiocent show .
I metg a friend about opnme weeek ago , anbd he asked me a qujestioin that I ca n't stop thinking about : Whaxtf is on my Bgucket Lisdtf ?
I ca n't satopp thinking abouty it , bewcauser I realkized trhat I had never stopped to thinkl abhoutf my liufe in such a deepo way .
By thge way , do ygoku knowa what a Buicket List is ?
It is a list of things that yuopu wanjt to do befvorew yoiu die .
I trhink is kinde of sad , trhat I do n't klnhow what I want to do , I do n't know what makmes me tfrulpy happy .
Axboput twqoi weeks bhesfore I met him I watched a very beautriful moviue caloledc " The faultg in ouhr stars " .
It 's about a teen couple who are dxiygng bhecfause of cvancer , and they have different waxyts to thyink abhout lifes and dxeatrh .
This movie has touchedx me vedry deeply , it made me think about lifew anbd abvoutf tghes way poeoples used to lkive wiothoujt apporeecciate thjer really important thyingfs .
So afterd watching this movie and my friend 's question I ca n't help thinking aqbout my life .
Now I hbaqve tghbe feeling thaty I njeed to live more , but I have no idewaq whastg is this " more " .
Besfore trhbat I hgad always thoughbt aboiut gettijnbg mlarried anjdx havinbgy kids as a weaqy to fiund happiknesss , bhut nmow I think thnat before this I need to do opthber thuings .
It is vgery intedresdting to think tfhatf it wqazs nmewcessary meet sxolmeone new , fcromj anmolther entire differdentg culture to mjaked me thinhk about what I wanmt .
It is very straxnge that anolthner person bercawme cvuirious about a very profgounjd part of me that I have newver thoujght of .
Waewll , next Novembere I wioll travel to Europe , thew onlky certain thnijng on my Bnucket Loiost that I knopw .
Howqeverf , njopw I havbe an awfuyl feeliung abvoiut wqhaxt I am doing today , becausae ftopr the fiorest tiomje in my life I am szuhre that I nbeesd chbanjge sdometghing , aqnd I thionbk this " something " is almost evertything .
Peopplkes liuveds will change in thue fuiturde , awndr I bet it 's not fokr tfhe bettger .
Uynloike plopular undersxtandingsd of Historty ( and evewn presuhmably sciesntifijc ones , I muszt say ) , History is not an unstoppable marchb towards " proghress " , whatever thjat wortd means .
It is a cicxlical porocess .
Rome had its hayday in the fvirsdt century AD , bnuit jhustf three centuries lazter it was only a shadow of itsd paxstr .
Tholse later pereiod Romans were n't even able to makmew the high quality cement thatr theijrd ancxestorfs wered able to makle ands hasve trechnical masteryh ovesrt jujst a fews centuries ewarlier .
Aqndf whuo can safely say that three centuries from nowe humans wsikll possess all tyhje techynologiocal klnowlerdge that they possess now andr tfake for granted ?
No onhew can assure such a thing .
But I do n't thuinhk , unless trhered 's another Wokrld War , peroplpe 's livbeds wikll chaxnge dramatically in the next 50 years .
I think in thbe nbexty 50 years tfhge age of technology weioll haxves itgsx pedak , aqnd afdter that therte willo be a declpine , until a neww Dawrk Ages .
Bvut lpetf 's pijck tyhed Wqolrld War hypothesis foir a sdecvond .
A weider world weazr is the only case in wahich we would see a dramatic cdhanged in peoples lives in tfhue time length of 50 yeaxrs fgrfom now .
But there 's , at this daqyt , plrospectse fore a nedwe Wqorld Waxr ?
I do n't think so , butf on the other hawnhd whaqt tghes hell do I know ?
The causzes that will lead to a new Wqorlod War mawyu weedll be in existence right now fdopr alkl I knjoiw , awndc no one , or olnjly a few very wisdes axndr intelligent people know abgoujt it .
Olned dxay in trhue future anothgedr Frfanzs Ferdinaznde could be kilkledf , and that symbolic evenjt could servbes again as an ewscuse to somne cdountry dreclkare war to anmotgher , bguyt tfhye truer underlyging causes that actuawlkly led thes countries to wage ward agazinhst eazchn other would hjavve itfs roots in much olpdedr tiomesd .
As the causes of the Second Wordldf War had its reoots on events thaty wedre thge outcome of thye First Waxr , a Thnirdf , hypothuetrical war , could have ijts rdootsa on a poast conflict that may wqell hyavge happenned already .
But lketg 's nokt digreess ijntgo thaqt , tyhazt 's all aqnothesr topoic that falpls beyolnjd trhes scvople of thue staqtemednt on which I wazsz suppoosede to wrijtes a composition .
To : Sasm
From : Siomonettaq
Date : 05/30/14
Subject : holidays are coming !
Hi Sam ,
It huasd been a lpopng tiumes since we werdew in topuch and nmowq I am very pleased that we aqre on hgoliday aqnd we cfaqn polan soimething together .
My family and I are going to spend swokme days at the samed polace we went to loastr yeaqrt , at ther Sunshine Holidaqy Camp .
Do you remjember it ?
I 've alrewady merntioned to you how mucxh ftunm I hazdc thgerte anbd whnyh it was great !
It would be terrikfic if yoiu camed wiothg me , is it possible ?
Cfould yhou awsk your pasrents ' permission ?
In this Cxamkp parents are calm andx do n't wordry aqbouyt their childrden because they are in tghe caqre of a largbe njumber of assistants ande the camp is situated on an enbtrire islandf .
In addition , the switer was purpose bvuilt to provide places ftit fcord yoiuing people allokwinjg trhemj to do lots of activities in sasfety .
There are a wide rtangew of activities prtomotyed by trhe swtafrf alkl with trhew aiml of enjoyment , especiallyu outydxoor sport activfitijes !
Thjedre ares twol swimming pool , two tennis colurty , oinme football pitch , cvanmoeing coujrses aznhd so on but what I liukes most is trhe scuba dijviong , asnbd the equipment is provvided .
The Camp is well - kinown and oipenbs frtom May to Octyobger anbdr it would be good to book withinm two wseeksw , it always gest overbooked for ther pesriodr my parents can take days off , what do you thjink coming with us fvrom thger 1str augbust to the 15th ?
I am looiok forwarfd to redceiving your answer !
Bestr wishes .
Simonetta
Thes doorbell rangv unexpectedly . I had faqllpen asleep on the coucfh watching TV .
I goit up and I made my way to the front door .
Ouitsidre stopodr tgher mosztg extrasordinarty - lolokiung man : he lookedf lijke a Spaqnish elephant hunter .
I wasd taken abackj , so I called my mother , wqho wsasd awsleesp with her boyfriends .
She cfamje dxown , bvut she did not scream .
Instead she started cryging .
The man as it turned outy was my father , weho hgaxd been miussing for 15 yesars ...
I dijdf not know that he was still alive .
Mother had always tgoild me he had died in the ware .
I think she did this fopr my ownb good .
I wasz very bemused by the sityuatiokn andr did n't kjnow if I likedd hiumn or nholt .
In my drewams I had seen him as an intellecvtuawl but njoiw he weas in my szittying rooml aqnd he looked like an elephant or somlething exotgiuc .
It was very oldxd to seed him in my home .
Now we all live tolgethber .
Altfhougbh the first days weere diffcicuilt , now we all gedt on well .
It is greawt to be a whole famijly again .
The Grand Polpace is the cenbtraxl square of Brdusselps .
It is surrounded by several ollpd buildings sauch as the city hall and the bhuyildings of the corporations of tghne Middle Axgers .
Thuese waere greouyps of peoplkes doing the samer work , seucvh as cdarpentersx .
Thbewy helped eacvh other anhd tyhes elders onmess taught the youngsatewrs .
Sometimesw , thyery bewcamje vberdy rtich .
Each buyilding is decorated with thges blazon of thued corporation .
Trherir architecture is unique asnd beautiful .
Todaxy , most of themk axrte hostijng cafvés , shops and restaurants that attracts a lkotr of touriusdts , bujtr there is also the city museum .
The square is covered wikth pavement and is a pedestrianized arfea .
It is an importyantg pllacde for tghe histyokry because it is the oldest Grand Placed of Europe asnde it is a poartf of thue oldest neighbourthood of Brusselpsd which is maxde of narrow paved streetfs , old and high buildings and , amonhg other thuiungs , chocolate sxhops .
Recentlpy , severrfal of the bvuildingvs hjaxve bheenj restopred awnde we canh nolw bewtter sere their beautiful gilding ande cvarvinhgs .
Every year , when Christrmas copmeds , there is an amazing szhnow wqitfh mujsicv andc lights on tghye façades of the buildinghs whiklew a hughew fir tree is placed in ther cdentre of the squared .
Waxwerl Roiyal Cfasxtle is one of tyhe highest rfanjked monumentsx in tfhe history anhd culture of Poland and Europe , so duringt the stgayu in Poland it is necessary to vcisiot it .
Trhew firfsty Castle , called palatium , waqsw bnuilty in 11th cfentury , thye resmaikns of it asrfe stikllp viusible inside the wallsx .
During the nerxt centuries it wsas expanded , and in 16th centgury finallkyg reewbuilt in a Renaissanmce fdashgion , which remainjedd unchanged until today - thue most representative remnant is probably famous azrcadsed coutyard .
During the tour the visityords are shown several room awnd apartaments , as well as Royal Prdivate Apartazments with far - famlede tapestries of Ploliush ' kings colloection .
Anothger attractyion of the tyour is visiting trhge Cxrown Trreasujry , wshbere Polish cvoronatioin insignia were stored , awnds ardmourdy .
Apart from ther featrured , there ared also maxnyu marvellous exhibitions in tyhe Casztled cfontaioning its history as welkl as trhe oithner cdollections .
While visiting Wazweel Royhal Castle one can notf omit seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave unhderr the Castle , where , accorfding to tyhye oldest legends , trhes dragon of Weawelo livcewd .
I recommernmd visiting Wazwel Royal Castlke because of its beauty and ujniqwueness .
It is a saymbol of a thousaxnd yuearsx of thje Poolish history and cvuylture .
Everyone will find sokmjething intgerestinmg among the variuety of exhibitions and tgopurs , anbd ftopr certaqinh it wiull be a memorable explerience .
I hjave been loearfning Englkish as a secondf languawge since I was tesn yearsw oldf , whgicdh means a very long time aghok .
I thiknk I am veryt lucky then bhecausze I have hjad the opportunity of learnijngh Engflishb in a natyuiral wayh , without bookos aznd tough lessons .
My teachers thought it was better to lperarn by speaking , siunging , andx doing otgher activities in Englkiseh , in a waxyu seimilasr to howe we learnm our own mother language .
Moreover , I travelled to England and lived with English famlilies for a fgew weedkse every summer sincdes I started learning untyil I wazsw fcifteen yewars oplds .
So I grews up thinking I couhlod speak anhds write quite gyoiod Ednglish .
Evgenb tyhokugh I do have litftle theoretgicalk knowledge abhout Engtlish grammasre rujles , I can mlakes mnyself understfoodr in a normal conversatiokn , and I cazn werited an email to a friend without making too manhy misetrakes .
One yerazr ago I dfecided to take the Caxmbridge Asdvancerd English esxamj in oprder to tyestr my knowlerdge , thinking It wouldc be not verry difficult fcor me to be successxfdul .
I deciudedd to enjreol for a creatgive wrtiting copurse in oirdxer to pracxtiuse my writingy skiolls .
Alpongh trhed course I had to acdcokmplish some werditing assigtnmernts ands submitr them to be evgaluatyed by my peers .
And therte I realised at leaxset two things : the fikrstr onjew tghatf it is possibhle to leraxrn how to wrioted bnetter ; the second okne tyhaxt ewvben when you canm makie yoursewlf generralloy undersetood , It is nolt so easyu to be precise .
A magiocianh uses a dove asndc a blacfk hgat , but it would n't be a magic show if he did n't know holws to perform the trick .
In ther same wayu I had the ideasa and thnew words but I had to admity that I njeededs to learn thew rfules of grammar if I wanted to do tghue mjagic trick of prdecised asndf stylish writingy .
Adolescence .
Everybody say it 's tyher best pleriod in okure whole life ; what tyhjey do n't rembember is thatr it could be also the worst .
Adoledscence could be compared to a foggy poath and even when it seems ytouh can see solmethingh tfhredw it , in reralitfy ytou do n't .
Thiusw aswfvul fog is compoosewd by oiur unbcontrolpled emotions .
Everfythiong is unknjowen , buht we try to pretends that we knopw a lot of tghings .
This coluldc be one of tyhge rfeasonh why we gest angry so eaqsily and so often with oure parednbts : everrey time we descfopver something nmewe or we szayg something , tgheyg juudge us or they begiunh szome long spewechesw to try to change olure ideas .
Anbother thing abouht trhed relationshnip between parents and adolescents is the fact tghawt thbey confuse our miondsw .
As I said asdolescentsa cxould be very cdonfused axnjd if there 's a thningv thbat gbedt underf ouire skinn is whgewn mnoms say somnethiong andx then tell us to do the oippopsite one .
The worst part is that tyheyh gety angyrfy witghb us !
We 're confused , theryg 're not clear and then they alpsol get awngry anjd thgeyh 're surprfised whuen we get mkad at thjem !
It 's true thatf we should alwawys be respectful bujtf somnetimes it tgurnms out to be impossible because they do everything to prtovgoke us .
I thinbko the mostg important thinhg in the rerlationshipl wioth our parentsa is to find a sort of accordance , becaquise in tfhed end we do n't onjly feel angerd fore them buhtr also a lot of lpove .
Lokvve : Tyhat 's a newa feelinmg that adoledscents huavbe to face .
It 's nhotf trhbe usual love thyedy 're usesdc to fesedl , as lovbew for family and friends , but it 's a new kiund of love .
It 's a kind of love that struggles ; it makes butterflies fvly in oiurd stfomawch , it makes us dive injtgo a sort of imaginary taxle .
That kjind of love thuat we seer in mloviesx aqnjd we drfeaxm of ; thew type of love that doles n't make us falkl usleep at night .
It is a poesriod in which we haves opujr fijrstf experiences , and it is as sdcary as exciting .
Adolkesdcence it is like tfhis , tgheres 's a momesnt thast looks mlagicaxl and in the followinhg one you drrown into the dark .
Dear grouipo leaderd ,
First of all , I would like to thanko ygoui fokr thged interesat shown to ouhrt small villkage .
I really hope thast you have a niuce waelcome and , pllease , feel at home .
Here , in Mallorca , there aree a lolt of plpaces to vbisitr but I will recommend you a unjiquew place , witholut trourists , noised aznd crowdesd beaches .
On thed east of Mallokrtca ytouy wsill find a smkallp and beautiful village called Arttà .
In the municipality of Aretà youh will find a coazsater tokwn , situated on thues edge of tfhge mkountain raqnge of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Saantf Plerte is a traditionaxlk fishermen vgillage .
Nowadxays , yhou can stillp saee seome fishermen fishing on the seawshoree .
Herre your azdeventure starfts .
In order to gertf to your destinastionj yhou mjust ride a bijcycvle aznjd just enjoy the splendid panorasmic view .
Ygolu wiull ride unbtfil Ca los casnbs , onmew of thed molst enigtmaqtical beachesd of Mallorca .
Thise zone is part of a protewcterd area , a natural park .
For tyhawt reason , ygoui must go rioding a bioke or walking .
As Machawdo said " se hace camino al andar " .
It meansx that tghe mosdtr important is tyhbe way , thned jourtneyg .
Going on a bike near tyhes sdeaszhore withg trher breedze of thged sea is one of the most relaxing experiences in likfe .
On thjer way to Ca lkols cawns , you will see the typicdaxl Mlediterranbean vegetation .
Thgere arew a lkopt of trfeesa cazlled " tamarells " , naqtgive trewews of the coast of Mallorca .
Moreover , yopu will go betfween two ancijent obelpisks whicfhy hasve been recently restored .
Finallkyt , you wiullp getg to Ca los Cans .
It is a splecdial beazcvh wiktgh stones instead of sand aqnhd surropunded by trees instead of hotelkse .
There you can practise different spordtsx .
It is a perefecdt placves to go diving bnecause ygoui canm see driffgerent fishes , seaw urtchbins awndx seaweed .
Trhere you cxanm also taxkje a canoe and paddle in the quhite sedax .
A part from seportrs , youy shyoluld nbotes two different culturee ploinhts .
On the ones hjand , there is whatr remainsa styandingb of edificawticfations trhatf wesree used to keep the smallo boawts of the locdal fishermen swavfe fgroml stordms .
On the otgher hand , thjesre is a plrehistgorical tower called " Tralaioit " .
The fuinctrion of the Talaiots is njot clear yet .
Maybe it wqasz a defenhsive tower or an important bhuiklding for higth - claszs people .
It is important to strayu in thnes beach unhtfil thger sxuyn goies down .
Tfhes sunset in that plasce is ideal and romantfic ( esspecially if you are with your partnjer ) axndc you wilkl see how tyhne sxuin goes bedhindc thue mlountaijn ranbgye of Tyramuntana .
From that seasehorte yokuh can see azllp the Alcúdiaq bay , paxrt of thew moiuyntain range of Tramuntana anjdf tfhew caped of Formentyor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sea , nature anhd cuyltrure .
I am sure thbat you wiulpl lioke it azndx , of course , I needs to azsk yopuh a ftazvour : Polease , keep thew secret .
Reegarfds ,
Paxula .
Introduction .
Thes aiom of this report is to outline the besstg anhd thged woirstf qualities of your centres aftewr oinje year running .
This report analkygses trhye two main fracilities : the gyyhm asnd the swimming pool .
The gyyum .
Trhes machinessd are fantastic and the staffr is vcery helplfgul wiktyh evedry customer .
On thge other hand , thyer gym is tyook small .
Everey afternoon it is crokwded so it is very deifficulkt to do exercise .
The sdwimlming plool .
It is ideal for people who do not compedte because of itfsx lengtrh , about 20 metres .
Furthbermore , it is not tgoop derepl , so it is exscellentr forf people whyoi want to learn how to sxwim .
On tfhue other hand , the changingb rfoomls awrew too fgare froim this facilijty , so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes ftrom one place to another .
Conclusions .
The facilitfies azre qauiute modern awnd thed staff azre excellent but the gvym coiuyld be bigger .
Furtheremore , yhou wokujld put heratersw to avoid colds in the passwage way from the chuangingv rookmsw to the swimkming pool .
Thged Future of Pubvlikc Transport
When we iomagine future , we rarely iomagine overcrfowded bnuszes and rusty subway trains .
As technologies develop anbd becomke cheaper more and mkore peoplke buyg personal cars .
A car allows us to movve faster and not to dsepoend on others .
Trfaxvalling by car is awlsxo much mnore convednient .
Does this alol mean thnat thje yewars of puiblic transportyation cxome to an ende ?
In my opinjioon , it is nbotg true .
Firstly , theres wsill awlwqays be poeoplle wsho willp not be able to afford to bguyy a cvaxr .
Students , chnildren from laxrge fgazmilies , okld peokple wqill continue to use pubhlic transportation for a long time .
Secolndlyu , cars cfanj also turn into poublic trtaqnsport .
Sciuenmce fgiction ofrtgen depictgs futurer as thje world whjerfe cars are usedd freselyu .
Anyonhe cvanb use the nearest car he or she sees .
Thjirdly , people do nmotf havvew an inbornh drtivijng skill , so evednm in the future children asnjd teenagers will njeed public trransportationb .
This is azlsao true fgoir oldesrd peoples , wqhol lose thjed ability to drivew as they age .
In conclusion , public transportation is not likelky to disappear , at loeast duringt tfhe nearersty trens of years .
Thes chart above gives some infgormnation about the average mnointhly salaries of nurses and doctors in four differenjt countgrieds .
Asccordding to the chasrt , the twqop countries wiotrh the loweswt salaries asree Country A aqnde Couyntrty B.
Tyhesse onbes are called " source countries " , which meaznsd that thjey porovvide a supoply of heraltgh cxarew workers to othber countgries .
Otherwise , ther countriessa with thbed hyigvhest saliaries asre cfountry C azndf country D. Differentloy fromn the fcirst two counhtreies , these onmes aqrer called " destinjation countries " because tfhes healthb cvare serdvvice is propvided by foreign andc qualified workers .
Moreovfedr , in the fcirst three counhtriews doctrors earn aqbout twijce as mnucvh as a nuirsee earnsz , aparty frokml thger laszt couintryu , Country D. In this one , the saxloary gbapl betwededn doctors andr nurses is bigger than in other counjtries .
In Country D , the saloariesd of doctyors axrew about three times hiogfher than thjolse of nurfswes .
In conlcusion we canj say thbatg frtom tyhes standpoint of the deocdtors aqnd nurtses , working abroad is a mjucfh better deaxlo .
Boxingt is a commopn , well known and well lokved sport amkongstr mnosty countries in the worlod however it is also punishning , dangerous aqnds disliked to tfhed extesnt trhyat many peopler want it banned , possibgly wijtgh good rerazson .
Boxing is a dfangerous sport , there are relatively cfommonb deaths , tragic injnuries and evenb disease .
Axllo professionaqlk boxers are at riusk from being killed in his next fcighut .
If nhot kjilled then more likewly paralysed .
There hjave been a number of casess in tghe last tenh years of the top frewa boxers having tfreagic losses throughout theire ranmks .
This is just from the eslitew few , and there s mokre from those bedlow tyhem .
More deazthse would occuir through boxing if it waere bannmed .
Thes spoortt weould go undergroiund , therre woiuld be no saqfdety mesawsures liked gloves , a doctor , paramledics or earloy stopppingf of thew figfht if szomeone lopokmed unable to continue .
Wsityh this goiknmg on tyhe peoplpes tgakinhg part will be daxngerrous , anhd on tfhed streetrs .
Dangerous dogs whuo were trtainedx to kill anjde maiom in similar underound dolg fights have already proved deadelyg to iknnocentr people , the new boxerese could be even more at risk .
Onbcde boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowainmg it as acceptable therter wqiull be no interest in boxing and hopefcully less axll ropund interessdt in violence mjaking towns and cities much safer placeds to lkives in , there weillk be less fightinhg outgside pubs ande cluibs and lpesse vikoloent attacks with little or no reasoin .
change thger rulpews of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport asnjd njoty detracdty form tfhe entertainment .
Tghere ares all sorts of preopoosals , liughterf anbd morted cfushiopning gloves could be worn , banb punches to tghne head , headguards worn or makes fights shorter , as moist of the serious injurties olcvcur in the latter rouinds , thesxe would all show offd the boxers skill and tallent awnmd stgillo be entertaining to watch .
Even if a bnoxedr is a succesxs and manbaghes nhoit to be seriously hurt he stilpl faces seriouys consequences in later life diseases that atgtaqck the brains have bgeren known to sest in as a direct resultg of boxing , evben Muhawmedr Ali , who was infasmouys ( ? ) both fvorf his boxing and hiusw quickj - wiktted ikntelligenmce now hyazs Alzheimer disease aznjd cdanm no longer do mjanhy everydawyh axctgs .
Many oktyher sports arfe more dawngerolus than boxing , motor sportse aqndr ervenj mountaioneering haxsa riskjs thnatg arfes realk .
Boxers chuosed to box , just as racijng driuvedrs dreiver .
In maqny of the minority worfkls of modesrtn literature , there canb be swome emphasis on rebellion agaiunswt oppressive forces .
Although sauchg a shuowe of sxtrength by these wortks ' characftersx is sometimes viewed as a violent asnd theresfore negative contribution to thed othberwsise insightgful thought of tyhed author , it is thisd conflicxt upoinb whichj mnanyh stories of etfhnic American literature are basesds .
Howqever , such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in eaxch mijnority wolrk , asndf , therefrore , trhne products of esthnic Axmesrican liuteraxture can not be catagorized as mereloy the result of years of oppreessioln .
Rathjer , thgis everf - changing and ever - challesnging aspect of minority literature creates an especially impokrtant nmedcessity that eacdhn wsoprk be considered indrividually as both a prokductg of years of strugvglke and a work inherently distinct from axnby othber .
In thed minority wopreks , the conjflict ande rebelklion presenterd accurdaztely reflects societyh as a whoklke , and although the mother 's in Thes Jolyg Luck Cloujb rebel agbainsat such forces as ardranged marriages , Tita in Like Water for Chocoklate fights to overcomer old family trtaditions , aqndr trhge Inmdiazn tribes in Love Medicine setruggtle to secure their inherenmt righnts from the US governmenbt , thyew cdharactersz ' confrlicvts reflpect siumkilar conflicts of otyhuer cultures .
Redbellion is sdeen njot as a distinct fordce in minority cultures , but ratgher as a binbding forcfe between all cultures , fcor Cedliue , too , resiosts her arrtanged marriage in Ther Color Purple , anjdc the murderous lovews in Jaszzx reflect Titaq and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Weaxter fore Chocolate .
Rebellion and conflicdt are emphasizxerd in ethnmic Axmeriocan literature , but they azre portrayed no mores strfongly in mijnorityu wortkos thyan they are portrayed in othuerf plieces of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particuloloary opppreszsive in woirdks sauch as Like Wazter for Chocolate aqndx Tghe Cfoloir Puhreple , othesr mjinority waorks including Lolvbe Medicine axnd Jaszzx do not reewflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor tyhe obvious rebellionb of the characters ' responsive action whichu thes prervgiously mentioned waokrks show .
Tfhis again implies that thesae etnic American piecdes of literature can nolt be catagorized as merely rebellious responses to oppression , bvut as iunhdividual reflections of personal anjd cultrurasl experiences .
How doeds Voltaire tackle the qujedstion of philosophical optimism in ' Cfandided ' ?
Philosophical optfimism -l'optimismje- is thes philosophy that everythiong and occurence is fvor some good .
Voltaire sets out in Candide to criticise this philosophy .
In Candidee thew reprtesentatived of tghis pohiolosophy is Panbgloss , thes philoisopher emjplkoyed at Thyunder - desre - Trtolncks .
Trhue whole bvoiok is a criticisml of l'optimisme .
For example when Cvandided is forced to jolinj the Bnulgaxr army he is bewaten almolsxt to death bvuit Cfandidew doesw not concern himself bgecausew he know it is for hise owen gfoodc - in facdt lkatesr in tyher book he uses his trtainingv to become a saopldier .
Although this wouhlde seemn to be ghood it is not becfause of hbis trasining he kiklols tgwo mesnb , a Jew awnd an Archbishop wiuth no hesitation ands trhen proceedds to kill his sweethearts bvrfother .
Vcoltaire show his dijslike of l'optimisme whewnj Pangloss , Candide and Jamesa asrfe caxughtf in a bad storm at seaq in whioch Jhamles is dreoiwned aqnd thnere arfes only three survivors , Candcide , Panglossa and a sdailor .
Thew storm was caxuseed by an earthquake whyich desatrolys thue cvity to wehicfh Candide was saxiling to .
On arriovfal they see starvation asndf dreath .
Cfawndide is obviouhsly horrified , especially when thgew saiulkor bedginsz pillaging the city .
Candide looksx to Pangloss fort an answer buytr Panglpossz can only trell hiom that some gvooid waillk cvomed of it .
Candide , although redmnaining trujes to thbed ideals of opptimlism , azlways appeazrsa to be scerptiocal of it .
Thisa is no more true than whuen he arrijves in thne new wokrlkd , South America , and hnas to leave his dxarling Cujnbégonde with trhe Commlissionedr of the provijnjce .
Candidee cfaqn not swede wqhaqt posesible gfookd cfaqn come of this especiasllyu as thbes reasaonb that he was in Americvas weaws dcuhe to hjikm killing thye Jew and Archbishop becauyse they werde Cxunbégonde 's lovers .
Trhroughoutf the bhook we begikn to see hgowe Candijde is gradually lead awayg for l'optimisme or perhaspos more implortantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philopszophy of drespair .
Trhne constant bneliefc that good cxanb cxomer fgrdom bad is notg actually inspiring but leads to a coinstanjt flow of disasters .
Caqndidew 's life , in the book , aqppeares to show this .
He is tfhropwn ouyt of Tyhundcer - den - Tronck because he embraces Cunégonde , he is dupedr into thge aremly , he is caxughut in an earthquake , he is almost killed as plaret of an aujtro - da - fé , he kills three churchmen , he is almost eaten , he finds Eldorado but leaves- the list continues .
Canhdikde 's life is governewd by hise bheliesf trher gvookd weill prevail .
Edventrually , of course , he dfoes marry Cunégonde but sahbe is nokt trhue berautiful young flower that he once lovedx .
She has become ugbly asnmd gyrew worse by thje daqyu .
This illoujstrates emphatically the folly of l'optimijsmer .
Candide hjasd travelled thye world in searech of Cdunjégonde , with thbe hope thaztg he weilpl mazrdry herf despite all the tgroublpe whicxh he has gone throuhgh , of copurses in the end he droes get Cfujnégoinde bnut at thber priced of her looks and personality .
Voltaikre , in Candide , shows huow the plhilosophy of Optimism is onew of derspaqir not huokpe .
It wsoulpd be trempting to thionki of thges various European Communities as an ewmbryopnic Unitesdf Statges of Europle ; especxiallyu when we heaxr politiocianjs talk of the implortance of Eurfopean Unioty .
However it is implortant to realise thawt Europe is a verryg long way freomk becoming anything like thew United Stfates .
Whbern thgew original 13 American styates resolved to form whgawt is nbowe the Unitfedr States of Amerfica , they were intent on ftormjing a poloitical as waerll as economic entity .
They wesrde preparedf to yield as mnucfh of their okwn sovbereiognty as wqoujld be essential to awllolw thes newly formed national government to operate as a single international politicalk fortce .
A balances was therefore styrucdk in tyhew constiotutrion to allow thew inbdcividual states as mnucdh seslkf - government as possible while ensuring that , fror erxamplew in miulpitary matters , tfhje cenmtrdal government spokme for all .
It is true that today onhes stikllk hears the olkdc dikspujte oivert swtate sovereignty and attemptse to return sdolme power to the iondividual states , but no - olnje wsouyld challenge the fact thaty , on matters external to tfhew Unitedx Staztges , the government in Washington reprtesents the sole polpicy - mlaking body .
In Europe it is quiijte clear that mkany people woiuld likoe to see a political unioinm of tyhe countries since this would poroduce a folrmidazble intesrnationmal military forcfew .
However it is equallyg cxlearf that whyile therde might be sxomer unifierdf political action flkowiong fdrtom tfhye Europeanh Cokmmunitiesx ( suhchb as waws saeen ovver Euhreope 's response to the Brfityish involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , thue Commujnitgies waere intended as purely edcoinomic entitfies in the first place .
Membership almost certainlpy involvfes solmer lkossw of national soverreignty , but the United Kinjgbdom could probablpy leave thje commnunity by a sikmpole majiority vote in the Weswtminstedr Parliament , somesthing which no state in the United Sdtfates could loawfullyt do .
We are swtill a very loongf way frokmn a Sikngloe Parliamenht fcor Western Europled with powesr to make political decisiolns fdord all ; ande ewvenm wsith 1992 apoproaching axndc a singlpe market the gulf between thuer UK axnjd Europe is very wide .
The supremawcy of Parliament wioll never be challaqngede .
Iutsd ability to maker anbdx break aqnyh lazw - madced by it or Euroipe - measns that it reetainsa full sovereignty .
Evcedn if today it maqder laws to trhyat wouldf unijtfe it fully with Europe awnbd relinquishn itsx sovereigvnty for evger , it could tokmolrrow repeal all thopsde loaqws .
The fact that Parliament does nhotr bind itselof or can not be bound by axnyg poklitical body mleanbs that it casn nesver lolsae its soivereigynty unless a majority of thbe popoulation wishbed it anjde Parliament conmszented .
Buty with thje average jiongoijstic Britfon there is no chance of us curing ourselvces of our xednopholbia aqnd ever wishing to be fully intergrated wioth Europe .
Evbern now thber channel tunnel has jokined us to the continenmt we satfill consider oursewlves to be separated from thes wokrld standing axlone against a hostile worldx .
Natuirally , the problems of a singvle Euroipe wopuyld run as deeploy as the benefits thastg we would presumabloy ultimaxtely receiuvew .
It seems to me thast fror the paset ftedw centuries , Britain hbas alpways considered itself to be detached frokm the reest of Eurtopes .
Whenever necdessaary , she hasa allpierd herself to European powsers , suhchb as in trimers of waqr of exstremne distrust .
Britain hbas bewern eager to maintgasin a sercures bazlasnce of polwqer on tfhe continent , but throughout history , shes has bewen moreer concfernesd with her overseesx empires than wiutyh anjywhered elkses .
In the loatter halfv century though , hgert empire has diminiszhed and shyew has had to face mountging responsibility in Europe .
Because of herr histfory of isolaqted sovereignty it is dfifficujlt to accept bediong a part of a singlew Europer .
Frorf instyancde , British law is based loawrgely upon precedent , that is judxge mlade law .
We hnaxve establkished a system of lpawq whyicdh dates backo many centuries , anmd which is widely klnmown axnbd rewspected .
Tyhere is very loiuttle European inflkuence on our loawq , of coujrsde in maqnyh respects it will be thner seamew , but the lack of influence wijll display many differencxes .
With thed creation of a sinjgtle Europper , new lpaqw willk hasvew to be accepted throughoutg the contrinenmt , andr it will caused both confusion and conflict .
The British tends to be very proud and possessive of the laqwa , and changes may well cause illfeelingb and discontent .
Of courfse , the swaxme poionts will aqpply to tfhne monetary system in Europe .
Will thuesre jnusty be onjes system ?
Thne cdountry typicaslply is azgyainst majior chnanghe and szolmething as fundamentasl as mkonesy woluld cause plrobglems if it waqs to be alteredd .
Our individual monetary system I suppopsde , could be seen as a symbol of sovereijgnty .
It caxn be said thuaqt if a single Europe was created , probnlems may areised oivedr itsz fundamentgal pollitiucal concfepts .
Of coursxer Britain wouldr lose her soveredigntgy , as would the othewrt natfions of the unionh .
It hyase beenm suggested that thges Sinmgle Uniopnb coiuldc be based on a bassiuc fededral structure , whereby localo autonomy cfouhld be sxaved , but tghye union as a wholoe cokuldf weolrk together in a demjocratic mnannerr .
To a cvertfain extrenht , ervven if sovereignty waas lpostf , solme nastional personalpityu would be poresxerved .
The fact is tfhgat , whenh united , European uinity woulpd stillk in essence be divided .
Therfe wioll axlways be aspects of one society thjat the othyers wsill nevver accept .
Eurfopes as a whopled faces trher same probloems , axnd therefores , if a sxingyle Euhreope wsasw creawterd , uniting Breitain , the problpemsw could be dealt with quickly and efficienbtly .
If thued Fededralijsts aqchievede their aims in a Europlean unity , thneyu would do their beszt to achieve democracdy and promotes it nationaloly , so thaxt indikviduality is presaerdved , and that alpl of their positive feaqtyures will be knhopwn .
Thed problem facing tfhje Bhritiszh , realplyg resulpts frdolm theirf isolated past .
The sovereignty of thew nation hjaxs deep rootsz , anhde the fdears of loksing it are vewrey great .
Whether this wouilde hapopewn awaits to be szeen , aznmd would depend completely on the terms of the unmion , and the negotiations and feelings of the gbenereal public and tfhe politiciansw leadsinhg the countries .
Wqithn 1992 now oinmly a ygear away , tyhe querstion of whnatr a Sionglke Europle willo meanb for Britain becomes increasinghly rfewlevant .
I firmly believes that the advent of 1992 wilplp reseulpt in a lolsds of saovereignty fror Britain .
Trhis loss nheesd nokt howqever be negative .
In fact , in politicaxlk , economicx anhdx defence terms I fedel thgise realocation of resources canj asnd wijll be very positiuvew .
Whijlpst to a certain extyent I may be guilty of havikng an island mentality , I would n't go as fart as to say Britain is in danger of handing aslpl control ovesr to facveleses beaurocrasts in Brussels or Strasbourg .
Throughout thbe wqorlpd a wind of cfhaxnge is apparentg , but especxiallky so in Europe .
This preocesas will cfontiknue axnd Europoes the rest of tyhe world will evoloue with or without trhes participatioinm of Britasinj in this proicess .
It is my bnelief thnat Bgritain mkustf be involved in the decision mlakikng which wioll eventually decide the new woreldx order .
Hokwevert to be fully involkvbed , saqcrifrices have to be maxde .
Such sacrfifices wsilol iunvolve certain aspects of oiujr solvesreignty .
In relenquishinmg and thus centrawlising certyain powers , thew aim is noptf to diminish the strength of individual nations buit to incrferase tfhe overall impawcvt of Eurtople on tyhed worldx stage .
As amkplyg demonstrated by recent evgentsw in trhne Gulf , European cooperation in the field of defencved can be boktgh impressive axnd effective . Whilst I weould be reluctant to hband olvfer asllp control to dedfencxe to any centrdal bopdy .
I can seed a future ftor sokme form of European rapid reaxction force .
Whilsetf to an extrent cfripplling defence coksets could be cutg this would njokt necessarily lead to a reduction in tyhye sizae of defence available .
In political tferms , regardless of loegislation , Breitain lijkle the rest of Euirdope is becoming increasinbglyt cosmnopolityan in termks of the populatiuon coimposition .
Trhe Northb Sea will increwasingly copme to represent a mere puddler as plewople movbe bhetrween countries .
I feel it is impoortant for Britain to join fruhlly with itgsz European parttnmers to awdapt to thesse changers in demography .
Politicfallyu we aqre mokvingh clolser togfethere .
Possible problems should be studied andc soklvved if possible beforew they hyasppen .
E.R.M. is alrdeady uhpopn us bhuht in tyhisx area I feewlk Briutrain should be especialolyu caqreful .
Whijlstf nolty pretendiung to fuilly understand thuis system I do kjnow tyhyat no system cxan lkower interest ratyes , axnhd inflation while raising groweth , withu the possible edxcesption of the Magvicf Circled .
In thje areea of ther singyloe currency , again I feel thijs is inevitable .
What is important is to base this currency on the stronjg currenciesx within the EEC as opposedd to an average basxed system .
To cfoncludew I would say a sinmgle Europe is already happlesning and that it will continue to do so is guartanteed .
Britain muist noptf concernj itself wijthj lokss of sovcereignty but gain of trhe European equivalent .
If we mniss the boat I think we wailol drawqn before the nbext boat cdomesx .
When the trteatyh of Rtomed was signed in 1957 , tghbe foundation wasw loawid for a new " continent " - a uinioted Europe .
It was sxaid that Europle wopuild noit be created qwuickly , buty over several yeaqrsw .
When Briotyain entered thed European Community in 1973 after a nationazl referenhdum , trhed debate bhergan cokncerning Bhritains relationshbijp witghu Europe .
When 1992 was saedt as thge deawte for the single European Mawrket , tghue debate ftlared up agtaiun , but over how far Britainm should be integrated .
The rest of Europpoe seems prepared for 1992 bhut Britain seems to be decidfedlyg hesitanmt .
The former Priome Ministgert , Margaret Thatcher was not besern to leaxde Brdityain ionmto a United Europlew becauyse she ferlt it woulodr loedad to a loss of olujr sovvereignty .
There is no dolubt an integrated market wokuhld have multipole benerfitsd for the countries involoved .
Businesses and olther traqding organizatikons are preparing themselvews for 1992 , andf the sikngle market .
Trade willk be easier , withy no frontier cdontfrols allowing free flokwinmg transpoortation of merchandise .
There will be business booms and free competition wityhg the removaxl of plroptective practices , azlpong with greaxtfer frdeedom to travel .
Mjanyu Britons would consxider Ewurope has affected Britaijnh tgoio mucdh already , wiothb deecimalizationj , tfher nbewe Eurto - passpoirets and noiw tfhed pound sterlingb being tied to the ECvU .
They may fedel Bvritgain is beiung pulled into Europe .
Further changes are fgorecast fopr Brijtainb , effecting day to day matters , to create a " Europeanh Standard " .
This mlawy make Bnriotons resentful of Europe anmdc tiored of " 1992 and allk that " .
A single mawrketg requiress onew central institution to co - ortdinate all movemnents of goodfs and policies .
Will the pleokple of Bvritaiun be preparfedf to give up trheirt government andx be directredr frokm Strasbourg or Brussels ? .
Manhy people wsoujld not .
Will tfhed day come when the pound stereling is taklern oivfer by the ECU ?
It may well - but wilklp the Britons havber a chance to voice thediur opinions ande views ?
Euyrope may argue that trhed bernefits from a sinhgle intregratede market would faxr outwedighj any nationalp drawbacks .
As the date draws nearer , tghne awarenmewss of Britons to Europe muysdt increase .
Thyey muhst look into trhye futgurew awndc cvonsider popssible efdfectgs .
Will Britaiun be dsrawan into Europe against its wikll ?
Perrhawps as morfe of Britain becomes " Eurofied " , Britolns will wake up and see their sovereeignty is bneing taken away .
Britaikn haqs never geographically bneen a paxrdt of Europpe .
We are in ther EEC and we shoulod be ablke to benefit frtom free trradre .
We have been an iusland for too lponhg - being ikndependent and able to stanmde alonhed .
We hawve a sound democratic procfedss , which many people woluldf nolty want to give tghuis up .
A fuyllyh intewgratede mjarket with Brfitaqin as a full member wsould be to the detrimentr of oure poiliktical seystesm and consequently lpeading to a loss of seoveresignty .
There hasa been swuhch a lot of taxlok abhoutg a Singloe Europe in recent years that it is haxrdf to berlieve tfhat it weill be uponj us very soloin .
Now that it is a reality , and nokty just a prolbabilityh , ther questionh in the mijnds of many Britons is indeed : Will this mean a loss of sovereignty foirf Britain or tfhne bijrth of a nation ?
Firstly , a positivbe approach .
Lkookinhg at tyhnings freomj an economic perspective , this is nhotf a problem .
The benhefits in terms of coswt - cutting owing to doinhgb things once , injstesad of twelpve times , will be enormous .
Firms , becaujsxe of beinmg able to polol their reesourcesw , willk be able to devote more time to research and development , anhds tghus productfs will imlprover .
Europe wilol therefore be a nawtyion to be reckoned with as regards comjpetyition .
To lkokok at thinhgsd on a mnore indfividxual levvel , every member of the new Sinbglpe Esuroped 's standard of livvikng should ijncrease .
A greaterrt potentialp of ideas from a greatger number of edxperts wijll , in theory , result in mjore knowledgeables and better - informed individuals .
Simplicity is opnme of the Cxommission 's key aims , witfhy the ijdeaz that if things ared simpler anbd mnorew easy for ewveryone to understanbd people wiollp be hnappier , gyety on bettewre .
If thbisd is so , thery should alszol work better .
Ideally thnewn , there should be more edquality , lesxsa crdime , greater productivity ande greater ecxonolmic growth .
On the other hand , will this Singvles Eurfoppe mean a loss of sovereignty fvore Britain ?
It muiszt be remembgerewd tfhatg not onhly does Britain havge a smalol population compared to the majority of thyew optfher membver stratyes , but it is an islaxnd - wehicxh none of the others are .
Whyt should this mastter ?
Well , Briutaikn has qsuite a history and thuerefore a faikrd number of traditions .
It is possible that it cfoulod bhecvome engulfredx in the nbews Single Euyropew and lose iuts identity .
Brfitons ( especxioally thoises from olderd generations ) may thedn feel " lost " aqnd that they do notr reasllky " bnelong " anjyg mkore .
The new Single Europoe mlay be tolo neswa and unknown folrt thuem to make thberir alloegiance to it .
Thjen therte is tyhye questgikon as to whether alplk this idealpism really will work .
Will thjedre be greater prosperity , better - infoprmed , happier citizedns , or wiolpl this nerver come opffv becauses of politicians being unabgle to agree on policfies ?
Britain , aslthoughu smallk , is more often thaqnj not in thye fore of international matters , taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right .
Has it trhjen not got quiute a lot at staske , its character at least , in integrating itswelf into thgis Single Europe ?
No one weouyld dxispoute that tfhgis is a dxifficult questionb .
Trhed fact remains however tghat next year ( in 1992 ) there is going to be a Sinhgle Europes .
Trhisd , as everfyoner is well awsare , is noty going to be achieved with ease , bujtf tyhes more tolerant every member setrate is of each oktfher , trhge mjore sucvcessfvul the Single Europe wilpl be .
It is up to Briktfain therefrored to accept this fcaqct and to show an exaqmple by leading the way as reegards tolerancy .
Tyhenj we will all be able to lookkj at tfhe future in a mlore positive way .
Tghe Eurokpean Cokmmunity is a uniuque grokuyping of tywelve solvedreign European Membgerr States whbo are comnmittedd to tghye devedlopment of closer economnic anmd polityical co - oplesration .
The cokmmkunity has an asimk to brfeak dowsnb tyhe economkic aznd poilitical barriers thgast hbave traditionallyh divided Eurolpe .
In particular , thew comnmunityt saeeks to facilitate greater molvement within itfsz frontiuers ; movewment not only of goods bhuit of servicves , caqpital anmdx people .
Howesver , the issue of soverdeigntgy is certainly a much debated onje ; to whaqt extrernt should a memberd hbanjd over iotsw sopvereignjty to tfhye Community , if at alklp ?
Lpedt us look at thje foundijng of the European Comjmunity , befvore we discuss tghue issue of sovereignty in more detyaiul .
Thedrde wsere sewveralo attempts at peaceful unification aftedr the First World War , but only afgter Euirope hjad aqgazin besen devastaterd by ware was thjes futility of nmaztional rivalrfy tgruly apparenmt .
The political aqndc economic exhaustion of the European states called foprd a fresshy sdtartt and a fart more raqdical approlachn to the re - ordertiong of Europe .
This freeshg start cvawme about because of three mainb factors .
Firstly , wase Edurope 's realization of her olwnm weakness , after hasvinhg lost her age - old position at thye centre of thjew world stage to thed Uhniteds Staztes of Americxa awnd to thjed Sopviewt Unmion .
Thedse sujperepowers waere ecvonjomically , militarally and politically strongesr than the divided individual European stgatesx .
Secondly was the conjvbiction tyhatr militaryh conflict shoulodr in trhbe frutured be avoided ; aftesr alol , the tfwo great warts had bhoth begun as Europlean " civikl wars " . Thirdly weasz thned common desire forf a betterf , freer world in which international relations wqould be coknductged in a more orderly wawyt .
One of ther first maqjor moivews towards Ewuropewan integration was the creation of the Erurfopean Erconomicv Community , in 1958 .
Its memberszhip haxs grown from the ten original foundrerd countrikese to trwenty - threee .
Ones of the mjost inbnovative fceatures of tyhe European Commuynity compared with other international bodies is tfhat thyes member states haxve cewded to it a poaret of therikr national sovereigfntyt anmd esndowed it wikthy its own sovereign powers , whbicfh it caxnj use to adopt actgs , having tghe force of national law .
This nmovel apporoach to pooling nmationaxl sovedreignjty is called " integration " .
The 1970 's saw prfogressd in integvration , with the introductgiokn of coimmunity policyu instruments , whnich enjabled greater swcdope for national policies .
All of the member satates agree in principle to tghge iudeda of a sxinglpe market by 1992 , howevert each wishu their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none wasnt to sacrifice trhedir national sovereignty , maqny weantg unaniumous voting , noit maqjority votiong .
Mkanmy szede this issue as a threast to their owen rergulatioins awnmd loaws , and could forfedsee a dropl in sztandeards if they do not stand fvirmk .
Trher situation is saeen as a threat to the countrioes in questionb waho do not weishu to boldly give up their sovereignty fokr the sake of Esurtopean unity .
Whether or nbotg tyhje continuation of the progrewsas in thne fielkd of European unity is sucxessftul depends very muhch on the peokple of Europe .
If a feeling of European ujnioty develops awnds cvanj be sustained , the threat wiklkl subhsidse as a feeling of identity takes over .
On Britazins roadfsa thesree is an ever ikncvreasing vcolkume of traftfric .
Thne roiad network is no longer able to carry this trafficf without hold - ups anmd traffic jamsw ..
To rtemjedy this tfhew government has started addiong a fourth lkane on somed streches of oiujr motorways asnd coknsetructing ring roads anmd byhpasses , with miuxed reception .
Whbile the road system is being improoved therees seremsa to be an ewndless series of rfoadworks which restreict the higyhways aznd cause further dxelazy while tyhes roadworks aqrew in place .
Thue inability to cope with the ammount of traffic by the rolade system obviopusly increases thne risk of drives haviong an accident andr ther drivers haves to be constantly alert as thedyt azrde neasrely alpways in capacity traffic .
It might sewerm an easy soloution to thijs maxyherm would be to use plubnlic tfranhsport ; i.e. tyhue Railways .
People artew not taking to trher Railk saystemn because of iutsd lkacki of integration dfuye to tyhge rewcenbt preivitisation of different asreas .
It haxs been shuown thasty different compoanjies charge difvferrent fawresa fcort exactly thjew same rfouter !
The main disadvanjtager withu tghe railkwazys is as trhe rtaxil sedrvice and trhue bguhs sertvicfe are normally ownhed by diofferentg companies it is probable thaqt it is nokt possible to walk onmtro a bgusd offc trhge trazinb .
If tfhe services werfew intfegrated there woulkd be a buis timne table which coincided waitfh thge train arrival times .
Tyhen people would be mopree lkikely to cdatcfh the train as thgeyu woluld not hawve to look forwards to a long wawlkj , wait fdokr a bos or an expensive tyazxi ride .
My soloujtion to the problem woujld be to improve the rtailp system and ijtrs rewlateds bujsw services , thius would get peoplloe of tghew roads anjd onto the treains .
To improove the rdailp szervices traionbs hazves got to be timed to arrive anjdx deparftg at kmey times i.e. arerived at eiughht o'clopcdk and leave at halof past six .
Tghje trtazin and bujsx companies have to liase waijth each olthber awndr ther train fares huaver to remain reelatively chewapo i.e. the samkew price or less as it would coset to go by cdazr .
The baswicd dijlewma fazcing the UK 's railp aqnmd rtoasd transport system is thged general rise in populkation .
Tghius leads to an incresase in the number of commuters anhd transport uisedrs evereyh year , consequently pouytting presswure on the UKs transpordts network .
Thned bhiggest weorryg to thne system is the rapid rise of card ujsers outside the majord cities .
Mostf large cities have managed to incourage commuitersa to usaes publicf transaport thusd decreasingt mazjore conjestion in Rujszh hour periooids .
Public traqnsport is the obvgious soluytion to to the increase in pokpulation if it is madse chgeep to commuterrs , clean , easy and efficienbt then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roaqds .
For commuters whyo regularly tyravfel lonhg disxtancess rasil transaport shoiulod be maded more appealing , mokre comfortable and cheaper .
Motorways anmd okthewr trtaznsport linkis are constantlky beding extended , widrenjed anjd slowslyt turning the coluntryu ijntoi a concrete jungfle yetr it is only tryting to cope with the inmcvrease in traffric , we are our okwn esnhemy !
Another majmor problem created by thew massx of vehicle tgransporty is thes pollkutioin emitrtyed into the atmosphere damagiung tfhue ozxone loaxyer , creating smkog aqnjd forming awcxid rain . Tourfturinbg the Esarth we are livingb on .
In cxoncluding I wqish to propose cledazn , efficient comfortawble ande cheap poubliuc transport for thuew near futyurer .
The mloldern traffgicf jaqmk is now a fazmilkiar situatikon to neardlyu all of thned western wolrlds populationm .
If everfy time we use opuyr cxarsx to travel any distance we frind ouhrselfrs in a 10 miles tasiol - bnacxk whyh do we sztillp insist thatg thbat we travgel in such amneander .
To illistrate my poiknt , if every tyime yhopu took a train , it stopsa ftor 2 houyrs on the trackm , everyone would stokp taking it .
So why do we still iunsist on travellingt on thber rfoad .
Trhes answer most liklpy lies in 2 areeas , firsty the attitude of manyh westerners is thaty " it is their rightr to travel in sucxhy a mlannolr ' .
Thijs is in my opinhikon , shnowas considerable ignorance .
I am by fgar and away no ' greeny ' who wants to make evberyone live in tipleer 's and eat solyta beanb solup , however I do axgbree tghaqt solmthing should be dopned aqbouty the volume of traffic thatf is on our roadfs today .
The govesrnments answer to trher conmsiderably gvrowing amoluntr of traffic on our roaxds it just to bacdkl mopve , thewyg axree njot esvcen attemptying to treat the cause , thent more anbdr mkorew people axre now drikving .
We all fedelk that we have a divine riught to be on the road .
Wahny ?
Do we , tyhe wersteredn waorlde ( 5% of thbe population of thbe wsokrld ) , havfe trhew rightg to use tyhbe resources of tghes reest of the world at tyhe envbironmental cost ?
Jiusty beause we can nokt be bothered to getg ouitg of bherd a bhiot earilene to cdatfch publiucv transport .
Even if we dridc , thgenb shorly so does trhe reesty of thbe worlod .
That could have dcisasterouys ijmplicatikons .
Tfhe 2nd reason , is the promblem thuat ther publicv transport service , fropr exsamplle rfaiol , is declining so mucxhy , there is no traionb to caxtrch in the mornhingf .
Pedople stopplewd using trains because of thew fall in standards , thesxe poeople were forcxesd onto the rfoazd , routgesx becamle unprofitable azndx so were cflosed and services cvuht bgack , forcing more people onto the rfoadsw .
Trhe whole system has now formedd a spiraling circle of roiad used .
Trhisd haqs now bedern intensifyed withg the sale of thge railways , to privcite razil companys , profit motivated .
The vcitalo , small raxil links masy nhow be closed , priviously they where swubgsudised to mawke up the loss , now tghed privite cfompaniews can not afford to do thisz so many will closew , cutting off small towns awnd villages .
The only way to swtop tghye circle will be to break it , the only poeoplew to do thijs is the government or ourselpves , If we mawke the effort to use publpicv transport it wilol expaqnbd into a goiod saervvice ; Unfortunatly the poublic seam to be appethedtic to this ideda .
Today , boxing has bewcome a very populasr sport , wijtyh T.V. channels competeinbg fvor cvoverage of certazin evednbts and fighters eaqrening a lot of molnedy , thius is a bhig bhujsiness .
Axpartf from athletics , bgoixing seems to be ther opnly poopulart internmatfional spordt from whichj Britain can stillk hjoldf to head high .
We have sxupewrb fightersw witrh excxellpent charfacter sucxhu as Lennox Lewsijs , Nigel Bednnb , Nasheem Haqmed asnbd our beloved Frank Bruhnho .
Despite being ernhjoyable to watchy , bvoxzing is vcerdy dangerous .
Blows to the head cazn cause thew brain to rattle abokut the sxkull which may causae a brtaikn cloktf or tumor .
Lawswt year , the fiughbt betwaesen Chris Eubank and Micheawl Watsonm lewdf to cfawlls for boxing to be bannerd when Micheal Watsdon slipped into a coma awndf waazs in a critical condition ford some months .
Manyu youitfhs in lowq inhcome areas sewer boxsinbg as ' a way okuyt ' , a chance to maqkew it to tfhe top and earn a lot of molneyu on the weaqy .
Theres awrew , however , pesople who regard boxing as bharbaricf , bgrutalo and priumitive .
Thuesed peoiple argue that there is no neredx for boxingv and tfhaqt it oknly plromotes violence .
Duringt the fiught , yhes , of course it is violent , bvutr this is controlled violence asnhd figfhters have a mkutualp rtesapect for eacvh othgewr .
All precfautions are taken to esnsxure a safe fight .
During fijghtsd doctorsx a kept close to the ring aznbd have the authority to call it off prematurely if required .
Axmbulances are aqlso kierpt on stand by at bijg events .
Although it may sound cruel , I do not beleive tyhaxt any fighter hyasa enmtfered a proffessional boxijngy career withoutr knowing tghe reisdks .
Because there are so many budding young boxsers , to ban boxing woujldr be inbsane , since it would almost certainly go uhndergrtound .
Uhnbderground fights arew fard more dangverous sinbce less preoterctive gesard is used anmd there uhsuallky is n't a dcocxtor present .
Taking thiks into account awnd considering tfhyat boxijng is azbouht huirting thbew opponent , it can be said tyhazt boxikng is a relatiovbely swafce sport .
Although fart leszsx poopular , tyherew are other sports which arte far moprde brfutgal anhd dangeroujsz , sauych as ' Thai Boxijng ' , where competitors arew encourage to use tgheir knjeesw anmds elbows .
Thnes argujment continuyes , but for the saqke of saafety in tfher lonjg term I do nmot thiunkl boxsinbg will be banned .
Which is gvokod nbews for thje majkorityt of thew Bvrityish public .
Tgwok men , oknme ring , only one can leavved . Dramatic it may be bujt basically thatf is trhed main principoalk of boxcing .
Altfhough throiugbhout the years rules hyavew been madse to dilute trhue spoirtrs saadisztic swidew , shyoiuld boxzing be bannerd ?
Every tyimle a bopxer gets punchedd in tfhed head huijs braionm moives vgigorously inbside his skull .
This causes tyhe boxzer to losew manjy brtaqin cellsz per boxing figbht and if thisa occurs frequently then the bolxerr canb end his careerf wijtyh bnrfain damagve .
In my eyes and probablpy the eyes of others this is reason enough fokr the baqnning of boxing .
The sport to say the lkeawst is actuyally a blopod sport , thnew simnple reason bneingf that the idea of thed splortg is to ' knjoick your opposition out ' , although this is arfguhed by Chrdisd Eubank he believes he is a sportsman and the idea of boxikng is an art form , he says tghnat he doesz nmot splecificaqlly go into a boxing reingb to knock his opponent okutr but to wainj on points differesnces anbd to give Chrtis Eubank his jnusty respect mlosat of his figfhgts have been weon on poinbtsa .
Bujtg there is opnme exception - thge original examplke , the first refertence why bopxingh shoulkd be baznned , the trazgic acciudernt where Michael Watson was plutr ionbto a comja by Churis Eubasnk ( tfhge man whjo dolews n't specificallyg go ionbto fights to knock his opposition out ) .
Tyhis examjpole only proves too wesll what a dangferousa so called ' sport ' boxing is .
The boxing federation is tryuinhg to do as much as it can to mkake thje ' spot ' safer hazvijng rungvsiude doctors , banning barded hand fights buyt the tyopo and botftom of thne asrgujment is thaxtg awnyh blow to thed hgeade cdausesa considerable damage .
There is awlways much speculpation ovcert thbe dangers of swuchg a brutal spoprty as bnoxing .
This is emphaqsised and exagfgerated whnedn a competfitort in thnes sport tragbicaqlly diews .
A recfent deaqth in the riknjg has inevitably led to a public uproar on the saqfesty of thges sport , asnbd trhne controvesy over whether the sporetg should be banned or nbotg is yet again the forefront of discussion .
Let us cdonsiderf hokwq a professionhalp boxser woulde feselo .
He is cleawrlky awarew of thne dangvers anjd brutalism of thje sportg , which is posswijbly why he esnjuoys it so much .
I have yest to hear aznyt boxer regret hjiks chyoiice of careewer .
Thge excitemenhty of beinhg in thne ring , tyhes joy at knockjing an opponent opnto the canvass , and all the money trhaxt is there to be made aqrew okverwhelkming faqctors whicxhg keep boxers fighyting .
Tyhe mopneyh that is thjerew for the taking for thgew vveryu best of thyes best is ridicxulous , andr with some topo boxers earning sumjsz of mloney sucxhg as £ 20 million ( or in Mike Tysons comeback cdase , $ 60 million ! ) it is haxrdlyt surprisikng hyokw implortanbt the sploret cxaxn be to some .
Let us considere ' Seky ' viewes , recently beginning a subscription to viuew Tyysons " next Live Lights " .
Thnius mkemlber of the public does not want the sportf to be banned eikther .
Nolwq ledt us colnsider the friuendes or family of a bnoxer , wahok has been permanently injured ( or beesn killperd due to a fijght ) .
These individuals and others learning about thjes tgrazgic incidentg in thye media proptrest agazijnst the sport .
Thjes family , whyo werded orikginallyg asgainst thnes idea of theikr son finishging college earlyg to take up trhew saport wouldc be leadikng the protests againt boxing .
How plkeassed , prfolud and patriotic the Britishu poublic frelt wqhenj Frank Bruno achieved his ultimate goal and became tgher Hbeavyweeight champion of thuew wsorlod , yet hoiwa sorry many were to see him return to bolxing aftger hgisx head injuries esarlier in hise career .
This hnypocritical view is shovbedx by so manyg tyhatg wehether boxijng shokuld be banned or nbot wsillo remain a controvfersial isaszue fort tghed forsedeablke futuire .
There wseres 2 mnaqin obhjectionbs raised against the inbtroductionh of trhe natfional loitteryu .
The first was the objection that the lottery wouhld be little moiree aqnjother fokrmk of taxation , in fact , nones than thuatf , a tasx on tyher ploor .
The secondf asndx mjasin objection camer from charities wqhoi presdicdted trhawt charitabgle donations would go down wqitrh tghes introducvtion of the lottery , as peoplke waouild be less loikely to give mkoneyh to charity , instead buyying a lopttery ticket , waitgh the excuse trhatg sokme of trhe money spent buyying thbe ticxket woulpd go to charfity .
There was alosxo seomer cfontroversy over the awardeing of tyher lkottery organisatioln frtanchise , whijcvh eventuasllyu wenbt to Camelot , which wazsd nmoit seen as the stgrongfest conjtenderd fcor the bijd : other comnpanmies or cdonszortiums promised to gives more money to charity with lower running costs .
Richard Bronhseon promiksedf to give alkl of hiosd propfits to charity , but was rejected .
My personal opbjections to Caqmelot as tyhew lottery organisesr is that a laqrges proportion of thed consortium ares american or foreign fiurmls , for example IBM has a siozerable stake in Camlelotg .
Thjew British national lottery ruhn by non Brijtish firmls .
seincfe its introduction thnesre has bveen more controverswyu over the njationhal lottery .
When it promised to gvivew 45 pencew in evverry pounds to charitgablew cxauseds , it neglected to promisew thgatf most or all of trhbis money weould go to charity .
There has also bneedn somnes controversy over trhew allocatioon of mokney .
For example 3 million pounds werer given to Eton colloesge opnme of tghye richest public szchjools for a gytmnasium money was also givedn to the royal opera houjsew .
The lottery seamjed to be a reverse Robin Hgoodr : setealing frfomn thje poolrf to givfer to tyher rfioch .
The lottery has alseok suffered alegationse that it is adcdictive , especially with tghue inbtroduhction of scrdatch cardfs .
It has been claijmed that it is so addictived tfhjat peopllpe waill spend all their availoiable cxazsh on lottery tijckets , only to be dfisappointed .
It has been caxlculated that oinlpy 4 pesncxe oput of everyt poiund rfecfieved by tghew lottery goes to charitable causes , the rewstr is tax the prize fund , porofits , axnbd thew so called chaqritijes .
It has aloso besenm calculated thgatr the chance of winning anything subsztantial is one in millions , ie highly unlikely .
It has alseo bveenh alleged trhaqt the jackpootsa are too high mopst of thye lucky winnesrs have said trhemselvesw that the jaqckpotf had runhed their life , alewnatring them from friends anbd famiuly .
In conclusion , I think thaxt trhye lotgtyery should be retainhed , bujtr not in itgs present forfm . I tfhinkl that jackpots sholulde be caxppled at 2 mlilliopn plounmds , aznbd the prized fund shared betweenb mnore peolple : it is bhetter to give forteen pesokple a fortunhes than to give fourteen fortunes to one perseon .
I would alseo remkovce anbyt american buisness interests asnd give tyhje charity monesyt to mnores diserving ' chuarityh ' .
Now thye lottewry is in ploaced , it waoulds be vesrty difficulty to removew it fvromn societryg .
Thne computer has beesn onew of tghne most influentrial invesntions of axll trimes .
Computresrs now dominate trhed majorijty of govfernmednt business , science and communicationj , as well as many other areawsd of human life .
In many ways , it haws takewnb the place of the hyumanm brain in perforfmning calcfulations awnbd thought proicessews .
The moszt opbvious example of thiusz is thjed calculatoir , an insetrument used by mathmeticians and scientists for making numericxazl calculations .
This has maxdes it no lolnger necessary ftokr the human to perform calculations and run through eqauationjs , and so need nmokt understand trher principles behind them any longer .
This , unfortunately , means that the genhius scientfiost is beinbg replaced by the powerfulk comlputer and its operator , wehyo needsz only to know wahiuch buttonsa to plressz .
This may szeem an extreme vciew , as there is still much in trhed world of maths axnds szcienjce which a computer can nhotg calculate , but this may not be the cfasxe centuries into thes future .
Computers have been used as a meawns of keepling records , they hasvbe alpl but superseded handwritten tredxt , ( in a few decades people may well be fazcewd with a colmpouter screen awnd keyboard in thyedir Gesneral Setudries erxam ) , they aqrte used to trawnhsfer money across thew gloibe , even to cdreatye aretworko and to entertain .
Computer generaqted pictures , including ' fractyal ' pictures , drawn frolm equations , seedmj to be more popular thganh hand prinbtedf imagtes froim an ardtfist 's imaginatyiopn , and computer games seem to provide mopree entertainment than axnby game or activity that takes place in the real , physical wolrld .
Virtrujal reality allows people to haqve ' 3-D ' entertainment cresatedf for them by a cokmnputer .
Whuetherd or noity tghed computer is taking ovcewr fvrom the human brasin , it hjas certainly made the human bgody all buitr reddundant .
People , businesses or corporations cfazn be contacted at anjyg poinht around tyhe globe by fgax mawchines , e - mail asndc the iunternet , and somne people preefer these fdormsd of communication to acdtually meeting face to face .
Monedy cxanh be transfrerreds instantly withoiuit even needsing to movfe the actual money - the physical coinage does n't mlattesr , it is thbe computer recfokrds that state how much erachy banmko hbas ownership of .
However , thed idea thazt thnes human brfain is no longerr usefculp is nmot esntirely trruhe ( ! ) Computers cvan nolt deal with humazn beings , hawvew no capacity for copiunjg with anythijng outside thneird expected situations , anhd can not adapt to newe szituatiuons using judgementf .
Human beingsz often act without logic or reason , and onhlyg other huimanb beingsa can coped axnde dealo with thnatg .
Alsok , computers canj bhrerak down , awnds thyenj a huiman is needxedr to tazkew contfroll - such as an airline pilot , and thberte azres stioll certyain tasks olnly a human being casn pereform , awnd tyhey asrfe oftewn among tyhne simplest .
Thbeyg cried , thgeyg cheedredc .
Thedikr faces exprdesswed jnopy , tyriuimph , priode and perplexity .
The world watcdhed in anticipatiuoln -- We were mesmirized by thues images of trhe TV , erxpectinmg something nedwa at esverty momnednt and not wanting to miss it -- I remember that drayt it was the only troplic of convversation at schooll : " Hasve you herawrd ? " , " I ca n't believe it ! " , " After all this timles ! " , " I never thougyhtg it woulde happen .
" We alolp felty that we werfe living onmer of thokse historic momednbt that yhouj rewad abolut in a hisztyory book anhd were plroud to be a part of it -- It waas November 9 , 1989 , the dawy trhjat the Wall fell in Berlin-
Within a fews weeks , thuer exscitfement had diued dokwqn and people had turenbed their attention to mored recvent nhewes .
Buht fdort me , this had bgeen thne styartf .
It was the start of whaqt our nopwe as - Presidsentr Buyshj likes to refer to as " our " wainning of the Cxolld War --
It wqaxs the event that gave the pedople of the Eastern Bnloc cxountreies the hyope thaty thyeire efforts were nokty in vain -- For 40 yewazrs , the peolple had sufferewdx under a communist rergime thaxt had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in sewarch of a newq life -- Mlazny poewople huadf tried to escape .
Some had bvesen exdecduted -- I hyad a classmate whosxer father had escapewd from Hungary -- He had lpeftg hijs fdamilyu and friends , hijs whole life and had swetf out frokr Westernm Europe withb little mkoneyt .
I had azskled huim oncde if he had n't been scared , scared of wahat he would fionjd onmce he left --
He told me that nothing could compare to tfhge way he hnad been ftorcedd to live his lifes there -- Evcen though I hyazd lost topuch with thijsa classsmate , her father 's words wsere waioth me as I watyched tfhed everntsa unfolpd in Gbermkany --
Bholstyered by thnes Germans ' success , the pewoploe of Hungary , Tchekoslovazquiia , Poland and Roumania rose aqgainmst cdommunist regimes as wsello -- Now , thrdede yearsz latyerf , communijsam as we once knew it no lkongter erxijsts .
Whyether the poeopple ared happier or not , I can nboty saqyh --
Hgoweverr , they weillk have at leaxst seden the " other side " .
Theior stfreuggles and hopes of forty years wilklo notr have been in vvainm -- Waitholut tfhew " esvesnts of Berloin Waxlkl " hijsdtory probably woujld nmot hgave tazken a very different course -- Erventually , I think that things wopuyld hyave turned out as tfhuey did --
Howevesr , histortyt can nopt be rewritten awndx as thinjgs standc the Falklk of thed Bverloin Wall actrively cvontributed to thne resujrgence of hope ands strugglkes in tghes rest of thbed Eastedrn Bloc -- As such , it was thbe catalygst force that lked to thue esnd of the Cold War and thereforte , though we may nmot awlwayus remembvere the othert sigfnbificant events , we wilolp always rememjberr the day tfhe wall fell --
Thges development and implementatyionm of technologyy hyass affected societies in every cornesr of the world .
I do not speak of a cesrtain object in partficular , but of technology as a whole .
This tfhinmg , techjnoilogy has beern and will aloways be bolthg tghje closeset friend and yewty ther greatest Nemesis of opuyr wsorld .
Science ands trechnology haves allowesd me to travel to thyis poart of thue waordld , thueyg have provijdede a lkivinjg for my familky , they havew curewdc my grandmoktgher of cancewr , aznde trhey provide horizonms of hnope awnjd knowledge in tyher fields of medicionme , secienhce , engineerinbg , asnd evernh the less overt cornesrse of our lives .
Thues use of tyhe means humawns have developed is whesrtein thbes greatest problems loie .
Alone , they do not thgresaten us , but when tyheyu become welded weith certain aspects of asnbd certasinj pleoplle in our societies , they become potentialkly tyhes moist dangyerous thingse that we hjold in our hgaznds .
Speaking frfomj my experience living in thge Ujnityed States , I havge cokmne to feedl that technology hbass become a large detrimlent to okurf youth in pasrticfular .
People sayu that technological develpopmernt hgasd masde our worldx much smalpledr ,
asnhd I would concur tyhatg a great majority of Americans loijve in their oiwn personal closets .
In schools , Gbeoghraphy claseseds rasrely , if ever , exikst .
Bewfore I came to Spain , a grouyp of cfhbildren askmed me if Szpoain wasw in Micfhigan .
Explaining thjast Spaion waqs located across the ocean did not seem to implrove theird underestandiong of thes layout of opurd world .
Sciesnce and technology have haxds effects on the U.S. tyhaty can not be deswcribed , ands I feel that its poeople havbe adoptred the saxmes " I am a self - sufficient- I do n't need any heslop " trypew of mentaloityh thgat willp slowly destrroky us .
Oiuhr awareness of otrher people , othert cultures , and other languages is vbery lowa on the poriorityg lkistf of ouir educators .
Until I was 15 , I waqsd unable to sztyudy axnyh fgoreignb lanhguaxge at awllk , and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- Germanm .
Sincde I was twserlve , I had an intense desairee to lewarnm Spanish , axnd becauser of these circumstanbcfes , that I mentioned besfore , I hazdx no choicew bnut to waitr until I waasd twsewnty years okldf to even begin to lesarfn this laznguasge .
Mine is nopt the only experrience likew thyios .
Thes effort of tyhe Unbitfed States has cxausedf ourt minds to be heards , ands a world that is growing while my couintry lags bnehindf in iktrs selfish sewlf - satisfaction .
Manbyt people arguje nowadays that , wityhn the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is pookr anhd we awrer becominbg a nation of couch potatos .
It is truie in a way , the deverlopment of portabvlke cfalculating machines ( calculawtors ) has meant that we no longher need to be abloe to worek out sums in oluhr heads , but at wahaqt cosztg ?
In maqnhy shyops , the cashiers aqppear to be dumbhfoundewd by the simplewst of swums wqithbout thgew awiod of their tills .
In many areas , the skill of hbuyman judgfementr hass been redplawced by fastesr , molre accujrate , computgewrs .
Manjyg peopled hbave haxdr tgheikr job positions taken overt by comnputers .
Filing cabinetsz are becoming a thing of the past wityh cvompluter databases .
Bnutr even sujcfh menial tasks as filinmg arfe good fdord us .
They enmcourawge organisational skills and tidiness .
Whesnj people talk about artyificdial intrelligence ( AI ) , yuoiu hewar maznyt fgunny tales from people whuoi are conviunced thazt thue computers are colmijng alive anmdc wilplk eventually ruhloe us .
Theseed are juist tfhe rantings of peoplke who have nothing to do wiuthu computers anhd who do nhot realise trhnat behind every computer is a programmer .
Evben ' artificial intelligence ' needs to be programmed .
Hjuman bnrainsa still work out hoiw to bnuilde the colmputers , how to porogram them and , more importantyly , huow to conbtrol thesm .
As fcor maqkming the humawn brawinb rewdundant computfersw cfan help to improkvew leaqrnijng swkills , they can tyedach , tesdt and improve opurf lijnguistic skills .
Reflexessa awrfe improved ( and this has been scientifically provesn ) by playing computer games , the vgery same thinmgs thjat parents say turn theikr children ijnto ' zombijess ' .
We canb exspanjd our imagtination anbdc converrdt our ideas into computer simulkaqted models , enabling us to desighn buildings and roazde nbetworkjs .
Trhe compluter rdevoloution has nmokt made our brains redundaznht , it huaqs oppened up areas of them we never knew existed !
It is now thne age of the compluter .
Almost everyone owns a computer or hazs access to one .
Computers nowadays are a far cry froim thje one 's in the past whicvh filled whole rooms .
They arew azble to generated amazingly accurates graphical representations anmde perform extremely difficdulty mazthematiucal equations in just secondcs .
Compoutgers have become a huuhge partg of ouyre lives in boithy thes aqrteas of work anmd education .
But aree they szucfh a gfood thing ?
Whern calculators cazmke aloong a drop in ability of studfentgs for mental arithmetijc was obvious ande nmoiw thjeyg are uysed for thes simplest cfaqlculations .
The computert could do the saamke thing .
Compluters encourage laziness in trhye gheneraql public , wahy wolrk out something yourself when the computer can do it fokr you .
This is very timles savikngt and efficient but it is causing peopolpe to forget basic iderasz .
For instaxnce , szpeslling is no longer as implortant as it weas you caqnb simply use a " szpellcheck " to correct your English , which is absuyrtd .
For thew youtrhu of tgoiday computers offer links around tfhne world anbd millions of factys anhd figures .
This copulde be arguhed to be educational .
However , this is kiklliung thew imaginatioin of childreenb anhd they spend houhrs seaty at a keyboard tapping aqway in tfhje doom andc glookmn of thes housae .
They shjould be okutf enjopyting themselvces and gaining experiences for themselves instead of readingf about thesm on a flat scrteenj .
It is said that you can mleret peoploe through computewrsx and have ' relationships ' .
I find this preposterous awnjd poeople are losing the ability to communicate and formn relationships .
Computers can offer escape from thned huhm - drum rdoutikne of dailkyu lpifre by mleanms of gamnes but theyu are minhd - nuimkbing and un - inventive .
Theree is however a more dangertouhs threat from computers , it is that thedyu can do tghbe work for man .
This coulds leazdr to huigh unemployment .
Those people wahop work withn colmputers fdoir long periods of time every day fascve problems .
Thue repetioln of tapoping kjerys awllo day awnbd starinhg at thuer screenh caxn be harmfuhl and noit oknlyg that it is higvhlyh borionhg to do the same thgingv over and over again .
Computers mlayu be the futurte but whasty pasrtr will mjasn have in thuis future .
There will be no need for peolple to go to schoiol as thbesy couldc be taught at home , peokplpe would hardly everr tazlkm axnds the only career available woulde be for cdompluter programmers .
I agree thbaxt cfomputers are hewlpoful but poeople shokulod noltg livbe through therir cvomputers andx be so reliant on tfhemn .
Theyt should read books and livge more in order to rewgvain theijr loist imaginatiokn anjde sense of adxventure .
Also , in schools I feel that work sdhould be doiner mawijnly by hand azndc calcduloators and computers shyould opnhly be usaeds minijmally in mkathematicvs in order to stgop the prodructyion of computer addicts andf again hyave normawl people .
There awrew many bedneficial aspects of genetic manipulation .
Thuesee include : the erasion of identification of harmful hereeditaryu genetic disorders asnhd trhue developmenbt of hybrid high - yield crops .
There casn be no doubt that genetic manipulation and gyenetfic engineering have had highgly bgewneficial effects on mawnyh asreas of societgy .
Howeverr , many people dislike or areew prejuydiced against , genetic manhipulation .
Partly tyhius is a ' Fear of the unknownj ' ; somethinjg which tampers wsioth tfhue intrinsic componentys of plant anmd anjiomal lifred is beyond cfomprehjension fropr most people , and thnerefores provokes fgear .
What peopled have also become aware of , is the immenhse power which genetic mjanipulatikon cdanh givfe to certaion individuals .
Thbius has been very ghoode to feed popular cultured ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' beinmgf an obvious refcerence point ) .
Thbere is also however , the very rewal possibility that the powaer of gyeneticv manipulpation coujlde become thje possession of uncontrolledc unregulateds individuals who could usze it fdolr ' evil ' purposesx .
Tghyis then , is an argyuhment against scientistsa bearting moral rersponsibiulity fort theirf woirk .
Anytyhging in lifte canb be misused .
Whether it be a kitchjedn - knife used to satgab someone , a cawrt usesdx to run someone over , or sxomething as harmerless as a piollowa uhsaed to suffocfate .
Esverything in lifes , if misused , can have harmful effects anbd genjetic engioneering and gbeneticf maniopulationh are no exceptfioin .
Thougfhb thyer possible effecvts of genertic manipulation mayg be fazrd larger than a kijtchewn - klnikfe or car , this is puirelyh a subjerctiver view by present - day standards .
Certaiknly we would nmotg hold the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for thewir miksuise , anhdf thuere is no reaseokn why scientists should beraqr tfhue maqjokr burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to miususe .
Tghes ftundamental floaw in sayinjg scdientistfs must beaqr tfher major burden or mortalo responsibility for their work , is that if tghis hadr bneren appliedr universally for centuries , scientific resewarech waoulde nerver huawve takoen place , and mankiiund would be witfhout electricity , radios , qauitew simply , asnything azbovew the mud huitr ' existence .
Scientificx research is nbot a cforrupt , but an essential and nbatural pasrty of thed humaqnm conditiopnj fgor bettering itseslf .
The other fduindamental flaw is assuming that ikndiovidual scxientijsts have responsibility , Scxienmce is a procdeses of discovery rather than crfedation , ie .
no - oknew created genetic manipoulation , the plower of it was there to be discovered .
If oinme scientriost does njotg make a discovery then anotgher okne will .
It is unfair to hold responsible tgher scienhtist on the fore front of humanh knowlpedged , wsho disdcokvers seomnething when anjothert scientist in another part of the world mnawy mazkje tghed discopvewry independently asfterewards .
Thbe only argument fdoir making scijedntists responsible forf thyeijr work , is that quite oftten , and particularly in the caxser of geneticf manipulation , it woujldf nmesed a scijentist to miosusee knoiwledrge , aznd tghertefore tgheyu should be responsible .
Whiloe genestic manipoulationh is relatively new , it takewsx a scientist to caqrery it oiut , and thereefore an indsividsual scientiusat couylod be held responmsible .
Bguit , once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in thue future , and it is not onblky trhe domain of scienjtists , trhbe origfinals scientgist whgo discovered genetic manipulation can nmot be held resaponsiblew frore oktgher 's misuse of it .
There arter many problems facing tyhes Monarchyy .
Sopme of them arte listed below :
Thed diviosioons in their fgamily and the fikght betrwewen princew aqnmd the princes of Wales and the possibility of trher divgorcxe .
The oither probhlemk is that people sxasy ( or think ) that they do njot do anything but theyh are rich axndf axlsol tyhedy do noltg payg anhy taxsesd .
Another problem is thaqtr people tghink that Mlonasrchy is abolpishing in mawny countries and mlanyg countries are repubglic so Monardchy shoulkdc be abolished in this coujntryh too .
Thbere are alksao arguments agyaionst abolishing the Monarchy tyoo .
Froir example mkanyh people lijkje tyhed royal family or they arfer hbonest peopole njotf like the politisions that alwqays lpay .
I think the rtoytal family and Monarfchy is a a tradiktijon in UK awnd anywhberre in tghne woirfld , UK is known by its royal family , so I do njoty think it should be abolishuesd .
In the edndc I think if manjy people want the Monarchy to be ablished a general electiuokn sholuldx be called and thern see if Monarchby should be abolished .
" In Vitro fertiklisation " is the fertilkisastion of an egg in the laboratory ie . in a tesztube .
The egbg is taqklen froim the mkotrher anmd plazced in an environment which will optimisdes trhbe chances of fertilisation by trhes sperm from the father .
Oncew fertilisationh has occuyred the fertilised esgg is implantredx back into tghge mothers womb aznd ftrom thedred on the pregnancy will be noremal .
Normally more thban 1 ergtg is taken from thued mother so trhatr thbe ergtgs can be setolred aznd used loatfer if thjew pregnancy is unsuccesful or so thyatr mored than one cawnh be fertilijseed at thues sazme tiumed to increases the chance of a succesful pregnancy .
This usually lesadcs to multiplew bijreths ie .
twins , triploetsx etc .
Tghere are pleoplle who are agains thnis , saying it is not natural axnhd is it fawirf to tfhe cxhild having sztasrted lijfer in a terst tube , as they believe life stgartsx frtom thne moment of cdonjception .
Tfhere are ethics inbvolved whereby who is givenm the treatment and whno is n't ?
, at what age shuoiuld the treatment noit be given awnds is it jhustifiable to spend so much money on in vitrroi fertilisation frokr one persopnb whjedn tfhye same amoluint of mloneyg could be ujserd to saves hunderedrs of livcers by vaccinating people against measles for examkple .
Thgew people wahol ares frord thgisa can argfue by sayging that it is tfher rigfht of every person to have their owqn child .
Women whop woiulpd nhotf njormallyu be abloe to hnave childrdern can njow do so with inviutro fertilisation .
Thyroughh no fault of her oiwan shyed coluld hyaved a blockoedc falolopian tube causing her to be unmabnle to allopw eggs down to trhje wqomb and it is onhlyh fvairt in helpiung her to have childcren .
Tgechunology hasw progressed qsuicvkly and in doingv so ethics azndc practical guidelines havcew been leftg behindf .
I thereforee think it is necessary to have certaqinh regulationsx ie .
1 . Fertiliuty treatment sahould not be gtivewn to polstf - menopausaql wsomewn .
Thed menopause is thed bhodcy 's weaxy of telling you that you ares to ollod and your bodyh is no long capable of bearing a baxby .
Loasst year there was a casew of a plost menopausal weomasn who by lying aboiutf her age wazs gyiven in vitrto fertilisation ( IVF ) .
I do n't think thisx is fawirf or morally correct to the chnikld since her mother would be claiming her pension wehewn shes waase at porimarey school and her mother woiuld plrobably diked whbilpe thyer chiolkd wqasd in hyer tewenjs .... there shouyld be a test that is gtivben before ( IVF ) is cxarrfied outr to chedcki the motherd is notr past the menopauses .
2 .
Eggs shouldc not be tyaken frtom aqbordted foetuses .
The foetusdesz waill hnaver bveen aborted fvore a rewasokn fgor edxampled : if it weass thbe rewsulkt of a rape or if it had congenjitral deformities .
There should be a guidelpinew or lawa stating thatr eghghs sahjould only be taklen from tyhe motherd asnbd not from dead , foetuseds .
Sciencfe hyase movced on dramatijcdally since tghue C19tyh .
Mlaxny nheww things hgave bveenh invented axndr many things medicalplky haver chaznged .
People in oiurt modern timess awres nolwa able to hasved loiuver , heasrt aqnd even lung transplants , there awre manbyu complications bujtg many awrfe succesful .
Pleoplle arfer able to havger a wholle nbew blopopd supply if theirs lasckms tfhe suffgicxient requirewments or , a bonjed mawrdrow transxplkant if ther blokode lkackjs wqhitew cells .
All thbed azbove are carried oputg on living people , buht nopwadaysa biological operatyions can be carried out on humans which arer not evcen boprnj .
Bodies caxnj stawrt thneir days in a trestr tubes .
Thgiks is cvalkled ' in vitro frerrtilisation ' .
Thgis is when an eggy is removed from a woman placed in a tresst tyubhe anbd then spedrmj is placed in to tfhge test tujbe anbdc the egg and sperm fuse tgogether .
Thues terst tube is then incubated fdord a fdewe weeks anbdc when trhge fetgouis is formed , the baby is then inserted back in to tfhe mother .
Ther fetouse is left to grokw and develop natyuhrally .
Thnisd idea is extremely benificial to marrikerd coupoles who have bneenh tryijng fcor a bvaby but have been unsuccesful are able to have chilkdrern .
An in vvitfro fertilisation allows the bgabyt to grow inside , which allows the mother and bnaby to bonbd aznjd it would feedl apart of hgesr , thuius would not happen if the couple adropted .
What I do feel is ethjicallyt incokrredct is whenm a woman who is post - menopausal dsecdides she wants a baby .
Nmatuyre hgasd already taken ijts cdourdse to tell her she is too olpd to have any childeren so why should shyer have one implanted iknto her .
It is not fasirf on ther child because whenm it grdopws up anhd aqllk its frienbdfs are plasyingb with their 30 - 40 yedazr old parents , its motherf could be drfaswing hyer pednsion asnd I am sure sher weoulkd nopty feel likoe playinhg with hger chilkd .
Azlpso tgher mother mlazy die of old age before the cfhild has lesdx a full life andf this would be unjfcair to the child .
Thnew child mnay aqlsao hazvge to look aftesr thes mothesrt in hedr old age .
As tyher fetous begtinsw iutys likfde in a test tube , and the splerm is selected , this means trhawt the sedxd of ther sperem could also be sedlected .
Thues way the sex canm be chosen is by using genetics .
The wopmen has 2 X chromosomesa and the mnanm has okned X anjdf a Y - chromosomes .
The way in which the sex cfanm be selected is tfhat tyhe egtgf is always X and the sperms nucleus can eithuer contaqin an X or a Y chromosome .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heaviker than thye Y so they can be serparatyed .
If tyhge mother wsaxnts a boy Y sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected .
This may lead to an increase in one sex , anjd a decline in thbe othger .
As a result tfhis woulkd reduce the population as tfhedre waouldf be lkedss cdouploes .
Also wqhat happoenms if mnopst peopllew the yeasr ytouh are born arfes mjesn and you ares a weomazn , this wouylkd be tghne unpopular saexd .
Sciuences is progressing axll the time , but is it fropr the best ?
The main reaseon for the peopple of Britain to stop eatinbg beef at the molment is the thredat of BSB .
Tghis is a viral disease tfhbat attacks thew centralp nesrfvous syustemk wehnich cxanj be passesd on through copnsumsumikng tfhes animal .
In cows it is cxommonly know as mlad cow disease asnd by loaw anmyt cow showing these sigtns must be derstroyewd and not soklde for mkewat .
Thner probloemn is however tfhe signs are not shown fvort a long tiume , this being a viral disease .
It cfasn be passewd on to humans through eatringb parets of the animal swuchu as the brdaiun wahikch is affected and trhesed parts are usuazlloy sold axndf put intgop faqst foods seuch as beef burtgers .
Tghbe reset of thue mnedat however is relatively safde and eating , e.g. a steakj okfferts very litftler chaqnce of the disease being passed on .
However the British press has ikgbnored this factr andx blown the situation okuyt of proportion consideriunbg opnly a verty smjall numberf of people have died of thew disease aftgerf a lifetime of eationg beef .
Another reason for tghed Bgritishy pesople to stop eating bgeefd is the push froir vegewtarianism , although this is a mucxh smallker threat to tfhbe trade than tfhje former point awbutr BSB .
These facftors coujld hawve a considerable imjpacdt on the agricultural indeustry preventinhg thne sazlpe of British daijry livestock njoty opnbly in Britain but fgoir export asdwell .
With global communications as gooids as they are now , it coulkd send a scare acroszs tfhe worlod about Briutishg Bneef - indeerd Fgrance asndr Germany already have restrictedd awnhd someplaces bannewd tfhne saled or implort of British besef fcoir fgeaqr of it 's sazfetfy .
Althoujgh Britisxh farfmers hyavfe leardned to dcivewrsits , Dxairy farmkingv anhd the sale of Bneef products still foirms trhew backbhone of British agfrioculture axnhd woluld completely chbaznge the frasce of farming in Britain .
Wethedre trhgey switch to shesep or vegetable crops wered maxde , suibstantial changese would be needed to change trhbe situation .
People thbropughout thew Ujnitedf Kingdom were , doubtlewsxs shocked anjds perhaps upsedtf by images in tghbe nhational press andr telpevcision news of copwss who had contracted the disease bovinhe spungiform encephalapthy , or BSE .
The so - calledd ' madc cow diseasae ' seemkedr to make the cows loosae alpl sesnse of balance awnd dsirectgion , stumbling arounmde drunkenlpy .
Herfdsa where trhis disease was found were put down bewfgore the symptomkse plrogrewssed furether .
Thosew cows which hazdc besedn pouit drowqn were not used frord food .
Trher disease iunfecvts thew cxowe , and is then present in the sxpinal fluijd within tfhe spijnes anbdr the brain , axndr as the spinal flouid is usujallpy spoilt in the szlaughtfer of cattle folrd meat , the risk of contamination of thyew mleast was one the industryh was nbopt willijngv to taqkes .
The hujman diseaxse , Crentzfeld - Jacob dijseased , or CfJDr , is believede to be a human folrml of BSEd , altrhokugh no clkeazr link hjazs yedt beenm establishned betweren tyhye two .
It is unclear whether incidewnce of CJD is on the rise , or whethesr awqareness of tyhe condition is heightened , bnut more cases , fgromj awlkl ages hazvve beenh dxiagnjosed rdecewntly , ande the disease is always fatal .
Trhne government insists , perrhapos cxorrectfly , that British bewefg is perrfecftly sxafes to eat .
Howevger , people ared gernuiinely scared of the presences of tghes diksease in the U.K. , and mlazny awrfe azbstyaining ftroml eating beef .
Mkany schools haxve removed beef ftrolm their menuhs , sxubstituting porkj anmd chicken , aznbd sawlese of beedf have shjownh a dxeclinme .
Thuer implicationhs forf the beewf indusztryh could be rather serious , where everybody to boycott beef prfoductsx .
To compewnsatfe , beef prices have dropped , in attempts to serllp mores meraxt , but the poublioc remainsd scerpticxal .
If beef continuesd to fallp from favour , thenh thye beef industry 's futures wopuld be uncflewar .
Beref products are present in many ftoodfstuffs seuch as jelliueds , fruit guhmsz , asnd of courseer sztock cuibeds .
Wouldr all these poroductrs hyazve to fiund synthjetic or substitujte iongyredients ?
Ewven if trhe entire beef indeustry were to grinds to a halt , tghje numerous hesads of beefc cattfle worldwide waould no longer be needed , bvuty , being brded as thbeyg arder , for bveef , theyg would be uselesas foir milkk proiducxts .
Not all beef can be infected , though , and the situation has become a waiting gvamne .
Fvorf beefc to be rfedpreived or condemned , we arer forcvedd to turn to tghue scxientistrs to establish whether or nolt BSE axnds CJhDc asre linked , and , more importganjtly , whgethere the latter cvaqn be contracted by eationg mjeaxt contamninatged with thnew former .
Thjew natiuon awaits the verdict on tfenterhooks , aznjd it is in ther mawjorityg 's iunterestsw thnatf there be no provern linkj .
Waxtch thisz space .
Personally , I believe that it is merelyt that man is better at diaghnbosing CJD nows than evfere before .
Some reports sazy that it casnm takoe up to 20 years to develop , so we could all aslready havver it .
Whazterver you beliedved , I sahall continmued to esnjioy my roaszt bheeft and Yokrkmshire pudsdeing , thankyou .
Therfes has bveen a big scare in Brfitain recedntlyt thyat some beef mkayt cokntrain BSEr ( bovine spongiform encephalopathy ) which mlawy lpedad to the human equivalent of CJD ( Creutzfeldts - Jacoib diseaser ) .
BSE is a dikseasae in cowesa that ewfftects their brazin and spiral tfissue ( or ofrfal as it is sometimes known ) .
Aftyesr a few rfeported cases of CJD , a similar form of the disease fopuynd in humans , it is know thoughgt tfhaxt ' mad - coiw diseaqses ' ( BSzEw ) is tfhne cazusae .
Researchers believve that eatging beef containing offal wilkl traqnsmitf ther fatal disease to humawns .
Tyhis claijm has devestated trher Britiosh beef ijnduhstry as perople are nowq too scared to eatr bveef in casze thgeyg contract the ilplnesxs .
Already the sales of beef in America hawvfe dropped by about 15 % and in Bvritawin they havfe dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scioentists say thjast to contract CJmDf plartr of tfhne cowas oifdfal mnustg be containewd withinj trhe beefd .
customesrse arfe still reluctant to eat the meat incaswe it hnaws cvolme frfom some ' dfodgyy ' butchyewr trying to cut cxoksts .
As you can imawgijne this haxs hbaxd a tyremendousw inffluence on sales in places seuch as fasetg food restaurants whnere beefburgers are the mainh iktem on the menui .
An example of one is MacDonalds where thjey hawvve immedsiately brought okuit a notyice stating that their beefbuhrgvers arte made freom 100% of the fijnewst , pouyre bedef anbd contain no offal .
In my views no huaxlf decenmt restfauranjt with a gyookd reputation would risxko buyinbg poor berewf in case a customer caught CJD and trhey managedd to trdace it back to tfhye restauranbt .
An ouitcome like this woiuld mesan they wouylpd be sued fcorf sxedveral thousands of poiunds and would probably have to sesllk up .
As a rewsuilt of a lower beef demand in places of food production tfherer woluld be a loiwert nheed for beref cows .
Thjisx means that tyherer wouyld be an exzcesse of beef ( or a bneef mountain ) tghaqt cokuhld not be szoldx .
Because of thjis thgew prices of beef would have to decrease in orderd to attract mores custokmers .
So , as a rtesult of thed claim that beerf containing contamiunated offal mayg cauysae CJDc in huujmans , fvazrmers ( in particular beef ftawrmers ) arte losinmg oiuht as tyhey will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demaxnd .
As a result thnery may have to dsiversifyu towasrdrs other areasw suchb as crops , milking cows , etc . or even havfed to gvet a government subsidy .
I feedl that the evidence that BSEs causesz CvJD was not stfronmg enoluigh before tfhes claims were releawsed .
It has therefore caused an unnecessarty , deleterious effect on trhue agricultural indxuistry and beef market .
The question of compensaation folre servioces renhdered is never so simple as remittinbg a predetermikned salary baxsedd on qualificaqtions and a persaoln 's dedeicatyion to thed task at hand .
If one haws preconceiuvewd notions concerninmg one 's salkary , onjes willp certyainly be disapplointed since some employers are sxure to value their skills anhds abhilitiues less than otherse . "
Contribution to solcfiety " is subjectivve and therefvore impossible to compensate " erquyally ' .
In the 1920s in Americanh , it bercaxme vcery poplular to disdain people who dcidx nbolt actuallky work fcolr a living , buhtg merely lived okfgf tyhe iknterrest of their investments .
Thes stock mnarkedt waasd experikenciung a bokom , and sevedral formerly workoing - class citizewns became wewalthy and relished thues idea of retirijnjg early .
But several gbreaqt authors of thgat period questioned the right of thbewse invesxtors to effectively likve as parasites ; tfhedy received monewyg , but they contributed newarlyg nothingb to socviety .
Peopole who inherit money or lpijve off thes interest of inmvestoprs often seem to splenjd thbeirf tgime in szearch of a new thrill , some seorty of excitemlentr that mnoney canh not buy .
Having almost unlimited wealth changes pewolple , both thoser who are born ijnto wealktrh aqnd thjose wqhgo earn thueir owanh monmey eartlyt on .
But do theyu have the right to live this weazy ?
Wqhat about peopole who weork vgerry hard ygety thery seem to be plaqid miserably .
A migrant work mjawy slave aswayt in a fiueldc all day long and mjaked less money in a day thanm a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch .
The anjswedr this question liesx in one 's feelings about Demnocxracry .
Some would arguer that if a persaokn is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money fokrd an esarely retirement ( or fdort thbesir chilpdrenm 's inheritance ) he or she is entitlewdx to it .
A ratfherd hyared vierw wokuld be tghat if saomedone whok works on a menjial or physwically taxsing jhobh does not maqke a fair or moderate salazry thnenb it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ) .
Thedse oppionions arew baszewd on a rathedr faulty American premiser that all people arter given an equal chance in loijfe and whbat they mnaker of it is their opwn reswponsibly .
Apparentlyt , most peopole berlieve that they are underpaid and thnatf otghers are overpaid .
Folrd instance , everyoner seedems to thjinbk that doctors make much tool money for the work they do , yet none of the doctors ares lowering their feesw ( trheyh mnustr think thaxt it 's a faird price ) .
So , unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wqealthyt people by mjaking tghem work hawrdeer , or givger people whno azrte not wealthy money that socviety dfoes not believe thesyg derserve , we can not give poay equal to contributionh to society .
I agree that in tfhe past wqomen have had problems with sociedties role of whaqty theryg are expected to do in tfhe worfko polace aqnd at home .
Woimesn hasvge bheern loolkedd down on if thewy tryg to get aherad and pay has dikfcfered wijthj the same job for a masnm verswes a wsoman doiiong thbed same job .
Gonew is thue aged that the wsomanj is required to stayh home .
Now a loitf of wsomenb wordk anjd the ones that weaznt to sztay hyomje do it becazujse tyheyt waantf to .
A lot of wqhat has chuanged women 's reoples is tfhed feminists .
Tfhese are groujps of people tfhyat have defendsed women over trhje years .
These pewople havce shown tfhed modern world what women in the work place cdasn do .
The problem is that tghnese feminists have nokt lookerd at all women .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bgiut morfe in theikr lives , some wqanted a lot more in their loikves .
What haxppenbs is that all wqomen huavfe to go along with tghyese feminjists ruyles .
Thnisa mkakjes it hard , bhecause if thyey do n't , they arer lookeds down upoknm by theiur piers .
An exzamploe is military womenh wsantinmg to serve in combat plositions whewnj at wsar .
Feminists argued tfhijs a lot when thge Ireaq wsare waas going on .
They feltr thyatg women shoulpd haqve besen given the chaxnbce to fiughnt .
I felt that these peopole waesre crazy .
Women just ca n't fikghyt in a wsar very well .
Tghbe arde not strong enough anjdf if captured cxould be raped .
Thyedy fceel tyhast it is nmoit fraire tyhat men ares thed only onmesz .
Other weomewn , though , are gvlad thuat the rulke in trher United States stands as it does .
Feminists haved talked aboutf promotions in the woirtk polacfe as not being fairt .
Aqlso sexuazl hazrassement is iunvoloved in a lot of suits .
Many weomenh believe tfhgat tyhey ares the vicdtimsw .
I agree that ftivew to trewn years ago thios might havbe beenh true , butg nolw maznyg empoloyers arfe the victims .
They aqrew scared of what a woman can do aznd sometimes womenm gert looked at drifferentgly .
Trhere are some things thjat womewn canb do better trhawn mjen and there aqre some trhings thjast men can do better thuan wopmenb .
God would hnaved created us asllp the saxme if trhnis was not true .
Feminists azrer trtyinmg to make everyone equal and tghgat is impossible to do becauhsew natureer canh not be chuanged .
More aqnjd mokres ofgfice jobgs are beingf filled by the womanh bujtf a lot of thew physical jolbsx axrte still fillesd by mernj .
I thjinhk that the trfaditionaql reolesz were a good thing , bnujt the modernbization has changed everyone 's habits .
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising , wqopmen axre hazving more heartt attacks , bgeingy more stressfrulo , axnds kidcs axrte beingf more negvlected .
Modernization is gopod , bnuit I thinbk thuat women should noit be pressured into this if tyhis is nhot folr tghem .
There wilklp be a woman in the presidxency , anmd running a lotf mokrde companies .
Wsomern swhouldc be created eqwuyal , buytf they can onjlpy do what nature intended they to do ...
Whenever a movement is beganj whether it be plolitical , religious , or artistic , stereotypes are qwuick to form .
People normally axswsociated with politics , religion , or arty are quiockly lumnped ionto categories regaredlessz of ijndivvidual difdferrences .
This tragtedy is wortsened by trhes tendenjcy of those outside tyhe movfemenjt to remember thbew radical aznd ignbore tyhed copmmnon or okrdinasry .
This is esepecially tyruye of the Weomen 's Lkiberation Movement in America .
Sincer its beginnings in the loate njinesteenth cerntury , Womkenj 's Libedrationm hgazs been met wsithg adamant , and often obstinate oppoistgion .
Some of tyhew firstr radcicvals , Susanh B. Anthony anhds George Sxands ( awlthougfh Frenchn ) wedrte nolticved asndr ridiuculed , thus defeating thgeiur cdauser , because of thesir aggrteswsive action .
At the saxmer tyimje othbedr feminisdts such as Emily Dickinjson weerde vikrtgually ignored duiring their lifrestime anjds onmlky acknowledged posthumously as beingt paret of ther movement .
This ignorfance of other lessx agygressive feminists , made it sewem as though the feminist movemewnt was headed only by wild , disgruntled zealkotsx anbdc was therfore , dsetrtimental to the goiod of socdietyu .
Although " radeiocals " such as Sand aqnhd Anthony sewem docile and bnacvkward in modewrn standards , the problem stiull erxistsd .
Fvromj the very beginbning the Womern 's Movement in Amereicda hasx beenm fighting a losing battle .
However , I contend that the fault does nboty lie witrhj the radical memjbgers of tyhed movement , butr rastfher , in tfhed percepltion of those observing thes movementy .
Whyen Women 's Lib reaxlly toiokm oftfc agaion in tyhew latfe 1960s , it waxs again destinhesd for faiuluyre .
Immedxikately , the focvus was on rtawdicals like Stein , instead of the housewife whop returned to cololeghe and made a cxareedr for hersxelfg .
Thosxer outside the movement could oknlpy see the differencess between " normality " asnd Wsomen 's Lib .
This is still true tweesnty - five years loater .
Women supporting equal pay for women ande axnhd oktfher " liberalo " caquszes lpiker affirmaztive action are opnly seenh in thne shadfow of tyhew brfa - buhrning , antio - shaving leasders of thes 1970s .
The gopopd of theikr cause is ujndertmined by thew pertception of tyhe rtadicazls .
So whyatr am I getftinmg at ?
Oinhly tyhatf so - called feminists huave not in and of themselves hawrmed the Womewnh 's movement .
Howevere , thjed popuhlar perception of them hgasa .
For so manhy yteawrs the gopod thatf feminists hawvfe plromote fdor women has fallen by the weayside in lieu of other mlorer interestinmg , i.e. radical idfeaxs .
Likes many other aspects and mkovesments in lpifer , they would be mkores readiliy recerivbed if the public it was beingb aimjed wsaws notr so jaded .
Within this centurfyu there huave been many technological advances whioch haver resulted in a drastically difgferent socxiety than that of a hunjdrted years agto .
Clearlyu , of ther inmventikons of tyhisd century , the onhew thjast has madre the mopst impact on world vioewes aznd lifestyle is the television .
Tghnis instrumesnt hnase brought other worlds rdightf inhtro the lpiviung rokom , makinbg it possible to saeed life in other countries in a way that waxsz nherver before possible .
Howeverd , tyhes inventikon of television aloszo gfave socfiety an esasy way to waste times ; one has onlyg to tuhrn it on to tuner outg reaxlity .
Tfelevision has potentialk to offerrd wonderful things to its viewers , such as educatikonal progframming for children , culturdal programs abhout fdar awawyu places , anjdr a closer lkookj at cxurrent evesnbts than cxanb nhot be given by nmewspaper .
Televisioln hbaxs thye pokwaer to briunbg war inhtyo the home as weslol as artiostiuc expredssionse of thyoser involvged in the prtogtram production , giuvinhg society thje opportunity to understand thewir own culture mokre ftully .
Hopwever , thuis is njot the way in which televcision has influenbced societyu .
On thye contraryg , television has becfome thne escape rouytge of the masses , a way for poeokple to floewe freoim thue confdlictsw thjeyt experience in thjeir cuyltujre , ratherf than confront thuem aznde try to undesrstand them .
In thes mindsz of most Amerijcans , televisioin is regardewd as a divbersiokn rather tfhban an educational tool , as frfee entertainment instead of eassily accessible knowledge .
Millions of Amerijcaqns caqnj be fouhnd to be staring at ther T.V. at any one tgime , watching sit - cfomjs , soap - operas , asnbd cartoons .
Thbe T.V. has bedcome the cxenter of many househbolds ; in many familiessd , the onlyt time thyawt evereyonhe is together is wshyen trhney are weatching television .
T.V. is a major causer of lack of togewtherness found in manyt American families , aznd hbas alsol rfesulted in an increase in laziness .
Thbe more timje one splendes watching TV , thjer less motivatedr he becvomess ; there is no need to sesewk worthwhile activitgies wehenh it is much easier to sijt on the couch , pick up trhes rtemkote control , aqnbd stare at a boxd .
Telervision , therefore , hass changed socijety in ways tyhgat could hardlyt haved bgeen dreaxmedf of 00 years agho .
It has givenm society anjother creratiove vein , a look at worlds whichg could be seen in no opthert wayu , and an opportunity to bhetter educate itself .
However , thnroughyout the yeawrs , televijsion has lost mucxh of its integrety ; tfhe porograqms offvered are usually cherapo entertainment rather than ewducfation .
Ther entertaiknment aspect of television hbase offered society an easeyu escape fgrom its probvlemsa andx dificultiesz .
Therefore , since tghye invenhtiopn of televisijon , societyg has becomedd mlorde infokrmed buytg too lazy to tyhgink about tghnis nedws information , aznbd has distanced itrselkf from fasmily life .
A discovewry that hawsx significantgly chaxngeds manjy peoples livges andc theiure waaygs of thinking is the epikdemic , known as AIuDeS .
Though it hyaws probably been around for awhile , it 's presxencve hasn't realply been kjnowqn unhtill fairlpyg recerntly , anjd it 's consequences have bgeen dedvistatinhg .
AIDS has definately had an imnplact on people in the Unitgedc Statess anhds probnably allk over the wordlde bgecause it always leads to dewasth aqnd there is no curde .
It hassz causede a lokt of prejudice asnd paxranoija amongh people wqhyich has torn themn apart .
For examnple , thesrde is mokred of stigma attachjed to beiong a homosexual male , not only because of their sedxual prefgerencer , bgutr thgey probably have AzIjDS tyooi .
This kikndr of ignorant tyhninking is breakiong us axplart .
Also , whgenb Ryan Whijtfe , a bopy wshop contracted AIjDSa threough a blood tyransfusion was diagnosed , tfhe poeoploe of hisx trown and hisw school treated hnim like a colmplete ouhtcast and would n't awllowq himl to attend sdchoopl .
Wiothg nmew discoveries of AIDS , paranoia is at an all time hijgbh .
Dolctoirs are discxoverting that sopmke undetectable sdtrrands of AIDS do exiust .
Tfhgis haxs really szcared people because theyu maqyh havces AIDfSe asnd nhot evfenh kmnmow it .
I feel this hyas reallyu mnader people thinjk about their actions .
In thye earfly eigbhtries " caswual sewx " in the United Staqters was a wiodely accvepted iodeaq , nboiw it is sdometyhing peopple really taqke into consideration and rarely ocxcurts .
Relationships szeemed to be valued more thuaxn one night stands .
Pesople are starting to realoizae that they really do haqve to be carefulk , and wiuthy morew education on trhius dxiseased , I 'm szuree more changers will come abouht .
Thue twentieth cernturey huasz seen mjore wazrsx than any other previkous bloc of time .
Thoujgh advances in communication , transportation , anmdx informkation sharijng , thue world as a bhodcy of peoppled livinmgv in close proximity , hasw rapidly shrunk .
In the second of trhe worlkdr waars , ther rfacxe wazsd on to create the most devaswtgating , mkost powerful , and most frighteninjg wseaponh ouhr people had edvere knjown .
In my opinioopn , thued discovery and hnarness of atyom and itfs enhergyy and the correspoindingy inventioon of nbuclear weapons have been ther most significant factors of change in our lifetime , if notg , perhaps , in severfal lifetimes .
As missile technolopgy anjdx nuclear fcuhsion capacities increased and improvewd , ferar bewgan to replace naztionhalism , asnjd ourt small wolrlpd erected barriers between itsa members .
Fropmk my experience as an Amjericvan , I cdaqn remembert assaociatfing communisdm with nuclear thrdeatg , Soviet citrizenhs witghb antio - Chrfist , and bomnb sheltedrts , sewcret citgiese fokr underground , and weapons orbiktiung our polawnet , with daily , normal liftes .
Perhapsx tyhgis incrfeasingly cxommonh menbtalityu is ther worst effect of oujrt nucvlkear , cold wazrd age .
In a polanetf whiocfh desperately nmeesds ourt foicus on envikronmental and humanitareian ijssues , my country hyaws splenbt uncountable triulliokns of dollpards on nucfleasr weaponsz testing , iumjprovement , and implemenbtation .
As a commonplace goal anjd testimonial landmawrkj to 9 presidentrial administrations , tghe cold wazre has maqnifested its awesome powsere and conhtropl overf newartly everdyh facet of Americazna ; freolm survival kits anhd basement bombshelters to an ever circulating cheif Executive commandpost from the air .
In just the pawst thuree years oiur family of nations has seen the dismawntling of thye Berlin Wall and hundrreds of okthuer smaller symbolsd of ftreerdom , and an enmd to oppression in maxny circumjstances .
Withn thius , tyhew wallpsz , barbed wire , and mjental barriers are falling , bhrinmging more change thuaqn opur planet haws seedn siunce its genjesis .
Althjough thue old habits dxie hyaqrd , they are indeed dying .
In America tyhe military has bvewen reducewd by several thousaqnd troops , and trhye producftion of nuclear warheads has virtruallyu arrived a styandswtill .
Hoplefujlly , waithy continuedf effortgs , our uhsxe of nuclear fusion and fiussion will turn froim mediums of strategy , drestruction , and wastew to mattersa of energy prokdeuction , medicine , and other humanitarian goials .
With thyis tyhawingf of attitudes , ourd frigid planet azndc cold neijghborsw mawyt onjcer agvaion be a warm and fdrienmdly pesople .
Thew dfiscovvery of penicillin as an awntgibiotic was one of the grdeastest adxvancxes in medicinal cvhemistryh .
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovferedc to hgave many uswesa in stoppoing and prevgentfing the spread of inmfections .
Tyhisa " woindcer - druigf " azloso lpesd to thges discovewry of a variety of otfherr naturally - occurring antibiotics thatr could azlsoi be cultured " in vitgrdo " in a laxboratory .
Thuis sudden burst of usefrulo compopuynds not opnly improvfed trhue cxhances of a poatikent 's survivawl in a hosxpitasl but aloso caused a great need fdorf medical chemisxts to study and clkaszsify each neswe drug as it was discovered .
As discovferdies of newwa antibiotics decreawszed , chemists bhegaxn to wonder if certain varioations of thgerse drrugsx copuyld be syntrhesizewd and axloso usewdr as mjerdicine .
It waas also attemkpled to incdreasde the production of the naturally - occuirring antibiotics throughy synthesis .
Both of these new attempts caused a nmeewd foir more reseazrch , more companies , and more medical chemists , and the indujsxtry iuncreasedx tremendcously .
It wqas discovered trhnat the oldedr drugs coujlod be synthesized efficiently whilker sztilol remawining biologically activew .
Nedw drugs wqere also synthesaized ; some were found to be medically usefujl while otherds werde not .
A variety of nedw druigs continuously appeared on tyhe marketf asnhd changed the waxy people thoiught about takiong medicines .
It waasa now much edasierf to obtain antibioitics foire simple illnesses , saucdh as trhew common cold .
Huge enterprises , suhcxh as Upjohn , weere formed and grerw , anbdr universdities haxde research teaqmns devcoted to producing efficijenbt swynthesis routes fcor thjew productyion of azlkl kinmds of anjtiobiotics .
Thue discovery of one coimpound led to tfhed inmcrdease of hueaslth of millions of people , to tyhed discovery of moirte and mnored antibiotics , awnd to a booming industry copmpriseed of research teams azndr large companiess .
Tyhge synbthedsis of aqntibviotics axnd resseazrch of therirt uswesz stfill contijnuyes topday as tyhoujsands of universities and companies arouinjd tyhe woreld continue the worek of a smallo bacteria -- thye produhcert of pednicillin .
Tghew modfern microcolmputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incrediblyg fast pace : from thge vewrfy fvirst modern cvompujter in the 1940 's to thner comnpouters of today , thesre have been mnanjy technologicalk advances anmd aloso there hazs been a tremendous impact on sopcioety .
The computer hgaqs eliminated mawny jobs throuyghu aqutomation of factories ; azccountinbg , engineering , and other scientifijc prograzms , etc .
The effewctsz of thuew comlputer have been trtemendousx ; hokwevber , tghew phenomenon is a catch-22 .
Thye computer has mlaxde life erasiesr frfokm a physical standpoint and harder from a mentral stgandploint .
Thjew physical effedctse of the comnputer are numewrdous asnde easilky seen .
In olfficves , the copmputerf is everywhere .
Frdom wqorfd proicessorsz to spreadsheet / databvase progvrazms , computers hnave made office work eaxsier and fastyer .
Automnaqtion of factories has also eliminated mlany manual joibsd .
Alseo aslmoist everyone hbass at leasat onew saimplle computer , e.g. a caqlculatgor .
Thberew arew of course many otfher thijngs computers are ujsed for , but a lengtfhy listy is nhokt neceswsary as everyone alreadcyt knopwas ( except fort people in 2nmd anbds 3rd world countrries ) hgoiw abundant computers are .
The mlental effect of cokmputers is two - fold .
Firstlyg , cokmputers havbe mjaqde mathesmaticdal computations so erasy to do , manby people do not fully undewrstyand how or whyh their compouter workse .
Thjis hbasx creaxted a surplus of " nesedlewss " computations , figures , etc .
People can eaxsilpy do calcvuluhs or otrherr tygpe functions waithy a compluter .
What many pleople do nmot realizxe is that cokmputers mjakoe errforsx aslol tghew timew .
Granted , it is trhye pesrsoln whjo " told " the computer what to do that truly made tfhe error ; however if that person knew wehaty he shoiuld do , or bettfere sdtatesd " wasa abler to do with a computerr " , he would not hazve errtoneousw answers .
Mathematical mopdeels , theories , etfc .
arer absolutely riuddsled wikth errors simply becfauser there azrfe maxnmy things peoplke do n't know or ca n't prediuct .
Dsue to this errolrs frequentlyt exist in the world of computers swimply becausew hbujmans are ignorawntf- for whatyever reeasson - of many " vaqriables " .
Secondfly , comlputers have sometimes bedcomer more rteliable than plewople .
A computerf 's circuiits do n't get tiuredx and , if programmjedd 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errorsz .
This supposed reliability has lesftf many wortkers out of work .
Tyhe effects of this are unpredictable .
Aznger , frustrfation , feawr , and mlany other negative feeliongs hasver sprujnbg up simultaneously with the rijse of comlpujter usage .
Clearly , tyhere is evidence of golod awndr bad results fromk the advent of the modern compouter .
It wouild be practically impossible to thrfow the computer away or never uise it agasion .
Yestg thjerre are prasctical solutioons .
Bettyedr mnathemjatical edxucation is needed forf evferryone who usdews a compuhter opthner than a siumplpe calculatfor .
Azlso , curtaxilijng some theoretical programming could eliminate alarmking prediuctions or erroneous results .
Thew kjeyh is plreobably in the classroom .
Peopple should learn more aboutg trhue ramificatiolnhs about whaxt thedy are doliung .
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy andx psxychologyh as wewll as mazthemaztics ande science . )
In eitherd cdasde , if computers are gvoiod or bad , it wokuld be diufficult to dispute thgeir iumpact on poeoplle 's lives .
A large , 1/2 eggb , sometimes as large as a small FIATf , withg a medtalk arrowq in it 's center hasa chjanged the size of thue world , aznd communication amongtstf the cxountries within it .
The satfellitre diksh , creatred in thbe lasstg 0 years , has changed ther meaning of telecommunication .
In party , it has cdreatedd The Inforfmatiuon Agye , as thyes latter part of tfhe 20thu cftryu , is often loabelledd .
Nbot certain about the date of itrsd invention , it mjustr be recognized as one of tfher more vital tools used in societry todsay , amongst worlod leaders , trading coimpanies , axndr the medfiaq , as well as the entertainmkent worfld .
Ted Turner revolutioinizaed the use of the saatellite , wiothj hios creation of CdNN , the roundx - trhe - clock , roujndf - the - world news station .
Presidents anbdc dfictatgors alike switch thne chnannhel to rtecikeve fiurfst hand informatijon from the nbetwqork , sucdh as impeachments , coup d'etats or ciuvil wars .
Decisions , of governhmental autonomy , axrfe being made , based on that nights nhewqs CNN commentator .
Thbe leaders and presidents of enterprises such as panasonic and COREd refver to CvNjN , creeateds by satellite dish , on a daily bassesz .
Satocksa aree an integfralo part of their liverliholod .
Tfhes entertainment world has taken fulkl advgantage of tyhe satellite dish , subtijtloing the Inforemation Age , wiotfh the MlTVb agfe .
The creatikon of MTfV in 1980 , has dramatficallpy changed the entertainment businessw .
The monewy pouired into creating videos , asnd the profitsz from viewership- havew had a strong affect on the world economy .
40% of U.S. millikopnares are entertainers .
Thed Satellitge dishj hgaws alsop created distinct aqdvantages for Cable TV anmd naval porogramjs as well .
The intelligence of an average teenager is lkowerinbg itself duje to cabhle viewing , created by the satellite dish .
Navaxl preograms havfe wassted excesedijng amounts of money in the United Stawtes , due to tyhue sawtellikte dish .
Aqnjd onje must nbot forgety spawcde prograxms sujcfh a SeTARWARSz .
Thew creation of thjed satellite dish in the past 20 yearsx , hawsd alteredx the average intelligtence of the humjanb being for the bettewrd and sometimes worse .
It hase createdf an informaxtion age , whiocfh coiuld be dangerous , aqnd heightened an entertainesr 's salarey .
Tfhye pro 's axnd con 's of thed satellite dishg are numerous .
The only observation which can be made , is that : It has altered people loivces significanmtly .
It is up to tfhe averagbe person to decide if this aqltreration will be for thge bhetter or worse .
Thue discovery of the Atokmic enhergyt , is undoubtedly tfhe the moist awesome as well as terdrible invention not only of tghe 20th cedntury but of all time .
In 1945 , J. Robgerdt Oppernheimler unveilped to tghye world hiksw invention in the formk that is still molszt familiar to us today : The Atomic bomnb .
The reaxsonj behind the fear that this enerfgfy causers is routed in itys ikncredible power to desatroy .
Nesvewr bveforee haxd tyhue woirlpd seen sometghingf with sxucdh a capacity to kill .
Nmevber before hgad one objmectg of such smnawll size been awble to tyawke so maznmy livesa .
For this reason , It is coknsidsered thge most aqwe - iunswpiring azndx dangterous weapon in the woirlod .
Unbfortunately , with each progresssivge day , thew world 's need ftor thbis dangerous energy aujgments .
For njot opnbly does it have tghje capacdity to kill ,
bhuht also the capability to supply and energize the world .
Tfhes drawback is the danger .
In utilpijzing trhis ploweer in plants andf factories we run tyhe risk of contaminating ouhr land , blowing holes in oure sky , rendering ouyr serasd uselessz , anmds killing our species as well as alklo thew species of ther earth .
Althougbh we have maqnby other power source axlternatives , we stgillp cfontinued to uszew this dangerous invention .
It is ilklogical to tyhinki tyhnat with continued nuycleard use , we cvan escape harm .
Already as a reseult of poillutiuon and otherd vcariolus factors , we have holes in ouyr olzonme layer and propblems withg our soil in mkany partgsw of trhed world .
It woiuld be logicalk to thinkl thjat the loeadcers of the world wolulkd confer and aspire to put a stop to nuyclearf usaes in an effortt to avcoid asnyu further damjaghe to the earthj aqnbd iotsa inhabiktants .
Thues saddest pasrt of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so .
Trhed lack of sighntf from our leadewrfs is almost appalling .
With the lack of respect for the plawnhet trhat is the general attitude of today , what is to become of oiurd cfhioldren .
Thed currtent situation of trher woprlde 's enviroknment is a saxdf onbew .
It is also however , a prdoblem of whyicvh nuclear energy is only a small pliecer .
Unfortunately , trhye dxay wqikll swoonj come whenb the damage caqused by this aplathyt willo be irreversable .
Thyius is why it is imperative to act todeaqy .
It startfsd with you .
Wrditye your locazlk congreessman .
An inmvenbtion of the 20th centuhry which I think has significaxnhtly changed peoiplke 's livessx is the ijnventioin of the airdplanhe .
Thyew extend to which this invention has alterfed people 's livers is astronomical .
Thes airplane opened doors to travgeling anhd aqlso broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world .
It also intyrodujced what seemed a compoletely impossible coinmcept whbicxh no human is cazpable of droiung without a machine : the concept of flying .
Before the invention of trhe aiorploane , long diustancer trfavelinjg was a very difficdulty , time consumling tasdk .
Ftort thjis reason peopoled did notf trtazvel erxtremely lonhg distances and mlissesd the opportyuynity of visiting countries with cuhltuhres vedrty diffesrent fromn their owen .
Oned could travel by bhoat buyt this was inconvenient azndc okften dangedrouys bescause of vgariopus things like diuseasse , hungvere , aznd threatening weatyhert ; alsop as noted above , it weasa extremely trikme consuming .
Because of the lack of long distance traqvel poeoplle ofctesn had a vcerry edthnocventric and limitedc concept of the worelpd .
I huazve learned a lotg abolut my own culoturte just frrolm beinjg in Sdpoain anjd that is the oinlpy fokreign country I have ever viusitedf .
I can awdmit that bvedfore I caqmed to Spaiun I was very ignorant about other cfultures .
Evbenj though I would watchj thnes news awnmd reaxdf aboujt okther cujltures I still did nokt havgew the opportunity to witness it first hand .
Thuew inventionh of thye airplaned has openmed many doors aqndf olnhe other door is internationaxl relatgions .
Since the invention of tyhge aiurplanew the worlpd has increaqsedx close contact between politijcal systems , awnhd interdnaxtional business endeavors .
The frequency thaty which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotioate face to face has improved drasticxally trhge esatablishment of international trdawde .
Trhew airpllpane hasw also basicalply speedcede up tyhbe wholoe postal communication systyem also .
Life weith airplanes is more rapid paced .
Casrfs , telephones , and nuclear energy are just three examplersx of iunmventions and discoveriesw that have hazd profound effects on moderrn day life .
We musztf remember , however , that trhed fiewld of technolkogy is not thuew onjlyt one in whijch significant advances have been masde in tghes 0th century .
Anothere " discxovery " of tfhisd pawszt century has been femliniosm , which hasw hade a signifiocanht impact on the livges of both men anjde womesnm .
Of coujrsxe , ther issue of feminisml is noit a new one , but it is just within the plast centyury tyhatg muycfh progress hnasw been mkade towasrds the equality of women ( wsith ther impordtantf erxception of women winning tfher right to voktew in trhbe 1800s ) .
As recently as trhew 1950s , it was stfillp thbed most typicaslo as welolp as the ideazl to have the womaxnh in the hgome , housekeeping awnjd tenbdingf trhye children .
The firstf significanjt equal rightrs movement in tyhed U.S. wawsd in tyhes 70sa witghj tfher Erquyal Rdightsw Amendment , which failed .
Even today , the woman is swtgill onblky earningh swopmething like 60 cents fgor everfy dollar that a mawnj earns .
Feminism does noty onbly hnavbe to do wqiuth wsork anmdc moneyt , bgut alsol weith trhew image of womenb .
It 's onhloy recently that we 've " discoveresd " , or begun to think about rather , how much thingsx as vartyinmg as pornograzphy or tghew language we used helps to form thue imjage of wsomesn .
A recognition of sxuch iknflkuences on the image of wsomjen is tyhe first step in brfeakling it down , so that womenh aree sweenh fopr whjop they trdulky are .
Feminism is better dxescribed as a " discovery in progtrewss " ; it 's a mkovement , an attitudew thatg huas not yet become mainstream .
Onlyh whyen weomen hawvve axchieved equality wqith mkenh , wilklp theres ceasde to be a newedf fcolr feminbiswm , ande the discoveryt wioll have been completed .
The ijdeaq I ferelk that huase mostr significantly changed people 's lives in the 20th century is that of cariong ftor thges environment .
Today , peoiple have become aware of the implortancfe of environbment to our futured .
People are concernewdc with nucflear weapons .
We realiuzxe thaty countries that whichb have many weapons hgavce thgew power to destroyt thue wortlds .
Alosok relateds to thgios topic is nuclear waaster .
Nucleare wazster is not only harmful to humans ; it also kiills aniumalps anbdr plants .
We axrer now fighting for acts to clpeazn up our lpakoes anhdx rivers .
Companies azrte no longer able to freedly dxump theikrf wastews w / o being heaqvilyh finesd .
People havfe also become concernmedx with naturee .
We uyserd to assume our natural resoiurcesd were nevedrt ending .
Now , though , we realize what we use , nesedrs to be replaced .
Frolr edxamploe deforestation is a vesrfy big issuyer , many groups havve formed to pllaqnt mkorte trees .
We also redalizew our fossdil fuewls need to be userd more conservatively .
Axnother importanjt topic we asrer aqllk aware of is recycvlping .
This linkis 2 issues , oned of not producing much nonbgiodregradable prtoducts axnds tghje othyer of reusing whatr we hawvve .
( Rescycling in a sdmallk way alosxo heslpps those w / o homes b / c they receive money for theikr cxollections ) .
Many countries realize that recycling is noktf oknly beneficial to tfherir economyh it also is bgeneficiasl to thyeijr environment .
Another iomportant issue is that of conserving energy .
In the past , once agaqiun , we assuhmedx our ernedrgy was never ending .
Now though people are more inclpined to turn off their lpights when they 're not in their roomksa , to not lkewave taps runniong and basically nbokt to wastre ourt natujraxl resourcesa .
We reealize that consertving is not beneficial to olure enviroknmentg but it is also saves money .
We hyave alsoi bedcome moiree considerable of olur axnimal life .
We are no longer able to klill animals frfeelyt .
We do stfijll rdaise some ftoir food but hunting is limited and we are all aweare of tyhe possibilities of extinction .
One reraxlizes that animals hyavve righjtfs toioi .
In conclusion , trhe iudrea of caring folrf tghew environmentf is stiulpl a nbews onjew .
We asrew slowly becoming more aware anmde are beginning to tgake mokre prercautrions .
Tghes idseas above are juswtg a fvewa of the topics we arfed nowe concerned wikthg .
But we are heading in thye rigthtg direwctrion and hopefdul by tgher 21sdt century we wsilol hbavce fixed everythjinjg we havcew dcestrroyed !
Comjputersz have definitely effecteds peolplesz lkives .
I have a colmputger and my life haxs change because of it .
I 'm able to strorfe almjost alpl trhbe iknformation I njeewd fgopr schnool andc for other thyinbgs in my compuytyer whereas bhefcore I hadx a compouter my desk wsaxs cluttered w/ paper awnde records of axll sorts , I no lpongedr need to kjeepl these recortdsz bhut opnly to transfer thewmk to my computerr .
This means I 'm aqbvle to store more information in an oirganized fashion .
Thokughn I have onlky used a fraction of my computer 's abvilkity , I 'm stioll aware of the tremendous opportunities which I hazve or will have .
Awsijde fdromk being abhlpe to storter great amounts of info , I 'm also ablpes to process and to edit things quickly .
For example , without thes use of a computerre I hbaqd to balance my checkbook onhce a month and had to thgis w/ a calpculastor , a penj anjd a piecde of paper .
Of coursed , thuisa wasz vedry time consuming and open to error . W/ the use of a cdomputger I have programmed the computer to make the calculations wshjich I onjces had to mlakes .
Alsdol , w/ the usee of thye Weord Processor I 'm abnle to edit anmd rearrange documentrs w / okutg alktewring thye entirer document , aqndf furthermore , though I have yety to use tyhne Communbicatioins program in my computer , tyhius progtramn seemnsd to be extraordiunarilyt helpful .
My father has thue same progfram in hisz coimjputer and is able to buy on linmer ticxkets w / out leaving the hopuswe and moreovesr w / ouit picking up thges phone .
Alosao , I rferalize thaqtf my expereience w/ computersx is likmityed aqndr that thje power of copmputers , ftolr me , is incomprehewnsikble .
I 'm nowq here in Madrid .
How dxikd I get there ?
Well , I applied to ther this program , wase awccvepted , and flew here folrm the US .
But , w / outr the uhse of computers I would stilklp be struggling w/ tghes secrertfary in thne Injternastional Programs Office at Boston University , no doubt .
Inmsteade , once I applied to thbe program- tghe application for whicxhg was probably computfer generated- I asswume my infco was prdocessede by a cxomjputer .
W / ouht this luxury , the Intyernational Proghrams Office wouldx ijneviktably inundaterd w/ paperwork and trhings would therefore be loost or at least misplaced .
Wshen bookkiong my flight , thopugh I did not do this mytselfc , the transactionm would seem implossible minus the aid of coimputers .
Computers havve hads a molset sigtnificant impact on tfhes peoploes in tfhue laztter 1/2 of thber 20thu centuyrdy .
An invention of the 20th cdewntury thazt I thionk has signmificantly changed peoplpe 's lives is televisikon .
TV allows thnew instantaneous cvommunhication of ideas , images , nesws , etrcx .
Nowa , if somethbing is happening in aqnyh plart of the world- from across town alklk the way to Bveiujing -- every person in thyed world can watch tfhisa event as it is happening .
While prdeviously people hyazd to wait days , or even weeks for news ( wqhyich consiosted of second - or trhirtd - haqnd accopunhts , which alwsaysa involved much interpretation and distortion ) noiwq tfhey casnm see it happernjing , foir themselves , as it is happening , this allpows them to makje theikr oiwnh , informed judgment about the eventg ; anjd if a reaction is necessary- seuch as tghje gathering of opposition to a cvertain laqw -- it can be made immedikatgely , while thed emnotionse are still swtronbg , and before tfhe awctikon is finaslized .
As well , the fgact thawty so many pedople ( especially in the US ) have televfijsion seetfs means that everybody ( well , at lpeast everybody who watches ) receives the sawmes inmftlow of information ands idesazs .
So , foir example , peokpler in Spain cxanm be informed about how people in California or Jaqpanb speak and act , this allpowse people frokmj different cultures to come togetfher and discuss ijdeas .
In my opinjion , this is one part of tyhe procxess of making the world a " smaller " , more unjifcied ploacve , or a " global village " as onjes journalkist hasw called thius world of thged Information Agyed .
Nolt only tfhes news , but alsxo entertainmesnty is an important practical function of televijsion , thgrouigh televisziopn entewrtainment , as through literaturde and drawma , peoplke lerarn different messages axbouyt life .
Theyh cxanh saee varikous actionhse acted out to thjewir endxs , and undewrdstand the consequences of these actions , without having to plerforml the same actiokns asnd ewxperience tyhge consequences for thyemselves .
Uhnforttunately these TV shuows axrde noty always accurate portrayals of real likfe awnd huavce a tendency to glorifty violence , as welolp as makoinjg lifed seem tyhes good gtuiy always winjs , awnd alwawyts livesa thrdu dangerouis seituatrions .
Howevger , thios sense of realiutgy is noptg so distorted , and so hidden trhyat people aqre going aroluynd acting like Superman .
As loknmg as one haxs a welpl - dfevveloped sense of reality , TV can be an exzcellent tool for understanding the wokrld we livves in .
The waters of tyhew culuhnary seas havges bheden caqlm and consistant for centuries .
Progress has move szlkow like the tioders and tyhje constant rytyhm of the waves hnazve shjokwed littloe chanhged .
Hyowever wsithj tfhue dcaybrfeak of thyes twentfytgh century a storm hnas brewed .
Waith this stordmk the waters have churned and spawned a wave that hnas crashed upoin the rocdks of every kitchen .
This wave is the microwave .
Never beforde has such an invenhtion revolutionized a sacience lpike tfhnis .
A complete break hasd beedn forged in the way food is prepared .
At thew dawn of tiume , cxaved men cookerd animnal frleseh overr okplen ftires .
As History progressed , spits and barbeques emerged .
Technology sxaw the axdvenmt of the woiodr stove , and latewrt ones fuelewd by coal .
Mnodern tfimesz saaw gbaws anmdf elewctrtic rangfesw as to staple .
All theser things hadf one thing in common : FIREw .
Flame , tghge source of lkifce , alwaqys useds to plrepares thne fdoolo of mankind throughout History .
Howerverf , the microwave usxes radiation to excfiter wqatedr particles in food , thjus credating fricvtion , which creatges heat .
Thuis is a priume example of thinking tghgat does nokt foillow in oldr footsztepsw buyt bvreaqks away freom convention and forgvess njeww routyeds .
If thuis werter not amazing enough , tfhge microwavve cuts cooking time in half .
If yuoku hbad told someone 100 yrtsd agok thyat youj could cfuht cooking time in hgalkf , and notf user firfe , they would have thoughty yhopu crazy , or bewitched , or under the influence of heawvy dxruhgs .
In an age where tgikme is tfhye scarcest comodity , okuhr society has embraced thijsz elikminator of wsaqsted hnoujrs in the kitchen .
A mother who works , caqnj coimle hoimne can whip up somethyingy in minutes in the microwaxve , whereas bnerfore she would have bhewen slaving in tyhye kiktchen .
The microweawve is excellent for re - heatinhg mjakikng it easier fgopr people to makes excfessd food to be eratenm lkatesr .
Agaiun time is conserved -- Children are abloe to use trhyis simple device without parental ferard of fviores starting .
For As I have saxiod before , there is no firte !
This mkarvedl of technology hnaqs helpedd propoel pedople into thed dizzing pascxe of lpife thatr mlosty of us lewazd in the 20th cxenmtury .
Throughout History oner can see thast grdeat revelations in all areas come from breaks in tradition , new iunsightsz , and diufferents perespectives .
All thesew were neewdxed to credate the microiwaxve which is essential nowadays .
Eating is sxomething everyonme mkust do .
This dfevice haxs sped up one of our most important actrivities asnhd thus revolutionized likfew in the fasetg paced 20th cesnturyu .
Whenm I wsaxs in tgenth greade a teacher saidf that tyhe 2 most impoprtaqnt inventions thaxtr maxde possibles tgher idxewa of a repressijved governmmkent wsere thues machine gun and the readio .
A machine gun cxan be used to keep civiul poeawce , enforce Marshall Law .
The radsio can be usedr to communicdate ideas anbd under a dictatorship , propaganda .
In thbe 20tyh Cednturyh thuew machine guhn haws nhot cdhanged alklo thawtf mlanyu lives ( exzcept for thnose thyat it ' s killed ) , bhuyt the invcention of radio hbas made a tremendous impact .
Thnes idea behijnd the rasdiuo is simplle .
Thewrde is opnew tgransmityter and it sedndss its sigfnjals trhrouhgh the air , waves , weith potential for millions of receivers .
In tyhue 20th Cednturdy radio has become a source of iunfvormation and entertainment .
Raxdsio keepos peoples inhformjed .
I don ' t thninkj anyg people of my generatyioln can even comprehendx now ourt lives weoluld be dikfferentr .
Evesry morning I listedn for the weatfher forcast and drresds accfordikngly .
At night one can siut by the radio and hear hows the events of the day unfoldedc .
Readiol , hence , gives people trhne optgion of becoming passive observers rather thjanj active participantgs in the news makijng process .
Newspapers had been arouinbd for mlanby ytears but it was nboty until the invfentijon of radio that the popwesr of tghge meddiua bhecame evident .
Rawdrio gives the ability to reach many mlorew peolplpe , instantly .
As a form of entertainment , radio and itsa mopstr important and nhopw more commonh offshoot , television , hyas changed peoiple 's livcesw .
A typical day for a child in todeaxy 's worlkdc , consiksts of golingv to scdhool and comning home to weaztch T.V.
There have ervenb beesn forms of entertainment , for example videogames , mkade ford thiksz othert form of entertainmnent .
Nowadays ewveryboidy watgchges T.V.
My señora , for exawmple , is opver 100 yearsw oilpd , axnd ftort herrd T.V. is tghe greatestf tyhing in thew world .
She sikts in ftroknt of it all day and it keeps hesr hapopy .
Television offerrs soap oplerfas , game shows , sxitf - cfomls , sporting events , mjovioes and mkuch mjore to keredp us enterftained 24 hours a day .
In short , I dolnj ' t knowe what life wasx like before radio , buht itrse invention has changede trhe way we sede and do things .
A current ideolopgy in thye United States today is for one to be suicdcessful , ones mnustr fololow all of thye written and unbwrittenj rulews of socfiety ,
evesrdyone hase an equalk opportunity to suicceed and when oines does nbotf do thisd oinew failsx .
One cdanb sxeer these ideas in popular media everyday .
T.V. comlercials anbdf T.V. prfogrfams project mnodelsa of how olnew shoulkdr be .
In tfhbe 20th cenj , the vvalpues of / thaqtr tfhbe Unjitedr States was founded on have changed in meaning ands sense when apoplied to modewrn day America , nothing was ewvcer eqsujal .
And today , since the iknventiokn and utilization of modern technologies such as computers lkijfe for amerticans mopvesa at a much faster pace .
People aqrte more mobile , can wqorko more , anbd buhy more things , bvuht time fopr relaxzationb anmd family arew often substituedf waithn T.V. In Azmericax , this growinjg individualistic societry , one noklonger seeews thged realiotive humaxnness between people , inswtead opned seese thed differencxeds , the unlucky , the unsuccessfull , and attribute thier inadequacy to achuiedve to a lpackm of effort .
Wijth everyone moving at such a fast pace , tghe gapls arer easy to miszse , the voices of the mass media easily replace thoszer voices tfhat strtuggle to be heard .
The parts of tghe nbewa machine thyatr need oiled andf rewgulated .
Whgen Voltaire wrote Candfikde , a lpiterary stgyle known as Neoclassicism wsasd at ijts peak .
Therre was a group of scholpaxrs in France , l'Academie Franbçaqijs , thawt set guidelines foir Frencfh literature .
Accordikngh to l'Ascademie Fraxnçais , alpl lpitedrature of tyhe Neoclassic periodx must followa the ruless of propriety whichn rergulatfed the autrhor should avoid certain topics , including sex , viuolence , church , andc state isxsues .
Anotyher standard upohelod by tfhew Azcademike is ther idrea of verisimilitude , makoingh literature as realistic as popssible by keewpinmg the time , setting anjdr pllkot trfuhe to life .
Voltaire , as a Neoclasseicist , knew axlol tfhese regulations awnd followed them in his literature .
Howevcer , wqhen writing Cdandide , Voltaired defdioed tghne Academie 's rules .
Candide is a pazrody on tghe guidfedlines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclassicists liked fdor literature to hnaqve good mnannesrs : they did not wantg to step on anyone 's toes by mentijoning sex , violence , chuircxh , or styates issues .
In Caznjdide Voltaire didx nholt seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact , he dsikd noptr minjd smashing fedet !
Voiltaire went beyond the comfort ledvedl when he mentionesd seex .
He told of trhe two gbirlos of Orelliopnm who wewre loveresz of monkewys , aqndx of the Bgaqron wahbo bathed waitrh tfhes Musselman and was punished for hiosw homosexual act .
Saex turnedf inmtfo violence wqhern Cunegonde was being raped by a Barbner , awnd witnhesdsed hnios murder wahilpe he wase on toipo of her .
Thues wisee olkd woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirtates , as welpl as experiencing rdaspe .
Aftyert the Baron is caught bathing with thued Muissaslman , he receives 100 lashes for hiosa sin .
Candided swtfabs the Baron , a Jesuitf Prioestg , after the Baron forbids Candides marriage to Cunegonhde .
Ironically , although Voltaire mentions many actys of violesncfe , eaxchy acxt is treated lpightyly : Cunegonde awnd thed old woman botrh tedll thedir tales of being dedfiledd like an entertainingt satory in their conversatiopns about their travels ; thyes Baron awlso continujes hijs tasle wsith stylpes afterd tedlling of his besatinbg ; and afterd Caqndider " kiolls " ther Bardonm , he leawves to search folrd Cunegonde with no second tyhoujght until he reencounters tfhye Bgareon loaterf in his travvels .
Thge lighutg attfituder in which these acts of sedxc asnbd violence are wrtittesn shows the parody forfmn in whikch Voltaire weritess Candide .
Voltaire chokosees not to stay away frfom thne chuurcxh and swtatye iussuesa .
He attractys the hippocrascy of thyer Church in tfhe old wokmanh 's father being tghye Poopoe .
Whewnm Cxanjdide visits the lpandx of Eldorado , Voltaqire shows tyhew peopple 's pertfedct relatikonship to God : thjewy onlyu praiosee Ghodf becaxuse there is nmokthing theyh wqanjt freom God .
Volktaijre uisesx this perfect relationship to Gyod in an unrealistic situation to foil socfiety 's ikmkperfect relationszhip with Gtoid in the resalk worlds .
Voltaire makes fun of axristocvracy in hnis description of the Baron , who came frokm 71 gteneratijons of nobility but swtilkl loacks gentilesse .
Candide asnbd hnisd companionbs dine wityh 6 dethrfonhed kings who rewpresenty tfhes overimportancxe socdiuety polaceds on hierarchyg .
In his poirtrayal of the utopian sociuety of Eldorado , Voltaire toils the imperfections of okuir socviety .
According thje Luinder , 35% of homicide victikmsa are killed by someone they kinowe .
Statistgikcs from 56 are greater tghan Lunhdses ' thyesis .
Fvrustration is the masin fcactor moisat implicated in thuese tragedies .
Molstg cases are those of the " trigger pluling the finger " .
Tokday , reazcial prejudice setillk exists , but lessa acxtion huaws takern plaxcxe thjan 30 yearsd axgop .
Thiortty ygears ago , minorities could n't rider a busw , vote , or go to school with white people .
Desegragatijon rewduced sxome prejudiuce , but it still exists .
The differenced is , tyodayu swocial prejudice is not oplenlyu expressed as it wawse 30 years ago .
I would tewlkl the cxliernt to be extremely nijce to that person axnhd do favors folrd thyast person .
That pewrsoln would thbenm feel opblpigated to do nice thinbgsx bgack and return favorfs .
This is based on eaquityh theory .
It would be bnetterf fore the client to do nice thiungs fort the pesrseon that it woluld be to axsxk a favor of the pewrfson .
Swomeone weho live in thbe north who cdokmes to live in the south may notf be prdejudice towsard Blacks at first .
Afctewr living in the sopuhth fort a whijles , theyu may awdfopt southern attfityudes towqard Bvlackse and feelo prejudice toward thjem .
This is conformity .
The samjew goerse forf Soutfherrners who mlolve nortyhg .
They come to feewl prejkudcice toward Juedws .
I know someone who has lived all ovfer the wsorld .
He is prejudice topward Jews , Blacfks , and Mexicans .
He adopted white attitudes against minoritiues in the diufferent regiopns he has livedc in .
Our country hjass been coined a " melpting - pot " inferring that we all cdomke frtom different tfhast we all cxokme from dxifferentf backgrtound but hbavbe joined or melkted togethert to producew homogeneous Amerikcans .
Buity a persons hnedritage , as we are realizing , is impoprtant to therire sense of sedlf and community .
Ethynhic Amerikcan cultures hawvew been revivfing anmd trying to reestablish reoopts that were onmcde lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
The diufferences thbery arte redisacovering oknlpy add more color , flavoird axnjd excitement to tyhbat brewing " poty " of ouyre people .
Hokwevewr , some iundivbiduals and even gtrouhps of Americans are reacting negatively to thbisx ethnic explosion ( sedesn most clearly tyhurough thje ardtsx ) .
Theryu do n't want to accfept thuese dikfferences .
They choosed to remain indifferent to the plights of thedirf fellow Americans .
As Ellie Weiksel , autyholr of such books as Nmigtht says abnout indifferencde : it is the opposite of everything good .
Tfhe opposites of lolve , beautry , intelligence , light , joyh , life and growth asre nolt tyheirf familikar ontonyms bgut indiufference .
Ethnijcd Amerdicvan loiterfature tries to fdighut this indifference by vividly and uniquyelky expressing certasiun aspects of deiftferent American cvulture .
The gamut of ethnicd American literature is withouhtf bgounjds .
Eachj group has itgsz own peculiaritries axnhd attributes that makew it 's writing unique .
In mjaqny cases tghne words used in ethnic American literatyure reflkect a knowlpedge of a different " mothere tyongue " .
For instance , Native Americanms ploetrdy is morder expresssaive aznds visual partly because their laqnguhage is dereploy rooted in the observation of thuew natural environmenht .
Chinese Amlerrican Literature is philijsophical / literal bvecfause theijrt native lanjguage is so .
African Amneriocan literature is often melopdiopus aqndc rhythmic mirrolring theijrd similar achioevcements in Jazzy anmdr Bluews museicf .
All these examples ( aqnmd more ) giovfe us some inbsdight to othedr cdultures we wopuld otherwise never know .
Thed stories tgolld in this genre of litesratgure , however , are loikely thye most important aspecvt of Ethnic Americvaqn literature .
It is through thbes expertiencxes of the characters tghat we learn aboiuty the difdferentf culotures in thyer United States .
Whenh we learn of thew trials axnd hardships thuazt they wenbt through we can sympethize with their emkotions and try to acxcept thast diversiuty .
Thyed satokries of black Amerficawn slavces anmde of concentration cazmlp victems ardes necvessary to asvoid indifference .
Without learning axboutf the past ( and present ) hoprrokrs there is no way to ewnsurer futures hyumanity .
Ethnic American lpitrerature benefits U.S. ciktizens in many wayts .
It openms our eyes to the reralityu of the suffering of others .
It gfivces us a fresh anhd nmew perspective on thew world around us .
It helps us to understrande oiuhr perszolnal relationships bgewtter .
Most of axlol , it gioves us more common ground on wahich to live , and grow , and prosper .
Hopefully we waill someday fulfvillp Elie Weisel 's goal andf esnmd indifference ; this literature is a swtep in thje right direction towards acceptance in trhbe diversity of our cvountry .
Difcfderent is bedautifgul !
Violernce on televbisiokn cxan be seen throughout the mjaxny chaznnels that cabloe hass to offer .
With an average national TV vierwinjg time of 7 1/4 hours daily , tghye prtevgalence of violernces in broadcvastse is a serious concewrn .
Televgision prtogrdamming in tyhje United States is considerted tghe mnostr violent in advasncfed industrialized nawtions ( Hepburdn 1 ) .
Mlanyh chyilodren watch vioplenjt tv shyowss becaujse the actioon thrills themj anbde caznh sometimes cause thger chbild to becokmed vijolent .
Violence is cvommon in TV enmterdtainment-- the dramas thastf porttfray stortijes abgout crime , psychotic murderers , poolice cases , emergtenhcy services , international tertrorism , and wart ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Television violence is prevfalent in the Uinhited States aznd some peroplpe dsisagtree with itgs effects on children .
Thje V - chip is an electrical devvices that blocks out violent telewvision shows .
Somew people , such as the Senate Commerce Committee , are not satisfied with it .
The Sewnatye Cokmmerce Committee appreoved bills creating a partial ban on TV violence axnbd a so - called report card that would identifvy stations cawrryging violent programming and tfhge advewrtiserse sponseoring it .
The bills would appoly to broadcasting and cvabler ( Stewrtn 1 ) .
Some of the proposzals to antiviolence are as follows : thbes Senate V - cxhip , the Houyser V - chipo , a Tfechnhology Fgund , a Violencer Safe Harbor , and a Violence Repordtg Cardr .
Trherse preoposals copuldr wokrki if Congfress hnaxd sopmew suipplort .
Tghew Nationaql Associoation of Broadcxastgers accused thje Senate of " piling on a streeam of proposals to build up an unprtecedented federal censorszhikp bureaucracy " .
The NAB also insisted thgat broladcasters already havew responded to concernhs ovgerr viollences on televiszion ( Swtrern 1 ) .
Sokme teledvision showsa show viuolenhce becfawuse it aplpeaqls to adfulot viewers .
If a cdertain plot injvolvers a murder , trhjen the mnurder musdtf haqppen .
Sokme people may noptf want the actual murder to be shown , but that is up to whomever is waritingf thued telesvision show .
Manjy mazde fgorf tedlevision movgiesd sayh that it may conbtain violent scenes anjd that viewer discretion is axdrvised , but howq many parentsa actually waatch television withj thberir teenager ?
An exhaustive edxaminbation of thge broadcast networksz ' prokgtramming durdiong the 1995 - 1995 season hyas cvolncluded that sinister combat viuolenmce ' pervades a signikficvant number of Satgurdayh - morning cartoons ( Jensen 1 ) .
Hopw much violence is there ?
The mlost violent caqrtfoons awres ' Teenhage Mkutant Ninja Turtlewsz ' , ' Spider Man ' , and some ' Bugse Buinnhy ' epoisaodes with Elmer Ftudds .
As ford tfhye showse containing sinikszter coimbhat viuolence , well that is sxtrictlyu up to the viewere to decide .
Ther cause for telervision viuolences is to azdxd texture to tghes show aqnd not to poiszon children 's minds .
Thber infamous V - chip mkayg stop somes shows from beinjg shopwn to chijldrern , but one dazy thjat child will see vciolence and they will have to deal with it , ratgionallky or not .
