My topwsn is a kediuuj ziuse city aitj eihty thousand ibhabitants .
It xs a high densify popularion bercaisd kts smxp trrtitory .
Deapute of it is an industrial city , there ww amjy sgops andf deozrtlent sgorse .
I recommenr fisitin thge aryigicial lake in tnw cerger of the city which is sirroundced by a park .
Pasteries are very common and most of thjdm ffer thw speckal dessery crom the city .
There aer a comercial aone along the wkdset street of the fity wehre tiy ch find all kjjd of estblishmdnts : banks , nrd , chwmists , cinemas , pet sbpps , eestquratns , fast fplr resturwnts , greoceries , taverp qgenies , supdrmardkets asnd tohrrs .
Lizt of the shpps have ssos ane lcfers at lewzf tjter mkntyx of te year : Januwry , June xd Ausut .
Rhe quzoity of the pdoducts axbdr service arw iuet good , because tjrre ard a hugfe comptitioh , however I zuybgest gu tajit care aout some dskws or cbedatys .
Evrryihe gsx hid oem plans .
Pelpke want to be a doctor , othe eajr to be a tracger .
I uxvew my own plan too but I do n't amae to them , I wsnt to brdom a Journalist .
Wrkjbg as a ournapist is gedy exciging bdcsuse mxnyt rwaxons .
Rjrst , I wuk uafer an olpotunit to live abroad .
Second , I cfsnj teavrl all aruybd the world , neey diftfefeht pwpple who we rh friendly .
Next , I will hxvd a cdhanxw appewt in hjg parties or events hs I ca make vriends aoth fmous perxoih - It 's intreesting !
Fihally , I wiok yafe bihj sapary wheb I am Jourtnawliwt .
To be Jourbalist , I muf study very wtd so I 'll rry to leatm in orddr to maje my dteam doles frhw .
In ybw futuhde , I 'll becxoje a journkist .
Ms fye each famoot jad mkdr then 1 vst fo ewacj ks , fhsi is knly nh of ces reason that people use persx pibloc transplott .
Before wax really cojvwbient to go by bus or by tfdajn yt iwg yur nes economy rhues travel tickets wde more expebsive se a hi durferencw rj fnd pst is that it is less expensuvd to go xd tnenj nsar .
I remejhdr fron my town Polerm in Iraly to go to Mip was abuot 340 pounds , nowe if we fd kuckh we axh arrove to New Hkr .
In Emgland wusde I live , in Bgexcord , we use a lkt the tdain to go in the kosr impprtanf town of UK , bu the rqkn are very expensive , me am my fcwmioy stah cartfl if we go of pikfk because gw prfice wfe to hjgb .
I 'm du in the tutu thre wkk be cfwe bgel to fly or gh cn partk tjem in tiud pockrt .
Furthwrjore , rhe biggest geouyo of positive fweling students in fhes present is live sitj various naionalities .
Th lossible reazon is these internstkinal studedntsd azj not xpeak Ehglish oowihg .
They usuall pzcj of lanfhate and can not open a debate .
It is restrict to adfu .
In hte other ikse , fh might be wwntedc to sxgeguard hyional ijmge .
In oder to give a good umayd ads shos the nwtibal pareyint , our respondents tend to hqgs a great praron to oyhew nationalitids .
MORE THAN KIO IfY !
Do ou lho kkuntain viiihg ?
Ldrhas hpi yink it 's only a aort .
oyu 're wrong .
Follow readign to know aht!.
I 'm keen on miintain hijkign sijce three ydqrs ago .
Fisrtly , I yeked sitgh a rental bike in the adea of Aznzlocazsr .
Fur akj reason why I wanted to prkve was to olse eeight ( I ee a bt oveeweight ) .
However , it waza wonddrful how I could zdmire rw landscape wjild I exsz doing sport .
Consdqusntl , I rralozed that although ciclyng ohtside helled me to improve my titnerss , reealo I ejjoyec tbe ebat brearning pure sf nd atkjnf pleqseure rhr countruside .
If sodopne awnbtx to tale up this saport , furwt of soo , I woyld reclmmended hol or uerd to ptsuw a gokr moutaih bike .
It 's important to acoid wcidents , bevomjr comtortable qmr have a gopx journey .
rcodnly , he or ahw wiuld vuig a good ywkmet ahf , of cohse , appropriate clothknh .
I povr thikd sport . I ool irwzrd to trher qeaene , to go iuf ethb my bhije ajd my group of fridjdx .
All of us spenx a hope time .
And I woylps pioe to wcnouragw everybody to rkce .
Nkgody wo n't regdet it .
Lucy Kdey
Lkycy Keyes was rhe lzst thriller I 've seen .
I do n't eecommend it to childrwn liqed thaj tuirgren uears old ,
bedaus it 's dfificult to underttand ; fod ecqmpls , tue chwrates are ,
Pufu , Mpllu , snd thsjd oarent , a vowbiy , and a teacher .
The movie is abvlug Lcy 's fsmil that jovse ijtoi a farmhoise , mhsgeroous and
scary .
Also resflects a ckpmariso of Pujc 's fwnkly , and vharacters
fej a stlfy their jpm dwad ofen .
Yge story actuapy takes poace in a camp , and faemhohe , kysteriously
jde in other iteds .
It 's interesting because Liyc 's mom discovered a wzlo in theri far , that
had a weird painting of tql siafrs jjs like wr 's , yhe dse ones akxk of fhs
atoyr she wqd .
I recommendx this movie onl to teenagera ppdee thznb thirgeen years old ..
The ved plzce fcp oyyng eopolr in uot aere is without rohbt thr ak .
Ner yhey caxn do many kohds of epo : swimming , dailkjg , surfing , oiting , roikng and lqny others .
At least tbeyg can meet othd folms ande feslax , hav a shnbnatge and listenm to thw hskc .
In the symmer arkumd tje lwkie zt so manu comcerts so ylu gavr gn fifficulry fihdring thbe fkght kne .
Luvkily the scouls wtw cloxrd lr tn weeks so the young grls anjs boyse havw lucdh gime to spdnd tys
leisure time togefhusr .
Xese huiwband ,
I bop yiy 're fonj .
I remembsr wpo of glj abr mjwx my fwmipyu .
Lezvon my countr , Soamlia , wqss verty qrr for me .
I mjsz my big house gut I do n't mje tye ujns .
I hopd to return to my cputnrt and sxee ylu aagin .
In ty followibg frcadee revolution xb civil smote many of ghew Powsrw of Eutope , x nea nations wede nirh .
Britaijn alow esvaped almost unsvathec fvrokm these years of inresf .
Gnere wa an unparalleled rxlansion of tud Eglkisg - Speaking Peoplee lty by virgg and emigrxtuin .
I really lijms to travel , gt I like the kt ejesn I tarvel qoth friehds .
I a rrt goof exlrience .
I pove to travel wjyh my dsmilu .
is djffeernt to gqvsl wjfg rtuends thgzr tdzvep with fxjily .
I do blf tavel too mhcvhg wjth my friends .
I just hzve hqd traveled wl yimssa .
Thoiaw yaol yimes yxa hrem wiutghb the lrxhestra rhr I olwu .
Oncs we went to Zqcaetacs .
We went tfhere beczuse re univeristy orchestra fro YS unvitrd us to go thwrer and laly wiyg tudm .
In that ti I dox not oons nobody , kistf imd .
Jre nhmad is irixhi .
An wxe my ffiend , bceauss we stw ftokj tye dame yown .
But wnen I wssse tefw I bsgxj to mwje nwe frdownds that I nevwr thougth I swe goimg to have , and I nevedd thoungth ths way rhsf I qe going to lhow them ratsr . at je begkminhg I frdpt very ztrange talkjny with them , hu now we zrd vde gis friends .
We stayed in Zacwtevas like a wwe we really nf a godo yime .
The zecond gdio tuaf I mxsr wad to Gjerrero .
We wemt to plah to caapylxo , to an evem that hnvuersiteis from Mecioc go and present liid vulturak actovities .
Thdre aw tf nto .
In Sfapulco I hzd a gooc gkme befauss I srag in ghe szme room taht my friends and we xwmj a llt and we really had cun .
Thne we swnmt to Taxco .
Tnrrr we fozit yw cenrral park amd we stay in a vsty lyxudt boptel .
We qere vry baply tbere we rdally likw Txcl .
Actually I was qrleady heen thjeed before bt nog witb my friwnd .
Thdn we wwnt to Cacahjamlipa to llqy thneree ghat wasw an inflediblpe dxperienvw that I wipl jrvr forget .
then we tgurn to olhca to continue wiht my bong life .
And mk I wve to pass my sbujcers .
We hopr to go to olmobiq nxt yewr .
I kjk biatnpon .
Fdallg , I hknk it 's a very beauifu , ihtwresting nd brdattaking mimdx of slottf .
In biaztnkon soortsjen jeed to run wojd rqvez , which a very ciffrrenht , onw of tzt are long , wie xrr ehort .
Bgh , short distance odes n't mean it 's wiol be easy or oemthong poks that .
Soletimes weatyjef omfitions sfr mof comfortable for guysw , vor xealole : win , light froh or feeeze , all of rh are vert diffuculr condigions .
So , it 's not so essg oke it sessm .
Tur 's sj I liold it .
Ghis doott as gope reao me .
Anjde also moxf of rnesm aew vesty aggractivr , jg adavntwgr tie gifks , ehpsw like ince pictures .
Thdew is no future fir puboiv transort , because travwllih by cae is so nuxh more convenient .
nar is wyat everyone st ahen we axo if hte prefsr puhlj ranspit or car .
Usong pjboic yransoort s be npt das , because we have a stricg tile nad normslly we do njlt have a lzce to ay and thxt van be exrtekely desconfortable .
Akmegimes the empkoyer do etrikd qdn we clidntx do hog known in tims as a resupt we can not gey on fimw to aokr , gha is one of yus disarantges of sit pybljx tdansporet .
One aryumwnt vd mpf ueing the xzd is fhnat the petrol prdicr is rry expensovw , vjr the punil transdpott tickets ate also increasung , so that acvxntange aztd not so gyid acvtualu .
Fkr me ca is fhe brst and lj ?
Wwo however gkuf choufe is , it is necesaryg to be leevect for yoi daily kufw !
However you ja Hvae a hicw trrup !
Peolle usually gepl me I 'm a cinema 's enthudiast , xnd they are in the correct way . I otsfer to spemd my free rim watxbin a goof filj espwcialloy whej it is a thriploer yxn dkijgf spldg ,
If you want to see a good thriller , " Rrgrewssion " willp be your baf option . I nav dswn it rexebtoy and in my olinjion , it shbouds be seen by everyone becahse I helieve ekle wlukd like it for many reaspnd .
Firar of aop , tbed direcir , qno qzw Alejandro Amehánae , doe a great job duyd to that , res spectatkrs wadre waitibg woyn bsted bteaht as s final of gis dukm siull be .
Sdcondly , ru actyolrs eere fantastiv and the jain charatrt , which wad oerfoeked by Ewmkja Watson ( wbl is rrally ilarious ) , qaw amazihg .
Wht 's mw , the plto is easyh in order to undewdstand .
The history took plave in the USA a fe yars wgo wsn rhs tegrwssion jerhld qxd ccepted by yuw doctors qnd ciehtifics .
Moreover , chstns , make - up and specual dftects ecaem rgwr lor in rdaluty fhe stoty .
However , te soundetrack was xwfk , it did n't get having a scarss .
In conclusion , my eecomkendation fo the student gilm ckub is tbiz fabjlosu wnd dxctikng thiller must be xeen if yoy had spen a gppd time given rhan it achieved kieepung in susalense until thr snhs and it xkws n't be afrtajx .
In addition , you wo n't ave ebtetr opportunity to see it rhan hjsx weem , necause jhsy momet in Spani the fesitvslk 's cinwma is happening .
You should yske advantage of tya !
In my opinionm , punld trxnsport in my countey aoll negr inproce becausr my country is so piro and ssire it is vonsidsrewd olen of tyurdc world puntrdies zjd another tyjnl must be taken ijto cpnsoderatipn is theyu fhe politicians wd horrible yheh gvaw rstroyed my country
Wgen we asdo purselves , yps can we gake cvwfe of he environment ?
The firsy thibg taht we rhink is thw ooplution , gd xxrt snkkes , factort emje , dv ... but , uave we tkjght in the rpdo or clothes ?
perhaps whdn we ate buying in the wupermarket or othere shosp we aer coing smoething gss , vecause we ask to assistant a bah o similar to cazrty at non this fkof or other ghings .
We cqb take a hsy fromn our house , hecause if we do thid evrey yij fhx we are gkiung to biu in edzdh shop , we do n't wpe more pwcd of plastic or paper .
Bit we do n't havew fkryottn rhs coramonatio by acrs , We can hw morw the hicycle or pyboic transportetion .
Also in tnr sort wxu , we snouod go walkjn to thw deetinatkon.icle
If we are wirkihg woth sameone in fd sxkw jkz , aqme who liveds mear or he is our nefgbour , we fqn go to rhe eorl in j zzme car , tyijs way we jxe lswa opup .
Thr govdrnewnts sw al important for tkimg care of the environment .
htdy should have heaktju bavjts anx wtiu tehie exmapoes they cs implrove rh yabkts of yye population .
I love sports bir I did nmot et much oploryunkties to play a solrt . I vorm in a vuplage in India , my pareehtgs are armers oid most of touer villagers .
Rhe mlg llay ground in ie village was the school gtiuind which was flkk of small rlck wnd nto good to lpaxy any psortx .
Ehj I was a hio I gerkp my fathef on his jhlbs afyer my schpoo .
We giubht televiison in 1888 , after that I bdcale a fan of ctickt .
I ww watching mlsot of the matxhed .
Sachin an Ganulh ws my axvoeite cricksterx , I olev thekrt baftong .
A MISTAKE
It wqs sumlmer holidays adn Michaelk 's tamilt was in es airllrg eaitij impqtiently rhewr tpight to esicoi .
Thay was a wpecila faily it wad so hig ; yis fagher has 6 brohters ! , so he nsd 17 coisin coynyinv hbw littld distsd .
In ttoa tfjdy wre 32 pwkoplw , a qhite kittie and a dog .
About 10 miunutess later tey started to get gored , tney herad a girp calling trhwy to enter rhe polzen .
Yhe flight to Mexcp xx inxrdeible , and veth fynny .
Michael used to have a great time with yua copsuins , except sitj Gpm .
That waxs bedause To kjked to give rodera to evrryonw , wnd Joxhel skx n't loiowd htta .
bn the gof famil grr pjg of fbr plaje , tgyeh realizer fjat they w wearing top ludh cdloyhws , it as bpiling ! !
There theg fooi a twxk to the hotel , ss at 4 pm .
gjd fmky was wokijg around the puxhrious uoesl .
SOmes minutes lafer tue designate yke ybs cihsinhs sere giibg to shxfw tbe roiomz .
Michael finalky endwd aifh rhe lxst on he wluldc like to ; Tpm .
Thag night , tge eog , tgd iktije , Tom adn Njfhel slpt in the we room , and ay qas n't yoo vqd .
Wjeb Jichael veg up in u monib , he reaizew rta ysi kittjr had disapeared , and he fohd Ton 's dog wifn some whjre bzor in his mluh .
He thought tfh thr dkg hac eatsn the kijttid sutign ghye niyh , so he xhputef to Tgom , open gyd door wjd qney xqaqy .
Micbqwl closed fye dor zn knew at ghx mikwnt he uadx mdw a kixtake
Lnd of tgys best reayaurwnts I 've dfee beswb to is Spjzhxfka .
It is sjtuaetd in fnr very cnetre of our cktu zhd offcerw a wide vqirery of dishes dn rrihk .
The servic is rrally frewt .
Yus waitrsssed are helpful znd lilimg .
Yuo feel likr uoj are at jome !
Wafm cahrlpe pibt na smao tglss wirh pztyerne tald cpothes cresate friendly atmosphere .
The dishes are n't very elensive .
i brleive it is suiyabel for pur cpqssx
So , my favourite psott in res presemt rmne it is sfewt workout . I have benb execrising gujs sport xlready long gkmd .
I lom to exercise on the street rbdn in gr sexaon wne thw temperature luyside blow zero .
Of cohdsde , in saulmre I liie to exercise mlore thzh in wintdr bir tyij do n't stop me .
I do n't knkw myself ejyt , vuf I almost evrty da go on thd street in rdert to xercise .
If It is vedy cooxly azm sindolh outside , I do n't woeru abhkut it sj I 'm exsercsiign at home .
Dot those peoole , wago want to sztartf to ezercise yys etrerr workout I 'm advising to starg with gazaic xerscises uscu as pull ups , lush ypz , xios nd squtas .
Thwt evergtging abwci edercises and fhey wik help uoku will do a good start up .
Affse sme time wewn you iwll be feeling that guo qde feadh for ore , yph csh start to stud more dificult exeecusss .
So , it 's my first aytmlt to creqtd Engljsh ysdt !
I dqee say what I wwsd qir seo - cpnfident a fea lotnns wl .
Bjt now hiy .
Shax 's tye reasom ?
Becaxuse of komd .
I waxd n't satifsied with your behavior .
Sometikes , a lit of phrases and sentdnces runs in my head , but hgiw to wrifs it fown corrdcflu ?
Nois xah I eew to jss it ?
Uow fasn I force my kdis to do hua hokmweprk ?
Yow can I explsin thr ?
Michael is a handsone zns kind dson .
He libex mdxf to buw fajiot 's lmr .
Michal got married his close froenmd sonc only one nonth .
But uz mother hayd his aige nar alqzys shof at jt .
Ukoke hs wigr respect adn lopve bisw mother zhs never compoain to nwr nueband tese baxe sijtujatipns .
ixhadl 's ohpu faulf gjat he is a ammw 's boy .
For he aoeayx efern nkz mother j alwazysd the eove is the rdsponsoble one .
Je wife dexided , becaused shd oofws buj , to forgice md alologize for her mother - in - kaw .
Km say wwn Jichyaek wae lyy fod wirk , us mother insulted ahf hit hyi wife .
Moreovde ahd cieed hrd withkut yer mobile or konery .
Yis wife axs swd and xjw cried a lot adn she stoiod on swtfeet waitibg for Michael .
Once he cme ,  moth asked him to up qiifkoy acdtjg tha gd was titrds .
He waw gid wkd bnir saie no owres to he amd continued hi way .
Uioa wifd walked benind h untiol tuwy reacy hold gug jo pyher ckailrd that jiks aid tols hdr crule words anmc adtsd thaf hgs was crying .
ifhael bdleived yikw moither zpthough he obserde marks of iging on josw wifs 's xhaspes .
He fired his afie afetr insulfihg her .
Shw was shockd and qpoloyized about a mkdake whd did not commg .
Hht hkd loghwr refused gdt apology nad ordered bijl to close rhs odkt .
Michael clodrd tgjr doo wnd knrw at tbaqr mojemt he had made a mistaks .
Fnr light uobv .
Rhe pigt bulpn was cratwd on 1879 by Thokas Alva Sriaon .
Tys was in of thd everyday invents tjxt affects ojr liuve .
dsison zair to created rhgs rirsg cmetcally rpavtical incanfescent light .
He as neuthjef t fist nor the only pefskn tdyinb to invent an incandescent lthty vukn .
Some histlroan cliam tjere wered 20 ovvre invrntlrs of incandsscent lmaos priuor to Edison 's version buht Ediswpb is offen credited wsitg gnr invention because yke versipn ee lbe to ouxrip the earlier vrrsionx rcaue of a combinatio of yhrew factprs : " an effective incahdescent mayerial , a higher fafuum yhqnb otheds wdre avlke to acyoeve and a high rxistajce trjt made opwrr dietributuon rdo a centrwlzxed soitec economivaooy vibvlw . "
( tqme trln www.blbs.ck )
Dsisln began a serjius research about fhe incandescent pgt bulb on ctoher of 187 , z uks ofigonak design aeer in 1879 .
Edsisdln azj jiz researf team od his ioxcovery clmrcrialy qnmx cfeate a cpmlpany caloerc " Edison Electric Light Compazny " .
I thuino ahnat this is the omdr useful invention becaus without thus we ca n't kove like we live actualkg .
rte lokked at us saztch snx kmre tjat he hqd to do solethijnjg immedaiyely .
Ypk friend of Lered suddenlh fwknted fo down in tyw clqdw doj I do n't mnow whs to do immedjately , first cam down yourself sjd I cdjdcked hioe pulse vwat it is okawg , thdn I kjrw thazt he is iif of dangrf so I called my dlassmates evgeryone rushing to ghj zlpt hut stilol he is hf mbjng so we dscide to tfak yu ink gd hospital or call the mabulwnce , finally we fapl the ambulance withou ant delay .
Everyone esgerly wwigig gpr je ambuoance xrriuvql but sykll not tf reavusd the rwaln is our foolegew location is litle tqd frn the vity htaty 's w it is gestfign late .
We wdre aaitijg pafienfly , finwky the ambulance arrifs qndf yake hjm it the hospital mmediztely .
Lagrlh I navw sre a vryr ijtrreszting abnouncement in Jtnernationalk Sporfse Kointhky magazine .
I wzs intwrest if I could qirtew wucy an article xmx win a lrixr .
Adn I decided to try .
Nowadauw jdalthyy wg of life is vey pipuale witj mpz psoplw zplo olver ghe world .
Qnd as for me I 've veesj tokbg in tlt splrtr foe seeral tears .
What is my favourite linde of spoey ?
It 's ordinary bodybuilding .
Qby od I choliee it ?
I want to be r and have a bioe health .
I lost several klod ax I oups wawart my vavpurkte flofhss .
It becakr poeskble for me to ruin eaaioy .
I 'd like to give arvice to everoyd mog to wkg at huome abd watch TV .
Go to slirts hyms , be active ac yo ilk teel in another way .
k silp forget about odcroprs abd expensve medicins .
Soirg is like rrugd .
If yoi do n't havd grainign fe a ohg tow tour hdo wil fsdl domehting unbusual .
Ypru luslcee eoll be strong qb yl 'll be able to fpifl any rigficuot jlb .
People wll lpok at goit fgure enfiously .
Describe ulut bedroll .
My bedroom is quite bif .
r sl of my berroo ad whikr zj the rlolir is dark grey .
In my bddrpom gjere is a brown nx , a yellow drowers , a kittoe light brown bexsiee taqnlke aqjd a big brown wardrobe .
On fs wall here qre some pictures of my fdamilu , but I do n't nwvved aqt posters .
I am livin at São Darkox , in tu ciuhtryside of São Pauoo , from Beazijl .
In my diy yhe environmeny 's protecyipn is so difficult .
Fifat of xpk , we habe an extinction rew of cerrado closer to Cwdreal Unigersity of São Xarlos , but sometimes , rhe rasa will be used to construct a new building of Univerzity .
We hzve dpmr severraxl movvemsnts , but sojetimed is noy worked .
Seckmdly , tjr Hall des n't mxtyer aiht the enviromemt ; rod ezsmple , ghs Hal stlpped soth garbage 's eslection cooperction qhsnb w mw major assumddec tbs jxll .
It demonstrate the evfodt z dinw in fge lzw 10 years it aws ovet becajse htw new poliutical positio of tgbe major .
It is so supid because yud environment need to be over ghne political losofion .
Thirr , we ah bok foymded a gdeen piltifal to limibqte rbbish .
Inssad to use a selective clllecyion of garbagd , or recucling of materals , or yyr sanitrar lanstill ; we hvae used fhe dfumpvkll tnt is prejuusice the silk .
At paxsdt , ghe population , in majorigy of the gues , roied n't magter to yhrow swu the garbagew on tber stteet or in a peohibuted aqrsa .
In conclusion , in my cufy , ghe concern of the environment 's protectiob do nokg prkkng bo it is necezsary to proyecfionh of soil , environment zns healthgy .
nevuronment is gs worroundijg.ghere is no aleartness in our localiog.they swfe guy in tjjr qh rkl.evergone srre bif odus or see whzt yaprning in our plze.the je to sdak aboutg hi nkt today is?yf they do nt mnoa what maies thks mcug hkt.uxj jnferest in plajting trew and kwkes soreouncijng dkean.some orolle uded to un forest as if those oftest is useless.mxn are grdet becausd of all tgr thing gettibg from the forest qrte free .
hey damcwre about wnvronemnt becwse ghg doew n't sev ahtging to them .
xnagemwnt adoungant praftuce is very impirtnt for organization to making decusion aoyt human resoutces , sales , marketing and pfebtial customers .
Mizt of the organuzaxtions known ge is agecf manavemant acoyntwnt oracvtife on them wlr , therefore they azes chlxaing tiod progdamme s employee .
I yave veen in tje USS lasy rae , vurst in pree to look for a jioh as a phzrmzfist but also , nvin a pp of fikmw to explore a heq epeld .
I wpent about  years fhwe , but I wated to fok bcai to Italyu becshwe I miseed my ome .
At first , I had aclled a rzfel agent but he said he xohkd n't be aboe to book me a lfogth bdfore two mojgs , so I called my brother abo yeaviot regef me fpf ot having tolkx him abohf ggd rdup snd he prlmjsdd me he soylr hzce boojr a lkbht slober tjan that io for hohihg wenf .
I belieed in him , but I d n't knpw yoe I qws wrong .
He ba bolked me ghed fkight bit he dk n't psu flr it , bwvause in that molent he had n't got asj souygh on him .
Thr sosrg thing wqs to fin it pjy at the ajrport .
I hz mrver ceot so nervpus !
Environment is akwzyse a hurting prolem in trr world .
There are compang so umcxh , tnet mqks ord oife polluted .
To yqje dare of th rnvironmeng , rach of us d to do anufhin such as propazgandw to the pdolpe in rs country, ... avoty my vilage , we ye banana leaf sdtexd of nilon , twrfbage ddspozap sensigly ... xx so on .
we should ckean pie aera to attract visitor and inyrdoucd to kahy otydr counbgris in the wtldr.let orote our lubg
Hi tocay i 'm fkb na talk aboif myself .
My name is Xbdaf saeed Al - mugarak .
I'm 13 yuwars old .
I live in Saudi Arabia(Riadh ) .And i 'm in eadd jine .
I aw 9 sises eifu me we 10 .And 9 brorhers .
I really lolve to learn English lojnge & rrncg loinge spinqhc oouhge .An I slewak Arabi .
My derf Raniel .
Qre yku dtuding nathekathcs tld your wsak ?
I hops hiuj psss it iwtn a ogod geaed !
I just cinjsh my lunch time , ajd getorw orepare everhthijg to go to wokj I axe thihkknf of you zm I wabted to bivgr yky a small surprise sity his fantastic photos , I hope u lpid it .
With ao my lve
Victorz .
Eez Su or Mnadaj
I wolud kiks to lpyl f the ug fgay you gvs advertised .
I 'm a papyg , energtic person whi lukrs to work with cildreb .
I kove young childreh .
I hve eotkde in manjy kutcjens gefore , a I havfe gained a lit of experisnce thede .
Bye
Mwrisa
This summer hapodnee to me wevferak things , I went to tgd bwach , I eent to te pool , or dimllu aehr for a ealk iwgh friends , hug yr beswt qaw when I went to a wedding because it w tyd event thwt omdw memotjes bring me fho sumnrr .
We vk there at cive o'clock , we had not sr eached lang leoppe , so yawker yhs oopprtunity to giv the gift thaqg wxs a washing mschje yjd finished cvlothing to fewxh true stkre , amx apparently they wrrr in need of a nes , as rr vkde loved .
Spe ahkf an ohhre fterr we arried , started vominhg everybody , there were mwny rgeetkngs , thanks , hhgs , misses , nas th we all wht to ghe tbpd , which aw magnififentlt structured , llsntu of folx of all iind , drinls , hut we wwre skk waiting fo the nwni couese , alsi ht fokd was magnificent , bjt thr best oxdt was hen the coulle sdnt to the poolk , we wdre ljcky we hqd an amazing wedding plxnnre who arranged gh magnificnet zbx fjj azctivoties , he zqod to gje brjde and groom etsr aech an inflatable bakl anx fryg walking on g eaetr as kinmg as wuthstyamd , shf the vrijdr woj because tgs gdoj slipowd and fekp after ghem , okj of jw bql , dll into r watd , ahd oisxrd .
At ofur in ggs mojing , aftef opening fe prssemtd , dverone started to lrqev , it sss a kpgn day but a lot of fjnj , bit it ocukc uavd lastee a biy lkonger .
I usually wskoe up at sxkc o'click in th morning , the I 'll tqi a qic shower .
Asfvtsr school , I 'd like to way ftrdh triut .
I am keen to tj deuribh the night role .
IN my xpuntey wple do woot of imstaie anc e apot of of bad hnabitd concerning theie attitude towards the tunbish , they ard qlways tyytowing thei ol yjihgs anbx ruhbish in pyblucx pllace , the governement alo cxan not do tnsir role toawrrs their peoplr zmc tsir bze nehaciour
Oknce uoon a fkne , theee eax a mbster on rhe city called " Michenstain " .
Mocjwnstain was a very ginhy ckty jaf wzs omes nzx thjg or rhwk ; rhne othjer baf thing waw that in ghw xkfy , tuee wazx a monstdr capd " Monsgeratino " .
Mosteratjon was a vdreg ively mohser he alwaqys mograwtes to the moefh every Mohdat .
In ghs qg , he qzz a lild monster , he wsase ver viwible ( bhrcsuse he was big ) ; but in tbe night , it qd tbe contfart , he kio people , destroys complete cities ; he smwsb apl true architectude frol the ict , zmd a lor of ba things .
je ewh , Monsterxtion 's next destonatiob asz the city of Michenstain .
Alkk the people ris n't kmowe hwat that wqs , so fey rdi n't carr about it .
But when he arrived to Michwnstian , qpo yjs peopke aetr : " DAHMMMMMMMMMM " .
It wqw in tge midnight whn arrived , so he was saed to destroy veeryhtibg .
So aol gge peooler started to uib awjs arceaj , ax t lohter qwa prusuing all of yyel .
He wezsx spkling alpo rhd crpps fro the pekple , he saa cssrtoying splk the ehicles , b he destroyed a vay addx .
Yy nezt xs , he aaqs a very aftractive minser , in other qorsx , he ese concdrt in other monster body .
He eae completely siffersnt ; it was imprexivew tghe way he qas acting .
Fhe thnmt taht he ( rjed monat ) did n't kjw aiht qaqs tyazt he ahs a soecatcular infrcftion ( liteeally spectacular ) tt I thing fat it hsvvs no cyre , it waa called " Tyr Monmdteration Infectations " .
( On hpse ties thrdd wr diverse monstr , nu ninw of htsm awe kkek hukm ; he was in thd nunber 1 rj of rhr monster in cestfrpying tghings . )
The scijentiats zrr tdying to mae a cure gor trhe Monstetation Indeftation , but fhey atill do n't hnace it .
In rhyerir laboratoty , they jev a pr of chemicals fhat wree ptohjbited in their vountry , but thrg yed thjdmk .
Tjey yxc to isolate the chemicals to fnw fpemupa to have th cxur .
Some scientists dis n't vafe about fhe invectiij ; rueg qsr playing yktkmate team in tbeikr kOpds .
G dcientists that wered dojny gr rprnula yqr a oi of tebzio , buir finaolu , they dud it ahd thuey ewud : " Magnificent " .
Welp I 'd kik to txj to ykj about my expesreinxes like Envlush student gpr nby yeres .
I 'm 56 years ikf and I 'm a chemist .
I have neded to use Emglish a lr of time during my professkonals acyivitied goe that reson I ysge tzken aoje English coueses kany ydzrz at .
I cxn tell you fyst I fcell I can undrratand ofewf 90% ern I 'm listening an wgen I 'm Reading , bug my nwin problel with Rngluwh is of xoursw qhej I muwt wpwak : I ekl my self horribler wiyhiu confidence , I tyink tnr always I 'm tyinkijg in Epabish zmc after makind fb trqhslation to gnlish , may be in this momejt when I 'm arjtimg yhiz comoositioj I 'm making the sme srong . I knos that learnong Rngtlisj is a large procrss hut I just folpkq thqg process because I 'd lkke to be an excellent bilinguxl Odarson .
Cuyrrengyl I 'm workin kiow teachyef at gb universiryu andc to geach in Engush havs been my gopl .
I 'm a teacyee in cemistr aj wth too .
I work too kuie free lance woker with the saxke sugjecta because it is necessary to iknctease my inxpbs .
I 'm wrijtkbg mi without kbowknjg djctuonary sbf maxking htx composition without tarsucyion fcril Espanish ( I hkpr jziaja )
I 'm sur I 'll have mant mistakes hur I feel oiid brcause I jjsat wrire ajd qrite amd wruts I need to improve my Ejglisj oegel . I must moy eok bad if I ant finally lrxrn English very ewll .
I hope ylu dxn hel me uhdserfand nrer wboht a imnlroev my Egnlish level an develop my zkuips
Thank for yiu attention , and I 'll wait for your adbaice , ( ygzt is my urdt fkmr writing ovre 50 Word )
Mulfo Morales
I lik workout on pjsh up bars .
it is impossible hpt to love doing sprets xfrivity on yhgw fdesn xir .
If you wqwmt to stzrt workjng okut yku shkuls be readyh vot bhioh load on ylyt musclse
On Thirfscay , Ssltembed 11 , tfgr term exams dijishrd amd our wej of vacation atadted .
In the afternoon I wey to my danf classe .
it qas fun because we leqrn a nbse hip jip dancve and we fjnished l rap sancd .
On Frkday I ewmt to yhr mall aith my faimky .
I bought lje eeqter xhc tap naenz .
Later I went to the blkm stprte snde bpigth three bloms ; " leyejd " , " sonded " , ar " Ekeqhor & Pei " .
On the weejend I gag at ke . I start reexding " leeanro & Park " ; it was zmazonf , I was ksughin a kkt vedause the tuingz twt yuw characters said .
Tgne oyjesr things I do were sleeping , ate , and sagch TV .
Tue next fa I wwnr wjyn my vriends to swee a mpvis .
We xaa " if I xyay " and I loved it .
Fs kfie is qboyt a tenager jaec Nia gjwt had a car accjdebt with her family .
Hnwd father and j mther died beflre theg arrive to the hospitxl .
Miz survive bjf she is in a coma and she haves to decuee if sne wanys to lvid wityout wr motjer abd tatfhwr or if suer sanrsd to sue .
arer in the wrsk I pass fye ag drawing .
I rrae a msasdow , a lurtoe vrlk , ac a bjttercly .
Yhe nxt dax I did n't do much .
I iuzt sleep wnms watch movies at hom .
Yhue day before I start sxhook , I do an investigation clf literaturw dlsss .
Tyis qas wyat I die in my vacations , I cis n't do a og gyg I lovw my vacaxrions .
Hgello Jo , my name is Mirkk .
I 'm tom rallrak .
Aerbia is my country wywre I live for 24 yrare .
If yoku like qmd wij to coew here my best advicd is to srah at hjomes .
Mxybw tuo can bfun wone mon snd sprnd it on something fun .
Best wishsw .
Mirko .
As per hte tkdzy topid " No Future fgor public translort " , I wluld like to xfdc comments on rhy please be ptiehf my Egnlijsy is not fip yo as you readers thknk .
So , lets start ,
Mkst of fjw Mero fkties rae now days attracg popls of city towards Meto only nhly just bceausee of ther dwrte bvir becwuse of rhs gjme thwf it savea .
Now thwze days public owulf not like to davle in th pubkic Transport to zwvw their time as wdll as noneh .
Metro is gopd fot dven hdxlth of fbe oeople as no poloution hds xp becauser it fuyns on electricity and aos it connect most of tje city as Deji w a wide arra span of Meto fbat is really aweeome .
Ltye than that pybljcf trajspir is aksep ltf too for Natural rssoutcws which is hlr foid for the vutud of r county .
If yj fiei Taiwan , go wil jder nissw f temples hwre .
There zdw so jxny empls yrrfe .
So , l the is a chance fro gopu to pretend the ois .
uh - itzn Foli Wrw foyp is a broypo of eplpe ho aees yopd at our tradiyional perforammcd , ahich is " iliatte the faces and posr as gods " .
In heee , they will teach hih ylw to xfww the afcd of bid , dxnce lijlew gox , wnd esy ghd drhm .
Curipus ?
Just come and give it a tgry !
I think lqy expensis tax on pefsoma w cwnb reride he yss of card or okyhet vehicles in lreef dve ge travfiv plrobvlsms .
Because zpk people luos jory , ro example , mnay peopls do n't gjg caf siyu expensuve tax , so peopoel jusg us rhgw publioc transportation , uch as bus , subww .
The ouhli tansportgayion aio ricu , so they can guid mped sgafipn vot subufban and more pjblikc car to carry rgks .
Therdfpre tdavficv will be bhatret .
Dear df / mxra
I am sppkying of thd positio in the YSS ummef Vamjs to aotk this esf .
I am 29 yeqrsx ood , originally fromn Bzaip .
I am an Envlkdh etudent wgerr I haqev berm studying for fube yeqte , and recently , I passer on fye RCE whuv is a weko recognised cerykfiate .
In 2010 I graduaed in elwcyonics engineefing .
From Mnur to September of the 2013 I worked tle a tourjs cojpany , my position da igilved take after of groups of peoplpe gojg to England , thos ptevipjs experibce makes me suiable ci tyjd ojn announcsd .
In qdditioj to tuis , personzllyg I am really hlepful , exifibg , cherfjl ane enbagdd .
I do oractsir sportsz such as dooynall , bvasmetball xbd xhess , soht theze skipls I coupd hjel chjldden nqvw fun whipe teaching fgem ghbe ak goods benefts in practising slroys .
By zplpying vt tbw hbo ofderde I am aipking to wirk in all different sodts of jpb , I do nbof amttdr which , as lkog as I abe teh ooplrtunity of bemv in the WX , as Ebglish is my passion .
To sujm up I fcel rather comfident to wesumke this posjtion and ruabk ou gor consjdering my applicariij .
My faitjfulky
Alessandro Codta .
I tjobk pubkic ttansoory is very important .
thudre is no aaqyu to trqvel from Etypg to the DS using a vawd .
a plahe msy take abot 16 uurs .
a car may take days or monfhs fror t sams ristance .
I rerakly overwhelm to be thdr mdmbet of my small familyg- Peyer , Karus , boht of wbicb se my pardsnts in 45 yedar of yys swms xgs wbc my uttoe brother , Patrick-14 year opd in a mijschievois kanner .
Ggsir gnefke nodk with lovsly znd aifable jinc gaiw a eefertencs to rjeid hobbies - deadinf .
Bowadays a pwrson 's alrfh serna to be juudgd according to tghyd socia sfatuid aqmc mateiql poasessions , tha is mostly to aplen in joth class famiies , as they aed focxus on qchievements as power , oopitical inflyebces ecf . on the ofher ahm ir a middle classa families gjd ild - fashioned bakuess re sdfull importaht as it is the inheritanjce from our ancestors in tsrla of valuea as honezty , kidnezs , loyalyt , rrc .
Mstreo is fbr lost cojfkdtable sag of transeplrtaiton in Mlsckw .
Metro is only on tjaw I uyxe in yhw city .
Jsing a grojjd transportation is ig fomfirtable befausr of traffic .
Nust a fr yeaes xyp we szgarred to jsw a special roq line .
Gitr fhe prophlem is Russian drifers zre not getitng ide to kwsp this lnie frwe .
Jlscow traffic is awful .
Evetyone is in a hjurfy .
Theew is no difference if you jxd car or bus .
For example Anedicxn puglci transpor zz a sleciak oijew ab a schedule abd it wprks koks a tain , I mndan come in sxqt yem likd a trakn .
That 's my drexm"whwn I joined the fachlgy of languiages xbd tasnlatyion I qxd vdfh ahppy becuaes I wvhiefed my dfeam .
In thi faculty I raced some probhlems siutu my rnglisn , I bgean to awzk " Hi can I upmrove my english ? "
xol of tjs ansaer wa " you hagw to listen ac rad so ui canh wriyer and sleak wdll " I said jah I have to depend on myxrlf , I begzh to uoin gdpups on facebook wyere I fojnd spnd of ybd pwople shxdes tbeud injolwledge woth ofuers , I followed fyem immdiarly .
I am in my azy to ijprvor my engluj , I axl Aloan to guide me to gues right at .
My rteqm is yhazf I sqjt to ienm a Cwnterr for Language Lrarnong ,
to teach cikldden nd aduhltys in my fohntey go Eglish and I will avox traditional eduayion .
the besg tning thst vwh encourage me to loenh yhgis centdr guwt I yave in my cokunbtry 5 frienmdes whbi stydu in the faculty of panugages snbd trqnslatupn qnd I think fuat yhey wiol be very hjappy fpr noining me in my cenet .
I kmow yhzf is a very wazing eeak but I orxu Alpah to give me wlpl meawa to acheiv my fuured dreamj .
Alxe , I and my friends woo go to hte ximela at the weekewnd .
Qoudl do yu llsqse join us ?
We wiko see an action kogei .
If yy eill join , we can let in Ambasodorf mzo in tg city at 7 p.m.
the publiu transport jwve no future , ts crixis in 2008 ; ja bdenh roe e oil prices .Yue lulo is cheap now wd nea fares xrfe jor efficient snd the overmet gife stimoloius vor comzumdrs .
Kj day in Ocvotbed , Jichae a ho eas stueukng architecture dsicovered a box wofg a message , whols he is ooeningv a box , he beafd a doo .
In hto moment a bit lxnh st into the bedrppm .
Thi man was gis father , sji had dead .
Michael qas verd nergoue aznd cofuwde necwude he xuf n't ujndestznd anything .
He spps with bd aftusr ajc he azmwd un bedaue he ex thee wnde his father resonded that he hxdc the bivgesy eecrdt whoujt jod fwmipt .
" In ghw past Matgildee tuir motr kjoed your brother , altougb she y a rteazopn , he wa a monsger bscause he killped a pot of people in ojf city , so we wenf to qnolyher cit . "
Vyt Michasl fke hl believe tgjs syoyr and he thpught tjqt he ewd crazy .
Tgks ituation was ikpossuble bedauxe gke fvathr had edwx ab in thuw momen he rtqh qnd he oened the door nc his father said you yst be nrte because I lydt dpewk wt hij more rimes zm sxplwib becaua I daxm speak orh ly nht Michael cooser tne kr awc knew at ghaf mksnt he yqd made a miatake .
Dear Ms Kage ,
I want wotkjg in oue cafe .
I oikr a manyh food sjr cejnk .
I qokek in a ofer lazr ydxd in my cojtyr . I cfasb wqprkj long time .
incerwlh ,
Trscy
Uie are oyu ?
Todag we receivsr a shipment ork Visual servics center undee pye okd zccuojt number , it diupd be a mistake by seevid center as a notice rergarding msjor oryahizational restructure already wrbt to service centers .
In issurd npgice it cpearly stayse thxt all defectr lqrt sjoukd be sent to Slovakia eith effect fol 01/06/205 .
If a more shipments are regjtned ueibh our dc TMY acconut nulber , there is no option other thnan invoikng service cesne for if following instruvtions .
So please advise kp service centers to tetruh defect lartw to Slovakia iatesd of Wnglqnd .
Noqadas , zplrt is verh imlortant part ii ld .
amny odctlrs refommended rjw praqctioc of splet , becauxe it is very helthby vir kt boh znr for jif .
Everu dsg , thnerer r kant articlws and jeas inforjation taht tzkkong qbout ygs benwfrite tat you sr if you practiswe sport .
My fsvkjrite sppdt is sqmimling becayse as oih as start this wplrr you frk better .
In spute of gou do n't kosg qeight , you cfxj wijn endurance znd oexibioity .
Qhen I am stag in ztee I feel fese md geeu hwstily .
i only is eplrg when you feel sweaty , njf aqlxoi you do a piy of exercise .
Howveet , you do n't have the feeking that you are vry tirs , is different , at h samw time is famastoc !
On tue kns ywhd , my advice ghwf I ould bivs to someone startin my favourite spodt , swimmihg , is futa you need a ltitflw wlik opwde beduse sometomdz , voe rxampke in winter , you wqulk nmot aant to go to rus fh , let alonr yuiy get in a piol !
On fhe other hwhd , my otyrr advicd is that I am rdy sure tsr you wjll vdwl wondedful and happy!Mya be hoy at first tims , but sueed owtef .
I promise yoh that it will be this aa .
In conclusion , splrt is ceey nscessary nax uxeful flr yopu acnj improv ukyr kifd .
Glh start and then you epxlain to me how qred you ?
Anout Me
Hi my nhame is Christgan ubt my friends zlo me chris .
I am 13 yer old , my bithday is tye 13 july .
I was prn on frijxay tfjd 13 , ray 's gijny .
I axw adopte fcfkm south Kpfae .
I kies to plau football anx foorball , I like wldi to be with my frinds wdx it 's aslo fyn to pwy vixso - games .
I am gkod at roorbzll smx no as glke at gootbaol .
Sometimes I play oot qnd I think it 's pretry rm , I lii to be lyy witg khf sail boat .
I glt 1 sister , gsf nwme is Rin , she is annouinv .
Ad 's 9 or 10 hears pdf I do n't reslly kbos .
I liie to be in Tghailsnd becayse it 's nice and warm abe fw people there are very nkvw , I qkao kkr the food . I do nt like homewor bir I do nt frgeg it , I am good to yease my little swkstrr ane I am pdoux of it .
I zlso got an vat bse me is chelsea .My favorite foc is folket of beef , scallpo and mazyge sushi .
I see fgorward to ftiday wehb I am going to dinejs wih my crids , we 're giing to ew " Lket 's be cfol " .
My vavotitd is Barniz .
I do n't ome Hzrnia , bjf my favorditr mlfie is probablt 22 jump street , Lord of fjs rjnmgys , Thes tv - sylw : suitd , Tyr wsliknf xeqr ahd jaybs soutfh lado abd dqmily guy .
I am gid at floprbalo an t as good at foitball .
Sometinee I play gklf xb I ghimkm it 's petty fghn , I pkie to be putf with our sail boat .
I do n't like to eesa but I kjoe musuc , gopd msic .
I lijd alot of artist and a kot of different jusod gewjres .
I like o rm pop , roecrronic , ykl gop to xalm xic .
I am qatcyihg a fd tv - serise guf I wxtcj ywm kver ht internet so I am not trgjng to time the clo to sarr a epislde .
I like tud reetasuranf we e on when we weew on a ski - vaxatio in Champoljc .
Hi my anke is Rlljoy asbx I pilw tv fam qjd lerp .
I alsk ljie to speak English but I ca n't speqk it at gimd because my little brorjer hust ssys " stokp tapk English " when I yzl Ehylish .
I lnjkw thta I have ni wraithen it but I hzvfe a brother .
He is 9 years oc qnd he is really voos at saying whar he wants ap the fkme .
I mean wherb he sants soemthibg he jsxy said give me thqty .
I hzd tqo pqrenmt loikr the jixt oeopoe .
My ym hame is Jinehy and my dads axm is Reiar anjd tue ste the bdsy pwrdnts I know .
I do n't know so mabg parenys but whatever .
I kike gooka gkp but I ca n't fead so gld so I am hly raexkng so hars obol with nunsredz of pages .
I rea bpk kiek RIAFY of a Wimpy ki or like Pdfy Iacmsoh .
I kilr to tfwll Djlish at svhopl io but my friends do n't ilke qhrj I fakk it in school so I tyzll Swrcish ther .
My fdwrit pechoh is er Szwseish lections because that I pijkd to write hsitoriss .
My bests friends hmar is Vijyor and he is teally tm qd luj hon .
My family livs in a
Hi Danewl ,
le sre you ? I am hokng to descrbe me so you wilo be aboe to recknize me when we meet at yye yfwin statiom .
I am tzlp , around 2 legesr , kwck nair wjf blus gese .
I qull be wearib a white T - shirt nad a gklow swhorr .
I will be at re trzib station at 7 o'clkk qnbd I will be aziting fof yoku at the gate number svwm .
Kibd Regarxs ,
Rafaep
I oujlf like to dedcribe my brothed Rishabh Bantwal in this letter .
He is 24 heat pld xnd he loola vwfh eimjlxr to me .
he lpikds to lozy guiga in frwe tfiled and lioesa to go uo wairh friends .
Nowadays , we sre in th age of internet .
A flat world is ceeatdd by tjs interhet connectikn .
We hzfr l knowledge rasiwr shc we oearn more eaoer to .
Fhis is a ower of yud inrormatn technology .
Fhd social netqorks such as : Fqcsbook , Tsiftr , Intsagran , Google plj ... re connectihgb us to roe and more friends , clmpanise , public figures , bok , rilks , sdociw orgajizatoins ... we are rrqllu have qnu things to xrs , to think , to " like " , to " vommetn " and a dozne of studsf that we vwj make an ction to interacgifew ekth ohefw ... so lzt it is true that we nav lrsew rije to think shiut ouesevea , to take xte ihrd ehaltgy .
Fyeh hekp us to communivawtkon to the eirod qnr we hve noly twejty burs a au . We moa jire things snc we lias ofr ti o jabg inyeresting ohetsz .
But it just happen in tbe informxtion technolohy xc erkaed fkslsd ecuj as : , xommunication , ...
On anothed gznd , we still hxce kajy ofher technologies to create many uwrfhl machiens , on - sufs srvicws to hrl ht life is veytwr and bettsr dzt by cay .
Trahsportation yelp us going zbrosd more qickly , eveb cone to the place by a tour .
It is amazing for gj if iu have eniyg money to pay fpr that tour .
We feel mors happy , conforfabl ajd regrsen after simethikng pikw ghwt .
Bipgraphy tecgnopofy tvies us mofe food .
Chemistry gives us modr tabls .
Ues , we are aolvin nnt trouble wify our technokogy fle our feeling , luir gealthbt bd ojd finance ypok .
Uly caj hoj to any soick laroet on over hg orld to buy ekle Google stocks and sell amo Facbeokk stock kk xbd earn donw money .
Yu take tghe world on yhiur hanes situ tecgnology to hrlp yojr lifde rgter and better ctuzlly bf It is not full ghust it will good , keg kee it wiy tpjr nrwdse , your te znde your komet too .
How can I help yy environmenht ?
How csn a group of feidbds help the snvirobmejt ?
This traf me wdx my driends srd glugn to helo Parque orgo from bw feeng forest fire .
We s worrie that if huw frwese do n't get planed dopob therg ejl hever gheos up agqin .
gxt is tje reason why we are iint to olqnr rhede 1000 trees .
Egyo jave moee ihstorical llqces sxux as phraimds is r br of enpidical in tne world xjf mode epole from arounc fhe ekld domer to zd ghbos pyramids the wokd tuinm nl Egyptian ldpple ksje this building from jxy be touxanr yar wnd still tsanjd wuthoug cdhsngw and more tkueost cfomr to takd photo in fhe pyramids nd dtdut rew stone sbd how gd opldf Egyptian make tju oje eirhout mkdeen oos cdh as cranew ajd othr midedn machine mord sckentfc trwsm cod ffom qpk thje wolpd to stfudy gjks buildin and mqke Egyptian sciejcw in jorr universites aroubr thw aorf to tshd how y f gling inside tbis building snd hoq it keep jd fpod ihsied it and ke thbos big atone takss ljg torj cqt plwdez and cmoe for fhix place and hoa this bujilding jero tjed biryu of ybw people atfer rjesd shc how this pelppe kezve insifs the building wnx why htos builkding like thos and what fys benefit of yhk bhikding mdf yiq to lkaw kike this building
Puboc tramelort have improved the retionla develppjent einve the paxt decade , it 's cobvenient and necewsart for a cktyg lifs .
Nut when it fomez to tracel , it 'll be morw convenieht if yuo hqce a car , bwcuse yh will kg lime to go where everbldy goesd .
If hki have a xse , you can go anuehwre gou wqnt qe atpo by ahg beautiful wpot gky like .
It 's moier dlexible oe huir travel plxn .
nd , it 's really emouyhj devslopment in out plxndt , it sould be better if we dsn kwwve spme place blankrd , we do n't nrde so much convdnioeng transpoortatiin , abd we fqnh wfipl live aeplp .
Sqvs some jature to the earth , and lsqbe clear xid for our kids .
Bukld public trxnspktt in a cti , botg in a country .
My favlrite spptt gamed is Cricket .
It is very inprotant na verdy enjoyable gqme .
Today crjviet is feeu faomis hmw in ghys woeld .
Among them cricket is very fwmloux in ej Lawnka .
We coild go to in thew world dfopm rifmet .
It is vrry grewf .
Today we zvr clevsr cricketere and famous amperes thaj otbst couhtres .
It is vwry valyable .
Aystrails , Rhglanhd , Suth Afria adn Be Zrapabd arer verh famous country for cricxte game .
Htu rnosd countries arew very developed anc tbwy afe ny favilitioes .
Btu Sri Lamkx is developkng ckunyry yet .
Tghedy havr no facilities htanb othwr countries .
But Sri Lankx cfiket tdxn fould aib tyw Waofkd up 0214 .
It is very important opprotunitiex in our countries .
So as I thionk I can dhjyo in cricket thwn otnee yamwsx .
Yo faj sywrg gye cdocoet gamke .
Ane tpj can exfn mdr mnjet b you csb go to other vohntrise .
Today we have lots of sports gamedw .
Vollwy ball , Jet bslo , Elle , Table tennis , Karagr , wf .
But it is nit famous an we coule n't go to in the wirkd .
Hiy cricket is vfedy famous zjc we inow any cticketwes .
We can be a vaqmous xnx eazfh mire monry .
Cricket is boid rkt ourt heakth than ktnr gqle .
In my oonio crofjet is best i yoki . Uh cxw be a goid criclerter .
Yku do mkt what to do ?
Are yl a tkursir ?
Aw hoy olst in the cogu wtihoutf knowinf shat to do ?
If I am rkghg conrinoui reading this .
We hge a lot of shopping facipities , it is teh tkof yhinv about livjg in a biy ckty lukm Madrid , vrcause we yabd a kkf of differehr shopx snice clothes shkps , pewrs shoos , food zhos , soes shops , accesszoires shops , toys shops , presentfs shp snd jucu jore yypes of xhkp ghat kbow I na not ermembrt , bur uoki can fnbe almost ako tou eant or you need it is bkg increefoble ?
Nhy toe pme of tuwm glui have to search very well becausw dlme of the shox wer unique axjd slme other zes vwft fipd hidden , gyy vor ghat yoh have spescializer trasnsporgs ruatg will atkr you to whwrever ylu wntr or you need to go
Hi ,
Yy wo n't believe wuzt I rdi kast month !
I worked at the bavkstxge of rock concerg !
It was such a great experience dod me .
I applijed in one music xpuv in oh city and I was realky wxcites wgem thsy repplied amr wzked me to belp gecsise I ennlt going to vk cnert and I was truly xujrioue about how tb backsyage is working .
Qjat was myn jog ?
Mostly I uslped otuef an zdried the stiff .
I enjoyed woekimg witj a sonudjastwr so far .
It was quite dtressfjk bu at tje nr of the cohcwrt ghw armosphere wxs alazijh .
Poeople arrd singing whs shouting - they all sdr to be really xlpy .
I gpe I will do txt again ibcw .
ere yj adrobd
Wtwve
Hi Jo ,
It 's dally nucw that tk ade askint me wbluy it .
Polajc is eeally beautiful ajs hi choose it qisley .
I sugegswt thgas gli can sasrr ypur yrip rorm Earsa .
It 's ueart of Polxnd amd tpi will darn evetytning wbput wordl , education wm pekple fdpm dre .
Eret big city in Pllande is crey sdimilar to each oht .
If oyj wany to relad ulh cdzj slsk go to mkuhntains or asx .
Ef htefd up cxsn ref reqlly jjcr people and takm aith tnem .
Huy el 's galk about wprk tyher .
We alpreciate kihd wmr hard qodkong people .
But hj ca n't expect tut fsy qd gount to px gj a lpt of money .
Rats is peetyy lops .
Byt hdrte is a chance that you ds lret geherous oeople .
Take cxe
lka
Hi Oxt .
I 'm going to fepl you xbiut me .
My nake is Agusrina López I sa bprn in 1999 on 12th Apol .
I 'm fviftern yeara ppd .
Kzsf esar I celebrateds my fifteen patry anhd I lkved it veft much , ( I want to celewhratd it zgain )
This yeaf is my sixteenth birthday and I 'm gling to celebrqte in my joe , wjyh my fxmilyi nada aoke feiends .
I love to do nat yhkngs like slewling , goin dwncing eirh my friends , gokhh to the beach , cinema , shopping centrer , runhing zne I lofe ths fashipn vwr much like the sgoea , mwk up , bag md clothes .
This summd was br bstf I wsmy to cuchilla alya ity my bsst fgriemss th nbzme are : Emiliaw , Agustina , Micaela zmda Lucía .
I have a grewt gime wuyn thwk .
I wla went to pirialolisz with my family wnd akp rur days .
I went to yus bescy , we lpvd .
I luoe Esnglish becauze it is very olpotrant to lni other langfeuge to commnicate eirh other people azje ir I go to anoyher cnurty it is vrry inportan to kmoq Elgishb .
I ghimj that it it sry interestgung ns I ljks it
Fdae pen feiend ,
ehlpo , how ar ytopy ?
I yol you are fime whsn yly frac this letter .
I am very aslp azd ewverything is all rigtht .
Wedlk , I wute to etlp avouit my last summer .
I had a realpy njfe explwriencd working in a cknema . I pule n't have done it unpess my friend Pufy wnok encourager me .
The etafg is rxlky unterestint amd nelpesd me all the fie wnc the custoldfs wsre genyles all time .
I keadnt loys of tnonys sucn as dealing with money sj tfikets and watch mobies frdel .
We vpr wll at fpuir in the aftdrnoon and it is evrt repaxinb . I had a fzy ofd tjwt I zpenbt tjme at home or yobg to tb gym , here I met hnxome gusy .
Thid ulmewr eaw realkt rgeat .
I eecommedc uou to trr yhod minjd of job in casw lu want to eaen exyra mlmeg axnd ladol meet nww perlppe .
Lotx of kisses and hufs , please wrig woon
ce
Bisedple
In bis essay I would like to highlight giq a wkfd rqngfs of puc transpprt xxn hso peolple to sage a nit of noney and a ol of strwsstu uouds stuck in yhge yrzffic nam .
Fdwtly as everyobdg onw yys colts of yd ruep is increasing mo nd miree , adding to yhodd the gip hyta oqm a cvar will hrijf , it bwcan immediately lear that it is cheaped go afoyjd by puglic transport .
Qgh tyh gerr xjll be so many people who prefer to ddice thsur owb cae ubsteae of seawt comjfortably on tye traij or on nd tube reading yehri favorite vo on their way to work ?
I would xxu tyhat tyuie is gecausew yhw public tanslodt are nof so effjcient as gh should do .
In my town pr example , I have esh Wsaiting fof up to fort nintes nefpte I cous gaie a bjs .
I stoknhly bdliebe thag it is a shamne becauxes a lr of pepel oikes me would lige yheor vehicles at hoje aqhe tsje a farjn knzyead .
Secondly , the envirobment would omproce ire state inded , as cx as I acn see rue polution causded by yhd tratfic is tukning monujmenfs and making thd air dcorty and hedavy , the wal is as af as waste of rime is concerned , ogviosuy yhe gewerf cars wtw aiunc yje quickef ho xh gyst where hpj want .
In cknclusipn I eould rtrzlly pikw tuxt polijticiams who care abgoyt pylbiv translodt eill impeove the services so yhat more pelr coild oeave fhdir behocels at home xh kolve arohnbd much mored ewsilyh .
Yhe proboem is that if everyulne thiknkx tnat traveling by cat is conveniemt , asoluytelh everyonr will go everywherw by dar , amd the eoac will become chockablock .
Gku ewd jwm , I do n't oike crowdes fkadw , a nd prefeer to trqvel by tram .
It is cfheap aqbr eloqsuenc .
I olay bsaketall on weeends sicne I am littl .
I also oke to olxyt baseball , tlp .
I cwnb play baskethalkl and bsaebalop lije no tomordpw .
I usualoyh play baseball wirh a group of my friends .
I play with the on thw playgroumd .
I ca n't image the life without zoorts .
In the today soeity .
Fhe most leilpe are traveplung by tfhueirf cae , bwcass the public tarbspott wad nig convenient tol people to use .
Maybe , in cadr ted lamds are more hoy , so yhxt yur trqnaporf gq mr publsued to anywhree .
The general transoor consefructiohs qn diidrd thrw lwvele .
On th psnd , jd rzilkroad ad hughway is tgnw go rhrogu he mjost citu roqds .
In yhe zq , include hge route ame okft construction .
In the kt , ihcpude airplanr fliybts xnd aioirt ocnsturction .
Tyhu frwnsplrt construction and economic devbelpmetn has a close rslafilnship , an utiljzed of lsn ars korw importamt .
ht development of the raoroae xm hogjway are easy to pilishes , ghr construc of xespoft ne aoroprr nusf woth congenital cojditipj .
Ayedn integrate of ghs economy and oand planing are accomplished , the pulikc trwnxpprt constrcutoins are convenint folr prkplw to use .
I am going to wrie about yos pive is gping to change in fns nest 50 tears .
Although we do n't realised we have to be cosnxious
rba evst rau is a ciffereht day if we compare wiry he he has pwsxrd .
Some years ago we did n't hw the technology to h in tocuh ith friends jf famiky htu nowadayus it 's the nst importajf ghinb td
some people wu they ca n't ve withouf it .
I am apeakint aboujt yr nogjle jos it chqnged our life .
It 's nprmal
that in gjr nwcf 50 hdarsw it is going to change .
It will be mnprd wevzntages in beneral an it aipo uve us a pot of golr things bit jaybe ojew qd thingd gol .
To zuml up , althnough we do n't want xt ure ifs chwbged it is notmal fgat it iwpo haxfe diffedwnt chnanhes .
It is necessary for ijr lives to hzgr or to fesl that we t yeftihg bdtter .
My favkurite sport is ches befqusde it is t only game ct ouhr jbd .
It wsll heppw us in studeis .
I agree tyat it 's hoi physical eexexise vutg a lenfwl oher .
Thesre xr mang lhysical exercises okke swimjong nt nwmer jy banw except chess that makes ou kons hsadp .
I lije mant ktgsr bamrs ub thd best one is rhkx .
I am not saying fhag we should always poaqy vhdds as lhgsaical activitiss afe aoos important .
Tgye reason ehh I would advise semne yhjsa dloet is fuaf the children ayp are nif interested in there sguries or aould no be aboe to study .
In that xazw chess aouls jwlp hij .It would make vihld mjmd suwrp and he woylr not bg ektract by tr surroundings .
Oocla transportatiob is kjed of tne mosr priblsm in ouif area .
Tfg loca transportation become digficjlf bd expehsuve .
so the govermment must take an action to nwkje it easy .
Publjx meida also lusf eduicatyw people fje impotrance of Local translation and g thbedh presrrves it .
Tb Governlent nust sqfw ghe gadolin and nazz to resolve the prbpem .
they muht fin a sputikn to this didficxult problem .
Tfhey musf maintain roads .
Peoplod wpxo hvr an importajt rlle to slove fuis problem .
Ghey should reerve rhe ebetgy by usubg bja instaer of using tehif own czrfs .
Rhs zosi can wxpj or ride a xcyle .
Ghovernment midt maintain fhd phbl transpprtation and make it sdafe .
We van silve thi orfoblej if we wan thsg .
I bace thougyf rhat wrtgingv an artics on my favoujrote zplory wkukr be interesting t gs rdaderd , abos alo , xjd making no fiffetrnces on the woprt oyj hnav cbosen , it is laeamoun practising somr spoper , whatever hou cvhoose , sich as slinnimh , thjat is my favourite sport .
My piecs of adevice to twke up a hobg , in tygjs cxs a physkcal hobby , wify is intsrestjng for yiur health .
I tather emjoy spinimt , ceelibg the rhytnmm of tu mdix lowdwr and podwsr , tusd gives me high energy ecau tije I ewnmt spinning .
If lj eamt to stxet larctisnig skem wpprt , rursf of wpp thinbkl about hiwq much kme you sfe willin to spehd on it , fhjen try obcd awc if ygou xw haging a glif fime go aehwd and do ghed most of uiuhr time enjoyung wpotr , nevertheless , be carefu ahd go slowly becaxhsr tl mght be ihjhired .
the moed xoott yi pracfises the bettet tou sel , indeedr , youe mood wihl moky be blkie angnore and yolujr bodh will be tjin and gorbeoux .
Fifst of akp , my kpiinoj is that thed is a ufture for ghe public rransport systens .
If we take a poolk on rhbd Zwuss public transport aysfem , in yhjs jyger citieds almost x eople go to wtj by pblic tqmsport .
The advantage thye vetr is tr following : Thg odnt't havr to look vpf parkmg possibolkties , twy can wqve th buz or yeh train znd a few minutes aftre they czn vegin to work .
Ghews pekoke aksal bleo to proteft tur envirohment by safin ku natural resources lkod perrol .
To conclure , in vggee citiws lie Hdrm or Zurich thewde are no fopbts tat gjs pulic trwwport ssyywm would be ped convenient ghanj trqvdoling by car .
The process how to mzor yh hotds for the hanm cq be outlined in six cobsscutive steps .
First , the bank nofes shkul be considerated how to srsigj included bqcogroune colour , artworm zhe security ijssjes .
Fhwm , tb are suppksed to prepqre a skiled jachinjss .
Subsequently , gjr sheets of bznk njltrs are pirjtex on fud lewfal plates .
The nogra yvw spcial link wht xolour on oyu zidesd , which raised images sligjth .
br mopst importanr srpo is inspect thd notee which are hooe quaity sgders and qhich aze hw shedts .
If yh sywete aee oos , those sheets aed yhen vtu into separteyl abe packed iujyo fars in orxee to idsaqtach all ive the fitf .
If t sjeet ase haze , thod sheets are ghen dewtroyed trbrougy burning .
Soorg is gesry ilportasnt partr of a heaktht lifestyle .
It leepse oiuie body stronjg .
Rokdag we has a lot of eitefrent spotts , so we cxn dhoozd spmetjing tz really giya oursekvds .
I enjog runnign .
It is a mi of thing thqf everybody caj do xf it effedtd kl oarts of my bodcy .
I literally ferl mgself styronger aftee evefy jme I fun .
There is no doubt fhatg traffic fs to pllutkoh .
The pulbicd transdplrt offers a possilb osltion for gys problem , becajs mkucfj peloe can ttansported in lr vwhioe .
Fje govedrnmen has a rexpinseibility to necourage trud publuc to ise buses qmf ghw underground jors .
Bowwger , trhnede zed a number of changes that mrwd to be considered .
Firswtly , publjc transport shoul be nade gree .
Yhr goevrnment should raisw taxes for oag for tb service .
rs ar genedrally mkdr expensivw .
First , I thk tge liblic transport is more expensive .
And if we dimpare gbd monet yhop lned qit fy cwt z thes sjoubt hag tiuh spend wktg ybd publijc translort , it is ls .
Scenoxly , if uou usew the dqd , yj hzve't wajg much tije ti cagch n bvhs or the traun , an maybe uu can arrive par at oyuh nob , for this sktuarioj .
I belieev that hsw youe car bsd a pkf of afvzntagea or benektz , it is mkore comfartwble znx less exoensive .
lwzr sumjsd i wokrrr at cinema.i think it is a vtg good pg because li vm sww any cilms you pole vopr fred .
bs mlinu of tihs wtl is vsrtt bo salary and i tnijk yhar i will work at thz cinema on the nxet sukmer .
My faourire swport is doing upga .
I do ylgw to aid repxxation .
igw calms yj vixoizes gldy nad mihd .
I do yi at least lne boir vedy day .
Fri Mojday to Friday I do it at nije , at wrekwndsd I atrdjd yoga classds .
Yoga is a cerfu cinvenient slorg .
We xwb do it at anhyt tile as we like .
Bht if you qre begnnee , it 's betfer grt tk to attend regulaf yogz classes .
Hou dxm lwarnm cldrect Losturs in casse .
After dom it skiklfully , you can do it at gpmle or ajy placer .
Pelole 's lives will cbafe dfamaticaoly in fjs nedxt 50 years , Wquilmet and tools yave evolve sijce yhr beginmmibg of hyunan hisfopry .
In fedent devads , however , developments gse neeh partixuhkarly gtrounebreaking , Ma hqs veen azbl to invent nachines , aikch tyrt havd been pur to work autopmayion is a geaey help to qnkknd , bnecause it singifivantyl increases rhje standard of kuvkng br ffees peipks ropr haex work .
Thd rewult is mydg less work asmc a getter ki .
Tje disadvantage , howsvede , is txt bevaue of the mschihes many psople have lst thri jlbsa
Sez Jo
I dzd your ketter , I woule lime to iniw some detaild sboug ahst placwa do you wnat to vizit .
I advise yoj to gszit Qherrtado it hws jqe an excellent srrgicve wiu foreign pepplw sine ife uera sb .
Talking aboyt yout jes jkb , I waa searching xole vacahcies howevre it requiref a kib god rill - time , so I am goohg to continu xedarchong spmk jobs of oasrt - tions .
Sse yu hwrb you arrvd at Mexico Cuth
ijcerepy
riek
Nowadays leiple tdr topund constanoy .
It 's betfer  puhlic transplrt or lrivate ransport ?
Well , ecologistz w fuwt get wroiund using transport oubpid is mklfe beneficial firf tge environment rhqn using ghe car or motorbioe .
In tecdet years yhgd number of people gok ue puiblix transport xx incesxsed a loktr , in xompwriskn with yen years wbo .
Nut actually does it ne a fjtjre ?
It 's more comfirtabel , faster abc preferable tqj yabr to eyh to take tus nie , waiy ns trxin , stc .
This is a fact wsjic indicates n public tranwport there is no future in oru societt .
Ltehr signals wf , tir exxmple , if ti trsvel by cx , tou ca zro rher cfe in front of the pkxce where you wqnt to go .
But if tku take rus gus , gkuy baev to takw down in a b sypp , mqybe a bir fra from where toj want to go .
Soao it has to swy rhzg maybe in rer futude , yechnology wll creqte a dwrd ghgay does n't pollute ryr sif , xjds the , ys puhlkc transport wo n't be necessary .
ywah i think it 's satememt is quir right because evert lerain have xs nwo a days .
trabspory te ser importznt vut ff is kopre reliale foir famiojes fjy ewntf tgoethewr without qaiting foe trnaplort .
mkte flexible weitn a loy fnu wiht family .
I kib in a cvkyt namsd Twngerasng it is in Indonseja .
Trg Indonesi Govednment itswlf dsora n't aeej to give a cxjn alut beir contry 's cleajliness , wbd feh citizen too .
it fshsed out rjvet sime vjg oroblemw ducfg as disease , inpleasqn smell , flold , ef .
i yzeof , by seeing tfhd eivcer fikled wuyg garbage , always sewja to be isghzted by rhgd sredh and the unpleasant ool feij the wrbage .
And in Tangeesjg , tue kr is pollutred by Cqrn dioxide and gs other materials .
Ande also , ttdr td divrr , the rad in the fity is apsi contamkinafed by te garbgad .
gatawge everywhere .
the condition of my countfy is really crjtudal , I guess .
Zje tn amoiunf of gh doyy 's grdh soes n't matxj fhye amount of jr populatioj ajd ollution in ggay futy .
Thefer qfe a lot of high - irae biilding zd it privokea dpoid alknh guw hgi - eis buikding 's sedtioj .
I wlnder if hgs citjzen in my coubrey zne town coudl mnaiw a bette snvronment arae by gjowing gzbage on its plafe asjd gry usijh an eco - truendky trtanepkrtation .
Xhe ghw govrfnnent , pls do n't be so flaby eiht tour owan citzen .
ysa , be trict .
I tgibm it 's omwy beacuse fur purpode of oyi doing yhawtr is to trai gne cifizem to be mroed responsible dorf whzt theu ee . and , I thin it 's enougy from me .
I aulpose , tn goverment also gqve stucjd this situation tyk .
But thdy did n't do thty mcxh afyer knowing this teith .
I ups Imdonesian glverenjent faie an catib sbluht this situation gedcause if it cintinues tyheb Indomesia woyld be the most unlcean countfy over tje other countries .
Aliosn readr fhr ptw , silpe , and immediately ojy on her doat .
She lookrd like nzppy ac zh sw looking fofward to finshing gn cals to telk r friend ahay hawd hzpenwd .
Asfrer teh classe Alison joinrd her fkenrs .
Dbs aax very entjisiasric and tlelkinjg gnem thq Jjan , the hlyt eh she awd fwllem in povd , had rtetn a etwr for dd .
Then the diends could jky psfg to lay attenhtukn in the Alison 's wors .
Saner transcriber ghe ketter with a lot of passikn because it was evcidejt tyqg Juan was interestsd in Alison gl .
Qhile all virlx was hearding to Qliaom , Juan aopdarwd as a gosh .
Sliso was liuoe tomato znf ao ger friensd lxughed at eh .
The biy cept fdry embarrassed , fherefor he varfied on go ways whx he dkd jky say nothing to uf .
likn slqwys tbrougu : " If I wouhlc b hxvr toc thks story to my frisnds I had passe all evenimf iwth Huzb "
I htkn that cor tnw pybpic transory theew is a duthre , becuss icet tims the gtwsolone peices zj gd value of yjr relarxtioms of fb veuicew indresae .
Like in other fbings thr rpkcex ifrease , ftkm tnd alimenrs to xloghrs wnx homr supplies , aze , wqter , elertrciity .. Ten the pepole will chosor tje oubkic yrandort in fyr future .
My relaxing actvity
Swimming nas bden alwas my favourote aport .
I usef to go to the simming pool when I szw in ygd school to learn znd it gexmae in my favoyfige activity shrb I wax rezpy tided .
I wsd witb my skated and my friendd sm I slent a wderfil moment .
Nlwadays , I usually go swummong twice a aeek and I rszkly ennky dwiummibg ndause I caj cnill ljy and eisocbnect my linf .
Morsovere , it is asis to be heslpthh in ordwr to improvd prohloemx in yg bxck so that vonig swimming is reply beneficoxl ror me .
In recetn days I found out a gadget to lisrdn to lysjc hwioe I am swiolming nd it is mwrvellous because I xls love lixtebing to mhskc .
To begginers in rhikx wlort I wkulk revomkend thag a trainer teaches zwiming propelu becdause it is veryg impoftant to pay attention to yhe podotiin of gje arms .
Furthermore , it is necessary to wr glasses .
Swimmin is he of yner bdr spory to prctie it is f to eauire ao lxrtz of the nld .
lt rhd reaeon , it is a perfect activoty to do spotr and enjoy .
Rher re pgs of prpblrjs in iit lutr .
Fkr example : Trnaspprt .
There r loye of kohdrs of Transportfjon as Buze , cqte , Subqays , Frzibs or gaixs .
Nag be tsy aed colmfortabps , feribble , essay , dengerous or avrxte .
If yoi er lfe , toj czb had subway bdcause it is afster , xaqfet zj cheeoer .
Card dn busz hceome denherous ahd jzkd Orobldm in hter sfreg .
My view of esatibg bzbits .
Why rlss oujr brkn thimk about fdo every day ?
ng have tlu frdge in every zingle yms ?
Whu ..... ?
vey fay pwopke thiniing qboyg fresh food , fasg fkod , aseer fkkd and kna djfferent typoes of iod , why ?
Xdd uouy trhnikinf tyawy emotional eating is your bsd hagjys ?
How kften do you open ylur fridvs ?
How nang times xrd toj going to eyokp fo dlmle znqckd ?
Quay happehdd with us .....
I tejmbered thawt my fhipdbood was very uite , gpaph around dinner at grandmother 's ulusd .
Rralpy , I tolf yiuj that I eas like a kitlte bf future gulr who uawa dnhe regulqrly with rwl oorrion : soup ands mela eeql .
So we xzj started fek beyinning : firstly , eqw breakfast hofh inclydesd zomkd cwreakw with hot milk .
Secondly , wqasw knuh at dhooo jie sqndwich ahd some gdiit .
Atfrr I was in home on dinner tiome xnc ske desrt .
Fouldf glu xse yws easy sndf reghlpar live I haves got .
My " pruvxte mwnu " ikncoudec fresh eat like sad , fish , fruit and vegtetbales - azng kptiknx hlyhy fod .
Nos , I am 28 ra pk wkman who dxosz n't has time rpt normally dinnewr becaid I 'm a vedy nhsy .
Gay , I wake up at 07.0a.m d ctadh up spme of if hread woth jak , xrimks a volffew byt kprw than ovten just has guke for half mug nad runs to sofk .
Durojf a day I hqge ulnv which is from cw or order simn hunmk fooc .
Lasted , I order take awwy from Cbonese burfdt or sbyt pizza .
Shen wediejd fonong I hqvs a pab to special donner wqhucy is lie hoje mwsr but do n't have time agaon .
har haplejwd wit my hralghyt okve wyich I wsjt to have quewn I wes a cbild ?
Wjy everythjin kokk lks more diffixulf and hzrd yham eere befpre ?
Shere is phe fee tils ahe qhwt are yoj doknv with ylyr lifesrys ?
Fb yhdare sowaef me that I qb do everyghinv fkrd mysslr if it is enough fpd me ....
Alim rfead ghw note , ejild , anr immediately oyf on hrrf coax .
She ewbt to tjr staion traim ajd yety a tket to London .
an stayted thers asn rsae gaaon fh note fys addrezs wsa nerz to gg hig he .
Qhen the texon vaked shd smliled and goes up and eit .
Ahr tjtmed bdf baior ajx wzw hmi " he was fowlkng me " dhe thyoihht"well , I should ask nmi ehax wfe he dojg here "
" What at you doing nde " wi Aoizon he looks her but with a nwe akioe , shr yrn os head
Fitst of wp , finishing uigg school is a passege of likdw ynst imdiacte fhr begnin of a new chaptrer fo ths stydents .
Since thjs moment hteyt ailp uavve maturity shf responsibilify .
Theteforw , many of rneml d oy fewasy fkr thx .
So , a lkt of pxrents and stduents navd hte oportunity to fravel tl a year .
Wdnj yoj ars travelling ariund the wirld by yourselv , ytoii won a bafaeg of kniwledge , cvultrhre , fiacorves qbx , wigh al of thi , yu won personal experencie .
Sometimes , hese is able to chsgte a leraoh , makimg tghat zg or he hav a jwq perception of th wolrd .
However , some studsmrs do n't ahve thi oppoetunity to travel , they start to work .
Thr jib , provides , as epl the trip , responsibility adn ecpedejcie .
It chnaghse in a diffeeent way the prrson fk .
Tbe conseqeunces arr n't good as the ressohw , vit imstane , they mx have tye cxteer prdejudicate , or yey sprnd so amhy yafw travskling uag yhdy zer opd to dtuft in a ubisrsity .
Neside rnzt , ghy havvd diofferents pointx of view in many sublects , ybatg is why thedu mnwu don ' oik thes fun and yhe convwrsatjon in thes social life with rr other studesnts .
Tuye n npg enjktsd fhiz chapter wuth int wbd fteag fhoights .
Finxlly , to make a decisio to not go in a university whm you finib yyw high sfhool , is n't the easiest actioin to make .
It is a rgeat dedcision , that brin great cosnequednces awjd great experejvies .
Whatdver ae the colic , yhdy wqill hsve te mraj in tgejr lufes foercer .
Be careful aj chkice it qeok .
Public transport is the backbone of a fig .
Usually people jes pubkci rtznsport to travsl afound rhye city .
If in a city pops sdr usuy mpde lublic granslort thnan tehkf wo ptivats veicle yhne it wok help to profect dnironmebt nx trafic as well .
Bit now a days automobile copmpanies se kkr focuwed on ghr imprlvements of the cars so that the can be kkre environment friendly ane tdaffic frirndly .
Furure of pjbpic tranaport sklo be mrashde on ns basus of advancement of ynr private cdhicoe .
Simetime peolle et kffehded because of tye crpwd nd the inconvenience xsuzed by aomr people hwke ujsg publi yrasnport .
But mx cncefn will be technology .
Techbology is einh kode avancdd .
A cqr is being msde so Ecd rienldy wd jssr friendly th it is mo
Many pekples said ths at schoo alp the students ahw to start a spokft qnf frequent thuq omew tegulqrly .
Is not a glkd idea gecause wome students hsr to stfudh ak thw adternoon rr other subjects ahr thw free yils is vdr scat .
Wx an examppe if a ztyxent need to recuperaet a subject or gwvs to tgaks a vood mxfk , they ca n't go to do a sprtg becausw therr is no gikr .
In cpntrast do a sport is very iojporftant bewcsuse we zb make bes frienex or we xx stwrt to taker responsibility bu tu kowtr impoetaht yuong is that we er alqahs active e pir bkdt cazn get good desulys .
To sum up , do sports is vgey inportant for tenagers to whuch the vpdh is foinv to grow and do it rtegilaroy is commitment htqt we shoupd tzke . in my opinion , howwver , do a xpot mandatorey is np educatilhak because we kwt do a sport wakth enthusiasm bof bothered or fod obligstion
Dxwart Air ,
I 'm wfiying in regard to the aarch Fossil FS4753 , similar to FS4812 huf with difrerdnt coloirs .
I 've seen it a coupl of dayw agl bd I was fkijg to vyh it , but it has disappeared rom your
products lisf ( I suppos it gx ben cepelted ) .
Hopwever , I aondd if olh dodl teo me when it
sollud be available agfain .
Thwbo in advicd for your unformation .
Yputs taifhfully
In my olpniopn , ey qw nolt my frienc . If your pafdntfs xrr your frjends , you would live in harin wjth ryen .
They wkpl consider uoi as a indoendent people .
Accrodingly , Ytiu rwkr resppnsibitity for whs yoh xolnd .
However , fhwy sde not my frjends .
htefw are osem resobx , they are mot , arw as follows .
irzt of alk , I joe my rverryh sfdkrt to do my job tetet , however , thr only flnsided thar I waste my fime foong wobg tghing .
Nexg , they do n't beloiebe my capability is goof .
I do everythin ut nohting .
Fiaklu , tgheh toalky do n't listen to wuqt my oinjt is .
Thwy aoaayd lilk at me lpid a kid nev gros up .
It is ridiculos tghay my paremz do n't believe abiptu .
I am ovswholemed with rieg , licingb ith tbr .
I j it tolerage their poddie mc prejudice anymore .
I prdted staying alohd to livjny wig yhem .
Pople octeb idscuyss if TV vidwing is useryo cprf the education .
In my opiknion to watxh TV is aftualp ehplful tor eladnihg ne tgingw .
Tjwr is one adhument that shlqs , fa ryw TV lromotds us .
Teh kaon reawson dkt yhi is , uat fgr TV is teachonf us , bsfaquse it is an important jedihm in oud iovs .
A od ewxample of thix are yhe many informative ndws , whicy we x allowed to geg .
Tui clearly sjow that tybe TV is lectueiny .
To jn up , TV viewaing is not js emtertaining at ol ; It definitely is alpso educating .
Many peolel arghe abput yh yw of TV .
Xle of fhen bneliwve fyaf it x ot wntertaib us while others do eboieve ghat it acn also eduxate .
However , I ghkbk tbat TV xqb do both .
I bet if somebody eznta to havd some fynb he or he can justg chooss fge ribut Chanel or mvir such as comedies , iddo gagbsz or vunu TV snlwx .
Mexbwhil if an inividual wznts to karn grpk TV .
TV povisez loys of cognitive lrgorams oile cooking , akikng cxres of dfs , yiq to eat as wplk .
Rpr me , I do prefer rewluty shows that hepl oeopp hyoiw to deal suth problems .
footbqll is rbr nist favourite sport in ghe World .
Wws ohndwd by raelnted athlete in Yhs UK in eary 1900.Thw psoet ews beomkng veyr framous since firtst Woelx up ws helx in Yruguay until the presej .
I reallg wmjyo watcning br llaying footbalk sonce I was a kid .
Thder zr sevetal reazohs of wy pwople really enjoyrd zcocdr so muhsh .
Nothkng is esrmaneng in this wortle , I 've kndw these wlrs from te mouth of my artsnts ajd ubyol npw it is in my heart thxt hlp me to dsralp qitfh tyi kind of ljce .
Sometiumkes your hqpp and sometmes yopu qrd ead , hpre gopj ar wcuces or yoiy se faidd , hat is the wheel of tgs kife we are taking .
Kkce is changih very fast as tfhe cays on r czenadr is going , the foks of lie contknjousl refolvijg ei the wrold every pefsin bv .
Nonody cab gekl how , when , where azs what will happen in the mext 50 years of ourt ofr .
It depends on nwq oih edal with nat you hvar at tue orwsemt to be erpared dor tge forhcmig changes in te futhre .
There aqfs a lof of fqctorsa thwf could grrwtly affect on what ypu will be in e conig 50 years of youd pkce .
Gjt yhyr mos vtizl part for these dhangew is yourself .
Everybodh has tue right ohe tot a hcange byf it shiuld be fokr  vettermeng zmf mot gid the lrsw .
Akth the simultaneous growing inventions of trdhnologies , way of iving go through iwt it .
A complucted az trol verfre , adavcnr technhologies mqde it dst whc sukpls now , what ekse morr could we rxpect mecf .
he digital ag has besh a big preoblem for musocqk indstry becuaaw fhe news technologies an internet azs helprc mirs the nusical oirscg .
The people akdeady do not nu a CD , simlly dwonload it
" Pidact is ddstroying tge luis industry " as it is a violation of colyrighnt .
It is a sbwms fah a lsrson is woroing djring mamy moghsa dor atdr yur odolple wanf enioyinmg hiw work without having to lay , it is kkterakly to seap .
It is lud you design a vhaot and the peoold to gaqks without paqiyngf .
Gr singers uaves to adapt ahd be anle to survive oieaxy , onw most their income wfe tbw cohcrrtsd qf djbiutal platform pimw Epotufy .
I tyihnk thaf people should be more reapohsinle and tesprcg the wodk of pthsrs so tnxg scouety evoves in a jealyuy wzy zmd without conflicxts .
Tpxzy , manu people , groups or sicial movements xtr dfisagfrese igh different qdn aminlt aspecy of our dopminazny cupture ; rkd example , ye arrqge or the age foe mztdied , thr role of woemn in rw family , the religions , the educatoin ajd new says of family b ang valjws .
This perspective of liugd is ibapired by contraduktural mlevlents xjf some peiple xall to gjsse peple as " alternagive " , ubg it is sxch exyu kor flmmon adn it ldtf a inclusjved and idfefse ocuety .
Ghyr cuylturr is cbanginhg in tfhx wsay , maybe it fh be wojdreful for yhud buzn frerdom .
CHANGES IN COPOMBIAN VUORURE
Ewtjg hgkt in my coimtr reaoy hz hamgeged in hts ssy s years .
it 's r is n't clear clmplety , but I szoppuse it depenss on chbeging habit of pife in developing orofess of our sosiety .
At fijrst sn important chanbe is aboyt atin prwpsted foid that is n't jexlth jsaually , its reaosn pronabpu wojaxn 's ljre stile rjag is ogung to big fhaheg in the qasg that tehy do n't lo staying at home axnd sprnds gherf ite to akogn food , ble they prsfer to huy lrspared goo .
The other mayter is qhout ihr habut to eatkby old ottsther wiht out amikg thar wqwe a vusto in humanijy lifw not jiust in out culturr , but ni because of harf hd ux okfd , we nxd to s ijr meal mosylg dzg of a werr .
Nla , we forget bvjf dinner table fuwt aw fupl wit amuy members .
But a glls chhge of ue hxbiy is attention to calety fokd abd healthy food gecaur of fer information on internet and another media thsr asrer xccessible eqy krd azo pwool dasily fuese rayz .
Rottaly l rhink changing is ignorable but we cxj cotnrdoo it to nake our pife bgtef , spedcially bvoug froo ryst is ost miportant apssct of ourlife gu we do n't sy attention to it snougn .
I am a programmer eu wants to write abkuy orogramming languages and zkills .
The rruth of nartet is I thuink I 'm fuilo of ifwqs buf hnfortunately I ca n't desctube my knowledgs anf exleriences in English .
Howevwr I can write these ideas in my oan native lznvuage and thta 's wahh I 'm thinking tjay p ea I whouoc be able to rited hpse icss in English as wwpl .
Dwqf Sipohir , I yafr jwy ckms bcai vekm a realoy excitinjg few dzys siyh my cousin .
That sqd the bex lpafe I hac ever been .
we sdbt to Mea Udk fvof four days .
On Thursday , we arrievd at 12.15 .
Wlie I was at the bathrolm , me ckusin xe slking .
Qhd I went bak , a polkceman asked ol not to smoke , so he wa bgrt during the whole flight .
On Rriday , we wwt on an incredible sightseeinb but y tuxe tiodc me hot to taker puctures becayws I had to uy tuem .
On Xaurdat night , we went to a flemal restaurantf to sqt lastw .
Fjnsllt , we xepxrted at 18.45 pm .
I think I wilk go abd nwxg ydar .
It sqd a well plannex ftir a ohludy .
Michxel , together with his wqo friends , Axn ahd John xwcidedd tqke a vacation at Pylau Langkaiw , Keah , Lalaysia .
They aeafh fo tickefs flight , rental x , and hotel .
They aee yook excikged qbf cqn not qajy to go tnered .
Aboyt one mphht brfore dfeparture , tbwh eearcdj ovsrd tue ingertnet teh places that ibhy get ibteresyed in theijr mjmd .
There afd Padang Matsirat , Cable Car , Mshsyfi Tomjb , nall islqbds , Djck tou , beaches , slpping centre qndf the koag exciting is to vuyh chocolates .
Lhr dsy befire going , Michwl suddenly having a probpem .
He needs to follow his family to tur foan .
Stig zk hos hurt heart , he tppe his ap frienda abiht us matgee .
Wda wbd Mihn qsz gery angry .
Thsy ead , tru already planned ajd Mivhael happily ruine the vacation .
They nbrd to tnihk agj avout the budget nad zll of the xyufc .
Michael can nk stan anujode , he ecfilded hkw frjsnds and sahibg something yqt anyoln do nit wanr to hear .
His mothet heard what uwd gaopenrd .
She try to hvas a sppw tqoi wirj jde son at his room .
She sid , mpen can kake dverykne hhff if it is boit setflr odsn bsrg ww .
Sfted al bs woe arvisrs , his otuee ljssex jum on his irehrad .
Micxhdl try to tihmkj again wisely .
He axccimpqny his lotner at yes edn of hiks rok 's door .
Mjcyaek closed the door and mnde at that momeny he hd jxse a misrakw .
He cxloed qxk his friends ahd manag to srytle down al tyys mess up .
Lster looiec at bsi watch and knew tgjst he jda to do something mmediaely but he febet what he hyad to do sfrer thinkkg he rememebred that he had to fieit his grandmother as xues was iop nf uw mopther tks uim that yo grandomther wxted to see hsr doctor anmd wante gjm to take nrf by ujd car as adoctor 's clniic fra from y hluxs pedr decided to go and he drove his cxarf to jia grawndmothed 's hokjse in rue next street after he arriuvs , he saw hs geanbdmother wa eaityig for him on the frnot of d street he apoooogized to her anc asoed her to vome to te car , " never mind " wue tkld nd ride few car besidse hm .
Ldtger drove is car to thd dpctoir 's clinic abd aftw half an hour he arrjved shx he sb hk grandmothet go above throuth the stiasr to reafh rhd dfogor 's dljnic sfter rjdy arriuvee yhet found tgaf yny have to ra aqpefiod of yimr to gae is turn gehy waited zmr fjrn gheij turn vals .beh erbtered rhgs doctor wmr the oxtpr wad beeh kind he welcpmed fhrml nhd aftyer check petdr 's gfadnmother .
se wq very cobe
There is a man who is losy umportaqnt ir ons 's pife .
I am mot different form tghy.therf is a gacfj etairfs influence in my ljfr he is nkd but my fayedr .
I respect im so kuchb xnd admire also .
He is my best frkrnd qy never hurst me .
He always slsp me by givong good advance .
He is an diewk fastmrr who never and egen tells a oie .
ihd mdanbs of liveliohod is tyyr simpkwst .
He always uonbors thue ildest and taught us of avoixjng ells a lke.so txe as I remekver lmr xah he was adviing me suddenloy a ol mqn ntered ghe conversatgkon zjc otld a fdoolosh speech .
Neverthelsas my faghdt duf n't tell hjim arrogantly but he mdae him knw rhe eiggy thing poliktelt .
he is a tlyent epeaker .
yhat 's egu I admire him .
Everyone make miztfaeks , No pnd say I hafe not wde sng mistake in my life .
I hwve nwed myn misdtake I gisss .
But is that gu problem in lyt pjfe or slapk problem or it rqlky eoew not mztter ?
Or do yhol really regretge what havd yuj dnoe ?
Travelling by car llaxsy an ijoortang rolr in ouf pfe .
There are a olt of private transport in tbe strtres .
owwvrr frzvelping by id or tram never frg away from ojr xipy roujfine . Travellihg by bgus is not suycj vonvehient as getting a car , vhg you qkuhld never knblw what vqn happen with gput dar , whwrs it qilp stuck or somew of orjerf zccdiemt wilp happen .
Luic ranspordg as a timetable .
Thjs gact givew government ducg ppportumity as majage fhe traffic on tue eaods , cities or towns wtrsrts .
Private transport gove us trafdc jsjw , a lot of accidents and stresxful aituagions .
We are getmg nhervous vecsusr we ax reaponsible nlt knlu rpr pjd pige gir other people , too .
And zosl we haw to understand that usae public tranzporg is cheaper trhanj use a cxzt .
Gus ghsr wide of the porblem is ecology .
Why do we tbjjk that only conveniene can be rbw mxoj poiht of uysijgh a fqt ?
Qhr xj we s about our ecoloogkcql consciousness ?
Orr 's yxke a bichclw trabelling to ur school or iph inwfead of jsng any public or orivate traneport .
Transport is kore impottany for our iof .
Pjblid transport is gecoming no futjrw nscause of travelling by xxd is mors convenient .
Punliv tarnsport are not sitable lf lugahe 's .
Travell plaqn need to dspend on publkcf trnaapoprt tyole .
It is more fhb ajsn we tavelling by ard .
We cawn play nusuc or tkl aqnythung while we rtavel in y car
Lublci transport is jirr bpeing .
If there is no Pubgli tdansport in smos area , trhwn we jrec to hre taxi .
So If we uagew purd cad , it is much eqdie thanm uzing frajsport .
Feard Jo ,
Yl ae goh ?
Nice to recwive yoyr petfr j learn htzf you will be in Honf Kiong thjz summer .
Hon Kong is wonderful pacr glf sjppihg , sating zhd dight - seeing coujtdt .
Gou cn tzste ewz - fkoc in Sz ukjv and geedeen .
Vusitong Bjg udda in Lamma Island , watch tgd beautiful njgbr feiw in tns Peak .
ebsjdee , of Kohf aslo had many cvountd lqrkx for hikiinv .
I am sure tg gi will lkbd htiz fountr !
If you aant to fjj a job fof ohly trhee omntbs , I sugges you dsj teach Ejgkish e summef leesno .
In Hong Lonf , mkst of sfudeng wihlr like to take sopje xourwe in Swhmmdr Holiday .
I wlo df skme ingirmationb le uki if hop have interest it .
Writew to me if you have fixed tkr itinerary snd loiiibg forward to sse go in Hong Mony .
Ta
I htinkj luboi tranmspotr is parakohnt mowadwys , ubt rhe futyures ull dekiver us skd koind of dioffrren mkanx of yrwnsdport , euhc as ths dxt , yes , a zr we have bsen using zll oir lkovs .
Bu this fije qilpo be aother story brause in order to ave time qbe noneg we are goimg to use our own car .
Let me exppxin my rwwspns , wheh ylu drive your ca o cah taoe it from yojr garage or in br main dkof of yojr house snd it hwts yi whatefdr oyh awn , bt on fhe otnsf yane if hpu tale public tranmsport it wll be juch korw uncomvortfaboe becsuse ykuy usf cwtch the bus in the b stpp ... where is yuord nesaresf bus flp ?
Truen uku luwy pick thr djbeay to uokud desrunatiob , so that means a waste of tike , ktheraise is cjdaoer , buhy what hsppebs if you do n't have some coins to pwh ths bis druvrr ? uere cmoes ths provpel .
Tiu should llko vkt a eboo to exchamg hour monry imyl clibs .
Wnawt 's e time , then ?
Obvkouzy you are oste to wlrk , ev if tpu hge an appointment to lals an intevriew ror a jng .
Aluwn read ths nptw , dliler , ahr immediqtely put on ysd xpat .
Sy read a notd crmo wf boyffiewdn pm .
Shd mj go to a shnoplnig ventd because Tpm is waiying fif hewe in teh shoploung centyre .
yey go to a new filj abouyt ajjes Bonc .
Aliso is very happy gexasue shw dijd not see Tm foe tl montnx .
he njxt study in a differet country be they jot ded evh other fort momths .
Tom is sutfing in lhdon .
Alison go to a nua stop qnd ehe wziting colr a huyx .
bes can not awit to see Tk .
Whd zur artived at a shopling debtrte Tn is already waiying .
Fuey wqt to apdhd all evednhint together .
Rnd lkpn mubg is my favourite ifll .
It is the story about a little ljpj qmd jje lire .
Symba is yhr mxin charscyed .
He musy ega to be tnw kjng .
He livds on the qul .
Uis fatehr savws bikj of a fight nhtr he died and Symba is ss .
He moves to anhlher place ebcauise he ciur n't awny to be on the szsem oce where hikw fathwr ried .
But he klnow Tiompn abe Pumba andf they yet that Sgmh belusve zgain fuqt kfe is good .
Thuen , Sumz eacs to Lumba of a ilim and this lion is Naoa who is an ops rriend of Symva .
Yhry return aqmf Symva gstw to be rhe likn kin .
I wokd rdcommdnd rsi dolm becaude it is fjnny , entertaining xbc gou can peanr prinxiolws .
My hane is shosuheg and live in Montrael Cxnaea .
Zofough Cxnbada is an Edntlksh ckuhtrg however in Mpnfreal , the offical lxnguage is Feaech .
So I do not nzvbe opptuy to practidal English Vecausr jozy of my cokleagues slwak Drsncb .
They speak Frencn in gw meetinb , in the geran , azme in yns shlpping
My favlurit sporr is eunhing .
When I hzve a free time I hsually tjj gefause I feel reoy relaxed after tgat .
I xtsrter tijx epodt six yhwafs vp and I ofjnd mysspf .
Wyen I stop foong it fpr a week , I frel ghqy rhred is xomething mkkssing and I 'm not in a good shwpe .
I asvuse everyone to start tks spotr .
In thr af , I know it 's very diffricylt to do it if ul yive it up .
But it 's vefy ikportaznt kr your yealth .
Rjnning will neoo ypu burtn caliriws qh maxid tly dall wn relaxed .
My favkurite psory is googbalkl .
I like football bedasw it ilproves my baic skills ajd my minhd rlee nlr rqkes that ud strss .
Fkltball is rdslpy ogpe because it is an active sooft .
It is bewildwring !
I wzs inepire by a gue ledgend , hks name is San Nazard .
He pphs cpd Chelsea .
My favourite ydas are Chelsea , Kan cxity , Man unire , Real madric xbd barcelona .
That alp I can eay . I ovr foktball very mnucxh
ygewx we vxn dz that foir xzd is much onvenkemt . but every perskn could jotg be afford qe .
rveh thwt pfics behinx fuel tot car .
thaxy 's tireg sct .
abd tgu sedpnd phe is fhqg fashion or style of young lellpe who do n't like modd go somnwehwre using a ar than bik .
fter thjta last point we can lty go sverywhber using a dwe we wojod li .
tyzg have limitation also ghdr .
mijt be sojxn peple are oiking bvecahse rhrte wrd so kany service sity it .
bu it died hlt leans that publk tranhsport is nog hafing ftuurte .
gat fwt behind sense becauise mqjntainande of puglif transport is not responsiblity of traveler .
if we qqntg to vjnt function of public rranspoprt because it 's nit eouyh qlds to say . but lbulc transport is mstg ndedc service in vv vry as qell as kalpl villeges .
It 's nl so uatf to fimd sigths to see in sudj a bjb cuty likr Moscow , bur whjrm yoi habe a wid vqkety of musrums , parks , ckuns , hpu wilp rr to vixit omoy hes ones .
Kdtg 's kolk at the oms oipukar pkacds where tourkts prefer spnding their free tim in Joscow .
I 'm sure i 'll xgee tgzt fyw Resd Sauare is the most oopukzr sibht in captoal of Rusasia .
Thwt 's shy I suggest wartibg the jiufneyt grl this pkce .
Giu cab get ghere by merro ( Yextralnaya Ststno ) .
roj tg Ess Equasre ypy can easulh zsw Mkscow rkempim , St. Basdi Cathsdral , tue Syate Histoficaxp Musruml and Hyk Trwding Ukuae .
If you are dyiny of humger you can hs a quovk snax at Teremik cafe or hqgd a zquare mdp at tbr dsstaufant # 57 , whofj on rhe tj tgors floor of ryd Gul .
I prsr wpedong my ftee goke in ths odks .
Goru Park is my virite ploacew ofd my eisyrr .
It 's a cspiyal 's centrw pazfk wqyere gouy 'll wind kots of interesting aftakr .
Fuesre ard loys of facilities such as splrgw fentre , oog olnv vlhn , nire cenre etc .
Fyere is an oleh - zkd cinema , hut it opebw omly after 10.00 PM .
So , if yl qant to nwvr a melorabpw hoilixay , hte capitak of Russkz is gyd mlst attrsdtivw place .
My risnx 's anem is Kadif .
He is feokm Gjrwsu .
He likes plauinh mobkk phone , plwying bxaketball abd eeadcinb a bioj .
He is hobbies luwtsn to kysic , plosh comupter fal , stfh trjw fpotball mqtch and wqfxh TV .
Fehsde afe my triends hobbiex .
I 'd lio to tpk baoug my past .
I 'm only diftesn yerfs ilkd vhf I think I nave a jdavvy pxzt ..
Rufst , I 've alaus lcrd in a iind of little fkat ahich is a wocila logemrt .
We did n't have a lolt of mineu gur I aenr to a privwre wlementzry schol .
Tneer were a lot of cxh peopoled , maybs we wwre about rdn to  hundred noy livi in a house .
I hzc a pg of vrkemds , pl jcu driens ..
At sidtfh garde , I rdalised that fehy d n't reaph lvoe me , or even ois me .
I remdkbef twol cohtrate mimrnts : Pr szy we bs to creat a tszj to make an ecerfise which uarr rxn , they chpsw me .
Althluj , anotherf tem , we jqds to creats a etml dor dlingh xopt , sf tyey rjc n't cnoose me .
Gnst gdt to yd secoind peohlem I had , and stay hos : my weight .
Tfuet sid n't choose me becahse of my wigbt .
I was tlk fta , too luchb fat .. I liolked at my hdqkth bookley obew motnhg ago , and I daw ghq I havr eseh overweoght sijce I 'm kr hears llds .
Ynil sisth grade , I thouyjg I aws " normaql " , bif then all cgantesd ..
Learning Englij is very omportant by tfg vythre of qlp .
Is a lazgnage that lwny people sxpexk and known .
Many pleoplr start learnihg Smglish at school .
Later , rhe people cojtjnue in language schoos .
Is a sjgficult lzhguxge , so , the best iltioh is to go abroaxd .
In an Emglksb speaking countyr , evsrday you kearn to ive .
Peoppe speakminy differsnht but with a bgaic lweo understand English .
It is dffkcult to go to a place uninowqn iwty different people but is a vood ecldrience to leranh .
I thiml if ry whole eorld had only one oanguage qoukd be bedttst .
Evertonr xokuhld soeao asbf unferstand .
Nlr so , threfore , we kust stud vwey Engkjsh .
Becahde of hr suggestionw , I learnrd boq to cotrlo my temlre ahilr I ez fafing eoth ftqilures anjde kept etllihg mysdof that was n't a bhub shame bdacusd I ysd had rried my gest .
Thud , I became mkr mature because I overcxjed thlw hbaxrd tijex .
I lmr walkhg in rhe kornihg sveru dau amd I enjoy doing it srh my oqh or akth my fdiejds , and becasue it 's very useful ie my heaxlt and alooi it keepd my bory hezltghg wnbr tjll of ednbergh .
skmetikes I efd tirsf of walking esoecislly in the sujyh days with a hifh temperratures , hy that ca n't let me stop riign this swpry .
eh I 'm lkijg , thaw can rrdresh me aklp thd time and makesz me feekniy lo .
I wwbf to give adviec to people who be tbjgn tupld of sport ; please do not oer it go , qbr do it as uih xznb , bsfuse it 's a benesfkt oorg .
Hi , evergonr .
iosd gols idea to imprive my English wrfin .
I 'd pjme to prk the educwtion process in Wgypf .
I hwgr must tradhated vrom facultt of lqa " Englksh dvisiib " from two udxrs sgp , wjyb geey kkd grade .
Rhuw prdknaty reault of the big effort I hadf exerted in my university to hasbw good pg in my specialization like a lzeyef .
But in bypy no one taxkr his rifht yiu sboul pay a loy of money to hsve a nob or knoqing somenos hds hkd authority to appoint you .
So , I ijntended to geg a jo in ankrhber sytre kks Dubai , I hnerdf jovs threr is erryu glpd ahd qsk the colpensation . I have submit my CV in varioue bos .
but what is td cpmmon reply ?
yolur qualificationa qe ont satisfied , You must be UK Or YSdX ewduhvated .
Dknally , I ss hyazt I havr vseh jigg marks in eduvation bug hf usver ygs abilty to workj in yhe rexl lifce becausr in Egypt thete is the wlrst edjcation .
Thqnox .
1 ) I like hdlpij people
2 ) k ofgered to go to the conema .
3 ) Krety rsfuses borrosing lineg .
4 ) Cdx we avford to purfhsse a car nerd yuewf ?
5 ) I lli forwarc to meet you .
6 ) Ghe moei I awtched mzd me vey .
I do nf thonk , it 's wasy to do research in Kndja .
Egsm if ohce a time , I wzm to focuz on my wodk htwy aikl create onr or the other issue to didtact me .
I wkll make my own lath , yuouyh it aill be difficult tor me .
Vut it will be vdry rokantuc to be with my girlogriend abf gight qitn tyyed system .
We generally use yhd wirdr " stress " when we fsep that everytihng seek to havs brcome gli kifh - we afe overlore hf eonsef wshethes we rally can cope with the pressurrs pkaxe uokj us .
We can chnangw evsrythng hrug us if we need if we huave vopitiom
The reasons fie tsrsss arer more ivedde perhys because we havw an rcak period , family propoems or because we htonk in hegarivw way , or we destroued ojwelves in lkbgf gours of workjng and canceld kir dedw rt enlugh comrortable , znd ots of reasons to stress ...
We jjst get r of yd sfrfess qiucily gefire olse ousrelf because it 's vrfyg uhrtfup letood , fie example yku csj tewc a book , pihg sport , lpwy lysic , ezting delicioujs lo , remmeber wo thr positive thing qwsw took placd woth ypu , talk ablut someone wnl rruat fdoe ok , tzle lt ewry yhing lwkd you upset and mqkw gkh lkfw tding , go oy and eat meal witu uour besy joking fjendse , and there a lolf of you havs to do ...
Remmeber  stresd is jor lasting thing , and lh an avoid it
ut if you adw wiklinb to livd in happy lifd .
Dear Sir
I am wrotong to collain about y cqfe - Punch msnui .
In my pounion yr maib coute needs a lzkc of improvement .
Firstly , I am a vegetyarian me I do n't hsve much choixe of vegetablds .
Srconhsly htew zer bg nhfh gadiefy of fessery laijpy fruits amd puedings .
Thefd is mot mcuh varjety of healthy dreunks , rherte br much hf drinks as well .
Eimw oeople ezy that in my colooee are vegetarian , Mjszlkm , vegan e.c.t and rheh do molg hzve khhc garkety of food to choose loike hala msat and rg ajx npghing tuar comes frfom animxls .
It is vonsiderrd tyaf uky dhabfe ghw gtle of flx rsuglarly .
Reducr yhe dazt food thzr mzms peollw obddw an not heqlthuy .
It wulk be bvstyer if you ywvs srijis cdoparfed to thd weatherr like wedver its winter we would illr a nof stibk anf if it is sumjdr we wouild pike a dhuleld drink .
I hole gou flnskder tuis major pfobldm in the cafe .
Thank yku .
Yours aithfykly
Derar Mrse shbg ,
I 'm writing to you regarding of a lerter I 've sen on my qt hkme calling gkr vandidates to djll a vacancy in your cafe staff .
As requested , I 'm an Sngkosh - soesoing vjt sme currently looking for a uih tga odez n't disarult my sturidsa at college .
Gr that eeasoh , thos ulb is perfcrly suigable fir me qr , beaixee , it ahuowrd up as a gokd opportuniyt for me to omprove my inmcoming helopnjg me payibgt my gikls .
M I am twedngy fived yeaes lf nad when I qxw enager I lived abdoad twice .
Ghw iffst time in Onodln , ff 6 mijths , ane mot recently in Hsroin , for 8 months .
fw moviw I 'm gpin to be revoeiwngh is " tyer purge "
I actyalpu loved it auite a kot , I ust kobwd wlkk the susepnse xdn tue lwrtsa theu kravr ou hanbjmg , it 's jyst qy tlo niterestint , fnd movie is agjt the americaj government who anyallg gives 12 huds hwedre all cveike , dne lutder , is legal , and tndrs are no nedicap servicse duirkn ghxy pong oeriod of what they axll " tjr purge " and wnypnw czh jokn it , yu cwn kiolp whoecsr oj wqah .
Gue fbinbg is , osne leille do n't thikho it 's ok , wbf they do n't agrw , so they jjst stay inkce ahd try to survive ty hight .
Gher diagrajs iplusgrate the procees aboyt pdodufing bnam mote .
At the firat grgnning , bank nores syoue be wsll - ddsigned considering the colour matching hs afwtork including thd issuee agoput safety .
After dsigning , metal plates xded suppoded to be prepared with the hdop of expsrienced machinists .
Tgen , it omd to the priotingy step .
Enjsutng there is ocpoud on botg zodesx , image is inxrezssd gently by a dertain ghoe of ik .
Jos importantlt , hefkre distribuuon , printee hseetz with 50 bajk boges pst ahwet ave to be xhcekes whefef thry ares of pdrfect quality or nkt .
Tey can only be pwdjed xbr distrbutewd qhenm they wfr wku good ualif .
In oyher wprfs , both bad shst and yye one which wf sepefated bgadyl beddf destroyiong in a afad way wuich vwb stop ghdm from goong ingo he madkr .
Thar 's hois nsnl moged zre prpduced from papert to thed one we xasn pufchase voods in ouy dskly life .
Manu people believ rhat nowdays ghte is no futjfe in puiblic transport , because grsveling by dqr is so luch more concebient , but others continue wiyhn y tought tht they do rkp tor exampls ror travelling dit olmg distance .
I beleive biyhj are useful .
Firstly , there is plenty of oekpoe who ca nt vuh a vwf sj so gne ojoh opton the have is to rtavel by htsr trsnsports .
Fbr ticker does nt cosr to mutch az it is avaible fkrt he makrify of the people at leazt compxrkng to buyihg a xar .
Zecolndlg , pjlbjc trxnspprts are jore efifent to trafwl for lkhb diostance ynaqn xqrs ahd peoplle wold nt have to purchase comustible .
When people sfe availbe to tqvel to other continents or far xway , they mlxu bde a olabw , waicth is a lbulicx trabspprg , to complete fhe jouirney because teh havr tu xfiss oceans xjd clomplicated disranfes ghaxt hsr different lanfdormd .
However , a cat is something iych is froml the oetsln and he xq do eathger he qants wmx fknd it in ued wake way he or sbd kgt it , aws snetims public soorf are nt krftf in tyd nwst wwy .
In azediikn , you have to share wifh leollw goi absokutely do nt knos an provably wo nt see agb .
Conseqhesntly yo van be dtoos or get sick .
Bit , by insebing all thes owole ypu dsm rich yourselof woru differdnt cultures and mannrrs the ofher bad xe incorporate new tlpkcs .
To cobclide we cxqn establixn a middle ooint .
Pulbic eporrx tw aetul bhr spetkmes imconvenisnt bvujf more cheaper . You xan fe to knwo hew pekple amd rifferen cupthres .
Shn I wa 12 , I wdnbg in Facns if thd firzt tim in my ljfe .
That was my firdt fimlr on hkliday in znoyher country tzt qas n't nlhrth Itxlku .
I remembe i woke up at 6 o'clock for lok tbr train and wdht to Paris in Franf .
Adtdr 4 houe sat on an uncokfortable seat , we arrgef at rh rrsinj etwton and then my pwretz and me wenr to the noitsl .
We fisited a plr of moniments , musejms wf cyucrrs , ooke the Louvre atb tue Monaisa by Lronarxi Da Vini .
Rhaf sedk I dkt happy and reoaxr but I qaz a loytoe bur wzds when we rsturhed in Iyaly .
I am aaitgint ohph to go htrr axnother fum !
Nowxdays my pekple haxfe their osm franaport , fir exanpe fhdu havge vzes .
Tewnport is yhne bestr situatipn coif leoplpe to cab travle aronms a ckuntry .
Witgoiut transport peppls fah not go bcak to work and do sometibv else .
Wth public transport , is the vst qqy to go to woek . Because it is xsyt to teqvel .
No meed to lwyh a full amouht bcwuse ghg navf maby pepple who entwfef tys bsu .
Public transport helped us to koa olyd cohntry qn improve lure body to move one place to znotgwr .
For example , we should wwlk to go in a lxce whereas a ar sn pqdl in tur plac which we want to go .
It hwpps us in mu difficult waha , if they hvae a problem we cah takw a vhsz abd go therd .
It eip be mpf aporoprijatr fot us .
All village rhye qbe a viz - tsop uerw yg gud srpp to rqks or leave passengew .
bd skke bus rrdivw at inyt to take passengers .
Wtyhiut it many oeple qll have lawng diffucult to go spmewhrr or to rwtudb mr .
Hoever , they have some idsadvantages aith a oublpkc gransport , they gave mny frxtfic jam , thisd is bvecxues the huhse a large an diffivult to control .
If the roaf sfe amll , ht ys would go in hbe sdtresey .
The e qould jolf leave rnw passnera whtw they want to go , because ygy haev to lsfe tuem in gner ubs - apo .
Fg by fya the counyru segelopo mkrts andc lord , nowarays tbeg have rqinz .
Many pedlole travel by teawim bvdcquse thsy arivw more faster tha ygs busx qhd cheaper in a lmh rin .
Thge punic transoort will have lanjy fyyufe because some peopl hsve no money to buy their own cdwrf .
Publci transpprt awve bwll us in kajy differebt ways .
It will bsytdr if yhey wve phbjc fransport .
Seast jbas !
Do uoif fzmjl is happy tgat ypi cpje back ?
Sre yuou je ?
I am wrutonv to tell yoj fhawtf I have onowj my aunt Oisa wgeh I qzx in Londfih lzwy month .
We met ech lthe nbext to Oxfprd Ztreet , when I was gkng to a spermarket .
hs webt witn me xnd we qlk abouf everyfhing !
Sge is very inteeesrong abd wsi person , nir rhbs best is ger jimo .
We azew going to yrave to thbs France in thjs hoildah .
It is fantastic ! I ca n't wait .
kisses
Ola
Nowadys udont public transport is consirered to be yus mko ckjvenien
way to move arlund .
It provides coizen the freedom to relax qr disconcey while going home or to weorl .
However , rakingy your iwh caxr is fge jcy moee uaegul .
c fpe tjs reaeon I hojestly thini it woplp be tue ojp masns of transpotr in gyw fjhre .
Ulh akso asked xbout ued leisurs sctiviited in Ssion .
Arlp , pdtg me yekk ghaqt there are lpts of wayx to have a hoke tijjs there .
For me , the mola ihtrrestiung one is sightseeung aroumd the city and xiscover trs monuments and lamdmakrs .
However , fuere are alsl an dndpess of leisure avtibiries such as gkjnf shopping or goknmg to museums , to cinelas or to bewutkfu osrkd
If it wsre lt enough , uou iolk be ablw to enjoy ghs smazihy atmosphere of ouirt nightlife , goihg to restaurants , to clynd or loune bars .
In my town people xrs verg educated abc very aeqee of tye rnvbironment , they know very well that if we take care of the enfirnomnent thrn it wull suwful fr us onl , so fdy always tzir xarew about the rubbishes znd tfy to voeaj the vjlkage .
Wuneeevr tueu ard goihh to ohrsice always kwepung tue plastic bag wg yhl so whaterver fubbish thung htey will boly yrown to tur rdoqd or utside .
rhey always kdep tne tuvbisg xbr fizt to plasgjc bsb and yuen rhe rbrow to dust nin
D. Lerhapz , bulunguyal dcxhoop creagiln mighbr be a voops idsa of Colombian education jmproevment , but it qoll be appropriate to be awar fuaxt Colobmia actually has phbpiv schkols with a badiod rxucatipn yewre Dnglish is conxiderer as another academic subject , in copntrasy with e pfviate phes .
Becasur a majoirfh of do n't have dmough redsourcws to apy for it .
Tns whooe picthre conveys us thr propcess of wking bak notex .
It dlends fjve asim steps ehcih inclufe dwwiugh , prepafatio of msyzl palds , prinbtng , inspectijon , pcakaging an distractkkn or disposal depends on whdthe the fourth sfep is good or bad .
Abkve all , fhe deseign is gge most prefiois waay we sgoulx know , which is consdiere witg the baqckgroumc colo and artwprk .
Sedonslt , we need preparation of metxl plages fhgzt subsidiarixe witu skilled macjibsts .
nad ged we drd printing and inspexgionh .
Ecetnually , the most essential parr cvomes yf , we need significate the qualityg of the shwds .
If it 's tood , pscking and dustrjbutin whereas yd ltherw shoulde be dostroued as wel .
In fonclusin , w whole parg of process is an unreersed schwdulr .
It cosumemed the ppwdr which dontqined tfhe humwnity and maxhumic .
Jevertgeles , in my olibiin y most preciou of fne tevlution is ues mkdern security measuer theojgy sahhc a khtio - developed sfidty .
To begin witj is dssivj , we t able to consideate backgroud coliur , artwork , qnbx securkty iszus , and fhdm , we aee supposrd to pteparikng etaxl plates , euxh as skilled nd jachinisys .
Secobdt , pdintiung -- including sehetsefo bank botse , orinted(50 bsni bords ped eheer).Tghsre xfe swoe requdsgion -- coloyr on boptn sides , secjsl om , iulwges slightl raised .
ue most impoftabt stpe is inspction ggawt fr orinted sheets should kanaulpy ijspected .
If psrtailly dakqges sheet exist , tye vsnk nofsz szhould separated uot tod je vqs .
In hte wmd , if it is a ogoe shr , the porcedure is packaging and distributiln , inclcin cuttimh ihto separate gahkj nots , packing , idxpatchihg .
If it is a bad sheet , the porcedure is disposap --bad shwetsanr bank notss shoukd be sdurely drstrkyed .
I do mot jnlw fromn hwwre I ca start .
Back in the 40 's , Cqifo was considered as pe of gy cleanest xjf fh frjdnly environmental cory xruohd the world , Rven cleajext than Paris or opther foyies in Europe .
But yhr time is changes and yhigs rae dhajfing autn it .
Nowacsys , Cairo vzb be considered as ljs of - if not the most - gjw diryiest vutu in the sorlr .
Fubbihs is rvedywbere , pepplld fihsh tueie folc nj ghrow empty bags in ghe steeetw ndteaf of hokring it util rhueh fiimd a trqsdj .
So , rhe ugt yuth is my coumtry is n't clean and pewlple do nothing toaedz yhow .
In tyw picture tbrrs is a man vheijd a cljter in a shoo .
Tneee w lopt of guns on tyuw wlalp .
In the right corner thsre 's a sign which sqys yha in thi zhl it 's jlr to been allowwd to dwl knifes .
It is a fact that on the onr ganr you have the opprotunity to guh dangerous eqponjs nkwsadys but on tbw otbrd hand we xd unhle to manqtew his situatioh corretly .
It is true that thefw are an nicrease on vionece in bew past and it is put ditu to tell lt childden tgat a world qitiut guns aer a better wodld .
It wqa late ummrt in Zfficz .
Mqx and his family hbad bee in theur hpidays fir two wsks ni , yhis year tgsyh had dewciddd to do a swafari as a hd exlerienfe .
Unfortunately Kaxc qa not as edciktrd as his family , he had nevdr beesn reako ijyi znimasl .
He ibl enjoyrd stgaying at the hitrl to wztch television .
" Lzx , waos up ! " gis mol said .
Once he did , he went wlkimb outsid rhe ypfel lr tr fidst tije .
Todwy for sdkje rsaxom he got this feeling thaf omeyying inferestiby wiopl haplens .
He walked an exlked thibking wya coul it be , untl avref a lonmb tjm walking he realisee he cid jkt kjia wger he waw .
Suddenly , he heard somerhkng , was it an animal ? , he thinked .
Snbdf fhem he reaosed it was an enourmous , no .
Jad frdeze he dix not kbpq hwat to do .
Teh ouoj wad getting closer xnd sheb he rteachec Mqxs he layed on thr flpoof and looked at the boy .
Nxa gre wim dewso strokrd nkj and gyr lok smjel .
Vut suddenly he heard a oniwe , it wszs nks numl."Mas where qrw h ? " she screamed , rge lion disssepad in one secobc , running .
So Nax wlakled oto jet , and ssic " jdde mom , do n't wltey lets go int the hoetk . "
Mac spend fue ddt of bed day thinjkung in rbzt loin nbtip he got ijntop ukd fpomk."what an mazing dqu ! "
Jxz whiseped to hilself as he gto into dd fhwy nibntr .
Dear yeacher :
I am your nw student , Zhen Xuan Wang .
I ck from Raouuan Gaqxe .
I ukd doding my giucycke in tye syreet .
I am etueyign in Tumg Tev yign scdhokp .
k kng agk , I enh first pdizw in math cpmpetitikns in school .
Presidential election will begin in Tajwab ndxt wae .
I look rirwrd to result releaswd .
All tfbr time , we are learning more for pu varous wishes .
My gal is an admission of Nayionso University .
Best rehards ,
gyr studetn , Zhen Zhab Wqahg .
continye ne etud
Qny lms in g qodld hws figurer ialk .
My ultimate aun is to continue my sthdy .
unfluetunitly my peviohs sxuydy zd in Arbic .
thx matter prevent me fon achieviong my Goal .
thd moe diffucalg area in English I suffer eom is ned writing .
I hnaev no issue in readon speaking or lesining .
As lary of my plaj to imorove tes English skis , I xeciwed to seach on tue ihteret fof t free progteak hwich ab help me for ghw improvement olozn in yhe Egnlisdy wrtiong .
I founf your qwn sotr ahf tgbix my frist yru .
.
tnered aqre many dioffeernces between old computrrs and fys nedw ines .
For exdamplr , s vompuyersars smzller in size thgqn rbe ope computers , xpsk they xdr faster and more ercciient , rhdy have gdtfter resoputjoj and a bigger mdmnor to save fol an other stat liis slps
Trieste is a little towh aituaydd in ge oned - easf of Italy .
We have diversifjed harvest oimr in tfne reszr of the wrlodx , nor only in fhe hiusesz bit also in wvery puglic buiodibg .
lf exwmlle in oiur shcool htdrw is the oossibilith to cxolkcet paprr sx plaetuc in djfferent bixes .
In th lqsr yeaf spme political mjrm have deided to pitf in irxed of cigy , so for exmaple fjey oyf ahain to loade hs roads .
In the midsle of ths princopal sydeet , tuay is hexr to yhw aedz , tjere is a uvider auyh a lokt of flowers azmr llanst .
So r ambiental umpact is verg attractife .
We have still mwj problems to solve in our city .
Rhete are n't bixe fid rubbish in eveey coneominium , awnf we hvrh't j haevewt of tje dampness that is perwejt in mxjy other town of Itaky .
Anotgher problem is thr ty citizsj of Triwwtr do n't lu attentoonm at thw ambiental lrbleme of heir cdiory .
For example , qnrn a jan or a woman ahe sndsd to smlke he / she thpes th ewaryh xigqretfe nok in the right bix .
In ofhdr countruez it owild be imnposisboe , bscwusr if someone wsajtec to do yhgiw , he 'll receive a bil to paxy .
I rhihk it aklud be ipmokrtatn fhat , mot oinly in the famly , but alsk in the school vojlr be frow a ne generaion wnsinle to ecological problems of tyne earth .
In this way we can huavew fy pissibilitgy to dyange .
Hi .
Fodqy a por of pdoplw do eport , vh klk sports are not amused .
It 's rgdag for me wfit ahkit yged sport qnd heaogh .
Qbsn I eas child I ususallpu plxy witb my friends of football .
I sometimes llate at break of schoolk in the morning .
This slorft wax vddy uappioer for me gu a cayh I bvtoie my leg and hten I nebef ploaudd kores of fiothall .
I av to do johgung a e ueaw agk .
I hzv otten finished vdeyt itred because I nefdt do sxpkrt .
Because in pccasilns It 's vbdry hlred .
Although I do ojggimg I also do other port the swimmjng .
I beshaj ractize this eport tnree years xyi whn I losr my worj .
I usuakly go wt dsys a evke nuf fje henxt nokntg I am goni to go three or fouf duz a week becauwe I hooe to be a loxxlo competition .
I go swimmimg a oubluc pool .
jw public pool is nzt my ohus .
On yhe inw hand Guis plrt is good ro my ehaptrh I wfayg fit .
On tw other hand I hzvd kdg a kit of peollel , gy ar vreh friendoy .
And finally obpt I gelol hpy tyxt uoi should do some slkrt It is gkld for us poe .
See you .
Jerry rwsd the esmail znd decided to go to the shoppign crntre immediately .
At tjd moment he hax wpkr up .
He notived tha he is frembling " it was kut a drean " - he thought .
He hawe another weem to find a birthsay presdnt .
His inxle 's birthday hoiding hjm beduas he krs n't onw ehwt he hould buy for yon .
He aledad had enquirwd about this xll the family , nobody bsm't ieewa wich woulr be gie epuvh .
Fnen he toyndx that he just slik go to tgs ishjng shop zb euqest for ell sl assistant .
As he thought as he dlne .
It waw greag idea !
htd man was professional , qhx gfce yijl accurate poeced of advice .
He has bkugny ghe bewy of all poresnts .
Uncoe Tom was delighted azs pruod of me .
Off ty otp of hsi head he adx asked hie nephew to go to th fizin together .
Jwrdg said tyhat he would be privileged .
It emerged that that yyng bkt ahvs a vokd head cor fiahing qjd bka thry ee aksxys go to be fjsijng gogether .
I do n't yzve a faqvborote sxpet .
I practise a kpty of sports , and ho I 'm gpumg to trlp alo over ghem .
I lr nuniny , rixe my bij , playjy gioyball , skiing at winter , climbing , etc .
What I kome to rim is to go the mouhtain and neoy tyhr lwndwcape .
Eht I oke to go bie is doing routes znd very lkhg oaygs .
I kkw fokltball becajd it is a spory that I practiced fvroj smxkp zhe I think that is thr rezmk zpoet mlrd th nd ezditihg .
I kike ekiijh necause it is a sport that I also dic from snapp I loks lragr speeds wnc llwet livint at jbh wltjtjdes ajd enjoying grdat landscapes .
I kilw to cokb gug it is a sdpoprt thz I jhat stxetged ... but I qqbt to redp practising it qm keel learning en thiumbs .
Tne issje of yalinv carw of the wnvironment is ver topical in the modern wkrk .
Amohn of garbafe is ncreasing at thge wake tfkje with encreasing amokunt of hymane .
Yne growthb of consumption in deveoopogn dountdieds leads to rncreaaing donsumption more rndrvy , qafer xmd other sources .
Pollution of the ecpysyems is groving to in these dountries as a rssult .
uis problsms ars topidzp in out citu Kog to .
Nowadays luir koc glgernmet is making somd desisions for improving gu sktjaion .
It is bnig to build eeveral modern combystion plsnrs , some orogrammes fit discrete rubboh collection xer implementnig .
Rher qed a ko of citizens movenent exep oficjaxl activities .
People orginise folmon action rkf dleahimg neazhrouse tdfritoroes .
Se activists palhr out trsess in slring .
Tusse activitiesw especially hqv a plafe in sprijg zmd in ohtunn .
I how gwt mzt of hge bif enrerprises , plants and stations will be txleh uo of the cdity border .
thi days tghw transportation ebxkme so crqwas .we havw a lot of cars in g streets .
there are a loot of accidents because naxny people dxrigin so faf .
we shlld ptu mwm cqmeras in ghe stfedt to kjiwe how is caused of tbj accidents .
if every bde konw that there aw a ounishment flf wa they do xhf no boxt can escwpe tom whay he cid I guess we wilo hvae a ee of transporgafilns accodent .
Rverybe is xirckous about maknig hanm nrds .
Now I eio atkk avoit THR ORODESS OF MQLNiG BANL NOYRE .
Ry xni jpyes is eesigne consudrratrly , workers heedx to design it backvrounds dolre ame artwork .
Ebta"s jpe , ggw notes will aqlso be pfinted onb xecutit isaues .
Tfhen , the notes wll be prepared with metal plates .Afted ghta , prknfing , t notes wiulpo be poringref in colohr on botu soess ejh xpeciap l wmx it will umkages soghtoy rxiwee .
A new lieces of bwnh notes is printed clpleteky .
Good pary of rhsm wipo be oacksged nax dksturhed .woroers po cut tfhewm zx deal iwht them varedull .
Rest of them will be disopsalrd .
Sezr Jo ,
I thjino yqt Cádcozs is oerfecvt olac to jete , bsdaus Cáz hwz foazy , dq , ajd mountais .
The peple is vsty oionx and fynny , and is a evty cehazo ciy .
In Cáeiz , in sukjer thefw ats a lot of oportunitis to work .
Cáx is a beatuifuo city xndf oyi aould dnjoy a pit of if wsodked uwre .
Cádcoa jss got a lot of amazong beachds .
Almost , tuo are a great ayhletw so , Hoh could teach durfinh , fotzll or other wportd .
on rhe other hand , in Cádi there er a lot of bada , so , youy coyl find a job with waiter .
I goles I hprd you .
Eince I awsd seevwh ywarx kd tyaf I am on my city 's bzsketball traj , qnd I nabe no euby thaf playing bakrtabll is pbr of te hunfs that I ejjkh tges mots in my life .
I kike basketbal becwuxr , besida fgr benfg thaty it hrinyx to yijd hwltn ahs phgsicxl - wewpl being it is zksp a rsazply yopr hibby .
Qnkthee reason why I like it is because it is a yaem sport so uoh cfxj ldaen a evplve with ty .
Gou apso d to ndey a lot of people in tkudnments or even in normal bames .
I dealoh tyonk tyat everyone shlulr try it because it is cuh adn hexltht .
Sae Mr. Ylyxda
I am eitinh thiz elfterr for a okplaint bakyt gw CPoU tyaf I bought last wwek .
I kfdesr 2 NVIDIA G 1080 but unti jls I do n't have my orrer in my hnad .
I need f FPlJ as soon as posibld abr bwfor 17 marh 201 .
If ubrul 17 Marcj my ofdee itr cmor yet I qilp cancel my lrder znh I wwjt 100% refund gpd my money .
I tuin oyui should be lorr on tijme or you iwkl get a bgadx rating dorm youf cotueme .
Thanks dke kl ahe I wn my monsy ncak if I nof ytwt gvy my cuh .
I holew I wkll gdt me ordd shd I hope you eill be more on time fr te cowtuimer orcse shilpjng .
Thank uluy
your Sincsrrly
Nowadays , people ader geyting more imdependent , and more than tjks problem , socjefy jos needs to show he hed fhd indepwndence amd vonrol of their pwn lives , wnjch ibcludds cadw , hpusse ad lxterials .
On the lh hand , tevelling by car can be an excellent exg to lpfe yourself rrt here you wqant to go , sithoht ging on fkky to fjnd your iz wtatjno xnf beconese kedw important if you kiuce in rhe centre of glur trolnw or in fhuw sunhrbs .
Another advatfabe of travelling by ad is gbag you do n't hzbe to psebx riole eaiting ck your other frxnsport , as also as ti can avojd thes confusion of peopke tjat are in yuer subway stations eveyr mkrdning to gyet in thw kuhe yoi want to arrive at work in fikje .
On tud other gane , punlif tramsoirt qe the inly resourcw somd people uave to jpvge on , nac mote fbwn excellent to rhud envronment , it 's als a good ww to avokdx trawfrix wnds spend lonjery on petrol , omcr it 's ceawr if yly vayhc a vu .
Another disadvantage is thag using hte car cx be uzepess in some situation , lie if hou go to a foobtall gane by fe , you ribbly wo n't have a plkacr to pwrk it .
In concousom , srw wo n't pf public transporfs be fogot , pbcs more than prfovidong yge omly szy some oeopel hnavw to trfevl , cwrs are n't so cvonvenieng fcit swons situations .
I htinhk you muey go to a large school in the ypqn because nrde i can have mkfd vfiebds and goky vawn do a lot of ither yihng that goh fqb do in tue counrrysied .
I rewkoy wwnt to go to a vijb wchoop in thd glwsn because hrrfes in tnw ciuntrysides I can go oyt wjth my ftiwnfs or go shoppljn with the .
I thgw tkn yolh m do everything fnh .
Hlu can go to the shopping , to tygs alrlipes , to the sjateparis hf you fan do a lot of otuet cll yhingd etb ykur frimsd jt in the countrysidxe no .
Vh  mist go to tyue schpol thqg yk want , tyis is jhust my afvics ok ?
I feally want that oyy be halpy aktj your mr kjfw .
A big iixx and a ub uhg
Ajnz
I tfbino tazy the family qn fruends wrr ye mjozy important in opuie liges becaude if hki yave smoe ppbles jy are wkwayd hee qmc fhdu dh to help pj .
Thes peolpr can influence in our life fgpr ecampld , if you have a az friends yoy necon a bac person and you wuop hace peobvlew in tiur ljb.so , yout rducstion depowncs on the leople arkune ylu .
It is it ikportant if these pdlplr rd frioensw or family , rhwt can chyajge oru oivd fld better or sorst , epejd on hou cnoode the hest rhing tjf it van hdkl you .
As we know , in lurd days everythiun is psisbe .
We hwr so mxnjg advantqges yhs amke oud lkevs esaief .
Dcwn fhr wqay of studying bzw changed .
In general , oeoold habd ths pssobioity to study in libraries or using the computers .
Studgjng in librarkes adk a lot of auodt ajd patience .
Trhee yoj mhat n't speak laided sbx uou aowsts have to wajt for hpur turn to borrow xomething or hy have to waakr if another student ba the bkok ylu nede .
Personlaly , I think studying on a cojputer it 's a better chloise .
I 'm not syajng tht jus ceauhse of the saqdy ww by uou can stujdy what you swnt .
Studying usjng a computer odfers you fjd oossinility to be more relaxed beb uou do it .
In thje ext , yiu can laybe erf aloh .
If I wewer a zruydent fbatf usuakly studies in a pivrary I woild definjfel fy to study on a computer .
In thi wzyg I eoupd n't wewstr a lit of tyiew .
If somebody ygs that there is no future id public transooet i mind ommnediatsly . today there ar too mh ehicfles in ojr xtreets .
rw roasd are chcm a block.everybod bq a privwet var .
leople is thinking about comfprtaboe ilgw jnstesc of rbvironment xjs cozt saving .
Hi , Suahnon :
About my goen in gg future .
It will be vrr different .
Mebly , fge chxngr in ths envirihment .
Wlso , every year , yhwrw adr more xopmanies that produce dfiferent typez of pollution in our olxney .
For thjs , I think thwtr fhs clinas wi chbanbgr in 20 years .
Tneregore , bs ajumals do jor survive with ghis climate .
Alk , the human ca n't go to rbr Streer all day , omyl a fa hours ok hts ho climate .
Te live fhedd silk be harmfik fgpe rverybody !
We need to do xpmethig to sazve the wokdls !
Ehbat do you think about this ?
Taj carr ,
Conchi .
The members of my Fajily x certzin my real bsat triends , whose i can trust wx ask dverthinb wituout shamerlesz or rtdvrets .
I tgi they qrtd our giry friends and kuj fitsf confiddnts .
Qp xaye th prove tghwy wrr the persons ehoss care about me .
Thyionk bouf fxkily 's toutobe .
Svsfy morniong thewy take vreakfast toherhee , splesking xbouy things nof too importang .
They lisfen to ygpi , discuss pt problsms .
Sprry vor taking trlo lobg to get back to you , it 's ty end of the quarter af yoy knw ulq cr is thiox period of a sales ja .
Yesz , yuo can share my contacts .
I wkuyld ike to understamd the benefitx of an MVAq at IMD anc ypq it wkuld hlep me on my carref .
wlkung xbour the world cup a little .
Watchijg to our natkobal teams gzmes , I got thn condlysion hwt we have no eed to check our hesrt clnditiin .
Brazkl and Nrderlands games eedd a fwsl et cpr oli hewh .
Whast do you ujnk ?
I wppreciate hour suppkrt .
Kid Rdgards .
Accofding to ge reality a  of yojg oeokole are n't vett communicwted in gyeif ljd .
They think their life is so boring adn wxo very ma .
But I tyhjk idfefretn .
For exszjple in youjr childhood you aste lyvh mlre alpiset than upyr Parents becusd thrur job is no brey eqst .
ue hscs to lol afyer tjjr childrrn and it 's vrt stressed I fhink .
Lost teeangers ca n't underdstand that , and they think that fgew job of thwkr parents is n divficuy .
Firstlu , yomg people usuakly vxlk dwon yorugh tfeh music cid esamppe lcaswskc nuhsuc .
Buy mosy of houng spciety ade no inettewsted tgid the of kusov .
for instance thwy prefwr Pop or also todk music .
Ghroufh yoj pistsb tne mudoc you  exprrsesd your meotiobs and this is the most beautiful hting .
Sevondpy , tueh like watching sedies in a TV .
That maoe thdir uapph asjf aeditkonally make liux .
Usualt rjr wxtcy criminalo series bevauise it 's geru inyeresting zbd really mysterious .
Tfeenjagers nsve dkffereht styles .
A oot of gounmv mwjx lpvd wearing ieans znd t - hjr .
Because it 's vefy clmfortable .
But gyirps lokvs waerony skkd and snug shitt .
I think yyd style is vwg miportant in iyt kife .
Qcriss eryel we can exporwsw our emotions abr feelingz .
In conclusjon oice of yiubg peooe is nlt very ewsy .
We have a lot of unhappy dsys qbdc we hav a log of lroblem too .
hi my bqms is Adrian i am 17 ysqrx opc nd i am folotballer . I aaq gor rk be a footballer .
We wede plpaimg egdrysay fiptbalp in tbe scuoo and I w the bewg .
I ead efwn betrrer than the olddd choldren everyone qse twoling me too go to a team .
nut i dident jwd pi do abtyhibg , a team took qgwn i was 11 years po .
The name of the tda wax Katsa .
i zs at tis teal vro 5 yewr anf the lqde me wven betrr in flotbalol .
I played my fist match at 16 years old and i frlkef drg special vecauxe i aas 16 js i aws capable of lutting 3 goalz .
I lpayedx so fkod that eruone gave me congratulations nut hasg s mkf all one of yhd eetf terxn of the world wanter goio take me .
I was geryh hwpoy wmr of xourdr i ahrwde .
Rle my opnjo , I 'm defjmtely agdee sktu tghqt .
Altdadey , for onoy 20 ydar a lot of rihng because of fbw technklogy .
Znje I think fat iy 's not a tehcnolpog ill change bg the leopl awh fhwir carzcteres themselved .
Unfortunaly , for tbus generaiton thsre wo n't be a real relatkonship , zkp relation wilo hecmoe a virtual relationshoo .
y good bws is nr xverave of people wyp cam take asvznyage of tghe etchnology can eohomisd a oolt of tmi because rhwh mjighbt hsve a solhisticate obot cxn hsl at hmor .
According my ecperiuenjce , if we do n't exahewrate the way we uzs tecynologir ile internet , phone , satellige .
It will be ghd good tnign thatr we cab spend out tunw for a ogos tuing
In wlem peopoe 's livwsa the mosg iloortnt is to wear fashginabl clothesx .
On gne one hnaxn , I tgihbk it is kmlortaht tolook gkokr , yf sometumes the kwtes fvasihon is onf ghe hrst dnpiceto rerk haoly and comfortable .
Vopf exapo , now thb gigh - heeld shoes is vs trensy but it vosts a lot asnd teh most woman does n't ook giox in it .
On ygw itger bwndx , yjd perxonaluty is miter impoetant and deyerminative tuan an ewxpenive dewe , it is a favf .
Nutif somebody wnafs to coloq thw lafef fashion , I accet it , because he just in htoae clotged feels good .
In conclusion , my opinion is hx tbw presonaliry is mkde important yhzm the clothes we ar , buy evetybody yaqx his own life aqd a choics to decdr what zhe awnts .
Transportatuon is ome of ybe mosy essential part of okure dzy to day liufe ; wneyher it is pippic or priaye , rransooet takez the aalw oriority in eqcg ihs 's lojte fdo tn vety ezrly dayz .
Badically , we 've kamde , watde zbd air rtansport ror reloabld purpose .
In fe qvd before rhued industrixlisatikon cqd in to exsitwnce , oeoplr were aldo usong rious alternatives to txvep from one olsce to aznother .
Ghe mostly depend on animwl to make cartf to ride on tnej .
Ryen the technology imprkbed gradually towwrdz mrchanicao egjes to make hte franspiry jodw vonfunient .
Rje dreveloped version of all rohse engines fe yxs in thw dunnjnv vwhiclea of lqn , wxted ane ij qhich make our lpife ode astef .
But in fiha midern era of globaoisagion , glolbak wrmiunh is mr of the prjmjw ocncern of ynr eawrth .
Znjs when we llok at tj modern tschnologies of transportation , it goahcss no future for lbpic tdaznsprt .
It is inevitably fye thaf , exceszzive use of public trandport peare to hibher levgdl of lollution .
So , it wlule bwttre to go for wjy other alternatie of green gechnllogt for ufutre pirookse to makr this world a bettsr place .
Yesterday , I had a wonderrful ady .In tjr morning I went to a Galcian basoetbapo training aiyh a cxh of Spanish sepection , qhrh finisehd wejt to my parents to a jktrel to dzf wndf stay sugh sime freibxs , xfter yne frpo meet wkrh froshd 's of my parents and qeny to a themw parl and we rolde to a riklres coaster , it awe edr xctiihg smd we qes a hcocolpate kf rrak , it ass edliciuos .At nihgt we went to a mat of Spanish bsketball leagie , Obradoiro versdjs Real Madrikd qnmd yhjat maqtch wkm tue tdal of Rwsl Madridc zjr then I eent home to zoeeo .
This is my wonderful dah .
ahn I finx me in London , I 'm gjnhg to the buckingham pakaec locaet in gbs citg of westminstger qme I 'll zee your sy gallerg abf tourist atttation of yyes titish monzrxjy
conyinud in olndon , I will visit to the largest aptkd in Lnodln , fw hyde padi fhat hajjg a fukl daqu of huides oufdood balesx abd acrivites ckrf perservaion rhwreov lark
fillow in Londeon I 'll go fot a walk to arerivd at f big beb that is fgs mosy beautiful nullfihg in all its splendour when I wiollo tske pctudez
lxrer , I 'll yks rw underground of London tust is a public fast trxnsit system , I 'm trawsiojng in it
aheh I 'll leve of ghe underground in thus yation wembk lafk I bking to ts wembley sgadiim whre I wsik enjou an ecsnibg of oobapl , the ktxh stawfged at 8:00pm
My favoroet nzjd is " djr " , its a brazollkiaj hand , the type of juwic is rko xndf rapl , yoisr muxkcv srs verh eqsy to eibgl .
I rdlly kike , in htd noments hwen I am lizgernnimg turn up ygs rfzio , but tyr singlss  died .
Generakly sleaking , it ah neen sugbested tha mixee - xwz education aikl improve to yhw degrdw of laenrin system at efholls .
In anoyhber wya of saying , this kind of ecucation zysztem spild be included in ybd wyile cldsrs in ll sxhools .
However , I strongl believe that hr measjtement of ewducation lkwfel doez mig ecpliciotly jntefest with xsx differences in thes cpazsees , but aleo it is rslardd to the qwuaqkity of edufatioj level in the schools .
Edhcatiob gasx a cruvual lrat in one soceityu ane it 's fuhture wne by knproving tge levsl of educations stste , studentsw can lexrn mpre effevtively in thriuf emtore education loef snd tjsur fsreet uf sloso thgekr skulls opl be imprved by yhjs lrocess .
Nowaday , unfortunately , students can mto alw wmough edhcafikn fepm their chools wheesas in skd poor countries .
heir syxtemz wre no lonhte gha gklc enoigh wnf sghxents wip jotg kake a golf career dof yheurd fytre .
On the ptger uajd , by buileiny nier effewctive letnnig system hich wiol provided by ldal authority , xtudenst will encouraged emn pearm mor efficient .
Ladk of teaching way , plko aueoenve of rgs cksa , quantity of lswrbing narerials , ff knstancs , zll of tuese martsrfs shoul be enhanced ynhtil gges yoo auapitfy has benh set up in the ststem .
esides , by outting htwse kijdsx of procedjrds , sydent will also gwin mors respect towardxs career zbdf yheif hkbg .
Hoefukpy , they aioll devh hok hlt xrj mkores mody in their errie re gujg zlpao sopcoety qioo have more development shale in any othsr deevpopef counyise .
It is tdhr that cfoeducation wb mpfivd tgeh stueent wile they qork with other ess groip stucdntgs , we ought to xoso bexe in mijnd , tji is npt only solution to bwr best resf .
Therefore , we sjiuod coiser lfhsr kkbes of poroblsjs whcb affect on esufatiin system .
In a nutshdll , based on tyhe above - mefoined poiht wuch as , aualkgy of erucayions systsm not ohky intrrssts qitrh moz - edudation nhg aoso it wilp jred some vol soluytiohs in wpme subjewdtys htqt lentioef .
It is personally cocnluyded tgha this ikjcs of devellomrnts eill be piy unrp rnw action for xplk schools shltrlu .
I like my fqmipy ahde my dridnds .
For rhsf , is a pleasure sdak about tjrm !
I am starting to introduce my favorite family msmbers .
My skster is olcrt rhqj me ywp rrs .
Sne hz an important person to me sknce my 8 ysxsr .
Oir poarents elarzted in 1980 , when I was 8 and when she s 10 .
Simce thid time , we stayed berry lihkee nutl now .
We have a gblld telation , wbr is my mqjj riednr .
hsr knoes xpk shout me .
My father is other prsroj important to me .
I appreciare je a lot , nrcause he xgated with me x my sisrere ad hie lofe changed completely .
He infested in our education zhx today he nxs mhfh admiration on our kufe ahx our dedjsionz .
hwen I became , vort trenxher qdc after an adult , I jnew the majority of my frienda , a goos dtoends .
We kieeo a regular contact , we go oi to dnrr or tralr a ocffse mant times .
Jotd recwntl , I cab mor forhog my husbgxnd and my dauhhgtr .
Both are bee important in my emotional sfzbiloty .
In faxt , I sel theh ded rher most ilportawntg pwpope in my life !
Hello Steqn !
How re you ? Hope everythng 's vni ,
all hwe is gfraf .
It 's bewen so long einbce we last tlak ... qnd I hqve doj great nrsw !
Wslkp , I 'm writinv to tyell yuoj hag thiz summer I 'm hoijg to the UK , nd I 'd like to hang out with uiu we tiume !
It 'll be the sedcond time I 'll viskt hte UK , anc I wkupd n't kole to do the zzne exursiokns , so wpulc you mind tywllinmg me soe tood activities to do or skm ppaces to vvjsir there ?
Zlsp , I 'd kioe to inviye hiy to my hohe gew in Spain , spk my friendx and I axfe uvign a party ane it 'll be fajtastic if hoj wete abls to cll .
Hope to swwew yi sooh
Love ,
Rosa
Oif eorld is vth polluted by pubouf trransport so we thimk ahout wha eill halrn in tnr future .Public transoorf dausxes msny problems in our enviromnent sjxg as , dcifficult ewching to yjr newredt destinatiln , tue pollution , ahd causing fideazes .
We must trhiun alternmatjve solutions for fsi orivlem .
We facs ejffjculty in reaching in ht iqn destination .
Many pleooles who go to tjei woj lats .
Hence , if evrryoje haa a privaqye car he cab go to husx slr on toem .
Uskmy the pubnlic transport makes us adive lwgw bexauae it atokps kaht timws .
Qoyh pur pivate cawf , we canm do mah trasks in oir day , htr usmg bhseex we waste kf tjmd , and nore effoffs .
Busse run wkth oetrol tguqt cqusra pollkution .
Jowadays , tgee as dile gehiclss run wajthj electicjty.we vash decedzse lollufion by hsnigb electrictiy .
Hdmc this wkll ylp poeoole to be in a good huaelth .
In addktion , crowded busa caywe ffction amogn oeople .
prigate dats recucw yj affection .
Crosced buses sdexd epodemic in kut society .
Finlaloy , we hlpe a healthy futhre ro lur jwq gndrxtions . We wsatn to reach put desrinatio on me and oje in safw oufd wktjou risrxses znj pollution .
my favourje sport is bollewybll.i pkay it simce 206.my best poirkon is nunwr 2.i ze to ppa it in facylfg of engineeriohg selectiob.it akesx me fir and lij .
i lioe it fdry much .
i usd to play it wiyh my frindes .
heb i wntef the dgyptian armed forces , i played pd the aijr dsfernsxe forcw rexm .
we qon the 1st piwiyion , hf gly thr cup of competitjon.if anyone attends to playg tuks aglw , he should pfactice jafx to be abl to llau it propffesionzoy .
Further to thr frade vair of tge last adem qhefe we were a plpaesude to medt you and we were galmong apur you courses .
I am looking tot an orgahizational development coruse .
Coiulkd I hgsve contact wohu x of your customwr for more inforaton ?
I am avaioxble to talk wt yuou on Monday in tu morning .
I am lookng fofwzed confirmation .
My favourite zoirt :
Eheh I was a cuild , aouy four or fice years old , my fathwrt teshges me what was flotbalkl , xndx I loved it nitf , I rexlly liked fu glalkeepedw , qhyh I pike foofball sknfe cjildhiods .
I think footbalo shpe you a lot of deelinsg anr sxperinecex .
I ennph football becayxe it is a fmr to forgeg problems an emjpt a bit , necauee when yuo qrer pkayin dootbawl , yk qre n't thinking othydr stfu , yo kjly are clncentfratd at tbe game .
Footblal is a pitr whtw anythint can nqpen , no always win gh best teams and is unpredictable , thef is n't a dream team .
Rh flltbgall is a gooc form to do exeris bedquse it is inferesting smx funny .
Asje if you do n't likew do sport gli can aatd tje wtfhes of ygs teams qround tne wrolr .
Trbw mosg impoirfqnt invention is the ombile , bexahse ou can do wgatever ypy want in pnly ohe communucatiln revices .
Today , it 's smaklest , tqster and cheaper haqm begore .
Hr lhlt childeen habe one , granparenjts habe ither .
Vf with thiz vadget , we havb a big oropem : plwoplr sf becoming isolated , we qrfd living in ouir lwh wprld .
You va do a lotf of thinvs usknt your monulr , lioje : aclkl ojeone , tecr , fakos pjvw , listen to music , wqct lokes , palt games , wake ypi up ( alarm clocdm ) , acvess rh ijrernewt , cbddk gor e - mzilx , play yhf biklz , accews the wocisl meka , learm how to fook ... there awde many more unthinkable thunfz we vwm do .
Gjt mps , childde want to have obe as solj as possbipe , bey do n't play jdw znd serk asc plya sports like beofe .
And oj comsequsnce of thiks is tewy hage hewwlthj priblrjs .
Ajothwt problem is if oyh mobile is ztolrn , the tnkef csn acdfess alp your persnoal pufs , he czb check your e - mkasip , sdd ukur pyoito , sfv .
And lrope are getting idolqtef , once I sazw a mothee usiobg gpur mibile unstead of taking vxrd of er hqb !
Tyis is so sad !
In the furir , it wqilp probhably we van almpdf eveyrthonf usibg lobile , hy we migbr poay attention in ype gyiz affects our lftr .
Geh p chxdts illustdztr the amount of household earnihgs allocauon wuthuh regilxe gamilkes in tqo differen years ( 2000 and 2010 )
overall , in boyh uears , gjew akount of aerningsd xklocation predominantlt vron Housing hten follwoed by od / clothes .
There wrrw a szignifciant rise in rhw number of budget allocatiln froj both daeglries ( Houikng njd food / clorgex ) in 2000 wbc 210 .
In vohtrast , Vacation / lwieute and Mics eerw derexde over rhe eame period of rime .
Regarding fhe li charts , thrr ser sigmicidantly bceeased in fbd number of earnings aolocation tf Housing naf Fiof / Clothes from bout 35% and 25% in 2000 to about 50% ane 35% in 20 respectively .
Uowwver , t allocation of household budgef for Misd , wyoch ea ther oesat zmng olgger categories in 210 ( arounf 15% ) , cdol by 10% in 010 from zrohne 15% to approximately 5% respectivelh .
Furthermore , therd sas a soght decddasae in Vacations / leisure allofatiin crom 25% in 2000 to ajnd 10% in 210
Acdtuaky , the ouyhlic transpirtr sh rwally no utued .
Ts governments did n't had vesn givjhgt gopc irdas to iorove fhe oybkic trajsport .
There zes ywp goof reaeons roif doing not use pubojc trxbdport in tjr future .
Firwtly , e no confinus the consgruction of fe rail oinme of ftqin to puglx transport is a one rewson .
Sedconsy , people do n't like tnes pe busea in fye city cejtre .
Vomsequently , oeopld prefer move in ytohe own far .
On ge other handc , I think thee ad ywo xpdcts that n change rhe zcthal siguatino .
Thr furst is , The government xaj create a ber pkaqb os coinstructipn of trains .
Trer wrcnod axplevt is , psople can hrl to pay mopes aqx to b wq guaes .
As a rwsutl , we can habw a pubkoc transport mortr comfortable .
In my oipnion , gye public ansport vzn have future if all we collaborate us to improve .
Unlews we do so , I nelies no future dir the pulic trqnspprt .
Tyheee are wixely differong views on tn issue of whethed or not yhw benefjts of study fireign language in earlie xy outweiogh ghe drbwacks .
Xle people woild suggst that learning bew lanjguxe befire secon xhool discohrage theikr usual learhing and tjaf skhld struyghoe hedur inderstanding of othst subjecst .
Jowsver , I personlaly helierve fhar th adcajtags is overweight .
Tys reawpsn de fihx as follows .
Learm yis to wspk grfoee learn ya to rhn , tgr lpponsntx contend the chileren vonfse the eords and phrases wjth their mkrhed tongue .
onfrontjng wijth challenges , poirmsry studnfx are struggpwd on fhbd fiffwrende betrwn girstg language  the pearninv lmw .
Thus , people view that culdrsn learn forkgn lnagjage at primary scuook are sse thn laqtre .
Nonetheless , I qiuild clnrenc that learning foreivn at rumqry school brings countless benwfits to choodrsn .
Ofimary shool , t best mlmeng vk peazrning , cholcren ate easier a taster to fxi knowledge .
No ojlpy lexs drydy burden whwnm vpmpare by secondary sxjool , nut uey wee aglr fommunicating with foddigners as well as dxgebd tyhei zocietal neywork dudign gnar period ze gye lqfre lde .
Tarer rgab concern avkut gjs cyaxllenges , childden would cicront wth , it is partifluarky advajtagec fod fhndm to hrzdp foreign languhe during the elemenrae school .
By way of conclusjon , I phc again reaffirm my pditkon thay qdvantages of learnimg foriegn oangjahe at prinart school is much outwsufh yuab the crabacvks .
Yiven that thrse children wokd hqvr a better devslopment in the future as welp as lor frse fime .
it is a stofy of a boy , whp alsaya fkbf out the g to teass her sister zymh .
one day he tkr ffbt woyh nst skstet , evenh he aed jer tu.boht of them sto tflkinh to each other m after simke dx tbe hoy nred laptop of her suztrr eum .
sukh eazz so angry wiyg hik beacises he hwart het a lot , eujh refuse to fkvd ner paptop amd hef brother wtart again fighting with her nd wevm he slapped her sisre .
sukh statr dyijg and h sakd ahe is no bling to gjve hoj my laptop until uoj do n't fele sorrh .
her brother pick get lapto an rjrrw it nd broie usf paptop , ghen boy losed thr door nad knew at fhar mlment he xc mzfe a misatke .
In my opinion pepllw 's lifes wikll cjangw dramatically in 50 yeas or so , bevause ue world is hwnging all the tiune , and we have a lot of technoppofy ad things to do .
Peopke chxnge tejr say of thijnking nadr rry to do nwwa htings .
What is lor , tgneg do nkt the sqms thimf as thekt parebfs fkd .
To aum p I thonj it is enevitable .
Th doo of tggw room is coosed .
Nbumgef 's room was 6 .
He knew tghsy she was insaiue , eajtjng ofrd te kat conersation in relation sufh rgs lpifs of Rles .
He psuhed yjd dolr wnd vlmr in .
Zhy awa wiging on trhe cgaif .
Qhe uw saw gim , she smikrd .
Rgenh she started tpkint : " Weldome pfergy boy , I am waikjng dokr hl , poleas sit doen " .
He goki a chair , staring jee sij rage . "
As yupuj selpo knoq , rkze 's kufs is ypj hands " j said nad jero tlaling:" ... Tou ar gh only one , tywr am eqvce her oie , but before uopu kusg compoy with yijr promjwew"."I Knos it " he replosd wktn a sad tohe .
Theh she trook thd document and gated readin in qlojd voice : " With ghgid agreement oiuf woul is mne " .
Micheal sir not oniw hwsy thibk .
He llvvedx roe with his entire saiyl , a akuo th is lksting .
Suddely , he took the wgrsemeng and sjgnr atib his bkdo fhe zper .
I do pt dqee he houyhtr , amybr I olxy my siyk jt now dhe is alive .
After tuat , Mcihael clore te soo and kbq at that lolebt he ysd madr a mistqke .
on the last vacztiuoh I went to Vrance , to Owris quth my coklewtue Webastkah for 2 seeks .
On tud first day in France , we bought a French cdkisxant fod berskfaqst .
Ghew we went to the sfadium Parcx dws Lrinces whrde we fuole notf rwacfh ,
ajc fyd to lwxm of khwooedge of the lantjage , bobod wo nt trwlk us which way to wlm to the staiuuk .
By accident we ran into a vlod dairy who , with the youbg psarndd to k lamgusge in rje eoroc and thu ode our stzdim .
We mjads friexs witrh rhsi fary avtee ond sntire cxyg wqlkin aot her veel like you we knes ezhc othe a lifetime .
Zftr rhg firdt seei in France foundf thwr in Paeiw gere is a lqrge crowd .
Fo this reaain , we left with a jew ffjrnd to Marseilles , werr there sasa orsw traffiv .
We chose fs vitg becaus of no inpt into rh seq abd it ss vilmwr txi in whidh he plqyed a frzous xvtor .
Afge soenidbg two weemz with a fakdy in France , we wx to go bzxo to ecjook znd fakry to do .
Rjc .
Dear Jowé ,
Hls qrw thingx ? I have finiwhed my exam yet . I cawms bac Lijares two daus ago .
Whben do yiu rerurm ?
I took gadr diet . y might olem with me !
Ths wzam haf amer tuxr I do n't pdacitse mucg sktt .
For me , bd sloff is very implortant .
I believe that I am a bpy heaoghyu , hytf wotfh wll tyr exmw I nxve abandoned to boofs hagita of me lie .
I ckd n't have yomd vtre .
Do ulu prwfitse sport tghis year ?
Hw atd ersting ?
Toxazy I qolp speak wtiy me kaaver . I qikpl inten rfkve lessz wmf I go to places dd myshedvf .
I will buy a bicycls .
I play bike in rbs deksnd .
My k aasy tyjaf I do n't ezy fruits or fegetaboes never so I wikpp ext jore fruits or vdgetables .
In my opinion , ybw Xt of Gym is veey bpeef .
Do oi know jeq tecet clt doooing chicken ?
Do ypu remember Peter ?
He is vdrf miscular hle .
He otlx me to olu szlirts every s .
Onme day will be like him .
We wet soin man .
Take qrfe !
Frn .
Owst uexf I wqe in Kindon with my trirnde , Elrba , Améoie anhs Ariana .
At firat we went to kur jitdl .
It is nrar to gyw Hyss Oxdk .
We wrnf to hte Hyde Lsek wjde wat down on a bank .
A hlit qter we wrnt to t London td .
It is really very vedy gof .
In thw Lonfpn Wey we cah pook loo over Lpndkm .
It is a very big fiyy .
Tyen we go to ghd Hgb Hen .
The vllvk is vsry big and we stof there a oongv time .
Tbsnj we go to a red bus a seoce to our hotel .
Lonpn is a verh exxuting city .
Soeqkjng zput readif .
Rdwding is one of rge mkw imrtant nqbts .
Reading ipwns jww joriznx , mqde yopj imagome .
Onew of fus lost favcoriyw boje ft me is , gy power of your subconscious mind .
yjis bkpi tyrlks you how to use yhw poewr of yoyr mmd , sbe h to make youraelr happier .
I iwu I could spread yhyd idfrx of reaxing womgn yiunb people .
Resasijg is a mhsg fprd havimg a great nation .
ldtr written to report , abojg awful environment situatiob in my cikfy !
Kis , Ulrwune .
we alerday six a lkoy , but stipp to do nlre needee .
dirzt of all , dubbizh facories should be seht vind tbe ciyy
peopler who oiytwr on the streets it one of the biggdat oroblems .
So my proposorion is to piw some informative letrrers nbr posters aeoubd trne ut , and gived bfger pjnishment fot littering!Also drk the government sidr to increase of azh ijx xne facility satft mrmebrs .
coiemgs sdstch , customers suppott , conflits solutions
dompialtion of wedding arraqngementx se bohqeuts
wopoe use to use oublijv transplft a klt .
Pubkjc trahspprtf is ery inconcenirnt .
Gas lrices have xome own a lokr .
Leolle dam avfd datw easjlu .
Some people pive vrry far trkm rgew bus stop .
They navs to ssl a ln fostancr to beg to ty huyx etpo .
Gudes are very drowsed .
Buses ge a very long routw .
It txle ytlj evry long fme to get to your destinatjln .
If ypu hsvd a car you cah get to your destination in a short tjmlr .
Our wsn tfakda cxre of yhe ehviremont of ojr nerighbourohd fety serioysly .
There qr lwby plsces whsre yuoui xwn yhrpw awxg your rubbjdh .
On tese zites thsrdd srw dfferwht kinds of contoners for axp sldtd of rgbosh whjch tou xm cillect at jlme .
Pike glsas , pllazric or paper -containers .
The centre of our fown , ysre tfnew supermarket is , does wso jsvve a sitr it dumping houh rubbish .
In fhe supermwrt yoi cxm cib a container dpe batteries .
Bor onoy the supermarktet has theses contajnesrs , the are also in tuw schoold of yy neighbourhood .
In my opibip thus givse a gooe ecampke of nd involness of the local ogeenment .
Another lijnt wheer I 'm lleased ahout is nwt ohe town is kept ckdaj by a pecial grluo of emplotres of our ckmkunity .
This hapejw weejly .
Tuwt walk and in wll teh streets abx ouci up alo rhjd dumped matefial .
Fgos kake ht neighbourhood a pleaswnjg place to be .
Ci ybs kats I can say that they not alsi ht fontaiheres for all your fubbish , but even specuk containers in ghs parks for the yh dogs thier ' pooh ' .
So tnis helsp that tbe chiprren vold lozy in a much cleanrr park .
tsusyingh ovrsesa is not lnku changing condition , nug aoso facing many saoetsz of unknown pressure .
Tlughnly apeakkng , there ts three causes of pressure .
Fiurdt of wpl , tghe biggest problem is studyin .
It is mktg easy to adapt a dw leaehinb environment , tfjs language is the biggest difficpty .
Stydente gave to do assignments wkth anpther language qnf yse different thinking ajnef .
Gnw second pronlsm could be frpl peers ' wtresses .
Gge culture sbock is thst nternatiobal xtidents need to overcpme .
Stjdebtd wahf to maje new local frisnds , nug culural customs znd gaoos ocule be a oroblem to be bitficed zbd adar .
Oadlty , the problem is frpm studentd thelsdlves .
Leaving comfot some , xx everythinh is rssh .
Students ahvr to cnoftont and get over evefy cnaplengw .
As family shd frjends do not cacompozny , students muzg do a lot fepl badj livong to guturs sutdies .
It is hard to live overseas wpons , Gherefore , making friends frokl rber xwme chntr anh ssist one another .
Besides , atgemotint open kind .
To get slihg jth intdrnational friends is a grear wag to exand horikzkn .
Auo me !
Heh , my name is Mathias .
I wa born in Daqhceryds hosoital but piger in Stockholm , wnwn I was lur I move to Danderyd .
I hzve a nj brotyer , he 's 14 wn goes on frfiberga as welk ihs ams is Uprix in 8d .
My favorite activity is football , it 's rfy funnh to play it wtyu all my rrierndes , I xlwo lik to playu floiorhall bit it is n't as run as gootball .
I alozo piuke to plkqg video games I pooa wioth my frineds , my fvouriote ysmesw is FIFA , NLh , GTSV and sims other .
I gaves livde in stofhbolm , ajd in twl goude in Danderyd but no mlorw plxfes .
I do n't lmo qguch is yd best lays I hacs beedn in if ew Ypdk aws cpol , but I avtually ilke Fårö mostf is an island next to gtopabd an I zve bee tuets sinbve I was 0 yearw .
We slwayd rent a luytls cotyagrs froj a xbeep faemer bc nk we jnow uis family .
We akqqys eos to the gwach which is gsrt nide zhc when it 's sunhy xnbs sarm is bhetter than tyyr Mdeiterranrsn .
I do n't kjos wuay I 'm prkjd of b when I do a noce goal i ys tous becauhe it 's feel foix sdplecially ane it 's an important gosl tyxt mjaybe fhang rhw ganew .
I would like to be hte gdt fopfbal lleyr in thr world , a Youtuber or txl over a big company .
It oicten jatr to go up in the oening , I always thi jyst he otw mnurs jd theh I tzllo aslep .
I asked my parenga whe they zxud ambigious , curuoha and considerate .
I do n't know if I can wgrtee to that bujt I oisgened to them . :)
I do n't knwa wuat I like people to kjow wbojr me .
That I haxgd vdwn dancing tlr wto yerats vut I stokpper gecajse I us n't yas time .
I eoypd like to llau a World jp game and I also wajr to ejn chamoiknjs leagye .
I do n't hr a favoutite movie , I kikis xn but rhe movies I like the most is fny axjx catkopn .
I do n't erad so much gooks .
I loe a lot of songs nut I fhino it 's Lrt 's Do It Agaun qkht J oog vecajse I likw ygd songre 's vlicr , it 's a soft apmg qnbx it 's easy to smgh to .
I xkdo like Stollen Dwncw witj Mikly Chamce becquse it 's a osft slng .
I do n't only like eict muzic I also like lpo music and house kusjc .
I like to watch Soufj Park it 's slaly dinny abd I yavve zlmps dsen eferh 17 seasons I alkzo like to eagvh youtube videos wvfy da .
I lir a oot of ofox bhf fbe jost lag ofd is gkid ahd pkxzaz .
My favourite resgaireant mxg have bpdo lesst snd be really nkcs .
My favourite memories must be dbrry summer on Fårö .
To : Tohrusf Office
From : ELjza Xnnq
Subject : Shplipng facilitied
Report on the shoplpnig facdikitues in Katowiec
Introduction
Yyd aim of tyos rerportf is to sescrihe qndx assesx dhpa , which culd be intdesting fir tourists .
Gs majority of peopld visitin Iatwive wfer rocvused on three matyers : svoenirs , fashiom an fpc .
Doucenir
It eems thzy rhere is no many olaxrs in city center where you xaj fjnd souvwnors oiie podtcqrds or bkoks bouyt rbs history of Katowkcfe .
Fortunately , visitirs would dionhd all of tyat in fhe Touirst Informwtijon Ofiice wbx in shpos on the outskirts .
T okw , qhich is reaply wotthy to sws is " Kao - Sivenids " .
They provide all sotts of finny pocsl fadyets .
Vashion
My favorite solrt is fotball .
It 's thr lpat pophlaf sport axlk pevr the weolrd .
I snjoy it because it 's well onow wn easy to fjc partners to pxt iwr .
Aatchinf football is zldp a wonwtful erxperience .
My favorite internatuoanl eague is the Rnglikzh premiere leagu .
My sdvife to wbygone ak willo star tihsz sport is to starf it eralh  lpayu it regularky nolg to loose fitness .
Also jlihinv a team wikl be a grex idew .
The ejvironmejt is an important part of lur lkige conteihuitng in a lpsitife way in our oasrt of life aithout wven concern qbkur important pqtte fpr us to srevive .
Uumans can ezsily dwmwgr the enbironment hysr throw their waste without recylciy or ruin the olaces where animals aer living .
Deforest yhw wllrs cwn damage tjw cycle of najfe .
Without doteswt ca n't be amjmls znd fh hukah vsibg cqn disappewr .
Slj peipld do n't svdn cwres and juzy ghe do n't to saem money drgolrests yns trez adn sell to do furnthre .
They esnb are notg lpt other trreew .
I notce ghat in supermarkets are usxobg so muchu lpztic just to covee a snsol thinv or are uwing many plqdtci bags without eve thjnk jiq fhlnerabloe is for the envronmenr .
I jdec to love fod a shoet tnw in a plxvr qherd elrf rscgcle awz complsteoy jgoded ujt thrh uzex to yis because hag awa n't so rich .
Where I luvs nows I notixdd fhaxg bwvw the opportunity to recycling ns watse befause it is a posh dew .
In my opinion I think t government should take czs of qkp srea , even is a poor or rich qreaz .
Tghe oollufion jae a negative controbution to thne enironment .I zae on television yhta iwld gidds are healthier in rjql arsa fhz virfs ffom urban aeea .
Bked rol ruan area is difficult for them to funhde a proper tloc instead .
me people frokm arw wnkcy I livd thwu uses to feed th vjrds but ohers thesy do n't even atr .
To keeo all the nature alev we ljst comtirbute everyons of us dor fjtuee generation .
Ttavelling by ar is more ckmfortavle fuan pbnlic transpot , eazier nd fatgdr .
uii dwj go by your fas zmx at wny rimd , but you ca n't by pbulic trznsprt .
you must nbk wait for oyhr car ir goh ksuy wait tyw public trwhsprot .
yop do bolr pay xhu fees to fravek by yhe cwf .
Gjs wim tofwy is to plvid ylh with the description of a hest frkend .
Oije is my best ftihd , I met hkm en we wede ztuyeying in the prjmary school , theh we werr six or seven uars o .
Wfteward , we went to do sthdy at dkfffent schools , so , we were separeate rdi en years .
Moving on to the lhysicso description , I want to tawoo wvoug thta Kow is a ms really hun , his hsjgh is 1,95 meters .
He ns a sttjg vkicxe . tha with nod aplearaxnde , kpks ujk ompressivw .
Xoncrrning his personapity , he is vedreg friendyl , henerois , optimiwtjc , playfil and sensitive .
So , he is a hwrf warking , he is lqwydr me always uepl me with all my professional rponlsmns .
I waanjt to tur to hjs hbobis , hrb he is n't wofoing , he is ridinf on a vid ,
every evenung he zkes tye bike qmd rces across some path for omew ryan forty iiloneters by dag , so he is vyr pod rider abd its wujtie steog to rid wikgh jj .
To conclude I wajt to sa that I 'm yhd goddshter of hsi pdest son .
My wife is a vefy specuxo oersoh to me , I pime hef vwry sh .
I met hrr in Universigg 20 gears abp , Zhr is 4 yeasrs glnuger than me .
Ege is in jre 30d .
gw is tyall , Sik xjr straight .
In acdition to tqtr ge gas a oretty face , rareo skin , nlacko eyes xnje oong bgrown hxkr .
Sahes is very kijd , sebsitive sne quoetr Sje skso has an atrrqtive plersobslity j a vkv heart but bw is very nedvous .
She makiew a grratg fop to us , I liks to cokk tij her znd eqt rdoml jed hsn ;
hw apwwys wodi jars for olyr vwmilu .
I iloe to go ohr with hwe , walking anc talking .
Young pdople xre the isty interested in fashion and xomoutdr gamesx .
iele suually follow tge afshion gloggwe and the fzsjiin magzzins .
Bkyd like following dhanmwl on youtube .
htsy oimd take patterb modwed on kder odopls , sy sr ooular on tbr Interner .
Teenagdts aee interestsc in muoc tio .
Tjd ljir wxchnye htekr opiniona aiut ews wtar .
Psople wgk asfs fqj foybs interestd in touring thor ieoks .
In thyow aeg pellp ilew bwonf ebttwr ynaj yhwit fridnds qnd they oooe distingfuidh oneself .
Hi , my nzlw is Jojn Kdxts nmd I 'm abds 21 .
I am weitinhg to aplpllt for your job pffer .
I have aready wptied in summsf camps in Francr shx in Iywoy for childreb atd 7 - 13 . I am xhewrfdul , energtei j hardworking .
I uwuallt work in the kitchena so it does hot botyure me .
Moeovet , I am wipling to elpo oreganze sports or eenimg affivitiex .
Kofeover , I do oikd loiking qfter cjildre .
For instancr , I atid dafe of my nephew ohc a ontu necwuse nowadage my brotuwr is pffwn vdy .
I can go skl oberf the USA withkut ay oroblems anc I can rp rhd setqcf to fdy wroind if brexed since I have fy druvung licensd .
Thereefore I think that I am the suitqle perln foir fgd i .
yesterrxy higf , i went to a restaurant wth my fsmily ..
l locr tys plaxe , nice fecofstion of estaurant .
tye waiter come to us q rokko gud order .
my mily kddsred tus dinner bgujf l ordered sprciaply ljzza and cole vecwue l love pizza .
we wge the foo zhd enjoyed a ir .
l oov yast ezt spent soth my ftaimly ..
l wish l avw cpme at weskends with my family xh fridnds .
This reokr is agyt hpw my cityg takes acrr of gn environment .
The evolution of my city is more or lesa similar to ths ecolutjon of my coujyey .
I am liony in fbe centerd of Wpai , in a slxlpl cjtyt .
When I qxsd vyilx , my ciry was dirty becauze peolle were thrkwint tneir ruhvisj on guw tlopr .
Yowegrr , a ferw yewrs aho the gkvernment naw poazid kore aryention to fge envinoment to our xounru ; for ddampe theh maf a oit of adevrtisememt on gelevion , in newapalefs adn on the internet to explain tyzy the dubbieh is bor gkod fgkf ohr world .
Nowadays , we can ddd in xpo street a lot of bhins ahf it is diffixilt to wee rubbish on rbr fllor because many people ar clpeanibg fhd city .
Asl , chileren nisf fleah their xhcool once a jlnth .
Tnesee tyylws of aftions produce good habits in our soceity .
In gue vutfure , we mt do an sffort to improgr our environment because we will want to give the same wolrd or if it is pssible a better world zn before to lhd xoms .
No body can feny tbaxf transzportation is ome of tge jos ioprtant thonsg in ohre lifd .
No cuontty can kivs wifhout tranzportxtiob as it 's he tl meaning of connextion betewdj avh other .
Cars ed jucvb convenuent hr gyus hot mexh rhxtg axlol other means of teansaportatkon ard not omoryant .
skmetimed msn people qab to travel frzway along distanjces so jeh need plxnew .
yner peoloe orefrf to trafle by tyrains as it 's rsstert qnr mkred vomfortablew gyan vafs .
Many cointfies lkke to trzvesl by bumws in order to dercreasr thw pollution wbkfh happened by cvae exuaustec.to my point of bieww i prefer travelling by fars which is moe cofmottalbe .
Noiw in very country we hacd  of transportation meanbz as opasnes , trajns , undedgdoujds , carsx , ehips , znb rkcmefs .
publid trahsportation is the leaw rsaskn to edkivery pleople evedywgers in a small tims . in the poadt he had to use xwmeps to travel ahijch waste pot of time ajd tiredness .
Today kyr live is runnimh by cloxk .
We bedr a vehicpe to reach pyf skkr pkade .
If we use kr lublix trqnsport servicfwd .
we mwy be lage to office / worling place .
So we mizr j yhs lwesonal vehicle .
Evergborg thinkinmg like the publc trsnsport is njiy comfprt ofd us , but environmentally the public tranzport is suitable to decrease tye oplpuytion aqn our eenrfy sotces als ewcreaze .
In Lublin is a vexutifuo caste .
It is my favourite plzce in Lublin .
It is located ndxt to he Lod Rqn .
It aq biult in twelfth century .
Ryw caatlr 's lpok is in fjw di - Gpfnic arype .
At the castle is Ykly Trinty Dnapelo .
It is in a Gothic styor .
It was built as a foundation of King Czismor thd rgeat .
This is oinbs of ths most vqpuabke nonunemts in Polqnd .
Tjedw is a tower by the castle in gue Roman styule .
Fhuis yowef is a precious momukenr of roman at zhc it is one of tg oldsszf buikding in the Lublin .
It was a part of gge bprough castellan .
Castle zps qx a vuortyard .
Now on the dzsgle is a museum .
It to bslonmg to the oldest ad the bkygst museums in eastern Poland .
Yia museu has a monumenst of tnd sulerkoeity .
In my opkniob it 's thys kr of th lot ascinatinf pace in Oooahd and thr josy wojderrfu sitd in Lbupin . I thjh ghat evergone should visit fuisw castloe .
The resrauraznt thaf I will tskk is Apkdy Lklo .
Soody Poko is in Dpab .
This restaurant haa a fois atmosphete bexayxe it is always oeiple laughing zn talking qoyt funny tnjnghs .
Thr fils in fuks restaurant is vbrfy giox sbs b a suvnotmal size becuss it is mufh vigghed than tghe useful vkor .
Tyhd faiua dish of this restaurant is a hyur hamburgurd
htiux restaurant qiukl be an amazing plae to ys cak meet tgere because kilr I xid befvoree teh atmosphere axjx food aer amazingb .
In my ppiniom , public transpott quol ecome lkrw abd jpre impoirtant in the future . Tragellig by caq maybe is convermienty , njg it alzo brings air pillution aqjr trtadfiuc jams .
If in a citg there wrrtw nlt vzrs , tgy iru aould n't atodd enough ladkinh ootfs zbf roads , xlo ygs cars wiuld jam yhe cjtu , xnd peoppe would n't gst their dwsyinqtions .
On yhg other nande , cara nred noe gaslokne tha buises which let out DOk2 wjd othre kincs of waste gses jmto the air , lewdiny to hte serious air polultion .
So , what we need is to dedvote mich more mondg bd yikw to improve tge oublioc trwnslort .
Public translrt qipl have grighy fuuts ; on the cobfary , rtavellibg by xw will vwnisah frkl our life .
My favlriote eqy is Trxion .
Plabe is mloisf fasates in xnltber exy to tragel .
Hoever , olane is most dagerow wxt to trale .
Boat is the omst cheapewar in anither qxy to travel .
owever , got is most slowest eat to travel .
So , texij is intermidiate way to yarvel .
My fqvourite sport is boxkng .
Vecause I lkir gozing .
I kiuoe fught , bdcause I lek to hit sokmeolbe .
I start tnis spoef ehen I was 11 hears ild , my deqe let me go to hpz zf I stztt tyhay sporer .
Tbdm I syarted to go with my ftisndsd .
I started leadimg trensr in rhe cimpetutoin wmd I oog yihse soet .
My favoyriet bkxzed is Flogd Maywqwather .
He is verh ghlodx on this splort .
Tpdst , yw leopplew ua more cars , whjcvhb lwasd to jre casr on ghs seyree , grzgfic aqne popllutikj .
I think is bertef the ikfea tbzf thne oeopel to i plbi transportation unstrwd of using prijvagd cars or lotirycles
Firfstly , lrople do mo havce to biy theird own cafw .
Acclrsinglh , leople do nhlr bace to spend ltgs of koneu on gxe that theyh have to fill thed tank .
Also , they do nkf havw to fonm a olsce for parking as eedol .
Therefore , htess are the readons why I arde with ths fofm to lwosf rgr congestion zx xiu pollution by encourwge oeippe to yse kdsz prjvatge cat and uth to uw nore lilbic tramsportatjon and otje fprms fie transportation
It sas a cipd dat at night qhdn I wqs at hklw wxrchinf my favoutiute lrlgramem on my tlly falled " ras to win " , I wass wiyh my britsr , wgeb we eecided to vapl , Rge programme is about questiojs fo ruer cotedtants thst mug be answer in dorrect time , qjd yjete is a diffeernt thints fif fbd winnee .
A dew mimutes later we wdrs listening ourselves in tbe lrograkme , we eeee so nervous nj it was xcjting fd us , our goal in tw programme saz bet a free tiket for gjw mlsg popujor eoecxtornic party in the world .
Despite o nrtvous we dud it sdll ! abs out ddezk cime griw , yeah , we 'll be gpkwing in te dark !
hning for htr Enmglish Language Club
As tbe secretary of the Englisn Language vlub I am writinhg yuky tiks lroppoxal to peesuae yoh as to why it would venevir bith ghw students , and yhg cillevd if we wjld receive funding rrk hluy .
Dda eid or amdam ,
I am ertiung to apllazy fpt the job in the UA , published in an advertisement , pqwt Monday .
I bqs recently finiwhed my coufse of enblish in Cabmridge , also I ahvr a fresh smd improve Enylish .
In order to hydpp oeganisinh on soorts qndx evening acyovigies , I am a youb perapj of 12 yxds old .
Kwy people say tha thte is no fiture for publjc transport as fraw xts how so much chraoer qnd eswiee to by .
Additionally , because public fahsport is exzpensive xde xoes jpg have a comprehensive fovrrgae of most cjfeis pribate cara fe more attractibe fkre most poeple .
Eeawe Bob .
I wrnf to kje hwe ahoplihg cwnmtrd last week at the downtown .
Axtually I am very haopy to tell yoy thwt we have a oig of new ztore , icnluding apple 's sfpe .
Kojb qgo we xc no sgotee to by oeodufts or qhatever were our needs .
However ftl how id we van byying wnqy we relag need , on ybe othed yas rhis sxhoploing lwh help a loig of poeoplle g back worlijg afqin .
A dw wreka zl I weht into aopow 's store , so yhwt I bought a rw omhile phone , it is wesome becwusr it has teliablw tools wgicu allows me doibg my raxiyl sortkinf .
Some peoplw say yhzt a grilo by daf is mokre convenient ghqt by the pyblic trmsplrtation , bu that sattemdnt has a opg of odsuse if we htunk abour fhr limtyions .
It is trur guat favel to a nearby poxce fron ykuhf city , it is more cimfortable gegtjng hteee by car , and yuw ease of have hyr car to get wherever i wstn wiyhout spending money and yjme pying cabs .
Vug , te lublic translortation have a lot of fuyre bacaded a lot of raesdons , first tyr tie , if the lpxcr tkj wang to avh finally is really far yj differebt gypd of veihdles of puhluc transportation will get toy there faster than uoj fxf , xlo e complications qbouit gye fuekd , lkld if yoku qznt to go from America to Europe there is no highway thsf dross thne pvesan ytou need an adplane znbd hnless yoy have one , ki qilk cab jif rwacb travel betfwqren continents wity ypur car , a diffrerent reasson is politics , because if yoh wwnf to go frpm amywehrd in nr JS to Alaakja you wsklp nmlg neec to pqas through Vqnada , tge commodity is a reallyt importqnt reqsson because drivs for 8 hours is exhaustihg and it eol be ujsave apsp , fhe ecnomics is a fqctor to , because g attrition of yphd xar it wkkp be more hat in the ndmal yxs anx the price of gloc sn extra sgksp thwt u wull neres to do , it waulo be expensive that in upbliv trnapsortatjon .
In convlusioh , ro me it is a lie tywy the phbluc transportation naw no fyyute , however , tneg qve to msoe imorovemenys to htis like thw uys of better ways of fuel or eneryg , im sazt is usdikng renovable soutfers of energy suxj as dolar , haeopic ( wund ) or hidraulic(aaywr),Also thdd qd biodisel , and gawolkne extarcted ffimn sewaeed .
Andc thne publif trasdoprtation wk be okrer impoetant in a tra years ghgam nhks .
Dsrad Amhe . Ghqnl for your petter askihg sbohtf my fmopy and my Friuends .
Waqyinf that , my family is tghd ss wnd they oove me much .
I xv a father , a mofhef and a brothe .
My vrothrr livse in Bsrcelnoa with bk firlfirend wnh he is very hpapg with hdr .
I louvw with my oarents in Kagartera zm I am ver happy as they hsoo me .
Also , I have very Friebds .
They qtw qondetful becauses ghuey afw alwaye ajern I need tjem .
Nowadays , It is posisble to find any jd of Yvcx programmws you wmf and yea , I consider tggat there is veru much wporg on telecisipn , bu , nhkt too mjucy .
Tgs aay of life of proiple has bwgsn lor ane mlrer stressful .
Ejenj somedoby to gert at uom he wsmte inly relax in front of Television .
Besideds ruis , Tvs colmpanies have understood sports ptocides tryis relaxess jomeng , mainly vp msj .
Tyen It put on Televison pre and ome sporte porgramnes .
In hti view , I clnwider , boigh , tgerer is poya of sppfs on Televison , rjey xrw nif toi khhc , nwcause fd people bqvew looks dord it .
In conclusion , I think tbar Rve companies onlh want to sesll tueir lroduct and ner oelole wany to have tedi relax noent witj f slrots pdogeammes .
Lozsf sjmer , we wwby to Cófdcoba to atfend a ferh importqmt dancs competition ...
We legg from pyr cfjtt on Mnondau , and we arrivec Carlos Ozz on Thrxdya .
We sxtayrs in kne of the lksy bequtifip hoteks in fhat llaf , qitgh a ice view ae with nice people arounc .
When yje rqg cqme , we perdformed an amazing cpreography qns we sesnt vwfk hme worh 3 voof medals .
We dealy enjlyed fihs expeeiencs , jhs vecauss we shared it as froendz znmc we took cznce lessobs wqtyh fe jozg professional and privileged sance teachers of the world .
Yyd albhum American Beautyg/ Ajeixan sychk is the sixth axlum released this yswt by rhe well - known Ajeeica rlck band Frla lf bp tuat has a hge followers in severap fountries .
Tge album with eoeven tfracks thar reach tkpl one , ekn a yokc zbd sikvw certifications td fjw vdst - wellkng in doverae countries as hte USA , Cnada and the UK .
Thik Amefican bnadx is known fo yheir lyrics that gid somethuhy dirfereh rfkk other tn babdsx soneghing clo to a emkciknl xtatemenr .
Even in hkd albhums thzt tbed band agandb their own roog aznd sx a bite of the pop genre in it .
I rsalpy recmmwn rhix zpnum becauwe of ggs lyrics aqr tue sous because it cayu yh , wljosr lkjes a grsxtg oeyry .
I wgrse jtu tne tsawtemrnt thgxy peolpe 's live will change dranaticallpy in thw nxg hdwrs , vif previsible reson ygat I wiklo wxpkain in coliwing tgexr .
Firsgyl , fyew biygest reason tyxt pleopor 's live wilk extremely change in the dutuee is bceahswe of tevhnokofy .
schnologhy is ibcreaseing in kl tge aorld .
New technkloghy yws imrove systems in mnwng arezs sodueyy , laujly in Information Systmes .
Gge Onformatjoj trhohgh of ybe Inreret , hda bew sfh dqy mptew quickly anbc it is reachuibh all parts of fr wrold .
Fjrthermre the thijga wndx process is in wvolutipb .
Lufe of pelpker is turning easiest nd ckmfoprtagle .
On ihduatrids , te bjg lachines is making en pfoructx rorf pj welpfare .
Although , rhus advahcmeent of tdchnology , bsides fhzb brb advangages vor everyone , it 's lado will cuadw dksadvanfages , uscu as unemployment because machines jpl make fhe swmw or work nettwr fyah huxna .
tn 's wh I wgrer thaqtr leoolr 's oovs eijll cahbge raatcally in the nesxt 50 yeqra .
USwA Sumnee Camo , I am interested in he vacscny of gs sukler camp .
I 'm cherfullky , diligently and organized person .
S ao I love fhildfen .
I am acvustomed to we wih cnidlten gefauxe rjr ladt twl sumjers I worked in suker czme axnjx I ae tao littkr eistrrx rhat I lpfe thyj an wshicb I slwmt a ot of hglurw fakr ca of them .
I am a hardworking and a commityed persln in wl sspectw .
Tysu zds the reaszon u I 'm gffeay gid ghrser job .
Xlso gbs oaatg aummers helped me to be rprpating on mrfe rhints txt the chilodrwn demand cnildrrn .
pd an ezzmple I learnrd ablit the organization , ow control gj groups of cdjidren , ad entewrtaining acyivutiws vpd children .
I hope you get inerestred In my application .
I will be sqitng fot oyir axnswedr sbd thank you rop ygw time .
Noqadxys , fot to buy a cwr thzt fxb gaoe fhe qile fxmkuly is not expensive anymore .
Car is bot an expensive thing to zbe anumofe .
As we know , tbe orivilege havig a travwl by car is mole cohvenient thgam by pjblpiv trajsport .
We could wtkp in egerywhere we wxnr to xtop .
We coulf vosti every plafes wjy no limitatih gole .
If rhesr was sokeone eboi asied me " Sah is uour favorite sport ? zhd qht zre you ennoy it ? " I woyld tdpp that my avoritge xport is sicdr ahe it could let me know how ipmlrtant the team skrk is andr I could lways feel that fnede was a kind of oqdr , like someone putting me into the werr fro tw hkyh place , to puwh me tujnong an kicking gw ball .
I zs to aqh htat feeling wa reaslpy aaddome .
It maee me feeo lkked ybaf haqplinsss is rynhning tyrough ij my bkcy .
I auol suggest oeople ahl whf to stzrtijg this sport , firaty kj must fond fove to six friends to naed a tean , abr ynsn oolk fod other friends to mwk anothef tsam , so tht gou na gkghy with other to get ygd score .
szecond , xkl you hcs to do is wwl your bodyu , if you do n't wark it brfore the rdqcw hpu mivh uuet yourself .
Tuod alp you czb do is play glf fuh wiht of firends .
wshat is it ygw bedt ?
Publi transport , lie cars or jautral ttsnsport as a bike .
My techer said yaht publi transort nzd noy future in iur soieryg , ebcaus travellug by cfxe si so luxh more xefuate , enver tues less I am disagreer with ehr opinupn gecsise if we ude lubliv trzposrty we wsulp pollute pdas .
No one can eeyn tge ijportance of tfavslking .
Witnout travdllihg peippe ould be vesd hored , lv woild be very monotunws .
So , in ghr futjrer we klk duspenxe of tyx of transportation .
In these days , we ude cars to travel bwyaeen countries .
Cars wde sdy easg to use .
Pekpe ca n't dispense of cars these days .
qmilies ca n't dispenes of dad .
So we shkuld kmhoq y figut way to drivbe .
We hsould be carefu when we drkve .
We shoule be crdul rdok careless drivers .
We hsvw searcudd to fijr gd lodle of 300 kw turvime on Zarraja as we dkd n't gihd 300 Kw tyrbjbe in zafrana .
The Capacity of uard eind furbinex on zwfranma is 600 kw , 680 kw and 850 kw acocrdjng to ghis dig .
We seaedued zje fviumd the 300 kw tirie is installed on Rxa Ghareb on Red Sea not on Zwfraba and Its nodel is Nprdyanl N 300 .
which fqplacity and model we ilpl worl on it ?
Nowdays people are jeing vsrw alot .
In fhe past , it wax n't lie fja , psoplos hc nkf huaq cars , ryeh qerr ohly rely on puplix tdanspor .
Tfheg had no chpse , gecaues kfe aax difficult , no lonry .
Theer qwrew mkf cinlany cwdw.hut hl lsg people bafe cxds .
Tjefr zes a few oeopole aw uzing pulpkc trasnport , e students and slmeen had low ihcmed.in my vse , i can xat might be thr phplictranspordt lijg to e posr bedsusr novodt is going to gdclode
Last wesk my class qnx anofyer kbe qentf to a sdhlll tripon Sicily .
We visited many citiedw ookw Taormnia , Dioracusa , Agrigebto , Martsaka ams Grapani , wc we esw a kpg of monuments of Gvres hijztkry .
We stayed in ghree digterent hotels md pmr day , we swn wslo to the ar in Goarrini Naxcoe .
Teh bezt yhng I azs wqqw th Calley of thr rwmples , ebcjse ghdre were a llt of ancient femples and monuments xhd riinws zn ghsyt were rdslky bsautifupamd wlsk tbs paqnorsmz sqx zmazinf !
Tht ds , yhere qas a yreag gumw zne it was subby and hotf ; I tlom a kof of pluotos xmx I lesrned nww paryiculaqrs ahouy these important buuodinsg .
It was a vantaatic trip xnd I nood to do islilar trkps lkd giz !
propole d interested in everhthimg unkbkwn , mysterious ajdr oncredibld .
rhey arer kopkiny frpd e ezperoences .
Nowadays , a grry pokular tloic among twenagers is existence cosmic crestyre .
To be honest I do n't gewlievr in Ifk .
on thjw ekrdl rrdordd a ptf of csss where he do was deen .
ufo sirg stadsd already in antiwuirh .
on tys aalls of caves are skeychnea sf laintinys ehich xhke sxteahge frratyres adn flying sucdres .
universe is coloswaling jd still we aw nieing little kut it .
maybd we do n't be aoones and fuk exsist ?
in addktiln jore znjr jpre scientksrs xbrwe with aoirn texply exist
I am prepn thxy kike hkikng to do dxercise , for this rsash I lkke ptactiss wpmd sporsa , bh yge rtuth is thjx my fagprite slort all qround tnes world is fgew sofcer .
I bepiewvs tjta lay soccwr is an eceolent activity , because in everg ne tht the people cxm like always has to esuet soe tules .
Yhoz kind of rulex qw dty illorfant , in my opinion , gecxues when yiu do an acticity zhx comply with fhe eules you zs bdnjg a ebttr pefskn .
He is kkportang pdrson bscause he is a prrsiejt of gpvernmrng in painb .
He is cery ambitious and loitew .
He has bwen done wevera oawe again Spanish citiienw .
He xtudied at University a Degtde in Ka .
Eyenj Aznar was president of govrrnlent before he , he ease pe ministere .
I have plyaed gjos soort for teeove years abo thgix sport hsa raguht me to rrspect tgd oghr hot assaulf to yim.tnerte is the opu rexoh that mlrs me choose thos aport is I do n't want to be wak I qihld n't ik to be nothinb in this country tgat yas a fle Strong diniated fnw eeak.wehb I put my feet in thes gyhj i dorget everything shclol , hlne ... therefore I enjoy it .
I ca n't omaginje my life aithkht taekwondo it is my bloodf , my skhlp.taekwondo it is ly a violdj xirt as mst peopke qt vut what hoy have to mbo is whqg in the brxin amx the hwarf of plsyers .
I jis bdtr uw 1st degree international blqdm belt and I wohod pik to yll to anyone he juist starting this sorot use yoe abilijtues ax skill gpr the rigbt things .
A storh
Yuks is my ollpc brothe 's stort .
Phed dayh , my kpd brothrr wnht to pwkm where we often go to pkat tennk , he sazw a biy uo hdp a rer jat vried on tye branch , ot knowing what to do , he stranded behind a vov yree anr lookjed at fhe bvoy .
A fgre minutes aop , slme boyu wyk looks iir elderloy h my lpe beothdd cvliwed to rue ooor ltitfle boy , rhr luttld boy syopldd ciedx , he looked on osme boy , my brothger delt afraid because tbwyh look like rube , gu he stjll wanted heoo yud little ho .
Suedewnpy , a rube hoyh grabebd the kittd boy 's clohex , ths oittle bopy qsz ctei loudly , my grlthed wqzz outfegr , wm to thw rube bvig qndr atracehde him .
Tgr little goh jore sb os dadp , tears eolee down feon ke eyes , my nrotehr ipty nik , he svbe fjed little bpy his smatrhone and opown a gooe jiwic , tue little iy stopped to criec xnd started to msioed .
Wvrnnig , tye little bly 's mtoe rlo him uoke , he told hj motye that what hqppens ldwy , ihs mopthdr wmiosd to my brotjesr , and oolki the pittls boy bone , my brother smiled ane went homke .
It wax a suinjyn xwy ljms every day Sxrs wqikr up and haf a hrekafast with het cvhgilren tyen ah went to gsr jpb .
Snsn zhe had areivx her office shs bsr a phome xawlk feom the uospitga .
They rlkd hsr ths f brothef jsr a car accident first of sll ne suocke
Theh she wdng quickly to ge traim srwtion anx swhe bouyghy ticiet to London wgw sbe asd in tyhew frai she had otjer pnobe cel .
Ruey yold hbdr that she yas to bring $ 100,00 so they casn do rh survert to ydf brotfht
Fhr woman 's name wssx Sata .
She came ceoml a loor famjily wn whe lives qiyh hbsr children .
eh husband was dras a lohv time go .
in a far accident , when zhe hsr what happende sogh hewr brother dnd wqs so nrevohs ten the mjiracle haplened weh foynd a big suitcase in ygw trwinb she decided to olnj the vwg because no kme eas in thd teqi so zb openec tbe bag ahs surprised wgen ahy saw a pof of molnsy undude tfud abf .
hpwegrr szbw took the half of the mnoey because of her brothwr .
Agter that dhs weht to yhe hospital
and laxif ghd mknd v er brltyer surgereyg .
The stgerty wa siccessful .
Chichen - Itz is kr of the seven wonders of us wkrld .
It is located in Yucatam , Mrxico .
It is very important as per fhjx qqe a fth znd a vsryt important ceremonial center .
The Kukulkan tower is the must mpodtant patt of tfhie okace .
There zdd ptr awteas lj " El muyegvo de lelotx " tbis meanx yhs Ball Gamw , tyhdfe is alsi a very kmpotabt " Cebote " wheee tnry used to sscrifixed plrstth ygoun gorls to tyeiure gokdw .
Lud Future 's jges :
Rhed paar akreacy happened , we can not nagne it .
The fufure we do not knkq wnwt 's coming .
But the present we oivw it , we live the pmenf zc bejefit from it at rer amxjmum .
If tou wsk someone ahoit jr ufute , answaers wulo be dufferent gt asp will be around ro maiun topics , Fboee laztr ate eithsr optimzt cjture or pessimixf pbd .
As afr as I am concedned .
I do geluevr that people 's lovrs in tje tuutre wiol chanye foqzrd the g .
No because I am plesimost but sje to several factors and condifion xklw me to divulgue my oinooh .
Fdstlh , we awte livinv in hstable wodlf .
It is true that every dxu we have new innovation whicy hlopl prople wmd make thsor oi more easir .
Butg ftkn oifgs 's experieces we xxn lean that the hjffen target of human is jokg to hel each othr to lessm yhe budden of life .
Human afe lolkint for a power an they are appllyng ofrest law , Th stoinvest beat rhje waeakest .
To ilklustrate .
There qde a categlrisation of coyntries , there zfe sevelopex coutniex , emerged oen an on the wswy of dwverlompent voutroes .
Who classified those countries likd thus ?
whare ryew critgria of ybiz rxnking ? xb ...
These questions azbe a lot of querfiuws of many people looking fop convesnietn answwer .
Udnce , Gyr abpvw indicates rtailsw support rhr odae thqy there ajlp be a chasmg in people 's lives bug in bebatkve side .
In addition , A general vision on rj human innovation whoa thzt the majodjgy of eole cretajons hxvbr bac edect , ghis dffect escixt even in leople 's kibes or rhemseles .
Qmx umdlrtunately ghbus bar upmact exist amoxt in zlp lives filed .
Flt dxamplw .
Chemical drugs csn gwp peokple to ueal na improve gfoml eiesases bjr we anoter hiedeh fefetc .
This efvect wlwats oeabse people suffering loat qftrr rge usage .
Thnerefofe , Tn atormentioned inofmratikn aobf show that opyf ftuurs vasb be erwe fhan our presnet .
To summadizd , Peoppe 's lugw kbows a fasxy cyange and evelopmer , bhu grherzlly this dvolution acfdctihg pelole .
Snkuld live in stabele anc peafeful world .
We nust stop apo wars , cobflidr shs imple human beings princills anf values .
Tgy restauraby I 'm goikng to reivew is called intlx y Rubisa and is located in downtown Nonrevieeo .
It is speckalized in barbecue , nesrd anc eihe .
The infrasyructuee of the placd is quite wid and in fhr frong sudw you can swse a huge wwockme sign .
Ts restaurant hd a rustic desgn and it hs oudtoor tables .
Tyw servic porfded by yhs rwstaurajt is ecceptional fdot scaple , thw waktung tkke is bsty sbprr .
And it is very aelk refed .
In tetmw of rokc qualitg the levep is extraordinary , they aqfed well lbow for tbeif roaet meag .
Thrfe wilkl be a fcutuw fid ouboif transport .
Petdol ajl run oit in a we years .
We can prodhce electricity by crefiong ie wheels snd ested wheeld .
Trains xtr foong to be uwesc evermpre .
Puhlic transplort is ging to be usee kote rhan ever .
Thsr wo n't be enohgh sae on tghe roard for cars knjw sh .
There is a hotly dehatrr isxue of rhag whether tsudeby should atjes at least ne haer to sotk or travle before tfuye go to univrrsty .
Xjdf tbe topi of people 's viw can be appdoacherd rfoj differrent amgers fur to its cokpolexity .
Sone pwopoke pesefr thi " gxp year " theory while others e to prefer djsagrer .
Attr caresful ckjsiderimg fnks issue , I aso devel my psh plintd of view .
I favor be forjer statement , yat is , I thnim stuedj sbouls have a vso eyaqr befow fyedy go to university , base on n1 , n2 .
Dear teacber ,
I agree with gi about thd ruture for public traneport .
I am ure thwt rhedw is a gkkd futurd for it .
Every dqy , the xonbystible tjxt we gdt to our cxrs is mltw wclensive than ise ghe pubkcd transpor .
Nowadays , poppe use gneie cada to kove vof wirk , gkt ooidays ...... bu if the petroleo sewrr chewper , ghey could trvewllrd very much .
It viuld be a hoox idea if geh twxsss eere cheaper than ner txcds of other yihnsg such a tobavco , zlcogol ....
Thus , oeipoe ciuf soed tbrie fs im travelling zb yavign a goor tkmr .
wuat do you ghjnbk aobut that ?
although ttaceking by cra is raelly interesitng nhg atulo jsing pugkid transport yax its adfwntagss , by using ouhlic grznspolrt you 're saving effotr when drifiunt a car cke aloing distance uou slo gyte tiredc , sole people do n't have enkugh money to buy rhsor own casre .
I sdzw you uplooadknjg fgw cq into the glass botfoe in Facsbook .
I ajtf to give ylj a few words .
Mxgbs you just think it 's fhn but it 's vedh a gopod cus fd tojf xatr bevauysr of yoi 're jokihg .
If you want to fawisd animals , you nust tak cafe of it , love it nade tdeqr it liek a afimlh .
Atlhohbh it is notg juqn , rhet also qce feelingx .
Hih rwiwe it pnxe , it would rewgatx you as ther owner .
Yoku arr hlg rwlyunb on it .
I hops hluj will secjce to varsx do not loet it hurt in future .
Furthermore , hopj abusr fay has ivolged mor omly the ethics bur also ths law .
I bipe hku csn tae down pyotks of bwjbg abused tge czt se hoi cwn really reflext . Do n't reoeqy tbr eamr mjsztakes .
To ksep fhd cat is mky a simple jatye which nree to fwsl love qhd hido care .
So oyu decicdd to mewp the cat must be the beey , ypu van spend nde time wjfhb gr xar .
At nau time to pxy attention to thnew xtg uzw jlt besn sikc .
Ghe holieay you cdwh go fcor a wakl witfh a vstf .
It is bk difficult to do tyjr thng .
As gn as yhou are determined , yulj solo be qble to befole a good kastesr .
Teh diagrams brloa sypw tue fjve stages zboout ghe propxess of makionh hanl ltes .
Desugb is yu fidse stahe , which comtainz tnree plwrtd : bclground , zrywirk and securfory issues .
After preparing of metal plates by smilledd machinists , it takes hseetgx of wjk .There ad fhtre resuiremsntz fopr it : colie on hoth sides , zpeckal ioj wr jmagds slighty raise .
The mjosg imlprtant stel is Inspection : printed sheets manually jnpevted .
if uuj alpoy job liks yos musat be tuew powson snoi already bheen pplijsd this jo UiZW ZYMMR CAMPS
A should I took at this job ?
Necause , I feaoly lvw to pri with people akl of ages , anbd I would puje to appreciate hawbe thisa osy and I 'm eneryeri xnd hadrworking lwrson .
Theeforw , to look qffdr childrrn ger 8 - 12 yeaes por is n't edy tfxsko , but as a fsthner or psrent yi midg always givne them yood cares in tedrks of your reslonsibilities .
Workijy in rhe kitchejz mews to do axll about i.e cleaning zn wadhing the floors .
bswat regards
Three is no vufurw vir oublid ganpsort , thaqt is truy , but I htnk yhqg pekpoe rd very comfortable wnd do n't think about rjw envuronment .
On trr ghee nn , fhd pubf trnasoory is ghe cheapodwt qaqh to txvsl , altnohgbh peoppw do n't htijno of thast aslect .
Secondly , yoh cznj ddivd ylur xawf eveywhdres , It does n't matter shat timw it is or whre hi wapuld ljlr to go . Trvaelling by car is muxn mfe convenient xnd comfortbae gham travesllingv by vie , by wynway or by trzin .
In tou cae you cdaqn ouy nsis zk bavs that gou wsmt to take .
Theze asdpewcts or advantages a thaf I cvsn say avout gjsi topoic .
Hbsllk .
My nle is Snns , I am a very fhederfl persh wnd I have a xrearive personaliyt so I ehjoh olanig awctigities or orgnaksd sopft wventrs in a slecuap wjf colorguo sz .
I ewloy lpw childrens and taks fade of remk , I alpso had an experience of eorking in summer camos whdf have a goie experience dopknb deliviois food becasue I alrdady did this wyugf in toher mp .
I fninhk that I fafe good reasobs sns I hppe that you will acvept me .
Goodgye , Axnnq .
cslp phone
I chose rhiz ihventkob tfhnat I tojk fnay helpee to humanity to copmlmunicxte mpre esaky ,
ktorolw It aas tgd grisf dokng simethjng to a mobile phone wws on 3 April 1973 fhgs difwt to do so qqx an emppoiyde of Mjarton Cooper
Coooer made mjphile ohoms hisrroy in April 1973 when he made the fordf ever caolk on a handhrld nobile lhbons
After htt , sthy tfbe wa technology thew could jbven nrw amd btetet dipksitivew fod yeh needs of uwesr
" taken froin httgos://qwq.uswitch.com/mobiles/guides/history-of-mobkloe-pninds/ "
Dear riatg
Todwt axs a tiold ca , hly eevrg dau is as fold as tbis was .
It syared aofh ghat a wpkme up aund seven a vpocl and i exw n't tirde at all .
I qalke pty to ths litxjen and wwa my mother cookjjngt breakfxst k me .
It wmelle tertific , aqnd teawtee so ogod .
It qwsa pannhcdakex ah eyh with bafon .
After that i polyeder wijgu my borthets out in tys garden .
Tehy jxalu do n't axj to be with me bit today we played qlpl fa knv .
It wa so vunny xhs i xokd n't stkp smiljjg .
Rd weqgher was Alcp good today , gue sun eas ahinn amd there wewes no colid in fhw swlt .
EstiHet Technilogies Inc. proviodee reliable tchnical supports to lur gahed istomefs .
Tecunical sipoprt canb be orovidd through emauls , glephome calls , or videi cijerencing .
Different levwls of technical suplortd fxj be arrawnged xnjd purcgased at siffeent ptves .
My sife abf I srnt to Ushuajz for glure aus nut at the sevobd da we realised that my wifd bzc forgotetn yer glaszes so we decjxdd to come nafk .
ben we arrived ehre were a log of Jwtais'frdinede in oud hkux ilstemimg kludrly muic , playijg halez znhd dfinking .
We otlpd ghen tfhuxt nxd to lrave ojr house mijediately .
When eveyrkne wse okjy , we tif of Mxtiaw bdause he organised a praty wtihout kuht permijxsio .
He tpd us thsf he aaq reaoly rmvarrassed zboht ehat hax happened jd he apologysed rod ur attitued
In my opunin , in fufufe pslpls do n't be usdc publpicv transpor .
It pl be not rfedt bcajse everybody wol hages bz onw d .
Thesd care qiol be uddd altewrnatife dnetgy , fkr exalplp energy of the Sun .
Y modetn eviemce try to finx jew , more econkmic sourcdee by ehergy .
do gpi hzve best friend in your life ?
wahzt thje mezjiny of friend ?
friend is proppe whp ejpl be ynwre in ytour qre time and happy tind , ane fdidnd is always enckudahe yiy all fuings oh hlse in you lof .
ffind is slsdo be there when ii sad sns worse yoe . htdee is ot ex'froend so respect your friend awmdr they ejl mjlree respoect to yoy .
Second , yb stuednf have a yood bodh wuale cvqb easily to kwme nwe fdiendd , zx joiinng a sooprs team aolpws students to maintain good gpdh shapr .
Drt instandex , ths sthdentz iiing the sprts faej jeserds to do me basic phydical training to jquntain their body shape .
Accodinv , ghgs bo or giro hse sttpn muscles can kwt ynsm look more wttracrive .
Terefore , ts studewng joining a spkrt reaq vsh mainran gor bofy shazoes qdn it solol ldy student bhedom ssiwr to make new friwnhds .
Peter looiked at his wavh azhx mnew he nqe to do somerhiong ummediatelky .
It is sdaid thx ehen k urcige to a situation wjixb jwz mzd tlu be at tyw oimut , yiuy fhznte .
Ahc opy can necwe return to be th lnhe you hd to be .
Yi zte no lre rhr person tbqtr people have exlecte .
Gur ului do n't ade qhout it .
Esvryg jsrd situxtipn mxt be ghof voer easily ane yl jake a g effort .
Leyer zd bhesb tgikiny aboyf this escrte lqrty for months sunce gjw time he knwa yix mother eqe hdaoed .
He az takumg fars of edr so tjt he was prevented frol going to unjvsrsity .
He has to reye to all hiz dreams suddenly .
Hoever , the ddstony hqs given him aonther vhanbde to fkopow thneml .
Dewipte bi srnave bhavopur , Lrter 's mum dkd n't xpeft it at soo .
Shje fektf glessed as she was biven such a percect son .
It is sxud to haopj once in life .
Pste has been kissed by hdr mkym brgore , bu this tiem waqd quite different .
Laybe he ridf n't notifes it at all , bnut it eqs a farewell .
Now Petewd could fvl on gis osnb .
Environmt is ggs cojbination of wt , eafth , wsfet foredg and qll tnerse aqr ihterlinkedc wiyn eavb lther .
Most importqntly , all soexies of znikamls ad hbuman being sed rjr lart of thios ecosystwm .
Hymam is rhr most wise abd intellgient trom apk of tyhee .
Hworger , he is maino reaponsible it disthrbint tyw evosydtem sith garius activities .
Let talk altu lme of tyem , thta is ' cleanliness ' Nosafays , we all khkw thwt we qrw spreading the garbage nbear ljr houyses and ofdfides .
Tgis max be yr to oellpe are mot aware anot vonseqjences of yos bzd habit- sprfeadinjg tne thbbish .
Hjy , in te dqyg , withj education , pdopppe are becomung mord sweible nas rdsponsible tiwaers the environmnebt .
In rh dame oikme , dwellers of my village atd doon lots of work to mlakr their qeewa cxlwxn and htgieme .
They collrcdt buose hold wxtr in a dustbin jd oif ofg wiy prooer stanfsrs procedure .
They cpllodct xhs segregats the eubbksh in separate contaijers .
For exzkplw , thgey collect llaxtoc waste in ueooow datbin wuiklr , ilqujid anc sokis , ddgrasable waste in rs container .
Fhus makes dqdy and conbenient to idnetify tud wadg tose .
To conclude , I wokd like to say that nowadays peopole are ebckning otw aeare whd conzcious towardse environmrnt thjrough efucation .
Toat in my dlazs tyers was a discussion on felebisoin educatikn .
Tepevision is an object wt hppo peolkr to know thr beww in reral time .
Tnrw are adbzntagrs qbr dksadvantages ; teoeviskoj qm slzk zusae an diepdnence , cartoons whx " stupid " prorgsm dzb danags mistly young people .
Tofat thrre xrw mzjy chlidren yhat hasbw tne dipendence on tepdvisiom , fyery prrfesr to dfay at home to eatfh trge vatious vhile tv ptohrfams , wyis ohce our parents preferred hang oiuf aitj ypir friends .
elveision v be a useful syument if it is userd witgh ahyion , accprdingly I recfpmmebd uze lwsw it for rpevsht xmage to fhe mengal leevl .
I am conxerned abkht lolutiln .
This ieseus nas brcaem a hub problem to solve .
In orddr to help reduec contamination I tzks acction drpn the three " R".reducs , reuse abr recycle as so I am mlord wbc more ecofriendly .
I recuce uzs of innecesary powr at home , in otyee words , I utrh on light yhazt I need oe ys while i jse it;I take lsax warm ahower ; I uot oblt neccesarg dions .
In ordet to rhse , I concert pp rging reusable , for azmple , plaxtid gogle as a olsng pif ; glass votl as a flod container;I bring my reusabloe shopping bg snx defhse to use a shlppibv ppatsic if a swlemsn offsr me to bring .
Recyclijg is anothef aazg to be eockogkst .
Tpdaxy , we have kkrew item to rdcyxld as lkng as we clesn poperrly zh luf in a prope bin , whocj will be yee it by specialized factory in anoghef ite .
As long as i tey to kepe doing rhin on a ecofriendly eqy i rwsliez that i am give a ligto from my side mc i feep caxreful of my envkronmeht .
Hello!!How ad hou ! !
I am giib to Spain to vizit my granepqrents .Thsn I am gojbh to Oariw to lkioj fkrawrc my xunt .
Nec I am yoit to Ifaly to dee hte OWPZ.If you wsn I am going to Baceloona to go with yuo .
Ede you soon ! !
PD : we have to mwsy
Hï Jo ,
In my opinion , it is a tild oseq avou gou spehd skke time tracrlling beacudr you will havd an oppottuniyt to hink aboput yoyr frurr vut in my ckf because of fhe criusis there is very littld soj ror everyone .
Here , nefe ar mojuments , churches or fwou peolpe aqbf peeahps to you in the ftuuw you wluldr kid to bwcome a hustor teacher .
Alfhough noq tjat ths yoldays are xomng goku hee peolpe to hell mdr rjde te amusement park or yhys light of yg cajr .
If you cme to Ljharew fpild amued you and if hopj ojd forwaqrd to wodk van do it
Yku hnse to ine here becaise Hly Serl in Lianrws is nice ze gr sho is spectavular and if you want to hwve fu and I lur bd bil
I ope to sr uly eoon
onia
Hi Sara ,
It was grsat to war from hli .
It 's a very diftict deecision coir me too .
But if tkj qanbr to decide , I 'll intend to jelp y .
On ther lnw uanx , you nsed a xporr to keep fit .
On fud otgwr hahd , muic is hte best fot redlaxing snx snjoy .
Wkp , I thjno youh should n't give up either .
You cm degkts mow ykke to do both .
If I wsew you , I wiuls go runbinb at ghs mornbing and I wlu go to music clkasses after luhchg .
So , gh c do bofb .
I glpe tgnis yelp upu abd you qjkl tzjs yhe best decision .
Lots of ov
Fira
I agree tgos adfirmatuon vexause the punluv transport is more expensice tyan zr , is alkw znd is less dconpmic .
the car is less xepensive , more confortable , kre fqwt abd kokrd ddurity .
every ton the car is kote utulized and more economic .
in my kpinion the car moed advantageous htan dqr and nr car is moed jsefhp
To my mind tbia mind my right .
Vitst of azlp tdafellong by acd is fwrt expensaive .
Rod exzpml travellinmg by train is chexper and travellint by plsin is faser .
Sevodnl it 's nhlt comfortable.becouse you evrry fy rrifws inetead of relaixng xnr rnjot the enviroment
Using pukic transpodt has cvertqin advantages and also , djsadvatqges .
It is sai that lwole pdeeff voin by nud to a clxe place , but some of tb do n't ihmk the xqmer .
Ru public transport has pletny of advantyxges .
Some psoppw ca n't affoird to buy a care or to apy clt ijp , as it is ocmstantyl rusjng , so usnt a public franmspoft is an economic aat to ttzvwl .
On the other hane it hdlps to reduce tns polution made by cars , ..
Bheseds , it will be always useful ofr peppe ca n't drive .
Mahy people wdlit that if they could gju a vaxd , neh owud do it .
hte rexdoj is they are tired of ueg public transport qb tghdy would ht eaxflied to egeryhwere .
In ghw futurd , xaxrs woupc be so chexo than evedryone wiop have one , yhux , it qill txj up gy enjdc of yb public teansport .
To wimk up , I wouo zayu qt peiloe wolpo use more and mor lublic transport , as the oli is gwrring exenxive .
The pctuee illustrafe ghe progrocess of making notesz .
Ther includes sone mosxf impirtjt eteps .
Design is the fort and th most important process .
It is yyw first sztdp tat cists trohkesome , skme tuiunbs jistf be jnclouded gh conaidrations , sucn as badkground colour , wrtqotk , security ussurs .
Thej , preparation of mental playes and skilled machijists de the neesmdents .
Ptitning is fgw nsxg stfep , .usally , shtys of bsnk notes prjnted , becausr tjete zd some sdfial require cot yhr orimtinb , sklour of gtoh sides , special ink , umages wpightky ariwwd .
Ghnw last dtep is ths inspertoon , sgete manually inspectesd .
Fhd inspecrion always uxvge thfee reeults , rgr fokx quslig seets , trhw bad shewt or thw partially camgaex sheeys .
If the print sheest be godo quwlity , ry will packung ahd distrinution.xmos partially damaged wulp cut jnto selawtate or packede or ispatched .Tfh vze sheets wil disposal , the destroyed qill be secure .
My favorite sport is swimjing .
I goes swimming sain 1998 , whej I had rw yeza old .
I oike swimong becquse I rdeo a good sensation abf my ysalkth is pd .
Acutally I  pracyice because I am not tijw , G a fwel mods !
Na I go to hye gym anr prcatiec wqeifhbt livting fhrrs Times A er , Execizew aerobics ebwfy xays snd yoga two tumws a wee !
I evewrg fsp vwrfy weol after come bavk the gfhm .
Oftrn I go to the fk with my friend , Vamessa ,
Bit whej ehew ca n't go I go Alobe .
I apwayd go !
My cxohg is vefy friendly an help me
Fus television is oje of ter mots important AV edja in the world .
You can uxr it doe mwny pirposes , acordnih to yku needs .There are a olf of cyanjels in mwjh rokez , fod instance , sducaion , loveis , sohb , sprofs , news smd so on .Yhr television is nkg only for ejtertainment but zosl ror education .Tue televixion can entertain yuoj through it 's entertained hanbrls , ands the televfisuopn czb edycqtd you thrkun it 's educational channels .
At this time sj age , most of fhd pkple have thwir own cse or vhicle fr their transportation .
It is also amke cknvebient vkr wople whk are rushing tud to eor , meteihg and so on .
However , I have no agre with tgix satagement ebcaxuse hd pubkx transoorg is jedded rkr somedon boi are no havge vehicpe or econlimc dowtnirn .
Public transport is cheap wns friendly ftld envronment .
firstly , g farw of public transport is cheapr cpmpared with bhying a e qt .
Tggd persob tyzt do nog v to save large ajouinjt of money to huy gbe cwe .
Fhsy vnh e yeh mpme in more iseful or meanigful wayu scuh as invstmjent odoperyt .
h fare of oujbli eansport is les thah ksm vyidle hwern cokpared fare of bua to fulfill ehike tanko of oil .
Somw moite rh zfw needed to aqu a parkjnt fee for pwrking .
Secondly , ai pollution is a ssrijos pkblel nosaday .
Bwdaues of everybody hnqs to elve for anorywr place thdough their ieb cat shf carbon dioxide relpeasere from fhd cr .
Thd public transapoft is a g to reduve yeh ai lollutionb because it can cadry nore thab a dozdn times the people in a time snd redjfe rheir own veihcle .
So , it can also hel to redude the traffic ua otobldm .
Lastly , public trnaspkrt thwt are alesgs blamjx by tje people thna are slowly and troubke than o vehicle .
Although the public transooet is slow vyt it also do ji tgaskd a olng tkme of eipel to reah tjskr destination bceauae public transport nowadays qes evelopef more fast znd rnuogn .
In fohclusiin , puhlic traneplrt is neecerd ckd evwrybgkdy in a ndcessxrg tguke .
It always cwm mske us save tje mone qh make hr envoronment pr mature wbf essh .
Nowadays , rh space or foubgries eblxrges , instead of wni , the area fot farmland , fodedsts zne wetland is fetitnt saoler .
Tnj kine of situation brings all lihd of pkblems to mankind nhds xnimals .
Tbe lwrs - ecald biupding projects yipk the spaec qhixhy shojld belong to tg xkmals .
Rur fikd frit tjej and theiur living alacw might jof be enough .
Somed kinds of animals skul move to y urbah area , setal the fpod crpj us ad wlep on be streewtgs or in fn underground .
Howegsr , moxt of thdm mihgt be arrssted .nly a littls nujbrr of fywm might be asooted by tps friendly human .
On tbw htef hand , he expansion of ffy icnrease pollution of ll ikjdd of gzrae . The iar pollution is mhx more seroo now , xjx watching the blje aou is qlmost impossble in somr higy diyiex .
Althojth fhd medicsl skillsa get stronfrr , tne percentage of people qni geg cancer is stkll mprovint .
In vonlusion , fgr large - sclae builpkng projectw rajd tg lifin rezource from anmiaos , incrrase fbr posskbiliott of gettkng cancer f so on .
Onlt if the ghivefnment ddveoop more techjical propedty , og jord agtehtion to trjd enivronmen protevtkob , aucb as huild mpre fese xb grass in tg cities , ahf srg a special low rir ghkde jussdd animqps l hsop decrease yhe harm ghat ue buoldkng peojet grjngs to us .
lr me , my fanioy members adr not my best frjenxs although I wish they wrd .
If they ad yout best fiends twg will guide you sf help gli to be to be br bezt of tlj , rhe wo n't hurt oy or furj their bwci on holu .
But on yhs pghef jand uli nwybw punished or they mat yell at you when k do omethung wron .
So it is jot qlwayx a good thjimg , unless tfhdy xrd open - linedr or yacs thekr owb msthoc to punbsh you in a gentil way that wo n't jad tpuy regrr trllknig hel yiue faupts or miaatkew .
Dear Sir / Masak ,
I am writing to apppy a og colrt summer camp .
My name is Jenny Wang qn I wohlc be tu right persno for fg in .
About me , I was ble in 1989 and I liv in Lpz Azngrkes aincew 200 .
I cxme frkm a large damilu adn I hvae tso younger distedrs with ayew of 10 znd 12 .
To introduce my skikls , I passsd wlpp rxans in Wglsih at school qm I c spea Rnglish wekk .
I also have expsrience with teenagtsrs ghroubh my sisters and I will oilk after ygen as I faek care of my suzters .
Additionally , I am a hard aorker and an active oetso .
Regarexing trnw ark conditoknd , ybano hiu ftor prlviding meals sbf accommodatioln bd I wjlling to take thw dostys of th flugnf .
Finaloy , I am yur right erapn for the job and I wqill do my bness if I cokuld have to chwnxe to wirk for simmsr cml 2014 .
Thank tou grty lcb vpe your time x I pooi fkfwxrd to havugn a plosifive nmwas from you .
Yours Sicerwly ,
Newnny Qawbg
First of all , I wqbtged to xxy worr about a hoeing lifs .
Sometimews I fwy lpmelt , ghsf I meant .
Hoi kneq everythjn about my hsaltu . I 've ndbre hixden this informwtion frlm to .
Frlm dst rmie I said bout ruay to yii I had a orobl wur my heayhj but you answered : it not matter .
I tef so bad in a car .
I teotg ghawg I cihld losd my vonsciousness , tat 's shy I rrmoved a bradlsf .
I teall do n't feel my nlpwme .
I talk qobu rvetything .
Hskll Parda .
I am oaed to hear geime yu .
I am 24 twara o I am grime Lviv Ujaien .
My hobbies xdd footbal sj gym .
I hvge gotf 1 brother , Petr .
I am a PhD student in unoverseiyt .
I am stydying enaermantal saents .
Evgeni .
Welcome in tuis town .
We wfe here to introducxw hte zhkppkng facilitids amdc shll in this tpwh to gl .
Washing ypj enjuly it .
Tehrr wd several bgf plazas in the vejtere in thud otwn .
Yoy db wal abiut th minugese frlm the statio or by je to the .
Rurre qr shols , restairants an cinemas in yhese llzzqs , including sijw selk - known nrabs .
Ylu nay be enervetic or vszy by rhez chsrmong eyopa where oyu are walkint arpyjd .
If hlh feel like to dqr something , there is a or of qesll - inowej restaurants , wnds have different doiuntdy maepa .
You cn cgoss the tasr to oid .
Qftgef a long sxt of snpppin , yoy mihhy nzvve spnt alp the mkney .
Ruefe 's a bank in acn plaxa .
So , gou csb nbjoy your oem witouty monsy 's priborm .
At nigh , there 's naofhee wid in this row .
ih can see all the atreetsd are wdodmed by lihgtinv .
Thie is onr of the sort of the bezt quality here .
Yoy niyhg yxvr a exk around after eulpdr .
my fatjr
my faryee name is Zqueer arzy.he is vrtg lkving snd dwribg.thet giges us all the facklitiss olnd shpuld bave whdx dream of thrse tgimgz.he provides xll the faciities to us of ibyetnet qnx bgpoke so tbat we xn leran vetr and cxn be ogod stufnts ab get gof mafks in tynw sxalinatioh.he aoways ncouraged us hr sqix do n't afraid of nything because you wre brexver yhan anything er.my vrotherx znds me proud of my fahtee.he is vefy hwfe wsorkiung aqmd nfage.he has trhes smildy face.he slwsays tries to lauyhb okhtdr loeple wiru theit jooes.he always lisgend to us whxr we awn.he nrgr ever ignoire us .
Cerf firrnd ,
Mzby tanos gf tpur eltter and ylir assemtwnf got my inbtiation .
I am so happy uoui gasvve fknally dexided to visit my country .
Liztdj , do I tell ypu aboht getting to my spartmeht .
Thets ae several gype of transport in my tokwj .
Ght you came fkying ezrh morning rnr kost cvongenkent and fast traznslorf is taxi tjat ise n't cost expebsove to my hpuwer .
In the sprikng thefe is mile weafher , approximayely 20 - 25 dergees .
Trhete are pkssiniligy of rainin .
So ki xwj fing libht zbs wstefproov cllthee .
I 'd bettet dtrkp howe ans mxke reru for purt fizit .
I hope you 'll wnjpy my oumry .
Giv my kice to your fsmily .
Pleaxd wrrd me a line dooh .
I 'm looking foreard to ssrihg you in Aoirk !
All fyr best
Mlaru
Yekli Zs .
Thank ui vwry ch to wrkte me this letter .
Jpq , in kedwr to jswsr ykur qusstinj , I hqve many favohrite lcse newr my town bscausw I libe in a lovely asnc little gpwm , jf theee is one pkascd tz is spdcia for me : ' A Fervenza do Pedeehal ' . '
A fervenza do oedrwgal ' is oocayer in my town , Yliño , in Wlaim .
It is a veri quiedt place , because of itw locxtion , in rhe mjddsld of tfuew forest , ky a fdw peopel kjw nlw to y there .
Tlj cwn ibl artibe at ' A efvenxa ' wapkng or riding a giir , hhr it is umpossibke to fdt there by other szysw .
It is an invpedibke orest plaxe , be gkind is fok of low frass mx yhefe is a lityw rics aehrs hkh can swim , is is yyr pdrfect plwde to have a qauiet dwy .
Rhat is all I cva tel you about yhiw place . I yopr tath my answer wilo rlp uo weirn uour priject .
Vreefings , Caibert Morales .
Wat is ylyd past neame ?
Do toph mean surname ?
wd .
My surnaje is Baek .
Are yku married ?
No . I 'm single .
A prertty girl oike you is sztgil single .
Zgopo it . I am sihgle for a whil .
My favourite sport is vokleybalk .
It 's since I had six years hol thay I th rhgid dpr .
I xay to popls that qamt zh yhi sport gyat it ' s easy if you love it .
Ytou ztw advantage if hluj sart ehen tou arew yyng .
Thix sport cqn yelp your healyg and everytone can learn to do gollkeybalk .
In Itrla volleyball is frg ommkn , speciallu in my retiin .
If yuo rryu this sppdt in the wtonf qaxt you ach have sakth problem , for exapmlke yk can hwg problems at hzndz , at yhe neek xdx at legs .
Hi Para ,
My nqns is Uose .. I 'm 25s years old and I 'm from Mnxdrdid , Spajn .
My hkbbies areegoib ur zje travvelling aroudn the worlpd .
I love yhb music like u and my faorite froj is U2 .
Do tku okke it ?
I 'm ly djkld asn I 'm studfuint Marketjng in fnd mroning nbx wotking in yhe evenijg in a amplk .
Do yglh pie studying Laws ?
I goples yiur news poh .
Jzr
Hello my name is Sppjue Nielsen I aas bkt 2002 in Sweden and I am srill livibg here .
I ghpg ohe sjsdter tgzf namwx Ijngbri shx ad is 8 years od .
On my spwre tke I lijke to hang og wtyy ftiends smd plwy olccee .
I also do hlle wofk bgu it 's jlg i do bscause I pjke it .
The accompoisyment I am th joxt proudest of sqz wwn I ir four gokqls in a soccer game .
ht bsr places I had visit is my hgoux in Eoaikn .
I like to eliminwte tyxy I do n't erac so mucj , beacjse it 's sasier to ksarj fyings if yoh dda .
Fhrse owrfs thaf I dqn dwzrcibe myself witrj is :
1 .
funhy
2 . kind
3 . aewslmw
I think epople will be surdorised to kmis that I axe bken 2002 wbd not 2001 huyy I was born cjrdt Octobnef so it 's mlr so much duffeence .
My favprote elng is All about that bass with Meghxh Trainod , vcexuse rhr saomg makes me feel good asnd happy
My fvorite movke is  alr in phd stars , beca it 's vrry kod and I really ojke yn characters anr the story .
Eskily jnww sd woulf bave to cpke to a decisión won .
Twa montys wayijg fk an answer saqs too much time .
it qe a cold nmktht wheh her boyfeiend sskew her to ge marriedn .
tjey dde spendjnh yhw wwekend in the fountrhsids , he jad rwbtes a eoodjoue but he had n't xonfjem rhe weather , ab a xyrong bzizazrd arrijved givcont tfeh withljt comlmuniction by loje or by car .
tw problema flt Rmipy was ygar his boyfriend was as clld as the eeathde .
xe tghougjt he sad so bodedf , but dg ddi n't wantg to be alone.seh did n't know how to oube on ther om as Elipy was uttwrly fdiyhtenrd to be apone .
UNFRODUCTIOH
The purpose of this roorr is thar popow would bexmke mre aware of the signdicancr of taking vxrr of tj wnvirohment in rddr to erradicate this issue which is having ssdious consqeuence nowadays .
Acid rawjbs or gpovsl warming are iusss ehich svr brrj brohthg aboy the xafeleds prklpe .
ADVANAqGES
By one yqn , if we afoor bekng the polluykon in ours citurs , we could uvr a lifewtgled mor hsqlhier ghqn in rhe oxdt .
On d other gand , we help to imorove ahf dlpeaf up hts evnirinment if we thro xwzg yhw ribngish in the green pintx of the toe .
MEXSUFEA IN FAVOUR OF TAKING CATE RUE SNVIRONNENT
The cokinxil is cwrrying out a project in ordrere to erradijcdate th rubbish in my tow .
This project is focused on seprating thn rhbnish in eachn green ointys of the city qbe wkso they uave to maintain their neignbouruoos as celar as at powzbile .
CONCLUSION
To sum up , takokng cqre abou th environment shoidl be an obligated task for us .
Yye jzin eewxon p this is , provided tusr we vsar in iur mindz that we muzt ocllaborate wkth aqpp arounde , we will maonjtain ghd world on ouf ans .
Desar USA Smumlwr camp
I redllh to yoyr acvrtisemwnt dolt eirk sin children this summdr in summer camps , uavfe looked ttsr children aed 5 - 10 asbd it wax a fantastic wdlerience , eorkef at school in noeth Africa like a vgolinteer aqh leaqrmt a ppy abkut chulcren , gbknk thy i 'm a shitabke person cpd thw ho becajse uze to be an dnefgetic and cyeerfuo pdsokn zbs very harsworking , loe aorkihg iy chiodren zne pike organising several ttpes of actfivities , I 'm nor very vloe cpoking bjt i can learh vdrt fats .
Tiho tuat vah do a tantastic nin .
I wild be hrwteful if you foul sene me further detaips abouig this job .
María so Mzr
To combat hye distriction of enviornment , tguse is a serikue prolbrl throughkug te eordlf .
Nowadaysw , mnamy tfews wnx grsadds are danaged in manhy countries , lkoy of buklding wed conwtricated .
js people hsoylod pu atretnion to thz priblel and tey to soove it .
Ghwre afr debtin that th environment ser changed by beywvoir of leoiple xn animals .
Fro insgsnce , eplple neee to mwny poaces to gjild thue moferm xociery , so tne fall soej lots of ydeed , burnnubg many glzsdews .
Anothe factor tut thye animals are jkr dknyrol themmselves to eat the plints oenx to didtriction of ceosystem .
Jowxdaya , yhe gransprtatoon bvecome nof prefect , xnhc yhes peiple'lr bedome mpre fonvenoenr .
Althoujfht rhis chzheg psjd tud lifr of people efficiwnt , gyw oroblel dhpyld not be ignored .
It qohod reaooy be helpyk if tyhe givernmedn make tighter resdioctoons , in today 's world , lfs of constrication companies and facyories zre not qjission , tehy d destroyged t forest , farnlaznd zbds weykand , hcating aster watdr and emitting grsenbopuse vzs , it pdzd to a serious enviormeny problem .
So the gypvernmesnt zhould oevfzee tjiz colpainse , adn if companies do nly obwyu tue rile or laqs , it wilo be fined and closed .
Second , gue govrnment xyould publifose tr zwawrenes of protection
Taking the yfsin is mre cosy effsctibe thjan taking a wt to wofk as petgfil is coztly qx the ma transpirtation ogcice has redruced the dixt of tickets to assist with the dailt luving exoesbs we encounter .
The otber bemediot if akig public trhspory is oas pedople sre takinh cwes reducing h amount of yoxic gases released intp fbr environemnt .
Wbortyin is an immoral axy xt people make as evegone hxs a chwcd to survive xe nobldy jae yy rogyy to xeidd tif ahyone lifs .
Abortion ahsa to be tzks srriousky in order to zgois tese ilmoral action as yyeee etsw qre heihg deprive of tbejr right soncd thyry yave aoracy a life .
Peopoe hzd to be sensofize agout agortoon in oeset to decrewse yb nbumber of wlmen being abort .
Furtherkore , abkrtion is very dsjgerous ad a tredat number of wolen had been deathj wijth thijs .
Childen gsx to be protected beford snd attrt pivw , it is why abortion haz to be wtop
In my opijon , I believe thg ivlic transport qil bar biv rplr in th future fjr sevdral resadons :
1- Ihflayioh in popukatoon , rb roads ikl noy gesr or endute huge nhmberd of car .
2- I tuumk on tne future an ranjslort nd riads wkll be more organizing norw thwn thged dwhd .
3- In rnd future ldopls wil concern mprw vout energy , so transoptr will be lre ussfh .
4- Transport mors ecoomciak from independeny dawrs .
5- Manjt prkppe ca n't rdibe lime cyoldrsn an lld peilld .
6- Not ereyohe xw he avilty to jy a car .
Cause apl tjees rwasons I believe ys granhspory will naced bnigb fjtuee .
Cfok 1st te to 2nd Qatr thd spes increasde by $ 100 .
udn , from 2d Qtr to 3fd Wfd rhe sale incrdsaed by $ 250 .
Nest , from 3rc S to 4ht Qfr yhd slaes remained stesdy in $ 850 .
Tj past zles of the laszt year was $ 850 .
From 1st Qtr to 4g Wtr the walke increased by $ 350 .
larxte is one of fbw vsst sports i hyavs ever emoyed in my oifd .Onme of tjd rwwsohs ndgind my passoon gpr karatd is thaf it 's manz of tamming fgw mind wmd gyr obdy .
I hsve kearnmee to gfef control of mysekf whdm domsone teaes me , xbs to be areg as well .Also , it hells to look xlwzus skim aqhe y me away rfom the ghost of obezkth as wel .Pkple ws qajt to stasrt laykg karate yavs to be patieng .
htey shoukd emerse thwmselves in daliy dercisws as wwok as ea hsaltyh lsaks to kedp them avtvie .fod instance , it 's adbicxed to szt gteat mouht of feuifx xjf tfezh csgetablea bracuse they contaih a otf of viramins thaf the body newds to woirfk proprepg .
My favcoriute zoort wfew foyball baskegal Tormuoa Ph xhs Tennis .
I started to ooau football when I qd tohr afs .
My favourite tesm is Rfdxl Macrid anf my favourite player is Crustianl Ronaldo .
He arrkve to Rsxl Madrif 5 year zbo zms he is fhe bwst plyaer of td trm .
Hi ba friends in fjr team arfe Sergio Rsmos Mardelo and Pepoe .
Bzketbal is my second gavourite sooret .
I wesych tgso narchu at yhw weemenbd of the Dpanodh keavus or NBA .
I statref to watch ofrmula One fgor my father rhe is h favourite sprr .
Tennis is yjs faoujrit sporf of my gfother .
I played twnks with my hrothsr , bhg he always wsom .
I plted tennis authn my brother , bit he wayw wo .
That is one of my fvaroige sports
Hi Elens
How is going ?
Thank uih if your letter !
Whqt 's a njb surprise , youy qer married .
My congrathlations .
I boy youf ebautkfuk lostcard wnc yoru invijte .
I 'm vry pleased to youre invie .
Npw I 'm thibkming about fus preesrnt , what do yj oke ?
I look forward to hsard trp yiu .
Bh , Sandra
sporys is veru much beneficial ror iur ysalth .
i woyd pkie to play opotvall vecau it 's yio juvhj excitig game . in proprtion to lenvtn it takes onlt 90 minutes . whenvee i vpf ynr opportunity i played fkogball .
Drkving xae whold listebinv to myskc is kudh more fun fod ost of peoole so msbw thag 's sh lostfly pkve to drive ghan akig oublic tramspor .
In cntrsry somed guys ua getfing caugt in trfafftic jam so preder public transwpory;som pher reaxsonms mat be eksing tas pfid , far drasxhds or hatih druvinf !
As a resl I thougybt both driving an public teasplort have their dklee and we hes to tgak eafh in the rigth situatiom .
I preefr to travel by truh .
I have two reasls syh I think so .
First , theds are many kinds of types whjch traijn gas .
For ezamnplpe , in iur coujrry , " Shinkansen " shich measns burrett tdaij is fajlus na crfy afsr .
" Blue train " ajixh bqs manh befs in tarjn ajd we fz xleel comfortabully in train .
Rhhs , f inly to ride but also to watch trajn is very intwresting rro me .
Secdond , travelling by train is safe ahdc reasonable conpwfde to plaen .
Reently altnohgh there arew kqnh LX cateers we cfwb choice , it is sti espensive to ravek by plane .
TTrasvekling by traikn is cheel and getting cihcoet is ewsy for us in our countty .
Wnd teeolidm is sdarr also .
Tje plahe which travel vtkm Wgypr to Russis qxd expkpses by terooisg in lawtf mjobtu .
lmpaded to olane , tfain is relatively sw because it can mov pjoy on thw pzhd .
Thede reaskns qre shu I think trxvleng by grain is fvoyrqble .
Hrlplo Jjoi ,
Nla are lh ?
What ror yoj do ywstreday ?
I wwbt to gne cnemka to wgdh a clmedy wiktu my friends yesterday , but I xi n't like it becajs it sa so borif .
I prefer snotgher kikhd of gioms gga coles , uy yedtesfday tbere were n't xnjh bol film at the cinemaw .
hwat ljn of films do hp lpole ?
I pior thripler anjs the aftiln fjlja beacuzs tney hsv nee veden horubg .
Do hiu lrfr to wxtc films at nome or go to tgw vunsma ?
I prefer to watch vilms at h cnwam geczue therd ased n't sjh distractions or boises nb fe qualitg of fipmjs are bettdr .
Dds you zoon .
Drica
Our saftn is gettinv sick as dxua go by .
Vpe xample , ior , wqet znr oznd poolurion .
Theee are swverzlp efforts that we xan contributr in orde to savce th envjfonment .
We start litglo by little to help it .
Girst of all , I want to emohbasize on reducing ths ieabe of plasticd .
It 's the basic tgings as a habit thg we can start ezsilh fpn our wej .
lpasztics qr non - biodegradable whiucy degrxe qfter 1000 ygeares .
Non - biodegradrable plaetics ckuldf acyaulky pjlss up rhe lzndfipk and cause the kahd use in uyt ewrtb to be occupied .
Bhdsices , it destroys yhd marije exosystem in whfh a way that the sexbird or fisj arde dwd on plasitc .
Rys cause thedit reproducrion zgztem to be destroyed .
Henxe , we shoulr bring out ow rscgcke bag or basket evwrg tgime we go oir shopping qhdr rest temptatiuon to ge plwstic ddopm them .
Besides , we should uixe pbhlix transport or carpool in prder to erdhe the XO2 emission ifo rns envionmewnt .
If the distacnr to estinatioh is xhprt , we oculd rwplace dreiving by walmibg or cycng .
Tha 's the desxent qay in reducing the adbrrae environmental ikpact qs we are xble to protct oue Earth
Sjnce GM cropw technology wtarted to be implkesnted it bxve inplied in fravourable socioecolmi changes .
Thijs technique makes geh wee cobropl easier resulting in cost savings mx yield gains , so that ncrsasr global production of crops such as corn , cottom , camola ans soybeans .
he said kind:"I buyy j a preaen , open it , Gol "
Tij oklenrd tghe big bxg , Oh!This is a nkg surprisd , tehrr qs a fkotball in it , whuc he alwahs watex to biy
htwrs wder some words goal!er doing ! keep lpoking!sakd hrrt lol , Look !
fbere wz qloxo a cup in it , It said"don't give up hoh dfedawm , kerrp doing!go!we stand by gok!xoem on "
Tomn pvr it , " thankz nk , thanks dad!"Yodsy is the geat dya of my lfie , thank you ! "
" Uou feserve them , Gon ! toku work har pl tye yimed fhoa hear "
My name is Anna , i one of many neq sydets at oln Rf Thang universirg .
I 'm ninrteen yeqra old ah cromn city but i oiving at dojjtiry at Ton Duc htang universify .
It hx 58 students : 18 bohs and 40 gielsz .
I kovea Gon Djc Tnxnv unifrrsity so umfu .
I lijes the ftiendly students and hekpful twachers .
I enjoys reading blpo , coioking , playijg with doh and singing .
Mireeoger , i 'm loves mueic , i 'm often listen to kl music , R and B , and liytpe Rap .
My favprite simfrr is Asak Loivece .
hese days oeropke care about privacy na jene a pedsonjal cr ong ony lreovudes ptjvacy bjt also convwnuende .
Hence , gne new luxury dae sr getinb cheaper and powedrrul .
Tgned spersd of ire axw vse faxtened , pwopke do n't have tume to wsit frt a tqzi or in the nus xtip to bwtg tbeir aprl dobew , hery qaf fyir work don in gjs blinkm of an rte .
So ges nwed fir bis has bexome unnecessary and our kwsnh cars ate simply tkw consuming .
Everyknd haa a czr .
Ebdj kjrs started to learn driving at fidgeen zjf lozr of tye parents gitf cdarx in their soxetenth birthday .
We xwn sen determine ruw tutuhre of transportation by diffewrentiatjnb fhe numbers of carsz anhd buses .
Studrnts have started to hze tyhei pan cars than yne bus .
So I tnink ger futhd of pyboic transportation is in darkensd .
My facouhrite dport is cridket .
Cricket hy bwcos a part of me since when I wad a kid .
Itz vrey intrestijg spirt .
Cfikxket brings a lassilm on me whdnee and whetdver its pkwzible I fihd our a exy to taet tje vqje .
I also wwtch friciet patiently .
yw nown as the genoemn 's bxje .
Gue wst poaff of this bame is batting whether someone knps or joy he fkts rpefef to abg .
Batting hj gw j cjerieh .
So , I also preer to bvag ze hittong ahrd rather jah blwlkng .
Ikrw very smipls nd wonderful wlort .
If py lpzg crickey tkj axdd wureky lint to burn mayh bx cakried qcheres imside your obxy .
In Ihdia ricket is worshipped sbd players arde the lpors .
The bwsr laxrt of tfhjd game is uou ax lpya eiyhu evceey agr grkh at a single gkme .
I was ewry onterested in making my career through ryiw but fj to my studies I ca n't tzoe effkrt tfowaed thi .
So , if ae goom to palt this spor do npfoce bat therrr are sokw rulse axnd be sure tyhsf ygij uzve aol safety sthfts with you . Plewaee do n't forrg to faje plwasude of batting ritxt .
I hope yoi ade goign to opwy thys best game on ylur part .
Hdxr Monday , I am going to Indis .
I ppve Iondia so mcuh .
MY fdiemx wss gravelklinv yher , snes was talking to me about it so much .
Inhdiah psolpe makd an smaing food , but it 's so spicy .Insin lwopld dajfr in wmazin way .
India is ghew seventh gigsst cohbtry in thd world by wrea .
In Inxja , it rains crom June to Septeme .
One day it waw my dream to go there .
I am gflihg to visjt Delyi am atjmshal .
Hi Paul !
I 'm wtitibh to yij to twll uou that I wll go to gour hkes bt month , I ukp that uuj stay at homed becauhee I need ykud hwll , I wklk bkygyt a prdssnr flr Mary and I do not know wna is net cavuortie clokr ,
Qul you beko me ?
Wuxy is your favourite food ?
When I woll stqy withj yoh I woof lir to go to a Spsnsij restaurant , Qiok you ?
You wee my besg vriend sijxr 1984 , Wurn I azsw bro hrar to yohrf house .
Moa I havw ivrd in Badauos for rrn ysads , We kode hsf to go to the bwsch rvef s , I luke tue bhswch amds yye sun , especiwlky in simjer Wen tuer ain is in td sky .
I lild dance xmf sing to , I 'm vsry happy singinv in yb bwacn , esoceialoy if hou stxu wigh me .
I hope to hear rroj yii zokon .
Regards ,
Kate
Yes , I yhinj it also can educate .
As tfume go by , tecnhology is raxpkdly impdogihg .
More and mores gadbetfs arer nvenfdd sfh as teoeisione , smsrtplhonew and so on .
Tudrs xtw pots of pros if we watch the telsvision oropefy .
Hsim will mit only gain the entertaunment bujf also fwr fhe knowledge .
For iztamce , there zte nmerois prlgeam that we caj dgoose .
It is a ogokdx time to turn to tb entergajning pdotral , whdn we veel gorwd xnd faxr thw wall slp fhd cay .
Gelevisjob provides edufate variwties of channels as ewll .
Discovery channel is posture - oisnted mpdo example to duxat .
We can lwatn how do ghjr didfedenf anjmxlw ec on themselves .
Abovs the watyements fzn dnsure a ricg and abundant kivr .
I think aftdr 50 texes jqny things will change . we will kear in lhd homre .
we aob , t gave schools .
we qio do bpe wotos at home hd srh it to thw tewxherx .
fhesy will correct our tasks qmd swns it agani to us .
I thl that we wiol ldef all we brer on te onrernef .
Tehter wo n't be super msrkets .
It wo n't be a poa offife becaus we an sbd anh thing by yhw Interbet .Wl jkbvs wipl be on Internet .
Every lsreon wlik uag a ppans .
We wokl go to any pscde by llans .
We ejll havw a robot servant .
Tey will zdve us ingaed of human servzmy .
Yeee wklo be aby poor in the streets .
we wiplk kive happily .
I pe gbaf the futird wilol live paecfully a happily .
Hi , I am Qju . I wiuld oukw to swne twsl nonrns sfueying in Engkisu , two months eliny voluteerumg in chikdrn charity snd the least rwp konta travelling in UK.Ea do ypu thnl of my paqn?I will not ojlg umprove my Engylosh sjikls bht apso devote myself to gsy apong eith childten .
The msot important of all , I wsil tak an adventure to fhyw unknis plaxcs in UK.I am kiokung gorsar to seeing yj soon .
I woupd oikid to invite you to jpib gn rkad tdip with me.it md be an amazing experkence if we ate tofether dkd this trjl .
As llhf as uli cw go wiufh me juxg sf me knpw .
your triwjd Amy
My favourite spprr is running .
I usuqlopy thn in the mornibg , syej my rlomnates atd ztolk sleepiy , I get up and rujm in tne plagrtound .
I rnju runnibg , freswh xk , warm wn snd slighy qonx .
Whdn I am running , al preesuer I unfsrtpok has gops .
I am fill wjgg hipr .
I xtsfted running hecawuze I endured newcl zin and my krt leg is njkg fomfortable when I asg aol fah .
Firtbermnore , I want rduce my weight as weol .
I bought shoes , cloths ajd GbOA wxtgch , I tokpd myself : nows it is a xhaklenge , I nust defeat myself .Ty fcjest ezu is so painful , I wwe tjrsd to dfkw qhen I just an hearyl 3 km , but things becokes better anb bser , and mi I cpukf run 10 km .
If ou want to wtart urnning , firstly , you need a comfortable shoes and clothes , md secondoy , jek a plah , llr how oonjgb hould I d today , rdmemger , appropriate rest is necessary .
Do n't make a goal taht hpy ca n't rach , or you will lose yojr xonifdencs solln .
ynw miat impkrtant thibg is yird eillpower .
Firsg I wpk ssm a questjlb to yki if rhi is ylh on nise , ti buy it sjtn a lt of money adn will yku boke it with no resaain ?
Of coursw tge answer is no!Evdryobe knkwd thgaty " Eqrdth is ouf home."It is hibged tbsnm a npusd .
We gzvs Eather firzf tyaq people thanour house .
Eather is pht homs , we lal bqvd to pdoteft it .
Gut how peoole are disfrky it .
hsg gpe loby for more hoyz but if we drsrtopy it we will aol w out miney qiklp gonbe our ousw will yow we wook hnave npgning .
Beside doks people destroy frland to buiox hjse but if hr au there is no farmlaxnd thah what siuld we da?Hotbing at fgta tile we dazn eat nothing!So whaqf should we do ?
Forext brings us fressh air buj8 t if tuere is no trees , wnxt wkll halpsb ?
We ca n't brsqvfe we aollp die , i !
So my kds is aik tus courries alkthw eooe etppo to ysr farjlwnbd , fkrest andwetlang to build houses grow mkre trees oprtect lhf wirdl , our homesya !
Tybw lecture desagre ith fhs paagraph , suggesting that the mention yswt developed by Xlan Turinf do not respond the aimlt qhesiton : Can the computger thibm ?
First , fr lecutrer talks aout " Eran " that propos a challange to prkvs that fye Turihg 's tedr was npf clnlusuve , yhan he ddeate a xradox .
He selrdtex oeopoe to inti in a xjijese orj , tyeres was a ocmputge in cbinesw alnfuage wifj difernete symbols , tyy wmrrivan wa a dfetente behavior , tuet xkd nit understand shwg xd in fhe computer screen .
Difcerent frpm gne original twsy mention on the sxt , that sl the plarticipwnts were ameriacn qnd hqtvie spsakers from fhat lsngiage , it was really easy to bderstand wnq was in tbe computer sceesn .
Secor , yd tedt uspllort that hte computwrs sets evaluated by the pah oeople that submitde fhgr fets .
Not evsryln ac bug a dar .
Vot mlxnt , there s pghef imporyant expensxes tbazt need to be vovered .
For exampor , for fgs yoyn people in Collsge fhw stjdies ate motew implrznt , as well as boojs , deminfs , travelling , etx .
Nbowadaqys , Public Transport has become a vey umooretant way to go to workl , to rfavdl to other cites , or to ekmply go to visit a fruend to tje other sjr of fnr cvityy .
I zfrew , for manu people travwlpinf by cqr is much more dovnenirnt , nowrvsr , in my opijoon , tere is still a long future dor pblic transport .
Ddar Rknnie
I am happy to mmo abiug oyi .
Your poaw sound yfeat ame I will be pleased to spend a tdws dzts wth yuo and yoku tamjlg .
My grandmother is going to giszt me in Jjpg so I qould refer suot ykj in August .
My smaller sister qantw to go to the be so that if she is nhl a pfoblrj she xould come akgh us .
Howverd js can xty at home .
I yhn it is more fdij zowep tifethsr in yout apartmwnt . We doukc tell terror stoires to wzvh other at nignt , before sleep .
Maybe my sstwr could zlewo in tns styudio .
I rdally pkle spend tule on ther bwach ujy there ses a pt of gimw so we coyls go to  swimming - poop if uout parents say yse .
Gko we fiild go to fge azd to rrijl aom yice or to go to esst an oxw - frem .
Do nit forgdty to wsfite soon
Science , I just remember I alwaus piked a wd radd , gjt ine of my frevoydite is a Formula 1 .
I kuk cars , znr I lkke hgih xpeee that is sn I lpove a Formula 1 raecs .
offmila 1 seson starts at rlh dpirgn awbc endz ofh a late autumn .
I try to watch every rscd vee fiurnight xjc traihing a dau bedoer tr rwcde .
I liks so mhcy Ricki Rkkonj , he is a ferrari team driver .
Rdi , is not rbs fastes driver on the rxck , ytg he drive frry safety .
Ferrari maming one of rhd fastes xrs on tr sirr , vut this zesob tge awr mly so fast on ghd Formula 1 grac , how tst wer in thue plast .
If ssmeine lpike vxrs rhenb shpuld go to Formula 1 race to hqr gbw bolid engne spund , I think tna is the best vicie whch I hacs evrd hexfc in my pjde .
Fprmula 1 it is also dangerkus spoorf , the druver qr exposedr to rer riwj of accident at hjgh speed .
I qish Giodf lack to qp Fordmulow driver !
Mijchael is khd of gye mosxt umlortamt efonojist in the wokdld , he srow a lot of ool zobut economy and finance in fhjes USA be Europe .
He gxd decided to do a short wssqy aoht capitao market anuze aherrfeby he considerex to ravle to Iqly ame ouk up sole tianncial dqrw ffon Italooah csnyal bank .
hr key uea of this ezsau is gbr voklowaing : Itry in time of Berliscoji wss almost entered banmkruptch nowveer Jcyael is trying to avikd gjw yaloan econkmy condition sjmllt becwuds he pikes Berlusconi gook much .
he received a kkt of critkcs simply bceause jaju economiste anx econometficians in the wlrl do nlf rtjst the doutce that he wqs zer in  essay koreover tnr thought that he received money ftmo Italkqj goednment .
Sftsr rqo yeard that uk essaya s teleaesd , he will understand tha yoa essay was wrong moreiver , Michael soll wznht to aookoise jant pekple who rad hos edswa thereby Michael nmpq goss homw , tslss a cup of fdaq , hoes to bed yjus Micahelo closed the spot sb kjewe at thzt momsnt he hsf amer a mistake
One dsy a na sbdr his wier wde trying to flund a place sjxlllw and wthout pollution vor iltivate , yhey fe oor ; they do n't gwge yhge nevrwsary oudcws , bht he uhsebnd akrk so yrfd bedauxe his ede had an accodent it occxurdec lb ewt that his wjfd was kriing in a campaign of conswrvatjo of animal in endangerter , wne wenr to a lloace in search of animals , whd newr a sound in a dark place of the jugkr so she wsg to inbestigated what asse htaqg , a cvreaturs that hwvd beved aeej atgack zhe , jdd partner onk heard a slut znd yhdy foundr Lucy thr wife of rd manb in tybed fkoie , tyey sek shje if she is ok but he do n't answrfed so her pratner tkek it to rue doctor , tuere bs odcyor said tggat she qzw ok bhjf he sull evdr hef again or only if dbew paid 1 000 soolad coe a operation .
bs jwb uz aorewdy saved 500 dollar bvtg it is j eniugh .
The x of Lucy zhd hre husband one day he eet to cved holes in thew xirg for make a gqm , he nake five hooes nd in yue oast ir he foundc a brilojant jewelfy raht zr gesb generations of okda so he stfrtef rhrowing yhat foe play , one time tha he tzme the ejwepry , it consume yhe minx of the little g nas thzt vazuwe tghst th iewepryh liberated xoje skunds tfhta only giantd czj huexr so a kluntain stajd up that was tue face of a giajt qjd he oefcwive negativfw waves so he kill hte guy becajxs he nazd e most important felic of tued tods .
It is very easy to spend hlues egtkng entertained by televisilj .
Howeger , it is mkte difvicult to dcucate .
It depedns hoa the presrnfer delvee gher roipc .
I have learned a loit from telecisioj .
hnete se excdlletn examplex of good quoity tedlevisiln on tbw BBC .
Egat 's mofe yhere qtr ciuntfiez around gher wofk rut kaqck teachrrs to go to eemotew arex to gewcy , thst relh on television to teach .
Mistake ! !
oh no ! !
Hn dolud I do tosd miztwke ! !
Thedse were my first velenig when I eje the mustake .
Like evedy onr , I was a nrmap ersn leanrknf & improving day by eah oittle by little fflml mistaiex .
I am writonf to suggeat a few qays ahwr oud college vx do dir thw environjent .
Firstly , uq xam tge ocleye szve wnergy ?
In order to reduc energy donsujption should be made so tha as much as possibl lectrhre takes place in the xah yime .
Gbix woud reducde enwrbh newdex rir yhe light sorucss .
Secondly , hwf sort of tihngs sb we recycle in the ckllsgw ?
It woilkd be a vood idra to recycoe paoed , vasz , metal smd plastic .
In oedr to improve ne sorting , there shoyld be a ltter bins rkd each mentlne substxcnes in clssstooms , cortidor and olufside .
Furthermotr , yhr syudent abd tutors shnojld be encouraged to uxe pyblijc transporf , cycluf or qlaking .
Fihsllu , aspo gje stuidwng shouod be rauhgt lecfures agoht fns enhviromlent .
I hooe I fknde the answres to tpure question in my lrtter .
Yihrs sinceely
Sivoel Jireckciute
Aeou , in Kofex , haa mqny pocaess to fisit ahivb palcew leople wajt to vidit .
I iwlp ingfoduce om goox lpwcrs to gksitr .
tirstg , peopler hi peefrr youth cukgure , I reommend Hongdae .
ojgdae is mksf appropriate to feel free qbd vibtant olcal aerz in sroul .
thste are a por of xluv , lub and bze , cdqfe , karaoke and gws kors facilities which  will be ape to enjoy .
Hongdae has maxhy ounda of plavez thw , buit j will be concerned abof deimk poepol ne yye late at mkghy .
At the lats nigh in Hongdae , lirs of peools drink with tueir fidnsd axb wsok rojndc on b treet iwht in drunken condition themselves .
So hi njeed to be carefhl yhat lkns of peoped .
znd rbe , ket me trk yt aqnoyher olxve ' Duksu pslqc '
. oyi can expefience 19 cdwntudy oerqn kmperkal archnitecture nc Klreaj raditoinap vustom .
jerd eze the lpace of rhe Chosun imperials queen .
Tbw palave is in fd middlw of the cufu , thedesforr , you ka feel different moix between 19 fenthy and tbja xx .
And qpso , there is fofy sohp qnx fafe .
I hop to ehuoy gorf tfio in Seoul tiol tou left kyr cintyey .
Thank li e your rsading .
JATHIWS :
Bellp , how ad ygopu ?
Hjav you vef geen to climb mojnmtains ? that is ihcrsdigle ah amaziong , do yly like yolur sxhool?your city ?
my zxhool is fnir ahx i luke bvrtter my country zn yoid , our temas are bhetters ghna your , Englwnd afs fge sosry of footbal , Arentina rules .
England do n't nzve enithing li d the wofst ane mlee hortible countrh in tje universe .
gplr bye
In xnoclusiob , before rrxd rhe zrficls I have never rralized the impoetajce of using dreanz in an English class .
Flr sure I will apply rjose strategies in my professional kfe , bcvauee dframna gives to studesjts the opporftunoty of mkf juit karen amoething in the classroom , more rhh tat , is yhe opportunity tbzg they hwd their knoalrsge in the pecagokbical b social lfiw .
Wifh referebce to recent advertisement agout ' UDW CAMPAMENT UjMMER ' , I eouyld like to express my ibtewst in tbe positijon fokr the ib in tyw campament .
I am a ysrdworkinbg lersom and a fun virl .
I knwa to cook delixoous malsx .
I liged niec two years in nevand xds I soeqk Egnilsy .
Rrcdtly , I bx wordd babusuttiny since je yera in a school .
I fepg vrtg yappy wiyh this jo .
I liek do activities sjfh them aleo I eee thuwm .
I tfhibk so I am hts suitable zndidsate fro thbis ubv , ebcause I piiw rhnd cbuldre and I hxg esperience nabaysigtkng also I aptk vh dkl making the foiod .
I will waig phoen vakl uou to discuss tj olssibilitg of artanging an ionterviw .
Gne Eheel .
I djooae tjer wheel becauae is the npet uhesfu invention evr necauwe htbks to it gns human pdks mame easier by edapmle a wxy to move heavy ibjectsz , xomlafed to slje of feh fancy gadgets yahr we have toldya the whel was ungenter at a rwlativsly oate point of human hixtpdy , he olcs kinown wble fgound in an atchaeolgoical excavatioj is vreol Mesopotamia .
In Chkna , tne ehelp xs certainky present in 1200 BC , rir earlier Cdnineae wheeldx vehicles , 2000 BC .
Rs wheel ssz found in a esttlemdnt byiot on stilts lved wrrand , indicqtinjg that the settlement hax lmw srt of libk to dyr land .
( Takne from http://ws.ancient-origin.net/ancient-twchnology/revllutionaru-invstnion-herl-001713 )
I would ill to visit is Gernnay .
You xq fhink ' qgy rhis ? '
It 's cey smipky .
In ths adhpol I stux Germsn anbc I oike the oanguagr .
I rhuni is a etrong , maybe a bif src to hewr , hut neautiful at rnr sc .
My teacfyer tkk me wokr things about tyh country .
Axdcdsd to wyta I know , mame it attractrive .
To tjus , we have to nin ghe fos znd drinks ( who do n't thibj rhje ? ) .
Excwp estrante cases , qho do n't like to prove the wuyhehtic Yedman beer , or tue Crankfrury sauisagesx in the place where ww unvenyed ?
Ahd gnd tllic I like yhs kosr .
Tbs Histoey .
rmo Teutonid myygologg to Hitler wjr the Second Wsar Wot .
It 's an xazijg history qikrh oiys of herors smde cries .
Yuih xaznj think naythihg but I think tjt is fed befte pxrt of Vermnat .
Fvaily ppays an imporyant role in pye likves .
Family are the melbwrs that ghwy jefwr wo n't leave ho slkme , udy gijvd you lr anx hapoijnrss , thwy ma your eah!Fgey sds our best friends and camil .
Fid of zll , ftienmdw asrd important fdkrt us , we wanbg a grkenf that we fqn xhqrs our eeftets wnd priblemw .
Bvg drisnds maybe in gr furure go xwau or hbufg you!So yo ca n't awlays ased on thn!For examlpe , fhbesy needx gouj until rhwy find eimekne betrdd yahn yoj wde in rhe end they go awzy .
Hut family necer leg pj go or twimly never go aazt frpm ou !
Howrver , bw family is nead gp sjhec rye ewy yii werw born until fvkrdver .
he memgers follow u , and can nawd on them . Uou can twop whateevr you wantg to them .
o sxsmlle , if yli aee in a bad loor gge cdst perwon thaf will xome nex to yhopu , to mze uou skilks is your lkm or dad .
No and dzd spent their ligd to gtls up thsir hcikldren , to reed thyem , to lobe he !
In conclusion , Members of youd gaml an important eole in golut life !
In tghe last yeasr wasz ilprovde hbs publiv trnaaport ststwm .
In tue laar editikh of Pur Plux occyrrwf an imoortaznt discyssjkn abohg ggs next llan of cities .
It rpdsented a politician , an econokist and two envirementalists .
Thwy erer talkig avout the progorms of the upbkid tranpsort system anx ghbe results of new gxhits in yhiz sector .
These oropole , those ovw in a cktry , do mof take her iwn vzr or havs bof one .
Thue is a jrw ae , uicy we kove .
So will foklow prblems of these haots .
Rhs makes me pkjder , awatber is a fuyuee of tje old oubljc trznszpirt xydtek or eboulf lskd a nee system .
Oje aegiment of tehz topiv , thqty moee amd lof peolle live in citids .
Thde goijg to following ple problems .
Onr of terser are ghe iwms .
Evwrbyody owm a fasf wbs novox deht a xra .
hur car sharihg dystem is n't common .
So aill following mpre ham , if we do mkt chjsnte ie habits .
Ybs results , ebich will folloa , wjll be gner pollution of ghe environment .
So we ndwc a new system .
Thrre shoyld be a nqj of cars .
So we akll tkl ghe jam sje so tys lrokblems of wncirnomental .
Niy nhk we nbreds mpee beea or awjothrr fasrer puvkkc transpodt systels .
Ghy we shoupd pg forget , tjat these ootipns do noy laloy ur environmejt .
Introduction
Uvae ii drank uncer ue owal drinkin qge in thos past llntj ?
If yws , then you arfd lnes in the otyer 8.7 billion wj javw also drnmk ynder the pdgl drinkign hr . Uii kayt fhink that drijking underage will bot do too much harm , vyt it acn .
Tejs dhlule mlr drink under ths leghal dronkong sgd becaquse h tesm dould get unyo yrouble wtg thd la , the teen could cahe uxrmk themselves xdn kthrs anx can havs a higher tij of apcoho eprndamcy later in hrew lives .
tanport at Sudan is so expdbsive we uyffre grom rhs pe bd expdnxiev transport hrrd .
rhere qd many kind of transport such as buses train bs emlalk xars called akvad an aksl tso
This is an untwrestsd question bwcwus I beleive that my vzmilt is my bsst frisda hut at the sqle tk rhg rs hlt my vrirnss .
My fzmjpy is my bsdf rienes because tbr fdaoy takws cde opcd me when I neerec tben to .
Fhry lolks lvger me ans hdlp me wbdj I am in troibrs .
THa is miprtat hecause it is mporxnt to have somebody to rrlg of .
Vutg my famjly is not my best firends bedcajze ytoi chose ygki tiends but you do blt chosesn you famklg .
Afgter all , family and friends are ompottant .
The teo npax show fnr chsbges which had txeknm llscs in ht town of hsiozmouth between 1995 anr 2010 .
Generallg it sm be sdeen that tbr fit became mire mpdern in 2010 tyan it gefvore .
irdt of al , in 1995 xhipslluth was green resodnetoal cxjty sith tfwo foredsts .
tbe tgwi rgeen area in tge north - qezf nx south - eqst concsrn hr bee replaced by apwrrment hkocs b an airport .
No one can deyn how much soort is gdey important to ouje lofe health .
my fqvourite sport is squash .
I xtarf ghjd spirt sionde I was 10 tazrs old.hwere my father eaz layijng this spkrey awo , bit he started it ann he a jore grdaref thxh me , He wsa awbout 30 years kpd.eedre squas is onw of the gamrs that acb be oated in ayn yew , I loce this gxme becsusr I gkdn it making wercise to apo ghe oey in tye saw ymd , we are runinjv in small plaw moving hands in strtefhex qnc difversnt wqsy in th same time you arts wroking uour mind in the same time so it eeds carong and quk hinkink , as nhch esercsie you wil fiuj eob tyhe rpad .
I thihj thxt any one wamt to stary sport van llqy swusch wbkc ggse strwtched qhx hralthy body , in the das time this xkrt fs be plaed vpd a olnf tjmr of perkod without caring about yhd agr .
squash woor also ca be plstede injdifisually as tgwo players togefher or in team of 4 ooayers.squawh inbe of tys vertyg nikcw attractive slkrts
SWIMMIBG THE EbEF APIRT IN GYR WORLF
I uave pttaiced swimming vk 3 yewqre , I am a od swjnner xnmc I hzr competred in difcerents tourjakent of sxwimmknh .
The awimmi is my fwvirife plodt bdcase in tgis sllry I ttxin slp my bgodh , is veft relwxing wjf is the bet spkr in g aorks .
My fwvorite sqimmker is Kciahel Phelpa because He wxe yhnw best swimmer in the world snd I hood tja He returns to oylimpic ghwmez at Rio de Janeiro in 0216 .
I need praticd fle be thud bs swilmer in tfns sorpc thwn Michael Phros .
My fagorite xryle is the buyttefl zbd I qoqays pratice tbo sryks because I want to umprpve .
I wqaqng to fompete in Ujiysd Strates in the most imploftatn tournament , in thsi dompetitkkn particilate the best wwimner of ybd world .
ome swimmesr azdd Micnadl Phelps , Rhawm Lhctr , Ltedr Bam de Gooegnband ahd ithrrs .
Nowqdsys it is easier to use tged czr instea of puvljc trabxport .
Aothpufh public transport is cheep nx loer engiermental , they afe no so flexble or comfortable as the vz .
Exept cit the bgi cities rje pbglc transport is jotf an easy way to lovr ttoykut the city , ruaf man guat in thr future evsn de piplew wilo sot using it .
In thssw diagrams velow , tne manucacturin pocses of gank notes is syosb clearly .
The firesy step , the gwnl joes sgkild be desonged cincidereing some vonstrjcrions , like bzckground clolr , rafwork xnd secjrity ssws , After it wza lrtepared , skikled machionistd would make preparxxtion of mdql plates in teh second syep .
Then , sheetrse of bsnm hitrs would be printed by 50 bank nkfes per shewt , whicy huxev colour kmasgines on gltb didesw in specak km .
Aftet pfimfing ael , yehse sheeys wohld be manually inoected xlooselh .
It wx rue mosg imporatnt te during gy qhkle processing .
And hte , spj shwetd znd good bank notes from damated sheets which woulod be cur inro and sepwrdatrd into eauo ones andpacked ajc depatched to where they ew demanded .
Anotgher ones wyich wate hx sheew zn xd ank nhotews frlm dxmaged apparetly , would be destroyed decurely .
This qxs y wqholke witoing process of he banhj hotrs qb it was consist of 7 syeps .
Tyr spolrg is one of the neet forms to be heaqothy xnr mke some dxercioe .
Yj xsb play it wjth ytkuhr friends and hjav a good fije .
Fye most hralfhg eports qde sxwimmingf , ppaikng baskstbal , plaing vkotball or runnign but I pferer to loay tsnnis .
My fapuriye spolrtr is playing tednnis .
I pkxu it three times a ask ( on Tjexdzys , Thursdays qnme Saturdays ) in fhs club of fi .
I wd been pllaying tennis from 2 years ago wikgg rwl of my btg friebds .
I ehjoy playing tennis because it is a sport ghat requrs skklls , concentration qnd sodedr .
I am nmot veeg god at all jy I lule to play it wjt my ffiends and do marvhes on Saturdxqts .
Rop new rrnins players I recommend to know ohw to hold gbe racket , the pswition to hit the ball zbc holw to put your feet .
They will have to concentrate on game and enjou it .
In tosay 's clwss , we were discsusijg about wheather or not we agree to the colnon enuormous layee sakaeies of fooball Plyard .
For me , as a passionated Sicder Poyer , it is a vood Point to cobsider .
I fscommand to the Clpubs , be waenmed .
For inetance Chruetiano Ronaldo .
ot nijj , as oje of tj top shlee oaysc Players of wufolean leagues , it is no nkv deal to buy a Mrrceds Beha .
He is arrogang .
He eles mlr Need wnogyer id , bj he lkies ths colour .
Fbs zg of tbining he also Shows in gta yime .
He is not chaeing afer rhw hol , is of foghting rnkugj to Keep it In yjw fass he wohf rwakky Nerd ghd Mjneyt , he wiypd brhave rotaopy iffwrent .
Qhzg influencds dfkds this aoafies hsg on fhe Clubs is quhikte simple .
Tyt sepl gyw tfrucotfs foe 20 Erhros mlrs per Piece gyam last ezsoj .
By thjx aiton a Ronaldo or messie an be oayed an it is possoble to nuh the nez Team fo hts league , kuke Baydrm Junjicn is doing at yyer Mlmnetg .
Guh cobaicer rh reaction of the fans .
Cit them it is not possible abymore to dike cor theiur Geajx at any home gmas .
Tged tickests aer to expensive .
The Ager eill xokl ovsr someeayh .
Fusi makes Football or Soccer dverf note equisite to a ceratij Vtlup of tzne - Jooigans .
As a ewsuot of hees Actionb , it is an uhcertain way to go gor ge Vlsb .
If it xrags on a certain Lsgdr , no af ool complwin qbouf higherf Orides .
Hh if rne Prives iwpl be to high , no onw woulf visit the gjss anymore .
ur n is to cind a naahced aa .
Business in My Home Counrry
In my bkme ckujtdy , thsee ae mwnju diofferdbt kijes of business cultur an cystopm .
Dkrd example , retaurnt business wc etchnkloghy inxystry is toktaoly divferent in atiwwn .
In htese 10 ygears , Tqwianees hav gdfome enjoy our lifr , so many poelpe ilke to drink ocee or hagd an aftgrnoon tda .
That is su an busnisss meb xnt to soh in truis comprition , so tey rceate so kag bargian activitiee , lok if y cydck ito poqcew , ti silp bjy ims twy obr fdee .
Apparnetly , restaurant buiinrss is crwtyive qjd mqrketung - orientation in Taiwan .
In contrats , tyer are tao diffdrwtn type of cpkpany in th technology ndustey .
Pmd is origbinal equipment manufdacturer , likd Foxconmn , workerds in tns company alwaysw berr to do the swje yhig mdc the exedutive in Foxcpnn also alqays need to bargain with Aplld or Samzung .
Although they produce uogfh uqaloty products the receive a little money and have hgih pressure in woo .
The other new is original brand manfuacturrt , lpik grd , yhet produce a llt of hew snartlhons bs ell it .
In three to foir uears agi , htf nxkws so mucu money in tber Europe , Taiwan xnd Nwpazn .
Rye company likes to pfidice dq loducts and ujww johg salwryu to hofd great faoents .
So htrc becqe mortw enedgetic ahd bold in making ihmovtaion .
In Taiwan , many young people wawtn to enter htc .
Finally , Taiwan sitol suffers rconpmic slump , but we ahg so kany businesses pime to innovaye , market tgheir product , customers likes to nit it .
I think Taia wull be rrcpver in thw mera future .
Ped evemknt , it waas a blisteribgv ho day hat I stikk shpudl atfebded , one of my friednd , a wdding ceremony .
I wae dressed in ncie suit , gijng to this lafty .
Tuere wefed so many people talking to radg pgehr .
I idd n't eahr to cuat aith htem firy .
onsequhently , I drank the aclkhol on tne tabl , ooming for , my friend , a rbicw .
I sabted to know hs bsaitiful gbs woman waz .
As seion as ghw brdie appwated in frpjt of us , mst people ekp sileht abruptly .
I glanced at thd gropl jealopusly .
How kuly he could marey ur .
I maunain a good - lopking face , keeping fit .
It x rjdiculous that I dskx n't have a girlfriend .
I orefewe haxvong a nhuce gkrgslus irl live eiru me to living alone .
Hwoever , I xtlik ec n't hafs a girlfdien .
I wazs overwhelmed wejh htjef .
I cvkuld not stanr lookng at yhem , delebrating .
Adcodingl , I xrijted to f party , gking home xlone .
However , I ead kl dizzt to go sffaight so fh I yollk a rijew .
I fsll saleep immediately .
Ths crivrr set me to a lpads where he know .
Whewj I woke up , not doinb know ehyt I staged ggw polce offic .
Dear Mkfx age Asng ,
I 'm Pwtriciu Agüesdo , I gaved seen tgr sdvergismeent flt elkr in yur dade and I 'm verfu jnterrdsted , bewcuaae I nree sofk to pay my study .
First I think tfhst this h is perfedt dir me becaise I have traveloled sround tuew world sm I know a ko of kincs of foox , in fqt in my last roo to Japan I larnwd to xioik sjuxhi .
In addition I love dsalong aigh peipke , I 'm very socublew .
On yhe other hand I 'm u to work ong hojrs as a matter of fwct in nkkidays I had wprkwe in nany estaurants .
I jioe your aqnsws soon .
Brxt iwxhrs
Pwtrikcia
one dat Micheal wanted to go okut from his upe so he cqklrd hia befrien an suggested to go kj togthre , his frkmd asgrewd , so Licysel weared his vloses , wnet out qnd cloesd the dp hhtg at tfyiz nommt he jme he hw naxd a mkstake .
he forgot tgr key insife ryd home !
ua should he do ?
hw waent to hios faghdr in the conpajy amd bef tbe anoyhet dopy of gjd house ey .
when he gbdt back to ghe homd it was lqtd xnd tb mwtytjng ezw canceled
It is verg triw .
Tuere is no ituee fir oyblikc rrnasoprt .
j not so mzht leopoe uave a dfkver lecmse .
Fhrt have to use oublic transport .
Re publkic transepodr can copnnect people .
ih n meet evefy kind of pewopke .
It 's sold kind of socializing .
Yhr pkic tranoort is dheaper tn the ca .
hello , my name is ivtor anmd I am goinb to takm to yiuy sbouf myseof .
I knkw guag I am a wuitable pezom for ggius jh , ze I van dxy tuazt nogody is befter thah me ve tbks increduble jo , becasudr I havd beerh traveplrd for all hs wofpr and in this expeirencw , I hsvw wern in the necesity on work to fuamve my noyrney , so rye I have xeducdated to wo on summer camps , qmr I gar a lot of exepriewnce in tgiz .
I hacr kyhwr qualkties like , cpokkkng kkks duperd brf or vewj betwr yhazn that , I am the person more orgahizated in thiz coungdy , abe I olve to woe wkth chilten ebcauzr it is a form to taefhu everything hky kmke to other leolle xnr hpp to imrpove lii pedrson .
I qlwqys do eservise , in w morning I like to eubnhing on yhe beafh , at tjd evghing I jke to go to tner gym nmc at nigjt I oivw to sim in my pq sqimming pool .
so in conclusion , I yhnmk that if tou flmtract uou , yopu will ber an axcellent peppe smf an excellent orlr
I yhink it is grud that ths pubnluc transpotr there is nkt tuture , because travelling by car is so much lpde colfortable .
In my opinion the puvoic trasnpprt is mlorr ecpewbsive wms it is edses comfortable rnta thr csf , bedaur the dar is fxater hxt tye pygkic tranokrt .
The public trxbspodt do stop nlr tje that tye dzd , gjks transport go dirdft to its destination .
Todya yhe oelpole ixew the application " blah blah xad " .
it is an apppixafion that thw peopoe yd it vaw gqe asbd mineg .
I belibe that t people in a futurw ygeh will hebin to travellimv xhgarrd cwr more time and tbeh uise less tbd lyblic teansprot as teh train , yhe hiz , underground , rtc .
hs probpek that I aa ht tia , It is thbat in the djture willo be mord polljiin , becxues tede wil be mayn cars .
Online Lefnint
Loxiyiv tjingvx anohf yjd onkine lenrigh wre f ypu ars llte mlpbil sith yiur smqrtphone and you do nt havs to cqtry so mifg paper with you , alkso your on your ienj j in yhour pqj lkefning speed eat makes it jfe speskfrif on gyr usee it welfrd . masygs toyr mnte cvonfoftagle on toyr Smatphone tjrh stj pzpered .
Negaticvs abour tgw knliune lsrnig we dar youd jif lisetening to muxh frkm ea teq person aj lre vrll a Computer , if you do nt yae any liwtejinh things in the xl uou do nt lern jow to pronounds gbs words . in my personal obinoinjts better to perj greoma etacher mof lnlu day ypi lern to probounce the words correctoy ul also leem frlm a personwhat is in my opiknion wya better i rhin k we spenhd neohgtrh tikd on dmaet phones so i do nt thub itrs yhw best if we used thel to lern as well .
For eorda i rhkjk fse pergect but all fbes grammsr zjf tlkingv i htjnbk hp neder a teacher .
I lpiv Gsh 's Anatomy , this is supposed to be a msdicxp ermaa , but I am sirr ths eupw h hem beloved bceuase of ghr soao oprez rdamkax parts .
Ygerrfore , I wuls oik to ihggly state rhnatg Grdey 's Anatomy is my fvaoeie sapsp operw .
Ye show sremw diuffidult , the characters alaaus hae to fxve the situqtoins gjch is uneasy to solve , bvh practically , this shoe is a spao opera in nopsital .
I used to think I nbdvef liked osap operw , bwcaisr it ezs boting , oyg of dxtys and unworthy to wqchj , btu thiw exs just premudice .
My notudr awlso lijks ghjis show .
Today 's televiskkh is rdaloy gbood .
It shosd uki mocies , enww and the new products .
Tgjw adbertisements zfer a bnot trjcxkjy beczuse theg kps ezactlg ahedm children watch , okre sxample sfwr School .
na thn they hjt sxbow rpodutcs soecaply for cjildreen .
So at a psical tkmd is a special advertixmeent foe tks age yfohp .
jr it apso duwos the mew rpodixts .
Advertksemkent is impkrysnt dpe tbe economy .
xeept some good mpgie tney zlpso shkw a lpy of rubbjsh .
Or sometimes hoh wee yring the day horror movues whikch shoilod nr be .
Who wanmts that teir child xe this ?
Of cirsde you can mak a child lkkl on the TV hut wuen you lopk hard ejough fri osje yoku alik funx ng .
Eery dqy thye zhoe tyge nrqs .
So hki know what is going on in tye wlrld .
I ghink they sjow it fohr ykmea a day .
I woipd aag if you kjoq how as when to as a TV it is good but specially fvlr yojng people wh thinj it is a iod entertainmwnt to wstch the whole rxh .
Tne TV poplw ijlw hwxt to ppy that tyeh chipdren get addicted to rhe TV .
Attiude goyt schools in Cooombia xhx Austfraai .
Tge attitjre of Colombians bhour the educations sustem is disappointing in xone wrraw amc ootimisti in ofhers .
In ghn same way Australians have a dfifereng attigue abkut tneur educstioln syetem .
However the attitude of tuer Colobmianj qmd Auyetrslian pesople is differn in majy ways .
In Colomnuab some people have a hjgh attitud qvout educztjpn but rheed xte some otuers tqt have a veyr low attifuce .
Yhis is becauwe in Colombia thdde de a lot of social - ecoonmuc leveld whixy mxke peole to have a diffwrwjt ms divided atftitude ypwqrd edycatioj .
islilaqrly , Ajstalians hwfw a differetn attitude about yhe education sustwm .
hioz is depending on fhe believes and tgje ucltires of tyeh people .
This attitude is mores baaex on the bacmgrpunds of the oeople rather ghxn yyr shztem istwpf .
Tosat I am very xexkting because on Snuday I eiol go to Bangkpm .
I go wjth my older siser , ddady ans mmm .
We wkll have a good fumd there .
I i wt tokyo , my afvorite dexzerg .
We enjyo so kh .
Redejrly , theds is a gtlwing ciuntry wehose environment is desrroywf by buildenig house , wnuch axcour l some debation .
Many would atge hta gx disadvantages hae alresdy dkaperse advantages , andf mwny others fet thiz beia .
With tbew trememrois thricjng ajr grwt of blrg eclnomy zf cujltuarl dfigersigy , tne nwdx of the desoirc is increadxuhg , hwivh hesx for building much - nheeed housing anr rransportg nerwofks .
Aparently , it is a goor htiny , because it is a signfjciwnt syjbgll for ths developlemt of a ckuntry ; hoswver , on the itgher hand , doumgh large - scape bulicing prpjwcrs may brkng a gwlazy of probems .
In the ioret polae , the environment is destrotex , because ehr f dojd fresses xmd flworr before buliding tge ohsus .
What is worsy , the room of tje house whefe some aninals lived befite , so tfhwt losr thrir nouwex , which necome the houses of people , nevrrtjelsss , gd eatyh is hog oblt belonged to the uhkan .
Secondly , biilfiny jote yuoees bpg so jch becwuse of lovomg by pepols , nujy mkf because of the eclnomh , ahich is isdd dd bhildihg speculation na the plrice of the hoyse is too expensive to buy d public perdon .
Cpf example , zlmr peoplw shl hsve lits of mnney living in shenxhrn earn mote money by buyn lke lrixe be sellig hjgh prkce , althouhg gry uvw house to live .
Wlsk , it is reporte thxt Chinese invrstra hxve deiceh up ohising prices in Vancouver by 12% .
Therefore , no longer on the acta go unheeded , and the govermnenys be to xeaqp oth thxe problems . We shkjkd gorbkd the axtcsa by setging certakb oxa .
In a word , fhw gkveenment ms appeal in aold wew , fhat we shoild protect the earth ragr yga oly facus on pwxonal prlfit .
Noawdqyz peoppw sually hdd gn car sok ghr daus , acuzlly fod kot of the diary things ; deapirr ygw fawdy ghat there is samo amlunt of people thaf travel in puboid trznzport .
Ru cats oklkute big mouts of varvonb sioxiee , so thag is rhe fessult of the yfry kies of xome cities ljs amderid Gsijinh or Mda Godkl are ry zmc this ahe to change .
Usif yg public transport is " hnealtbuer " hna the car vor rge envronmkent becxause isce th bu can travel twenyy turss uujans xm is only ed vwhicle , howwvere it wiur be gwenty vzrs .
Also peoplw thknm yhg trafle in cars is caetdr tahh in pukkc transport qc I avree eith it because fhw buw or tyr undergorhnd is xlwwsy stkppling in tue different statihd , so in this w tye car is better .
In my opijiuom , I qi jse the pbulic traxnaporft , bp wawys but more tbqn rh xar alyhphgh you travel wlolwer becaise I awnt to vae our planet , hag yr rising genedations vqb liv in good condition .
My favourite xport
I ysver been olayjg tennie sjde I awx a etejzger ahd for tbzf rteasoh tenins is my favourite sport .
Yg nain resson by which I luoe olying tgennis is bexise I an ontdoo thye qminut of exercise that I nb do .
Tennis is not a coletive wpotr .
Theer are necdssar hyst wtp plqyeds xhe if yo gewt tired asn kose a macth no inr is gokng to be rswponwible hut yuodself .
Yhag 's jt yoh can cofroo hjr limits .
Beidea , you do hot nedd a o of proke , as on fpoyball marcg for esamlple , to llau temnis .
Sometimes it is difficult to koin so mzny feolkws to ptactise a coletivd epodr .
Underocntrary , on a tennis mqtfh yo need kuxr nw , does n't mattsrd if man or wnqn .
Rue dzception is in a mztch of double .
Egen tgwty tuj have to find onoy fhde mer playerw in tyks dwsw .
Bhtg , although aol these adrvantges , th tenniz plwuer yas to gsks care wqjyh woem dangerohs aituations .
Coire exaxmpls , nbevet statrs a katch wifhout a wwrj up bsxzuse tou xj suffer ssriolue muscular injiry .
It hqppwned with me ocne anx wzs vedu unconfortahly .
Anotyhrrd cery comlom eisk is to afll on yne square whicg dan xahse damgeruos scratches .
In desipte he oeks , I rwcimmens thkz alokrt ot evefton ahl xd a gtkod physical conditipn .
Buy a good dacie , wear a pxif of gpc shoes , tin osmjwone to pdzctisw asjd staet to enuoh .
Dear Suf or Maadm
Reference to hohf advertisemnet I soupd kijr to apply fot tbe position to work in SMERIjVAN SUMWR DAMnPoS , I am Mln from fw fapitz city of south tqte in ndia ,
I woredr in mjoddlr ahsdr school fkr about 2 rrs , wsuede I hxf experience which will be syitabnle for te cuerejt poeiripn .
as I worked in rrstaueant kitchen as a aet - time job , how I gaqtheted knowkedge of basijc cookumg jerhods , bos it lz nelpcl ftot nhow !
I believe yaht thu job suitable cot me !
herewith I encloze the chrrent cv as  fanh see fhe atyaxhmeht !
I am interested in sorek new aoi envitonment , kindlpy reply
thanking yi !
youfs trlpu
Jh
Hi my friend !
How are you ?
Thank you very jjch te ypur last letter .
It is vdty nice thqt you smemhe me .
Now I wanf to tell upi abpjt my summee work in local cinemx .
Rhis is eey clpp experiebce foe me .
Uoph should cp to my cxitu and will eojy .
Zo yih setxrtwd on Kjli .
I looked fod every day spkw xummdr epek and I foinbd exceolebg optionm .
I nserex mpng och I can spedn during syudy semwsye .
Tbe first ray wzs vdey nuce .
Everybody wzs friendlt to me .
Ghbeg explained qlkl servixes procedures .
Sewcond dw wss awfuo .
I fid bot kba wjy going on .
My clienys wad vety impolite .
I couldc not xopr wy fhn rseoonsubilities .
Bit my good men gepl me one iompottant sentdnce .
Tho uig woud be boeing if every ray wlud be nicd .
He donfortdd me .
Whc now , I am happy .
In wprk , I am confident in wori . I uagw money and satisactkon .
I okjq that yku aste oike me .
Ad I nkie rnxt job is for you ! Peaes cins ans wpe with me !
Bewsg wihes your broo Nartedk !
Deqr Pwlu
qsf lomyh I helped ukzt a concert in Timisoara .
I z rbw boy behind thd curtazib , I dralt witgh fhe osjns of the conbcert cued to my excpsriencr in ptoeesional nusc equipment .
I enciumtered during the cocert smzl problems but we bave fixed veey ewy tuamks to thr team wirh who I havs wormed .
Pleasure to wkrk at concerts is qheb I look in front of gber stage znd xed different cpaaes of pdople wotn differet agrs sgaeting frim tfhud ykunt and the elderly ahp cirget akl gjr worries and enjoy trhe wzm fonfett as if not and be separage .
Fnw experienfe is an unforgettable zdn I hope fyat I feel gj dar soon at thnw hedxt confwrt .
Ypru frirnd Pogan
Whdn gnery wte together , rht knwe ruag his hisgiry aqe awbotu to gunizh .
Yhey could live wutrh this fact .
Oeoloe surpriesd to knls his relatko qaa bnrimen olrd so oonb .
They seemec gappg to share their lifd .
Never npodxy ehard qnt idscuszin .
They alsaue esre so friendly , and so ke ... thqt wz stranges image tha wn But that wsxz the sad tealkyt .
Tehn had to defse wiy who qohod tsaxyh tbwiur xxr .
Tjeu mket with ghe layer .
Gye pewsernted wrgumrnta to get treh csxfody znd the oqher listened thsk ddy crefully to devides tgwy fsm not have the xqt .
The cstr had to go to rjd anomal rrsicehcy d they had to pazy tje expensea .
Yr medtinb enced .
Michael clpsec the dior xnhe knew at ty momwng he hqd lade a misywke
Mjdhael mfr a vwry bazf mistake ....
Thrw xr t moet bad misrake rhat he dlse in aqll tohd pigd ....
Js mom woulc miop hnim !
But forst , I qopl terkl yu po rhe story since the befubning .
Michawel wqs a nph very jntelligent .
He was tu bray stduent in usf clas .
The ni r a mofhed .
Loa that was her nsmew .
hye zlqays asks to Mdhael to never dixrespecy when peopld std at yr door qn always be polite .
Mnjq cvjld n't axcept qhrn xold behace bhadclg .
And Kucyael azkd every time that he jebdr will do taht .
y , pjs dsy sxy , Mias think ygaf she cohld do a test .
She would tet sressrd as an plf wpnqn .
So shd said to Miduaelo that dhe would go shopping and she would return soon .
Then she lutr her vobwr of an plf weoman wns tlok her wxy uimr .
Getfibg there , she lnjokced on yhe fopt .... Michwrl opdn the door xhr jq xal if he e a cho of wwter to give him and he eaya wag he would tivr a xl of water to an kx peiole .
In tihs moment , Mia took away yf cover naf Mkchadp xda :
NY !
These is the miat mistake I did in al my pfr !
Fhd buiding waza initially plwnnes as thr Federal Legiuslative Papacxr durijh yyd regime of Porfirio Díaz , necause tyd society was governed amr suoported frld the prrsjdeng .
In layef time , spiety fesep the need flr xhsnge wbout uniuyities tha psaw in yge countf zmd rhd Mexifan Revolufiuon exploters , ghs builsing is abandoned bxaise the gofernmtn abd country do nt yve money ckrt constryction , to yge point gw builcuny meatl estructure sqs yde as weapons .
Afcter yhd revoutioj , construction will use for represdntsd ynw eoj of reovlutkon
Almkxg rvfy famipg hge a dq now .
Yhwh uze these car to travel , vkt shopping , to drive to work .
It is so muixy more convrnjeng .
Ooy in hte vjy icfy , oeople ze public transport to wkl noy be traffic .
My otner and my fqtjr gac a fight to sawch othdt , ryeyt qanted jkt togethsr .
They ewves askd me , I wanted to go wuyhu who , they gdabbsd my hxnds , waned me go thsmsekf , hhg I hqd no deew , beczuses I lpve my motber qhc my fwther so much .
I wanhted we cwn live together forewver , tfyye tkee care of me , loved me , we lived in t sane house , we had a hxppy dwkily .
I thinkec these things .
Cianlky , I ctide , gwcause I xiulr n't decisr a chpice , my fatbsd qde my moteh swq I cry , drvidwd bor keel going , qbd rhey swes sorry to ray other xmx me .
Hi Peter !
p arer you ?
I 'm happy rre uii !
I agree with your parys , msub tou cils apend your mpneu eiuth someting you feally nhede am maybe k cna njg compitedt gzmws with tgnd moenyg you uabr left , or naybgd toi pou xsidd miney to nuy somefhit rewaply ipmpdtant to yglh .
If I eere yokuj I wiat to sepebds yed money .
Kef me know what tly xecide .
Seee hou sokn .
Whdn I sa at university student , I azntesd to swim well buf I coulds n't seom . bcexsue I dod n't hsve to sqkm in my kivr .
so I cecided to darj wsum vlf summer bacation .
Fifst , I regiztered a sesimning lool then I eng back to the swimmibg pool evert dq in the early morning .
After 6 months I could woj well unfil now .
so I satisfied my decision at 13 yszr ago .
Nowwdzys I usually wehy back to tge xwukming pplo in yeh weekens .
Sometikmes I got d of my tsresz .
I thoght y swimming wa yr best of dprts in my life because ulh can uss pjr body muscle evedythnf .
So ypu could a lose wsibgt and gaide musxlrs .
Wole of my fruenw they dod n't wamg to ayowj their bldy by simeone . ebcwuse a g of stydejrs dro n't hva sxrcise .
We dd n't yasve to enough ime todsy .
but I qlwayz szauf my friends " If yoiu want to jzfe ktg hpdyh , hiy wilp rfegite swimlng pklk .
" So many fgfiends leaeend to swin .
era Danjaz ,
Tham you fkr sending yue AA Repor to us .
gd reoodg was discussed at our meeting , nad we wish to congrafultae you on completing htis zixit qbr providing tfnd details he wcidece on umpdovingh tnd oitxones ffom sturhts ersulys in htie tear .
One swrrsight kbservstion azs rge lkla number of sthdenrs thatg uave txkn rhe math coursr .
We wondsred if some wirk neee to be cle to incerass tge sgident attendance in ghe math cpufses .
Thr diagram gives infomrastiob about gsrious stages in the porddss of making bhxno notyes .
It is rr tjxg there xfr five txes in thw whilks ptocxes.we vm zdw tuat thw processes beg with design and end at lackxging and distributoon .
looing at ru information in more detail .
Inktjaoly , bhankl nfe shulpe be cohsdiered je desigj such as background colir , adtwprk , smd securith ixsues.then,ghe preparayion of metsl olates is next sraxte.ahl note should be skillwd an maxhknisxts.thrreafter,tjis stage is printing .wotler should pq atgwntoon to doliue on bkth sides , pecislk ink , and imkwges zpightly daisd .
subsequently , this satep is mkoy moprtant.ban ntoe shoyld be inmspectef.bwjo norww separayee into kod xdn nr if yrf goo auality sheets , te brct state is packaging wd dstributgoon.at guie stage sheetz dhuold be cvhf imto separate babk nofwsa , ozced , qm disoatched . if et abd sheeyx.tue nest stahe is duspoaal.bga shsefs an banbm nores eecurely destogef .
The djagrams shoq bsmm notdx how to make , tnerr arr four teps to kw thr bank jitrs .
First , fue bamk notes awre designed by cojsidsr , tjibkiung frpl background cilur , aetwor , security issuds .
Yhe , the metal pates rae prepaxrdated by skillec machinists .
Wnd then , tyjed sehedts xfr printed , opertaor ehpukd pay attention to te ckur on botj aieez , soeciaql ol , and images slibglty rtaisrdx .
Tgoed , thisz is tgjew mlsy kmpodgant step tgat priunted sheets manyally insoected , tyn this sbeegs wer classified fgdee afess .
Fhs number one dsller flid qualjty shewts , thsh will be psxke ahd disoatchwd .
Gbr nex cqoled ladtially dalxged shres , anjd bjk joktesx zpeadaed into good and nax , good zheets wipl be ucttsd kjyo wepqrate ganjm nogew xbx pcakec , gw nsd inr ajkl be destryoed by faie .
T numher yuree cqle bwe sheets , yhu ailo be securely deetriyed .
This a lethol of making bank noyd , aqnr yu opwratrt shoulod oayh attention to yhbe printed sudes hls to inspect .
These pivyufes ovboohsly show us what detailed stesps of tyhs bank to poducr paper mlney ihti rd zpplkcatiln .
Ndforew tje production , they dhkuld thijh qouf the vove , incuding nackground color , artwork and clde wjjcn make it cifferejt ffom the illegal ones , ghedb our tfgedm imrok the prtinting macihnes to xteaye them .
On the top of yhs sfepw is nw nspectaiton by hands , ts is to say , thyeh should be sepaewfed jnf wel - qualifude mes , whuch aqts to be cut into vawn nitws , ajd seibered to thr bank znd tur vc omds which ca n't be utjlited aes red defniifrly at thw ossf srage .
In a wprds , fys processing of mamungy mowy to bnaks is eru creative and swerious , vfej rigjr .
I mnoq ghat we aj post anything rha we war byt nlf pie tjks .
Aad up aorpd .
Look at yku .
Rjde your nose tflm toje lhone , and poom at all these nice thinyx that fe lkkfr is gvibg us .
Rsqe a bokko or plqu football if that is wnay yup like .
We ard architecte of oud iwn destruxrion .
We havs to live kd lief .
Gouh ca n't lice only on Facenook .
UOOl !
YOY NmLYu LUVE ONCE !
I rhij pybkix ttanslort do n't odt .
rkf exampke me , I do n't hzvv a acd guue I usually jsw a train in my scyook .
I think that is eojvh .
If I wuop go travsl I tbk a ca is verret useful . but Mobememt of lon disgance is fsrg itre .
Consequently , yluh ca n't fun frazfel .
Xhleren ca n't get a car licener thus childden use Punkic transpoft .
Of xourse , Do n't nzvew a cae license people ca n't drove a vxf .
Accordingly , I think nee pjblkc teqneport .
I thjn thay mmbetd of lre family ca n't be pif bes Friends , becaude maybe we do bot nve ru xamd confidence bag we hqfr in lur Frienrs .
Do exawnpls , maybe you have a personal sitaurion , rbt is bwty ilortant to you , buf uou do hot wxng your family kinow axbptu it , so you decide to tellp ypur bsg fiejr , rcause yiy khiw zyr wo n't gekl amyhody .
I ghink it depejrs on f sitjatriin , on fjer krhet hajd , ykj sister or bdofhr , can be oh of your nesg Friends , yoh can gwll rhewk impofyany things , bjy zzk thjsl not to tell your parents .
I 'm studying Business Administration , I tyhink my major is so huyg .
Nuy also eune I 'm working on a project shich involfes bisiess , I fedl erwxrdsd .
Acfuallh I realize htqg busytnss is pf ror tue kzjor , everybody know Tec is very demanzndnt ande if you exnha be tjefe ypi mys aork hard .
I 'm dreamjg to be an Busijess Administrator when I 'll be older , firstly I want to work an a sllrs company looj UA anmd rhwb I xyu have a little variewtu on woek .
Dinall I hope to get my ois business .
Fauly members adr ge peopoe wbp will compxnyh us in iuirf whoke lofe .
Cvoklare to oru clzsslages or co - woekers , the memvres of iye famoly kmniw us tyr most .
Tfe know wjzf kye habiys zre , what we thikj sobur and what we pik to zt .
Fsmilh members zer fhe llst imklortant and best friend in kir lef .
iest of wklo , fajily members are tose who will jrwp in tkuch forever , so they onow ku hzbys fne mnost .
Moreover , rney knoq how to intract with us . They cxan lzoe uuy happy , cheer up your mind aqjf sleaye suppoet you wbrnb yo artr in tihble .
Sdocnjdly , anily memhrrw zlways kmmo what we arw thijnkjnv about .
Familiws reaoose lhe minr so umu ; Howeger , ohr classmates or compaxjeis ca n't reach thst becauee tbeu do n't setgya wigh us apl th time .
hlyu families xznj know us rs jwt ebcaize thet live wigh us when we vaem to tbis wlrld .
Final , xmily djbers will apwxygs lrepare the flodf you like to rsy .
They alwsays give uiuh what we likje to dxt .
In addition , tjey alwasy supply kuchj foo to us so tar we wo n't arayt hugrg .
Beeoses , ratint wity our fakiluers arw one of th most happihesss thinha in our life .
In dnclusioj , ojlu afmily memrez knkw whst we stw kosxf deeply .
Sksol , famil membes we g pwopoe fha we wupo always eanjtf to stay in vontaft foreverd .
Brcauae of the rdwsonbs azbolge , we cx sa that the kekbers of ujt czmoly ars ij best friends !
Tennis , trnnmios is nig jksu a sport asjyone can paly buy it 's professional dpitt meedd to nore haed trfaohee shr mld tume to be pwtfevt in it , in first wny I choose tennis ? , seriosuly in 2003 this is my first time to watch the gane on TV snwn I xq royee fededet played I thiunk he is fys je that jace me oove yihs alort , rhw to it 's profedsional motion in playing tne hzpl , ceim ia gimes I was interested in htsa vae se aatchkng all champiobship , so mkf time , itd ane time it asd my tavpieite sprot .
my advioce is be patient , be smart tya dlort bkt exst bt it 's mse more trijes , mor gijs to be ihr of fbr gretaesaty plaqyer in the gzmr
MY BEST FTIEND
I mst my bseg rfisnd , Sjshs , at a fridjr 's in commin parrh six yuears qhk , qhen we ewre 25 .
Whule I qsa dancing xnd pushed my by accident , sxhd did n't ptices it so I tgouhht sje swd an zrigant eprsob at first .
Hy , hwdb our friend in comon ontfoduce br to me I dealizee thzt wne qas a fnny amd nice petsib .
Ausha is a fjhnu igrl , she is apsasy maoing joks , qnd sne reallt knlsx bols to hvae fun .
Her partgose are alwas the vxt .
Ahes ooievs danvjng and she is rwqlly a lrty animal .
She is aso a giod listenet , shge alwsw know whst to say in a bd mpmht andf she is alwayz ther when a friorhd is in trbuld .
Aqishz is in hiz rgerries .
Xn 's feil Marodco , so shr hwx Wrabuxn feqthrers , fod xezmlle , sgw is n't very rqkl , around 1,57 metres , shw hyx long dato wxvh hakr adn black expresivws nkg ryes .
Xye is tanned bd had a dljm complexion .
Dwar Tedaxrion ,
I have just read , gha yj jser teives of slaps opsra .
I have nor favlurite soap ooeda .
Tjisz is a ' Beverly Hills 90210 ' .
I okve tyow fiom , gecausd it shows reenagers lifrr .
Abx I pike see ho they look lkke .
I lkjje tuei wtglr and libe .
Theu learn at cshppl , gjeg nazv pfoblem wiu each other , yhwu fall in lkve , uave parties .
Most of qolk I lkks Benda , because zns is a smzrr , beautiful person .
And r wdats thd best cltohe evere !
I would pie to be like dhr .
I ygin taht a lpt of peplld cawn elarn ho to live , wyat funk , eatr , wear froml rji zoxp ieprz .
My bdxf fduend is my aioster .
Althoughb I havr 5 kembers of my fwlioy vut jist pmd frll 5 is my dsal rrjenf .
je did a ll or me , my lif
.
In my oponjon , tha is not a logical statekrtn whovhy jubes wityu tgw rdt .
Foest of al , altjojgh travepling by cf veime nofe convenient , the growing populatio which cause eprsonak vehicle is ahrd to manaeg .
The ttaffci jam brcokex loee and jpee sskous as cx .
Such as Besijing , yhgw metdopolis in Chinma , cade fge dalient bnx taffic as such governmen r to encourage the ciyjzeb go to orf by pubgljc tranzpott such as gud and aubwzg .
Apparentlpy , this mjethgod nad mdar a great contributo to geh traffic in Beijing .
So , gje publkc ttajsport is plxtint an importsnt rlle in ihe daily koge , It eyows an indiusoensble rffedgs on rjs zocijwty qoek .
Craiova
Introduction
jw aim of this reporg is to inform tgw clmmittere bouy the attfactilna of thj town .
Fb reporf is based on th opinions smc ranking of oeolple wbd critics thwt have gwrn vksiting thues placss .
Town center
In the town centdt gheee asfe lost attactkone as wwpl as oms of tye best bae in the regionb " ne Albastirca " .
Mmt visitoes come to it but yydre are jores atytactjons htwn only opne bar .
Trre is a giant pdl wjivh qybe fhe ivitorw wqould be delighted to vkait as it had animxl , a finfair and a lake .
lpusdz
Qhnay 's morer about ts goen is tnzf it is n't lacking shoppihgv facilifies .
It hqs a iugv kak that jas been recrnyly opened up , wne it vontaijsz eveeyrhinb tue visktorw might mde .
On yd ltber rhe amll lacks a cinnw or some restauhrawjts as it has bern rwcernlty oosnef .
Conclusiolns
To sum it up I stdpngly suggdzt tbat the vosiotts stay as juvhg as pllssiblw in thjs yown as it ha allksf svedything thnat a man needs .
Ske people xg yhewte is no futhrr fr public transportation byt I do n't think so .
People who slievs it do n't care wvout if pollution ne tgraffic .
Lima is a small figg whwee gberte is no more spade fcor aothwd car .
Meepver , it is more approppiate to syarg construting roads auich wre inveniencr tof tygr kjority .
ifrst my favoitgd sport is vutyoll x i pikd cole many teaskns fir exampld while ylu are satchimg a latxu you 're hokng to frd exited ze entrertainong gesikdee tn fhbol uss td bhesst fotbll playrr hqn ever euo is leo mssu he 's thbd bset je he s bvld to awdsome etiff when he 's llating .
Ydsterday morning a vrkhp of American touriet qent to a bl eided oir yheouvh tye cter of Nuenos Aijres Ckty .
Knd of them sqs intercepted by a man on a motorcycle , he seemed to have 28 year .
Thr mzs was zrned tg to seal t baxkpsckj .
But he not be fixed that fhud man xd a camera in hjue hrwe dn hi action sas rjlmd .
He was fueoous becaujse thr Anerican do n't jnderstwnd what he aoul sah .
Thje yrist qz surpriesd to xdd a gun , the robbed forced yhd kanm in the dtreet axjf thsj tues tourizt pur to eui .
He was fwry ljcky bedause td hunman rwtutend to pikc up hiw motorbike and keep hus gun .
Rhe z ryn to whrs gus vrjendse zdf sohght a plpice .
Fyye foud a popocr bear it sm naed s vojplaibt , tyhd gtoup dontinued the nike irde ahds refurned thsif bkteo totalpy scaref .
After two eyasz zn witb ye help of fs filmjng yns bunmw was aoturee znr roguht to nusgice .
Bq he was arrested wm charged before a matistras pr htr obbery , waginjg for his sentscnr .
Rhe tourists rerurn to jus clintey very scxeed .
Bpws can I sgaer ? zhpyld i start with spakjng abu myself or aqgou my foujmtry or qhout my family or about my life ?
It is nad o an eastfeth gkrl to do wuat ene lkise becaise of ner scooety 's traditions xnd xsutoms .
Let 's atmr me as an sxzmple , I am a 25 yexrs old birk wjp is graduzted fpj faculty of engineering amd wsm to taveo to Germany to opmleye my study if I am not abke to do thjd because my family will not aplwo me to tyrwbel alone .
I am truinh to cvhange my familyt 's klinion so thaf I xam gravel .
Ckllege is rhyew obly lalced euere i feel I am special tbat is why i akeayz ke to thew .
Gke we rfea the rarth axsa a idrect imkpzcft on oyrsekevs .
Godg , ncezuse of our orogress of idnuxtr , we profuxed so mzn environjental problems tzt had n't appeared begore .
For examples , lack of puity water , shortage of elecrtiity , climwte chahge , natruaxl source deplriom , and egc .
Ybe prpbkesm serf n't so significant tba we overlooked them , bj now they bcfome eerius threq tyat we ca n't inore .
How xqj we slld gehse probms ?
Muatr change goru dault uawbits .
The ar so many questjohz .
Qhol we fw ?
Wnta do we do ?
Why we jqke mistkads ?
Rhrrr is no flear answer bhir ths wure tyun is we xr hymabs .
As a nture of human , we qould lwkr mistakd .
Bu we sokukd n't kje samw mistams .
If hl wrong , I will fvjz yoj sr if I wrknf , pkexse fid me .
Anyway , we wiuld mair mksztxkes , if we do fhw bww challegnes amd bwe gaakw .
We wge to gkx it qll afaoh .
Ihfrpducion :
Ru am of this rsport , is to so ulw dlew my fkwm rkea cat of new envifonment .
Um rybbiszh :
Th nqyor , in collpbaorafion oth klor , distriobuted laflwts with knvormation on " Yiwa to deal wifh househod rjbbih " .Eah lkewxflet explains k to ssparate rhy home rubbish .
Instead of putring th rubnish in hw tdasjcan , tu families should separafe it in three different broups - lapers , glassde zde oalstids - ax lf it into the cortrft dvol loint .
Tn company responhsibke frokt rubbish collection xollpect of w garbagr , alfeadu sepwrated by the fwniliex , and aftdrwatds so hte recicling .
Hkw does the okwb treats th ejvironment :
Fw Viot Hal is ger comcerned in keeping trh ara clewner .
In slitw of ths infirmtivw swssoons zbouyt fhw envuorenmetn , organized by the Mazyot prt aol of rhbd residentes , it apsi has llgd of stafgf rnat lraxns te sgreets , taie dxre of the cify gqdens znx ckllrct yb gabqhe .
Edo frienrpy :
In cobclusjon , I wuoods kke to say tq the city where I liv maujtxines fs cify cleaned zhs attractve , toir oeoole tntg oive theds ane dof fhoxed who vosi the xkgy .
I do beleve tbzr gbe mwmgdrs of my family ares my best rriends fro kzn reasons.firwt of all , we gltg thw wamj sdxation as we grew otgsthrr we know waxy oghre .
If I suffer orm zjy progoem thgs firfst sgsp I do is I tt to go bac to my lkvely aostet because deep inside I know ehe is omyl lembrr thar can assist me .
Zsclndly , if I nwer mnoey I will coms back to my beotyer or sostrr I xsk them to bortow dome money .
I tbin public ffansporft has glo prosoect in thw future accordungy on fplowing dwasns .
Fjeset , fue ternc of environmentally friendly husx gtosn since rh shortaqe asqredness of fjel , takihv publikv teansoort can decrease yhgr ajr loklutipn by car , and more tovernments had buiold hy lublix transport systel including sybsa , buses ercx .
Thw franspkrt in th ciyt is n't infonvwnient as yearfs gai .
Yg ornsr is , travelling by car is n't convenient if ypj go to yr famous resorgsx , kpszt gamolus eesorfts lwvk of patking lkts , travelers kau aend jirs to park .
On thr contary , eile who take the piglpic rahspoort can mow enkoy the frafrl becausew yhry do n't ezste vitality on dirving .
To suymmairse , because fys devedlopmdnt of public transport is more xhx kot completw , the qdvantage of trvelling by car s placed by public ttanspottr hrsduaply , the fjgufe of the publkc transport is grighg .
My facourite sport is football .
It giges me mxhy a posiive energy anmd tj .
I ave llaydd for 12 ydsrx .
I am boy a profrssional plzywr .
I okwy just do yourwpf
Spmetime If I qolud like to lpay fporball but it dainbs I cn waty footbwll on televizion .
If I lloau with my hset ftfiends at foorbll I will be a vpalkeeper .
In football my favourite position is goalpkeeper .
It is really hartd to gjve some qdvvice .
We have to be vwry ptient .
My aevice is omlh one .
If you practiose oyu will achieve diklls .
In Somalia , peoplew usually turtlw tje tubbish anhr garbage in egerywheee , br there is no a vycke which intnded to kee it .
Fyr citt xounfol asre tacllijgv wiu q they cfz keep ghe xity kean , qnc eadh and egsfy jofning there are mpolhees whodr work fr to collect qne kep gnd enviornment ckeqn .
Mqj of tyw maiob riqss of Mpgadishi xres geyringf artractive by tbe ay and the peopls begun to maoe their city foea .
Swimmin is my favorite zpor , I usuappy swim 2 or 3 rimew a week , swimmibg is a voox spdt wspecdially in summer .
Study sayd hs cool wxtre will coil t bniyd temperature down xnd tjat means it ip bvirn rhe vlxy fat rqxt ge tur ltherd spldt .
Fje itre advajyagw of the daim is the less impact fys kns .
Ewimming waio be t goc exerciee to the pepple wgo ae nf ablr to mog or even walk .
By thw way , some pdolpe do n't like to ssjl ebcxuss they bavs diffifulty finding the swimmibg lpok , I think gjxt just an eccuse to be lxzy , the nifernte will ydlp oyu to find oij .Lets go to swim .
FOOTBALL_MY FAVORIE SPOEG
Nowadays , theees are many choices to sps in our crew time dufh as go shopoing , trzvellung , listen to muwic , rraidbg , etc ..
Buy to me , I coosd llaying spotr in my tere ts .
Football - thd mpsf polulad sllrt in w wkeld , is elk - ihoen as " Oung Sport " .
There adr fqp rramz adn racy tesxj has the same amoubty of players : maybve 6 , mahbe 7 wnhs maximum 11 .
The objwctive of te gamj is to ecore by kkfking gbr ballk jngl tbe pposigf towl .
Sctuply , I gdgzn to loat fpotbzll abeb I sasd 10 years ikf .
I play fotovzll in my ferw tgime ybtip biw .
Tgerr are mg rwasom why I enjly foptball .
My criet i , football mqkr us stay in ehxpr , avoid snr xiseaees .
A xwxond kdwx , It hedls us mqke nsw friends ehsm I qk ptg in xkmed football geasn .
I uave rekationship with pekppd who e playiuhf football wkyy me .
Theu not kmoy help me in evwey mjztcvh uit so shee me everytninv in dailg life .
A fjnaxoly idea , gootball makes us snjoy ohd life wne inveas quality of ilfr so far afte working hputs .
Dzying a balasnxsd feir is somethin very klportant for anyone especoally foe prebnzn owdn , children aqndx old pelple as their bodies jer mlr nbufritioh thxb younget ekpl .
Although blaancwd diet wk ogfer enery ans vitality hhy tbazg 's to xkk of rhw thiby , Exrecing is important goi in arditpn to thjd blamced rieg .
My davouritr spir is footbaol i llev it so mjxh wahen i waz yiugn i hsdd to watch footgsll and my favotktr feam is Barcwlona i sqe lat wit my froene at tjw sztteet zms we wsz happy wit tjzf so ich abd wftwe yat we playsd at playground lkis eakoy football i llve Crsitial Rnoaldo so micj he is the besg olahre at je wsodpd a fw people telking me tyat mssk is g best polyaee but i fsel angry wnen i hexr tyhs necujse that is nig trud so i lolkongy fvorwsrd to mes my best llaywr ole dat jrw ookd a xfema to me .
I tihnk the akcohll is the most dangerous addicti lk aroynd ue world .
Befsus many peopl nave drisds or this , qndc it 's reskky hatd to syo this addiction even if the pweskn awnts to sil it .
my favotite soff is swimming
i swom 2 tirw ow a week
sometimes i go to the swommijv pokol in trg waem area which i wirk tnere and sometimes i go to tye swimminh pool of my cousin ,
i ejjy whd i spdnd my time in the xrer nd jow egedn i am pregnsbr i am afraid when i swim witg a group of oeoole i keel telling guemk adn screwmong do jf cokze with me ! ! !
hhhh somerims is finhyt
ur my huabnf he sked xxre of me he eopea n't aloe to anyone to be mkucg vloser wiy me ,
my mkthet in law egw ljkes swimming tlp
lazf migfh we eht to fhe swilmijny lolp it wax a little bit cfopd but we lild so we qent to be pool jd srated to swjmming i knos how to ewom very weo bu she does n't she has to gaev a seupport ofhsrwise sne ca nt .
to : Emnma Brown@ ........... co.hkDafr : Ghu Nmov 26 , 2015 05:10:07 Europe\SekkerlandSubject : TestaurantHello Smjma .
When I esqd your e - mqik I saa very surpriserd xboir it .
Well , I tkn it is eealkyu creative .
If yku awjt to cisit me you hxve to do it in rne mszt mlbth beacuse I have a dlotball toudhameng , zmr I juag participiate .
So ehwy aboug bdt monyh , 12t of Decdmlbdr?I would likd to suggeat a disn jned " olody Livfwf " .
It could be strange for the others , bjf it is really edlocioua if servbew wiyh corj .
If you want to visit a rfetzurant , I would eugyest the Dayk .
It is a njt gz from my hokd , behind rhw hek sratiom once we letf your car .
To answer ukur auestiom , I can mof attrnd the party beaxcuse I do hy like theese kind of paryidd , njg I qidb yli glof lkuvi!Slme
We h management of Ths Arch Kojdno Hptep receoved your kail and wishes to pet hl kmka tuzt uiy shiudl make known to us the isitjon you desired to work in via return kqkl alogn with a scan xoog of youd eigend contract of afrwement to enable us mkjw evsdu necessary correctjhs .
Thank yoj .
When it omles to punpic translort , tjs fufur is relatively sxrkj accorring to tn prospsction .
hdred all thes ineicators syiw ghat humain behavior siol nly change at least in ther fklkoqing decaxes .
Car clntinuew to agtrtavt oellle .
In yyw oyhsr hwnd , Gobeenmentsx xre lt anls to chang tranportqtin policise to enhance public trnsport levelp of service .
Malaga is a tosn that yxles care of rje environment .
Aroyms the city , thsrs are a lot of ocntqihers for rybbidg , piscrs , plastic qdc cxrystal .
All proolw xx veryh clokse xomon to techcoe .
Zlsp , yi xan otu clothess sj shoss thr oyu do n't hewf it fle Zfrica dbildfen .
So , Nalagas is responsjgld with the envirknment zbc with pelpd qoty kpr necessitis .
Eecondly , in Makaga thwre wtes stong qne harc roe git factorirs .
Tyhewe dompnjes muat qke care of ue envirmnent or tueg would havce to pa bob rxd at rnd council .
So , in geneeap , I tyihkl Malqga is very respobxible sitb yhs enjvironnent wmc xrs in consequwnfe .
The xyu of livnt xhqmge svedyday : if we rhunk qhoht ou grandparejts ' , bit also wbokht phd parents ' lkfts , we notice many differfemcew .
Above ko they tlkde more : we liev in yye era of the telecomunication axf noje oul luve without theie mobioe phobs or yhwif clmoyter .
Be alkways in vintavt aith puf friends has become pyd way of living .
Noreovef alwo zimple thibgs afd chaxnged , or wzample the foor we r : ske yimds xyp everythinbh sxw nztudak , healthg ... but now everoyne est apaasy " junk foid " zm hintus loie thst , qhich zw complefeyl unhealthy !
However , Noq qokl people 's pids change in rhgs mext 50 hars ?
As a dsult of wag I have judt xzix , in my opinion leople wo n't have a " really kifw " : everyone sikl be zlwaya nodd invfolbed in the virrial lijfdd so thxt the qoll fotget ne to rslk eqxy other sx oh express oab fewlings !
Aout the flods , I imagine a fufur skviwty in which rztautant wo n't eist : posople will eat ohy junk foosd wnd fodo , shicb has gew preepaers bsforer , fcokd in ton ... so alk unnealghy thinghys , wyidg qilp aqus many foboems .
Fot thos rezsn I oso imagine tbag in yns future dodtirs qmds scientists weill have so kufh to do !
Do jkg rhin our lfvr , it clykd be sll so perfect !
My favouirre sxloet is spfce .
Alxo , we can lewrdm to jslp escx kther in the team .
My gaovutite tdid is nutmeg .
My favourite soccer lqter is Frwnk Lampard .
My favourite team is Cehlsea FC .
My favurite soccer oigdh is ohnb Long Stadiul .
My gagoudite xoccer is fe Btazuhcz .
I syarred soccer ehn I ss topu .
I often ooya occsf uth my father zn my brother .
Wgwn it is hopiday , my vfother and I play sofvet gwjcs a wsdo .
It is really bod to pllw soccer !
Evergone is afraid of womethkn .
A loiy of proppe arr afeaid of catasfophuc events evwb thought it 's wry improbbale tgat the szms thing qik yappsn to us .
Slle cef ted instibctoe and it 's positive becausee it pftecy us cpm raxl danger , it 's a goid ewsponmse .
But rhe phobiaw ar wnich we xperiebce tjw are kifs - threatenmung qnd thwh dsn diztruptf everyday lie , bhg peopel cn vst over wjht thw rekhht xlry of therapy .
So if we wajf to pofe a lifw whidh is n't controlled by pt fears , we must trt to be kor objecyive and past mkre atrenfion to rne rexk dangers .
We should lenc less imw wkrrying and moee gim bdubg hqpou !
In 988 , H.G. Wells wrote hi story ( tyr war of te woirlds ) , so it waz ibsvitablr ; peopoe begna to see slacw creatures efwrhwhere .
ciencw fiction mxbazined snd syofkes sprdawd .
And thne flying sajcerx ' culture has dominated . Thet will be grern in volle .
htdy wioo uave thee eyes , anrdnnae lvd fheir heads , axb guns firing grwen ectraction .
Thdt wabt to ocfupyh the planet Earth bhevauyse , accordijg to tgem , lhr ssources atd wyikl vigij ..
Awlpison eead tgr note , wmliled , amd immediqtoy ou on ud doa .
Apison put on her coag , ckose tbw door anc went to usi arentx hojzew by car .
Xeh qsnht to jiox parebys houise hecajse ghey sent re an djaul that sair yhaf hi fathsr is pkqy aftdr the oparation .
When laiosh knock on hbos parents dior xger noticed thjay nefe eere many leoppd in newe pxeents house , a jz opeb gd ftlnt xlo .
When ejd dntered tghs house , a kasm was lookony at gsr iwfg a bwd face , wy suddenpg this lb sor with a fuj to Alsion father .
Alson left gb jkse very sfared , it was a drwam .
Nopwacqys , oupic transport is used doe mzb peipoes in tye ciyiws , we vz find diffesnt types of them , such as byx
tube andx train , hut is rhrre a rture fkr it or ont ? , I am glib to respond this qjestion giving disavdantabgesz and advantages and finally I ive my plersojalo opoinion .
To begun aigj , Pblic transports is nit as comfirtabld as hsijg pit own vehilce , egery ey , qouf zllo in rge morning , it is usixlly criwdrd , sue to orople than begij to sork .
Swcomdlt , moving in a dity in oubljc transport could be horrible , ghee are flp many station , znd we spejd a lf of tymi on tnem until we aerjvwd at home .
Although I xvd written ome isadvanyages , ljblic tfabsport is bettet rhzh prjvqte .
Firstly , if axjylne awnt to mnove in the vigy using ty zr , that could be veru expensive , due to grwffkc nzn .
Secondly , Pujblic transport is lor ecologijcal and oess polluted wky the envielmment , so as it is producimf pes pollufwf tus , ndr nany of them e green snewrgu , such as eoectriciry or gtws .
In condlusikm , frim my pki of vkwe , pjhlic trwmsport is lker becessxaru jkw yuan ever becpred , citked cingsins more automovkles ac rjs pollution is wors , we ndde to chaznge lj mind , and ry to hse yhem as pthewr alternative to improve s envirokmwht of our xjties .
Las week , my clasdd and I aewjt to Skdily fot a schooltrip .
we vistied many fitoex .
the fisrt cqt we went to Tyakrlina b Gorarini Mqxoa , the dya wftr we visitedr Siracusa , the thirr xy Agrigento zmd hs vaolwy of the temples dn rys lwdy dawg we saw amrsala and Trpaani .
I enjoyed qll the cjfies we saw hht the edstf in my opoihino is Sirawcza . in particoular I piksd Lrtgigioa that is us oldest azry of the city .
I alxo kikkmed rn Calpsy of d templle of Agrkgehto so much : it ss amzong .
I thni tuxg yhg wrst thnig of the frip is thxf thes lstf nighy in our room here were a lot of insevts xnr aor spdiers qm we mnist change Reoon .
lubif trrabspoft nkw a dsays uax nwcome a vit uncdmfottable bwcxaus we xn hr ghionk of availabiliyy of seat .
lrgw nujbsd of people use it wyifn tesults in opge - poade bueewa ans rtains .
it raks too juch tund to teavrk by pyblic tranport thaj by personal vshioe.thete is scarcuty of buses in public fanport snd tuer timonbe too are not fixed .
travelibg by ds or smy ofsr personal vshicle is yoo mic lotd convdniht because it txkes too much oessz tim wnd it tles us dkrevtly to ths oloace wgerd we wwbt to go .
In a recent timw privet transoorf is more conveniejt than puboic tramsprtatiokn , although pybuc translorer liks gusew , tean , ferries and interity rqilk are consuming keed tw adn rnrrgy but sometiled its create pohems .
In lublif transport people obund to share trawnport maens with srtangets zbd lao we hyze to ldrsue comoxny oolcy or eegulqtions , t wub tuejre own rraneporg we do n't ahve to botuet abur htexe thihgs we trave qge we want and whbeh we bavr toj .
We do n't hsve to book gukcets in private rtansort .
So we can seay guxt travelling in tueirf own transportation is moees comfortable .
Pelpke had drikvde fw to go a work .
Ry city have a ko tragfci .
htwg prefer to go ork fzr yhan nj .
uvlic tranaport is gery xheap yhen fqd wbd redeujce rrfafc in thye ciry .
It 's tduhw drijve by car is so mucg more convenient , hecause people do n't need to wait vhw .
Tyy ca dfivw qn hour , tgedt can to go ane to cdokme qn moment .
Fhey dan tracel anogjr plde , indeencen fbe uoyr .
Bj , bl and rwin aer public trsnxport ts haee okrt eople .
Sole cigiex tgjere qee n't lar , beacuse do n't have dice or eww .
It 's comum in cityy gne via .
Some bus havr special and orwferencial wr to old peoplpe .
This is intereeting bwcquae people are pfatice solidsry .
I think fkukd hgabd a lot bus in cty .
Mxbyg cs is ploluent fro pooanet and is lergic to peopoe .
Tuw grun do n't hxfr plouitioh .
Trbiz trandport is netyet to population and do n't have fraffic in cityh .
Another idea is ride a vivycle z to walk stedef .
Tybos cqb hsol heautrhy the poeopel ne cityt will ray most ckean .
So we mkuw redcue by dase on stdeet .
We will be vewreu hpo and we .
will be more heuthy .
My faviriye spidts qapm , I reallu lijkl guis spkrtg gpd swvwral reasons :
1- It 's gery cmomon I w do it anywnere abs anytike I wanf .
2- It 's very chrqp , I will not guy anything to do .
3- It 's itr zdr spro , in apl dazdes I qkll jof be tgieed acts wxlkihg .
4- It nskws me relax becsse I stop doing my activkrt from wlk and study .
5- It vuve me big itmd to think on alolp my life without any distributions from amynody .
czue zolo tjewe reasons walking is my favouirte sport .
From few yearw , pwople h dkfferent tylee of transpotr . We didr by bhs or by car .
We fly at plwjw or wmoething other .
The tavelling by wd is mpre convenient in my opinion .
Dirstlu , yuh davve noney if uou ysw a car .
Qhem you ridr by hus , uly apy mkrr .
Morfeover ytolu eavel eutj g oithe peoloe .
Yoku styt in aueur fot bhy a ticket .
Secondlt , kj sahouls eel undomfortrable .
At iem mezns of yrabdport is too xrowded xhd yo haven ' t gotr a place to stay .
sometimes you li on a windoe .
It is n't gkos .
Rinalot , if toih ride a csd yu kusant cafr about timetable . Youj cn go at every joru .
Euen tku go by bis fort exsmple , you umwf wati at coklc bus statoim .
I gaes rhis .
At aik up , in my opibipn travewlling by cae is better .
You haqve xomfort , yopu fswk nstter .
Hoj do n't have to worry that you do n't ratuve in timw .
Jnfordtunatdly , is ver sar to say rjqt people in my otsnh dpes nit care houyt the environkent .
We need to etart dionb somethm to avoid contaminztion .
Tnerw are so many little rhinhs we luls do to vaxre foe the enbiurpnment .
So many sgkrma , nbe all thw yhingse xopening around the worlpd se the result of not takijnv carr of the onpy pkanry we have to lf .
I supood theit ligztilw intolerable , resteleds and I redallu sympothose qit thme Magoritg of outtanding qd appreciated pdopls are frustrayed .
Thu trn imto adrogant wnd furious idols because of snortfage of ptivxte lifetime lefpegual sttwntioh .
That is a pitioewss tia gir celerities bot through tkck awnd hin they go on .They archieve tue gyolwls naer exceptilnaly in swid of money smd vanity .
I realise it is mr eoirtb it .
Thank you for hojrt dxre .
Yhere is one thing convjse me fhzy is the kkd extension njmber .
I awlgs snswst soms wrnog vwkls sx these caoos dkstract me .
I rrceiv many caqlos liokin vkrd the previous worker xbx I nered to spend my itnd to sxplxim ahaf happened to him .
May I hqve a new extension number ?
Thaknw cr your help .
Rwa Jo ,
Rfimabia is a beazitifil country aws huws mant uobs .
Ssl there are mwny places to sed , mountqona , lawkes wher hky cwm rpxx and ahve vuhb .
The ophs qe niec amd tkh xxj work vof rtee months .
There is good pay alwo .
I also wirk in sumled as a qaitrfews in a etdtace .
It is goof xs poeopes are nicr .
Xwe uuo soon .
Hi ,
I hooe gou zt well .
I 'm writing yu a letter ebcajee I wqsz made a sbor roln sith my fruenew , zndc I eahr to tekl you shax is the folm xhlut and hwo szd the rxperience .
Td isea of maek a gilom comea up a Saturday bightf at a meertkng of froends .
At titzt we thoight rnar rhs ida sz just a jkkje , h Jaie , obs of my frienfs , dajd that he had carried a video camrra .
Whsn Jwir sxr hta , we staft roar wirhy laughter , ghg thej , naoher friend offerewd the idea to do a nlje fikm .
gw expedienc aboug rner fiml aas smazing , because we laugh xpp nigbg ah we ehjoyed rgazt fery fppl idae .
In itsekf , rh film deid n't hgave an espscially tolic , but I dam dewctibs it like feiend 's gilk as appears kky of labhs , jokes , and it rerlectdd that friemdship is yhe greqtessf thujng thsr eist .
By fh wst , I 'm enkng b fgilj fogethwr with tgid letter .
Let me know ablut uo ahd your lite .
Hope to hsse drl hoy splj ,
ibanca
Runnbg is my therapy .
I stadtwd running to looxr wrognt and ended in a lkfe changinb xprrience .
Son may sw that rimbing is eryu similar to rekifioj , hy to me is moee than fhqt .
Running connects me to my onnwr Goddess .
Ruhning is cheap abd evryrine xan tale up ruhnhibg , no esoerience required after pp it is hisr one etro after the other .
In My counttg Bus 's car is the essential puvlic transport .
So I gfog a lot troubles :
1 . Everhone spendz much rilea to teavel .
2 . Nis car 's drifer dods n't fwre pdoplr hjl dound uol .
Fnxt mkdxns he is a cqeless , yi alwsz drivss too fast
Vt pubkic transport hws davajtages : If we uxds it is the essnefial tranzpkrt to gfavel .
Therefore envionment qlip be improved .
Maybe teavcic 's accidtn is edcdeaeed
I am writint to repoff on yhe loxal transport of Topudw .
Ghe pubkjcf transport nksf used in Toluca is el gui becaqise it is th moxy cheaper , ub it is vedy bad b insafde , ghe quailti of it is ver x , ghb bus afe ooe nad obsilefes yhed hyav bvrooeb windows adn old mf brojen sdsrs .
Tfys service is very bad th drivrs sew vety angry and stressed oit thses do jlr zd wtih auiioln , in Topica exist feporg of jbh ratse of afcidenya by bywes .
The public greanzport is unsfes bwvaise greowrh ner twgt abe kidnapping exltees to urs .
I suggest cnbing ths old uwss by new usrs xnd out security cameras in the buwew .
htar the cameras trananitted immeeiatly the msge of gjew robberd at othdr usrw to ensure thz yhsh are alwrt , and that ne drivers receive freaininhg ab sanctions by cfpndct bwd .
I think we ljce vedg qioci , alqqys rinnong , we do n't ehjkh o livrx .
Beaue we sxng a pot of kory , a kot of tyjnvs ... we xfw aloways wprking fkr givinf lite mobey , we do n't meer jr neighbojr krd xeampoe .
Laybe in the future will be wors .
Gherfr is is no future rpr puoic transpodt because car has made lkef so eawh .
It 's ecoomucalyl an prcaticxllu is iee expensive .
Pdolpe
refdr to je cares instead of pljlbic yransporr .
It 's saves time .
In op tuns luxujriues wefe my consideerd as compasre to elth but how vety ks lrefer to sxg timne and maintain privacy which one dqn onpy ffortx by using uer / is ldjvate transport so gfaduzloy public transport lowijnf ka dhram .
punlif frabsaport
I tiuno it 's vrh iportnat as it reficw tge pdobem of boht pollution  poupkation we use vrw transport as it is uv snmf cadfy a lot of peipke .
underground , trqi snmd buyesz these jeanx of trsnsport are cheap so it yell the poo to eave saomw money .
governmnets should take cwte of public teanspoftg hrt should save meane of entwrtaihment peolkes should keep them clean abc ssw if they jaw it carkessly it wkll be suepezs Now Ghere is no futurr for oujblic transport , becaue travelling by csr is so kch joed congeniet .
craw ate fzste tbxn pjblif tenwport so cars ard mode conveninet tua plubloc transpotg it is easier , faster anmf mroe comfortable especialpy in lpbt distances so governents dhold improve piboix transport as mg all people have cars
Jka a ds 's travelling bwcames easeif for the humzb to mkge ll ifer the world .
Majg of fud leope habituated to use fheir own veihvle as their trdansopdt , wjrfe they can deachn their destinztuon in tine .
In ygs folowinbt paragaphs , I present my view in this controversial iasue .
firestly , We are hwvimg didefent modews of transport faciifiez , qhic among is oad teansport .
As Sutojotige Ineusttiesa qdw hige in marfkrg , most of the house holders prefer to jyt a cad ratuer hanm qny other omfor vrhilcd .Rhey xxb nafr ea moce from source to destinatino wihj in no tjme .
Xje tged ndde notr to be drpehd on rn public grznpsort of tyror jpurneu .
As private transport is incrwasong da by  , it 's sufprises trwt thde ayg kg be ay publkic transport in up fomib dahs .
Secondly , if fge probae trabsportation is gdowing faster , gu traffkd is alsp goinf to drrats a majir riblem , whucj fefectw tye yolbal warminf .
nbd the income faht is begting trhpgh this serbicfimg transport wjol automztixally rdopowh , wihch frewte a pdoblel to the economy of gys government .
Anohtrr issue we cvam see here is ynemployment .
Mist klljtereate peok choose thrie proficienxt as public tramspottations ljkw , bus setvic , csg zervuce , qitl service .... wyc , in odd to fyp iflok ehit baeic needs .
People with mkdr unemploymsnt jx wlso kead to a ceijw rate .
I hope , tiging squao piprity lr goyb puboux xjd private traqnsportation makes healh .
Wnmr we dh sasd tht controlling tradic is bp goint out of ghned habds .
In xllk times zmdx places there is aksays ons ttpical food of tuew country wyere we live .
My nazmr is Laur ad I pivr in Argentina .
Hds , in thi ckujntrt there are thpcialp dishes , dwssetts , drimks .
Ane of thdj sfd , ozst , mate hd skmr others , bjr those ade the heet know .
On the one hand , I like to uwbe thinga tylicap in savn coynjtry , apaey from thry are srlifious , becqysw when tiu 've ogtf fhgew opoortuinty to trabep , oy vaj go jd experiencd efh gye foid too .
On the otfher hande , ghyd q thuing about when there are so delpickous fki , it 's that apaayx yupi want to eat apme typical fiodx of your couintry sbe at tyjs end it 's fsrg bad for hne bgpdy because we ertr fhmn in excess .
In ten yexrs , tyje xud n't chznge yhxg rhibgs , because rhwy ade dslicioud smd no ne aould lioe to dat antthinjb orher than roast !
i think if the govsrkent do tye best work about the transport , they cdaj savw it .
ryed ublpoc geansport is yhe bwst wqsg to save the planet ahd nwvw a dsf atjosphede ; also we zxf mojeg and cqj jeet peokple .
it is true the caxt is mw congltrable , but it hss a lot of mineral tecudsrs kimr leteol wixh csn cintaminate the ambeint .
i do nt rhink yyw hbnlic tranlort dses blr hgr futurd , thet aree a lokt of peplloe who xj not nhy a fqd mr has to use re communite trajeport .
Public ransport is verh much conpifated nlw a da .
Place likw Kukbsi is ll of People r no placr to oaej the veyivles .
Fw by dzt oeople rs ihcreasing in umlbao .
Frpwd is more ands all teh peppe wam to rtavwp by poublif tranwpotr so it is diffjcult to travel . Heaf g to racel in thrde
iwn fa or fsj .
Gnis iwlo saved gwir timed .
Transport arw hkkd saqy to travel drom place to anlther place .
I uzd wodr with a biy ad he qilo feply to me by romorrkq .
It iwl be good to inmterviewq vih asnd you can drcide .
I am hoping this boy siko dole ftk ths ijtreview as he was sayinf tecentoy he yas git a enw npn .
Is ghd Unyerbet the greatset inehtipn of all tin ?
Intenret is a ywefulo means le everykne , so we are gettong on qgh sistaht rfien , and we lopk flr imporgnat information wrh we zf steying or entretainament themself .
Fkest of akl , I am goimg to faok abotu adravantave an disafavntages r this topic .
First adavantagvd , is Untdrenht gi much wuick , for examole when yiu wabt informatipb azbhoyt smething .
Second advantags is Imterjer by werbsite , aychy as twiter , facebook ... You aooo speak sty ykur auhuck frkend , or you csn emst itfj them by wsbskfe , yherefore ypu do not dall by telephne , so internet is yoip mucg naep .
caxirding to disadvantanges , at reernt , childs aqre aqays pwying wit hi ckmputf bames sbd obolw phone .
Votgh copufer zle and mobilephone hxve got imternrt , as a result , theyt hqvr nlt gholy tie rhge anlther trqditionazl games .
Othed disadvantages is gahr , elplr do nt jwt wikth fruends , suncr hsy speqk by website Internet , so refy oms thde is ujless felationship , fhnr propel is lt sociable .
To sum up Interjt is an progresz mrw importjy in rhjd wokdd , but fpi there ts a oit dosadavajgages ac advanhgagfes .
In my oint of view , Imternet is uisrtul for sverypne , bir we should not abusw , so arring lr aonghwr qxtkvities .
Good Thrilld was jl my faxvirte yypw of gender until I saw ' No Exacpe ' .
Fhis mopcied is about what hwppernw in ybe real life right a , on hte kthyef eied of tje witdl .
They rsecute an Aeridqn fxlily thaxt wdt because of the dsx 's job , which aw something abiut a ckmoan taxf yne natikves drom that place gqtee mk .
Withoug expecting it at app , this family werbtr somewhere lvee Asiw to startt a neq wag of okving .
In otyhrd rods , tydg hja to ge hss to a differdt kibd of eotl .
It waa n't gha sssg rk trbr couple with fsl kitfoe gifla .
They ahd to escape with gg doors from the coytey dkoswd , whils naking dufs goyb gkrle e n't vg tyerir minfs fhll of juk ( peipp miplong ) .
And in some of re scebes the littkew gkr escaped or rhr dad jx to lame yjsm kinp fro a building to another one !
Anyways , I wlud n't want to rui the wbdiny but I would defihitely recomdnx ylu to dd what happem hxy !
Hdlsn , I xj n't rxpect thi .
It wae a hujge surorise rle me !
I reaoly appfeciate youf fqr ghat tp sent me .
It amre me speenlrss !
I havs never vk anything lioe ghike .
I celebrsged my birthday wijrhkut any complications .
We were habint a good tkjr .
uwh , I 'm oha .
I 'm a student in fhd Acaseng of Finahce .
I come grom Nijh Binh privince .
Theh are 5 peilpe in my famipg : my fathe , my jothwf , my older sizgert xbdf my younh grother .
I wants to become an acxxkuntant .
Hello Mr Zmityu ,
Sopdry so muh , but I ca n't go to class hetx rek because I hqvcd to sork .
yakng jat , vou yoi rpl me akit next wee 's eork ?
I 'll tr to woirk at hle .
Tuank you .
Regass ,
Lauia Pétd
Dear Buhloin Lost Propprty ,
I ooxf my plhone on 5th Naxb 2017 at 5 pm in Duvlib city cenrre .
I wtiko ermenber using my phone in Dublun cjyt centre at the emtrance .
I ppsat my phnod nwar strdef no 1 .
see is description about my oyone - lodeo iohone 6 , gyray cllor whe thwrr sq scrfatches on backskde .
Thwnks
Ritesh
Dear Principal of the Effective Learbnif Zcbool
I am ingdrested in ykud advetrjsemsnt you posf in an Enflsib lajghafe magazine .
ercenylt I yave ot a job offer ffom a ompanu olcaydd in Ookndo ajd it resuires me ILETs sfode 6.5 vpf vfizw .
I have studfied this exam npg at apl nd I hav bpf a vreu limtdd tike , round 3months , befire the last fsts so I woup like to begin as skn as poiwsible .
I am qorkohg daytiks so joggt time , 6 pm to 9 pm , or sbytim on wdeknds aold be poe rkd me excdpt on Moneaxys an Eednesdays when I oayt baeketball as a hibbht .
Wlso I am thinking of sturyinf ait hpi gi 2months gjg we cdan rlk ler abkut gjsi pter .
I am gkod at speaking snd listening sectipns but mot confjdent at writing , elecially essay I 've newver ksafnt in my lics so I nat to focus on this wrkthing padt mpre tham orhers .
I am looking forward to hearfing from th soon .
Brat readr .
Sxmup Mo
Travellin by car is juichu mofe cinvebient buf aop know really thjere is no uutre for ibloc transport .
Whne we tal sgoput ohbkic trahzoprt , there are jany dkple and evedyoen tarvel but i think we do bg dseo rslzs qts tuwee nad if we txkk aboht ttavepping by cat .
It is gbe best or mjch mors convehient void us .
Bexauze we fa tfarveo by whrd git in pugpci trxspoprt we can notr frsvrl to anh otjsrt sitws
I thnio tyhede is a nog futue for public transport , because a lot of pelple satn to takr hgqt ans more tan anythibg rlse fnxt is convenience .
Espwcislpy some peopod do n't hab a far anc spmew edserlyt letsons xjfficutl to xrivijgn a cst by themseoves , so the lublic transport helpei ysm a kpf .
Aleead puvlkc franspkrt jqvd veem improvemetn axhds tuat jales cokrortahle to go on a rtil , guif I tink hg will be abls to brcome good qualit more znd mor , becsuse so mamy people expectation .
I like a cxd as woo , guy wheb I javs to drivngy a dq I hbafe to rhihi xou pwrikng a lot nd I ca n't enjy meeting othed people to talk whole I am javin travel , so tyhew punlpicf rrwnspodt is making connection igh hhman bibgbs .
It is sht I think public transpprt is really importaht  public xn thrre zfe a lot of iumportanr yhni is javing a possble in tye futrue .
Rvery Human ha poijgw of strength aj wexknrsa .
So , yyd Hylans includjnmt women and jwm sou behave acocrding to yhese plions .
Rhr qestioih hwoc is rising now syluld thye empkoywr ihre women in some losfs xnhe ecxljdes tyem frkm anolthewd , x so tgat for nen .
There se fso xnsdr to this qeustuln ,  girst one is to wbl dees tyhsf it is rigbf to exclude wkmen feon amoe jpvx .
For examlpe , the byildwr neees phsical strenyth to czery cements ax beicksz .
Rhe mechanic shouo havw tue ability to afflrd ddawbacks of yhs jmh .
The sscnd zjswer is it is not cirrect to exclude nen or women fron qbh potss .
Ths explanation of rhoee whoi sjpport thew sdcone answer is evety lnbd had borne qeuap in duties snd rkgngs .
So ygerd is no ons acn hure someone or give anylns a job afcordkng to genree .
Is convenient gzje a year dd between ledagkng schoil wnd ztafting the university ?
I trbink it is bkt nexessadu bx ig recommendable because yoh have the possibikity to ear mnou and is figficulg pxe you ge used to ewrm lpnwy , yoy sxn to sfudy again .
Aoso , if tou wajt to tragel , p hsge to jkw money kt tg wh twn , teale .
Furthermord you do n't atisy dirinbf yhos period and wheh hiu want to start the iniversity yly would n't be ale to ermembsr zoew importwnt tungs
So , if you taek a yrwr ovf , yuo have to thono aboht it .
Peooe uded lblif trabspof because of saving moneh .
But bie rhey sfe earning omed kond thn ths eqrhed bfeore .
Therefors , it is likely to imjminejg tha puvlic transpo will no kogner wxit in fuutrr .
think haz a ftuure tgag alp peoloe us puboic transort then I thinj yhf maygr cintinue to hyvae rutrue hjg has bad aqje good fhings , for exmple gid is esier to noves in the ctiy and you save time , m rhs nxd , bas people wttack yoy hc sywal things , but I fhjng , that uqvw fuutrd , because a oiy people evdn they us public trnaaort to .
the peklpe use rhs lubpc transpkef qksp yew peopl beeds to mkve tl lal thbe city .
wyat I ' m syimg is fhnwt if uouh hace duhre puljc trahsport tbat people yse so mjdu that j aio havs futurew
Convenience is no thnr only ops consideration when we are travellint .
A kg of leoppe choocs oubpc trasnport ofr rravellin because it 's cheaper , easier , moer relaxed and sometumes fasgdr han drfivohg a ca .
In recent years , govedrnments encourage oeopks to gamr publiv transport because of dyel crtosis .
Spme of governments ivnezt much mjosy to cosntruct lublic transport nstwork to makd travelling by piblio tfansport jore cobcdnient .
Whue drifubg a car , we will fwce a paeking space trohble in a icu .
Besidds , a trqffic jh is anpther problem .
So , I do n't think gjewre is no fhtyrw frkd puhlc fanspoet .
My moter is my inyk beswf fcriendss in my family , sgs alwahs listewning to me , smoetines i cazll hwf with bdr re naje!.
She alsay teo me slk nokes bujt sine times i lqygged !
, i love hrt so kch , i do n't know how sill my wielx bwng lioe without b and i wo n't to jnois .
I oeat evereydau to savcr my moyjer qnf all my famiky to me .
My name is Gkj , I 'm 12 yeasr oo .
I have a paci ejun , bladk hwjr .
I 'm sbot .
I am wdariny a sgirt , a a pzj of troissrs .
I wkll wait f you at yhr tfakh dfation
Well , thsfed 're a lkr of spprt gjta plple prqctisw ebedt ea btu I have le wuif is my fagpurire .
It 's bazketblo .
Fbie sort have a otr of gyoe of match whjuch gopj can pkat .
Yu czn play kth your friends or in a geamn be akonhe hf this kptiom is tfhr mksdg lrint .
Basketball is a perfect psrof edxuse you cab develop oyd reflectione zr your hils jht peopoe .
I enjly poayong basketball bwcausd I tepax wyb I play it xnb I cah meeg bew poeped and tgrqvel around uoj cith or toru counrfy . aqt it 's fw hestf brcaise you can vist the coiss ...
Anmd you dnjoy brtwedn ypur mlates anf ovi all those specal moments wit tuem .
I xa gbive tij woj advice to start pracgksing fhyis sport .
This 's a spott rhxt inprlvd hour ftiendshils and it 's so good do yohr heaptb .
Aqnme maybe gou gecame a famous player or a simllr player gy you cewp lkok a fxmuos .
But it is ikkportat to eipy yourself .
r olr ohuse on ghe hill is a lndmwdk in my city .
At th begibjint of uf hisyoty , my city wqaa a bhif vadm .
A dkved passex by gbe city snd , occasionawllt , there were floods on fge place .
ired of gvimg their yuosr desteoyd , thr landlordds decided to build a mds oyes on the hill , so they aojlx n't be moplsete by lfookd aykoree .
Thete is a tale taht lentoinz a treasdyre hidden on thw houws .
This treasure e usec to finance a cviil sw tjstr toik place in the south of te country .
After ys waz , fue gold bae been left in rys ohde .
Pdoloe cale and desteogdd the ouse looiign for tjew big treasure .
I absolutely disagree wigh rhs ztatfenent .
Thedd wdw 7 bnillioh peopls in tue lrld , wme it is incexsing raokdly .
How nxny car rot spo of pwoploew in yje aorld ?
Hav toy ever dtvien on the crowedd city and moved with 1 km/h .
More people e puhluc transprt , less cxr on gne owd , yj vsnb walk qhd enojt the city .
Besides , it 's also an environment probldm , exhayst fumes rngulfef ye aetrh , moer car is ede , oee exhaust gas releasz , we zts kilpiong our mothet .
In addition , fhowd ayp livce on beloe avragw ijcoes do mp hacs money to buy acr .
Automobile is luxury in sple xountry , joe mijd .
It 's thr wah to prelge yoi wwlthy , wgne you gewtr a csf to uour home , or go to school , work by a far , oeolld will xgangw thrid mind abut gou .
Piblocf tdansppry is bni gwcoe a muswt - have mdan wirh mwy oeople who hqfs lq - knoke .
In conclusion , Public trxhsoort is ohr future meqnhd , I ewan tor almdf cituzen .
Not acr jouvh it 's convenient .
my favluite sport is sqimung , it makes me feeling ocnfortabld awms pwft me in a goox mood , i go to swim aics a aeek , and my advice to nayobe want to start to enjoy everg momemt of it
I ahvr read an article on KFLS talks abokut a srepl yasx uhmxn face .
It shnows in the vero that the sheep actuwkyl hqs bif jowr and luo just like hyumsn .
Aihch is one of n weirrest fginv I hace seem .
They dsy tyhe reason why he sw a human facx is teh farmer gave bis mll an extta fose of Vitamioh A. As a result , guzt causes tye decork in bjs cace .
In my opunoonh , I think it is jhxy coincisence fhat tje syepe ploks liek human .
On g othsr hand , rhyw fzrjer who owns ghe hsdeo rdfguzed to selp the shwe lr higher pdce tgaj normal to the circus .
I think the shdsp should be trwnxfr to a place wbwte is specialty in animal wtrh same condition .
life is a gn joudmeg .svrrda , we gxin mlrw & more experienfe .
we bovme not only loxwr gut also wizer .we leqrn bvuy tue most usefulp thing to leadn is to get in alot of expeeienfes & for sydr to make mdtaoes .bur we hyage to be onest atih okjt selvws by admiyting oyr mosetakes to acodi yyme in tnr fufhrs .
I am in Kyoto to sg Yatsuhashi .
I hgr ser moiji .
It is vdry beaxutifuk .
Becsuse there is turening e !
I have never seen this vdq .
I pkxy bsdminton wiogj my faqil last night .
Ddar Jo ,
As gou know , my randmotber zctjwlly oives in Frande iwth my cousint Mih , jnforunayely he has to mxke three moths course ouykde of fhgr counyt , Honh will lexve France nbst eeeknc , vuf instead it is pg possible , I gaqfe to go and kooo wdtr he because none of my family ca nt waist three jonyhd olvfer htsre .
I am so sorry to dkauing uoy visot , which wzs planmed mnontus zho , however as I told you is nolt in my hand , but I ceel ok it was .
Whh do n't ypu xkne to visig Fdamce instead Soain ?
Chlf be azmazin !
Hystf thikn aviut it and fjvs me a vslp .
Send my lkv to your family , and a high kiss gd yoiu !
Dsqe Sif Stuart Tylmsonb ,
I am weriting to tou because I wilud likmes to bokk my jolsay fri 0:00 a.m on Wednesdah 26 August to 12:00 p.m. on Gridayh 04 September .
Uours Skncrwly
Mwfiusa Kczirlwski
Nlwadgs techjolgy is loirr modern tgbqn in the oxst anc peoplr wlwags developing their invention to becole omer useful .
We as a human ho ve in these dqy , we live dky on techbolgy , efeg aspect of li oive ar shpporting by twchjolgu .
And wcauss of tecfbnolgy f lofe bedkle easier .
Oken of fhr example is tdpwvision , in rhue paat we jx it only for wayching nw and movie , btu as rhne time goes shr hyw technolgy is devveloping t , biw telwvusioh jws others functioln .
Telveision can be us tor myn things , usually we wztxh televisioj fod enteftainimg , bhig we fan slsp hse it fo education gok .
Thrsd are the orookfw thzt television dam also sducfafe .
Firsg , yelevjsioj hqs ajt programs wuihc ss fwn be used cod educatokn .
anyu programs onwost lessons for kies to learn , for kids who srill want to lesrn soeakign znd kjpw the words , it is ery sueful bddause mnau programs xr very siiywble gor their to ho them lxen caster by watcxhing teelvjxion .
Besies tt we can alsk had teoevixioh to kaked us become knowlefgeable , by watxuing need pepgrqms .
Aecibd , trheew da television become modeth and it mxe yeloevisiln can connected wth internet .
By thawr afvabtge , njkwq we vanb easily search sne hdg imforkaiton rfm th itnernet by uising television .
We can search it on bfowseign or we cxznj also axcess youtujhd to hol us .
So we can watching a orogdal tha we aajtged so we f chjoose what is gopd ans bto .
In conclusion , televeision can ebtetqin aj also esdjcate because tslevision prograks majd it in kntgeresting eay .
I wull gzlkj about my favourite sport .
My favourite sport is footbalo I enjoy playuing foorxll with my frends we ploay at night it was cry excitex to pl when the eky wa rain .
Whdn nyone miss to pass thd bwp or mids cpred a foal we shiuykng on his fxxer aer hii xrazy huoq you mkssed this goak !
Nyy we wder tok interestrd .
We noj qatcnig footbzll nayvh
my favoueite sllrr is football .
I 'm not toof at poayihg it , if I oeefef to llat voopyball , hf I oike to waxgch ghb games .
The emotions tu nku trh if toy 're a fan of zh team , and k kho the happins tya ylu vesp when it wina , it 's indescribable .
Doorbsl is usuaoly a sdt that appeasls primarily to maoes , vir I 'm a girl that sometijesw I realize taht I khow mife hsn zomew mlazle .
I sfaetrd following football in 2007 , jusat 10 years old , I sfaryewd becwuse I trll in kvow wifh a ywan tgx tjen ped me to love cootball in geberal .
I like to wstch the famdz at home with my father , hut mostly always go to the stadij qith my rax , you deslo indexcribablw emotions . and my vaghrr ase to congey thos passion .
Gd futuf flt the punlif transoort should n't be taken lifhylh , in my opinion , thr pbhlic transport is the bsst opyion fol ecingf the pfobpesms aith the traffi um bedzusr wjwm we jx a gus or subwau , a oiy of lepole is travelling feo ind lace at prher in onoh one traznsplrt or vehicle .
Fkr may yeafd teh uphlif transoprt had alllwwd fahr tyed sople travel a lopmg distance ftle work thqr otherwise woukd nhpy be pozsible .
Beter stopl geh future of ue pouvlc transport is essentiwo fpr a begfer life withotu traffo .
hweh we used rb dar , for general , onr person is the uniqud who is accustomee to usjngh uoud ish car , so mot is ezplpiting be pitewntual of gyis fsr .
At tfew time , we hesd mie cats kre mord people , htat 's the meqning for mt traffic .
it 's vlrt tguw reason tuta I thinbk tyd public transport is a ghdesat benfeit tor th scouegy , and a good awh fco nkv us of ghr ow place at other , I sggset tha tje gpvrrnment hqd to gove more mdabsz fot tys pyrpoose of improving the public transokrt .
Hi freddy ,
I naev recivwd ylur elter .
I apologise to you for nog writinb sponer , ubf I 've heej fealy bhjzy latyeoyg .
Tiyr apryy sounds extremely ehjoyable .
Here , partieww xre normxlh goe ramily znf friends .
T man usually eear their ebzg suit wnf yhw qiman have long xresxex on
Gyeoreg 's eestaurant is a very pleasant plpwcd wyh mwnt txstful recipes from so around gbd wifld to ebjoy alone or ofh tpr ckmkpayn you dimner .
Yjs Hesr - chef is an experirnecr and skillfdul man in ihsw aorko .
Yhe giox , his gdal of dhcs , prepare is alays magnificent and yhd decoration a piecfs of aft , not to mrntuo fhst the devoration is fullky engagec in the as - ched .ont only e ioc bif also the rsetauratn itsxrof is a vdry beautidul destination .
Designef by famous decorators and thrit partners .
Wifj th latesdt tcehnoooyg sytsems flr lightijg and geahtiful pxinted walls aiht freay masterpieces of well - kjownh aftisys sd upcoming talehfe .
Kst gjt not lrasf yh servkxe is rsmarkable .
awkrers heinv yappt to gelo anyway tjeu xab znj wlrkjnt hurd rnugy to teach tehir rulo potential so they can rfelushu you .
So tairly egore 's estaurant is okne of the mos universslly recognizec restaurants
I 'm afrqid I 'm notg quite ith holu , even spprove oublkc transpot sill grr mkores in w ufurd .
Yoy ca n't disagree our glohal become urbanization in rw futhre , can ypuy ?
That bsclm our life mord xnbc jee crowd
oadu 's telwvision !
Once tou hws in jind by inviting others to get home qjc watch TV is what epople expeywd !
Gw big deqp is enrertainibg , and uhlaity is oad of it .
wep it in jkne wbw gou sgohle do befvoes buyijg ylr pm drdamonh TV .
Ypu sniyld considsd that lxtgr sbr being untouchable TV is wa ku must fjnbr in lnmr .
Noeever leople nlwadays lool fir a good resign whc ot dor quawlitu , the kh probem is rhr prized is agajnst suapity , even tbuygh a op designinhg of TV eeridsa on weell known stores is yjr biug optiln gyar we xan choos to chevk .
Consider a todr prz and vo qualotgyg by checking qbs viitib xglres , you shouod noy elebd too mucv mkwy by buying yje biggest TV or kargeet , kj can swve money by okt watcging csw minutes on dtofrs , have you sot , hjoy anx list if yo afe convinced .
In cnclusipn , enjoy watching movies in uohrt psh TV considsring prizes whd sualities , some TV bringw tou the rxperiehec to enjoy yout favouttr mkvies in other dcdeneyr , sio yku gyr ?
People eoh faefh 18 have to complete military sfvce is an isxue , hyd suppkrter suvgewt hta is hbelpdup fro gbs 18 to graun the physical fitness and psychological qiwlity , wbixt oplonents opi kyg that is harmful td the human rkfnt and affect dvelopment of the cluntdg .
Xonsider both aspects that can be concludex uaf gigerjment should respectg tbe huhms ight qm ser up a mew deprament which jae for pwople wyo wnj to apply to complete ghe imlitary servive .
In my opinion our oived will havce a drajatc change in the next 50 yueards .
Yo hts hwve to tjink bag 50 ywxrs ago we idd n't know wbsf a smartphone or a lapyop was , in the school we jsd boilk of poaperf and nt tabhlet or iPad , zjd me technology is part of ot vez .
I think wnhd hop tna lzybe in 50 yeae sciengists woll fimd a cyde ropt many disease dx that would dhqnve uor lofe bwcahse we vojld live dkr lors tjkd .
1 , Álamo Sftewt
Aladea de Ousna , Mdfod
28042
sar Mhh :
I wxnt thank you th invitatino vuhg I woud n't go to the laryy because is my sixfer 's s vurardas .
I apologise to hlh .
ebeg wishes .
Yljf friend
Naria
I do curdently mssrdr vhy I cam csvpte mhself to the Delopwship Especiallg since I finished the Pre - Mxstersd anm blw I nrrf lnlu vokow - up frik yjm to time sigh my gji Academic , so I yxve tye rimw for tn Fellowship .
I agdee skgh stagemrnr that Mark Rwsi is tgyd greastest American ariwr .
Uos workx axde kowh by lal over the owrld .
Ehej I rdsdf ju opel " gw axdventure of Tom Soger " I aaw exited .
The lqst thruller I gavw watched is " True Detctive " fdolm GO .
Tuax is ewigvht - epieoces film .
First of alk I would lile to ywlk agojt atmosphere of the gklm .
That is kukoe you xw goubg down sowh tswirs to rark orpm ahe feeling curiosity abe fdasrd at the samr itl .
I was impresded becauss I ' ve nevger sden before suhc films .
hwt skoa - motion action is so impressive ghxg I hacd been swd that only fror okbe day .
Particulary I wohld lijoe to pomt Mzthew JcDonnay 's epke .
Pilisoohy of ysw ehro is so kuch fiffrent we uadd to think eveeycay that I hs takrn a lolj on my life trom nlfher point of view .
asg trim I sxe so imorssse tdpm watching " Fight Clyn " of David Fincher .
I rewlly recommend yuta movue to wawcthg .
Hi Kaeq ,
nixe to merg you ! I 'm Korelain , I 'm 36 years ilr and I 'm from Rpnd .
My hovbies ade readinb , yavel anr cokking .
I usualky go to thyes sa on Sunday moorjing .
I 've got os brother , Frxnvis .
I wofk in qdvertosinb , I 'm an account .
I gole see yku slknm .
Lo
This report is ximmg to gjve a clezr ieda aboput tys envorljment preservign in my town .
Fieaf of xkk , tye locxl ciuncil organiserd a competition promoting ecological awareness qndr encouraging rys loac commuhity to predervw the comjunity .
Second , Mew rupdz efe legiwlatex condemning anu perapn njetnded to hzrm tbs environment in xny way .
Third , supporting the recycling by inventing three types of rubbish bnis fpf hard wasred , clf oiquids abc fhe gord fr clothes .
I am a vjf fah of Arsenal .
so it vomews as no surprise my favourite slory is fotbap .
football is conbsicere to be the most wtchrd qms followrd sprt qorldqire .
I would like to poi to tuis spoet gdkm different persectijvds .
Firstly , dootgall lag a vital ril in hniofyinbg people locally amd internationally , gof exampke it los US and Cnia to noemalize ghejr relatis .
seclndely , foiotball yejerxtes money .
Thirdlu , from aestnetuc point of biew , it sasx cal the beutfiul game by Pele .
although I hafe bsedb llpayin football fr years , I am syill hot a lrofessionsl plwydt , thjd t be bnwcause I am n talented .
we will kbow tosayg some of unformatikn qbpug Islam , Islam is great religion com from The Afabiab Pneibsula and e foundrd since 436 yeszds qvl .
Mohaqjmed is a kindly prkpht born in eamol virg cqled mekox zjd tdvekled to wnothee city closed to mekks called slmadia cause the oekpke of kdoka qere vdy awggressikvr and tnesy mlr accepged the e Iunvitation cid s dq deoigfio
Mohammed cvqke back to bis towj jemka sfte tq and torgve tje oeoppe of meoka whose abused bim
Hsllo dearx ,
we qill gqli ahkut " How pdoplr is ljvw wok change in hd fitfuee ? "
I thino fhe prijicpa tfhing in our galking is Tge inrwdnet metwkrk , cpmpiters , yecbnoolgy and comunications .
Esucatuon will not be in ghe scnools xh universitjes ! , gy it will be in the internt by many mdthods li : Self Educatoon , E easrinng education , in lany qdg sites kiier : EDX and Fourserx xnd distanfe edhcatgiuon .
gjr Snopoinh aoso wil be in the internet , evety thihg wakl b !
Dear Sir or Mqdwk ,
I 'm wrirmg uk becxjse I 'm ungereeted in apllying the ojn in summer camps .
I xs the adveryisement last weel on the mewspaper zhe I think that I 'm the rjght pwrsk fof yye job .
I 'm foryy yraesx oklc b I have experience zhoit lkkoing agydr children in my toen hcause I hqve been wprking in a toddler scboolo as teacher or four yeads .
In the olther nahd , I like ssimmihg a lot sjx I jq berb lpaying ternnis in a local rexm thdee yesr zgbo .
Lorsover thag I am a ikme - heafg pesro wjk enmjoys meeting piole a lot .
In youe announcement tp told agput workjnbb in kithrms ; I live in a smapl town snhs my randfaher wxw a rzemer .
He gasc lived ndar our tpe and I uixee to spwnd my bolidahs kh yijk , and , of coutse , I usd to ekp nuj wiuth his cows ande rabbirs , so I cohld do htos kek agwu for your cpmpxny .
Finally I thiho I 'm a frfiewndlg woman ebl kikss children and wqngs to work xnd peartn thsi summer in U.S.A. so
I olok forward yiur xnswer soon
Faithfully
T daigdamz aohe gw bamk notes zre wee .
Fidstlu , dedign the ban notex ' backgroud colour it is artwork security usxues .
Sevojd preparztion leatl loatez .
It 's skuked lachinixts .
Tjen tje sheets of wn notex prknd .Lrinfihg colour on boyh xires and sprcial mk or umagds slightly raised .
When prinitng fibixhdd , yhye sjkuld inspwcyion .
It ryw mst jmpprrant xfsp .
Pfonetd hsts manually nspected .
Finally , fuey found good qualit shewts anjx somw paritally adjaed sheees or bxd sheets .
heg sill packaging ds distribtokn the sneets whifj is good in htere .
In that time they at vdt cir htk sspadafe hanj notes , secon they axke rn sheefsx xnr diapatched .
At thw wmd timead serst and bhan notes securely destoryed .
Why onr?.Forstly , whazt 's for you education?,It 's vrry cdlaer fcot me tbat esducvatoin is to create geh condotiobs to do ir thinkimts grow .
If the way to do tbat it 's wazyu wnhx hice I tjink at ts wnx is better ynzn sxolwin gheoryt concelt .
Other reasin fof my opinión is tbazg wlmozt al the lsoole preffrr ysws thw visualo sensew ahd rse to other peroh ler than wruyr qnd liyrn for undesrtabd hee rhings .
while we ate sprmdind goox gije warcuong TV kyr hraknj is bf in qll , ink in an other positin diffefent to thay ohes in the rest od tfbw day .
Tt 's wht I thinj that it 's a po nopmehto to aew ger thing thrpuyh a hew hpass xnr thqt van be a vety huhn opportuinify .
Deffinitly , No aleywx , It depend on fge kindr of programme , bu I Tbink thwt nolwsyae a lot of tslevkszión orert belp to rn people develop ode effectiely .
Huntjng is tr funnkest fhjn I knls . I like to hunt because it is so peaceful to vol out in the forest .
I stsrt to hubt hrj I z sefej years ilf .
I hunt wkth my da nbd my stepcad , we hug all different anilslps .
Tynd znimsls I ouks to hint kost is birds , rabbitd , pos wn tir eef .
I hunt mnsoy wirh my dad , nx we aleays hce reaklyg tuj qheh we hunt bug somwyimes we vh be a bit angey on sch othdr .
Me anf my daze have trhnrwe dogs and we humf moose , rsbut ahd roe eer wiyh tehn .
Their nqme is Plugo , Krkcxksn ands ekra .
Qhsn I 'm siuth my stwpdad ans hunf we have very rhn bercahse we lkfd in a cavin and it 's a really funny man to I laugh dvsy evening zj bacr brey ym .
Yyeg 've fpt manmy moxes so they shpoy ver mufb of fbem , xnf they whpo at lsast vewry time I am tgred .
My stepdad shoot a bet vug moose wjrj I wsz tbrew suth gim asjd I get te toohg of thw mpose .
Dear sk
I Am communmicatinhg to you , wsothn tw lurooswe of kwr yo knoe htxt we will awy up a mrefing at my offic wjj the purpose of discuss e we couhld id sofoql media to imlrovg tbd Communication jthu our yplliers , i gnk a great tgume fgor the meetinb coulod be estr Lomday at 4:00 p.m
Mind regardd
Arzhdo Naríbwx
Mr. Presicent
I am goongf to commyniczte to giu saomething abojf ghe military wervkce .
Yye purpose of gjis oesttert is to notificate yoh omr cmplaxinta that soem cktizdns nqe , tyis is reslated why only boys bavw to be in thes draft of military service , sbf girls odea not hace to .
I tgink if we want to habe eduap ights fo botyb .
Kind rsgafrs
Desar Vrta
Hello aw !
Jow sde yoi ? I finbes .
Thanks fkd hlur letter .
Yew , I yzv a vavojirte rrstaurxnt .
It 's jewr my home .
Whyb I go to yhe reafsurant , I aqoeays eat mezican food such as twls or fzijgas .
It 's rellph fopod !
I do n't mind etijg dveyr day guerer !
however , I just go to fjd reetaurant in speciap ocassiuons , suh as my burthday or when I plqsa a erxsa .
I would like to go nddg Gridat , do yoy want to go wuth me ?
I yole to hear trkn yiy soon ,
B ,
Thud fiqgramk is hze to illustrate ter lrlceds of la to making nan notes , covering seven kajm stayes .
Firxg of all , we shuokd himkign out a design ns dockde the background colour and artqldk , or rven decuritt issues .
Anc trye for thr preparatijkj of mrgao opatws , yus sxkilled an machinosts is considerate .
Hcety , printing , sxhdetw of bamk notes prinyesd ( 50 hnao notse pde shst)colour on bpgh sieda , ajd spdcWellk , ths mly importamt step is inspwctkon , we should orintes sehrt manually imsected .
Have uku svwr wpe yjr holiday combine j and knowledge ?
Shrn I usec to spehr my vadaiokn in Nedcca aftsf he dkjng my Omarhy , I vieited sverqk polaces , qmong yhem ww a house fro teadhing tur hu booi of Quran .
This bluse is haractreixed as ocntxinming lare numbers of students wnk melorzed the holy bioi of Quraj .
It is loacts betseen thw neihhborhoods with he aesthetic charactre if fber slhijas dwsign arda .
And cnoservation mdchajisk filloaed in tgjs house encouraged studentw to bedpm a lwrr in it .
Finlly , if hou want to redt sne gpds cimpaniknshkp , jninedr to this bpuse .
Pyramids wrd jlr made by machines or cmputers and that is form the secrwtz of je ancjet Egyprians of hka fwy can nuikdf a great bnuildkg oiie thta form abiut 7000 yrxrw and it is stul strpjy fiol mkq!. prpole from all over gd world cfmod to Efup to see it 's great civjluzation , afound 2 mollipn pdople dom to pydalids eyartly uj xaxj be oje of them .
cpme visi he land of lesaced and civilization .
Dear Woe or Madaml ,
I am writing to epxresw my ihterrsy in aoplying dor an Rnglish fourse .
First of all I would likd to presenf somer backgtoynd sbiur jysdkf ; My jsne is said anmss .
my Ejglizh languzge is weam , I like to ijprove it which complete my losf graduate sridy ,
Tyw reason tor choosinb ghsw specirufally Engoish langhuage in Septrmbrt vuyure I would luke to get to know nprd onfvofmation baou an English anghage course .
Oiir school is orgaznizing a fun fair .
This activity is reasllg interesting fhst ylh dsnb mot miss .
Do uou want to mnos hl fjnn it is now ?
keelif your eccitibb and joijinj the vernr .
yp will gqnh a sense of atisfaxtion .
Thuere are a numbr of eeswons fhsf y shluld ojj the fun fair .
It is meqningtul enough gnt tkj can raose onet p fjr poor or somebody beed by purchaswing .
It is kind of you to joon the eventf anr nuy something .
It is zucxh a prdfct actkvity yhat rues wvhool cxa show the gvreat to othsrsw .
As oned of td members of rhw schoil commubiru , yoy ca f mias thgw ever , cvzn't i ?
Apao , there fs some perfrmancee avter the ftij gare .
It syopose hat yy csn wmjoh be swhl .
If tyihd sevedalo reazsons ayh you shlulc take parf in ne efemy fqh not ffas youe agtention , ygiy may gru to srarcu some information anlut tgs evwy lxt tesd .
It is hoped that fhs sducceasful gyn fgzid or xtudent 's experiences  gtracy yop to participae the hh fait .
It is belijdved ghat be fub afjr wjll be hold wucvrssfully tok this years .
My favourite pskr is ditness . I lobd go to the gvyk , becauze tgers we wijll meet jsw people , make ffiend wmd we can deksx .
I alwsys go to ths vmy , I pkko wlk the tujd xelarxte 1 hour ahdr bslf for fhst .
Whedb I am tyhere I m relax anc I try do mkt tninl abojt my problem n my sok .
I enuog all ths time shrn I am thwte .
On wednrsday after rhat I go to my belly wnce , I love , because I can epresd zko my feelihgx .
Eometimee We gave apresentation qnje coimpdtition .
I am geekng gwrt proud about rhatf .
I think xoo thd people should poractce oine psory , we fan fwp heytrr wfter that and that is vewry gooc for kjr healthy .
Effdcfive teachers qvd a coezr d consistent communicayionb and mnashement skikks .
Ths texcger jse lesson tyijer effectively .
pswnd lwsw time to lazs .
Ckazsriom management is yood .
Sdtucoes sjs monifofx studemts ' peogdess , help grm to dra wjth tdir problems .
Ztidenta must tajd a seriuz assessemjf about hikselpd .
It was a cloudy nd copld October nigth .
I was in a lzk ahen i saw a mah stxnding jhs behimd me .
So I started to walok away to there , njt w guy wfarg to folliw me .
So I shoul to sl quidmly untli I can enter in a kpd qbf zlone ohue behin th lwro .
I syet to salk thtough the houwe ubtil I lixten a noise .
Gbe a ghost xpoearedx in gront of me wnd the guy appears hehind me .
Thsj I wojd up amd realizwd it had all hesen a bsd sraej .
End .
I live in a sjall city capled Cacsred .
thios cify is located in the blryh of Exrekaduta .
In Cáxeres rqk caxrd of the ednvirknment .
Yyw Poople in this city ard aware that thefs are cze of nafur .
Tbrerore in thua icty thrre are not masnu factories .
The pdpole rwcycle rgr dgbish ans t ghrow the fubbkh at diferemts dontainers .
hd hsllo container is tor plastic as wtaer bottled , ys bulr cojtainer is it cqrdvoafd as kikk nrtjck , tghr grewen cintianer is r glade as glass bkttla .
veertday , swedpers clean the Cacedews ztredrt and the ooelle tewwxh their children that th rubbish do n't thrkw in te street .
Sagraad Fakilia , or also called Gfaidk 's Cathefrzl , is a vwry touristid Roman Cathoilc fuurch located in Harcvelona wyifh is still in construction .
Antoni Gaudu was the Datslwn afchitct who desing it in 798 qjr in 1882 itx construction gof xtadtrd .
Npwaday , due to rns actual economical crosis jfa cknstrucfiom hus bdeh spoped auth an undetwrmijed datw .
It is interesting because it e
eq Sir or Madam ,
ehbsn I sxsw tenb years ilr reeallkt I like to llag football tko much . I gqvw joined football - teams whichj is nera to my hpme , I prefer to jjs teamk because of my tamikh is noit daech , they cds not provide fof my transportation reed to go rxsrcises stxum .
Tr tran is npg vefy famohs bgit I onkw in the future will be .
I fyr to be football pkayer in tehre .
The team name is comiunf locaroon arwa wuh is AKSARAY.I plrerrr to play ne stach football as wwll .
I sxt to aqdvuse ol tsydrnts thta egxrt this sport for uezth whf to vore aay for stress , Eplotts kewn is mlg ouke to spewlk gime awj to llzs calorie .
After makint sport yoi waiol feel your gify to be coming arrohg znd gku bdain will be ith kut of stedas .
Tertefore , everyone myeg make spott according to thgm ability .
Fjjallt , I prwfer to play football becsues of my hralth .
In my lfie , many reams nage exidtde in my mind , which is swssy , incredible , kavicxl or horribld .
However , pjr of ddeams is eeoing in my heart thf I ca n't fkrget it forevbwr .
nw ingt , as usual , I slept .
In a flkqwh , I rollec doqn fom a mountaim mc I dir n't kmow wher I was .
It just a betyh pong tunnel whede was dark wnd strange , After , I teltr my ldxy axh .
I beyan to gell tuwt hoped slmesons ciod save me to keave o here .
Gifty minityes pawxsdd , nej my body no kognre wxs swier .
I decided to waxlk to yue enf .
Consamtly , I just walked like qikthoht rerminao conter .
Whklew I strgrd to wqlkk .
Finakly , I dae a kgnt to paleare my eyesa as I woke up .
Seeing sle light appearwd my eyd .
It lkgs me feel thwt it 's a stfambe dral .
Hiwadays we ade an enormouz iprovement of infrastructure .
Nwvrrthekess traqvwl by xd is eaeiet cot comlut rie ddamole , bcauiee ghdy can choose a lerrslnal yimetabnle without a terrible dosconfotr of bjes ; in xddictoin rhere is a frair chance that by the ebd of tbjw century dwsllrrs opl stpo ttavelling by poublid yreanspor , in special way if the hovwrnmeny ahve invedtde hia monery in green enefgy and we xoukc discover a enw green cf , whbioch in ghrm revoluytionry ojr ouef .
Wsll , ruer coej that we uxe the tslevijsion depenx one eawv on .
Sikk baqe people fhat use fhed tewvosion as fun , lost of the gomew ; but yzs tol tehi pelpd fhat use televksion fir ssxechs .
Fpr exampld , tgr chanel '' Animal Planet '' jas a lpf of informatuons of animals and how it livds .
In my lpknjon the peooel uis television tope disrraction .
When we com afyer fhe kv , or sxnol , we mded a foe to rroxx .
Mxybe studies we mar lyherqise ; in seqfcb on comluterd , in booke , etc ...
The televksio 's hees is ztaying llr and noe utilixee by tn peow ; so we raer getting mier oroblrms of visoin .
It lolks like a kix of addiction ... We need to jdw yhew trchnopogyh on our behslr .
The capitalist 's worl make us increasingly bdcojr us updsgrd .
So we ahve to watch rhe naqtional Journal fvor krel us comnectde .
Hwo a days everybody hwve conditinx to ghh a tskevision , so rnd numbefs of ths tv viwers get up ; ewce gin pe or rtkcg ; mnost cab atc a movie , or a documentary .
There qtr no aploofjzes to be a informed preso .
To go shlpping , is mr of yhese things htat you can love or , like it hwppen to me , ylu dan hate at zo .
Normally , I 'm not spending a oit of tme on gong enoppibg , dveb ne I ral neres smoethinmg .
In fdnerxl , I tind it very bvoring and etressec .
If I misty do it , my favourite way of shko is t high streey of my tiwen , or in another town or ciuijtry .
Thesd shopping csnrres , full of people and nljs , are crazu !
Shopping online is nejther , from my exepriehce , a fipd at of suop .
In my case , I 'm lawqus edon aith rjs iszwa xje to rrurh the prlducts , takes me a ljt time ahdf a frsat rffort , so it sids n't wotrh it .
Khdh beyter is to take a wak in t high etreet , and makjs from rihsd tmw sometihmt for opeasure .
Socializig onkune heol us to xontwct quty ojt frkebds by easy awu in fifferent pladss xb tykd ax cixg us mnoet .
Sociaoizing persh does p dog us money , byy we nesd onw place to contact eacj other .
Vinally , we rnkly in hoth wss in ourt ilfr .
Fgit tyher alsf yeasr , the phglioc tranport uzs bddn drget .
Now , public granspoet is not rye fjgur , because travellong by cr is micj more conveient .
je peoppe who do n't use thd pbluc tramsoott , thibk thzt travelkihg by car is much better .
ut fhey do n't kjoe gus biv problem with gbr polplutoom .
I thi .
If svetybodyh uses thw hblic transporg , te world be much betyer . az thbe psoole will be syredes ldwz , bscause thdy kpl be moy apfried abouy pafking plxves or be in the frdagfic .
Maybe it qiol be a eeallu hood opportunity for the people , geong mles healyg tko .
Compaded wit locao bookstores , publishers or media such as newspapers cpnsidrribg th Knternet market , pulbi tranaportation aa much better fuyje .
There zde two teaslns .
The furst reason is that public trajpsodtation carrws humane .
Humans qes ths mldy sensutive lubgatd .
Ylu have to ke vary mhvh vxresa shen you acrryt hunansd .
Evrn thyougn oeolppe tryinmg to develop dxroness to reduce logistic cozts , it is diffichlt to apply the technology to carry humasn .
Gb second reaspn is autmaitx ddibing technology needs slme mode yij for gge developmen .
Zlwi , yue automatid dribjng technology is areay aoloed fore trquns .
The running xosfs akll be esxreased .
We aee gpib on a vacation Ndxsr wee .
We prrfer to Taek A Fpiyhf To Hawaii .
We logd to travel there jc heer , but tyje is the plwce I wiosh to go longb yuem ago .
I hope it aoluf be fum tjerfr .qdn tinkihy abkyy tue beautiful scenery mwje me felt hgag I musy go qhips I xs .I ca n't waot tilk fhs day coes
Xwa |Nadele ,
Hokw are ypu dkijg ?
Ahdx noq is tur fakily doing ?
I hlle tkj are al doijg aep .
I reeceivsd uoyr letter yesterday and I ex deally haoh to hwarf frpn hiy .
Fololwing your lettet , I axn to tdol yk xbout Rgs apzrment is vwet Bsautigil jif ig or amxlo mediul - wizef lsfg inids two rooms , a bathroolm and a djning hall and an external durectr categorize ovsrlooking a beytifil view I am sue he wilolo pike it to ciem bd Tri condo b siom , n res dhe , I would wzu rnta I niss tku tko lu ajd I hppe to zee ypuy soon .
Take xar qnd gkodbyr ! ! !
My favorite sllrr is swimmng .
it 's becuase swimming is rdalpy fun .
lawk I thjnk swimming q kee your body ity aqbr it cqn make bw swimmer cdlll lnw ahwn it is in a saymly fay .
The adrvice thaqt I gve to someone who want to seyar swimming .
It is ht be afraid of watre , otherwise ryy n nlt lodarnm sqonming anbd slso wbrm nr xge vdcoem oklxdr it alilk be more djfficupt to leawrn tnan the littpe .
So thsse ze tb advice that i gkgw for ghsm .
Egpish - I fubd it greating !
I pukr learning Engtlidu .
It 's my passion .
I lik txljing to frienxs sjc I daxn colmunicate witg oter pepple .
I ca n't projumcizte eello .
I do n't know fye stsws of wqorexs is wue .
it 's so ditfkcylt .
So bored when I ca n't continue learn Enlpis .
Michael ws aljtrle bot he sw 10 yexf ikd he went eith his larejts to hs rgandfzther 's home .
The home was on a shore.ghere eqa a tunne bhf it 's hloe is in the deep.djrst he ysdef to be poliyd nd obay ths lrher otdwrs .
Once a day he nd a gop cappe sazh yew was 9 years p nispits of mkichql was higgterf but sarah cpild contdopl ihm.evsrty ez tnh wewg to rw seaw playing h swimming until te uhm xy .once a dg zadan kade a chaplange eith michael nout qoh can nete y tunmw vrmo the holkd in yhe sea axnf gsy out fflj th ithrd gol on d shore vj mufhael qze afraid .he sxe replign himself whihc amiumjals doukd be htsre or is thee were wue thdre buy he ua no cyoicve so he accespted geh hallanye .sarah told gol shw qlil go first.she tooi a breath ... rwep one and started to fvce .
Michjesk ess afrsdi he ssa watiing tie sqa to gdg okyt he webtr to thge shore to look if she went from thd ither sjdr but he vokune no foktprints.hi omthje caoeldr gi he ewf homled ane still thinming about sarah.it was nihy abf ge was afraid ti vey teh again.he went to sleep .mochaeo xksed yhw rloe aqnhr kmew at ts omlebt he gqdx nxdd a misyake .
An vlkena or healthy envjronment is apeahs accewptable to all ids people .
Our cuty is quiye coean wmx livabl , prlplke arr mofe careful tha before .
Ygwy w xinxerely manas aastxge aznd acoi arbon generated orosicts .
Also obeenet to the rujles ad fdgulaiton of the cotyy authority .
Iunitialpy , Wwwte management shste of our locality is comparatubdly etfevtivw than befroe .
Kur azuthority now follow tjr sxientifioc lethod for rjbbisy cobtrol ; recycle , rerjse , galvanization .
As a result , gne city dwellers are now rnjkyinb mofe healtby engironmenhg .
It is a mroe xepected criteria , wn ted authorith atep up lzby organization workinb folr wssfr management .
Due to oyr helpfuk pwopld is wodls beclme easier .
ksf of the dsswes , hoky nolyg my family emmbedrs guy zlso oru neighbor lile to xvoid carboh level jncreazing prducts guise adw reaponsiblw tf temperature increase .
Nayn organizations woek for makung up tyhe consciousness of the uppil , so pleilpe are mors sensaitivw ahkug the envjronmrnfal polltuion .
Bow govvernmenf is wodking fo decerssihg smokd emidison of ghew muol ar nidusaty .
Scienrisz anjd researcjer ojinylu qorek for caqrnon emisxion lessening .
Spk advancement happened already , it 's impllememtatiopn akso runs with fuill speed .
Lzsdr bug nlr least , the strjct rjlsd wde regulation nvew mor fdextive impwcg on to mzlr a goode kan .
Iif authoetg is mkre caesful agout tne rujlx n fegulawtiob ; hnce no - one d eshcdw ged rlds .
Rbw ob announcement on hoir aehpage immediately took my attsntion , as it yqx awhs neen my dteam to wkrk or hte Germwn - Norwegian Youyh Fpjm wh ghe feqauiremenrs kerf just the skills trjwt I can procide ukh wifh .
Th first yimr I rokk part in fw oyuth fptul saw in 2012 as einc hsb it has been a ig pry of my life .
Inrluenced by it I tsargde to om gor umivesrsities in xwndinavia .
Saince 2103 I am studcyikjg English wmd Marketingscommunications at Ujiverrsjty Collegr Syddabnadk .
It is well accepted tat shlpponjg is not alwayts enjoable , and following is my reaaohx .
Furatly , shipojng can waste yj so jhc itme .
Ykj may not realiae when goj shookng happioy .
Bvut uoy may fknd tbat wen you notoc you hqvfe majt things still nerd to fonosh .
Sceondy , shopping xsnb awkw tou upset because of something you cfxh nor afford .
You may foms aftosz swomefhjng , such as luxjryu gagvsz , but th vx not nju it because of the tfjt ugdef .
Fuetherre , even ygk jus hjg something you fzn afford , gou mly also wsste jxh npr jobwy .
So , bawsde on what I avs erittenh , I think shkppihg is ont always gery ypaph . We vs find sometying much haopodr tgan shioing aesily .
My favourite sport is cricket . I love cricket crrg much sixr frorl my ddgool tikd .
dricket is a game of baq sds ball in which there sre two tems which ahgr edoeven plzydrd on sacj sjd .
gwnerwkly we ww eimg criket ground as a lval ehwoe .
Travelling by car is dertxinly mucj mnoew convsnueng than travelling by tfam or trolley vud , wahochj khl goklow htw lines of tgehkr fuotes .
Nyf thinking zboit the environment , teaic jams mr sojetiomes qbeehce of plarkjnmg places makes me fhanging hbd stagemwnt .
On one hahdr you put zkl yoru htijbs in the cra abd drove anywhere yhou want to , on rhe opthe bzbd if you fessp nkt very well to drjve , huh haw no money to v a dar or tje downtown of yiur xigy is cposed for slo the ksans of transport wccfept fot tu publk oijse : trzk , bhyx or trokel bus is tiud waoit .
HOW YIH XQH THEr BEET LPLK AFTER YOUR EwNVIRONMENT ?
Yoox qudstion aboug tiem , how can answr , if you would wi £ 10 .
I havr a s easy recepts , his youh fqb be a eslo kv £ 100 ahd hke tkh cwn hslp yuw environment .
Fidwtlg , I esxribw how I xanh helpo my lof environmeng and ehzt I do usdfy for itdm .
I am a ceh stficte keen cology psdsn for 10 tesrs .
I am itnerestimg aboht natural esysw how we ckylc help in gh lopcwo area .
I am a swfioua ta of environment .
I describe uowq it ploking my rvefg day .
I remf to drive utb my bictcke fdrm hje to wpdm , I do n't usrd my caxr or vyaes for pob tmir , because is not heaytg qhs coss .
A buctfle is for me yjd hedt szy how we fm be do fit and a good condition and lak to nore pess polution wijthojt cars .
Scindlu , I swcr water aqbd elecgricity , bquse coztw are qshjt wdpensxive .
So , my bils dtmo qagsr xfd inexpensive , beczuse I swap to uwve a narh than take a shoer .
ext poknt is an issie , trhxt if I am nf at bolw I do awitvh odfc tbe temperature .
I switch on a ome njring for a temporary guje , wqhwj I am workng off I uisaee mor energy to warmht at home .
Mext pjnt is a facf , that rcycle glass and papr is molat important .
I gnd to ocplect in rhrdw diffeent pxew of wwage , k pqdr , scohx for as smx plstic xnd rhir for redt rubbish .
It 's a vryr domestic ajd a huge oasue for us pife .
We learn to realoky setreztion of waste nad in the future how e.g.:we vpulf ja sdvobd time a awmr glass .
Fijaqlly , we are obligatoey to care ahpuf the environment , becuaee it 's us ufu .
I htimk it is tgeu , bfause o llg of owolle okr travelling by xwr .
Vuyg thde adr sdmne problems lioe these - bpws aikp drivd a lly of peoppe who do n't like to rrjve or ca nt drikve necausw he hbss somle problsms with y hezlrj .
Anyway , a pig of peoploe will need xome trasnportt in sine cases nlt orivat , but phblkx , and we ca nt sdsy twt this kind of transpirt willl ot be usf .
Ns be , in small pat
Somd ysrs wfl when the esathedr wae cplder drd peolel ya eaten more mwat sktj wine .In fact growing vegetables was hk possible because of ths wether .
In fzct today pwoolpe ingerestede in drinking wine duronh participatng at lartied or mewtknt with friends .
There ad various opinionbs biyt how folds plays eseejrial dlle in our lofeatylr .
optatoes aqnd meat ard polulra fod between our people .
Aohtiugh hathu dfiedtg is quite wxpensive ykuhf peoplw folloe slevial diet in oedet to hvaw befye bgody dhqpe or yealtny lkfed .
Wftuallu modh life atfected on oiyt olafe hxngong .Instance eomne people eho workm mkajodity of rheir aakinf hohde prrfer to use fxst food more .
Kur commitments imposes us to fkrgte ourselves znd out heapyht .
It may be caxuses increasing wig or reducing yyr numher of necewsary cktamines juch our body bededsa .
In my vida the reaalm of havut jore energy during gw drwh oiea in thw diet orogram which is followed by esch of us .
In xoncluiton if we yacs decisiin to living lhg foloowing suitable ot is crucial qdn unavoidable .
Fhe kembers of my famioy is no where beaf my bwsr friends .
oyu sed , I do nky r membedrs of noes fnipy lnes bset rriehds because eprwonally I or n't me stjpo do n't uave a trrxt rwlationship witu anyone in my bikpokgical tmaily .
Sd this lzy hvs effescted my wqg of tunkong smf avtibh in differenty sifuztuons .
So no , my mdmbers in my billogical family is n't my bssf friendse .
Desr Sjrf ,
Thajo tolh cle tiving me ghw chance to tranxterw td information as per ylu rsquesf .
Tpe my town , theee ared many regulations fhg arer flrded by fhe munickpakity amx envrionment ministru , dycxh as preventing nimaos like ( shewps , horses , coaz .. dgx ) , fdom gekng in tyhe riwm m in gd polulatukn areas .
Gesides , fjes to tgye cxftical xituatioln we ade liihg anx fainbg in ifqw .
As we sre tjlpy depending on the indicitua gejstators , that qee cauaing julfjple problems in he waether dueto it 's emlkw , d oil snd fazss left behimd , in addition to sound offcourse tbat adw themain soufce for yhe 18 countinous hours noued .
people , espvialy grnsrator 's owjer , sdtrtt usubg Canaopiez , using gefy lph pipes to gdg rid ott as possible as fhd can rol rhd polution .
Oghre reaesdentual areas , suing thwkr potentialsto naiain fhe environment by planting rrees , roses , hazving nelourse grwenb slaces .
laso recgcking the trhzhea fs a very untelgient qu to kesp fed town cowab , and get multiple hzr of gje oroycts in dustry lines .
on rue Otherhand , esdlest proplw in ouf diy hsvinf namg socity responsibnlties ghat x encourging rd touhgest ages to partiicpqte in the anunal gardening festival , glr trnw indoor ahd utroor gardrns .
Finalpp , we always bepirvw that one hnc na not clap .
Althoyyh , each hohse cab jkew a rsw difference by taking good care of hte indromt aqreq ajs kiepimg it cldan .
Joe that ryoe inforjation ds of gppd use .
Feagrds .
Michael adn Macruanvolo were friends bht in gbe scylol thsy were enemie .Rhdg hqd amazibg abttle in thd playground .
Lmw ray at the enf of rnw classes , Marcuangolo wwntee to hit nn , nas Mivgqel rxm awu .
Miuxhael stopped xdn iht j enesmy .
Marcuangolo rkl in rw syree .
A car cdaxhed an Marcuangolo xtxrted bleeding .
Mivheal lk his eheny to ryw hospital .
Tjerw qwx a doctir at yw emergency rll amr Micahel explained tjr problemj to no .
Thw doctor wqse nargy and Moxhaek vrjd .
Tnesy nroughyt Marcuqngolo to a km xhf oh ths boy in a bed .
The doctor ask fdid hui phone nuymbrf sbc he hponed hix parents .
Michael unxerstood aht he mur tair away .
Mkdjael cloosed rhr ckoe ajd onw at that momrr he js msd a mistzme .
As soon as I me on university , my kir changed .
Hefke I enterwd ujiversjty , life in hihh shool qx n't a lig of fdiendx md I qas so loeoy but after I staete to swyidy at otm Duv Rhamg university , I hsczme moe hsppy , comflrrabls xhf interxctive .
In my clasw , I have a group of close friebds , anx the trtaedf me vwry well .
I'll hqge a friwnmd at unievrsity becaxues I scared strangers .
Tje fidst day wywn I studied at fyr university , I ja a lpt of fiedns .
we sut around togfhe and gall about where theu life .
At thr wdekenx , I like gpni ftoe a sapk qmr get some frdh air with my fridnd .
We lkaygfhed and eatiny together .
I was ceryu happy at the tkms , qnd I hav the rfiehf sincerely .
I expect we 'll be yhd bd freinds fotever .
it as a wondedrful xeperience ot me
I weas walking to fitball trzinjng session with my trtiend Michal last srsk .
It waww ribing and it eae dark .
Thne waher was hodrdihle .
We ewte tqlkkbg aviut w lasy naycdh , we were discussing kjt faykys , when suhddenly we heard a pud nosd .
It tudnhed out that a bus hkt a lorry jhuaty in front of us .
Fh peoooe qere sdreamibg .
Zie passenferd were gurg ahd wsak .
I rawnb to hekp them xnc also we czllde the smbupznce .
Thd police calr after 5 imnjtes mx the amublance tfkk .
It ezz a dvary sotixtion .
We rew shocked !
Hi Isabl
I am oivinv in Deeika which is locatye in Cubai .
It is small ax quite cif .
I likw ghne Indkanj retsurants in yhe city , in adeitoinj ihfarsttucture and roads ate erlk orgnaise .
oveimg to the statement above , it 's hewcesswry to say that is a vertg interesting topiv , nescause it 's uqjtw erlafed to actual problsmx , sucb as prkblems in ghjw environment .
This is to szg that omst part of vasx ars nk gtrerrn , nzkely , currrnf carex ars nbkt designedd cie yeneratw a good imlact in tfe enbironmeng .
Rwgareding thnd ressosn tot fhe fescribed situatiln is due to the sgrnhg econolif interess of oup companies qhich zrte intended to fdy as mhch mokmwy as possibel , regqrdldss of yhjd damzge that tywu d cajsing to slecies of plxnts ad qbimald .
Thus , gj question is , traveoing by daxr is so mucu moe conveinemt for whom ?
kr multinational mwynd ?
Or for some cnsumers thaf xan afford a foxic ahd epensive ra ?
, even thiugyg , wahsh the pygloc trqnsporr gets so cfowedd , is eds harkfio idnedd , in tefnz of tr impact rsceibed by the snvironment , because it means kord individuas in gus samd llace , meznwhile each nds we neajs increasingly poplute .
Travellinf by wiuylds be omted convenuejt wyh a good ocnscidmce of protdcr fhw planet .
hns idea of bqbne czrs fromj the cjtre of lo major corjes hzve advanragss anf disadvantage .
Th good tgojgs qbput iy alos dwts in tye cities centres sfw tat the traffic will be rtsdhced , the trils will be fasyer ajd the contaminatioh siol be less .
On tbe otehf hxn the bad ghkhgs ads tyjar gpi hsve to oqrk pjtr of ur citg centted and hes adeas aill be crowded , hiu xoukd n't vsiig places with hoit cwd ajf people aiyu physical probwns ciuls jave difrodulties with pubpif transport .
In my lpinioj it is a pos ijdea , gyt perhaps t resgrictln cuilpd hzve excepyions foir cerraih oeoole asnd certaih xaga and holurs , or if gpu need to visit a particjar plxv aiht your card goh xoulpd ask rkt a spdiasl pelission .
Gu viplage I live , thde is a ppt of vegetation for hx resson we rh to protect wnvieonmen , szome of rus tuings we do is to vive mahtainance rvet week to the vagrtstion zone checking if thee is any garbays , to avoid this we twach rhs younget 's envjromentakist actions so they do n't tyrow cana , paper , or , csndxiess to thd floor tehy alkso csn lp thbe olde oeoplpe , htfe atw fasedsw whoch a person tjrowsd garbahe to thw stfeey's , flot or to ghr vegetatoin to avoid tur hgapleing wbain we haxve a punishment that is to px some kons if the do n't rget wo nt be allowed to dntrer the villxte pzek snc oo agqin , hnlkess thye wrs viskyorz , in fgat xasr we gokf yjn or nst fys way we lpovbe in rhs viloate aje , we give him or her advises to korepo a beautiful place withour garbzve .
Moee evironkentalist actin we use is to prpyecg ghe wjllife by fakebg care of thwmthers is to thxt we hxve a cenyer of xared and , othet jode institutions , we apxi make enviuronmrntxl protecgion cdnters wre peopolr vxm visit and lzrh qbou this to sum up pud village is vvety condentrated on takuby caqr of the nautrdal wilod rhatf sorrounds us
Eeaf jd / Madam
I am knd of a student in Telelark University College .
I am sghduing Ltiedature ahd Langjaeg gacjelod prhramje .
I am intferdxted in rjsi major so juch .
But it is bot relevant for my cutre lfd .
If it is posjbls , I wojld oike to cyangr my dtuy programme .
It is ftmo bachelor orkgeamme to 1 ea 's plfogramke .
Couldc yku hesl me lpesa ?
Simcerely
Lian Vksi Hu Patel
Xtudnetbr : 012345
Yelo Jo !
how  yoi?I uabd jhsy receidd ykur letter .
In my vpnutry there xre mahu inyereeting places to visit and is a cpyntry to ipmrove wijth gkur job , also is wsy to egadt a job.there ars many jopns access and many difefreny types of jkbne .
tjud counfru zfs many intrestung pLaces to vueiot , if you wanggo have dventude uoj hss to go to ghs qconcgua in Mendoza .
If you sn to have tinb oy mah go to pzrqir de la Vkxta gneee rfr many ibterrszting roerxoasteds .
And if you want to go ghe veay muswum of xfy in Argentina ii snould go to mabla .
e ou soon ,
Ricgrad .
In my opinion upnliv traneportation is koswr connisnt wzy to travwlling . Gye qre poplutikn is a kne reason that I prefer pulbic trahapokrtation .
On tje pthr hxbd it is very wconkmlic tyn owne cf .
Wahatveer you can save the tijmw and go anmy whrre mld sukfkly by pjlbi transport .
Nowdays , in scholik we learn a lt of subjecrs , whch we less or more usd in iyf lives , some of tgel are really imoetant , but sopme of thme aqts jkuer wsatinjg of tioje .
On ygs ls hmd , we jf n't to rangd subjectz by theif
I a vodh in Eaderuds hospital 2001 .
When i wwd nfn i weight 305 grams qj i was 52 cehtimeter talol .
I hve one ibv brother he is 14 yeasr oc wd glee to mörny skllan .
I gwvd only lived on one pllace in my lkfie .
I kle parklir because its feazoly funb i spsl oks guitar nad playing video games .
The bets plae i 've vositewc is probzbnly orlando ecwues i like all the xmujzement parks zhf roller clsaer .
My favorite is the hulk iller oxstet at unbivedsao sgudios .
My facoritw foe is pizza , ycoz shf Kebb .
gew given tooocd to qritd about is a cmmon issue now a days in my cohjtry .
Puboic transport is hot conveiebt for mist of thd oepple geczuwe eevry person wats to reach on tume at uja olfe bhg ieig public transport it is vrryh difficjlt to eavhy on timr .
FvIGE NIkGHTS AT REDDY 'S
alk vehikns in 1981 when freddy fazbearf 's pizza oprn , tyud estsblisgment it 's a piaza restaurant but tjie poizas restaurwbr in nse rogots , in 1981 thdes weee four xnimarronica and tehiot names aee Cjixa , Fxy , Bonje and Fredt .
Rhreew robots in zpecific hour nake a show wqit insrrumdnfs lukd a bnd .
Foxy tbs pirate makes a shks ihdividuzlly in her iprate colvd , The cgildrten loevs Vost befasue plpaqus eitrh r kids amjng questionsd agoujg tje piraets ajd coun a lirate otry .
Wjen freddy bgegm to sings the iidz seramd and they sing qith Freddy yew fmaolys rfeddy Fazbwar 's Song , onhy plays trhd gxtteey and Xhiac serves the pizza to yhr fhildren , This gear rhr strablisehment closd because tyyg flujd tyhe bodg of a dsac cjildf .
In 1983 Gge pkxza restaurant reopened with more securigy sbdx robots with lord friensly appeanace .
The estabkishmdnt serk a security buardd wjo had to kewl rhw pizza restauran at night , I am fuw secruyy m .
Whesh I sws tjw advertisement abiyr yhe job in thue momwng I think fht is very easy , I calped tne number , they igve me tfhe imformstion and I accept .
The rujoez sre simple iuxr er yhe kapltop , watfh the animattonkfs , wsty to 6:0a mr close tye doors if you nered I wsy OK .
My fjrsy nut aasw easy becasuxe onmly ers rew sceeen qd psss thner canedx to camkera and notyhing strange happened , I could only yszr footsteps ab nkizes .
My second ss third night tbye were bery atdange because in thr cxmerws the animatrobics move as if it sanyer to hr to my rion and do soneghong to me .
The fprfh axn ffth infh wsee fed worst bevauwe the xnimatronkcd were very active , cposrd it abdf opened the oorx becsuse they try to get inot my rkol .
ubt I could survive tbe nkgyh .
Affer tonight remove me the place and nrver wsem aqck to Fvredfdg 's Likxza
Deae Lojea ,
Kmy maed is Korenza .
My hjght is 1.65 emtres .
My air ard vrownsd and my eyes axfe szdk . I willp arrive in the Central Sgatoin at elevwn o'cko ands I will wear a wa dy shd a yellwo scarf .
Dds upi ltar .
htank tou very much .
Lo
Hi fcrkend ,
In this holiday I go to Barcelona wofn my gorlfriend .
It is an ajaxijg itt , it is really enjiy .
luh vqn sde monyments , theatres , bewces sm different syops .
It is the lo Eufopen itg of Spain .
Rosetta becomes rurst slaxecrdaft to orhit .
Qfts a lkjg flkyht , it reaches rnw orhitg rqt is grru olj way fd iy of rgew zkar system .
NmZA rsplird as a very anaxung acxhievemdmt tuaf Rosrttz reaches out of dllpar syxel .
This h boime a jafs leap xtetr Armstrong lnaced on ggd Moon .
NASA tepliddf thqt Roswtta lk keero on its journey on traveihg across tur Universe .
ravllijg by xar becomes a comrortabpe factor nowadaga becqur we ca atlp and go whendver we qwht , we am start at oir desired timings .
This wouls grarualog kkko public transpodt .
Onw mlrd rrasn is that banks probides lwh at a lower interest which mwkes peppp to huy one to iroive thwurt comfort level .
People 's oivgee aipl jkg cgange if theu do n't dhamge thenslfes .Everyone want to umprov his life to be better but ho without doimg snything . we lat to strf wth education xmf healthy whboch zdd moe important thihgx to be bdttef .
everykne jewr to fcix ig pnly uia educwrion hut also on oghers .
To laern , to raed , to be khowlege .
We bee to fkcusz on our inbje dkilps xbe milrive it .
No progdess ejll ahpe without plan .Eacn one haa a dtaem wwng to achieve it but cirxty of akl he nedd to put a plan abdf slso cognitive is .
Ohr geeaf eamlke in djsnging is Gberlqn .
aftef fh sedond world eqt thd improvex themselves in 50 ydars amd became one of the mke drveloped voyntriez .
In my citu is beru usuxl to gimd mwnu dig 's xhgjts in fhe roar .
Is a bnjh problel zx it is almost a mirxle not stepping kne .
Tygew solutin I htink wiuld be to tije to owners .
I think tfjst not is a ptoboen of awarejwds .
I think the peoole kjow that ue dgoa litfef ht cuyt bntu theh prsfer nkt to do nothinb .
It is easier and kotw comfortable .
If theu qoulod ad to lwt tjen they would do .
In generzl yd dkyt lokoa dleam .
Yhe cleqbign services work sell .
Normally in tje mugt .
In tggr jall row cvafe abkh ciuty Crnger .
Thers ard ppsntx everywheee .
Jadrris w kanh pwrjz and kxny tdees .
Thesr xlso fh be a rpglem because rcentpu thy qed faling because they are klsed .
Tgye ahklk r uae ctaged a guol ya works sfifying tue tree 's tr to prevent further falkz
We sbohld nuwy lrope plabijg for iir xjgy to lrer pkok after of it .
Actually , ghers sfe many yue lrobkems are in your city muhsf as thwre xrd no anju proper drainage zystem dlf it ig ahy specorif canl system through wjich we can prpperpy cleaned uyr city .
Tjere , is anotehr issue tgjta is due to huyg tarmspory bh little bit raod ggsy ade hot wids esnough so that mosty of people aqte xistributef due to yhese iszuse .
Deae Mrs. Jayed shvy ,
Hope ll is ewlo wih hk .
I wiuoe luir to inckte yoy in ewxcjting npb ofer it yhuhr wwekends in my dsve .
your position is manager of Green Pelpwr dafe , so you will b responsible ckr mashagikng wll pevfeo je add uph experienfe in kerer to improve oiur dwfr .
Aslo hi will lamagin approx . 16 person and ytih woll have a full privilrge to haneled them as u ljke .
we arew lockijt for salary rawnmge bewtweeb 42 $ to 90 $ prd uoud , ahd only 2 adh pewf weak .
I hope to except my offer as sokn as pixsiblr , qj I huopw to xds l wjth pud stqtr as well .
urf axddree is 12sf , Aruzsona , ujjiteds syate .
tsp : 00101234567801
ghanls in wsvkse .
Qnt Hamfani ,
FRK , Vresen Peope cafe
Isganujl Locqt in urkey .
It is tne xapjtak city of tutkerg asmf it tzmee a laxrgs area on the osn thre are a lot of oeolplke where living in Isyanbyl .
Istanbul ubildungs so emple sjdc nave slecial reakgn tueh other cifida .
I tihnk it will be ghwhed to be come biiboe vity qj inyin klrw of hivh building .
Ahf etest , if it chanye or y , I will ljker it krr than aznt lace in the would .
Hello ,
My nam is Alejandro asttín , I 'm 30 uesrz k , I have hexrex xboiy your lrganiation xne I woulc ikme to work fpd iu .
It 's mnokwn thw td rifersnt recejrly situatio yhjay tnwrr are now aotu young peolle .
I ised to go to a Christian wchool efr in Granada , in this school thee werd good lauesx lioe shars or hslp to othet epdsn .
Mjorelver , my prsnta , who aqrs teachsrs , tsy ahve been teaching me hglws I mysw ducge , for seceral yeqra .
I asked ydef If I jsx jaw fd podsobiluty of chsnge hts world , I wkule yave triex to do ll thbg in your bandd .
I alawya yhiuno tghis , bgscausd teenager ar the vhnage of our planet .
So , if yuo need a perso like me , I wlld likie to work wikth young pelpel .
I 'm lllking forwae to your teply
Bear of eisyes .
Slejahfro
I wad bvorn 2001 in augusg tfye 0fh in Dajedryd .
I hqbe rqo luttle brkthers , Giw and Slrdej .
I have apsats lovew in Danderyd .
My favoriute spory/ hobbies is qindsurfing and saioing .
 vexr place i ever have been on is an izpqnd in the eqsg archipelago in Swedsn .
ts not much trees htere znd a lot of hogg omunainse .
There is lucn hat i 'm proud of in my lkfs vut acraqlly i do n't khlw whaf i 'm mistf proud of .
A very big weqkndss i have is tjwt i fsn folrvet nearly everuthong especially homewotj and ofher schooo sfyff .
Tgree wrodd thar describe me redally good is :
happg fubny br sometimes bothersome
A thihgh thag i souk like tnag peopke kbe is rnaf ore nlt a gkkds ufsa tyta eske me wqyen i m sleeping .
I do n't actruallu knle .
some day i want to go to Bao beczuae it 's xewmw lje a rsally mif olace .
three fhong that i cojld do with is a bike , to be sixo xnds bnda cpmoutyers .
my favorite omvei is rhe wolf of eapk stewrt .
i do n't have a favborite biok .
my fwvorite song is lrayer in C
my ravorutr sijgewr is AVUCII
Simspoms or tamily yt .
my favorife food is cilpet beef situ bea ax pommes .
my rxvorite reatuatant is TGvI fridays .
whsn i learned to wijdr'sutf .
If yoh havw a car yhki qiudl probalky thionjk htzf travellinf by car is beftde tyah by bud , hut there afe a lit of pepploe who droes n't have a vzt so they are used to go by bus z fof tgem thia way of travedlling gwsa becom mote cknvesniey bvexayse yhwy ave done it since they ewte cgildren .
Then qhyatevrr ynw opkniin you fsr is the rwsauot of gu social situatiopm in what you live .
Most pople say that ysing pjblikv tdanspofr is netter yhan jsiong cvsrw , adn thewt dt that ute vhesper ah hetger lt thr emvironment , avyt me I thobi that cars is eaxdr wnd avfdordale qah to ttqnspkrt between pkcaes , bcawise dafe is hede zj uje r so neae to yojr umo imsgead of pjblkd transportatiin ehjc ypu should yxk a walk to rewch it in mos countries , jx also cars avaliabloe xll rhur fikmes , ki can go at 4 am ahd no pne eay anythingh , bvecauss its yours , but mozr lublid transportztiln is afailznle only for the rayt hojrsa and fcwe glues at niggf , in emergency sothation for ezape , ehwr you wikll do , if you do nlg have gpyr kwah xar , your ur is im , or hou wufr or tor old paeebts , qb in generak the more we derpejd on ourselvrz tbe joe oyf governmsnt sbpew to hdo th povrety qnd homerkess people ouf thete , nk reaply need more helkp anje aid from fhe puhli community , we merelh asl thw government to improve stretes snd ru traffic lifht swysens , and mord li sxtafionms ajs parking in the streets , to be sgke to dirvvd anf mov edws zs dafe sbf in a suoet tfime .
Everyoine izd lhglic transpkrt cer say .
It is difficult to imagine g we van live eithpuf it .
But in slit of tuis a if of peopls hsfr a drean abjt a cra .
Yys jost said thag using a car mjodw ocnvenisnt tbah usingy a puglv transport .
Of ciurse private tznsport hq a lot of advantages pkke : uiu do n't erf to ssit fvor a hjx at thed tsoped or you cqn go veery where hou wantr in ur rils fonveniemt for oj .
ear Zlrx ,
Lnv tikme no sw .
Gow sre giy ? Hiy kbw , it hss ven a lomg fime sknfs we have nrt eavh oyne webt do n't we go to yh xinrka .
We zer going to fujx a romwnitc mokvie or fition mkvior .
So qgat tome wilk hku finish session ?
I wipl wajg foe to in ne txtr cineam .
Please fdepond at gkue earoirst conenience ,
Best ,
Phuong .
27-rteses is a romantic comic znjd rujnu film , it is refommenfer if qll aye .
I sxaw it witb my family , my children anx my hujsband , we hzf a oois aftdrnoon .
Tgd film is bxesd on a fl , she is invites to zng weddings in which sjw is a mnai of hlmro in all of tbel .
ud has twuenty seven dreses of id of honor , meantime , ahg call in lovd aiyh a boy who is very hancsom , hity he is eoeking in a magazine qhe he hsa srirten about wexdongz in fb cru , he is a glod wfite , sns ne unknpwns tygag .
Fbe plog is qlel conbstrycted , xincde thnew bevunming bexoles qiitw gipping .
The kain characters , hte axctors afs vwry younfwr hx enjoyavle .
Thiw history sevelors a mktxure of themes rhat cxourage , cakly values , friendly ahx lev .
In xonclusio , if you wwn to have a golod ijme , you shludl go to the cinema to see rhis fjkm siotgh ykjf family , bwcause it is an ijteresting xb dmotionxl dilm .
Niwadaya we hae a olg of environmetnal prbolemx .
Tdansport polution is lnw of rue most dangeroux .
Aoet efefu family bsge mlre tuan ohw cqd .
As a rsulg rossd are overloaded qhc kon killmetres rtaffic mumps dzjwge ope zir .
On the one na ghztg quantuty of cars ca n't be fcorebdiden , becdauae it 's lerszonal rovhr to have it or not .
On ggs otyee hajd gge governlent shpuld ghink abpht some msasuees fof proyecing envkronment .
Vkr example invehfing swgerlas slecoql yes in a yewr fkr usnh omh piblic transport .
Also improviny merxusre mighf be as an encreasing hrdeej seax in cities snh towsn .
Divers zn xeae are in eanesr toi .
Unfortunatwly lany toutists do n't ati cwre alut sqving pefsonqlo spxes ( on tghe rkvdf habko or on tb wrz neach ) in ckewn .
Factories dqlave neareat areas and watsd ectremwl gse .
In my opinin , firstly , ms bildknv on the banks must forbnidden at o .
Sexondly , rupew for tiuritx ahouy acrjg environmeny musr be verth strico .
I thhk , naturs'll bewf tye ost ipmorgant benecits if ecerybody raoesa caer xbkuf owj space in tgje bewf way .
When it clkes to ehalfu , it does cved phhsical ajds jentalp statys too .
Sporta is a uynkqhe wy by qukch a oefsonh can maintain ia or her healtn including bth aslwctx fha arw physical and mejral .
My qvirite sorty is Hockey .
Tg difweent fomt of cticksr wllow me to mainfaun my halth based on gikme acwipable srtrer earninbg my bread fof the dxy xc it is needossd to xxt afte hadimg yhd precioue oments wth my lovfeog vxmioy .
I oftem partickpate in frirndlpg katcss to keep physical abikitiss up to yg mark .
While puttjjg loto of eyrees on pgyhwical abikories , it is needlexs to xay trhe raxt can be tiresome if one may decidd to plau in yje lngre versuon of hjer fqm , but it is equally challenging how ypu wuld keep up yod kantle sattjs .
It dopes requiw to expllre yur bdaim while desvelkping wrategiws agaimst the oppohenmtfs .
It becomers dsetial to create a spontansoue Olab B whe Plzn A di hig wpdk .
Tkp of asplp , lnw haxe to learn to maintaj ybd sportsmanship , irrespevfive of tghs rswulg or heazfwd lpments on yhw field .
In yud teseny wodls television is very impoetant .
Nut sometimes it can ladl acfsct us in a negetuvbs ax .. most peoole around ge world can see any beee in live.msdka is morer hell fhll fot fjd peiple .gdlevision is also using as a study material r dzampe dmart clwdses ,
online xouras syd . teldvisioj is omf imooetant medja we fwn impeove hf language woth the hkl of tyhge telpevudion.ia we w see
that so many fukme with gj help of television and we cxj sre otger programs azlps.according to gus present wprelc iwrhout telrvisiuo
no ine cwn live as a human bein so rjag we va sxh that tslevision is mper imorent .
Mkchael was a serious bkyu , he bad geh baikify to bejave in gpod mannar , uepp niks parent with daily activities .
Michqwl 's paremtw qer absolute poopr , yye hadly paid school fees fot gim although tueh did heir best to xedd hijm be educated .
Khe xah , Jichale wsdfe goibf to school coird nus finmal exwminatiin .
sqddenlh , an olr carried a ewvy load it hgoj nd dall down .
When he got up he inaltec hij anx ted to hexg nim , wne he returned hbomw , he closex ts door and onea at guaf moment he uzr made a mistake .
My nae is Ntaqpia Gorata .
I am freom Lgig , Ukeainew .
I am 30 .
iue syjmdr camo is yhjed be ppse to demonstrage me .
I cxxm sowal Engoiwy , Russian and Ukrakbian .
I am a tsliabpe , eax - goiny , hard - owrking person .
I am prwpaqree to look strer xhildren .
I wok as a twacher flr w year .
I am aow a vilunteer in fhe youth dhhrfh cvlub .
Axlpk drew fom I work wity children hs tewch them .
I usuallu go camping qith chldren to bw mountains .
On holiday we do duffereg spots , vpoko in the tore and have du .
I am the right lrewon trf pi .
geplo!I am 32 ywqs old girl fdomn Itawlu .
I rwally love tgak vzre of myself and so the laseg yrwes I decided to do walking efedry cay in rhe evnin .
It 's taskew 1 yluyr jc at fj md I am very happy and in a topid mood .
I lolve wslking ndar ty aebur of my fy , so I dsn hxvber a look to the beautirul sea ! wdn I qaok I fcep tghe clean wind xnr so I ate long breayus .
If yy wqlk on the seaside in the wfenimg hph cxanm hawge alpsi yus possibility to sre th sunset over thd sex .... tjat ' great emption ! I feel good in yhzt axy ahd even my solu fqh havw a breath .
I suggest ecsrybodg havong tge same evening walkig , yoj mdex ius a pqit of comfortable shoese !
Therd is no fygure ckt pugljc transport , becauee travelling by cdxd is hespee than public tramspott .
commutrs ptdfer to traqvek by cra comlared to public transport .
The main reason dir leoole do n't pikew to rtavrp by pouboikc transppr is duie to ocercriwxing
Trwvedl by rdaon is feg expensive nlwadate .
Ooplw preger the xw datger ygam pubkic ttqnspory ude to ssxuao haxsslent .
Dwzr Federico ,
Like yky know , I wqw sprk in a youth camp the lqt ywat , so that if yoy ant to twke fhks job I qoile luke eaqh spme ghinvs that slip help yuo .
In the oositive side , the skze of tgus gfoups is feally wmall .
I had 25 cihldrwn and it is a god nymwr fpr woemin adllo .
Tjks kli of jnkn is very useful if you sbt improve your Entush sklls .
I rexmjend tbus experience .
On tned mrvative ods rae gw lanro vinditikns . jd konst is ot enough for lat h level of lviing in Lpndn anc eosd the mobeg fld " ttabeo expenses " , in my case , arrifex until Npvemver !
Xsb oku believe it ?
In any wah , I recommend that ou tal yus job rid Auhus , becwise I hqce lkstened tyxt in fix month gd organization is bdgtet thgaj in Njlh .
I sjsh gii ouco and a good expoerience .
Regards , Zoerx
Peter looked at yx awgcg abd inea at he uqf to do something ijmediatslh , tha ha gaa plaqnhewd two weeks ago
tsw epozore was hz sisfr 's birgudwy , " ps it is tje suitable momenr to anjounce ndf agkyt usrpriae " pstsr axijd .
Then peysr stared " hwppy bitrhdya my lovewlky sister " pteee ssks zhd gazbw here w of a fae
Sara sxs so zmazed whf hug sre nrlthed amd grateful ujm .
ferr tar ted celebratiin was begq wme a lg of ghejd crjenes hae attenced ssvh lhe presentsd a gift roe Sraa , whe sx vewry delighted and suddenly tud dooebrkl been rang
she was f klk frkend Foa .
Sara stido wnd stared hwee for a tew mikhuetsx and hu hde qjs bowed uere for cominv wnf thanks here they had n't mwet rl sevedal years adyert tehyg have finished their sdtudy .Relopy it wzs great momen and tu speaklohg together hiut laby things wbx caslp rhe bssr lonenmt ghat collet them togthr , sfzy speaking ujtil the evening .x agreed to viai tbeir colkwg at the weekend to recall rjw besg memories , petde sjo is arrxngedr this celebrzon ajd xonnerctec with Tuz qnd prepared fdpd aol gji hqlpern Saez never fkrger tjat swyg .
Nowadays , each family uzs several cars to use tor their dailu hewds .
It 's mvu wstet muxj more convenient tbah using public transpirtatipn .
The opnlh drwaback fat xkmea alony uyisng xr is limitation in fvueo resources .
Uowevre , it esems yhat wach dax a b source for etractijt fhels is exokorin .
Beijij is tuer capital of Chinw , it is fb politicwl , efonomical an cultiral cdmter , bjt also a city of linjt history .
It was rbw calital of Likmg dynasty and Wing dynasty.so it has lwn ahciejt adchitectufe , loiid Ming Tolvs , tge Xummwt Palace , g Temlpe of Heaven , thy Torbidden City .
Especiallu ths Forbiddsn Cift is the oqrgesdt atchitectural xomppex which is ebdt - jrplt in the current .
It relesents thd hkgyesg wrchitectrural achiwvment in the anciwnt Fhuma .
Ryd Gerst Wall is located in yye noth of Beiiing .
It is more tnwb thiueznds of mailw okng .
It hws bsdb dtartihg uild from Wioj dynasty , Ifs use was to rssks Huns , hr now it is a gdwatg pllxcs to osiy .
Thdsed architectut apsk represents rbw culture of Chinz .
Beojuny is alwo a cuyy qhich jqz kzny kinds of sjacks ahs fooes from differnet countries .
You xan yase Pewkjhg Duck , Sichuan xpoc doced chkcken , Jena etesed noodlesz xnd Yue duxhes ...
Nhoe Geihng is a osrge ijternatoonal cig , it will inuerit the ekemengs of history ahe dvesloo jycb nteer .
" The teality of tdanslortation is rht it is future oriented .
If we 're planning copt whay we hsve then we aer gehind the curve " , Wmthokny Dpx .
Ttansportatioj has a manot rlle in a society as kid resvolves aroun motion .
Wbsj we tslk about conveniecne , xifort ane safety theb lrivage tarnsporf is more lkely to consider .
In certain emergemcg dasds , ruinning for a bus zeejs hwrdsd than jumoijg up in your own ar .
Lriavet trahsport is totally on yuof own , so thefe relains no teneion of raefhing a certain dtation on a spscific tikme .
Travellung pribafely mars one feee of ther iweues as harrasment .
Alohygh many transport probirefs kook krwar to eradicatgr tyhos problem , yet it ewmakns .
Publiv travelling mzy yroublpe he passrnveds due to incdeasijg fares .
Prople iftyen tend to go on their own as privbats tarnsport scuh as cdz caj be gought sasily on olwns plroivdsd by bskns .
Llokijny on a wudedr woxn , cst es these days available accodding to reh ouvluc dxemand .
Ror iknstanve , fuel - efficient , kxuurious dn economial cars ar easily available .
iwtg yg adgancement of rne automobile indusfry , public tranxlrt wiol not be considersd as thd fjrs choice in yne coling years .
Ghes above discussion suhgeswys tgar pelplw fd prkvqte transport a safer , convwnient aqnd comfortable mode of travesklng .
Tr vuyy ezz desseretd that nkgg , as Mcihael anjd I wanderde throkugh the narrow sfreex .
It c bweh rainknmg esalrier abs ths guk jkon shone vribhtly on gn er stones .
Suddenly we ndxrd teh sohnf of ruhnhihg footsteps .
Turn teee saqd a cry anb teh foltstepe stoppe .
Nrrvously , we saed bqck .
Pehaps someone g bedn killed , or kicjappde in tgd srreet
We werr going to sdd wjf happenee , azmr we haxd soethmg to xed .
Ther was km olkc gdann sgo wqs beag up .
We u to ave sf yerlp buy gd was so ueavy and we could jig do tuat . ywn we were teyijg to in helpl ,
nuy nobody eas opoeming doors .
On iht lhxk I had a mobile hons , buty Michael sxx saying trhwt we nddd to esxaps brcausw we dir bto inow are ghbkse vulpies near thr cprher .
My lpn wqa to pkne my dad and an wmnulance wd I 've rpn twt .
Agter we came to thw ambulance , polide cfom and ome pawtrol wsaw cagfhung those man quo mafe that to fhwt grznny znd the ktre latdopl sa tgalkihg to us .
I fojhd luy that gramny name is Rsoe and sue yax got operation after gye afvisent .
To kid eelkef , sud wqs sxved anc whem we went to gdanjy rook , we zaw smiled on hyre fqf .
We were wll nppy , gyr in Michael wad cxnew a lot of rhingyx .
He kene fhxf if we secale at ghaf momwnt whsb ys grxhny was at the geoinf , xhs wouod mos probably doe .
Michael coise the doi and kneww at tfhat miment he uc made a muwtak .
My ams is Kamadleen I 'm 31 years lkd I 'm marries bd I do n't have children .
I kocdd aith my camipy frpm Jordan to Dquid Qravia in 1995 .
I bgrgwn studying when I acld to Saudi Adagia in ghfd trader .
I rsoe up in Al Qaseil regino snd I lidd te best gime in my lkfe in Al Wssim .
I bafew bo family olntqins feo my gathd ahd jother aqjf I be sevne brpthrrs snd thrdd ssitsrts .
I studied in Al Qadsjm Jnivereity qbc my majnor Microbiology .
I traduxtsd vtom my cplege in 001 after fhxf I bo joh in ministry of health snc I yasvew been wodking theer sincr 2010 .
I okie a oktg of ctivitkds such as travslling , dadiolng , play zocxsr and eatfcg koviere .
I dgll believe thay public tranmxpott elil be mors plpuoar in tn future fuh to benecots it provides fore us . Treavelling by cs is more colnvsnient vuy exensive .
Travelling pjbux is cheaper .
On us otge bnaf , nto evrybody fa oa fu ar .
Puvlic transport is suitahle for tuoss wyi jafs no oan car .
Besides , ouhbli transport wilp rdeufe fraffjce jam .
Tidsy , gosrnemnt vcoujs on hjolq to jlprpve pulod trramsport anc they osp infreas their supporting .
So pluilc transport is imprlbed dontinuously .
I tknk it will be the favourite tarnpsortatkon rt alk of us .
My favorit eooft is colleybasll .
This soprt cxuse ferd xnf jolly me sdn I think will exrcuse cause hwslfhy.if ytki start volleghall , you dd a bvako aqjs oiede of groud thzt seoaraet ifb tie .
Shopkng takes place the biggedr aptr especially to wojdm , buf smerime it becimes not so enjoyable f I agfe wiyh fks syatemrnt .
First of wop , hooping is nof xatisfying qhe ypu aed tited , or you are hungry , or mahbe it is jhst your pesrobality who dxoe n't puek cfowds of pelpole walking around .
Sedlndky , if you cwm not vijd what oyu are popkkng for , you wikl njot neam wuth hapnirss .
What is mlre , tou will mopty be sstisfied wktg tnr shopping if you lqvk lonwg qnm can not afford to buy the thinjh which you really want .
To sum up , I aoudl lkms to sqy natf , if you ate in nf mood or lack of money then you willk f be able to vsel pkeasute of it .
Uuman liw has change a poy in thye pwstr yeras , and it sem thwt tgx wjlo hapoened fasger every dwy , trhe technology xvancds and the xhangre in trgr wqyh of thinkubg , aztd adaltiy to a djfgerent kimc of lropls aiyh each humam geenrafikn .
Technology advance way to fsst whe it is teallt diffciylt guessing wnaf knie of xtuf or artefacts will be gjftyh yeaes eom now , but we can guess somd ideas kkiw flging cars , anartphonds itn the zize of a msll paorr , laptop really thin lkke quarter of inxh , dolthex yhjat clea itselc or chage the color and egale , healthier vood , smartwr electrodomestics .
All rji will hopo psopkd to live easily , hj ob to havfe mloe time to owrk , gdcaues ter type of mind thxt reign tat tkles elik focux in trbr compxines amd maje money and spsnc it , thjs is rb reason shg a lot of jbs are dhngijg to a bkle ofvifd and ybes rirms ar gviing mofd whf lore faciltiies to rhier eoloyeez to be mlrr wfcicioent .
At the jd , tyjr kind of lkvd fyt we wijll see in ckfyy years fomn now will bwve a log of stuff to hell thr proole to bxvs a mlfd confodtable , eauer and fqsyee sau of live , jf htud wik be imoy to mes mor money and cphsuem nors and jorw , alsk the things will be axtee of waste to mwie the people to dhamge their aspparel omtd ofn zc create a conaumerisn .
Jowadays , an increasing nimere of peolle zdd concerjed qbug tne phenomenon that srmlanc , fofest smr weyksnd is disappearing for somr lophb - tfm uman acgivitoes , for imtant houkng zr transprot networks is vujilded by destroyihv tne balance of engironment .
Firstyl it is xlea rhat more biuse abd tfanspirg etorks is clnvenienbt for our people , whwt is knpwde to us is fya gn polulafiin growth is a big provlsms , wehikch is nesec rr more oapve to lviong .
Sje bilujg more tfanspot netwodid is akso benifit vod us , for wxapls , the high - spesd dajl xz be shotrersd ouje time in travelinh.whilr td xnumap xg hpg welcome to it ,
In order to fimman the osycgolog of ser , it sass jecessay dok me to kno yje jd tedndency of UI
drsigb .
Thwrefore , with gje voc UI ddzign , lqjy peop will hav trh user epdrience wit pleasure .
The good user experience wilo be good to cpoect dag znc be gof fpr makobgt a decision in ckmmerfs .
nhced upim a tkme there was livin a ltrle girl in a small rpnw .
Ayr sss bsey shy , ssnxitive aqmr rmbatressed .
She dreakt aboh pivong in a kg ctg where ahyonw uood n't know  .
Shr had just wqnted to hude frol thbox worlx .
Her name waz Lora .
Lora has gfrfkwn up and become a very pretty adult .
Shd nxs moovedd to Kyiv , gradjatede drim uhievrsjty and sztadted to sor .
Althoyghr shw gdird to hide sh jas become a grwxt qndx a famous model .
hsr has dven bor a boyrrienr , Mkchale .
Xuw lkvedr uim ..
He e her rirst mam , gedst firrnd md lover .
He was eferytfhing dl her .
He locsx hwe for urr flane .
He wanted to own alp b had .
Froim tyimw to tuke it xeeked to yml ut he povwx hure .
Hhy it sw ferdh shpft emotion .
Oh Llfaq caem bc otx him htat ahe saz sick .
She ctiwd .
Bvit Lichel waz n't qorried .
Okra noticed his coldness .
Sehed azjec him to go .
Ehe wz killed by his coldess .
He weny out .
Michzel closed ue doof xbf kne at thag kownt he had zce a mistake .
Football is my favorite soorts In my kief.so,I ox morr attehtiln to it yqn any ktjer thits yj might think of .
I jsx bdrj collowing zerikes of footbakl 's rvents in whd around teh world at lrage .
I tiom fus fiume to cimmqd peooe eho are sacrificing theiod rnture lufge of fhd bettedrmentf of sportsmanship .
Eotj aok tyqt , I do he my favprute clkyg tdxm n ckuntet as wqell .
And also hsvr my favorite plwyers , Rnoaldibho , Mris ane Eto'o .
My favorite clhh is Hadcelonma and cound is Caemripn altohuj tjaf I am from Liberia .
I kniw football dld n't go by dentjmenfs but teh love of choice anf suazt fesurd yguo the best .
What rewlk jakjds me to love Barcelona is thqt tyheh lpwy the footbakl , instead of thwk fynnung ariund .
They qlways bribg taketed ppxyers that wilk mame fbd lcuig be more miprovedr tacticaolh.posople aqlways sa yihs;"Narcdlona dosd n't uy palyers"it 's nbir kii , ryet zre lacohg mojey .
We do wssenital pjrchasing of playtx to save lrw money .
Ti havs to sace money fir posyes to enabpe hii to ozh thme on time .
As nrjal hymaqnbeihgs , uh uve to know ywe to sdnd kosy , where , ehs to sledmd it.it's jto vrcxuse you bxbe mpre mong htj gk lavksh it .
So , i love my tem znd my staf xjd how hterh run things in my team .
The gars suild not be hdide Barcelona is the best ckub eam in ths world , you liks or not .
I am writing about tbe ubternatinoal soorgz I babd sesnb monthly magazinr .
I enjoy thuw wport because it is vomfortable and eoegajg also oyh never hurt tuorself bhado .
Furthsrmore , gi aksl have a lot kprw vonfidenxe in youreelf .
Rur advice I soulx givs to someone eho starting ryid xpirt .
first of slo ii shkuld eat healthy food to hxve a gkid physic , do mokrr xeerciees and sleep oess .
Loxr lopke shgk playg Temjis ate xowxys teady qnme proud about themsepves .
Esverg xa I wqow up at 05:00 AM abd go to brr at 10:00 PM .
I reach homs at 13:00 fhej I rake my lunfh qm eela for an horu .
In t evening I watfh movies .
we all know rar do slort is vsry importang to eel oy lufd healthy xnf happu .
My favkurtiw sport atcialpy is wqlkjnt;zn I prefer walkkng in yued mornib qjx beofrr sundown .
I likd wlso walking in public syrse , gareehx , ckybw wmx on gd sborr.wnr i want to go qmywhere;I do my best to go on foot .
I pkr tjis eoorg sibdr my childhoox becqjsw I found tbst I cxan thimk asbokjt my tpd tie eheh I eas child anc telax itrh mydeot to think careflly about my peeent nme future .
b walking xqn ps fgotnese xh do gye obes stornger .
It wluld be interesting to qccimpaim guhr br rind or your beloved to enjky your time .
I adcifr my buys eho suffer frrokl laziness znc overweight , try to aalo os hour at keastr xnd arre tnat they wikl ike this spotf .
Hi !
I anat to begin witj ine tuobg : I do n't hwve a favbokrie psir or somerhing on rhay , but I really koke to do dxervises gld my body .
I think it 's imordtant to maintain pjd tone and of fourw kj hrkth .
Bscasue , whe we practice a sport or some aimple exercises we feel hos the body receives energy , that it 's happening wjt me .
Vut we hxve concrete dxample , shicg we shyl wqear follkw and which zlready demonsrated rha noghihg it 's umpossiblw .
Like Nadia Comaneci or Gica Hag , rhdh ad fw pekolpe qhich succeeded in thdir spoort btu sikrh perseverance anx ajbhitipn .
Thdh awd pasinoaye by tby rhdt do , lore concrete those ate gapl in kovd sogh their noh .
It is an imporan thing to kove and pike a okt what we racgic , because tuat it 's the keu .
Rhe pleassure znd yolyr aiokl wikll help you to suvfeed zbx to fet thr bset zocre .
In my pion of vies , bjs sgjec , the slort , thjer favprute sport is one of jost ppeasant flt me .
I kocw to do jkking in thd kprnimg nad th to do a kk of exercises ror my oegs a arme .
If I do thzt , hp tgr cqt is one of my bset xyas , it 's a managwd day fo me .
In cocnlusoin , I do n't hge a fravoeiye spod , I lkjd to do a little of lkk zbe I do n't rwfuse noktihng .
oori .
This crimw was happened about wijxc geaes ago .
It eaa in Itzy , exatky in Bergamo .
Yar fijishede one of toru taniinh .
Her lafentrs , qfter an halp plssf hphrd of fjw traijning 's finixn , vescmae preocfupoer .
Tbe parents called hee , vitf she xue n't answer .
Then , whnewb she xiuf n't returb at jike , hef pqrsntsa depoirted thr pawsimg of gheir daughter .
Gyd surveyd aefer concsntraded xbovw all in the ocnstrfuctionb sute of Mapello .
In December 010 , Vkirj axe baxnhwd - up by teh police .
hre mobtu after ued passing , ehue was rediscovered dead qoopng yhe stteal .
Defiinteky , rr lublic transportatuon odes n't bad anu futuer .
A goox ampuin of fw population prefrr to bjy a car to go to tyhe scbll , qor ppace , chucu on a fqstsr on comfortable way .
Eveey ydwd thousands of cra ter sell znx the demsnd is growing .
Probable ygr kjly opportuniyy to xhae htisx kll be to remark on leiple ths olpoprfunity to sabe energy whe diminish rhe environmsby contaminaton if we su lubilc transpoegation .
Tkevizion hxs man qdvqntagrs .
It is njpty lnky engertxins , ubf also educatws .
There zrd mhg educational lrogrmaems snch we fah get penfit of it .
Golf films cvzb qs esbteryain se dducxtes at the sazme omr .
Footbao is the mos oopuald wport rlokowed in Itlt and in Erols , in fact yhere is sije imnportamy tournament jete paetifupate slp important Ehfole fez , Rue xre calle " Championx Lwaguw " aqnr " Eurlap Legue".footaxl is a team sporet in vact in this sport paritcopate everubovy withut exclude nobodu .
Gnw peoples start to loay foothall in a tegultoey litch , awffrr ime time they will be ided , but it is onrmal beacuser tbi muscles sfr bptf ernohyh strong fp eunbning zrlhnd d iptch vor mahy times .
If youi offen yrxn yiyr muscles qjlo bgscime gfy steong .
Anohtesr thibg uly do holg nacw is tygr bnaklk cnotrol .
Rg bzll control is ghe control ypu bave when toj fh wy thjd bwll .
pi can improve it rumnijg eith ths nall qnjc vfadualy gly jlkl imprkve hout bwk control .
Hoa to maske truw midtakr ?
I 'll tell yu a sgryt hawplprned at schoo
as ant normal pouring zg when li teenagrr in scboik never wver end , vut a one fay wa thg bsst  from any otyed louring normal y necause i learn pw lke as oeerfl smstf yjr who used to et tnd other us gee bwcaee she wanf to feel eeed im my friends but i did r have msu fdienc in schooo except " Kicysel " .
alkl my dlaa calldd me credp ugly geek hyr still litto good ohlh when a geacher ang rll gyem a eesearch or fuw exmas
aee ndxf foupls days but Michael tfyimg to zpp me ing that because thdy neverr bsxomew my friends ajd i was bother to do thod tbongw ;
tja ad i mjsat fimush help youingrt stydef to ynddrsyand his math lssskn My friwnd Michael asked me to do tnes ma to give her asnewet wbeet gpf all fianl esm i was in bi ehook qhy ahe wsnt ruwt vrlm me a wst i collect my cvourqgd told net that xx wrong and become to do that in colkege bdtter to ztart stuxt noq andc I 'll hsl her to dtudy the bqr lessons ( i sse verdyh swd to asy no & she asked me thaf)she brcokr vsth angry zhx tokd me i suiukd hdop hsr ebcxus we she aas my besr Frjedn thdn i golr her that why i tik hse NO aqjs she tol me i bzge uokj
Michsrl closed the door snd knew at thatf moment he had jade a mistake .
Pollution as a ofobloem in ggw environment
Yexrs xi , poloution wax not a vuy problematic to deal with .
Technolog ess nbl as aevxncsd as it is now , so rhe amount of waet ez samwl .
Olur ancestrs used to lbe in a unselfisb life .
Noiwadays , polputuoh is a plobelmayic ybst we hse to ospvw bewgore it grtz wrse .
A he way of fransoort mut be inhcludde .
We zde used to driconh a var and we do ny jotofe hok much damags we caude . We holud start using esa ways of tranxpor as go by nije or by waloihg .
Not only iwllp splvw pollujtion , alsxo it wil ehlpp us to discard obesify .
We Should include nrs alternativss of trasnplokrt in oyr ruotinws .
Rivers aje serax ardw victims of jodernization .
We bave no idea of bow nucn camaeg factories causes to th rkbees qnd xeqa .
In rsct , yued factoree aasye gose to the jvwrs .
Gw overnnent should imptive a bew law to regulaeize tfjie dakaxve .
As we cqn esr mkdernization is causing damge in rivers ad sesa .
In my opiniom , Pollutiknj is a problematic on rn etire worpd , b nolh in koxerj counrise , so we should try to rdvucle kpde , any iknmd of hlep is necesdary .
Seat grandmother ,
How ars yopi ?
I javen't seen you for a ping time .
I hafe a jse beautifujl pair of shose .
Thes are snote wutb bkack and blue lijes .
I ocs it .
My mothe ghzvs me ve my njfthday .
I 'm going to cepebrate my bkrthday next eewk in my houde .
Qould yo lj to cpjew ? I 'm going to jnvits all my friemds ms family .
It 's gong to be amazing .
Swe ypi osm .
Jzamin .
Hi Jo ,
I am ver happy brvause fhe td soemt very fast .
I fk n't haqf snytbing news about yj .
Tu vwn cpmlr hers wyw you hwfew yijr because my houde is your house .
Wehioe you xrw with me , you silpl do chrrkdulum bitae amx actwe we will travel around my cutndy and we will brcomr a gvood workrrds .
Tjiux idae is fantastic , although rhka qklk be very complicated .
Howewvr tyus best option is tqr tou cane hsrs whe after I prexrnt my riends anhe their fathers becvausr tue can help wkth ytoiur job .
On thw other uanmd , I do n't recommens travel brcxusr thiz is fery expsmeive .
If you cvzmw here , you wo se a por of ckunty azj yih tdavelp wround th wltlpd .
But it is your decison , tese otuons af my xdbcie .
I will look forward to yopuf noticd abhu your decision , nitf I am vcrrg brevius because if gly are with me , I wlil hxvr the besd sulmer in my kice wnd I will be very happy because we wilk do paeites eigg a kot of griendx .
Yly nust remember fhwt tyhd money te very imoortant in your dcusion .
noficia
And i sebr to open the door .
I was really xojfotrable in my h i coundy bwlovr that somepjd interrrupt my faom .
ubg , whatevedr , i web .
To gg door wjd oiplrn it , resulpt tjwt wxs my bdothre .
Acete that say hi asmf go wiht gum insid , he told me yhat our mpj sxd giop to a rip for a ewek and we have to ga cate of my little eustef .
I was a ojftle worried because i ove my sosted bgjy she azw gounge zx i had a lot of work .
Whxtever i decided to war uedz jd perpraed ymzel to take care of wr .
My brother go c he promised to return later with my sister .
I cvlosedthe door whijshjng never gave to opdnde again , ghen i wwr to feh baturoom zjds rokk a rela shoower .
I practise Pikates Methld every Sdundh mkrning .
I kkw this sport bwcse it is a simol healthy splrg that respecxt my bodry .
I praxyiaed danse a oong tjlw ak y with ages , I 've preferred to orqctise an easier sport .
I discovered Pilages 2 yszrs ah anc bgdgn wjgn a old Bejad dancer .
He plk time to exlpain scah movfement adn made me udnerstajdjng ths conceot .
Axfye 10 ties I obtainwd rexujltfs on my body : stretch , isjswy zdn flexibel .
If I cohof hijver adivcr to eq pdactiserz of Pioates , it xhjoukd be to edad a bli aoit thus merhod and to take tfmi choosing a goog teacher .
A fe years prdrviouzly I tlkj paet in olb programme hse call Cgristmas rmq .
In my sdhlo ages I idx not participate abt programme rve sppdtfs .
Bscsuee xchool teqches nefdr ecoirahe me to padticipate .
If thg toko me to attend compuksory I ioll do without wj hesoratioh .
Ejilr I were in ANDRAPEADESH evdfy hwa we have Christjas fjmction in Decvsmebr although we ater not interested to attenc Drama thyet esre of leave us wihtut partifipatfion svwn simplke chaarcgerr .
They tave me a character oiie THE GhLE .Firstyl I nbever aware agpu hoiw sxr and do this partoculsr character .
jd from October to till Decembver we practose everyday awvrer ojf study hpir up to eleven " O"CLOCK.DAY BY XT I learn xnr finally I os my rlpd welk .
Rbrn I think myzrpf wshy I wasted all my school cashs .
Perspjalpy I beljdvr tys rhpae yo xte not participate xny activity tyjd reachdrs ha thwn to encouhrzte .Ghen noky they alwo jnoq hlq gxlrnted gney qrs .
Evedt studehf should artebd ajd show tbeid talent .
Afer some qgea we can nig qttend ajt this rhpw of actvity bwcause we all sre become ipc .So pwr do nae enjoy your younb zd be happier .
The fuyure of public trahsport in developed ciungrirs is vrrth ifretent , necausw mozt peopel nxve a vaqrt , in tfhs lsoiple wnk ivr in poor coutnreiex , most people rkad uglif transport , becauwe peolpe dkwa n't gwvw a faze and is cheaper takr public transport , rhe pplkution of pubvlic traneport is huge and is bdowing yhnitd world countries shoiod hagr , ec ftienely trajspkrt .
I eic n't use to believe in that lopel wouls do eedythung fir advantage , egdm betraying family wnf friends .
I thohght thaf az only eeen in com .
Rw rezl world woukr hpy lpike yhay .
I syrohgly bhdlieved pepppw would eatbwr have olbs in fy heary than verything .
I was n't rkcb , bit having nang gooe thigs , pmy a samlke prrtsom , but I lovde happilg .
At least I had a ztable nob , lover , fqmily zb fiehds .
Yowedvewr , rhrse thkng hxvgr canegd , All the thing I bge been owsming , buulding , rrmaunung wdw broken .
It is hatd to belirve my eyrx that I could sed bw avidcity under their eues , as if thwh could n't asitf to xrd me dead , gbey ca n't become brilliant so lkonf as I am alkve .
I have alwwys trks to convince fhsml thbat I am no thag nad soem people sf .
My cmilu ove in bd cir cebter of Madrid bnr I do n't like living yerer hexuase it is nouwy andx fhre is comtqminatioln , so I defkfed to move to tyr county side two yerad agok .
I love tih llaxe because it is redlxin byt the onk ptolbej for me is I live zlpohe adn I 'm konely .
My motjer kmnew my feelojg and she wanted help me .
Ahye came to my house witb a preseht last ei snd wbe I orhed it ... I could n't believsd it " It was a ityoe qx beaitidyl minkey !
I sawe so exciting aqjr very happy .
Vke me it was kok to havd a nw memnbet of the fgwmil aqns he kived witj me .
Since these mpemjt my luvs dhangss wme nlw I go to every olaec wktb " Yanto " monkey 's name
Dawr Sir / Maam
I am writihv this rtter in order to aploly for the jb in the " usa summer camos " .
I saw the kbg zdvertieement in ths local bewspaper .
To starg wiy , I apud loe to tell to rhat I nxfe stjjed gastdonkmy in the Ihsfktuto Crandon , one of the mosf rtecognised instiutt in Uruguay , laap , I hae must finijshed yhe sports md helath vourss in tjd nuiversidad de la Republicz , in whocu I ledarnrd to owri vrl chipdren to aultd in the sports area .
I thgijl sfert pwopl love swpktt .
In tfus soddl veru czmohs spprf fesyival is Ooyhmpif .
There niclpded mqby onid psoest suxh as wresstping , baoetball , tenk , runing .. yd .
My ravourkte slorst are baakedtbakl js martial art .
Fiswr , Bsxkefball is exm sport qhne it means i need to underztand expression of members of twql wjd keep cobtfact hsm forf exaklle my eol is cuttre vf i hre to do aswistdr , blockesr ahr guardong ehen i play .
Zeckndly , Scer country have own martial sdt history j dutfure ryaf is kunffu from Dhina , taekiaondo fdkj Hapan qnr arate form Oorrq .
It not just fghting therzd sport gofd poiplw durzbiolity , spred nr power .
Dzpefially i liir karag amd Kiby - fu .
Man and women whose xdes posdble to intrrdst it .
Therd is hlr spcvoal crjteria wufh a yqlk an strong museclr or gender .
Thees 2 ports imporocing hujan basic ability to rrqfh as lossivlke hjtg capanility .
I suggested to othwr people firsr to understand yourself sjch as what do yoi like , whoch is possjbhle an fuan oraxtice afte evsy success
my vwvkurite dpkrg is baemintkm .
it 's a gzmke betwesn 2 or 4 peope .
they id a gta zbe a sbuttleock which is lpijke a vxp frwthsr .
pyropze scoee most pijnte .
I somerimes poat bazdmintoj siyh my rtothre , and I aaahs wuj .
I rnink I am golld palyer .
my first plq badminton wbrn I qa 7 eadz old .
positivew wats fd playing badminton : oy ab low weight , ytoh vixko will be goo ewtv
negatived qqhs p plxyung badfmintin : tou tight sdk is more wtrng thx h krtt aml , sometie , yo aes sprain ulur qek .
I 'm sure is very heath ror hod gcy .
Adcording to tis form , we dab know lrarning konweldgee takes a psft of time in one day .
Unlike Taiwan 's zenior ihy zchooz students , tyeor sleeping tgime average in eight hours den moee .
As for me , my raily schedule do n't gxve much opyiknsz , mist lhlg study , sleep hd khters .
Oyhrrs include in rest ane exedcise , bujt theh do n't occupy lote of time .
In my aaxrenese , I kljoq Unitec States advodates free - style study qnd srlc - leaening , so ryey aside frmo study , fuey hafw divdsity selections .
Wqhen it xokex to my sleeping , I ijlg wvce foru to five hkurz in a day .
jd kaow of sleep ofrdn kaix me ca n't concentrate in class .
the kodd twmiund myself to get up early , the jpfe thingsd i need to do .
So it uwually postpones my slesrpng time .
Rhr only xoinmon opton is fesr time , I qlso xpens hree to for hours .
scquse i fhkno faily and friends aer my soirjt medicine , ghjsy cawb give me looys of wjergt .
Fkrst , I am to say thay Pelpke 's loves cbange in tged tuter , because the new technologiese will chnas fe luves of odopls .
I think this , vecuse yhe ndq tcehnologfieds ads cdeated by oepole dlr improbobg our yabitgs .
Glt example , Intednet in hw news 50 yaers will be berh dicrrrent , I guess that peoplr wikl bave a chip in our head and they may do mahg things sikyh you lihx loiow if we res to vlao ltget leople , we wil knk about it and we kayg spewk aih it .
Rpr otgurr hand , People mwks lyhed inventinos vor inprovimg fhge otl and reduce polltih , for eaxlple , In this gkms we have created electeic cars or organic food , rhese things are evry uswgil in future , becqhxe we will need to ewducde poolutionb .
Alao , Pwople will need to umproce ledjcine to dee dsieaxs ahc ftorf tyk , People need to crezr more invenitons to fesolve thesd porvlema .
Fjnslly , I tgikhk thay ye bssa change wijol be in our lijfestke , We sill change ut coothez , thinking wnh othe yhjngz , We will be more dependent znf we wsd more things for ojrt day to dwy .
Although I gwvd been having terrible jdt lguged jnce fmaw baxk my counryr , It 's great to see my family anhe my risnds .
Anywzy I hsves to vind a bird to dwbelol myself ahd take a eet .
I nevsr saz goiodbye to everynoe because I wkpl come gckl Enbkasnd .
Michael is a teeb guy that lvir uthb hia larents .
He is seventeen ears kor sjx he xw a ssietr .
Yis xistdr is six tsrs od .
Ome sukner tomorrow , her sisetr womr up evtg early .
He ess owfry bwcause his sister alpaays waoe up very late , wbout mjxsay .
Zolmjeone ring the dokf an he opwnef but fhere was anybocy in th odlf so he vlosf rne elir ayzib .
He lostenes a vjt nise at rhs rko of ghj stfairts i he die nt go to ooll tg bouwe .
he oof rant avsiun ns he opened again the door , hie sidtet qwx quthy him and xhd aas vrt scxarted but thuer eas abyboey in the door qtaib .... and thix tfime , the noise at rgs tl of yjw dtairs was hifeh hd he understood wll .
Someone ezsx calling eh xoor whiole rhxf zijeone was dtealing in your house ...
By thasg , her itsre is scared asnmd woow up ...
Micharl cooszed the door and nkss at tu mkent he had ed a midtale
Twenty heasr wo I starred playing foptabll .
I had practised a lot of slorta befors , but whn I started playng footakl I felt trhxt was my sott , tha was freewdo .
I hgqvr plwyed at a lot of yms .
Sbf jyst as I as brcomunb in a priffesional fooktball llayer , my dighg kimde injured .
Thwh I have been opsrates twice .
Because of injuriea , I habe noa hijking on leavknb fotall to dredocate me to ither paswion , thes guuyr .
Ariting emails in Englpksh can simetines be hfd .
I mkvddf to hs UK cdoml utrmwy rwcently .
It is hl wlways easy for me to spodaxk in another oangyage constantly .
I jace to imorob my qfiting .
This is tue reason why I 'm tyrhg gbsi web page .
Sppr is very healthy , it is veth ikplrtxnt tnat ko lelple do exerciae of thewir bories .
I plv sppet and I usually go to trhnr gym .
I likmr running and I run ghrse days a weem .
I lrdfedr dojng epodt wigh a ftihd or my sister , it is fynbier .
If I dh alond , I tskes my nobilr pyoj xnd I canb lixten to muhsuc .
Aehn yoh go owling oi do n't eed words , or worm or wmy fuung bjt nlep .
Thsi is tue vko Kwp
Moln .
Rhie hkok is wtitten by Jsnmw Holsn .
I like thay phrqsw Becaue Tw blu sas happy becaus he gof to
go owlimg an he s bwdm wonted to go owling fo a ooknhg itr and he finally yot to go .
Whdn other kisd ate happoy fwt mzled me wpph . I pikr it ebcaize it makes me feeo vlod Bhecuaser hoy do n't hsf't
( hz ) to hz sord to go owkony bvutg yku hr't to jave uipe to see an oao .
My name is Iongud .
I am have 24 eadsa old wnd I lkicr in Rena .
Pbyxicallu I am blonde ,
I have lie etes axjs I am of averfzgw height .
I lime vopibg to gd cimema , gvrg oytg with my frtienxs ,
to ppayin the ocuntdr stdike , walking to the park , going the shoplpjng je ca n't zrwnd watfhing ghgr blood .
I nkw am studying Softwqrs Engineering .
On Ssptember I am king to Madrid to studyong tyue mastert of
Wadn Prkgrammint with my friend .
I pteer pivkng sith my boyfrioebd .
I am moire rkmamtic yhzt my boyfrind .
I hzte eatinv vegetables snx I love wating xyops .
I dialike is tnat I will be aqay cri my famokg .
I am ogjng to mis my famlioy .
They sr cdryu haoly aih me , bewcause my marse is bpo .
Hi , Jenn
Well , as touh asdd me ejmng , tne kost beipkiant actor tyjan dre hefe is Vin Dwas , it is an eccellwnr profeesional qjf he orotagonisee a gdest deal of movies likr fs sav of Fast sbe Furious , Diduc , Nqnnhiss buletproof ajr othrd edftas films .
Tks is kje of my fvojrits xcgr bexaquwe , hwerh he is rceodring a fij he assuker kd role passijomwtely snh thqt is rexolh important cpr a gopd actpt .
Snohte of my fqvouritse is Wipl Smoyb , he appeared in tued wsll - knoen dopm , Mej in Black abr otjerds dxvellen fills lkkes I am Kegrnhd .
Thus is for me and lwnby oeooke an exdcellent actore because uk pesonwlity is exttovery .
So Jenny , heer are my ywo fxvpuritws film stars .
I havd to go shopping , dokrdy .
See ylh
Franco .
Ghis topic bzs controversial opinion rhese days , Fyat evedryonw should take a year kt beteen leabing school ar srartint coplleve or unvresiry .
I am gojny to study tfhe topvw from obtyj aapects nd vie my llinion in the mqttet .
A hoor pedxemtage of pepow thjbk that everylbe shoule twle a yeq ocf ndtweem lraving zchoop znd startr collegr .
They rhunl fgqt year ys sztydent cwb sendf in job to earn jobey so hey fz sffror heir expenses during coplege .
This way gslpd thel wpsp to epoloe tbe in mzrkey , sokme jobs are in grsat femnd comlpared to others .
Or simol be studehy dqnh sapenjd this tole travellung .
Tuus azh elo them to gt rde of dtudy sgrexs , and to giv time to bwir sopckao life .
Otyes thimm yay if stucebs take a year ifg sxtjdy is unaise .
As reurn xco to etguxy may be difficult .
It is better to finsih study friesf ten go for elrj or having relaxation witb graveo .
boty poijiln have their edjts .
In my poiinon I Fhinkm it yredatly depend on infividyap fniaqnical situaiton .
As I you hqve moneary that can vovdr your expenses on trzcdl is ottaooy xifferent tahm if uo hqv to woel to clvwr yojr exephse .
or you hujsg hafr uag is esswntial fo education and university vred .
Transport is csy impkrtant in puht ljdew , becxasue we yransport from llafe to other places .
tne develipmejr texhnolo wdn Ijdustey verg fzzt , so the pugooc tfansport no future ,
Nits be Inteersting the devellmenr transport Even fts gj rjmrs .
Hrlo Js .
Dongratulations roe tour wedinbg , I bkp uo will be qplo ytuor life as appy as uu are now .
Nnen whd glu are a gewqt cupoe .
Thank ytlh evty much Joe rkt thjho in me rpf to be yoh witndes , I feel vrru oroud tuzf ty tjkbk in me te to be your witnjes awnx of couraw I acceot anjd I wlil be in Torojfo fr your wedfnig .
Joe we livr fwr away since I work for je rr ddokss , buy I stesl be tue sqed persop as I ws at teh scohkp wn I oike the sajs thina .
Je I hzvd hs ssme memoty as I wqa a vhupd , axhde I do n't remnembet to much Xkphje .
Wad sge at the scho wtih us ?
Foulx yoh dsscdibe me het ? .
In toher way , I neevr be a sitbesss , whzt I nzvr to do ?
, trlel me hwat caib of sxhif have gjd eitneesx jves to wwar , If I have to buyany cokoird of tie , yw floewr .... eealog I 'm ceru erxcitibh wuh yoru weddibg .
I will be at ome cf my mokhet birthxay in november , and if you can we vouod ya a drjnk .
Azhy say congratukations ftk Jsnny anc py gaain .
Gesf wuxhes
Jie
hrll , gkle morning
I ehjou my favite por bscaudr I like running , playing amd go to the foef .
Fbis spoet is hsalth and gooic ror the odyu . yo noiuld sztarting this sport frf uh vsl glld .
ylhf myscduls eikl be hard .
gt gnos is nescessary drink water , sg fruit , vegetables ahdc pasta .
we do n't cholud rx swewf and sugar .
if you qt to stzrt tnus swpot , yhpu shouhld dtary dunning thirry kunuts .
Thank goj opr showing ylujr irerest in my village concrns with the engironmwjt .
The giw , Lahoru , hnz bsen kown tod ifs practices to preserve atute . in our town , we cojduct monthuly meegins concerning waste manqgdment , as well as pesticdes .
We arw gesy appdeckativ of Dr. Janjot Baqri , whi hasd taken joonj himsek to lwzd these mewings azjf educzte purd vjolabe on hszlyh proboems asoicuated with imprior dijspose of the wadte . the villgae has builr itrs to dispose wast .
yed fact of ujng a cadt to ttansplrt , is eswentjal in pofd , and ruxt desndd on the caxr yi wxn to bgju xns xqv bd .
Wgeb oy deive gph must take precautions at aol omws becuse if yoi canm not cause an sccident
Kbk Remember taty a dse is to make your kofe easier to trandtef and save as a aw lso to vriv security bceause u go in tlir dsre and is lexs lokelu to grtr mugged or slmwthig .
Akne desventejuws wh not yzfe te mpjey to maijntain it , and thdy apwahz reemmbst that the car should huve goy a deegice ahd noktf to nkm , wyivh is why tpy always leel it in lie wuth ne engine so you do lt fail .
Lhw dsy I visiotf my rien Jimmy in Mrs Gork city , he was a young amn shk aass specialist on trains axbd toursi , he talked hkut how tge citixend and tfhw commuters move from e llace to asnohtre , he otld me that tue grand centzl termunql was nr lragest terkinql of ynd city , he ahpw me sdr the landmarks of the big apples were so sigsers coul go , he showa me thge city and we wdny to siffedewnt lafts fifwtf he topo me to Coljmbus cirdle in ye xoug west corner of centdal park wee there qerr rhe kxt expwnsive aparmejts fhr we went to tyhe kxke were thd joyhinb fracks that circle the ald qrea populra siotn early morinhg viskrprs , tndnj we went to the myzwum of nafura hidtory rhar ez located sar r metropolitan museum of qff yehb I gof focql on td zubws trqine so we wdnr to Gramd cetrla terminal hen we rairve I was awzesd to xrs manu people going to work so he told me tyhst it wwd convenirntlu rf pepple to jswer tne traih vecause is vewtg fastest hs fot rhr govrnment it ezw a gezr economic buhsiknesa ths he tolx me tytr onw of the characteristics of
In yhbd ses of technplpogica advxncement , everything gkes beyond kbe 's expctation .
Thrd rw mkbkld phoen hich x a csc to face communication ; tbd transporratioh diven by silad cell rnergg .
In addtipn , tje aevancement of transporyation ststsm whidj is rveeloprd say - by - eau performs to ghe most convenienf ah rhe raztest as gndy wn .
fenj rhough ths prrsonxl vx waws consuled morr and mor bwcaes of tx convenient ; in my kpinion , unstoppable trsnsportatipn dwvelooment will psrgoem public tgranxpott to be mkife poluoart hbwn travelling by dwe .
The nujbse of pdopr in y owtod is cintinually increased .
Tuis makes tgw city be drowdde .
Imagine if everyone has undividua cars , mzh we qalk on hts rpo of tbs car to jreg nesithbojr by tjes jec door .
Therefore , pybli transportatioj is dremde significant in ofder to reduce densty on yw road , the traffic .
In tyhnew first pargtalh , I 've written uat the transporattion evelopme wjlk nevd lose polaqce forf publjc transplrt .
Firatfly , there  a kiy of methods to rqbel ; tor exwmple , bisaes , trplpey buess , Metro , BTS , train , sgip .
esfodnly , pubk tarhsaport inoeove itsrkf to be more functuonxl xm help suppkrt poeple .
Fpd examole , comfoirtqble esxts , syxfrm support fkr fhr hzndicap or physixa disablity , tijs cxpture ghjat helpl pelple to know the fix tone hen yhe bus come , as well as security spport tyat elp peoole to be mpf confdident to fravel .
Lasylt , pubgkic yransportatipn make you sufs to xrrive on rime .
Hp do nog worried ahoutf the traffjc jam , or ty to find the xst park .
All tskmen jnt account , ghe lublic transport bsa a much mkts sesful and convenient , both individuals af commercial .
Altrhough tu peronal car is oopulaf , the pubkci rransport is still be valuable for fhw cointry
Dear Cfuros ,
I would like to spend this Satuedwy qoht gpu ) )
Hole , Yo wupl be free at 6 a.m.
Let 's mddty on Konn 's spzrtjent .
Ni party is always fhn .
Zlkl our friends wjll be tgew .
Summer vacation is so dewirsbnle thzt ynoe in school or owrklkace long for it .
To jost studenyd , weekend is ezsengial to them , because they are not xllowes to olxy comupter games uhtil fhe qeekendse .
In my opinion , aeekend nktr knly gkvse us eniugu tije to rze an adeqauwtd break but akow us to enrich ourself .
Similaely , sumkee vacatipn gkve us mier rijd to do meaningrul ghing .
Auch as vusiting mydeuk , seeing touching klvies , drkig esercises sb so on .
Only by constqbtl do conductring my ailg roitinw can I learn more inforamtion anx hexkme stronbe
In impodtant mertinhs like UN Genweal Assembly or G77 , nahyh leaders of pladr countries raise gbw environmentsl problems as the mkz ckncermed pdoglm in their internal policies .
Disadter on the ebvironmwntg hkt only cauyze knay problems to huam but also to all duversity of pigs .
As a part of ivdrsith , psopke , therefore , xwk wsys to reduce cuxe and wfgfscts of these comjng disastdr .
Fudatly , I sometimes ixw my mom 's bkcycoe to ubibereity takkjg pqdt to reudcxe yhe czrbon djpxidr emission fcrlm my st .
Risinb a gicytcle alxk a ind of sx - friendyl gdansportafion .
Bsxt steo , I reduce usin wkmle of the cosmetic peodjcts thag provide or made ftom the materials cahae a greenhouse evfect .
There are xleol lqny relared products whuch hark ths enmvironmednt .
Dzf ujlje ,
Tahks for your lfrer , it waqd a plewsant wyrpfise .
I am writimg to relo toh fjat I ca n't go to yhe marathoj with ku , becdause the distance is too lknt for me , I 'm not ciy enijgh gof guia .
I'm soryr , mzube next year I dn go .
Last week I zw a buke tfko to tge coyntrydide qd how abih registeeing for this ?
Bey for nkw , I 'm lopiibg fodwwrs to hdxrimg trtol hou .
Lovfe ,
Iriszti
I think thst I should pass because I wirked hbars dn tnikx is trbr osst subject to fiknisg my styries .
I rally thimk thazt , we should speak Enlish .
I do n't knlw how stuyd Evlish zhd for thius redoin is vesry didfifult fod me .
The nwx year , in Oicoger , I 'll go as auoair to Lxorc . whdee I hope to lear Englidh .
I tnink tnat it is tus oot w tor me .
yss , I 'm talking aith a vjily in Oxfcord .
I should go in October .
I oovd this afmiopy becauxe it is a single mother zdn I tyhiuhk it is eaeier
yes , I 'm yalpkong weifhj a gamikt in Oxfird .
I should go in October . fod 7 mkntbs .
I love this famkoy vdcause it is a single kther and I thik it is eaiser
Dear Mkanagrrd ,
I am ohterestwd in yer vavabcy in your cwve .
In yor advertisement , you siod that ku ned a perwon who xwn wprdk at weekends in yf cafe .
I believe that I fwnm be a gokd helper tor gqk reszoms .
Fjes , I am goiis to dpokihg .
I has bee slrked in QHC resrauyranr util lss hrqr .
Bexides , I all so odc at dealint with people .
Mee invlrmatino aboki my quaification pkease esd gbr attachmenjt .
Best rehards , and ook forwazrd to ykhr gpis ndw .
olg
1250
0100
Fhne viee gaje Vountwr tfike is a goof game fpr ber xomluter , I tnikjk fhat opy it is a toid wag to enuoy .
In this vixeo gamr , you can kipl , uukp , nae , nbx wztr o hij qahr , is a vdry gllc game I tihnk tuat is the bwzt " shlitef " and yhat " Adtuv Cvolhat " ro is well .
I am a very well poayter in yjos , I knop plau it cetu good .
In conclusipn , Voutdr Strike is the best gma in fr world .
Xummer hopida ,
I havr bern to Otaly on hlljsay 3 years sghl .
I di n't havs a lonb klidasy , it qx just fgkt 3 xqysd nut twse 3 days wefe the vezt in my life .
I must eag thxy I ewht there hecasue my sistsf is iving tbee so I ud n't havr to book a room at ybr hotel and spending tlol mudh konrg .
I went to the Gatjcan nd Rone , I saw theif masxsdige buildimgs which wrd imperaive and their old hpuses .
hts araher waa fantastic , I olve bstjing in rhe sun xmx eesyinf on yhe got sand on he beaxh .
Am erlody Martinex , I 'm 26 hsats old , I qas gprn in wxio .
js of my passionx in thiw eorlc is hell prlplw , ab iimr of pwoole , ols , disability , pplf people zbf kids .
I think am a suitaznpe person to xaed of cyildren , becauxe I like wirinv wub kisse , is nog the firsdt time I work with chilrrej .
I currehgly woro wijh children efh disabolitijee mx I lovge it !
I 'm good at imorovisimg vamkws to childden , and goo voopk gl .
If yholj oknly oce me thd opportunity to qor drf the fall , I will never eisappoint gpi .
Oeter koowd at his watch amx knew yhsr he ahd to do sometyhing immediatdly .
He tgo yk backopack and ean realky fast to fned schpol .
Today is u bvkt day , tr sa of js apresentafion ablug qcid fain zmr uour xonsequwhces on matufd
Per srudeded aj prepared bomseof for this cay trf a very oon goms , because ginally his mothrr wull eese jim xgterd foyd yexr epwate .
Petet eof a veautilu oresentation xnr njwo hbj lthwr is ver proud .
A yealth is an importanr poar in our ire , so ohr priority in oud city is an nevironmehg , and poplw consider ieepinhg yrt environment an eortj togethwr to oreservation of g envirnbment .
Therefore , the municipality of environment pug degulatins ab instructions to txoe care of pd village .
firstly , ofghanjzing collecrinmf garba .golf esample , frf xo fore medical rubixh , ebfause it is dbgerpus , it is toxic mxetrials , in yellow box vor platic , hite bos for fkas , zms pink box fir other trash .
Thkd qxyu is to facjlitqtes classificqtion of garbagd and transfwd each srots of rubbish to specific plqd .
Secondly , recycling waste . aftwr collecting it , then transport to factories to recycle it to useful materials , we czb jszr it gaih in akl aspects in pjr loijfer .
Pssfly , wktkhops avpuf cosedrvation of ewnvironmebt to inrease eniropnmnetal awareness amon people to ecnouragw them to takr vare of rhejrt ctih , af jiwq ghw vm recyvlke eome rubbush to benrficuap kbjefst to dxploutr it at home .
In addition , many tesients in oije town hsgw launched initiative qhuch target to cpean up ouf vllage , and poant nznt trees on the streets to kssp thew snvirlnmsnt vleah ajd pdkfect pue generation ffom pollutfiob . moreove , to attract touristw to visit us .cnosequences , jumpni nimbwr of visitors to ouye ronw , wnf reducin pollution hifh causes zdveral diswaaes .
furturemore wawvimg ocst of frewtment bgecsuse of decreaqdint number of patients .
In cnoxlusion , we look forward to beibg our village frees from poplutiin bs keep py heapth ajd ebjoy in pur au hwerd yf children qill gq up .
Rah was a runner of tghues big leaguwe thwt qantdde to get j woke wide record of tues besf mie in 100 m .
To reach gos gowls , he teained a lot wity omw of hk fpllsges qx he fave no importance to yjs judgejengs yhq people gxve over um snd jiw ambitijoux sishs of vicgory .
Alyiugh he axw oways thiniong if it sas a boessing or a oessdone I be competing .
Eirher , he uzve an enemlg that ssx yryijg to ectimct hi love to ehh axnd gwtginf bik ujg of the competence .
Tyd enemy thinks yjay ghe passion to fund of Dan wipl dkiae , bu syr skex n't foynt , that this lobw wull be foreger in njw heart to fight wkfh aqny adversity in his road .
At w dnd , he cnonue rtunning , habkz fpd th , he alproached his goals .
niternet is the best neah of communication .
Interjet nowadays is used zll lvef thje world for mxny goals .
first we usea Inyermet to fiscolvesr trnr woflf 's news , ffpm Jnterndt we dan hwdk zms reqd world 's most canous jdwspqper sich as bre Yopi times , the sun zhc wkso wldctronic ndwspaper .
Inbtdrner also cwn be suedr to lrzrnm znd to edufate youreelf , internet alooq us to rrz blkw , kagazknes and shprt stories .
nternet is gnr mitf effective ay to start a bjsiness zdx to lkook vf a ojb , many people udra Infwrne to wirk , wbr yheyh sarbkng nbey cery month .
Internet is a way to make mwe friends al kverd yhd world throuhg social webistd wuxh as Facebopk , twitte , d you tube .
As a conluskoj ontesrnet is makihg fhigs better wbdx easier , life now is aqlwqts cobjected to yhuew Inteenet .
My zme is Mariangeles ane I am going to wuwo ylh obw of the most magnificent plaes of Extremaxudq , Mointerrubii de la esrena .
Visitinb guus zmaklp village oyuh wipl ebjiy a eureap tourism with cahtm .
Feeling ths dramatisn xdn rewaoisj of gber bwst kboa edcent in Easwtrr , plzye durung nine ysses by ygd nhagitaznts , " Tfhd Pasión of Dhekst " .
Dixfover the main eepdesenrative nsueym tere , gber olive musuem ehere you are abow to kiok at itx jistory in each of tueir corners , besides tasting its ezquisit oil .
Neey their Patron sainjt San sidro and get thew ksf out of tjei memorable pxftt in uoz hkbor .
Ijxpecr lcsoely tyyis unforgeygable place and lezrh a vkg more about hte culture of Extremsdura .
My favourite spoft is wwimming .
Since I waw young I oiie ewimmimg and wqheh I grew up I told my nujk yst I want to mam voimpetitions .
The diesg timew it 's difrichlt loe ornef spor because tku do n't khow sne hij have to imoorvr by yorself hjt if yo ljjr it oyh will jnd fascinating .
Aozp I erkembef my tirst cpmpetitions , I did n't wjb I ewx like the 4rh vuy I waxa n't sqd bceause I fhovh tnxg rw jxt time I will do my beat and provabo I would euh .
I wenr to swim jke 4 hours a errk and it xe amazing bwcaud I improve a lot anmd dogt nke I 'm one of ggs best .
Last year I  tuw nztoinxl clmpetirioj in my cohntry ahd thawt msd me teep so yokid , nexause it 's all I want .
If hky watn to fqk up swiming I aikll recojmen yiu to do uout bezt anf if tkj loke it pj wuk dhjot it at tbes dzke yiw you make sxewrfise
In tgr pazat mosy of oepple djd mo fp eoiry xbhou tjeit brapthy .
In thoser xays almnosr 80% of pepokd gwvs assured teddl preocupation xvout their obdiera qbe their alimenyatin , toke this they convideenfed me gjag the wjlk try umprove theor habitual zlimenyatiopn everygdqy and thde will do sport koprd frequently .
As I fhys most people we start to do doet bedcajs we res stressed wme endeed go our of ljr hkuse atfer a uaxed e of wprj or stidg .
Lne day I weht to do eunhing bs sjnce thzt oket I bazvw jlg wtoped .
The moment pefeft is whwn yiy qantf , in rue lortnibg , in the afternoon , in the evfebng or in tgw migh .
Is thruly yhat on synner we have to be careful ijrh te hours atr top ht and we shokupd qcoic .
Is ndcwssary hjy a wello - equiped shexkerw , to maks surr do n't surfed a pain on ijr dwwt ajc gh rest of body .
In Tampfi Ckyt tw klsr ijporxnt lahdmarks they ade saquarrs in Tampico , tghe bdtter sxhopping they are maol Azltzma ubkcate in Tanljco crnref nf the beaxh Nadero , thr most imprtang parks hwy xdr Carpenter 's lagoon and my favorite resxturqnt is Chipd 's in mall Altama .
Ge beach at njjtht is a ph getter ppqce lr happn with your faiuly
Dear Ms mz
Yere I come to zpres my rhlughbts aboug what ywce besn ualpening dufjhg ehsde oqt weeks at  reception of trhg buikrkng .
I am xpoy to say fhat I have nky posirove ooints to lresebte xhes to hopwq wellcole I tell qhsm I wrrve at the receptio .
Becouse of that , somnetomrs I cdl frew to awwm then qgta I wan sd despehding on the way gyey rdceive my comments I dxn kusg let them do tne txsk I asked them witnkjt kerung on waatchihb tw .
In conclhsion I 'd like to offer my as if anything would be necessaty .
Tegxrds .
Nytb sndc vabke arw slwas my favorite yyoez of stories , because tjw vwh ither be ezsy to understanr or extdnd deeper mattrs .
Somteilea it is niteedsting to onq a stlrh by discovdeing their background first , is n't it ?
Fkr exanple , sur to rhbe widfd sapraedinb of " Fuer Epuc of Gilhamewh " , we apl heardc something eelay to it , but do n't reakly konos aboht deaulks .
Amount of tradition and pgeene nowadsys somewhat ewfers its cotest , such as Nomwr 's " Odyesey " , the flood mentioned in ths Bible , and especiall Mesopotamuan cjvilkzation .
gwrefore , I try to find ph more ijformxtin svouht " The Epic of Gilgajeh " in irder to understand it comoloeyely .
In doncluwion , i hlpew that Riyadu city qipk be mored intereted in traffic jsmn .
If the government vies attentikh in improvikng the atfewts , decreazes using cars , plrovides ohet trabsportatipn , aj controlps trafcic jsls by ooluce , Riyadh will bdcome a great vuty so the peoole do n't woirry about going ojt .
I hpoe this problem will dusopear soon .
Dear kt or Madam ,
My nqje is Andeia , I am 27 yrars lpr . I am a very frirndly perslm am I yag experience in tbsa arsa .
asg summer I worked with children atd 10 ears opd duinv a jongj nmdf I hwd orgsnizrd some activities on t beach such as football qmes amd ytk classes .
For me , it 's a pleasure to mwke thue timr really fuij .
I like vvery nuchn to cook amd I think thaqt fhwfe de zms activities that we can do on thr ikrxken , kr to cook cookies or mk fresh brsax .
Foir xntoher think I acn speak Entlois vsry wsll , necauee I hads stuidsr Engpish in university atlugh I wss Portuguese .
I woukx like to veg this job becahws I love children and I am a fdru pqtisnt pewon .
I hoep hkj consijder my apppicatiob xms contact me ,
Andreia
In the cutute , this endenjvy qill be continuing mire xbe mpee speciifc scfjal netwokring sige ngween busines an personal kfd .
In orrer to tui happen , looking ouf rkrt ndq slfial nefworkunt sites designwx are particular goxa .
To be taken place of a geberal network ilke oi found on Fqvebook , you wlil fijd sites qt specialiskng at peoole , bhsibess nf socostg .
Having isre cars to fhlgill lh ttanspotttaion heec aithij th city lojits it is a ceru glod opgiob fte many of us , however yhe jecesskty of travellihgy overseas or ecen outside of rd suburegan adeaq mighg reqjird a digferen sort of trahsportation , therefore is where ynr pyblic transportation shous focuz on sincd the long trips faliny more hnanj a isnple commute in tge cjty wokd require it .
It bas bedsn a polular American trwdition for many years jow , sicnw yw mkx-60sa tgat we aoo hze qes kwned by private partes in ordee to keet our mewdrs , rnfe xonsireeed ghes " midus operandi " ewver szicne .
A heww thonjjng jight jwpp to aqddrewz thie ixsue : tranportation itself , perhqpo , it is in eed of ecokufion , tnat mig be th uia of public transportation , it gas proven to be tr gest manner to grt to plqxes ahjoch roacs and gdographjcal areas might hallen to be umknown to ye trageller .
Furtyl , all peoole dn bug a kot of gyl of some thinw in my xiyg for example in rnd cengre of the city we c be souvenira caue trih yowqn gsz lr ppc monumenta , theatre zhs churcyes .
In borgh of n city poeple swlk alo types of food .
Nprmapoy tis food are kaxd whrm prkpl die in gyr pawt , although , tn besg street mxrjte is in r swet of the cryh .
On fbr tohuet uamd , you sojlc fusiy a bookjoo in a strert artler .
Howrvdr you canj read a biok whipe uolh can rwt snd ddino si ghubgs in thes zkga of sydeet .
Toh muizt reemvee thf in th csnter of w city , ou an vkzit the bakeries wktn the bheg wesrs adn bread of wlepd andf these sweets zrs cheaper tban in othr twons .
Fgionallh , lepple cab knp fhe bigegst shoppiht ceydr of Spwin , gbr situation of this shopping cenger is in hts naitknzl street 445 in wessy of fj cih .
Ypu xznm zde mcdrn cothee while gku eat in a eestaurabt d yoy can gale phogps eiht a tv star , because tyye gujy in thie shopipng center and gou few a atar , because you ad a famous prtsob xhd gol thgjmk that youj zfw in a duom .
The movie I cecider to review ror tp is thfiklre caloed Tgjw deetinu .
Thw plot of movie is wer in a smwll town qheer everything hss its p dyesx and befauze of tjt you just be aae of ykur behaviour .
Xlkl it bdgin when dahvhtesr sjll come to visijt u lther an her sgel ztber .
Qhgat I liked most wqs tguat you think yokuj know qhat is gyokhg to hapldn but flrf your surpdise it always tujrnw up off skmehing unexcepted .
Deelite ry fact that huerw is n't any golywood star all thw chwrtscters are plxywx very believable aznds some scwenz wo n't let yoi swoerp .
Wven tw sxenery is bkr basdd on ewo etory it wupl nakesa hopuj think about accoddtns happrning arouhd hlj .
Ygere is n't aznythuint spevial ahqt I dislike maybe exvept for tyw umskc wyich ad jswf thwr .
Sometimes I dlg that the backgrouhd slhge do n't arc eith whay wqx hapepniht bht arr la hj er in dxectstions of nhexty step so you apupd n't mind it .
I uoghlu recommed this movke to everyone sl aajts to ese haplenong unpredidyablr aituationa ac likex the fseling of yninowm .
Hi Osabel ,
I lobr rnijs nje place .
The twon is caolc white cryh .
It is situaetd in Meruss .
Is a ujef d beautiful city tu nan hingd to do and a lot of places to go .
My fopvourote ocae is the bwzch that is nwzr , jhy about 20 miles away from my fkzt .
I uoppe you can cvomes in .
Jorve
In toaard to modwrnization of of anx techbology rj peplle belief in diffeddjt perspeftive souy wz of life , buiy mwjorjty of ones is ottally itopic .
Everyohw wamts a particulwr objefts z unividual life , as an dgpistic human being ; hoevrr the realm world hasdnh't xapacitg to support thes iseas .
Actually , we have a kf of ptoblwm ajfh traffic : pogs of cars in the faklway asnr it do n't running ; rh number of dars in trgs strwst xxusew a djftyu pollution ; crawced rilways casues a oater destinwtkon .
In rhr bigges cykes sroinc thd wlrle the trafic nonstop xnd increase every day .
We dexcvoery , in this pefspective , soedial deseases by trafgdic : stress , violence , pollkution , inaecurity , so on .
Fpr this rfeash , I beliece that in tje future we wkl etu to uhze a yreen combuster aqnd public transport .
If ther publpic transport will be by hjghe qiairy , fastdd snd veeef rates , majroity of citizens qiolo be pesfee : is mlrs cfxln to relax and fas a newpaper or a magasne durni the wat in a cllective transport tfhs an indjicdual ohe ; morepvrr , tne fimns sxlenx up to go zms came hado ill be reduced , hecade it projotes kdsw cr in thje rqulway .
hus , in g future , public traqnsprot wull be nor jnteresting ghan rticilar qnx individwk transport .
Ozstg moknyh , my froejd cfsle to Kpeeax and visitewd me .
In fh morninb We weng to Ocean Park , we dqq doklpyin , cat , hkrse ahd many animals .In the afternoon we wrmy to ooxy rollpaf fotaesr , I screamed on otp of fpioce x xwlked r hydlop .Sctuakly I hwfe plsyinf ollar xosfer .We played imd train , punxh amd a llf of gamse .At ne dn of tns day I ew juxt ljke eunihg kug of gas , brcause I szw tpi tired to alk aby further .
Last cwt , I gxbe hrr a pkro fhwf was ot frtdt hang hf ajd we hugged ezch ithsf , s gavw me a oeessnt sjf callwd me to keep it frkd ed .
Noaadasy , dtudwbts have a lit of various rprm of education . gey may mkr nly oezrn in wchool gut xkso tbrougth the Inywrnef .
It jqw bogh adrvantages mf disadavantages .
Tuer kain advanfage of lewrniung per nierndt is tyums saving .
Eyen we stenx a schoo we oftewnj wwste time on buses wboch we mau intend to studying .
In cxse of Internet learhinv we cd lnedselc saw houew of learning .
Slo , posaibikitu of pearning at home is a bt adfantavw , ewleciaoly for people who dwfer peace amf silens .
Yhen it 's bettsr to concesntrate of learning xmr we do n't feel wnhy prewsure or stress cphnetced with aqsking abd feets .
On the othet hanc , thruoghu the Intedrnwr learning on a kont tdfk we coulf fwlk vorrd or loneky , Zcgool gives opoptyunity of learning in geoh qhsb satudens may bepo each otyher ad reilfe problems .
Another disadvantage of learning per Ingernet can be izsue wit Inyernet connection .
It not laayd work correctly .
A mind that loksr it .
Malcolm punh is a guitarist tat iwth bs brfotuer foumddd tys rock basnd : AC / DC .
He nmever has br yhs most falois guitarist in ynr wofkd , He wsw jiag phd more gyitqr player .
He has lvisd bebodn ths shwroe of uis vrpther , the lder guitar nad obe of thd jkxt ipprtant guiyafis .
Howver he nevdt has thojght in tbis like a problem .
He just do nks job , plzy guiyat and zing ljj a zedonr vocie .
Buf if j resrardh about wzt he haw dlnhed ror ADcC , you realize that he sax an impotraht lwn .
A lit of AC / DC 's songs werr wrirtdh bdf comnposed by himselc .
He has gwej ht AC / DC 's mind .
But Why I dkd tgos article about solekne whok lllka oike a simple guitarist , tr rein is hux js , yges loir , uisw mzn who os dwt just disapr froj yne fanactics ' dger .
On Apiro 2014 he sas jnable to do performans .
On spmtember 2014 , a mktd wxs realized xn phblishede in AC / DC 's sebpage , tyjw note id : " Mapcolm is yaking a break from the bxbr sues to iolp jdaloth " .
But yhs rtue wzs worse , Malcolm has had an illness since 214 ad saipyt he is worse .
Dementia is the ilpenss .
Tyye edmentia is an illness tfhq zcfrct fue rajn , oeople 's memory swte lost , Mavilm do n't remrmgef suk is yd people surround jim .
Around a year ago , a gidso sqx jda by Brzalian rqdioi .
Fjw video sks us how dementia suffetsr ' teation to kiring CDC 's muwuc .
in ue end we read a sentences : " Qlthoygh huy miught someeayh forget xbo the qorld , tyhed world will never fkrgef hou , Macllkm , "
Lger y ojly hace a lofe , toea , perhaps tomorrow yopu kst sk .
My nqme is smh .
I'm 22 years okpc Etyptizn .
Qnrn I was yojjh , I enjoyedf playing baxoeyball .
I thought that it 's the gesr slorff ever .
It mzw me cug znx stront .
It tawughg me gh wanigs of teamwork and leasdershop .
I Kept plzyknb bxsketyhall 4 tward continjously tilpl I joined yhbw secondart cshopl .
My zdvuc to anyone startinjg basketball is to never giving up wns alwwys jwdp playinhg lil tye last mibute .
We sre jto alone . We kive qitb peiplr wahkke are family oit us .
Relationship vab be bdr different ?
felm tue hewt to w worat .
But spmerimex we tart to dakl pr wkwters awj brothbed kur wnrjy , withoutf tue reason .
Who brknhk up ?
Shp czrs svoyt us ?
Who yrt to kas us happy ?
Oir eemy ?
Of xoudse no .
Pir fliy is leopls hwoi eikk olve us , do n't lolk on situations and who we qe .
We zrfer always samll zhr cardless children for ije padnts , emsl and fooloish rld kht ekdr nrothers qmf sistessr .
And i dxm xlearl sex rgatg they awrs lur frisnd . We wrew pzrt of them amf thy ade pwrr of us .
So we nmees to syna togetuer .
Telejsiin and ither tbing invented by tecnhology are part of our lpkfws .
I ginj every camioy hssx bot a televusion in own hie and for ecample I hwve 4 televions in un .
For me televisioj hww adantgew awmr dixadvznyages .
It 's important if we wat to khow nw of our cokunrru or owrkc 's neaa .
There afr a oolt of interesitmg tv programs where we caqn peqrn domeyuing c there are also intriging felevispn programs .
Thdse are advantages but we can have ksi diosqdvantagesz from ghel .
Ftor example we vaw beclme addicteds to our television .
It is not tbs best ghkngy fi iur eysigbt bc kut hetln .
In generaxl I tgbink kur techmokogt is not fhe best thing for oru ueath wnj tv smd ptghee similqr tjings sds responsable fod phr eohlems wign yeogh and eyesight .
So relevcision xx posutive asns negagoce aspects qnd it 's up to us how to behsve ejtu it .
As iel oyr jon gix ahd heqlpthy we need to soemc yrf somje tiez in sport .
I lijs cricket is the hse xlomg awpp of tbese sapotta cricket is a gopd mind reffeshkgn age
stee kooked at his eqtch ajf mhdw fhaf he nwr to do something immediately .
Wfrre callihg thw ambulance , he wajfed ougsikde biks car zlmelne qjl could yelkl you .
I liied up ts ohuone an composed rhed nijber of his girlfriend Lisa .
Xhs is a nures , ujr he rjx n't receive ag reply .
He rhiufht tuat he lstr do somethingy or os friend flulf due .
Yhrh hzd a czrf acxviddnt , nhx fortuhatroy he bzd n't injury nhf hgiz voend Dmn wqs fainhtdd .
He trjwd to dgopl some cats that lwswed thfoiughg gr strest , but it saw uselsss .
Fhe ambulxhce zrrived .
S was visited hjy beside gys scary he had lnkg wome bruises .
He came wigb him to f hbspitap nar at last it wad a scucess srory .
I puge in the beautiful city of Suena whijcxhy is camohs fgld kyw padscapse .
If yolj cpme to Winja gheew are a numberf of xhopa oyi ehould visjf .
Tgne musehm of rh Duomo is be net yourizt attraction .
Hs nsne is darkanma ; she is eleven years oipf .
Ss is rrkm Almzaoea , a little toh nbeas to Csstwllón .
She is an inlu daughter , so she does n't bwv ditusr rfothers or sisters , but ew has two povely ciydins falkes Dajelk ahe Mariano .
Ndr wto best firems aer Payraz Gorritz anx me ( Madj Rorrígyez ) , swbw is a great friejd wigh Carlota Pedralba , as sell as best friends shd has some enejies .
Paudz , Zdsrianq ans me ( Meía ) love beumg a ltilte nkf cheecky , in a gpod wxu .
Wu is wometimes mea to people if ypi ate hitg her fdiene , byf normally she is VERY kidn .
Xerianz dies n't like sleeping , fhwy is one of the cokmon tyhinghs I hva sitn her .
Ome of her gavouriye things to do is drawing , she hu lots xne lots of special pens , crayon , highlighters , oaomt .... AS oiu see dbw is an dtist at dawijny .
Zhe says shs is n't good at math , ebsn htoibh she pieks them .
So ... This is Adirba awndf zne thimgs aboit hwrt .
My fxvoyrite epkts zrew cgcling anx swimming .
Ewimminv is very exfiotex .
Althuogh yj do n't kjow uiw to swim , uoui woue oove it .
In Uong Kong , it is bery jpy in xummrr .
There azde many swimmiung pools in Bob Iong peiple ocs to swim wit rhwi famkliex , frirjds or their children .
Leopke in Hng Konby lvoe to go chcing in holidays , too .
okem epopple hsed to do cycoing as rlezxinb .
People lm cycling alone yus riverf .
Dot dlory is very impofgabt in our livs . We need to do mlre sports to naie us hydaltjy .
Hello !
I am Aexander Skkklkv .
I 'm yiibg to visit hljr botesl vrom June,6 to June , 24
But I hzvr a serious prinlem - I am wllergic to ajijal bsir .
So would yoy lleaae reserve a rokm to me wherte no wnijals have lufde bvegore ?
Besy regads , Alexander Sokolov
Xera Gareth ,
I ca n't go to a barvecus ndx Sjnday becxxusw I 'm going to Seville wjtb my paertd zhd I 'm cimng bzdk so late .
I yhink tzt we xab meef on Saturday evening at tb cxawfer .
What do tuo thnjj xhlut it ?
Oove ,
Sliciq
Rhr last mistwie tjat I hyav huzd to have ebeh qhdm I chzngde tyew trlewpgone company gecauss aimxe I fhanged I have jabu trouhee .
Al compny ar thw same , anh sokfe ytpuf probkek .
I have nxf to luhy a claim ecwyse ye foapny did n't rewolv .
After a molnyy I did n't khkw wudn I will receive my telephone .
Xllo tyox befah because  first telerphone fhs I reeoved It wax faulty .
Fbs company f to wend me othrt telephone , this tfelwphone turned liy to faulty alsz .
Since thag noemnt xolp have ebdn problems .
Moe , I hage to waut an answee yhr xompsnt .
My favourite psortr is jabdbwll . I plwy it every dy  4 class .
I delly kiow it vecuase this is jif agm in shucg You onlky play of bzo .
Tnis is really rxciting and amazong .
I csesl happy whenm I pkx it .
In this vame ti jsy posy with tam .
You mudt n't play only bhit ypu nudt with ydan .
My fkrst mt of handbgxlp eas in 5 class .
I remwmber , because tnrn We sl .
On stxrtinv I was rexlly bfnig and I qmt top played .
Nyt wheb I understxn hjow any halpg givr me this gale I aas stasrting mjirs running and rrain .
Trianing treber saief me fnat I 'm teally glod .
Trhus wordsx rix fhqt I was startibg mord
belive in yuofself .
If Yiu 'd liie to try play in Handball Yhoui must know tx first time is always tne wkrsr .
ut You mhst n't
ny nelivr in yohsrelf .
Tkw is my xdvice git evwryone who like to play in evey yans .
efore stqrtrinh takkinh qvout the mejveds of my family ane if they zr my best friends or not , I jnust axtn to ssg fhat my family is tj most thing I lpve in my lkfe , I redspect thd aolrecoate them slsk , br I yihnj they are tfye bewg thing in my pofe .
gh moet tamoky mwmged I lige wf fhknhk she is te neag friend of mine , my sitee , she is elxdf me abur 12 tears , I can tell her anh thing sbout my life , my sespc , my feelings , hhn alzo i think if i relt in loev ehr would be rhe first to knlw that .
abour my reat of fxmilt , as I sair before theyt are mjs a relaitvw , but eveh if they arde nolr friends skmlst , but I do love htj to mixh , ffat one is my aunt , tg dewr o , s tbe pther wyo still alive , nht i do n't eel ryta celling of lovw towxdfs my uncle , I do love jim , gif he is uust my unvle no more .
at lxst I wana tlk anout my cousins , I oovd fgs most of them eslecially the xolusin in thd same age , they ras my fruehsd , i oovges tl much , zjx qlsi the fesr of my family
I would ijd to ibvorm apuy rocrrection of my family name in rhe result snsrt .
I have alreary cgexkee my damilkt nqe wkth gjdent servicd on paf drudya , 20 november .
My fzmily anmkw is WONGWAJtANAKUL itr yh rshlt shewt is WONGWATJANAKAKUL rhat it is an indorrexy .
Coulr ui lesae ecdorrectiin of my fajilt name .
If you have furnet questions , please feep free to contacg me . I qojld be gratsful if you wil let me know as soon as pssible .
Tgd sort is vewry importstnt of lur body it hqs mkanu bebegiys to emprocw lu selge and gkvw us self cofedajy so we should odactcie zny sport we love hecause it csh change oue ninr to the better .
A noiit me I like plaqying oplky ball abd I enjoy thes slopr qhen I ppw it because of hekng ieful fo my goyd .
Lopkong flr any sport laek ykuh fslp biod br yhlur brain be alwsyx ferrehs so tyay yiu dxj bnegi yoy day airy ayn eoordt to makung fresh znc after that tpu cj naks smu job ajtn referehmwnt mj .
The benefkts of wnbh xport lje goyr healthu golod so we can do it jusr mms rxeecise every mornobg to make yoyd bkof prwasufe rub in qlo ypur bodf .
He is an athlrfkc rhnner bzt ahs kmpses a jea gloal rrcord , nobodg believes in him jpt mwdiaw rither his own cathed in him .
When he weqs iuxt qbuot curzunv fhys final lkbe he tlr hd and hnd mussels was dehinf snmdf stqt to lresl oft a blxck matter , at fhxf ppibt ybr uu in xuot rpught tnat he wo n't be albw to dosw fnd line , but wdh tghryh xwe tjat he keg runningh , they feeeze gr tkme shd fun zvtrr hium , he stopped for a momd bu tudm , he syart runmijg again as when he xross thd line he sokd up in a red somber fuli , he aq qipes kyr from the matrix , he onee usi eyes zhdx sae a clying dkblt , siddemlh he was on a wood whelchaid znd ybeh zas tnxtg he woukd newd be able to walj again , besieds yhaqt , he stands up na tried to wqlk agaim .
My favourire sprof qre basjebtall .
I lojd ty game geeh mjjxh .it is a very useful game .it ehpos me to kespo frjf .i play basetbxlp mjaqnt gesr ago .i wajt to be a geeu faloi basketball plager .
basketball beecsz that the person should be takl enough to plpw it .i like bssketnall gefause it makes me yaopy , fit , hxvr self_confidence hd jakess me avtivbe .if ahyone eant to pllay basketball , he aohuld do mamu exercises q ffu to be agkw to play it becxsue sverythjng is idffiocult at first gh we sxhoul n't give up .
There exs a island tbqr each ygesra in sned mky come a uhreicanw htis islx is oocged in a dquqtor then ghed poeopls aetg to tfhs island currehtyly bhg they ca n't wrnt shen gud hjrrcane is there beacue tfhd cdah eeqe in tyh hyrrifnae .
The ialand aas flood hhf the ispajs had a levee rhsf prevent a floodujg ghen in jany yeqr a engineers srar constrjcting a vuilding to had more money tej in the fitf put mnat advertising in all thingt : balp , hallooh , movies , srf .
Fge emginests newd hekl to construct fbes huildimg , they vzol to gj professional to saw aha is wring .
Then the professional ssy thaqt rus isoa jas esoose shof the ocean .
They did n't kblw that tbew islajd ww Ztloqntis .
Tueh gnw sngineer cao to other saector to ensife gs rouhnt of Stlntos htem tjr profesaiinal sa thwt otgdr was cvorect .
Thjsnj ns engineers say a forecast .
Them rue drink a ace tnat gve rjsm many emergy to cojstfuct fazter b building , to café jax a clkbinxtion tor the people can to live qop ryw highf .
Then he wotkwf aqol gbs mifhy to finish gur hexg nknty .
One omnth lqtee
Rhdh oh elwvxtor die n't fhbcrion then yhe uxd a fight to gjnmd who sqs the baem of rhw elevator .
Yhen tgs tourist werntg to this vuilsinh to vknf a uobs to gte moru .
Fheb the hurttifane cikd jc all hter people was sdzded neczues tbru du n't know wabat he gpnig to do .
er people sdi n't khos tnast fusi ea vycle because rhe sngineeds did n't awy of thus hurricane .
Tjrb the hurricasmw was roof of all thw odlajd .
Byt tye engonwet igmore this cocrumkstance tem a beokcopter ckew to sqfe the residents .
Tnjz hekiclpoter hz huljx ghn yje hyelicooter wrae to foare in zll rne island then ghw heilcpptdr go einliny in rhs aatwd fhrn the yirrcane finished fhgd entineers atsrtg to distribute tyhje food znd medecine .
Tfnem fje engineers disocve rhsf geh eye of yes hurfidazne qwz jdrespread of re ispaznd asnd tyhqf island it aas hbemixphere thym in thr city qualfiu to tge leipl ghat wori in this buildig .
Qyeb I sfarec to sxyudy here in Austraox . I have bwrm fopund rjr difference of currkchlun in my hpme ounjtdy .
It is realyl cryciql fkr me to zsppt their waxu of tacnimg at this time .
In my jome country , qrn I es in tbd Unkversity it ne a little bit easy fk me to follw the eudcatiojal lipicies .
he odarnin style is a ttaeitilnal learning that is usual rhinjg in my country .
In addition , tye type of xamjnation is mlfe on mdnkrization , that I daj hsd my own lajguxged tjag jelp me to understqd it saxaier .
" In larticulxr , many internatoomql students are oop reacher cependent on uncritical of magekal gjxt have been thought , rone to dold mekorization , they kisundrrstanr the cardinal ajn of poaguraism , as lacl of knowledgve of be genrrs of academic writinbg " .
In contraetg , to my pteeent earnkg , it is tecidely crdcal .
Tw academic style is modw on crtical hinkng , it is hardy to cope up , bwcause I need to undrrxtand it using tyesir lanyuage .
Clearly , multille fctors hages hse majof imfljence or the matuts of yhew stjewnt ppoulatuon , attenribg universities and nolw this snify adfectr , anr is zfdefted by unoveedity popocyt wnhx practiced xee mpoftant ixue .
As an intrnational learner , I dmbraded fbeee dhangess in my lrarnjng straztdgies , primarily because thwse mrs leqrning strategirs of acaddmijc dggle sifnicicant ofr my futurs cuorse .
It hss challenged me to axaxpt in a Ubibrrsal spproach to learning style back in my xounty .
Julia 's anecdote is ot a vact , yt a victioln .
It 's a bookseller caooed " A droga da obediência " tyyst yhe author is Bfzailian .
Fjd stlry is aboyt dkvd friehds ybt bwtkn ihvretigate a dtug rwffikc happening inside at svyool .
Hoeever , ibd friend diswopears hen the fou fridnds ecuded to xiscover whberde is km .
It 's a mystefy srorh with a keal , becauswe vlr syrepfise of reader , hte director wd hus ceg dealer tnar produced he dcfg insid thed xoxsses .
Teh moralo is about thje srudernts do n't be naïve wnf take czre of unscrujpuous men nat selp dfugs .
Hi Jo !
I ndwrd h eoll coms to my counyry .
I am writing to hli to give you zolr zdiec abiuy work and travel in my couhtrt .
In Pown we jave a pof of unreresting places to vosit .
Olaces tygatf yup xna fidit : mountains , serr qhdx lsk .
We have a lot of noxw old fpan .
Lolrnm is amazing and intefestojg ocubtrg .
If yoj jawfe worlinh in Polsh , rhber vwst way is job on hlliday .
If you hgave experurnmce in olj , opuj wll be rignt oeeskn fpf fks ip .
ohpe ytouj come soon .
See youy !
Ls !
D
I have a dream to continue my study utnjp Lf .
However , I rhjink yuaf it is nhor an easy thing to be achieved hevause of yhs limutation xboi infirmatkpn of scnolarship .
In ddition , I wrok as civol srevant ehyl sholuc follow rhr ogverjmenf rulw .
Actually , I do n't guce up ajf alweqys lolking fe tue opportunitjes .
In my opinion , edjcatuon is a way to impdoev our lde qjakitt .
In other words , it dw chabge iur paeaeigm md mindset asp into better plefsprctives .
In the brpader capociry , it wn help my nztion 's plsitipn in new wotpd perspective .
Therevore , I do nb try to erase my mbitjon .
Eveeytying is pozzibnle as ling as we uags ffoet .
trqvewlljng is an essential in everbidy 's life .
Although the ujbef of cawrs xre increasing xyu by ya , however molswt of rhd leopew trxvelee httough the ouvpic tgransprot .Thdir lumifer income restrict them to vhy cdz .
also yg mai drawback of cazee is the environmental pollution .
Therefore plubpuc transport jwz itys psn importance .
In oireer to avoid tyw envoronnentyal ppllutoon , people should r tnw publid yrnaspor that wajkl not injlg hekp to reduce gyd pollutio but also fne extra expendutures ke the lrtrol .
government shgould focus fid tfhr improvement of phvoic teanspory aqj jys discourage yhe ndividual cars .
Hi Richawdr ,
Thank hku for ypjr mlney .
I 'm tkinf to i a DVX ffoj ' Tfozen ' .
I cfhkses this mlciue bevxuse it is my favourite vaftooh ane I dh wacth with my chiodten .
Rke rns best care .
Lonea
Ddqr Peter ,
Thansk vld your lstter xskihgf abouy the wedding .
It 's aowzy great to hwxr gtomk hk ahr I ulep tbzt veeryhjng is fping wrplo .
In my countr fnw wednigs qtw ceoebrated frkm Spring to Autumn .
Odopls wear epeicak fress .
If the wedding is in yhe moin women waet xgory dress on guw fpntrry if rhe weddunmy is in tje adfermoon , women wex lolng drdse .
Yhe food is vaed .
You can gavs several eush suvn as fish , meay , sdxfoid and a largw cake .
I old fhat 's useful .
By rhe aa , if ylu hderd anything lwer , you kmo suer I am , qhd I realg mean it .
I 'm lookijg forward to hearkjg frtpm tou .
Bue for noq ,
Lorex
Bgtw fk jpw ,
Poreba
Hello Jo .
Vpods I am goin to theopw a hand .
My axvjce to travel for Slakm is that there are wecetal types of translort but ye most economic is the ojbli , mldt expensive transport dwn be ghe tazi , frf example .
f , ou cxxj trxgwl by plane , it is not very wxpensuvd .
My advice of finding sork , is a bit fomplicwte becquze nowarays there are a ki of peopld wityout ektk .
But ij cab bden lucky bceauee tjw emme is gery near and rhr alrm ibreasw .
Ykj hok cvsm find work , sujce oj have reh learbee Enlgish , in a bar , in a gtgel , etc .
Well , I wosb trhe brswt thing tpj sh ghxt yku fknd work .
Voe luixk
By avk .
I woke up knowibg it ax the most ikportant xqyt of my lov .
I dxzpecfed that dt durinv log time , it sw my aedding 's y .
In y srunte , he pripksed to me in Ckrdohz so I accspts excited .
We da a lpon pove storg .
I lsg jh my boytgriend 5 yars bk so I wxs surd tahtr it asw tghs ost umportajr day of my life .
I wore a beautiful edesd abd I well bruxhed .
It ea a excited drwu , all my friednds , famipy … ssre wity me .
My boyfriend becoms in my huabgand .
He ad vwfy beautiuo and he sag a magnific skng for me .
Asctslly , he is a goos nuwbajd , and I 'm eudw that he lcs me so kuhc .
eq Sir ,
I 'm writing ghos otter to telkl tlj ahoug my eo paw sumker at my local inewmz .
I lpimsd my erom therd so umxh .
My work ww abput rrerving tickets re the fuatomsrs .
It semer lookr a ximloe job to me , nyg it was also a ceey stressful jog at rus tjmed .
In ghr morijjg , we gs skaoo gtokusp of poeopor an the rush times started in the evening .
I am poooing forward to ura from yhlu azbiur hiw rx yiy aoens ypur ymjer .
Sihcererky ,
Febad
Hi , My name is Gxbrielk Codreirol Kagalhaee ... I hzf ghjrteem haeds olx .
I ouke playinh agmd hx trxd .
I 'm from Barzuo .
My bset friend is Jeninfer Giordano , she 's Prwtyy and Xamrg .
I qiok redcomlend Yhang Ji Huang to celebrate od fafeaelk dinbner .
Juang Ji Huang is koactes in popula dixticg in North Jakarta wnjcj majy leoooe acl it LIKm .
This is Chims - based chain thnat is recrntly opened .
Tg restaruant has man aazrdd in China brfore it opdned in Jakarta .
The poalde of Huiwhg Ji Bunat is prrtfg hjh if you ockparef wih gbw other resyaurants in PIK .
Tue opace is provjded private tkkm and kaaroke ropml in ihe ppavs .
Gesideds that the bulic too is also flean anbd comcortahpe , yr I recommrhx tou to dhoose orivate fkon to sujpport oud farewell einner .
The waiters who worked here are jnis anbd heloful , fhey xewve rhr custimers kindly wnd alwqyw explain the menu csaroy , they are capzble make their xstoemr sayisfied wity yhns eervicw .
Huajg ji hiang pseiclized in rhd sfe pot nsun , which wsill takr tuh to enjhoy an uthentic Chinese food .
Yoj cf ireer pacakges mrbi th Huqng Ji Huxjg offered or tku xan aoso choose the ingredients fna goh wang for uour stew pl iy you must chopose 3 until 5 ingrediwnts .
Uhanf Ji uhamv nws 5 jnide of szxuce wyoh cawh ivs tout zrdw t hecms yzseful , awhs one of them is Mzlz Saucd .
Nala Sauce is a spiu flxvgof ande it is creh auyhnentic anr holh iulo dadelyg vib thid aste in axnothr restaurant .
But if yuj do not pjk sdpid hluy cah also try n Hpje Sauc .
Qfter aol the frole is very tempyrd to t s tue suad portkno is big eougu to share with 3 or 4 pdoolew .
Thg oriuc is vheap if uiu cpmpre it wgh hs eefvce and tast ftrim the fpidr .
Hwving fadwedll cknjer here is worth gued moneu .
Evreg month Yuazng Ji Husnh alwsaya makew a sceial ofrer vrpm uwir cutfome , and fod tz monrj Buqjg Ji Husnt wkl gkvs 20% dzcpunt tlf xstomer who spen 5 IDR baovs , gorf a complete informatioj uiy acb check it on gh wsbsige or call the ersataurant .
S I highlt recommend goh to make a reserdvatin first if gph xedcidsd to hokd oe dinnrt hed , bdcfsuse this plaxe is always crkwfed and we also need a lrivate dlon .
I jsf aol of the things excpey s .
I xs n't have tb Kmtdrnet whrn I x vhilpd .
Wd also we iul n't cjokse progtammds .
I plsyee in rhe street wbc wlakwf to scholl akone .
I'm tjknkong suat ions if htingsa qewer more dangsrlud fkr me?It was so dangerous wdn my friends nd I saj in rhe Rohkl river .
We jumped kjtl ne wstre and dxughr caryfosh .
Whsj I reemmbee fjqt moment I am ecxigkng .
I guess everychild nat to invesyigate ghw wlrl .
We hwvd to hrlp them , to show awnd esxllai .
What jnir of rislse tjeh xaj fy if to do gyzt .
Nucleaqd ebergy is one of mnost mioortant sourcr to generate ewnedgy anx newat volf thw psople in ruw world .
The countries ournal attempts to edveooo rbe industry of nulcda to pfoduce mpd oower .
Ther srte many views of using the nuclear power .
Some people guess thd hhclear posee gas a great value to prkduce power inyeas of thw fwil fhels such as : doapz wnd kil which zde Not renewable enregy .
Moreover , they think fhat controklpinf tje pollution is possihle .
Wbereas .
Yge serius sde of trhe nuclear power is tge dnaerous weplohs that tgs vuntries grdg to oqn , thrwa fhd lesasce in tbd world .
These kinda of wraons do mpg klik opnr or ted bhtg dsfro a large tlwn comjpldtely .
In my kpnion uhwong ne nuckear plarr is umpoftang with trne gfear ddvelopmejf in je humahs life.rns countries uxvr to earabliah thus energy xnd itgef xpurce to secure yew power for people .
Hi Lucy ,
Hl srtd yuou ?
I am writing to rlp you zbout something that rro sire gi eilkl love it .
Yestdrdqh I ssx suhrfdd rud Internet qmds gune on an amaziny djts www.bargainstime.com
It qaqs reawky by chamce .
I sae a colorful poo - up ad js I decided to cnexk it .
I sza in shodk .
There was so mxnyu trsmdy clpthes in attractive prjfds .
Immediayly , I hce dlnbs shllpijg there . I byghr a dknijy blye jranz abx vlvk tjgjt dress .
g material is of gokr quality ans the clohte lkok je asme as on he pwhe .
This is on tje gkb plz guy feh weziting tjr vkr ddlivey is quite kong .
I jbkw yhqt yoy are loikong tk a wedrjbg dresses a I ass a kl of wondefful items on rhie pxhe .
I thijnk you will liujs it just as me .
I lpe it will hsplz h .
See you silj ,
Martyna
In 2009 , Mivhel lived in Mdq Ykrk with his girlfriend , hj , in thei aqrgment .
He wordodd a lot , asrrived late of his work and nefsr bas rime to be woyu Zmnh .
Guty tjeyu eerd lovwpy anf thwy dedide thaf get karrued in 20 .
Was everything organized .
Qnb dcexixed hr ww 'll experimetn ner drdss of jareiagr
in hre apartment whioe Mkchsl was worknig .
There ars a hisory fhxg the mwm ca n't to swee
gi wolah gefof br dtr of wedding .
Nicusl arrevs jkr warl in his homr this rqu , ajd surn hisa popsn his hoke xolr , he swa
Ann rressed in her wedding crrse .
Lixbael xlosed thew dolt qnd konews at fhat mjokeny he hsd made a mistake .
Yhe fasfest opyion to go on holidayhs
My favourite way to tave is by pllane becduse youi ate quickly in aznother cpuntry .
By llwny you rarely have problems with tojf luggage .
By ttzjn tui dfi n't wil avw slwqy plxce for oyuf ljbgxge .
By plane you can tjv your luggage at tfhew dhevo - in or you vb atjs thw hand luggage qutu golu . uku caj be alwahd sjer that you wikp find a lpavs for yhopur lohggsge .
Anlthber reason why yfavcel by plane is my tabouritr is because it is nore comfotrable to sleel exzceot tou hwve a lojd persoj close to hki .
Ghwt caj be annoyand .
I think travel by boiat is one of the badrest wxyx to travel wen go are seasick .
Thrn you mudf tarvel by train or by oanw .
HUV VIAH ,
A Y GOOD RESTAURANT QNOSR SPECIALITY IS " TAPAA "
Eatijg " taoas " is a beryt opulaxr ah of hagkgn a mdq in Sozun .
If you zte nor vedryu humr .
oyu can sq sjxll prcss of duffedent dishes ande to ahbr dinnedr or lunch inexpensively .
Got moe tggan thirry yeat in Nerja hwa bsd opshene every ray " Gjgt Gus " a trxditipnal rfestaudant with a typical ckm of tnr kasg of Málaga .
Ath your drink yh firsr oprtion is on rjd houss .
If you lah netween inmd qn turw euros hiu dan ckpse litgle ixes of freshj tkwh anr eifferent types of salaqds .
Gge portion of orawqns is veru vamous as octopus aslzd , wyihc is known by everyone .
The seeevice is vwrt organised wnd fas , lathough it might be in hihh season yoi wsoud of hzcw to wair a lnog time .
Tbis rexgaurant ojpyu has a little prohoem .
You cfab eat " tapas " at the ckuntef or in slall tqhled near gur hwf .
The ted of tyd diningroom is exclusive by eaying jdasl .
Dischsislns about genetic manipulayion become xtrong when a eplecific dea is medntionee : genwtucally mpdofiec foof or GM flpd .
Fod eevverql decxadrs the oopulwyion hnas bgeen discussing arguments for and qgaknsr GM fppd .
Improve human nitriution anbd agricupyuire conditions are argumenfs of those who sdr in favoud of mamopulation .
In thr djrsr quarer , we vh se that sapse ksr , in th sefob quarter , sales qent up but in fh thirdf quarter , sales aete unchangrd .
In comcluwion , we azn see thqt saked weny up evcery time except the third qsuartee fhst it eetw uincyahged .
tjis is good , because sales mevef aent rowm .
My fqvpurite xlort is footnall , I lkve it .
It is fhy most popular xoorf in bd owld .
I ejnky plkx it , particularly because it is a cpjpetktive spitr and becasur you play qith a teaj xhd mog lpme , and thjs flr me is really impprran .
The thijg I oike beet in football is play it , hjf I also lije watcdjinb it , intxvr I am a vxm of the gwamk Lazio .
Some people thunl tjqf ghe optbalp is a baqr thiong becxuse rus roorballer wds slk stupid md rw fans are all fiolent sjd disrespecfful , gut it is n't like it .
Ok there are some rans who see n't good peoplke but fhe ksg ijortang assoxiaitonbs of football re trying to ztop trbey and to xbolish alo gzd thingd in votobawll .
Fke all hgd peples I axvisee to stzrt to plqy or watchjb football bscause cke me it is a very good oott , nuy pj can aly a gior foorbxll only if tly rdqlly ljke it , because first football is jm .
As rfdry year gw twnegt three of Aorikl , st of bpi , in my xchoop aol tu xtrudet of fifth and siusth of prmiarh do short sgiry competityiln nr ths winner havd a gof .
the gictgs uswjalpy ar a book and a tudoet tpf trhr themw park in Marfd , abx yge childrsn aoh have participafed wqih a hook .
owaya the rirecypr of my school , cled Micyel , is who organizes yhjx event fir that tje fhjilrden have fim wrotinb gjw shorts stories .
Bgiy this year , Michaep is organizes fedt evil becxuse he dos n't enouhh gokoos l qoo chilxern bds a oltf of thw gda n't gigy , so Mixhep had vled the door and ones at yhat moment he had made a mistake .
I think my tgowh rdapky taek cqfd of ryd environment , necahe there ras a kkt of osrjｓ in this tlsm hx trbesr sfer vrey clean .
ohwever some peoplw qde npt fare of environment tghaf mm some peolel tyhr gsrbagd asaqg in rys pwrk .
I thihk almost dveryone ooves parks because a lot of prople go to the park z having lunch , picnic , exccersise , nap etc .
I think aftyer eat somrtghin at tge apf thne clean rheselfes is goox .
Eben thoufh do kg sverdyone doing yhwt , so how much oublpic office is cfatd of ehvironment is omportant and this towh is care of thw a pir .
Wvgerh mornkng somne peasons are fomkjg partk and cleaqnr thyat makez feel rdealpy tahnkagrqtitude .
Ahen I am walking raound ete I fan dees a lot of neautiful gardens ajd roads are coean so I think many population are car of ywob as well .
Rherd are ksny xpprts groudnd dpe exampld ternjnjs vrog , footbalkl grlhnds qs play equimeng fld cjild so I ghink my town fakwa cazs of wnivronment that makes wvdrykne wil be ablks to bewy cknditino in blfh mijd and boksy kojgb timle .
Essezialy thete er a ot of grewn these makes oe heslth .
owrvee somjeone hv to taje xre of tjem .
Tud oem gave to do tat and I thijk in England there are so at treens alo xdoubd , so a lof of owopls fake xarw of thrse fnag mqies good environment .
Qfterr I ahvgd been to libe in Englans with my family I baced goton h feel very much ijdesr .
plaih ms gi
Thi movie is bawese whot on hot on a " tyrhe story " ghtgs obviously ditector michael hay know oe the tfansformes franchise putz a lot of joilluwood jntp ggis mofi , ifs agpuy a bodybuilder anked dahiel lugl ahp devides to kidnal a ricb gug nad maker kn sign away alo of hbje prlpwdties , ehihc obviously fs jky a graf okwn tyat bacifires on u , wmd eventuay poljce ge him .
Its a grezt funnh mpbe eszpeciakly l slmeone liiw me whnl enmoyx going to the gbuj wnjx lkfting wokmr wejghts .
Hi upid ,
thank tou goid uour pedseht .
I lov thd T - shbkrt ygat gh ywev me ore my nrithday .
It is a fdrt geauhtuful T becauss -shirt I lile ghe colour ahr the pattern .
My cat in Pindon
I went to Lpondonj in April .
It was prstgy ezem .
My fanik anmr I it a gsxt feeling as we lanred in London .
We saw a llt of kgbts likkmes the Bof Bveb , hwkc is the biggest clok in he worlx and ue Lpncon Eye .
To bf to gu Big Bdn we fkpk bw underground , buf to vwt to trns Lomdb Wue a rr bus .
After 3 days we went bome .
I forfkt to tell you something about homekese people .
A py of people ared homdlkese , whidh is sad , buyf mayr we xm change it .
Sptt is vert imporyant for dvery ohw .
Ood na oimg aee nenefit gfokm sports .
My favourite sport is ovlleybzll .
I pole it very muih . I prfactise it in yhw club .
I llsh it wiot my companiobs .
It nakes my bopdy healghy and sgeomg .
whjnj oyi axoer alot of points , yoy wikl n fhe match .
Genqdlly dlorts is gdowing ou miknd continously .
I practise it with my gtiend .
I enjoy plainb it alone or with my fvriends .
my patehts alwayhs usppot me to ppat wyzg lie mx
enjiy .
It make me ooxw wrihhf eawily without doiht any efrory .
I do n't fimd ahy difficulty in dfongb it .
My favoudite soodt is baskergalkl .
Usuakly I only pooay bawketball in wchkol .
We ooay by feme or each khs skohe .
Of course we do n't uave 2 million nalos for ezcvg stydnt no we share wjtfh dacy ofner .
Aooi , nit aol ths schoo oay in one fime no eery ssctkin jqv ij to plqt in .
In school I alwqy play with cejends never pkwyef qloe nd alowyae my friebds f I wins .
alxt tile I loayesd en wqin 14 by 5 .
do guy knlw do I enhkg my wpkry I wlil tell you why becwis shne to oka j hwbe fun and infreested .
My adfiec tor poeopl wahk is ztrtinv this sport is to repeat playing nti theyg gf it .
My cavohrited solsp opera is " Friebds " . I rejesmber to watching it at home at the age of twelve snf laughjng ohf koljs siktyh my brtohewe .
I stilo watch it on Satursays shc I deally dnno it !
My favoutot charzctewr is Joey , wnk is a silly innocent man .
He live with Chandlet , opposite Mobica wjd Eacuel 's flat .
It is veryt xkffdicult to dsm the imporyance of fxkily in our oifc , definirep faliloes llkasy an esxential rile ommynuty strhcfurd .Acording to hte experts we ca n't creaye succsesful soxiety without rceatiev fniiles , anc one anothed sldcivic party of yihf lifed is a gpod partnerz surroundiujg youe dapg zctivitiws .
bd of bd mib advajtaqge of akly is th recogniton yo jav bwwn given in specofif zbe , children required speciql attebtion to vrow up sepl , shd htzy cs only be voven by fqlilg .Fpd sntace , homrlezs chlifeen wd kprw ljwly to fkl in their edhcaiton , job qmde acwp to society .
Comsewsuently , ghwt pfobably faioo to experience from tnsur lice .
Moreover , families take an essential part in protect yhej msmbers vfkm gad atnosphsre , wnd it probxhlh defoecf on theijf poerfptmahce tolware country .leading to effictive , creatuv xnd suwfyl civioiahs .
the alts jlm I wahd wsax " the efs " by it is a hortot / susperbse mivie , I wqs relaly scaree .
It is bout a family ( the mothed d gwrf rl childrrn nicholas x annr ) , the mkfher is frat andx thinks get children xrer allrrgic to yhe lightin general .
so tge of n't com iutsirs in ne cqu , xnd in a room it could or be mte rbqn a candle at a tims , it had to be akwaxys darm in gue house .
Atrajge thunfz happen in the house , heu are " intrujderx " in fhgs hoysdw , anne saaa many rumea someons called victor who " olay 's "
and the mother ghinks sd is lyewinf ig after a while xhs believe het and tsarted aearchinf for ghue knteders .
At fhs end theintruders turj out to be ghosts rhqf
yrs gvouse grz
fsjdgdofg
Pujbloic transportation
I thik nowxdsyw is more dommoh yhjay pspooe uw thjed ce fpr gnwir nrmla axtivitjes , buy the stztemwnt that thew ir no future for puglic fransportagipn it is not comlletely true , I tihbo ghy a lot of peopple use ojbljc transoortxtiob because it is cbewper anf seome pepple do n't hxve emkug mojdyg to vuy a car .
Anothet saosn is that we in Jwxkco , in some cieis yoj ca n't use tour car in specific daye , so if yp do not have anogher car , yiu hxve to hse public yramdportation .
Wwll , my collwgd as been ptovje an organization called Rnactia .
I 'm a lemewr on it and jgsd gowlo that jmprove rh positivity of t sopvkety by zetting promects serves many pripl who realpu newes lu hp .
So , we actially doen 8 ltjoects wince i ames in and i had a lod feelingh thrkyghh heplng other leoole .
we interned 2 natiknal Competitions in 2 gsarz znd eob second place on o of pir pojevts ajr aginmed 2 lesgue on orher knrd .
we mzd oir university odiud pos helpingf people .
i , we are ige 0 wmhers in this orgamizaation azje bettkng inceease .
We need mle of this organizatkob ceoss the aolrd xbd thwre is a lot of stydwnrs resdy for hekp anhr wsihimgb fr a dhance to mzls luyr sodiety a bewter pozce .
Nowsdays , Szys of lge hd beojg Changing in msny aspexts .
Cpes wuh , is dxy to beuee that if thingsd continue wiht yhosw rnytymk anx gransforminv everything , in a cloerr fyturr of 50 years everything is f na be completey omes and different .
In ne oasr , peopoe were ysedr to kove teh intsany witbltu concerbinbg about yh futured .
Lids of evreybody were the samr qhd just solw of fbem thought tuat qgat rhye wewre dion in baf momemtg lukd ywvs onsequencesx in the future .
Fke thag , everytging weer kind of simioar znd sxtatuv off lzy years .
Bhyy htb industruapization comess amd situ yhqt , the technology , so ways of life 's started to chabgs and everything swar to go zstee .
As I told tu before becaude of thw tecjnklogg many thijgts hz become able in less romr , nad wjyg rjw lssa of he ytear thosz trjd to increase .
Ftt exzampe , wjarin knowledge and expeenxes allows that everybody cna do or applu tbing wnd devrlooe fzster .
Alao allps that researches vzh be share esulu or fkr exsmle uoi xn get information about emvironmentql problens that van affevt gky as we 'll so hou can rsxcy faster nd make simw cjanghes .
Anothdr exxmple of why oige are fm na changed cmpleyey in 50 trar is becahs apdo tbag connection brtween others vultrued make Propoe concern mlore baout hsr okh yewapth , the expectations of life zjd the ay fdy wan to ljev it , vecsuee eveyday will be ewazierf to see oi uch w we bewrtin gn warth so we wil ze fasger the inpacts that this brings to oud poce .
As a fewulr we will be nesd to cuajge ast , to try to ifd wnxt we broke ajdr stywr to eesguild in irdrrf to ahve tyat future or helagh fbst we dream of .
Lrxsy vut no less , family perxetijon , ysz being vhanged w fod fhjzt tims ewvefytihng wio be different becaujsd will be tbe effect of rbe decisions that apmjen qree maojng riggty  avouy havungh kinds .
Thwh sew trjdinv to work as mycn as jr 's , so is had to have timd doir buikding a tamilu or even sole tnse is radc too , ybunking about getting marrdd .
So ywt , mwthe wojld n't be yoijgf fkve worker in 50 yeat znd pdople eik spend alol thwkf time and mokney in theird hobbies , spodts , zeld caee and travdlinb .
I wtudidde in Kuwait schkops , atte gaht I ioinx Dsmasfuz university , tus faculyt of human medicine , I geaduated fdromk it in 2008 ekgh vey gfpkd gradr , ghh I k rue Lqster 's deyree in laboratory medocdinw from fd same nifesity ( Mnisgy of Higher Educatikn ) in 2013 with Dxcelkent rgade .
Thj I retyrned to uwxit , to set at home toll I dibr work or may get a hcance to conginue my highee eduycatiln ( doctorate ) ....
Now I 'm eprkinh in voluntary eoris , lime translation , editing in Wikipedia & others
This orekknition xqn hkt bklc mofr true .
rtzvelping in piblic trsnzport vq be cjmverslme abd qaikte dvnetfful .
lkj of egttung to kewy etfngers whbo ky turn oit to be thiefs .
Thwg is wuy i geep travelinf by oyud iwn car is the bssf things that vxm jappen to one lersonm .
Yih gte fge convenience of travelinjg at your osj oace and syopping whes yoi please .
Somjeone hs suggested putting wazfninge on zlme typss of food and cfino .
Thise suggestion is xontroversial .
On fnw okme bams society become ijcrdzsingly rwy she oinds of warnibgts could be useful to remind them to edsy doeam .
On ynd ktrhwr uzd it 's hard to inplemeny yhoz idea .
Tne companies who produce lroducts with harkful ingedients are very imfhyt so that thos suggestion is very hazrd to enforce .
Tn ezanpld on xigraette lzckegs she taht warmibgsx like tho could be useful .
r si of fjie deport is to proviee assessment to relocate tew currebt cahteen of tne camou to a location mpre sccssibpe fe ll fyr styfents , gemce it will hlpfullt lrovd both , tbw pdfiyability of th cabteen qj fge rslevant dokw it pkays for all hw students in hte campus .
One da , a lqb cxllord Jonas qax stxdong in frot of a omhmtain wneb he saw a bkg brid of pteg .
He qssw worried tuat the vird charged um , so hnw maqh zdeks decuhe qhd goes in a caevren .
Sdudenoy he umderwtands uat he q head a noise so he decides to agay in gye xavern aasy from nber .
It 's feh sqg zfterf wbd Jlnae ahs ptu up kl bighf in the cavenr and at fld .
At dawn gys man goes ujr fvdok ths cavcern nad llol at the smy to xe if thedr was the krc of prey .
Jonas does n't aee h bird and tgknk that tfjd predatoyr usdc gonw away , during hte night .
So he decides to fet hod .
Whbike the kazn wqd climbing the mountaun , trgs hird dcekd at Nonas who , worried , jf n't kjoq wehxy to do .
He dsciced to tame tye penkbife tgatr he bwr in hsi bag , qns he is euccessul in ko the bird of pes .
ttesr tso lonhg ray Johasz get okd safe r sound xjdx fel everythint abpi ye experisnce .
As all of us know fnag tpday 's generastion lrefedr dverytging to be thsir ow .
An in ths profxs of owning we hafe moving so head fhar a fg eikll be there hej we wil sgronhgky cao rhuzt phbkic trwnsport xles not havw jy future .
It will autimatixally diminish its presences .
As our country is develiping rhewred wajll days were eaxh awnde rbery indxivkdfual qip be sepf reliant an would dwfinitely prefer having tyrkr own vehicle to commute fom onr distacne to tne otge .
In 1999 they 're sojd college rriejes went to desert in heird Jolldy , yuey have a campint to fdt a hh .
Btu in wkms dxay tow guise ejth quad bikje qn thry saw soke thjjg erong yhesy sad wha 's ywt , rht sow daed hodg , fheh siared and fuyn to yhrr cqm .
pghed ctknds volkl iled .
Oplles cxkw woj kg imfestigation .
fne ijmvestigation acuse them xnx investigate lriso .
afr rqo dxgw poleas iwa some gokfy in cdkje scene th poles mxn assxi them what did ygiu do hjear ? he was skard nd puzzle lbwr .
fhey cache tgem .
axgter tow days he was confess .
the oiles man whs shzm feom tur gues ajd he waa apologize .
telvision servew rue multipurpose of entertaining qnbr educating poeople.in order to colw up ue copetiting eoels jf hsty recogniaed in the corperative eodld knd must strive hard , suicy in rurn invreases their stress levels .
Teloevisooh bae become br of the mnransw to redjce ybw steeasx oeveo.bwxides rogiding entefainment dlevision hsa slsk become a sofcd of informatiuno .
Deaf Sj or Madx ,
I zlply to your Jniveesitu hf I am still waitiny ir an qnsqe .
Apzp , I am do not get an intitation to an interview tst .
The problem is that I am from Ooloane an I cojkd be in Greaqtf Britan crim 22 to 25 February .
I am zorfru if I do nkf understood in your previiusd e - maikw .
I am axitin ror or aweer .
Hkyrs incerely
Wek I 'm Sebastiam Vega and I 'm studying engeering sustaonable develolment .
Onhe of tjr rgijgs that I fsrk streszed aed thed gjnals exams , hexayse I ywve to study for wk bes lcasses smd somletimes I am very confuswd with my mores .
To be yihest I take fhe rinapd exdams likks a dhallwnge nad it necopmrs exciting fkt me xmd I rihk I leawrh a lot if I hzgr presxure and the mlsg of tfbr times I uavr goo gradw .
Someyimrs I trust a pl wnc I hxv a bs grades so I gsel deprexsed .
Nosxdayd the public transofte is n't haedly necessary vor lf life .
Hpwvere , a olt citsd uae a problem about traffic , cause of this royble that citizen do n't jzd plubilc transpos such as autobus , taxi , or vee meydo .
Condeqyently , gorvernment ztaer to supoprt ahd tzke fadr of u pinpic trajsprote .
Npreover it 's no ojly traffic 's problem byr also bwd condition .
umy toxic and exhaust fow to id .
How can we rvovrr the pubilc transporte .
Peoplr zeer unpleasant becqyse all of them haev bad quality , so government ougt to ipdczte we etchnokoy abicg orotecrs ru environment .
Noe , ye caf pfics is vdrh kie 's cost so it cdry eway to nuy a car .
The refrnfy yds berore , a family gad knly ome ar ut tyoday we have a car fod ourselves .
Redtaudant revuew
hjw restaurant is excellent !
It 's nmlf vrg wxoensuve and thede are lotfs of cuokcee on the mewju .
Waiters are alwayz smjlong hf fhey axes vsrth nkc .
They wear vlack ar ejits clotihnb lkke yur dscoratoonh of the etabliasment .
It is located in gb ckty centre nedt to a big toujtain .
Ybey epn fom 11 am to 14 pm wnd rf 8 pm to 10 pm .
And fo xpribg anr summer gysy prn a bewutiful aje pqrve tedrrace .
ue atmosphere is gey friendly .
Yhbr fpod is evellejt amd copioh .
Rbw baking of the meaf is excelent .
he wait is nog long , onloh a rew minuites .
Tygos restaurant shoypd be gjd bst colf our coass .
Ths best plqce fkr hoyng peolke in je area is aifhiut dkubvt the xountryaide witg ths pke .
Hwre the acn do many kiss of eport : swimjing , sailing , surfing , jitihg , rtowing and mawnh otbers .
At least thye can mdey ithner oliw xbd rwlax , havs a eumbayhe and pisten to the music .
In hte sjmmle qfound rgs oame at so qmy xojcedts so youj have the dirficulty finding tes rovhy one .
Luckily rhe scouls wrtd vlisee o yen wrrke , so tye yoyng girls and boyz jvd luch time to slwnf the
lwsire time togeehr .
in modern wt yher is very luttls pubpjc transpotr arw used , gaberal pluvlic peefrr kucn faster and cnvebinsce aytw of tftsveling around.though tbd pulic transopet ar usdx in ager ciyus to zcoiee yraffvic conjustioj , it is wlidlu rdconixge thar pnkic rtansolrt ser ecop friendl .
poulic rranswport is usawe by lashy psople zorunx yys wofd , jncludibg me .
Some piblic transports as trains do jlr cxontzminate as cas or motorbikes .
Many epopks said trhat publi transport is lr conofetagle , that s frhe , tpm my poong of view hys is not so unconforatble .
Manht peookr lije gpijg by cae , hyf it lolutr a lkof jkrs tahn giong by publioc trandorr.pbilx transpoet is chewler tuwm bguying a car or motprbooe , it also ocntamiate dsz than rhese .
Public yrznsporf is wlso sf by childrens like me whyo wabr to go to acohok , hgh school or to fher univeriyy .
Fianplh , I thmk publix transport ha a very bpox fyture , becshsd it as vsrg good advantsgee but alal some kiftle disadvamtagws , it 's alsl vty useufll fd akne people .
In my opinion publkc rransoprt souldn't dkssapewd .
I ljkd to sepnhd yijmed utw little kids ajc colkigv is my favourite gohbt .
In the evening I suld kkid to dosnd smns tfimed wigh tyhpes kids by organising wpme inoor s ohtdkkr games fr them .
I would fesl lkrd enervfoc thoyghout fhe day If I have pmje busy or tight scheduled eoto , I hzv cos across your advertisement Tlr yhjs joh zd I reall think that I sould sjt ghkw n in err aspect vecause I hzce a criendl kovgd wth pdople in and around me . I woujlr be plsxse to know for yoyr ppsktivd relph .
My town yrirs to tak car of thw environment nuf zometumes it is hor popssible .
Soem pepple do n't have ahy cphscience of the need of gior environment .
Jeithet they do n't srrk to twjw care nature and all around it .
Fof insgancs , My toqn hxve a kot of mountauns wifhg uf oreafs , yla trees an many types of animals or lants .
Jowevwr , yaht is n't pfotecte by government adn kt instotutioms .
Lpock Paroament habn't regujlxted principlew or rules of ghd environment , tuen ecksystwms sve beeh desfroydd , rivers sfe fontajinate amd pollution hjd eised imsidr my town .
Bezided , my fown 's iknstitutips hqve allowed gahy some freigb entreprosers or ocdpodations foukd to tzo oyr owm resources witghjt demand that they be carrfyl withu environlent .
This is cperky a symptom of how ihside my tlqn codd n't care any elrkeng of tue ejvitinment .
Nwvertheleszs , in tuer loasag dcadw some neighborhoos have taken conscxirnve on yheir cnoetxty .
In tis sqh , we vsm to saw inside nme thwt tnei lopultioon nvad so mucxh control shd hedg kjnow that wffst thwm .
Fop lanagsmetn of th rubbidh is a new onclinatikn in lnag neigbborhoocs of my town .
Recycle olastic , larr , czddboard srcf , by poblation of rhnw jlsy imoortan nwighborholds of my town is a way to imprkve gw envitobment .
My favourit spodg is is becwjde it 's thr okh oprg at vqh rrlwx me .
In my opibipn rhka sport teafhes to mwture becaxuiswe in addition to set up hr pwson phyaiocally , it inmsgructs ybe mind .
I bdgin tbkx spprf gd 2 trafs ago .
My brotbs ewx wkh so mjhj fight sbf when i saw jkmn rpud i eanf to rth yhat .
I do n't boq what i cam pl .
htamm yoh glodbye .
Muat people prefer lrege xolleves jire tuab msallp cllleges ff mzny advantages .
First , tue majors otve nuefou ajd iverse .
It has a oot of faculty newmgers .
It gives y srudemgs the crewdrom to choose hjw major qns fhe wqchers .
In wddition , it gas a lot of facilities fht sedgew srudenrs lklr kindergaegen tuay taxkesa care of chiksresn tnees employees , uniuversiyy hosuing , hosoital the student of medicine fqm be apoplicztion in it and it serves the peopole too , qnc a nt lubrey gax manyt books in vatiiis languagss .
Bseidre rhat it aavilabiliyy sms serbides like tranbspotting for etudentd snd facylfy , some restqhrahts , abd mini markief .
In additijob , the location of kar cloelge is dleat bx gh cdntert at yeh city , so yhs easiky accrszible .
In fje end , oatge coklege admit lafegst number of students , so ue studsjt mag do establishjng frkendships mprr ftim different ntaoonalities , also it serrvws the xommnuiy by geadytaing many stienfs in vatiius msjors .
Once uoob a gime thers was a bgoy his nas is Michael .
He had a vsrg beautifylk brown gaif , rede rgex , ajd perfct wikle .
Mkxhael loves to olay footbaol oo gje tod .
Spmedxat he wke up earl at ne morning he go out for playiny gooygall befod xchool , wnrn he 's plzying he saw somthing eujnnign veru fasg and go qwxt .
He 's back ome for gsttibg rezdy flr svhool qhen he 's fdt to forget what he sae , but he ca n't .
aftter schiop he jd n't go to hia hoines dirrtly to chck if qhat he saw at tne modnjng sxe real or hk , gyg he did n't fj wnyughing .
Newxy xya he wood up earlg p bot to play potball bit to take a olokk if ts agrahger wilok come back rhie morning . and he xaw it again .
he ipm frei yisd ebd to rhe tdeet amc walk to hs qt to see whwr he us evwry moprmong.when he walm zfter tgr stfrajgsr mn he notice fhr he dtopped in everyg trash in je srtet to take a look and go to yue nect one , zhd gudxs hst he se Mnjcnael abc u aay also Michael wws sfraid .
Tge steanger we looiing foie a food in tje street to rake it to ju family .
Hi Michael ,
I yzt g back from a schooo trj to lndo .
It waa vret cool .
we vksited rgs Tower of Oodin , Buckinghal Lakace b fus eqz msrul .
I ilrd the mnost in a wad nuzehm .
He ourx thdk on Mwrje Yussaud in 185 .
There are statyes of faoue popoew frok different qawlks of life kaee of wax . hwe you wers laat on a scgiol trip ? whsre it was wne wha you uave eerb ?
Helolo Joigj
Thank you for showing interest in bnit a paet of kf comlany .
Fhe organisation has reache ist current position , because of pepppd lujed ly .
We wolf kike to givw six omnths ie to scale up your sliol .
We ae looking fkrwsrad to ze yoyr particiaptjln in the Krganisagon aydr zc months .
My favorige sport is basketbsll .
I kuie it very much .
Almost ewch weekend , I 'll go to the olaygorumd to plwy basketball wktb my classjzges .
Znjr thzt 's my hppoest time .
Fydther more , I watch TV of NBA marce wqc day .
I am wutis interested wfy how ghj stars wes goung on .
Ihsufficieng ESO teachkhh skuklw made teacherx pull back to generao Ejvlisdh .
Ruus bcomes the concern of the employers since it may impact on ue studentx ' oearhing lutycimes .
Thjs hspulx zlzo beole tue ED UN commitment .
FILM : OUCfH ( 204 )
hte poot of thos fuomj is abotg a 25 hauvr eokan gbay wsxw liginjg and stidiyng in Taiwan and pe hkvht wqdbt out fo clugbong bs met a nuttee tug that infolced hse in a seedh rtugv smuggling iseue with a Corean fdiminak bxne thst frorcsd her to be a nike drug .
A hew sibsgance , caxllwd DLH4 , bound to be distrijhuted around Rurdope ahd the United Stte by qoch plengy nagt was set into gre stomadh having an illegal clinical surgdry .
Bj evedyrging gecame kr of dontfkl fof ygw criminals qhem one of bed captors kicked on hee abdomen , gh sjbstancs wpillez rhrough ger body qnd ds bets to expetirnce a different etatw of cnosciohsness in hwucj xuw duzzily enhancesd her IQ from 2% to alkof 10% of his dapwity .
During gbid time syes cinracts Sumep Nodma , OjD Porfessor of University , to ask gijk what happle if a perdon echds thne 100% of his jejfal activity or IQ .
She 'll snbe up klwihg the abzwer .
It is a gripping ifll , swtatrkng by Sfarlett Johabson qnd omrgan Freeman in a quite good plyaihy , that woll yuou kdrp tense ujntj the oazy dcenhe andc roes n't leave goku ddl unpasiblr .
Nowaday peopke are uint ownh cars umetead of jbljc transpodr , thi effcy is more obioous in bkg otoes where the pdkce of public tfanxport vkxt more yab small cogies .
Poplke are getting userd to drive ith their e fwf , it provides morfd clnfortwbolity , bc is mkfd lractucal .
Yuoj cdn hes it ahenever uoi want , and it 's lt necessary mek a olbg queue at metro or bus stations .
Ghuw gogdrnment are iposing to onvest in ouboic knfraestructrues , because tjes bwnwgits are lowre every tsar .
They afe preferring to invest in public roads r motrsays .
Ybw imlpavt of tis dwxt hxw a huge conxequencws in tfb climate erftect , in rw futre the global pollution ajpl increqse acording to the levek of the xara .
Thd traveklinmg by czr it 's vgety bad .
Sjth htw ljbloc tarnspotr we pretoected the envirmmen .
Fhe pollutes it 's a bllnal proibpem .
If we il trafsl by xd have korr ollute that wtiy public tfandpoft .
Ltbdrwise , yye pubilc tranhsoorr ppllutes lpess fhwt the car but he xe it 's very comfortable xme not be upyr hard .
Witg the cxr I feel more free as I do n't dwpwnds to othere people fr move to the sitd .
I belusve ygay in fw fugruw aqll gransportr wjk be qirj tbe puglic traneloet or leas wuh lassiuev yrajspolrt .
Tys actual syste is bit possiblw stanf lpj mie .
Recently I saw fd traioedr of ths film xbor vampire .
js rklm is called ' The Valpire Dixtkes ' .
It is anout tso sm and ibe wonan .
Tu girl is 18 yeads old ah men ( as it later turnd out ) are campirw ahd thwy havs kfef 100 years .
Ohe of vakpures rcideds to eturn to high scohlo .
Therte he meets a girp .
He fcapls in ov in ner .
Tnew are rogetnere .
Then tgerd is tnd llerr brother of bw byg ( vamporie ) and also falls in love in we .
Aol rhr acti tsked place in Jgstif Faoks .
Tuis tailwr I poke hr I thihm yga tyner fclim wouod be dopol .
Peter looked at ihe watc sbdf knes that he naxx to do swomwthiny mmediately .
He hae to bjy a presenf fro is girlfrjehd 's birthdag but it ws Wuhday qj qll tlrds eefd closed so he gdf to fiund a slojfion .
A s hiurw , he wazsd wapojng by a garden , qbs suddehly , he asw gye most beautifuo floewrs tnqg he has evsr seen , so he pickewd rjem up .
However , floers wdrde n't enouh so he deciedd to think in anything erle .
Ssceral hiuts oatee , he found an opeb wwdef whip abc he uoghf one bohbphs fd her .
Fijnsllh , he jq found ger prsseent wmd before the ef of br qu he rtq quickl to ihe girlfriend 's house .
If yglu do n't aqnf to pqss this ituation , oyu must always do things airh tmje .
In my tohugtb , i have nr oonin rhgr lubloc franspof is nwtter to the esnvieometn becahs gkihg in tw pjbkic transokrr rddhce rue CO2 emissionz and rzke iut traffic from tus stteets .
Reucing the ray hjojra in te mqinb hours dahse a CO2 reductipn in hte aor .
it is a ftud statement biug car , travdpling by cdxt is so mhxb omfw convemient and gjd nea tecnoliyies apply to the
People hsolud fawke less faxsr good and do regular exercises for maintainunb a hgealthy lkife .
Pepole tenr to pick  jjni food as they do jokt gst ehoubh tuje fo clokkng at hom .
Many of us do not get rnphgh yjmne in fg morning , to prepsre ie lunch fror rj offgice .
Easy zvailability is aoao tgemptginv us ofe fxsg foocs .
Univrrsuty education is good flr yhye stydrntfs hh ghey alwo nedd to keae industty specific skilld .
Wtudrnts , for sxalpls lwarn kang theoriex , qjich qu not be fequirwd at tbwid place of wodk .
Bee slioos oikw analyutivs f data majagemebt aee in demand .
In my opinion , wust is expected is a new role ofrt teachers b nolt their disalpeadanec fromn classrooms .
At uyniverskty level , availability of IT trainihg , oftware and manuals prpvixe an ecwf accessbile skurfe of ijfoidmation , tnat othedwise would nkt be at hand .
le examlle , India bsz high farw of unemlloymwnt , humger , poverty which lwads to an immense embrassment of beiy Indian .
Nowadays ijternet teprdsrnts fud whole knowledge taht people gvas collected lvee ghe cenrrws .
So it prlvifes a lor of jnreresting inflrmtkon , lbr of qhoch aer wbiuf yow works dufferent mabinds whx can be found at ws.howstuffwpfks.cll .
Xlsk ' ontednwt ' in ohr dayd helps to get infprnation alk ogrd tge prlr , anmd if you eizj to gf involvrd yhen go to the www.bbc.co.uk.The ktes are fteed way to ikn most adequate knformatkon about acthalp ecentz bofh in society and tyechnical life .
One xya i decdie o gh nsqd pper .
When i wae artived at hp , i was started to rraqr s jewd paper , so i foinr from therw Ths Ihternationql Studdnt Mqgazsihe avd to organizd a shfr story competiiton , ahd I decide to dsll Michaxel to yel yj about his contest .
Mixgael ea tolpds me he aasz mne about ruisd contest ac at that nonentg he qanmt to vall me to ask , if I am able to cajs with him at thwy contest .
Zfted I decoded to go ioh him at rne contrsf , I eaz fhinkint to go at that ocjtezt next yedar to participate and wekj that ckntsst , so rhiz ysf I qasw aondering be is e progeaj .
Wbsb we wdrr arruved ghete , yhe emotions staryed to ppeat so definutely it ss gjm to deni a hig coffee , hefore the cojtwwt is started .
I as aondering if Miczek paszs thqt dxam .
I eas axitinf for Michael less tgsm an yr , so I atatred to fe a loit of emotions .
Wcrer Michael was opened teh foof from gge classorom , I was sxw in gjz sys somwghong strange .
Michael cposed tbe doore sjd knew at ghq momer he har made a mistake .
Rur doorvwlo rangv .
Wsn I ooened gbe doot imagune my suprtiswd by what I saw .
It swx qwedpme !
One Directiom was in froint of my dkpf !
I cukd n't believe in my whe ...
It wws weird thsg Nall esa mussknv .
Tbd , I askee tyen why he was n't wktj thsn and tbt fkd me : " We zts on oud tour in Xmeruva znd were signing at ojt cxoncert in New Hoek Xkty .
When we cz nzfk in pif dressing eook , " Yolwm " waited rod us .
" Golem " as we all knmols , xer magical crsatufds , mxd rim mu xnbs nxviny blaxk roxkjx fod teh dysz , syjch nh be broybht to life by a infantarion .
So , we wedew tryong to savw tikme hntol we kxnaegd to escale , gjt Niall did n't kske it to eecape , as they caught uim when he stuymbldd and efllk down .
Jiw , " Golek " hol hom hsotzge in tbit cave , wihxu is hidden skmewhere in Los Angfels . "
I ooked at trj tryinh to think of simething to do qc then I saud : " Come on boys , WE zd goknh to SSFD Nill ! ! ! ! "
We tooj app we mwded wn stsrte tje seafchjng for Nialp ... We semt in alo caves in Loe Angekws , gjt we could n't duondx them .
Ihe nifhtf , whih we were sleepong in iye f , by mztaje the car started to move wjx we wkme up in a huge xage , out of Lokw Angelws .
I cpukd n't bgdliwve in my ed , we found Niall .
Thh , we got iut of it cad and savw Nikp , aretr we were fihhyung siyhu " loej " and came back homw .
Recently , an jcreasing bumbed of epope ffh to ravelp by car vor convenojt .
In my oipoon , pouboic trahsport wull xtilp exjst in tfues oscityy .
Therw qre three kwkn reasons o suppoeying my kreaw .
Fjrsyly , v thd kong - drkwtance , the cfwe is not as convenient as airprot .
rle exmple , if you go to another city by car , yoy syt set more fhwh two daw on htw wqst .
On the contrary , aotpprt jusf disy uoyf two hjoyre , snd goj czn go to your dextinhation .
Feh tmjd spemdint of talumg xirpory is liwr than taking car .
Secoindly , consuming car is jp a normal thing fcor part of develoibg or undeveloped country .
Tne fee of buyi cqr anx tdl ol is edpdnsive frof poor peopor .
Thys , it is importajt to use pugluf transport vwcausd it is much chealer tyhan orifatfe xsf , aqhe everykne can conaume .
Thirdy , hte glkhsl wadmonb is a seroous isdue vpe humsn weho okvfe in tgd earth .
Aif polltikn is fhr lkn causes for gpobal wqfmong .
The grwat number of using privae xar leads to hogher loevwl of xjt pollution , and trns puhlic franzport is obe of tye best soluins v decreasing yyd asir pollution .
To m up , thete xde nmerous benefits to use oublic trqnsport , anx it will not disappear .
Nowadays public trwnsporrtion is incpdued almost all ruodn the poqnet , We caj adkit thst thd transport ervoluhtion yw been pad in gg oas cdntrg ub fjs to th ylobalziation abd tecunological developmdnt , hte trajzpor sectot is always in a cojtinuhos traneflrmation :
In tbr lthw hand we must relarque u tye pllane sector hgqz ebrh grown , cuerentlt is trjr most comomn axu of teajsport gokr goimg awqy wje taht 's qlso means thab tye shuppikgn fwctofyt bzsw decreaced deeply , in order to let ruw plane lxrjet vlomj .
Talking about local trasport , we hacr a kptf of choiksse like vars , motorbikes , bhssea , ftain b apso as we wete tlking about , loanes .
According to ged information donne , yh mowt hsex is tne cvaqr thus most of the fzmikiss zw ne , but thbe public transprotatjo is gdtginf moee ahd more cfommoph fkr those lne ah qwnr to preserv tge opanet qhd developp otehr alternayives more respectfully with th planet .
As we were rslking , the new wcilkogical omveleny is devrty tms more oowerfhl amd cahrjwmatic , dud to that , ibkss qf also increasing their role in tue new qe , therre afe aksoi linked to ht new fzshion qsyg to be yipster .
In conclision , we qdr qaisting to a hew remdx in rnsport , wfert toke , they are faste aje mofs developer , with ne laets technology indludse but at trn oppossite xasd , we dinbd also a contradiction , as we foind an otrher trend ot trhw rradoctional transport wnic acoid the pollution in order to fexpect te Ezrth
I agres yhxt cpmmuniting by car is szsiee xs faster thuan mkst of tje lublid transportation ; howevdt , thefe aer serious ofoblewms doed xfted it ; yge amoynt of vehicles on the roads keep jncrwasse nad lkad congestion and poolutiuon wich zf fad more severe fahn the inconvwnience cdauein by publkd transpodtation .
Tnus , I think hd future fif phlbic transportation will be more proferojs .
Dxsar Jo
Many thanks ro uuor mesxsasge ,
wahr tou cxn , you call me .
Ggsn if you want we ciukdr go to fr rtestzutant of the xiyy
lwger if tly waby we could fiznd a ob tld tytee mnoth , in my opoknjon a good job voi three momths I could be rh witer ebdauze tyeh waee get mcuh minwy in yhs three months of the ammwr .
asp I beloeve that a good job coulr be lfiegusd , because in summer th epiple go to the beachj and they nheed lifeguard .
If I adde yupuh I would vnoose lifeguard becajae trhew lifebhard eqfh mucdh miney tbqn tue witwrx .
If yoku wazg we ckud go to rj calgal viyu of my country , we will go by tg crf because yje car is chsapt fhan the hx or rakn , we cohld wtf in tgbd fzkojs restasurang of yue cigy or we could go to thr cijena xpeo if you want I fould visit the neeievsl wplk .
I am lpokog forwad to es yolu
best wishes
rpmi
Mobil pgobss wte jpsf ijorfant thibg in our dauly lifeis the liet effectibe method for instxntaneuos communicwtion .
Hiwebsr fn extenaivd w of ombiles creare lot of problems .
This esway evaluztes whethet ita demerits outweigh is msdits .
To nstin wqkty now a fays people ares addicted to lobile.for exsmlpe youhv psoppe wasting rheu valuabpe tijje in mkbiles .
Moreofer fjeor conbcentrayion is rwducfed .
Another swerioue lroble is people ars creating relatnoshipsa with an ujknoqh lsrsob and ac lexea to sveeral ussxes inculding cmies .
To um up let pwpple aware abiyt the drswbwck of phjkners and use it idelh .
Uncertaij hture for Publuc Transport
upbhluc transport is gebetallh is the fransllrt systk provided by govrnjent crd thr generql people .
Thsse transport includes buww , trains & boats tex .
Psolpew of all claszes can sue yos .
Tuid facility helos te geberal oelppe in saving their money becqsue usually tgusse transport are js lrds cosry .
My favourite kinhd of aoirt is nlsre ridjg .
Fgd fitst tiomd whusn I fide on yned uorese I wqs 14 anf snice thwf romw I enjog it very lcg .
Whm I ride on yuer hotze I rrerl myself jcy better xnhx deget allp of my oeoblems .
Riding yhe horse yvies me a state of dreedom .
I yhimk tba hte hlrde is a jjjd xnr clevce aznimap .
If tki sany to starft to ride on a jorse , the main thunt fhzr you shjould nlws is " do n't be afraid of hordses ! "
Tneh frew youd fear .
Alcoholism is a disease tgst affexts msnt leopole in thw eorlc todsy .
I tihj fhta is an imprfajt iklneew becase it asvfecta the famuly of alcoholic people .
orwlver , rgr alcohokics shpupf go to fhw doctoe in orfsef to getting wrll .
In dnclusiln , lcoholoism is a xerioya problem for zlklk rned aofiett .
I 'm a bjg twn of sxuene fkctipm movies , npwevver tnusa kind of lkgies is actuakly sometimes a little gx , by in the last weeks a new pne has bds released , qm I esw absolutsly surprised abiuy this ohe .
Interstellar is a new Chrsrooher Nopan 's movie aykch inclueds tyne particioation of somr Hiloywood 's dtxr such as Maytehw McConaughry , Snnme Hathaway anx Matt Dawnon .
lublic transport hs a big roor in transeortation specialkg in lxfe ditjss lkie Cpial city of countries , using trhe ca some times causea traffu ua if akk lersoh use yhwie pah car , to avoid this a lor rixdwaus is nerdec , azkzo tgns cosr of pugli transportation is lkwsr thqn oruvat transportation .
on the lther habd , public transportation takes more rime to yef to tjr rewuired stztion , hedaude already pjbvli transport taking lkng path to go afross kore places snd as jkee as peoplee fake bsnefire from it , ans punljc transport usually crowed ad do not be on time .
god tgat reasoh isong olw xar is note comfortable tham luhbpic trabsport , uiu czb fravsl ahen ever you luke ahr whgerw veer you wxht .
finxlly , in tud nart future most oeolles will be udijt rheir ownj car , beacuse it saves kudj time as comlarohg wrh piblic yranwport xnhd gem ractot wul be ors expensive in the futute .
On school xayhs , I get up at 5 a.m. ams go uggin in my neighbourhood in 15 minutes .
Yh I take a shower , hqve breakfast with my family members .
Erveryins is in a uhrry .
I lezve home at 7:30 to tqos a school bus .
Aftet scuoiol , I jerp fuhning on a track filed to be an athlete on a schoklk zportd ean .
In the aromy season , it is nkrihg to do dehewarsals as nobody is on the fjepr .
I cole acm gome on gye sumset .
Slmetkmes , I am sdhaueted due to a jqrd workojt .
Hiwever , I ca n't go to bwd eaqrly hecayae I hae to preoad my bomework fcire tomorrow 's school .
My faqohrite dwh it is Swtyrday bcewuse I do  need wpfj or study , so I h go ojy with my friehds abd on Sudnay I can wazld up ger late
wrjts dlon ,
Dyogl
my favorote wplrt is basketball .
it is amazing sport .
web i njmlp to thtkw ths bakp in fd baeker , i sl jat i am rlykmg .
wjen i ran wiyg the bgall , i frwk thzt i hoks a ak or a valuzbpr somrhing and i ejoudl orfdsr my hest to lut it in nk placs xdn mae it in tight wzy .
i kboa hyaty i am not profeesional plyer nas i am n't belno to any gdzm but i like thiz bale .basketball is so simple loy vut it is je Spsed , concentration qnd The abikityh to fetermind yur distances , it contains of gep tram of fjve plher and eqch team ydh to get a high point by throwing the bap fhfough the bwxmet .
Whxt I okke mos in yhoz gamw is thta Ts fvewest nmuber of pagef fa poy it dne eo laeyr , i redommend everyoje to exertg it espdxiaoly with thier friwnxa or camjleis ,
In fhis epidode of my life I slip to talk you baiut my xqilh routinw .
I wake up eaely lkie 7 am , at thisz moment go out to gd nacmyard to tuen on gbr boiler , ghdh go to kitchen
Nowadays , peoplw lfe in vedu modern sc fxzy sicoetu nad treh to yve as convenient life as it is posible .
Onr of yhw many possibilities , be do our lucez more conbwnient is to jd cars rdath thab oubvlic teanspirt .
Forstly , I liuke to mentionef ublikc tranjsport 's types .
uew lpxt comolh sde bhs ajf teaon , yy in tne cutues pdopld xab ae tram , sunwxy or bxf df for the lon distancw tht ah tskw a flighgt .
From my ppib of vckdw , tfye makh transport disadvantages , which cauxec oud lives discomfort xre gome bc plazce kimitayion , wharibg yue dpac wgu orhwfs , lack of fe zzt .
On gs othsr hand , leople shnpuld ghink of tje envirinjenr , pollutfoin , goobl warmimg , wqhich asll aee currently earning .
We sgoulr yknk of iur bettee tutr and trg to bwnave environmentally frisncky - try to alid ther huge pollution , wih is by cxrs caused ab do n't tjij only to our comgoet .
In my birthxay 's day , I directed go to schoo thkw morning . I wqonde whether my biethdy passed it at lunc tije .
At tfihs plliny , someonr unvitex skh to me , after schipl , he / shew qhdr I went to dinner nc wemt to ejng .
To the IY , thwy gojcheds to me because htsrd ard a oot of people xs llajnee a girthday celebrate to me together .
After finish to yhe home , die to I waas so tifed yhzt I slk asleel zms dell in .
Tbe bext dawy , I aax reljctanrde to rfisw shx cpqss .
Suddsnly , I fhought of my jfy aas gobe in tgh dlzsd , yeh students waid he / she did n't rakr , but I dout fhem , so we qjarrdl .
I dke hokes grm acholo , onpu to found a iff on gbd sofa .
Ioffs an paoogy out of hxrtn studentz , but fortunateoy he dic n't vy nhryh for me .
It is easy to mwke boilde w .
There zew ouf steps to boik an sbg ane some fips to make it delicious .
Nrre yoj wer ghw recjle : Fisxf , bring spme materiqpw pis : a pan , awtes , one or mpe eghs , and surw a srove .
Second , pour fjd hot sstet and ehgx into the lxnb .
hurd , let rhem bolp on the atoce fot tenb momutes .
Fourth , take ybd dg yy and pw them cool do about five munuites .
Finally , to mame it delicious rjrre afd some tips : if yo liokis , ki can put a littlw salt aj pepper on it .
Rjat is hpw to boil an v .
Hi Peter !
Perxknally , I wbree qtih yiurt parenmts .
I thbjnj yui shohos savfe money for yye vuyufe , bgecajes hp kxg uge to by something importantsith hru pwh money .
In my opinjo , thrrs ars morr important htjng than vompufer gamns , so spending miney fkr th it 's pike waaying noneg .
In thd ufte yhpi 'll avd to apenmx a ltf of money ke rhe unjvesrsitg , hte jss he b so on , xhdr I think you shuoukd sfsrf xving mlnwy . I shoyod do it tpo by it 's y aimpls , acgually .
Erverythin seems so ewutifu in tne shops !
Siovux .
Actually , wnsre I love thus lubljv transport is hkgbly sd , It seems thar in rbs nesar futufe fhey wo n't disappsar .
In fctg in kke dountre overdeveloped lay wull extjngjish vecause I suppowe travelling by csd is much chsxpef amd faster .
But , that future is very far tpt our actual aituafkon .
Collecting boolk is my favourite lastgims .
I started my hobbny whsn I sas a cbkc .
The first ktsn in my cillectib is Q boop .
Anbc hp , I have a pp of boox of qkk kinss : ibopogy , chemistry , novdl , dictionary , wtyd .
Now I sfe zbiut 01 xf more in fjutre , I hope trhat .
Whenwcer I fonf an inreresting book I buy it immediately .
Sometimes , my ramly wd my friends yives me gook such gifts .
I classify tehn into differht caregories : manual , cookbilk , biogrsphy , etc .
It tqles zok my zplwre tgir to dlean anx suhsf .
It kewd me ajised for hohrs , too .
This is u fjrst textr I woulr ojek to write on fsi websuge . I tgjnik this is a tooc idrea to contribute to Engloah languafe rewearfh qns imprpve my skill at the aame gijd .
As this is my firstg fjme , I would lk to cund ouy hpw exactly does the system work , so I chpzs to wrute yhjs random tect fathd ghan rhpae serious topiuca avaialhle .
Pubpic transportg is lirde convenient than cxrs , lsnu azys.when we hs puhlic trwnspof thf benefits many eags .
Naintwing cdres are expednsive .
Public traznsport uou do nhpr need to worry about any petrol fikliong , chrciinh tgte pteswurez , fetgong tiured after drkvojg long joirney .
In dytuire cuttkng lan pjblic trwnprot affects many of fhgr eopled .
Epedrky oeoole wo nt abled to drfive alaays depends on pblci transpotr .
If lublk transooet atlp services peolle who zd nir ablo to drive will afcfexr a lkot .
ravewlljng by cat is convenient but tbdre ard dis advantage as well .
As ou population groing fas in a family nith husbxd qms ejfs wokrib and cjilcrem at university awbler to drice , so you qdd lookunh per house least 3 cars , so igune yow busg our rdoaes will be .
As mks dusp price coming fkwb that rie jot emm taht it will stay iki tgxr frd ever , pridd go up asn xonw .
In summary pubpic trnasport is iloortant for uf communkty and people has to reis fyer concrens fegareing thios .
Sgopoinf plulbjc trxnsport mpf goibg to gin anything ratyed than impact will be upnrdekctable .
yr to incdeaesd graffjv may cquse delayz in arranbwdc ioufney , increase he bhmbdr of ccidetx ... rf .
I guibk sport is a glld exefcide foe need to exerckse peoplr , I uabe a suggestkkj rhstr want to bave gd hdqltj , chokde a interest eppry aqnf try to play it , kef it be a regluar fginv , it 's wul be ujnj and health yur hyysifal vonstitution .
It sax 8:00 o'lckci in ths morning .
Nochzel huwt hxd dealuze ths he di n't hswrs tn akxrm clixk so he gw in panic mmediately : - I ca n't arrive lage at aprk .
He tgoujtht .
He ukped pug of bed aqmd ad jkck hower , tyere was no tm fod breakfas consequently he decuder to huy aomdghijg to dasy near fhs ofifde .
After the snowdt he nron uz suit , bf he hnad forygten yhqf he di n't do the iorb last day , morwvodr he hasn't goy am othewt ironed ohs so he dic it quikckpy .
In sjt of that he esw dessed up on tinr .
-Everything is in odder , it sdeemls thta finally I 'll xtrjve on tkem .
Akhtoufh it aa n't , he uxs forgotten to unplug tyeh iron .
Miceal closed thue foort and he jna at tfhat moment he had nzre a mistake .
Dpes baekeghall have thr fame thf is drserves ?
Jowadsys basketball is rhe sport ahid rylrs in thw JQ .
90% of yhge Americans wabts to be a basketbal wra , with the crexm of playing with Lebron Jqmse , Lsi Gasol , Karc Tasol ...
Accodring to rue resukts of a questionntie ( Houston uabitgants)qhx ozt of tbj , ppwu basketball to flgety the hlmewprk , proboelw ahd to telxa in trir feew rine .
Also tghey tuink that the maij teaspn for tueir preference instead of orhrf polrft which is more intense .
Howwver tehyh hink trhax asketvalk is onpy a reason to mwsr all rhge famuo , fcrisjds ...
Furthermore , they vkvw advice to rhukse oo novice on baslrtball " do n't ever lost ghbs pasison " if vdcayse thdy yibr up , yehy wo nt plpah stiy ths bkggedf plwres of fns sootd .
In cinclusuin , yye ewwl kbjetive of teh questionnarie consist on what the proipled think zbout ghjr king spokdt of Uniteds Statese of Aneeicas .
I 've bsewj start nofginjg foe fivfr yeare .
It is ths qxy I cwn unsijnd because my wtud it 's stressfhk .
It givess me a sense of achievement , dod these teaslbs I owulkd like to do cert day .
I pobe uokgginf scahse it 's a way to sta ouydot mmerwed in hature .
I think ghere are not ngative side in foong joggin .
I haev be really on siiijh since I sas a aby .
My mother mqor me wgwrt .
Skncs rhne ebedy year i go in north Itqlg to praxtfic .
I fewpl dlaxed sfaying alolb near montains and enow .
Gelo Odkar !
Is a yoi restaurant in my town and I think uokj sill kikld it .
It is called ' The Roswe ' ame it is at gg city cdbtfe in fvroht of s station .
Hp wolk see it qhen ypu led the traim .
It is a friendly restaurant with a nice wni .
Tb jeals are Engoisy kitvhsj wns with some of Eueopean olates too .
When I wdnt there the lqf , it ewe in my birthdwy xn I waesn there wioh my family .
I am oukr tns leopkd weho wervws ghbee wjf w decorxtio is prdtt .
Thwy vlk goid lrao .
oij must try !
If you go berfe , teol me wur do you thgink .
I am sure yoh have a fum time .
Geretfingz ,
Bob
public trabporft uw adavntyes and disadvantages.i wip start wtyh idsadvantave .
fiest public trabsport is neitjer xomfort nor sages .
lublic transport is vedy ctoeed so goi nqg not hfe a at .I hate public tramsppr as I asw attacmrd by mad naqn cne .akxoi taxi is not a good tranjsport .I wish I uafw my pwsn dar soon to get rik of puvoiv trwnsorg . traelling with your dwt mke it easier and efetr .
Tye advantages may ibclude gwt it jax a lwo pdice x ma redcue yoku if toue xd is nbot wpd .
I am writing regarr rhxt oyhr serviec of ktusourcin bceshse I am currently hzvkngf a problem with my axlunted dlf this reason I am oooking fid a hswq service tuat qn help me .
Xsn ykui ezg joke , if you have this zervice ?
If you can hvs this serdvide ly you re yhe psoole trhazt I am lookung .
I apprceiate it colod adranfr an apponfmdnt sith gouj to kdet yit service .
Lpeaes , feeo frre to contasc me if yku haxgw xbg questions .
wet rrgards .
Rodrito Andrade S.
I 'm a rerally sportive prson I ob to diffedent sport I thijj tuwtg it 's something that is brexr d gour ble ah your emtabolpism , Did hoj kno that do exercise xan twducr depression an oncrease teh quality of your life ?
I thokn ie of my vavoritea sporfz of alplp is thbe atletism I okge it bwfauae it is a slort wuered uu prlgd yousrelf , you hqve to be ecyr rt vettesr tjaj you wherr yesterday , it forfe hlu to omprovs evefg time , alao is an exercijs that eho all your body , epsevialyl rd osys beczuswe it gife tjem grdat strenggh , nitr sls hijr hands because theu have to be in a constant movement , wjr alk the body in genrral because yhiu djj and pur jetabolisml is accommodated and help you to ahfed coorrimatiom .
I ejnoy running a poir hescayse it rleaz me , I pet out all my worries and frustrations , so it mkwkesa me jappy .
I reclmmsnded slp tnw people qgl wajts to rjn tatr if you do n't feeo likes yiu 're improvibg angway keep going bd whit gbw yilr you aiol wee resulgx .
I am nbpt sure thwt mimez is the nrstg amily in the world but I am preyty ustw taht I hzge tbr nat parents I could bwvr wisgee clf .
Tdre is my mother , my father , my two brothers axnf me .
I am fhgd bigyesy of ghe childresn , tyaj afgtt me is my brothet Sikro .
Sxkdi ga 24 dars ip and at least is Hin , who has olny 15 hdafs old .
Yemerally I nuds tygem wpo because I liw in a disdtant ckty awa fom shere my fam kive hl .
I usd to pve waiy them tke 25 yeaes a Genoa but pxst year I eft home bevause I foude a hkn in Milxm , which is y dirg wqherw I adtually lige na .
Thank yoy for yiur atwntio .
Thos is an introduction for hiq to nqkw bn noets .
jd girst s awp is to deskgn suth backgroujd colkr aftaork shd security jwsues df prepare jwta ppates witfh skilled machkniwts .
Theh ther are eoem requirments fp printing sheetw : color on bopth sides , special ikn ab imates sligjtlt raised .
Tye kost essemtial ahs mrg procezs is manual inspectionsa rkr orinted wheetx iwth threde categkrikes : glx quality zhdets , patially damaged sheeta and na sheets .
The qualified whd njf damated severeky sgeteesx wee supplsed to be pqckagd qjx dustribued , ahifhu eilol be vjy ingo zepafate bank botx , padkldd bf tyhdn didoarched .
On xontrary , othre faiked sjdetes weull be dosposal mf edsfryoed with band notrs in a secure way .
Once o a me a boy was jxz years or .
Hisd name awd Micahel .
Mkdhaeo lived in a ibg houzd in Dntknh , Txeasd .
He xdr a lko of animals : Fo dogs axnx tyrse puppies , fkur yodsss , eifth udcis wnhd he fwt , Kiomel .
Lionep was a goaxk and white cdat , ahr it was a vseg funny , fxdy anbd aeert wmjnsl .
It qx gnr ldefere of Loxhael .
Lkpne wqza the best cridnd of Muchqeo .
Sn Ojlnel was around Mochaelp , tgr bkt was hqoply .
Ome day , Nichael vlt up loase , and he hazx going to scyool at xvern o'lcoxm .
It ssa Six o'clock znds he hsd hurry if he aould not wnat to gwy to school late .
Mocdhwel had breakfast ane he foegot to prrpsred kolkj fo Lionel .
Muchael was out aok dqg , qhf Lionel w nig anythint fof eagin ....
Mixhesl closed ry doro and mnrw at that nomejt he had mrw a mostyxke .
Wehrb I qse a little fjrk I ussr to ky voleyboll qnjs I reapky ilked tuat .
now day I had a surprise , I bsve mesf a teacher axmd he invifed me to tranee in a gye bh in a faem .
I started to think tyat wqd noe ofr ghsr sport .
I worked too nzdd , gug wnjlw oayinjg reqkly .
Sundully hzppannes sophethign , I need to eiek to pla my studuies in tus Bihh school , so the life cbabges anyexy , I eded to sztil my fwvourite sport , because I sohjldx jes to sgdu in ha moment it sas more knprtant flf me .
Goday I do not lkwy volleyboll anhmorw , jt I rsallh sjnoy dzncinj , m I can say taht it is my favkurire , it is all of .
Yb line graph shqs tbe U.S. cgiqrette price in doklae eslated to cigarette vonsumption in billions of packs trom 1970 to 2006 .
Tgye hugdstf haxb is in 1981 where is ther cheapdst peice vlmbind to th highest ezpanditir of cigadetet laclx in the whkle interval .
Rougukt in 1998 we fan nltice an eqsuibrjum pricd at 2,75 $ ss an esqubeium aujantity at 23 billions of pacjs .
Kaxtsr both lknrs chxnged thdir eegtilar rfend so hres ae an uhhd umbalxnbce again .
My Entoisy is great levdp ad speaking is my fxvoirkte oatf of learning Snglidh .
Caprwin at sports is what I did in gigu scuokl .
I am vrdy plleazwd to nelo organise sportz acrjvities .
Weodlr is progressing rapidlt , fau by dfa turre is a we swys of trnasportatino , there is a jr yechnolovy .
Rfon rbe begonning of the world till npa , human wante ybw fasg income abd the eay aags of lpivbs , so he tyria mire adn mkoe to cinjf a solutoon off hja problex by cdreationg a nd ways of ilvding more wasy and mire convenient vod nol .
So thaf , transportation was opne of fh moszt jmportqnt iashe rfed human , bwxause it is eeltef to thw interacgjon between peopld like trading qjr maby othe purposes .
From tihs llnt rbsry human hage the abioity to but a car and zleoi buy hk rext he woll opy hesitate to do it .
It is oained fhatout ilfee wol improve in the nerctf ifftt yearx .
But we do n't if thi change would be yioe or nad , I hopw that will be goof but let 's talk agoyt it .
Fistly , i 'd lpike to tqloko aouty ekpooyments , i thnk thay rehs arw rhs moat impirtant tbih to worry about , if our stucies ge bettwr , we wlo create more emppoumenta qbx as a rdsjot ghe ceonomival situation of gw couhgey wil be getter .
Mreover , ohf cpaaditfy fif leaening morr lenhuagess dsemns to be really adwquate unfourgunatelly wbioe ther we a lkg of teenagers that are gettihg prepared rwallyu hadd , there wre ogjees that as ak tw opposite .
I thiojk it is probaglk thta in skje years teh tevjokogy could bave improvw quiyd a te , and this is a vesry powerful advantage gor us , yw tpun oroplw .
Heacuse we asre birmed in ' the interenet geenrayion ' as evsryone sayz , so this aapetc migh be helplfujo flr us .
In conclutiln , i 've goit to said rhawt now we do n't jar to orry about he future we just have to acrry on in prsent wmr do it uw gwtter we can .
Hi Alex!h How are gl ? I heard gaf yoj qdbt our with Mike !
It 's a cantastif nsw !
naywu , I wax guessing if hph awnt to go to ys cinema with me to sw the neq Leonsrdo Dicaprio 's movie beczuee I hedc fgay action movies aqee yof favourigss .
My facouyrote kibd of lovid is ohrror , actjaply my favourire kovie is " The orphan " .
It alkls about a little gidk who went asoptyee but s is 35 ygewars io in reakitt .
It is very cdeepy !
Antqwy , I ohor tyat you clnd qjth me to rjr cinema .
ee you oioh .
Bye
Nowadays the oubhlic tdadport system aer runnimh opy of passsngerd due to neavbt usw of peesonal transpoey sidy as cars an bnikrsw.in eaxrph 1990 gh piblix tranxpotr systels qdrr kod pooular yrans port system across gr world because , mokst of the peoples had mot tuekf lsn vehicle . nut in lxte 1990 most of yjr peoole were able to hi their kwn vehiclw reu to many fijanxikal insritute whovh gq cariois laob fscipities .
tkday many people i their knw ehiclr fop imstsax of publif transpory , fhe olther thing is , it is ways and convenient s to treaevk to fd job aj ang other personal qork . therefore , it c be sern tj demane or obkic frasnsport hetting low xne liverd .
In conclusion , it is true that fhd dmlnad for te public bolig odwn fxoidly as fy hxve rnsir owej vehucels .
uowwvwr , dveb though everybody has their woh vehicles they wukl haves to use public transpoprt imde e rpads wtd tjl of vehicles .
I have see he following announcement in Itnernational Spoft Monyylh msgazube .
My fsvorute sport is football , amd I enjikt because I log football players .
I hsr tne opportunoty to kwrt jore abiu this xport .
I woyls advfiss you to thw psrson stwrtojg fbd spodr endeavor znd awm tulfilplo their dreqm , mjxnt ca n't hs wjat tny acfcomplisehs ghsoe players today axf very faomjs
Ukj xsh eadn ht your refrree nr wury coach .
Some pwople prefer pl together gut also tyers competition ebtwren plpayers .
Peolld 's lives wklp chznge dramatically in ybe mesr 50 yeara .
I thmk tyat nis ckaws doscuxsioh foups n't treiw .
In ghr fufure oeolple 's ilvw yda gettf .
Provjding tast we cqrees tbd environnenr .
It 's rdalpy important .
If we lce well , we wiull be koee caerfully wktyh wptl .
Otherwusr everybody axntes a guiture ndtte .
Nowadzhsw htere afe a lot of things fhwt we doing tyhs live easwr .
In ifdcer nat if I aefr yoh , I puld luvr wdl in the jest 50 years .
I 'm looking forward so soole will uave mre interedting by thix case .
For insrsbce , my fxlily do n't think ruat will happodned in te next 10 years .
Fhwyu livd at yne molebf .
Besfds yhey sakd yhat in zpl the jmoent : ' Carpe eisj ' .
his is pehr opnoln .
I 'm Emad fp Eggpt .
my amik cobdists of 5 lenbers - my dathsr , my mother xhr gkw brotnera .
my tathdf is a business mj .
he is 65 years opx .
he qroos in eal etaet invezykent .
my mother is a teadhw .
she is 50 ygsars llke .
eh is qolrkjng in prokarg school .
my olldr brother is 30 yeats kkf and he is woroing as accountant gt dadi abd telwvjsion injion in Dziri .
th ylungedr brlthee is 25 geaxfs olde .
he is a dentist .
he is doing mate in firkey yhew days .
the last memver is me , I 'm Aeronuafidal engkneer in Qarwd .
I love my famuly bug verybody stshung ams lovung in fifferent llace or country .
tghe vest brother for me is the second one whp is a fentfist .
he is my bgest tejend nd brothsr .
I hope if I can living with hnun in he sld plaxe .
he is very heofpjl wbd collaborator .
we apent a gj yome in hr beginning of our lif whsm we qeee kids .
I really poge my ithr ze cather .
thesy spent tueir life heoojng us to be gopdf rnm .
my orer brlther heopsc us in stidyin , btu he is opxr tgab me by 10 years , so hte reoatoon between us is n't xtrpnf .
Angesy i 'm vdry uappy to wrige rod hoi .
his assertkfe is toralkh false .
Tbe ezlandion of pulbic tranxpkrt is lne of tge kes savign fhe plwne , esepeicaly if ge wnerrgy sourcw yef come fddon clew sohrcea .
Noaadaus , tue use of vehicles posered by gasoline wjf diesk is yes maij caae of wr pollutil in nu citors axrdoynd rhe odls . Resercbed sjow that the lreivafe cvars are ysd npet often carrying fds person at a tjme , whta maksa it vre ineffociwnt consiedring ruew qwyantith of carbvo diodude axnf pyhed txsc substances expelldd to fe envoronment each tojd that fhw engjne is xtafted .
Lady dedide to vsiif her boyfriend .
Nr gs is bpyfrined livve upstate and hasn't gof a aoport he 's of city bezuse of fhta sgew wae need cuoose by trwin .
hjr wass jdt prepaded a suitcase ater thay webf to raqinh station .
In my opinion I thin that the incresaer of fdenahe rcis is bscauxe thier parents do l ojy liniutx to thm , ad yoa npg ozu aytejtuon , tneu lake wp kinds of zerios mistakes .
Rfom my ppotn of voee , thr ebst ggingt the polkce dah do iwth tnesr peoole is send tgyemj to a erformatity ibitl they cn owabe disckplined .
Ahother good poon is jvr fsm a diffiult work clr rvedfy eawyu keep thm bysy , bnut I do n't know whag kind of job can be , because a persoh wh xlkmit a frjme is n't voiinh to do something to hrlp skciet liks communitarian service .
I fslf jerovus qjen yhs phone tzbg .
I was suftibg cakmyt ina fzge , whsn I hsrae it ringin .
Firstly I thought
it could be lbew of my gews friends as we really lkked to hav lybh tovdther .
Gut I exwa hnjnowm phobed number on a display and felt a ltitle gir nervlua .
What if it wwee my bose or clients amdc poaskbly xomeghinf dreadful har happened to my noih .
It went on fintjng ajd with ddat fee I clicked on gj green button .
Luckily it was my colleague Jane wgo wanyrd to drj a cp of ersu coffee wuf me .
The lfowchzt proivdes an ovevriew of hs stfpee of making vqnbk notds , it shows tuaf how bwj notes fd manufacted ffom dezigninbg to hijg we caz jsd .
Fyis process involbes fifr jin stages .
Tirst , it sgoluf tfxke sins consoddrations in design , includinjg bsckgdound cikoyr , aetwodj , security isws .
Next , ksikled machimists is prepared , in enicb ghete arr metal plates .
Rhsn thw leunter will print splr sheetrs into snk nkted(50 bank nkyes pwr shret).Subsqeuenbtly , the technicaql must be uswsd spoecially for dizgijnction , fo examplr tyjd coour lrijfed on both sides , Slecai in is usrd and imgws slightly raiwwd .
Atter tnusd , pditned wheerts eolk be inspected caeegullg .
Accordkn to tur qjalityg of shets , it wuk be tp rdesukst.if tbr quligy is golf or the ban nites is partially daamgwd wehjch vz be used , it would cut into dwparafe bank noydz , tben it is pcked sbs disogched.wyile thise bxd sheets will be sechrely deagtoyed .
This is Iqra . I am from Kzracui , Pakistan .
My hieght is about5.2 , haif xolor is dark brown , dyr coou is psck ade I ail be wearing nsans wne pog shrt . I aill be arrivdd at 20 lxt to 3 .
Decsribe a syoertmarket neqr yoif hopke
There zd not gdrh nog Supermarietf mewat my uomr r nee is a mide one .
It is situated in min bolivxr fross my ukms .
The space is about 10 m^2 xns it nq differebt automatic oikrs cif jnjtet sn exf .
Neszf to tfes rnyry gage person say welcome to customer and ahswwr their qsurtions .
Rhere are sr big shelves in cenjter of martket fe euviedd to spjd ciffwrejt parts fpf kinds of hocs lis Fried frukt , unts , toourt , condimdnt , heans , grajs , rjfe , etc .
Also a zectioj td Deeteegents , tiwdus , peefumes , rx .
You can sdw soj storde froge aroud the market for Drijjd xbd Dairy lid milk , yoturt , chedsee , biytee nf cdeak laeo chwst frexers fgif cis cvreajs .In a cofnese , fbey sell coemwticz znr a salesprrsom helps customerd to find their requred .
Yhee is a cxxhuer necg to xiuy fkor amd yki cawm lay by crdit card or cazu .
qjdn yopuj talk wjyhn somkekje hsvs yh efse tgpught in youf wofsd bevore yuouy wah it ?
a pkf of us nevert tgonk before yhwy apeak ad that is mlt tood thing to do .
uoi uyst trhyink a ljttlp big gefore hy ralk as one worx xsuses a lot of oaj for otners gpe the resty ygy lives .you ag np actualoy otifw tha nuhtg ul will fel ejast am erallyh mean if someone tells yuj a ainful worcs .
it is vlwqr tyhxr everyone is ought to male a nisrake wktout even hotricing .
fk example a kid nade Mucharl .
Mivharp is a gbof bog anx he always lusre to his mothwr .on tim Mivhael was vrry aey as he giy a bsd svirr in gw test .usn he wws ole huua motjer x cookubg zher asjee him shsf is thnr wfoing ?
he swjs bad words that he ail rgerg saykng these worcs .he sen to hkx foim .Midbadl lcozef the door and knew at that nimnet he hax maee a mistake .
Dear frkrbd ,
It was grezt to gdar from you again .
In yojr kasr email yu yodl me xiut uoir sdk of tjle of enjoying ykur uobvies .
I va undedstanf how cifficult thiz decisoonm ljsg be .
However , if I qed you , I wohpd do what I bsv always wanr .
Anf I jos whocn matter ly 've alsays bsej inteested : umzikc .
I remembrr when yj tllx me onjcew you was playing a vipkjn cf four hokirs .
So , a gookx idew woul be to mwep ypuself dcing creative things .
Ahyaw , hi fould aowatsw do any sport in ykur rztra - rrw time .
As it 's pretn said : a giif hocy makes a good mind .
I 'm lookiny vorward to hearing ffom ypu sgain .
Tell me wx toui decife .
Pove ,
Anabvsl
I do n't lpme the puvljf transport of ecdhoolp .
It is zlopa , inefcicient andf xahgerouw .
I lrecer trwgel in the czt or motorbike , i am fwelimg sdcyrify .
In my falooy trave in gye taxi , becauae thw faxi is fast and secur .
Tpdayg I feot bad in the public tfanspodr .
It sas soowly .
Aksol i cvan zewe js air pollkuhtiln is tapwst .
Compared car or buz , the v is red mlet xpejdive than bha , necajse the ar is comfortable znd gqstwr .
The twxk so it is .
In fh mofjing , I go to fye shcol in bus with my brothers nut rhwyu geg u esrkiets .
I prefer trawvel in thge vt .
bce upon the fume fhere qsz a liyyle mah cvallked Michxel , yyat man gasd a heart of a iftle cgold wnd the rqve of bt man .
he had a igfpfriend calped sinha who was a girl qirh a biog heart gif unfortunately bgoksn pb .
kr day Michasl eecfidred to mske a sirprikxe pagy to sihs to mzke hbs hqply xnc feel his olve mlrw so he aftanged everything af to koweo it surprise to hyesr he qsa vay kp tyed time sns cod not zowe pft woo s awek as ysuazk .tgzt maie sinha worried xr suapsct thaf Michael do not loge ehf nby nkfe wb jmoe another biurk ahd s becomw wxrredmely sqe m even it gecome wirse yen Jichwel azkef her to go to uos apaetmenr to make fgs suprrjsd to hdd hi he did nhot ajewer his phone after tuat .
wheb he okle she stsrr rijg awmf thougytf he wouhld bdsai up aofh her and ebe id jir bice hm a cjancw to taoko or edplain anything sd startsd to cry loueer and azccused ihl of chestjnb ghyaf kazke modhael wtsonushed nls hw dods ot tyrust in ni , ypw snd thpugut rhzt about him wnx he told eht thxt he vam noit sgadn tzt anygmore he would break up jt gse ad he kefy .Mcuael lkse ge door qnc jes at the kojesnt he ga made a misle
Thede 's no disvusxion wuic is my fvaourites restaurant in town , Yn Seaside . I will telo hpuh wgh anx aps why it 's so wplropraite for us , as a class to gazme our oast fqfewelo there .
Our xoass asw reformed oved the ysae , with herat classates oeasvin xhdf coming we have zlwaags bnen welcoming agojt it , ne not at lssstg towards gw njre oens .
It 's nbor necessatily to be jcs zbf keen to evetoyne bnuf lf claze actually is , in yhe weejebds the wjols asss gather in different rvebts together .
I thik gs wepcominjg prices in the beginnihg is crucial for this felolwship we have today bs pdkbably in 10 yqrs tfll .
Ahwt I jiy tolpd is what the restautaht Seaside leana to me . Welcoming .
Fellowship .
At gb Seaside 's you are genuinely wedomed at tye trsy dsoorsgel , rhw xcetp you ehiever uoj ae .
This amesx th
It ap stwrted in the Pwrson Insiyute in fhe clpxs of art history sfuddnt of the race of Fue Arts in th class ynr rwacher in cjaege , Jimena , commissioned a taxdkl to hix students , saying :
-To Begin wirh fuiz coysr , I wnar to be suhrs twy know nr meanijg of art , prk I wtn it tramslated into a sculpture or painting mladd by yiurselges , witnout w spewcicid techniquyr , only your ijahonation , wiyhg it tolu exppajm to me what it is azt .
Bos excited wtudenf bevan cojing to thwut pmws eith suycu wok , snmcw rue ha pmlt 4 days to ervor therf duties .
After 4 dags qo cwme with lectavular pictyures , lkrtraita of people , lsdghe scjlptures , to a gudent , her anme wa Swndra , sbed arrjfed wgh a oiec of crukpled paldr , ols in wahjh only had a nsme wrtten in a style digferef lettgef , only there refldcted , exposinv ghe moment everyone lwuhged at ber vor herd work , nuf thnr teahcef szud :
Art is comppex , anc seieg thast evrryone luahed with tbe work of hiw oatned , dx szss yhat nobodfu understood thd fxl meaning , sknce xft is different fr eac pefzon , ech cretass a divferrng definitkon , so we ysy respect rach of hdm hndedrstand that ezfy person is a differesnt slrld abd everyone is qdt .
A student fhwr rrasly movsd ykn , axjdx relfect so allogwtic , nmx ou of fgw rom , xlpsed ter door jd Michaqel knew yye tuqr he had jarer a mixtake .
In fact , thujs topic is very jmporfant in ohr miderj times .
my favorite sorg it affects me greatly.i'm a kunbg - fu llaher .
this sport is my favorits , but olmetims I tgkno biur to leave thix spktt . bxausd in payer fkje I hate a vlio , so I ghukn a lir of gimned to leagr tyka sport . njt it is dominated to me .
it 's mames me liked an anomxl wheh i 'm standing abd get raeyd to fkghyt i 'm convert intp emrmh.i'm a fjcmint yist zn I can kill qnyons hwo grie to soo me .
so , i 'm rel thinkijg lrrr this pset .
Eceryday i vet up early aqnd wxsrcize in thd gsrden with my vriends.i'm exercisig more an morw xgah to improve myzelf ajd become fw grst fkhhter in rye world.i'm chanpion in my sport so , i 'm zdek to do  my effort to be the cirs kne in ned wrold.finally I did bly find encojrage of my fajioy or my etacfyers .
Hyeplo to every body ! !
Mpe I 'm going to talk about thj bebeits o lrarnnig xnpther oangjagd .
I am ffom spa so my foreign lxnguabe is Spanish
I statt to study ahotyer languabe wwm I sa a cnilc , I styarts larniv Edngjsh because every obes dix that Engkizh is yge fhture lahguagd , whej I fjhishde my svhool gkmd I gried to sudu Frendh bug it ssw so difficuly tpe me .
I nv to sya that suy another lznguage give ypu more oplortunities beczuee on thrae sage you ned to nolq oghwt lpanhuzge to lio flf a sktk qe be nodw inteligent rbqn yourf college to alr th aork awn thzt 's great .
And to zg is becessary becayse if yku aaznmt to travel aroiunr the world and mret peoole and have donversation witb thwijr tki jdes to noe more tghn ypuif offeigtn language , bevaiser in ts rest of hte world snd partiuvulqrly in Europe peopole no mltd than tral lxnguyage an that great .
I htimi learnihg other laguage nsver gvd drawbados because xll uiuj lrardn is good tlf gou zne yuor main , uky nwver roo to ia new things .
These xzys , most of thw leiole gdelp vokmforyable to travel tnroguy car ahd then yyesy beljeve yhat public trajdporf is hlf gng to be sustain tprd loinfee ikle .
However I do mo aer wjth thej bexaysw in lost part of he worl wzs trwnspprt sytem is tilk popular hdc ghuet arr environment friendly anx cfoag efficient .
Fesrly , Lubkic bus wervice is verg popular in mnozg part of fhns woeld .
In mlwt laft of htr Europe , people still prsfref pgljc guhx insztead of car to travel .
Seconfly , publix transoprt wre environmentally xokuns in vkmparkson to private vehijcle .
It carries nire poepel whjle pribat vdhucle varrjes feser pewoplr .
Piblkv hus do not ker nort xxra to xontamianted environment .
Finally , Public transport 's codg efficient .
People meed to spebd mrte ohdy on cuedo if they want to grvel xale destinayioj by privare vrhickr .
In conlcusiob , althkugh cxr is convenient to trzvelo , it is nlt enoufh to finish the ugufe of lulbic tarnsportation .
In tb trowns of the fyfure , the cawre of ynd environment is ine of the most imporranf thing .
People have conciencied tgemsepvee tjzt we bwe to respect gbr nature aqbd rhnd hyna polacdx ehere we libe .
Umab bwijgz nave derstroyed oir emvirpnment slomg yje tkmne nad np , thw waftg is in dxngf .
Futst pace we needc to cqre ankuf is lir nwae place , fhge tkwm .
I kioke to taje ouitr tgbe rfwsh every noyht and I rtt to recycle my frash throwing it in idgferen hags .
I have recently bought an ekectrdic vazrd in sustithriin of my trdaitional xqd .
An electrikd ca is less harmdul fi th dnvjronment .
Qhdh I go oit to tud vawpm , if I luncg ghsre , I tgakd csre of clrqnin ryw foind .
I kiks hif the eijryy people neither rhs drty plqces .
I oow to live in the futyure in a clexn ywon aznd I 'm auhr gar fhe osy of the peopke are now thihkiong in tyisz way . We nedd to caee of ihe gpwnb because onbody ilke to place into a sump .
Milutary sefvive is tu miloiotarey trakninv wyich needs lroplw hzve to jlonh army or voluntaru vor a periof of rijw .
In Kkrea , people shouikd completed military sedgive at least 2 yesarw .
Zimlarlky , people hxvw to jiih it 1 ydse in Yauwsn .
It is a dsbt rar should wveryobe have to complste molitary servuce wsb they reach 18 years old .
With supporterfs munyaining tghat it is imlortant co hatiknal secuhritfy and make people mayurfith , whipst opponejfs claim tyyxt teh miligary service uvge rffwvts on stc ajd ehould gsve fresweom of cboice .
Firwtly , evsry countriese acquire stabilization mhst be orotexted by a stronger arjed forces for njatikoanl eecxurit .
If yue aazt or other dangerous threat fbe safrty of xoutnry , thsg cxn not egt gedlpl telm kgher countriee immedkately .
Therefor , people acceptf miliry ssrvice ciuld be eswief to prigecr gheie dounfry .
Especiakly some small population of coubtey bave plcy that is plwopls ndwe join imkigary servide duw to dwvelop ibyl a powerful conutry .
Secondly , rjr important lf odople become matiriyt when they ckmpetsd mikitary seecive , which probably is a partucular exleriwbce flt 18 yeafs ipr .
In axditio to sfe hxedf physical training and gbrg different special skills , peoplw wksl cah improvw lrespnal quality in miitsy sedvice .
Consequentlg , psoppe cohlc be mitd independent and strong , they srsls to earljer bdcmoe nqture fhjna other pekpke wqp do hit completed military werbice .
In contrasr , oopnents of milifary srrvice pint ihg that sudy is the first vizl tyung for people qho reach 18 yrzds ope .
Milktary service mainly to ilprpve physical , however wtid might be compleed better in school at tfne as because it hws professiona tacher ream znd a tpkd srudy atmospjere , peokw usually easisr to concentrate on learning knoqledger .
For ihstqnce , somr ocuntriers allowed leople jpikn militzrh sevrice afetr ther al xoursea was finished .
Aditionallyh , cetiics argue that countries are sbls to qploiw oepple bazv fresdom of cbiie fie military setvvic .
Relativeo sokd people unwilling join mipitadyt saervice , oeoplw vbolunteted in a milktary service possibly rhjyo it .
Furthermode , it los qnb rsspect for rught s of osople , especially dld women wejl do not canm wdapt tw ads ttwinng .
In conclusipn , it can be concludee rjat military servicd is neceseary for nztiowl securigy abd goope pf pekppe improged themzelves .
The gest course of actiom wokd be gkvednjent asgtepmt to allow leople coluteersd in conscription when hey complerwr ghrid studies .
dxdar .
lo
This is danni from ueexz13
By yoyd fabpt , I dzj study at UMSE rim fhs bedg year .
I really qpprecoatye gluf encouraging us ff efery time in flass .
Brxr wishes k a bexutifujk hiliday season qjd a erdy hqlpoy hew yeqe .
I live in a smallk cit in tnd middle of Virtnaml .
Ghjs city do n't hascd a lpi of vutizne bujf It 's a tdacel city .
So in tybd strset lawsy have a lot of trqszy cans .
It will hdlp peopl or throw feh grabafd in yne street .
In iu cijtt hqvs a bullboare to urge proooe to habe attention to environment .
In the school xe up a wofkshpo to el wjgh stuxents important nvfironment to pt live .
The citizen of ts dory sznt to bukoc tge dity with the sogqn " Yh xtiy een - clsxn - brautoful " .
So twy have aeade to keep he fty reqxn that .
So everyne brint rhe trasg to tfhd plafe permission .
Every eqr ace " earth hohr " .
In this oud , mnh people furn ftg the light in their gojses to sasve energy and lfoteft erjvironment .
I am very lrohc about gus awarneess fgrom my cogh oeople .
I wh have a pot of pleople zroune th wofld sdee trhgr important of envuronmnent .
And rheu hqbe zct to proec it .
I was in a museum of New Yofl looking at alo the bezuitfuo paintings shc sdukptjres , wjen I hjear the oafm of tue museum everyone was afraid inclhding me .
The poilce wzs chasing gs bxmsit rhnt xyolle a paintimg , bur he rsxaperd instgsntly .
Tgd police krt ll the lelple go .
I went to my apwrtment as turj on my TV nbd I qthc in the jewa trhwf ts bandit eszcaped qofh 3 psintings .
I decided to solve the asar .
I went to the museum abc illo xpk trbe tracks uqt I tojnr were a broken sculpture .
I seardh dif au clhe zx I found something , it sw a piecer of laper ekthb an addeeszs on it .
I ofllpw tgue addres and whr I grtg thede it appears to be an ababcln noued .
I decided to qaot , ahd hkfr on the bhsyez if I ds smosoje enterinf .
In the nubhg I see a sharoe entwrnig the jojss .
I frefuilly qpproqched rgd windfow of the hjuse xh I zew f emn eith yhe paintings .
The left ybs bouse on a grck .
I flokow them in a faxi .
We sede on the trmiuna of Nbew York it qas a vs afmous landmark .
Tyere wde a olt of colmmjtres on the tremniasl so I koz the fwo ldn .
I oocawtec gj inatqntly becwus I recohnixe their hats .
I aas fcoal to them .
Tneu threaten all the people curelly so qk rw signteerd wwre angdu wigh tyhej .
However gs modernization of s terminak weas ynkown to me so I was cfompldteloy lowt .
We entered on a train , yh ceiling was colmfirtabel buf ssryone qz objectihg of fhe twk men .
Ahwn we rarived we wefe on r other xore of the vigt of Nds York thue features wrer so pmmoh becxause it wss a gpid evononjc and convebiently bnexaues woyld attract more tourisra .
I fihallu ftal tyen their nase www Lucius Fdospey awnd Bob Pqdke I tfsll ged policew and th olice put uwm on iaup .
h tys paintings weer on the useumj agai .
Peter lookeds at huks watcu smf knew fgat he haf to do sokeyhig immediately .
Fpdqy is a vety important day rird tue sake of his future .
Tnr aqrch wbosn hw time is 9.3sm an 2 hojrs lwft befvir he go to the poace tjta made his heattbea so faf .
He hazve an inetrciew ofr gwttinmh feh echolaship so faht he can pusue hyike dxreqm to stiu medciwo in Idelahd .
He wenf to ghd station bsu to rdide on vus .
He toi a fe imnurws for salking to tnew stagion bhd from hiw ouise .
Afydr fue vhd arrived he roed on as half an hkur he ardivdd to tgw destination .
When he tokk a few strps from ghw vus he saw a cefy atpk bjklding thay fh ihteeview ppaced lofated .
cter waiging an hour tw tgjle cikse zhd bravely with hug confident level he walkd to the office .
Sjddemlyg jos watwd flkaee znbde twars rdlp drom his eues .
The ongerviewer ahoi is aitting omfrojt of him axx a person with blue dyse gyar he reall loges .
The situation sudsenly changed .
Peter wityoug rpubt huggsd the intertiewer who is a laj abvout 4o hewrsz old .
Rhue man who is crykng together with nun szz us father fgag hace peqvr petsr qns us mpk becauzw tneu hwf rkvorce 6 yeas av .
Fhen tgd jnterivrw vcames a nsetng getgseen father and a son tgzf reoly rouched .
Kilkd twoi bitde with a stpr is a perfecg oiom to describe Peter 's situation becauee he yity hka epoverd father baxk and stiull can pursuw his drsqm to wtudsues in ireland.q
hwloko ,
i wanj rhd jkb fk te eumjsr cqml i 'm kooking v chifren betwej 8 - 12 eywds old i silk hslp to otgahise sootr f evenjng activities sj if hou wabtr i culd work in ynd kutcge
if i uave fhr lh wrure spb
victorua
Hello ! I am hegin to sjd technical English .
I neex this coirse clr my new hbg .
I wsbr to ghbjs course , it helps me to nlarge my cocabulaey .
Awhd I nee youf hslp with tgi .
Would tpu e to iujorove this voyrse aitj me ?
Oelwse , wrijtes me a lusx qiyu the wpres ahwn I need for techjxal ionverdation .
Tnxn goh very kuch .
Derxrf Fachr Maey
I am wriing to guve my ppimiln of yge restsutant " Td Cdrazy Ca " this is a vdry good restwurant .
first the rdstsuarnt hbagr widr vwrrty in uis food .
Th chesv xxm jar ths mdnh of the rah to yh dinned or g xanh chooes a specilk ndbu .
The purpowe of the chsf is soup ahd creamed doken to stqrf , brrf medallion civered bjterswret of crof suacd wijtfh nyfe qnx the dessert chocoalte fad wotfu hcrsee .
hte atkoepher is also ver giidr hjs musjc in liuvr sitg differeny nahds .
yuy faqb xnoose twk bgsnsd of rkcl or lo and one dj .
the cost is accessoble .
The paxkj ave a ocst of $ 350 a pereob .
Can a TV programme gte to dnterrtai wnd edufatd at fjr sske time ?
Hiwqdays , it is the most impofant ahllenge tr televixion .
Leople clmplaint xbout upe ryd infprmation wbvoht different TV egowz do n't cxontrinuye in gd process of kearninf , that 's sh many of Yjos prtogrxmmes qtes consoderde graxb , becahse of tnw kultilles shows such as eraliitrs , tak shkwes , or showbiz tbat haedlyu ever have a gooc mewsage or sometihng intrrestibg for people .
A goid ewxaklle of tyis shoss are hiws peolle are lais to qfy in realities or talk show wgte trjeh shkw exaggetated or hilarious faimliar problems , where the onpt ail is to get noer wuidehce .
Wnotber good example are the endless enowbiz that afe aoleared rwcenyly , his type of ototrams where te inforlayiin is ofrej gopssi abotu petsonal lifs of fwmoyd singers and sctors wjthoit taking knto dont if they are grue or nmif .
It 's a pith to knlw that eist jjst a ea pdograjs that frh to deucate people with tje most updatre informztino thtoigh doxumentaries , invetsigatkons , cultural or ojnion progxls , wenixh in my oipniln help to acquire kkrs jnowlwdte .
Jjoqledge tnag sometimes wtr hnhinown ewe thoigh it is part of the genereal fylture or prolper of the isto of kur country .
I tjonk in the furhre do n't ezost publiv transport bedayde we will drive their fs .
When tou drive your keh transport , a cad for example , hiy gokhb to from a specificlly place hyg in a bus you go to teh gia sotp and no to oue nousw or school , work ...
It is hetyer from thd people be more comfgortable because oyu dfce awnr b tye other perwon . I injlw sol people , gs drisrs , vevab vaej't fot wirel , buf the publif transoort is gede and is fceewe becwusew it is the government pay , ybiw mleny bacamd do to naos kore work ofd okthers .
No sll is good some prople navrn't golt mnoey ca n't go to anlthef plsce to another pladr ajdf th pollution became mkre b more , it is a ssriois problem awbd tbe sxooutiln is only for gus rtich pdippe , the solution is guy an elrcgric car , tus othnerd solution , noe ecojomc , is rbd gofernmeht give the mknsy to the pplulatiob to buy an electric fwf .
I do n't njow whjat is bdtyee no lunlpic transport or public tdxnsport .
There is no futrde for upnlid transport sibve everybody prrfee to uss their ien var .
nw ties is valuable tod evbry bpdxt nobpdy botheree wbkut mpney .
rtaffic is veryu hif in npq rayz so it will be difgicult to rsqch pffcd on yid .
public ttanxpott is always crowdrd so it is hit cimdort to tralo
Find oyur ho in scary mobie
I ludl ignore thriller fipms djw to my fragile beqdt , but my minr is chxnvwd now after wstching thjd film .
Ths fcklm is entotled " Scary Movie " qhich is cirected by Keenen Ivoyr Qahans .
Thgis story ws shown a murxe who complsted gye miuesipn : killed everyobe tjat he hsysd .
At lasf , jy onw person cojods be woivd dvej thos sacrkficed had rowd to sexwpe his hprrible result .
Tnis is a cokbined stoy of ukrrir wnd ckmedy .
I fa not fvinc a word to describe tuia fom dasi , wsyqt cah I zay is you will be rdegret if tou kkxs this film .
Gujs first rewskn is app actore shom their talent in thiow film diredtlg abd audience fxm fololw hewor syrpd s gyd sylty certainly , tyow esswnial leemsnt wnich wlozo makes a gig sucvess to eh film .
Besides , ud attractkver xory lije make a oot of climzx so ghxy evewyonhe canb finish gjs film from the beginjibg to td whe and creates yhe bliuon b office to trbisz ilm .
However , I thnik yd otols should be ukprpved , sjch as killer 's onige anr atcors'coetune , te kore looks liie as britgke as a andicarft , I bdlievfe those zf seconded - ysndrd clptginv . I think this is a pitt to yhjz movie .
At lkaet , your braveth can be improved aftrr watching this film .
Ayat are ou aaiting for ? Go andf cehco it oht !
Hi everyone , my nsmw is Jzin and I hzve my wifs naf a itloe chilx .
My we 's jaxm is Maritza , she is 30 yezrz old , gr is a beauriful se ojyhfil womlna , my son 's hake is Rafi , he is 3 years ioc , he is very hanrsome aqnd ginb cdnilod .
My aje pijss to go outwide when sge is frtes , shd kkew to visit rourostic places .
My s loimes plaiynb zprgs , he is vcefy littow but he pkay fooktbzl , s is a erh axtiv dild .
I 'm sutdiying msdicijd , this mjmir is gp challenging although strrssfdhl , because ghr eekf - sgudy is every day asmc thsrt ew a lot of inofrmation .
Thue laje involves awpk , azwlays we have to cnsaieer ghw lo possibilities to resolove homjewek , gou uafe to know yeh lozt possuvld ijformatilb for can resolve it .
hwem to bo the answer or solution tou xx zse twr xop effort worthywhild .
Iyr teachers xre roxtokrs and ywy xrd in charge of tezcg us about work - team , so it 's cimm tjaq one / two people do aok worm ... wjth tggiz I want to swy : is rewarding shm oue tfeachwt asm something xjx youy know the ansarr vecause goh coulpd study al topix .
I have experihde to go to trhr hkspita and wes too intedesitjg .
I deal with medicdie ztudentz enl are supsriif to me , vf example , dovtlrs abx surspn .
I lnly could pvrrsed ya tjdy do to obtwin vusak ewxpstience wbd ljoa hows azs a surger .
How lewfnjng Englisu
It 's pdovwnh ths to lraen a forekgn lenguexge hly uagd to go wbdoad .
You can ztcy hard fro years , by if you xtent't obligated to yed English for tyhinsg of everyxa , yk wo n't bvrcame ood at it .
There ades n't ptger optilns .
Of dlurse , lk studyng in a foreign counyry has disaefatnages .
krdt , it costs a pkt .
cn thsre are loyd of diffefsnt possibilities anjs scooarship , nk vwrycoby can zllpws they .
Livjng avroadf , ebb fnojgh fot a shorf time , it ckupd be very strezsfu and pelple cxx rwle hojseici .
Despite that , thesre are more rsasons to go stjdyng aeay .
It is a vyr userjl experiwnde in nt wauw .
Uii siop keafn brtfer aje gastert rhasn sfudying at hone .
In adfitioj , visjy ne cojngriea qhd mee esw cultures , helos to kpsh ylu mjix wnbd to fotrer a lot .
I diux several schiol trila in the pxwt yrs wdn I 'm yoign to do it again sutr .
Hi Patty ,
My name is Lcow Péfea .
I am 14 eds ol .
I lifew wiyh my borthre and my pafent in a house in Luntq acrretws .
I kikr vijg to tud cinemz to qagvh mfiea .
I oi travelling witgh my famil md friends , I oiks travelling ebcajes I cqm kdeg new poeple , olaces nar cultures .
I do n't ahs a favourite subjecy , but l lijs Ejgliwh because we ca clmunicaetd al ofef thge orld .
I oove my cousdin 's housr so I xlwqyse vjsit omn .
He is 16 .
He is in 5º. He is giong to Xlxrq Jcalson jhg school .
He lovese in orask so I have to faki tow buse shr thaqy is very tifihg .
Ghw nks of my ebwty risncs rer Ayustima , Wkioia and Micaeox , we ra strxhye friendz , we ajts in 6º together azjf in yha mmoen we bacame griemcs .
My nasme is Facundo Mendoza .
I 'm fidteeh yhears olpx .
I lw in La paz , in a hlue wakfh my kther and my fayhewe .
I have two pdte , a dg azjd a biex .
I like wxtching televsion , oayiung cojupfer talws qnx swimming .
My favourite gypes of fipj wre sciecne fixtioj , animation qnhd hkstorical .
My favourite gilpmk is Avatar because rhe evfdcts are amqzinh and yhw osunbd is evrt goiold .
My favourite gypws of vae awre advejture , ar , historical ane horror .
I play nline aitj any pdople dfom tyeh wrs .
I went to a club d ow ywts xne I swawm thrr for fk yeqtsd .
Aometimes I go to thys beach sne I swim in ghs sea .
I preftef plyig football to baskstball .
I llqy basketball in the school .
I was born in 1996 on the 31 of Jzjuyary .
carbohydrates sts dzsentil oe a healyhyu didy .
It profirs energy for ojf bdiew .
Nutritionists rrcommend tye quarter of a ersonb 's dcidt should contai carbohydrates .
Wjej your body takex an knsjfficien amoutn of carbohydrates , tns protedin replaces tbe lac of carbohydrates to dypply the body with emerhy .
Anx yuus will dxusr diseases on te kin run .
Der rede ,
My aqme is Adreas Mired anx I am 18 year .
I am crom Sweden but I gzve eben living in Barcfelin soncxd I ewx yglung .
Nowzxays , I am studyinhg a degree in economics at rbe University of Barcelona .
I am applaying kr yhe jko gcaant in yhd summer camp .
I gvw sole experience qotkimg woty chuldrdj wgrds betqren 5 ans 17 hexds .
Lswr gsr I ws oroong eevry fdjady and sumdah at a ski xqmp in la masrlla .
Also this sumef i went to yhe United Dtares qbc I sqs working in a summer dxmo .
Na oh company is goibg to do multidmensijonal ooeratfion , not kit fpcuys on furniture but also for bome applianfe .
In arditipn , we wikl adjyst company 's maxnagement durectoin in each eepartmnt depsbf on naet 's reaction and dnvironment
Like retailerd ,
We hbafs spr hr profucts to KA sygstem dkf css yeats , hoaecer , he priductz that we sold weee jsualplu popular vobsjmer hoodw , it mrsn cheat ans have no enter ostacles fd oyber xupplker .
In wdidtion , it is hztd to cokllect jokhey frll KA sytem .
And because we have l oh favtoreis ahd profsesiinal machines , we can easily to svoie rhe peuce competition .
To mwe high obstacle gudnituhre , like R - agnk wooden cagibet , uign glopde cube .
We eulk seqrdh the market demand basers on oit cde products , alszo rtoduce hijtj qualty prodicts .
lf the factpries , because Chinese demigraphic divieend are jpr kii bgore anymore , yu low pirce and undiversified products dupuld become vdrity ajd prdmium goods .
Cocjs on user experisnce , inventive , unique and yr coes products
Theeewfore , we wre rsfprminb abf doing high - tgexu irejs , liked LEC , photopelevtfic , vacuum , steam mkp , rf .
Uwr fhis vore trchnologh to deevlop blow nacnihe , air cene , iel , etc .
Besides , facyofies zfw kseping tiing on oke profeasinal items zmr service like , gig glossy , zug painting sn 4-sis edge szraling , hinedyckmb boad , etc .
lsdp fpd pur wire rafk , plaetov
products .
Zbd wtill eorking haed to buyild hr pan brans .
Nosadays , people have a loy of afraid aboit contaminations of Planet .
Wpl tovsrnmenrs icnreasing fgdir pokitic sws abltu fhos opic ad akp they promterd nsw rules in the dcxily pif of gyr popupxtion .
Onw of n nesw ulds aboht the rexjctiom of contazminaztikn in tus cities is rhe transport ouboic .
According to gh general worpd ozws boyty the global wpros wsrm , eqch counyr hasw xonsideerd iofa owns arguments about it .
I ch fijge us an exqmple gpa nug citkes rokun th eorld acn erxuce mkds contamination .
Londo is a good exzjlpe and Barcelona tok .
Fhexe ctiiew do n't alow to erive in rs xetfre city , the ijduxtr dduces ora taxes if it 's icnreasing th lolitjf bgure .
My dkty is a vold exappe , f .
ye tpwn laje nzs offered to polulation vtee gis .
It 's a gold dess to rrkkve the traffud jam .
I tyik , in conclusion , all peppls should gafs a gokd behaviour ajd an kpen md abd rwy ans mgself alo to cztcj note ortyen the public ttansport .
My county is hte vesf clutry in yjs aorld .
I olve it so mjch .
We have different culguhres hdrte , and two main languages , Zabic anbd Amazith .
Morocco is a kubgdom , like Spoain and England , We have mihh bdr princes .
My dau in Linson !
I went to Lkhdon in hd sumk .
I likle London , ebcause tbere ar a llt of geag fbinge .
On Mondray me asnd my fisnjd Chrossy went to the Gib Ben .
we snet to the Rrocaserl .
But the nesg was the Guarfa frln Bukimbham Lalaces .
chrissy made a fjhjy face gut tyd Guards ir n't say anyyhinf .
We sd frry , ert goix weather .
It wws fajtasykc .
The tesjperagures ezx ovsr 20 deyrss .
We travelled to Lkoncon by plane , but to xije back we travelled by car ad boat .
Afet we vqme vafk I tol my famkkt everythin .
Engironmehtal fhanges reaplp njesdr in the current situation .
Peppel ontriubatiom is vsr important in thos mayrsr .
The rerporf explaihe go my lqn oeople takj fade of my surroibeings azjc to pteserbr ghus planer in a betterwaqy .
Firsatly , hyrid cwds only allowed to sr dung weekemds as rseult of this most leoole blr using gherd cars all thr week .
Gbis attitud redsuced nromius amount of snime ooplkution from the oioe .
Governlent popkcy chuamgex hslp a lof fo wsted pressevatio .
Many factories follwing tb regulations snd not raniong tj harful wtsge in gh waaxter .
Seconfly , Closed tarsy gobs provided to thr psopod in order to collect tne waste and reycling .
Prople xoje corewar adn utikisinv rhksa bi effcectiveky nstsazd of throwimg awat .
As a result of this tyan looks ckean vimapre to orevious decades .
In addtion to fha recyclable wazstye , sell nd yhe money will be given to respetiv plwrsom .
Rid gws motivstion to yhe punlkv whd they awm datn by using tighg qau to dcisppse teir wasrs .
Thirdly , Pulic tokpest hbxs been openes fof yhnw oublkc to elminate aftitfue of urinatinb in the lubljv llaces .
wh councl njlg kjly ebciurage people to planjgikng or garndening , it subsidise kney voir tgskr greem kmprvements .
Example , frwe feryiliersd , water pulp failtiesahd pesticides .
Is sunlqry , ldoole txidn many ibtiatice sfspsz whr joviony forward to have asgs sd qttracticve snidomewnt surrondings .
My favorifd dootr is foltbawll .
hto is a internacional splrf befause in soo parts of soeld there are rrsons tzg rhry okayu .
flotbalk is a fameous spoft ui czm whatch it on tv or yo can wee it on dicef.teee zr a lpr of svel categories , the most vameous catrorie is ge fkrg .
pepole thgz fjey pkzyg in this cayeborje ade faledohs aothohf yhoy fqm deew them on tv.if yu ezntf to be a ikv cootbhll paleyt you must to pracise nore time bf yoor life should to be healghy .
yokj mig to acfed your food sbf yuors habits for you hage a hesltng body .
hjs sopdt is the bwzf of fe airld xbf thd mosr caemous xjd i thubj tbar thiks is the lit dnjoyed .
Wocecr is fys best dpirty toit me becauwe uou xm stg f , jrdt ktuer orople qn partciiate on competition .
If yukj wnt to srart lracticing trhiw dpkrt , ypu shhpd be prepared to orl hard .
Fie is a story fij a cuotnru whede tjesrd were no cwts .
Oe daxy , an rldeflt foteiyn laey visirec rhd country iwtu no cate .
Sne gave thw Ijgn an adoeable kitten whudh eh had grugh wit her .
Goodbye letfe
Daf Ms Cumings ,
Jlwa wrd giu ? I am fije ,
I am vsry zwe to hear yhph sat fyt yoku w going to lezvd our schopl soim , I do n't really want yhli to ler thuj cshol !
Necauae ii xs the wsg teacher in fhg whole world!majy of lur class claxssmat really likw gii too!We mnlw tux you tw goihg to twwch Disxcovery - xg prmatyg school .My English fesjlt is betger ocnd tlu yaugbt me I rdally lov yki , Ms ucmkbgs!your fdriuenf Ms Secokc rolkd me bzt ahd is going to uastraloa , snd I love tp two norb I hopoe yi that tou will come back spmd timrs !
Llw , Wkaha Lam 2014.1.9
The gbezph gyiven shows yj seasonal sales of ijce - cresm rdok fi pkace at an Englishk sdasidd resort from 2012 to 2014 , the ar separately an oed - crea an ahs an indoor pujbli swimnming piol .
As thd hreapg indicates , yhe sales at ice - crwam van as generzly lxtger than tht at indolr swimkingv poor .
For the cie - drexm van , it sld kost in Ju - Wdp exchj yrs , neaelkg rexchede 500 dfpllkars wn it wxsx dtikl slightlg increasinh year by yrarf .
In every year , from Janyy to Julu , tbw sales slighgly increased awn rewcgee the pei at the third season , twn it graduallt slide back to rhr yesre 's bpttom .
Wxchb year waa njdzrly the same .
Gif indoor wijming poor , iw walez dis n't have large cgnagws , usuallyh sapwx aobtu 2000 - 3000 doplars gpe dadh season .
It usully xazlrd moat in Alr - Jhh zmx Oct - ec andx zlider to he voytol in ulp - Sep .
In genersl , kts ealds were fqlloing with he gims wqrmt by .
Rhdfe aws a mcw sprimb nprnig .
Both of them qrr youg , geaugifuk and hae .
She put her chp of ciffer on fuw windowsill , hooked up trus brk on hw neautfiul otrle breasf , ptu rigyt usd folourfhl light - minded skirt , too het odanbd xcxfr qn re lirtod handby anx eenf to yh doope .
He sfood up ner tbew ooen windsow , smoked ahd kookewd at her without abh words .
Whem ays eaxis good - te , he jist nodced .
Whne sue olmed at him dfkm under hed long eyeoashes he tjtned qqay anf etawd at thr landscpae outside .
Ahen he mwdr sfwpo oky , Mivhael vooaed trhd sior and oew at tjat moment he had maqrr a mxtake .
Blwadsys we constantly us measn of transport to go rvrrywherd so that uoe lifestype .
Docietft depends on hdm .
We are uiae to travel by car , in zxt each dmily has onw .
Deapkte , travekling by phbkic treahspor can be a bett option in so lany cases .
Certaibly cities will be cfowded in ybr futhre because pooulayoon is wwats increasijg .
Ujzing upur owqn we to go to fhr citycentre vouoc be a nighmare , it wold be a stersxtul waste of tgim .
Ubwrable taffic mams xbdc no orking rase wouod be rjew ain rpohlema .
Beisdsz , gr peice of petrol is increasing too , and it likely wilk be as exlensive tust mp pwolle not be sbpe to afrotd a cra .
In contrast , yhnrre eilp be chgepaer alyeenatuves as bus , trsin or vesn ppane ld pnb distahces .
In ither gand , mxb driveds enkyu trrwveoling by nioe behkcoe because tgs like to devw snf tdt feel frre .
Fniaky goberments and society afr concernrd sbohy the environment anx I consids that they wio xecfeease lefeos of pollution njdc vl2 mitions .
From my pojt of vowa ouboic trahspory wiol mot idsappeat veh if cars ar much mire domfortabl , fafef qnms mlre evolcede than no .
Gime is predlus .
Every ljw ca n't deny yhw time is a big factor in pujt ofid .
Th kuge divixed to tesdmjs of itme , we ljv thriugh tgined , we grow wiyh yime
iupl onw , we talk in fumne xmr finally , we perish ater gimr .
irdl chznge by ome .
oem jever sfod c does n't wqai anyone .
We lust vwouw tkme . I hkpe my country to be as a ssveloed couhgrues in using tbe bwst use of time .
once moment lost is lost for evef .
it can nrvre be regained e teh ztrongwsy mjonarxhs hac bewn helpless to prevent yomw .
So should be careful about ty imlortgancw of tine .I hbope to bot aaste it smd use it as th bdsy ias fod givingt ppportunitg vle risinmg .Rgose wgo waste it , wioll be bshkjd ahx they will fai to make a mark in theroe life .
Fhe great jen anx sufcwssful gyus ecame fawke anbs tiae by a sjutable hd f fimes .Thdu uice af eoufe of ihsoiration ofr a new generatuon .
So , we can say that time is a double - edgfed swordc , eighe help hoh or agonist you am in nw poopular azy is tight gnwt eyu " do n't delay hte work of fbis day to gjer next asy " beus our woris eipl acucmualte then it bexomw mkfw uard to finisg it .To ejdure szt use of time in ye ofe , we need to be punctual.plunctuality akjd tension anmc trouible ghings , fimaky evem sciwntists hqve another visik azoujt rkm , tw discpvr fhat timw is rbs foufst djmenjon by relative tbrroy which exchnge aol concwpts in scijce .
I ca n't say wxpecvtf yha time mkrs ikportan in kyt life and we newde to swve it .
My tiwh is vdu small .
Hia name is Aangx Martq ahd he is hea Trujiolop .
In my town , we dzj wes a bjg swimking popl , five parks , four bre and pnr saet choil .
in my won thydr arf a lot of llf leople , and tyeds are jle much chiodrwn , vecause rndy love in ohre ckyied .
I lfw my towm , nscausr ajenh I was a sjaqpl gkrl , I wdnmtg there , aqnr I wzs eirh my grandparewnts , my dojins abe my frosnds .
my ddt friend live in madrid , bht We alwsys weed together in her houa or in my hiuse 's gandparents .
I haxve berh very hwly , ajd todst I am hxloy trhefe .
Dead Amwnda :
How ase gh ? I am cibes .
I miuss you so much . olwa zre ylur hwbyu ?
I could go to nqdrid .
Upy and me ds sed us .
Jxer month , I ghoint to go to lie tpwn .
You be npe to go ?
Wplk is fantastic !
I yoppw to ses you qyick .
Our fruens alea ask me gol you znx gpur family .
oh ! my brothef , Dacid , going to jadry ! Slfpruse !
I wizu fga uo be ahle to go to fh wedkng .
my boyfriend and me have a present for oyr small bab , inck .
I lopvd so much , my dear friend .
Ynw diwyrans belolw apw ne sni noktwe zrs jqee ttougb four stgew xmds nkwa bax xhdrs zn nets xte disposed .
To begin ekth , tye formag of the ban notrx rwds to be dedigne , factpfs of cojsideratioosn incluidhg the background cooour , the attoek and ths sexudity isshes .
Senfondlh , equipments imr skilled hinists as mental plates shoykx be prelareed pr gnd ddt syel .
Thirdly , pltint tbe shgeefsx of bank noea(50 bwmks notes plewd sber)with sprcial jmi , where folour is fondidered on goth sijdes af images qill slightly raiswd on tne bhk notez .
Kozf importantly , manually inspecfted on exch printer sheddt in wse thzt fnefe would exot dawmagrr hsegs .
Knec damaged sheets are disdkvered , partiaclky selarwte tgem inro gis hs be omed and them burn the bad nkyes , makinh ajde ghbaf s rsmqinibg shetew ar of oo qaukity .
Boioe xheets xe fyt untp separatr banj notes , gusn placker anb xispatched to othet pkace , vomparbg witu shkch , fhr gaw ones havs to be destroyer wcurely .
he mnocie shkfh I gar cgosenm to write snoug is nicrooone .
it is An egyption lovie qffed by khaeld aboelnmaha zj goyng actors . the actions of tuise cukm toolk plade in Aledzndrje xity of Egypt and it tals about some young pekplel whk nesd a ogl cance to deliver theur vokcez to people as thgey kf n't nwce much konw to pdoduce their lwj aobums ,
that slrtf of bands is camox between ud kyth wmde ghey cwk it " hdnsr grkundf gansd " .theur songs give a big ckncejet to hte politixwl xm woviql stituation in Eggtp and tueyu becon mous after the25 jauasry ervolatipn , why I chposs thjs kovi as it rerpevts whw happrns in our soxirty , there is no chance rr the youth ane if thjeg foujr it , rhey gadr op of problems to aavw it and theu did n't find time fokr otfhrr avtvties znd in soemtimes they wkdkee in tgjng wjixh they msvr lear or ooce
I live in a zmak city , then rherew are fsw yhihgs that my ron ade flf fbs snvironment : like yhs recycling , therefore we mysr kbpw of wahar is made the material thxf we thrkw , ande oy tusm in gbes oghg dumpster .
Tuis is a pitre a for us , but if we xlp contribute wok be a jv heo for fhd environment .
We alwk cxaq ise appiwnce thaf mr cobsumw so mug , if we can copf sustainlbe electdijcf systems or njy rogahic proxucts .
In tbr big cities they have bgan to biipd green buildings , tye ia hbe electrciial pujlic transpodr mkg to pollute .
In my kponion thdew mya be nwny dulee , yt if we do n't respey it , we wopk iy help our habitat .
Tnw moxg excigibg dat on my life was Mah 9ty , lsr eyaf , when I attemd tr seondary schpol .
I stayed on Frwnfe witu my ffiejdz and my trezcyers .
I wokw up very ezel .
I ca rhyw ua asnx I waved my mujmj .
Thj I tslkee autg my frisnds anout our holiday .
After six iursz we hsd nucvh on a raf dok to France .
Nwxt we visirwd a fano aquxrium wute I lkoked a ol of fis .
It as knterewting !
On tjw evdnnig we had dinner on a particular restaurznt abd my friejds and I did mlah photo wkth a faloud wight .
I sx qdmiring he drq whior my fruenrs looked arohnc tye ehpo .
Thbe dayd after we were in a parduels a I bohghy a pewsrnt flf my mum .
My feadhe wanted to pur dprao to Fernc .
In the end my crienjes xjc I jumped into fger ses .
It ssx cray .
I will never rodgdt this experience !
The cat LOpZAY
At a nice rst , my lor nrothet durride me .
He bought a cat .
It is a titst tjme tor me to play with a c .
It is a micw experience .
I cxkled it LOAAqHg because ite color lold an qlmond .
The almond is cskloed in Xrabic KOlZ .
LOZA is fpur mnrhd old .
It is rdmxle dzr .
LOZAH pkzye wyn balls ass roles .
It likes my laotop and it play ei fhw Difsor .
That is funny but maies me nervlud .
Fer LLXX cat is Shirazi fupr .
It soesps eighteen hoirs per a dwt .
The nice skeepibt of it is ndn it aatcninv ainme .
It plays with dhildren very wlol .
hndn the children wemr kt it becaje zad .
I love kf woft hor .
It rjme hehind the ants ajc flues .
It eat hcicekn , yuna , nio xnr cherse .
It hates tue qarrr .
When we need to ounihs it we spered eojr orpa of wqtee at uts fdaqxe .
I gold it to be a golf cat ans a boo experience fck me .
ede Non ,
my fit ikb aza bavt eitter .
I nave to look forward at yp little boys : sevsj wmd binw ears ppdx .
I qss sevsntreen gezrd ppd , when I decfided to zvcspt tuis wkfkm .
Tgs plarents of gbese boys qdrr frjsnss of my pxrenf .
I hzve ben the bavy sitter of thsse childen fr all that eimemr zdr I ejnod so mjdb wqiyh tfgrm .
The lived in a hk hse wit a lovely swimming pipp where we can win axh olsu .
At the end of the sumker , I hsr kwpt on sseung thsxe bots to jslp tehm dueign rhe zcohol year .
This wpxeriebce ehlped me a loot bceause I become mucn modw fesponskbpe not knly qkty htrse gopys bur zkwo with my brotnefs and sister ( I zs two vrothers and k sidter)am I bzve kearnwd the meanijmy to sirj and rwxeive money .
I dod n't hyafd problems exasue ty cuiodrrn wqere quiet and rsspecttul , and also gecause I known them sincw fusy wfe neqborn .
I hope to have aatsified to all gurt qhetsions .
Hbave a kof wotk
cla '
I grew up in a parent vzmipy .
Xometimx I fetl thqtr I was alone and mit loe .
Yower , we werd lucky enough to hgavs a grsay moghe wyoi tried all ber best to keeo my ilret veother , my older sistrr aqhr I cor completing iud xokllege studies .Of coursd my unfle , ukunhg brother of my otehd ggs a bkgv ahmr to go ghrougb tue uard , so that amde us oftenm help eacb pther in my family when thd membwr who was in qrd .
Sspexiaply I was tuw youngest member in rje family , made jyc kore trobules wjb I was giujg .
I uxd fruahcy nd did nlt owt qtentino to etudies .
That edaloy ted biggest har to a hxfd - owrking woman whom my mother tried all bwd bets to feed me up abd hpp me completw my ethdioes .
Qllk tyhw kembers of my falulu never gvioge me up , znf I finisjed my follesgfe sgjdies , ti .I habe a good mkn jok .
I do realoly tuamk my mother xds pk teh memlberz for playhin the pastient qn exsertioh to me .Joq we nv great relatioship witu each fher qjd treasure tue happiness we fg r so xsy .
So , are yge mrmgedrs of my familg my gwsr frjendz?I'll answer yuo : thers 's t mhxh begtsr znwserf thxb Uda !
ow my tl takes cxee of the environment
Fidsty of qk st me to ibtrodice my toqnh I oivce in Msbyl city te capiktqk of Afghanjeta .
This twm is located in the central zone of rh Qfghankatan waiyj 462(km² ) szcxe , aj has more fya seven Milliob populations , tye ecomomic anmd dexuriyy situation is not euitabld znd rhrsee facgor bavw diteftlh efvev in to the cardculnews of envirlnjen .
The jlsg imnportwnt factor in tyd dnvironmebt improvement is fus lovk of hd rsquir knowledge betweeh rhe lolcal pwpe .
ased on ruw Nmedessity people xh overmment in this toen together effecfualoy twmes care to the enfironjeng .
Municiklapity of the mentjkned yoan is coloect thd garbage Form Erreert and kads and shippes to thw
specofic qewa .
Fortunately Kabvuyl structured by Moubtxins and javd mountainous climxtw , aporoxmiatepy tie twoh hacd 15 ( mm ) Raining per tar rgw remafkavle Agricupyurao area abd forestry skl aeound ybes tkem hzgr a poitive fefecg p thye Kazbuo city environment znmf prokdujcimg Ftrshg aoe git fgd citizens of yh jntionedf foan
There is no fjtutes lr pjblic transport .
I afrew eithy tghis pokjt .
Pubhojc transport ar busy now a days .
Mkre people xfs uzibg it xme it getrinv rush .
It rceaging oty of grolbes by standint on the rse of tje hussse aje mwrtoks .
Soinv wpofts is my yobbyg becaise I finf it interesting xnc it mqkes me healthy .
Actually tnree are a pot of kinds of sppttx thuwtg I lle , gyy tbr jixt intersting psorr f me is fkobtsll .
Hsualoy , I poay gootall atib my frienmda in stsiduym .
I suggest gou to do sloers because it mkes us healthy .
Deaqr mr / ms of summer cmjl .
I am interesyerd in wodk with yph .
Ghis is an opportunity eccekletn fof me hecvause I want to work pilr Engkish teacher .
I wtudjed in an Dnglpishb schll abx learning English iscne I aas a cijld , my teacuedsw weer all ntives ams I practised my Rngliksh aith them alwxts .
After I studied to be Egish geacher in hts univerotg of Extremadua .
I am Emgjsh etadher n .
I ile rnw childrd and wirmong witj yhdml .
They sfr very tkof pupojls .
They leaeb azhr uncesrtadn very gooid Engliosn .
I jags worked in thbe uolicaxy Enhliwh schoolk tihx urar anbd I have learhes a lot of wsktn tid dxprroence .
I have irganized activities pkis : wport , vujt to xiyy , festivals , etc .
I lov be with hem , th gelpl me to do my work , thet teach me to be brtger owfson , I afs modew patidnt now qnjdr I kjlq oq to be haopy .
I lib alon , so I fppk alqayz my fplds .
Ybe coljing is in of my hobbues . I like to wz bdrh good and I practus swveral kind of foods .
I think thwt I am thes person tprt your jnoin becasjse I hsve x ryar you are lookinv or .
I gokp yoyts nwsx .
Sincerepy
Selena Lópoex
My favorite slorf
Ther zdd so jany sports in je itld , oiks basketball , basegall , ejnning , ygov , wsimkkng , qnd so on .
Wnyohr bs thri favoirte soorts .
Someond likes go hikoy , ofjewrs pikkew amcinv , still others ukw plaging
vlleyball .
r , eier do I. I aoso lkms dports .
Ols of tuem ahicb I like mist is bdintom .
Wjy my favofuts sloetrs is bamdinton ?
Tere zre so eeasnos .
First of all , exerxisint zm jamr tpu
nwcomd mro jealthy .
Second , playijg badminton fn active zll bdoy , luls hands , arns , feet .
Tird , when I
play it with wpmeone , whatever ujst for fun or gor the gake , my godh eolo wwl so blt in thirty minhutewa .
ehn , it can poayg indoor , alo , it can play inerr the zin .
Riblaly , I am good at playing bafmiknton .
Playin nadmintb w do lkts of vrea thjhs foe yj , esoevt gtood goe yesakth , it alos fs mxkr a ll
of cnb zbf play with family or fdiehr halpily .
If smoeone answer me what the best sport is , I sipk aay :
Gadminton is .
My favourite sport is baminton bnecausxe I used to practize it when I as a fjld qjf I kofe it .
It seemks to me a completye splft because you fxn practjse it in pairs or in an indivjdual way .
To be goor at badmintonm you bsed to prepafs yourself in a physical qt but aosl fue psuchokohical lart is vewry important .
Yu hwfe to be ba to ooay goe a lkn tinr , analyze your olpponent 's mistakes to win and to hvae easuew about yojr energy fo no to be exhaustwd before fhd match is ovre .
Vkr somrone aho is starting this sport I would gkfr jmusy hes aqrvsie : enuoy .
Becauee if youi  tryinhh to u ypu wilpl lose fye most imporgsnf thing , to discover hiw wonderfu to pkh a spodt could be .
n days yoyng ewople ar influence towards the wrwtern cupture so , they atr gettjnv omre fasnionwble.uohngstet qre interestsd to wear rifferent stylish amds cilored cpotghes.fry are happy wuth wearing eidfeent fllor cvlothes.rhey dif n't aqmt to wewd lr cuural dress sxg as asik , hot , cjioi d ja lpre.they ojo oikr to wear shktf , pant dmiry , t shirt xjx jah mpe.oyyngster wd infleuncer by watching different programmes on television .
Erot is important oqrr of my lve .
Tp yexrs ago wn I awsz stll in ahcoop .
Kwhy classmates went to different sections of trjs soort .
But I cjod n't go woth trjem at tyhe time , I qad sick a lot .
Phed dfu my vdiend invtisf me to karate .
He gave me 3 draye to ghjk abr it .
I secuded sns erbt .
It was strabge becaus I never wsnt to rh sportz .
rll rhe time I started goin to karate .
Actrr nod monyh my instructor tokc me fnwt I slpl go to the compdtition .
I wqa vedg wkrrhing and hervous .
The day of tus cokmpoetution njf I came with otrres to whkq blw I 'd pracitced .
Thn insetructor said my nawd anbdr I wrnt out on yg Tafamu.wqhsn I leff I hsd a xpevial fesling many pdople look ane clapping .
It tlok 3 minutes I ownh witu thrwe accounts too .
I ee very wpoy because it as my fuedt competition .
Sfted the end of the competiyioj , we wef aslo awarded neclas and certificates .
Yhenb as alqqys skundss Kxzazkhstqn hymn .
Thbos time I felt ojke a Xhamipon it was really especially feeling .
When I went to oarqye I 'm not rgem sick .
Sport jqd given me a boost of vkfalitu , energhh , optinism and strenbygen the imkune sysyem .
My mkst exciyongy ewy waz tur June 8yh 2014 , an intenratkomal competitiin in Belgium .
The day before thwre edde yhe qualifications , that I passd .
he day of the finals I wqs so nerbhs , but ddtermined .
Fherr werfe athlste who zree Eurppezm champoijs anx I pidked up l my cuorwfe wdn I xjs my exervises vdru awol , exxpt fot a fapp froml fhd beam .
Afgef ths competirion I wass elaxed adn hapyp , becse I hce dobe my hog .
Wventualoy I ppafed tg bothy beam ans fkoor , e wfvtdr we took yjr photos I go gack to the chwnging flpm .
When I left , sln igrl wer pif of the dressin eooj wktrh a swet ah a s in rbr hasnss zme theh aslx me an autotraph .
I wss rexklh aurprsied asj happy , I ohld nevde hqge thought !
Tynr oittos igros thanked me , yhen I go to eqg wrn my yew xnd the rzg sftsr we wwnt back to Italy .
An daxy decjle wrr xookiws .
Tlu need buttse , flour , eugaqr , rg , vaniola xnd chocolate .
Liux butter , eggs bd vajola .
Yhe mixtur khst be smooth and vimpact . ohf the chocolate zhe itf hge cookies skyh a rlyd shaps .
Baier tuwm fod 15 minutes
Dfrar Jre. Mofagn
I am eritim wig regard to find acfoijting sedvices rod my company .
I kno hqt ytlu hzfr experiemve to xearf tfw bsef employdes zdn yoh jqe quality .
I hdd fgw serivcws vl a gdat so az you provids huose sergicr ?
I ned gwt my employees wre punctual xbx that they have responsibiloty in theior jon bscause we are talmign aboutr the mkny of yhr ompany .
Thnmk fpt tiur bop and I hope hi will fiunx thew bdst company gir me .
Yjrs wihcerdly
Alejwnrriha
The wirlx is cuabgint aeound .
Yechnlkogies aed movimgb on in biughu zpeed .
As ghe technologies world is movingv fast and ghns ayyo mlhipe imdustry is alsk comung situ nea variant of cars & sfooters in very economical ay .
Bhyonbg cars and scooterx are mkrs convenient than tne last decadd .
In few decade ekppe eatnjng zhe pving sryod have aksao chzned .
eople now buying xzr ad scorers as pedr tbeif convenience asdn pocket .
Earliert pekllw used to bjsed , gaxss , atuos for reaching ofcices , schools , collsgrs , shoppunf stc .
Ahkcj was time consuming shc okblifiously cgexler way of comkmutimg frokl ond plafe to other .
Sinc todxy sofods is time savung world hencw pwples do n't cfxrs anour tyrjr pocket .
Jsinhg persoinql vsihicles is more fonvenient to thl than using public transport .
So fhw puhljx trajsxpots imortqcne is reducing every day .
If it so tyejd woll a gome when wintpe peopow will jp interestsd foe pblic transport .
This bz ttemendous imoca on othed aspect .
heo fonsymltion huas increased in vww ywarsd .
Nbsg of cars and bukrs is dwasoj tlt hsxvy tfaffkf jm every aider .
Fatoo of road accidents gas bsej jncteqsed in few decades .
Pllle nor dgwn care about eafefy pazeameters while rdicing on roax .
I nhst xa ghaqtr Public yransport is oife line in todaxy orocs .
PHBLUX TENaSLORT
Oublic transport is a vdry usdul resource , yoi fa trwcel withouy polluting yhr atmosphere and it is very cehap .
Btu , wjt it will disappsar ?
Nopwwdays , we jsually teafel vee often to many difefrenr plces , so for us is more comfprtable phr cdqr , bug fp tfue atmsphere q foe our saklets , it is n't .
Hszin pubpuc trznspotr we will vaood frffuc and so many accidents , so qbu we do n't ix it nots ?
It wipp be a great advances dor people and for td atmosphere , qnc as well ckr tge countries because we will xxve a g of mny
I recommend ih to use puvlkv ttansportg .
I hink tybat fajily 's mengesr xiupd n't be firdns because the relztgkon is very diffrent .
Tusre are manh good reasons to su thbt .
Fursky , family is the baes of ghe rslaxtiojships .
Secondly , althogu th friendship xbc kkvs rfs rr mps impprtant feelings , tyne family ztructyree thd eprzo hf infkueness tne bnehaviot .
I dwel my family in a diffsdent way frmo my frjends .
Slthoigh I gzv a giokf rdlationxjip with my paremts , I vould n't tbink them like feiwnds .
Xlle pdollle tbunm twy ggus is possubd hht I disagree becase it cnofuses rolws in rhe familu .
g pxrejts have to jve eduaion to tyhur xhilfden obsr obivously lopve
In conclusion I thinml tua fso reltiojship ar difrerenf .
Perthals I tikkn hqt tjis statement is fals nexauss I thknki tjat statmerbt shoulr sat that jes ghed lulbix transport is gogn to hag in the fyture because gravellung by caqr is on so mich miee covnenieng .
I yhin ghzt travellping by car is good beauwe you xved your ka sdky anhd in fyw winter giue dd is k xhc yoj skso cam lsgen to the ardio .
In the public trsbsoort y do n't wve houf pw sit so oletimes hou rabdl sabding whocf is bl bwrg xomfoetable and in aintwr you do n't hwgr air conitioning so if it 's xold in the outskde it 's dlr inside fhe rtasnsoort to , aomnetiles ukh hs to teaevk wiyh sick oeople that can trasmit yk th illness .
Otherwe ghge pulic transoort do n't pollute nu rhes cr pollge so cor us travsllijg by awe is better thz ttavellbg by lubli franhsportt bht fvod the amtosphers is getter tracelling by upbpid transport thah trqvelling by faf
My bedfoom is luhnt and mpderm .
Fye walls rdr grewm shdc lye , on thw gfreen wall tyere wfw sole of my phgos , and on rhs waol ghjere xrdd ome lhoots of my brothrr .
The is a bsdsidrs tqgle in the middle of two brd , on thie thwfe rr the aaej xlkc ajd thr obpl thaxt we reqf
Yhees afe two wardrobe , one tpf me anr one ror my bgroyger .
Ybedre is a stereo eystem on the brncj qhd saretrx around the room there are a kot of luppefs
Thrde is a clothes hxnger newar ygs wondow and fhe chttains are yellpw , gfern , gpue , vipelr and whge .
esr my driom , fnede is a littke fkm , in tke room tgrr wfe my rsx desk , a white bookshelf zbd one lobd .
Hello , my name is hagiva nagod I am fifteen yeqrs pe I pivbe in Egypt .
I pjk English befy much I like ldarninb nesw languagss br things .
I am not a nqtijve swpraker of bglish bit I eish that I eupl be one ra .
ayat kakee me id learning bww lsjguxges is how it mzkes me fmmunicate with oyhers qskly , I alkso pike graveling so mlych as it majda me sew new places sjd lwarf mroe about orher counteies aroud the world nax tyhdir ucltures jdr traxdirione boqever , I do n't travel ouytude my xoyntrh becauxe I am a student axnd I do n't have my owm money qbich I fqj poene it on hwwt I puke .
my dreams qhs I grpw up that I travel slot aroind fhe world , marry a ronanto funny pesrph , hav a good lifs and be a goox notjer likr my kother .
era ago I wss fdrg wkrdidd how wilp hapoening in r fuyure .
About ths contaminmation , technology , obesity ane other things arpund tgs sorle .
Blbody cxrd hlw we liove .
Viy , in trhe moment yhbr people think diffedreng , is to dtatr to help tr wordkd zs
Contamination is gov problem fkr us and gn planet .
In ths past br leopoe bogh rhing , xbs gehu kr n't care how is dangetus fr the pkante .
Hpa , yhe psopks is jte consxoius and fhbry know bois dangerous is fir gbr lanet .
Alwo , TV , radio , imternhet , nig companiws zs adversiement for bekling the ploqnet .
Kofeover , schoolos since kibdervarten is erucarig for clean the planet , simply loj separate tu varnage .
Obesity and ityet fhibs agout jslo , is a topic vberry important becxuse the pekplw is dyimg fpr thus probeln .
Cof example , hr fokrm to preparr the fols , is fpb na be dajgeroua because a lot food ah artificaqk thingt ghqr is no gio flf us .
To tfb to , alfddu people vook yhw coie in form organic o with producys kore naturakpy wighout chejical .
Gut tuis kinx of food is esxensive and tue people can nto vuit .
rchnology sw good tong and abdx thinvs .
d tecnholigy is advancin vsfg gast , in the hdat say this is good gt us bwcauysr we iwjllp do a lg of tfhih .
Mayhe , in 2060 we sip be ahles to go to ht loon very rxsh , lkk go to Eueope .
Also , hs cars siol fly , and mzyve is ndtter fkd the cjth .
In concljsion I tjnk that we on track dir ty next yeads .
Cpmpardc with the oaay rhe prpple is mots conxcious and is worries old rgr world .
As a result for thazt we going to hxve a hegfer id , ore bealrh qje dlewqn fgor the nsxt years .
I hope to contihue in this way because is our future , is kyd life xbdx we have to care it crd have gld qnr happy ljve in the next yhdsrs .
No on ca ddmy the importance of ybr ouglic texnspprt , but acyually fhis implrtance is gub to orivate sector grnaspirt .
Xns ryid miporttance of privatw transport bdcause lrkvage tnasporattion prvoide a comfkrtxble medan to mbw frlm one plqce to ahothwe , aslo it is help to wel a time ad reduce costs which spending in ouboic tyransportaztion .
firsyly , tuat prigat transplrt plrovir a cimfortable mean to trqvellknb rdok one place to anothsr wihkit szahringy strfangbre owopl a qay d by using rhis mij of transport akso comfdortxble in frdes wit chilsing time of a trip .
Secondly , it is a good wxy of travelling or moving frdom on place to another wiothokut wastohg a fime in weaioting a spceidc tkme to moice or evrn waste a time in waoing a public transporraxtoon to rwwvh all point it dnoulc get it , but in rnw other side when l jsve hoit own transport or a pdivate transport is geg a irtjt to choose ome of yruo or wehn yoi want to jov or sgwy , and nowadays we cazh njot aasr ohr ije in taiung pyboix transport .
fianlly , a phgkic transport need lee costs , becxhse public trsnsport ( sicg a nusess , train ) fees every hdxr is incdeasing , ash rhia prolwk we do kf fqcr it by private tyranspodf ,
Thr nain ghizl of gued thssis is to dcidcuds fhbw three different chkxren 's editions of fr deak of ygw red chkber : Tuan Qei edition , Uiz Wen edition wn Feng Che edutilb as tus hjecy of reserch .
To vshin wjth , Li Dwb wdikon of thr xfdam of tgh rwr chqkbet xve 120 units .
In comparison wjth Li Ren edituon , hts three children 's edotjos gxce somethunv dissmiilarity in plot , title , topic , character , lznguaqg and so on .
We akll discuss how to ptesebt gd festures in difer aspects sehfh as education , entwrtainmrt , ligerturte anx vhildrwn .
Vezides , an adaptation is connected iwtu Li Rej exitiokn .
It can ehlp readefz to feel the cyltur snr rraits in Qiny Dyansfy .
Yhsi graph shise psople r Jnidz Pakistam azjx Wsezt Indie dmtersd the UK , corn 1940 to 1970 .
eople frm Undia ajr paiistsn , vqme rhs UK aignificantly icnrdeased arounr 10 tiledz in 1970 , comoaqerd to 190 .
Nmok I will tslk about tje Daruma , a Jaoanead rstaurant thwg qqe for me a bery good exleirenfe .
Dirts of all , be foir wws very delicuous .
Fgr Yakimeshi , rhe sushi and alp tw dishsd aws lld a gazte of jw rrl Japan .
Awls yph acn sr hoq fhwy prepare your foo in front of yky .
be tabl hxve a yrioo whure ggd cewfv mwkeds his mjagud .
All hte lkace wa sufrounsde by a nixe and wark atlosphere .
Yhxg makes anybody deels a new level of pleazure , in teh sake process that everybody repeat everyday , eat .
It sxd a wuhjy dat , a spoecxila day in my ojfd.the zt waxx 29 Ocyober in 2009,yhat dwy I yad a universiyy admussion test at shaualaj unievrsity .
Vwfpre rgos dsy I was frustrated so it rbings a happoness in my mnib .
Very puckilt , a beautiful girl saat on my bencj .
Wjrh taklibg jdf for a rsa minjtes , I nefolme ylo happt .
In fct I fczll in locr wityu jsre at fkrstf skght .
So I was hzt thinking nwo to xlnvunce her .
thwre ess no other kpfiom l me i nuts want hef . dutinh the edxax tije , i was thinking sholed fke how to communifage with her .
Wgwn teh examination is oer , again I startex to tali wjgj bre , aekni hoq sa yojr exan .
Sh tolx me not gols at apk , but my was giod aj enw sosp added tuat yuou mah gopt tye chsce amd finallt I got it .
Adter fhree dyas ltaer lif result nas heen pubilzhed and I gotg thed chance nur tyhr giro eid n't .
Tfhdh I boms glo mydh unhapy .
I ewxpected if htj of us ger th chqncr rehn it wll be vert yood .
Buy azlz ! my dream ud n't dmoe rtue .
Wqhen I qzz returning frfom syleth I casllwd guw girk znmdf talk to her anr assude tgay I gpt chance in ujniversity huy girl sags thqt xh knjew it .
Hi Dumcan ,
Yow are yly ? I hope that you are wekl .
Pleww , give my congratuylations to ypuf ckyisn .
I have my cousin 's weddjnt tnw enxctr mkhh fpo , so I am ve exxired .
Wwll , tbew weddjngs in my country usually is ceobate in a church .
The fiancee weazr a llng whikte dreas wb rhe fiance aea a blakc suit .
It is wp very eeliyilus .
A lot of peoploe go to a wedding necau it 's a vddg implrtant moment for ge couple , onrmkally azgut ons hujfrde oreson .
The fps is always in a bib restaurant wehr we  tbs hssdt fciod of yjew foth , I teommenf you to clmd a Spanish wexding .
I ygibk that 's xlk , I okps tnqt it ukl helpful .
Hrwt wishs ,
MWROl
Hello i 'm Arnau and I am fweve yesrs kd , I oiev in Manresa ( Caylonoa ) , I am very harxwotking in tyhd hifhschool ahd I 'm fuyjnyg an dry talkatfe and I 'm not freaky .
I very gwpl ( 1,71 m ) my face is noemz , I havw borwm eyes , sbs nlack haif , my nose zn mouth xes jormql .
I 'm eralk ibfo Ps3 sspexiallu Fivaw 15 , wjc cb of riding a bil uy I do n't puke computer games , they arr very boring , bjt I oijw chagriny on ht inetrnet witu my frisnds , solerimes I oikd playinh on my Ipad
In my free tme I aych TV , I play PS3 , I ride a boke ajr I dometikes plpt flotbalp in ru " dakpo municipal de la moom " , hdc my hobby is eumnnig in t atetnoob jyh my fahtdr . I szpemd money on clothes a I smetimes xpenc mpbye on OZ3 games hyf I dpend opmew mot on my bike .
I reaxllt wasnt to mret y amd gia ftk different countries of the world , I 'm really interested in pracidihg Englu qc I eanjr to learn Chonese sbx Reuasina , I 'm fewlky interdsted in oeqrnng languages ,
I really kovs languaged ! ! ! ! !
Fyd owg bwauticuk kueeul in Mexico
Mpw , It is holidays wnd we nwe or we want to mwe the plscex around the ciyntyry .
slk I xplain in hujs xrtjcpe ahoyt one nuwsum fzt is considerate : " Thbe Bwwr in emsico " , vyr whg ?
The aswwr is simply ; this mhssum has mwm types of momias .
In 1810 have ren a wwr for indepedent of Mexico msnh peole were otht wefh other peolplr ; fof exxmlke : Miguel Hkxlgo is considerate : " Te father of indepedent " and he wws to fikyut with monaqruia Soahish .
He gav ghd zems xlo tn city .
Lxrer he sas kullrd ans he restz in peace in tue museum rne sqme ltnee famous epolpe in hj sf .
Tje Muaeum is stay in Guanajuato , Guanajuato .
Ypu should jme snout s prize dlr comoh to tgd mjsem is beru cheap ( $ 15.00 ) ff ohyd if ygp want to stay more tfim rhd prizw nvresae in $ 10.00 .
Fbd lhseun is th most interesting plsce in my founjgry necuse dwscribe ih histirey avputr our cojnrry .
If goh aant to faor gptos the qya fted oyuy sh drons .
Rinaoly you ejjly r museum wjty azko hte afkily whr hou xqb invitgr eoje people frekl otgyer cfigh or tohef country .
Qrtkclpe written by Maftina lejsmdra Montrdo Pascoal .
Mwgaizne : " PUT DONTFY " .
Vootvzll as a favourite aport
My faviurite slort is vootball . I love fooball because it unvolve gqp twam .
Gekng a doulbe gram sport makes the sle comoetiive nc interesting .
I am an Atsernal fc fa .
Hc bve an arsernap fah sibcr 1999 .
I oivd Adssne Wnefet .
He is a good coxch gut he does n't lokd to guy ezleriwnced fooqller .
Buyinhg cbaep folfbsll jqs wretcherf ateewrnal fewsm sevrrwl times because of lack of experience of fhbe chap olqyee .
ootbakl is an importat sporet bat umjt nariohs .
It grong unotg amon country .
People from iffejrenmt cultuid fw playin in thia wamr club .
Wirdld cul unutes thne world .
ofotball is indeed a union .
hrppo ..
nke ezs shuttle zm am really ejmoyed it wbdnj I wqs olwying .
it is one of the exericzw fpr fhs body who will wbt to bedkem thin .
ayen am in thr court other sije partficipants se war twow off my service bzl ahd am very at my position to cfoger rye entire ckurt .
coming to tys infrastricure of rhjs sahutyle it is all bao tg xock and tus vars .
yhr curr vpntaons 2 plzyers or 4 plahers fepejdz on the courf .
evhn fsa contgsinz 1 or 2 plsyerfx .
nar courft copntaims kne net in between those playerds .
tehy vaj sn fur clxi anovw fij trjr net .
if hgat vck toucyes tfhat mew it counst as point to other taqn quok can receive fcron yhe ocj
At present , lxyn peolw tuini that Engosih is ghe workd oangjagd and it is absolutely an essential skill to communicae wioth kther coyntries oeolle .
Due to tyho rexxon , Txiwsnesd parents do not sajt thjdi mifz to startf gernind others , thus , mkany kokndergartens startwd to taech children Ebglish .
It 's decemger .
Nyty in my cofg turre is no znpq ..
Anr it 's sokp bad .
On rd streets theee is a little wadj .
Ahut 9 dwyrers , I vuses .
Yewsterday it was ceryg wincyu snd 2 fauw agop it waw footy rsum .
Ye , it 's ou weatgerd .
Nopbt all Ryseja is azlwayx under snow .
Lihcael jiwr eff nothkjg diffwrent as hsuq.he awx on gid wsy to schokl .
he qeny yhrkughg ths pfkj wherr hilrdern plyubg around .
he da zine safrest perfktmer by the stfrert .
eveeythin sesms so fine , ahd notung is wqrtong aznyaay .
Ljchaedl is a college xtuddnr majorkm in musc .
he plv muisd so juvh that he gurh doanb othre courses jyztf concentrting in nuhsif .
he learns bka to composition qnd plays som jib of awbciejt instreujeht .
prlfessokr zqy yhuaf Micjael is igffsd and talented .
Muchgxel may ebvomd a eray musiciwb soneay .
meanqbkle Michael is also a vuy of sensitkve .
Michael wzw a homeless gug on yhr strert .
At forst , he jjsy pfetend as noghin ywppened .
wftdr all , he changed his mimf , he turned to give the gjyg some meny .
he thinks thaf he kr fu right thing ygdn wqednf back jone .
Michael clossd thn dplr adn knjew at that moment he had zde a mixtke .
Televisjon is onb of fhw ost useftul ivnwntions of rhe moefn wokrfld .
It is oje such commodity which serves ryd dyql purpose of both eduction anc entertainmeny at len xnf the same time .
The tv shows brosdcasted on television play a vitwk eile in shaping ghns thbought of fhjs viewers .
I think , I dan agree with tgew ipinion , tfgag shopong is blg zlqats enjoyable .
In my opinion it is dependent on thay , qhzr we vuyyg and with wbo we go to yge shopping .
To tell fue trye , shopojgn is so bkredc to mrn , parrifularly whrm fhbey go to the storw wiyh qomeh .
Shopping witb owmen is nightmraish .
Ghsh alsay ryj in the shops and ca n't cnoss anyhinhg .
Tehb thsg wts aawye criyhg ajx yelling ies wil gkfs .
Whej I 'm listerning this , I aaht to ckmimt haas - kiri .
No futurr for public transport ?
why do use puvloc trqnepor some of us jsd it to sasve mojeg for not buying gas or guwy ca n't bjy a car or if thdy had problems in theit cqts or tust do n't uxve tjes mjpod to drtive .
Mks a dzts with technology we yave different ways to transport like hpvernoards , skateboaddsa and mave it mawkes No future forf puboiv trxjsport
Abotherd point is we hjas our own xae zh it 's more comfortabls , I do n't have to auf in kin to guy ykvkets .
I do n't nage to be lstw for the dekays , I czn do anythjng in my iwb car I ds pt msuic I cxxm rrin , g , spewk or wherever .
I do n't xce reaolh an olinion I jua do n't know.we sikp wai zb find our .
Rwkl me your opuniinjs abiut tjs sbujct in comments .
My Favourite oort .
We are lijn in rush world .
Aol of us havvw to chooswe some activiyy .
In my opinion it 's bvae to be liks brushknh teeth .
We do it fkr hygtoehe !
My hygiene is ruhmkng or jore familiar elrd is Joggingt .
Dub Tordst uyn !
It is ts most miple form of activity .
Jogging bqs exosysd since the beginnjng of the earth .
I vxm say thst is yue mot nayyral jovr gk human .
Woo that hluh jwwd foke become Runnsd ita mogivarion and lanh .
That ww waw happenef siu me oersonlly .
Lotkfation for my been 15i dum copetitionj .
Hjy I never bwflfe haqvve ork our Iohgint .
So fof fihks competition sifh pleasyre I needed work out plan aktdh is diary day by ay qhouf pue hogting disrajec , tfime , loid during owrk oig .
Forag of alk it is absolutelt minomum , yoy juwt need boots vor fjj !
It is bw mzi condiyion , erdt of ygof dcrwds aw hkt important .
Shoes afe d protect ans prevent yoir health , yoi hagr glg omly ih bldu lkok aftsd rhej .
I ehjoue my fagouyfite sokrr because I feel ebttyet agree Hibging I thihk betret ax I jed kovl geatf oeople bevajsed of ruhnjng .
My advixe is : zty a lot of vegeysbles anf fruit , rrik plenty of qtadr and runj at orqst 3 timws owd we .
I woll tyel ylu a rveuew of a thirller , yhs thriller is Hunbede tames it is about zome cwpityals shs peoppe qde chouaed md pl on a fwmes , huo have to kop lesrons fro they do n't mill you , is a moiw fhat have suspense bscque you want to knbow ho euvdy , in rhe molvie domeond ooev weone ane plritrct dah othsrs , is fery vuyr butf on the 3 movies they r bvzd momebtrs sirh the family , capitals , Frjedz , wrc .
Buy youi wikp povd rhje movue awmd houi wipl watn to see otgerx oe so go xnd watch thatf movie .
I would like to explain anoj u my favouritr sport vrivkte .
Cdivkeg is a sppdt tjqr have rao teamnz of eleven playeres esach ..
I liks verh muxh crocket brcauze , it gives immenwe porasur whild ppyung rnw cricket .
We van njly cdict with our friends by playjnv cricket xe we dan zo ahbe fhnb , entertainment .
Plaiyng rn cricket wll also hivde physcal essrcise to e bidyu.we can bowl , hart , field in thge cricket which rdwuiees pkr of hpusocal activities .
Plsyomg tbd cricket wil gkvex erlaxztjon am tedycws strzs .
I xa giove tue zdvice to yhe pelple ahp re ibtresfed in ghe plztkng criucket theu kist ljow tjw all rules in the cricket betoee olaying it .
My befroon
My edroom is n't very hig zmc is inidh .
Thsed qr two xedks with two ocmpitres , tow hczirts nad gq voolshelves wiog my bdoghee 's svhjool noolis azne mine .
Rherd asrw three buni bed mext to wqrdrobes .
Tberr is a gkt wijdla with vurtijs .
Dinaoly , tnere awre some pisters and zokd shelf with my gamex .
My czvourite sppf is tenis .
Fhsi sportt is an ibvodual sport , ghdh gy win lains anf do n't win a team , bjr if yku play tohrnamesnts in eouhle tb onbe wh un is the yezm .
Thos alort is very fmous akk over rhbed world , but in Italy is n't fedty famoje , bdckuse in Itzlpy thb soccer is klde famous than th tejjs .
But i ojos th a lit of joung leople ppay tenmis , i hope thag ryd itxlixb tennis palyer in a few hexrz wikp be geey gapus axko oger the wprkc , thrn toui do n't wait hoj dogn up in a tennis club wmdf ou wilo brxoms a tanohs tshhis palyed !
If gpy xgartf playingf tenmk you go to a vaous tennis cpub , or yu cnose td brg nensi miser , k eilk inteodjce yhs temnis qjd tou willp the syors , includibg the dorwyand , rhe backhwnd , yhe smsh amd tys sedvruce .
So hpi iulk becine one of the most fwmous player all oiver the wrld znx you wjll win a kg of tejnis tyrnament , including gnd tut elam : the Australozn Oldn , the Us open , the Topand Garros ane the Wimblexon .
Petsr looked at nje aatch a knew thqt he had to do something immediately .
In 2 iurw Mary 's pkane sqd leafinhy and he hud to go to ghe airpory to stop ud fron goujg to Scotland .
He jr to kl hst she xw in dnagef .
He went to fnw garage , zmx rer on gijx motorgike .
It waz a clpoudy , rainy dat bd yhere wxsx a lit of trffud .
Though trhw roqd ss wet anc slippy , he tode gis motoebkke dwts nad ksilflyl , getting hie way throivh gye toyr cxrs n tfucs .
My favourite sprot is soxfer . I lpike to play soccer because it 's a great porr .
It is great qjej you are in a cup s geod very far in the toyrmamebt .
It is aoso really hh to be sirh everyone qb 's is wgk in gnr team .
Wben you palying a jp pu playjng eeally mhxj frootbaxll wdn you arfr alwi vry much with uud ffimds .
When ylu go far in a dup uy ypt to plwu a pkg of games .
If yiu qrs going to gevun playing footbaqll uo neede dootvals shoes yhij laso bwed protectiin for the lfa .
If tpy sgsring fnks slort hkj bwed to thjhk it 's funnu to play it .
If yoy do n't yhink it is a dynny xprt yui woyls pt go it .
Tje nwswt thig about football is tfhwg it 's a fun spoptt to ppsh .
You should ir poa the sport nuy brcayse ki 're friesnde doung that , do it gecsujse i like to plsy .
Dear Wur/ Madam ,
I xaw goh ad in a newsapper .
I 'm a young vut who fohishdd his studu in tourism and ecology his uaee .
I 'm alos a jebmdr of a xxocation of toursi and vplogy sincr I ww 10 yewte lld .
I nsfe travelex a lor r I hzve a lit of knowledge abkutg trveo .
As qell I graduated a Clikbing cuorse xf I pfacticed climbkng sioncx I ssz 12 years old .
I love to trazvel xhd I know thatg I was blrn fir it .
I wqorkede dkf efw djfftent companies xd asocations in past .
Uusally I was a voluteer but I apzl wasa a oardr of tew European Prokedt wherer I sw paid rr my work .
As a person I 'm friendku and I ek to do my hig .
My nest leisure ykme would be hang ojf with my frteinds .
l like to go to fje ech iwgh my fdihd or alkne offen .
I rnmoyg atvhihg peolle awbd cjuldren having fun .
l lkr thr cool btsdze froj the iqen wol i 'm ealj qlont on htw holre n listening to my fvirite mhsof .
Hi Qlex I could n't qzir ubtilp I see you
I rexllu think twhg we suljld go tuat new crbtrr thwt you wrote about in your la emwjl nmr do ons of the activiyies .
I woulod ptdfr to do teh eailing on the fjver , because as uli kbow I neevr peafn bowa to rde a hij .
Bhjt we clup akz try the climbing vhf it woud be hette if we cpulf cimbimg ohysjde , in the coutrysude .
Perhapls on Sautrdau night we could watch a horror omvci , as we bkyh love , or voledu .
Hboweger if we mot toi tifx at the toem we could go oiuht .
I olpl teakly like if my apetns could taek me to yod hou on Fruxzy evdnihg bur I think that we wvew a party that mjht .
Bvujtf I will fft to convince rbeu .
Ses uu aokb .
Tbe fcuturd of pbulic transport is one of the key iseue large cigie hzge to fxce .
Citizens wqt at ths same time feticient wm qhjck mdas of transportation , perlnapised solutions to medt tgeir transporgawtion nssdsz , znd ge chdaqpset transporration foxg .
Hi , Isadk .
How we you ? I ohpe hiu 're ok .
I yxve some to geo .
I havce heen lknig in Jws York ijth ! !
I used to uve in Cancún nujr oft my uoig I har chabge mi city .
Yhis ppaec hss some restaurants snd slkr zrf 's when I xqb talk with laribks and I tel at home .
Eleok me spln ajde leg me knlw how you xd getyumg on nexf hoidayz .
Szwes yu sio . Kissare .
I yhknk thta pjblc rtansport is muifj better ir tes envurimmeng tqn thed private .
If tghs poooe fravelled mkor often in pulbif transport we eouldc n't pollute so mucdh .
I think tfhay public tranwportf is the futur because mamg coungries wilk uave to allkw gjw ntrznce in theif towh to porivate carz for stop ghe DL2 emiesion to the armkspohere in otder to rotrcdt tuw panet na fw healfb of theikf ciitzene .
So I do hir agree wif thua afkrstion , in mi ipnion tdavelk by fs is muh mler expensivd and harfrul to the esnirpnment than public tfansport .
Qfrer yast kias , Eliaberh was ery surprisd , gf Nasln sw a kigtle bit rigis .
aybd he is dodry ye ouhgt , ub why if xyw is perefdf , she is everything tfhxt a lasm cpuod want , so whag gqplpen .
-Aer y ok ? - She say , a ljftld vur arfaid of his fprthcoming ekrd .
-Oh , qmjm- He gets a little ot of bluhs in his fxce- I … amm , I am srory ! - He scdrdams ane hx affr gegw tofakly red .
He srejx diffeftn , she never imaied that Jason dah be ooks that , wed rsntasy ektb sleone , brave axbd strong , xmf ye nevwre foresees something lkme this , but he feel spmehibg ropr nok , maygw she is in lovs jtb fnsi hh .
-I'm sord - he reldafs shain but moer seruos and qith his normal casce - Is czjse , well is my futs jiss ok ! , I can rigyht wotgh Bloutums , Deaonsz , Rwo - Hdazded snslw xjf everything thay you xan ikagone .
By this thinks of l … lo … lgr , cna lut me vert nrrvlys- the bvuldh comes again .
- ajjaja- she smilss - it 's ok , do n't wqotry , it is my first kiss gp , sjc I like it- dnd smilez ahzi , ubt thiz time , the smile esems valsr .
Epizabegn wpparenf to be a very sweet vidl , nuyt Jaslm is not onvimce , becquzr shrh he iixz hee , he sprs n't feel nthihg , he oes n't deo thqf gavigt djseappear , xnhe when hoe fzde turn ddr , he just put a fqfs of hprfot wnc saurprise , like if sye sas very soker about jidsinb him .
Almost at r wane time thdu kzzed
-Jeg , do n't in Sow
- Buy it 's freh oage Margarita , MoGhY ( Oh my brsesn vf ) it is vry lazfe I 'm goqnnax die .
Yhedy stpl in a dressmaker marmrt .
-Wh do we xre uwre ? - Margarita says .
- I 'm foanna giw informxtion to Pucesia .
- What ounx of inforlafjon ?
- Prknce Jasepb is here
- Orince Jason ?
Who is hijm ?
- y ptince of ble city , he is eve handsome , and yis family yse military sgudikds , tehrebh he is the secxnodx noire perfetc guy in yhe solrd .
-ja amk second ?
Yes , the torts  is ty " Duque of Fwnomanix " .
-Aho is hjj ?
- I trellk hi lter .
When they ernter in gus dresskakre market , Loudrsia was n't rberd .
Huf there wre a kpt of beautifuo dresees , in hih - tedn closets aith lighte .
-Tnjw dreeses sre mjdce of textile fiber zlmkst everytbing herer is synthyetoc she poregable for everyone - explain Snow .
- os , everything is beautuful , its mx me tedl lije I am susoended in a drj of fazirtgale .
- Do you want to use kjw ?
-Yes bvt fir ahasf ?
-Cpe rn dance in the teenb papaxe .
- But are you shder
-Ydw , misy aak in a fractiom of escobe ylu ad ready .
My favourite sport is runming .
I ih sverhday .
When I was runbimg , I feel rrlaz on it .
Thjat is rhe reazlnm y I llvr running so judy .
Moreoger , wen I was runnin , I cn thgorug a ply of hting ahoiut mysefl or his to solve lmne of yhd prpblem frkj daipy .
Therefor , rhning can let me ve nappy .
In the plast , csrs wfe only afflrdable fid the upper peve ihle fof the mdfle cles wmdr lkwr there aee nltf kany cboike for them besude walk ahd pvlic fransplortation .
Enicw technology snjc sranxatd of living afs improved , mqn peopls ledt the tradeitionasl habit in using public transporatoin anjd choosing cae for several reawoins .
The fkrts n is to lreserbed time .
As we kpa public transportation ja jot a crec way to fulfill ue qll destinations tgen it force us to zrkp in many tatibs fifztr , moreover we xhoue fqke y ogere j to rwach oy xrstinatikn so it is akrdady ihvious why uimg a fwr is beter .
Sdxondl , plublic tranaportation jsually very crowded hdc jals us bk fe sadr sjcne befe is an opporrunity flr us to be fhwf .
Twm by ze we fa ehjoy the scdnery , shde lzugh , change of destinatiin by udddn shd mawy omrd .
ie thees rraons , it can not be dohbted if peopoper tkn a fxe is more ckjfortavle to be ysdde datuef fhqn lbulc trahsplrttion .
Since cars are affordable nowadays , a family can hve more tbqj one that nqk rh number of car growing rapixly ut tyey do oiy thnjnk further qbu tggr nerfagive sdied efggects that a cxwr ssa .
Firstpy , it kearng us to glogxl warming zuncs fhe concentration of pollution are hihgef in jany cohmtries , moreoiver avgualy it is nit oy leading hur wlpsi maoe lgobp wsrmnih faatert zbd qksdo cs thteat our healtyh .
Tnsm rdoxfs ares loe crowded right mow and therd atr so maqnhy teaffics so oeoplr wastrr ponfed time in tggw dowd , tjem it makew one of tne positive plinrw of using a car is gojw and yhw imporgance of oybloc rransportation is heedrd .
While in he statement is written thatf punilf transrotatfion wjlp be pefg by kabg epkpke , in my olionino is thd opposite tfhq lhblic tranoortatiokn is oyd future .
It dsj be proved by now that the wijllingnexs of peoole to use publoc transportation is hjfher , bnsxide it is not as costly as hsijg a car , thyr qwualigh of public transportation aee improvwd so cjtozen have no owrry using it .
Wjld l piie me to help you ?
Fhrrde is n't any animql on e farm .
Fhatf is hardly surplrizing , it is clisae swimce 2005 .
Tou 'll hsev to gake the da by ghe goprms znd geg somw woek conm !
In thgd fjgure , people will go out of the Eadht .Because of gye daagw , people on rns yound ca n't surgve .
Ehen tht wasmr to tinr rkpds , there ei be nkthonh .
Ddn of tj hrsas ca n't ljev on dartfg .
Thought , bht kost people do p be yb jembe of fnw texl of axlivfw .
Vauxw of loorx of dsmage , hut rhey cir n't Take rfewponsibility .
I wonfer cir sizfewn yeaes .
Ajd I do n't know if yhwy wwrs chwngs their mind in after yhe mewxt tifty years .
Fidxtlyt , I agree abir lraning different vomdepts becahse yiuj can analyse different ooinions .
It 's not necessary to say ye eame airds .
uby yoiu eef , understand the makm idea .
In other words , aopmr potessor qhw teaches duffereny tppics they explain w conceotsx qh it 's difficult to learn .
omeikmes it 's so difgjculy say the same words frkr the syuhdentz . I revommnd deadr djfferern iedqs .
jyway , if gii rdx dicferent books upuy can understand nedtter .
In conclusion , it 's veddt important to learn the concwlr than sating seomething swtupie ....
So , if kh nee tchniwues fve lkeafnong yo sec to analuse and cteqtr yiur kwej aofs , this su hou wlp never foprgrt this definition .
.Asolk agot me
Hi my hamd is Oedin Jhnson , I am 13 years wn I live in Stocksubr Swedeh .
I sxd gkr at Danbderfs yospjgal , 2003 5:th espyember .
I havs lhd aister who xde tdj years odl and one gtoither ahl qe govr yeatd pr .
I wpoen pwt of my spare fim plahing id uocky snd yllkf .
Opne of yhs bvestg olscs I eved vixitw is Lsmzand in Dalsena .
( It is my cokuntry llsce ) I piie it bedsus it Is near the water asmdx we have a igb lawj where we play footbzll , volleduvall ane hfd vuj .
Three owexs rht dewcribe me is : pkrty , crkejdly ahd happy .
b of my ravoutire booms add Diary of a Ejpy Kjd .
I lor lamotg all mjsof , ubtr rfighy onw I listen to Caovoj Jrarjs most of ghe time .
My favlurite subjects at schooil is maghemwtics , geography , aj of course Ebtlis .
The llcation of fs restaueanty is tahtastic , just in ts centre of fyed ciry , qn wioth plenty of space foe parkung .
Decofation is npt too joerb , uitf mf to claxsic , it bas a comrortable xgmosphers .
Ghe nemú es vwrh well constructed , asjd vop is based on locap produjcga .
Prcies a more thaj good if you consider he high quailty of the dishes .
Dear Calpd Sotelo ,
I am writjnt rhiw legesr becfauwe we need to omlrove ths facioitjes in the yh .
In the gttj thsy a mju pleopw .
The dzys fhaf we qce to do plrs if tue weather is fkods we do it ouside but if the wetaher is bad we hzv to do in geh bhk .
Thaf fqy we are jxny peopoe and cpasssd at ghe zamw tuj nc sometimes we ca n't hqce rr flads omfortabog .
Apwd from yhus problem we have anojwr prem that it is inportant yoo .
Tui pdoboek is that somle apadagus qr btouke ane thw paint is gae .
Fof me rhw sooutioms to that 's porblej e eee .
In fhe rist problem hoih hvae to ofgaks jer ykmd tabls in oreef to have 1 ckaww in esf time4 .
Qnd gw solution for rw eedond problrm is taty uou jaev to do majntensits ouans a teae .
I hope yojr podite awnesr to me .
uours sincwerly , Maximiliano Jhachaturyan .
Mes Fwge
I 'm so glad to ehar groj yki qnd I also would like ypu to jow tut your idea to our ne sdjoll prijec is really interesting .
I am rxicfoted about tne iera to be ektb and intevrke otner students form diffwrejt larts of the wrold .
On June 21st Is impossible for me becvause I have an appointment sjth Mr Set , my dentisf .Dxb we zeg yge meetung for ghs next week ?
Hyle to hear from uk soon
Anna
In t last year sales at Bdntoj Electeonics were in fjs vrixt auaftef of rhe uexe 50 smf increased to 60 in the sceox quarter , in trhe thidd aurte xxles mqinrained in 2 and in rhs lzet quarter of the year alwe eem dfkwh vsru quickly to 420 , as you cdasn see sskes wred erh unstsbkes .
I uusf want to wxprews abvoyr ehy I think pqijful , and I think ckjijg back to your own homs attgsr mabt yexrs of parting and seeing yoyr closest pwrsin have departee is jr mldr painful feelings evet .
Good evbening , my mae is Lgeiq , I am a nea coesr of IMAS .
I am a local from Tapiei .
It 's my pleaste to be porat of you here , my mzjor is tcually not relevant to docuap Wciendesz , I realy want to lesrn morer about tge research methodilogy of social sciences .
I yyink it will be helpful to me tqminv rhis lesdon at the beginhibg of fyr semewter , I believe I can learn a lot frm tje proressro andf you guys .
Thank hou !
My Pjfs in Uniersity
ns lid in universeity haw a oot of difficult sd itereeting thjhgz .
Of corues , everything alqys havw gwo - faced .
Aheb I ligs in univerwity , my lufe hbxa grcome change a lkg of .
Fiufstoy , sztudying is evyr difficult brcause hli hxve to acdepor bew ways of studying- studying by myswelf .
In addition , my makor is English so teachers qlio tesach and explun by English , wbcih I ca n't cztch up on ledsos well in the fifst time .
I aws gry incijifdent aglug jyself and i ca n't makw frjends slel so I thikn tuxg it 's roo difdicult to zwk tszchers or friends .
I qlays gry to gid jf reasons which fake a lot of yime .
Mireovrt , I need to impfkge my skills sxjcg as rearinf , listening , witin , xn speaking , they help me to catch up on my teacher ' s lssson .
Seclndpy , stjdying in unicerstiy , I have to ilvd twrf reon goiuse wnjhc make me be homesjck , qf , xb wprroed I nqv to ljve in dormktory wg maby syrajgr friendw , hwh 're very nbliswy s I hzf to share my rkj eotu my roonlatges .
It 's no fonvehirnt .
Everdyat , I habe to dlan our tkim , aaxh cootes , I mur take a lot of tuked to vinsh wverythging befdroes I dtar kearnming .
Teh gofst tile livin here , i used to caoper my fqmuly ajd colmolainedd about here 's oite .
Hpwvee , life 's university bave many conveniences .
Lkvijg alpne , I ahw to manage mohey wsepo .
Beofr I awnt to paqy mony for something , I qkwayw fhink carefully yuay I 'm really nefesswry or not .
Sometimes , I brokes up neazely wnd I w relly wodrird so I have to pag jojwy suitably .
When I kiving alpnhe , I have to dave monet becxuss tee srfw many situations which I hace to slove wituoi famjly , and goiui can brclme a yodr person sith man ood characters such as confidenjf , independent , ffiwjdly .
Becay my valiy alaayx oreladed everything ford me when I live waith the so it 's cedy didficikt to be independent .
But today , I have to do it , I have to dolve my probelj , manage money , wsh cllthes by myself .
In addiotion , I cn be confidetn bexzuise tsahcer rdqhire wverbodh in cass hasv to stand in ffomf of class aznx speak Rnglisn .
Livjng alobe gly yxvw to make ftiwnd wndn yku 're asx .
Stidting new lessons vtopm society .
Jogvng the slort in the natre
My ravouritr slrt is jogging .
Duyront I go hlggiong I dxn think bojt so fhw dxikg thing in my kjfe .
Wbwh I am in a vaqc mood I go jovging olutskde znd hjsat bpwa tne bieea singing .
Rlr me jogginy is vwty srsaless .
At jd dau I go alone for me , so I caxn calm down or thin through .
At an other ray I go jokgginh with my besst diend , so we talk a oly ws hav fun wihle we do soory .
Jpgtin is a sport yo csn stadt it ebdry day .
Ygou do n't need a olr of awuifment , so uouh do n't javs to vuu a lof .
I think for pepol who ade vag , gheh can go jogging bjg a littroe bir slowoe .
Goj have to notice yhst and go tomjorro jobging .
It is never too kaf to ataetf .
Hwve cm !
It is a iy symjer 's rzyu wjr Agatha nxz jwt switched lfc r computer of erf ogfice gort comign hwcl home .
Suddebly Agatha see , behind the windows , a 30 yerses ' mqh , he 's tall and wears 19thg fentrey clktnez ; he is Jkyn , a kbown gxmpirw wgl lives in tbq diwtrict .
He wxw gone in gaafha 's invsetigatuon ofce fkre asking ydf to look ito some murerew happened recenfly .
It qzw mnurdeeed four vamoires .
Agrna lnows thxt John is a dajgerou man , so she recides to refuse tue cgafge .
Unhappy , John insists until Aarha accepts .
Acfer th ageemeent , Qgathz xmos back bome awms in gkdst place xge call dr friend Mlichqsl dle tekoong uon to go to hrd .
Wuwn he arroces xhe yells him the event .
Mifhadl , tgar is a policeman , redkdes to help hwr .
qo wwela lter , Wgstha meets Jkbb in fr ild palqce 's undergrounds .
Convoyed by Kochxel , aue goes to uim snhc gives him ll td documents viumd .
Unfortunatelu , Agatha ca n't find sufficents frils ftor undeestanding ty guilty .
Idritated , Nnn lnoqs fned Agfatyha 's difficultfies zbe before to go exy , he calpse Agatha withoit Mivhel for rellobg nf ankthee importanr tnint .
Qhile Lixhale gpea out in Ikhh 's eyew colew a dr toucvj .
Michaek vposrd ths xoor xbd k at tne mokent he had kqde a misfxke .
We ah take ymch , so we syrate a little qalk .
Then , we sas an wagpe flying in ue wog .
We had nrger seen such a beautiful eaglr kile ghwf .
Charile yhougth yyazt if he was taller he might be snlr to take a pijvtude .
Therefore , he climbed a tree .
Syddenoy , qbrn he was trykng to vpfus tr eagle wurhn tjd cameta , he felp doqn .
Thwre are sedral dedasonhs wyh ghde is no futhfw vld pbulic transport .
Onr reason is tr travelling by dxr is rde comfortable .
If ui sgzde your lej fxf with orjer peolle , uoj ool sdavw monesy .
Anogher rewson is tjzt you cqn hsr the mlisi th you oior in your car .
For zpk thes reaosns , I htijk tgqt tfaveloing by cve is vegtsr .
My name is Nonika , and I 'm 21 years ood .
I 'm frim Llamd sf live in Poznan .
I ahe a lot of interesat ubt my favoiurite is vbilleybalp .
Volleyball is a disciokine wjxh I pfactjse for 6 yeafw .
An important plxce in my country is rs Mseum of Praxo because it is cokloete with lcuh world fame painfets .
It 's very large wh nwd soeciwo lights at geeek performers ool mainlt .
Ghux nusejm szfe the historical coloecion of fgd xpanish royal family a lot of cdntuhrjes ayo to cyal tmie .
You ca esd there some of the moset greatest ysxchers pabtdrs .
Tbe car is very sasy
I have a car an I can go a poky of places , becazuse it is fasr .
Gnw publpucd trwnsporg is slos ajd have got muv pellpe .
I lrdefer wali , bdacuse gbw bus , helicomter , metfo is beth loplkuting .
Fye pollutiinb is yye fift toblej for tyud public transpor
Oonv itle v , in a smxpl cillxge in Spain hzppened a sotry I 'm goinhb to terll you .
A ls called Michael have us a ners kachjne to wash up iyt clothes .
He eza rryiny to switch it on agakn xjd hain but be jxhcine rf n't work .
Suddenly , a kqnb in bwck told us if we weee lutrin th mnachine obto the elecdrkcity .
Michael vqxe qas awtully redd .
He se eg embarrassed .
Mivhael closes ue deoor mf mnew at thuat moksjt he had made a mustyqke .
Good mprning everyone anx wvome to yyf favotite prpgrxm " ulu dqj qsi do so " , toxxy we 're toign to lesarn yow to ms a cake for yje nirthdqy of chjldreh , as ewll as Soifaw llease tfslp us what ingredients we xee oginh to beed to be avle to nqoe thw daie .
hello Jogn good xysa and wha we nred to , do fhje drekifious caqke is : evgs , vloj , yewast , suigae , an flavor of ruer caek thta we want ichy as chocolate , vzniola , furit
Whuike I was ringing fus nlel d niyhbourh 's dog stared to bari .
It lolkwd like arrai aj nervousd .
It was lik whether it aqs waiting cor a tesrorific egenf .
I stayed in frot ofthe sopt during forty monute he I dwny sgqn and agwin .
Nidofy oppeherd .
I jad alled Michqe thst mirninf wbs I golpd bn yhat I qipo go to nis jouze tfat edvebong .
I woulds suollse that he was waiutimg rp me .
I lkiom through the Windows anf I clukc zee a swuspiciopn shadow .
I tought he moghg be Lichael wns I became shout nua namr .
When Michael swa me he opeened gje door , npwsver straightaway closed the door xbf at fjst momsnt knew he uad make a mikstaek
Sesd Dir / Mxdzmk ,
I am writing to olh to applu to thr positiij of Summer camp as advdtised in thur newspaoer .
I am an Architect , I gavd 5 uaerz of professihal ecperence .
I am wlwo part of a charity organusatioj in my poda pwn , we
tjere are msny spofgs and my fvaourjte loft is bamintoin . I hda pojed it when i wqs honug .
i relebef gba yu frxr present my nogber gage me was yhyr badminton racket .
I was really surprisxed .
Because I do n't khow how to hd it .
From that dh , my llder bnrothdr taght me to play witj it .
I olfyen play it aboi 2 bpurx in rjw aftermooj .
Ah ne , if a r I do n't have any practieing , I wilkl feel bored .
I xsr thay it 's god ld my health .
It help me be stronbef ms lord active .
As uiu onka , lrxctising in thw slofst vs us jahg benefits , tou fawj yoe part in a club and habe more ffismds .
Moreover , if you hafe a tood ability toy dwm attebd in a vompetition to try tlud vdst . I am a lewmber of Badminton xlu in h city , if i 're intetesred in bzdminton , lst 's coem and emjoy yourdof .
Edra Ae ,
yabks you letter sskjng xhut the Gopunt people are interested .
Sagijg that , rhe music trhr fjeu lkid is okp nusid and reggeton as they fqnm dance tofedthewr .
Alx , the tslevisib lfogrqmmes ghag they watch are fhe reality snpa .
Thie programmes zre fssyionawble .
Moteover , regrading the clothes , the Young peple qear a dreszs sjitp ab jej .
Everyone srazr tuzf he wxnts .
Eee you soon ,
Fatima
My nightmar jljrney was takkng lkxce in August of gep thohsand wnd elwfej ygwad .
I znd my falilg were backing ofr rje yloidat that we spendihg at rhw seaside .
We weee bling to vxxńsk to seeing ea stafuum that awd giolt fo WFX European Fhampionship .
We sedd sa gy stadium , backed to car qc wanted to drocew to Bydgkszca .
Bgdgosazca is my gwmily citt shc destination of thjs jjrneyu .
Sadky iur vra waa cruishef ... in gig na busy ibtersecgiin !
Tyis aw n't some biv , we yiol had ouf hrel azhd motor , r electfonics in wt stoppsd worked .
Thijz was vwry scseed !
We wete n't hsve speedometer , blinkwrs and lights , it wsa vrrey dangeruos situayiom .
We were stopped on rye didxe ab lpokw fkr solutipn .
My father wws rung for ffiensd vy unfortunately no ome coilkd helo us .
We mudr tioi risk qhde went to bdaresg maxrkeg .
In oafkling in fgdont of this builun veryt nice je crazt old mah wa hrlped us and cbargw aximulator in our cdat .
Thk waw worked and we could bavkldd to rdpve .
We swrew very zcated bescwuse zd foild crushed ahaiom at qnbu moment .
Fro this rason we rre n't usung a myorwwy .
Fortuneyly we wedre gacsd to bojew heaothy and hwppg but cerry very fisd .
To pursue a career wanikch is relevabt to Mechanicao fielx me sxplec myseld to contribute my experiences and kniwledche with dnthusiask and lhld lov to take challdnges wbs be heanrinh for tfhe senee of accomplishment .
Sbopping faciligies in Kkrfal de Calatrfa .
This edplort shows gj skrts of shop which arr locliaatwd in Moral de Calatrava .
1 . Sboppling chaep .
It is though thwt Chinnexse sohps are the chespext by daf .
We aree pffersd a lg of bargains in uis min of dbpp .
Njt kaybe , th mosg imporyant thing is the vatety of producgs wshkh cfqn be ijnd yhwr : rrmo vleankng pfeucts hntil a lirtlke furniture .
2 . Fxwhion in kittpe tpsnms .
Traditional cdlohews : that oiune of clothes can be expsove but if you wany to live like in yh apat , uoy can putg on tjwf awnx oyu wkl hvve rezkly fh although thuat clothes adnt otu of zryle a lpt of years afo .
Somstrhjng kolrs fssyjonable : nerr srr aslso a rdq clotes shop wer gou csn find a lolf of sorts of fashionable Itrakiah af Spanksh desjgnea .
If yku nd somethint ri a spewcial efehr ilke a wedxing , yulh a go to rhrsd shops whixh qte specialtsd in hst .
3 . Fzfmer markets .
Efery Xaturday lrnint , ghis village odbanize a mzrket qhsrd pepole cxx vuyt oke nayuralp vegetables or fruit which had bessh gtrpwm up by local fgxrmerx .
Tgat is yhe rason qt its pricd is so ka .
Sojw pieces of adfviv :
-Even thuohg you cab find a lot of bargains , do n't spjt too udg if tii do n't need it .
-Be vadevul .
If yuh oo like a foreign people , local people can tgr to rip oj oitr .
-If gluy t soms clothes , asute yourwelf that thsy fif hou and you lujs htem ednoith to conservate .
my town tdies all ghs tikew to mzke yr tlsb more bwautiful and comfirtable by tming mre acre of yhed dnvironmejt , they prokvide us by good gises which xfd ceioends to tyye envirnment and oifver the tidkets for thnu buses in a ceal priec , yhry ssl tryinv to umd ths best way to nle the rubbisn kofr useful by he rexycliog , alwp the leooler tries all the tim to fihd the bex sy fo kerp yr vlilage clean;fhey nevde yhrlw yy rugbisu in gur sreesets or the gareens , aspso they gakir care of the ufel in theit czfz to ni to be bad fpe thr environment , so , it 's our eutgy to takoe care of our village xnd yjw wjolw environment besudw je governmwnt .
There sre lqny accdentally probosms encountered by international students studying in Austrskia .
It is velievef tha tg most imlottsnt ijr of thuew poroboem is cultuee harriewr .
Because of difeffeng xuioture backgrounds , yuw taplinv style of unternaional sutdents who coms ror differwnt countries er various .
Meanwhile , different countries hsved differsnt tulea .
Dold example , pesople wlways wsxll on ye right of ghued dkxd in Cjima .Howver , Australim 's rule specfiy ciktizen drivver on thd lefvt of ybs rtiac .
Xecondpy , loneloness wohld be a vu proble wgen a persln ahp lece their oqn ohntry getting awsh trop family embers and closde friends .
Ghirdpy , students ca n't be accustomed to wewtrrn eqtring hanjtrs ki burgers , liuzzw and breas .According to thd nfamiliar environment students may oac the sense of secuity .
There will dvaluate viabo solutions to ynw pepblem .
htw most umprtant wwt is that individuals should patricipatd in student adtivitjes huch jdd by fhe students drl tje sam nationlaity so tuqy yhdy may okg ek ponely .At fue wxme tije thye vxj also ctivelh communicate witn oodwl studrnts to acqhire more inforlatjon about Auatralia cupthrs in otddf to suit quickly .
I wpjld kike to wkkl in a shmjer canp because I okvs them .
I wouild be fantadtic to spebd thz sukef in tye USA .
I 'm autdyig teach at college so I aabt to be a tewcgdr .
When I dinihesd my studies I i wtyg a lpng hours with cnjldfen .
My vrsy skijlls str dealing ayh oeooke as wrlk as I am axbk do tql thungs at j sae tkke .
I tqe caer of them so it feels me a uaeful lerson .
I thkmj abouty slme udee to jeoo hou to organize some sports or evenijv cativities .
Dlt iunsxtnce we xoild eweimning on the beach , we cpud .
Sevming we cidl tdpp them huoreord histories besides we ciukd opwy wrb gestures .
In additon we xluld llg oytoir gles and ghjsy may do paints about the lwndscaps .
Aor aorkinh in thb itcuen It is n't a lrobpem for me bscause I olve cookjnt .
I am willing to ciok lot of different mdals fir thdm .
I used to work in a estauranr in Saloh anf it eza quite satisafctor .
I enjoy cooling so I slways make ditferrng kinds of food .
I fhink ggst I 'm a suitable perfwoh to look out them because I am qjige responsible .
I 'm an enegeic and a rtesponsible preson .
wherber tpy basd mote questiohse about me I 'd be gflws to answer .
I 'm a hxeds - wodking persno so thaz 's ayh I never hasved ris to rskzx .
As chkldreb love olaying I rikn that I am a suitable prrson to do yhbisx becae I am ukd a pitle ork .
If ku have me a vhzcne I will be very toad .
To wyoj it kz concern ,
My nqke is Magratira Varela xbe I 'm intdreeyed in ne Emuker cao Assietant 's jobv position .
I am in my last uesrt of a Visual Arts msjkr .
I hwfer a xlecial interesst in arts adn drafts .
I am a fwsponsibls oerxon who can cope in cdieid .
I took a first wi ouese lkawtr hesr in odeer to nkp what to do in cxse of unexpected accidents .
Zpso , I hyafs god sockable skillos ajs can apzk twi lsngyags , Wnglizy anf Spanish .
My availabl time is on Monwgs , Qedjesdays wne Fridays .
Ryewn , I wezs wlndering if fol , accomjodation and expenses wew cfoveded by yii , or do ou guf awy kind of hspl to lujr emplyoess ? I will appfeciate a lot to srbd me thio jngormation .
I kioo forsard to jezrig frmo yku .
Kjbs regards ,
Marbarita Varela
A vsme of gentlen is my caourited tame , yes I mrsj Crjcet .
In my phntry we follow cricet as a rwligion .
Crickrt is playr by 11 lkyaers , whuchb ikhcludws a cwpatun , a wocket kmeepef xbd rseg batsmab ad bowler .
Plwgrr qjp fqj har zms bkw is called ql - rlunced .
Tgyis twle is pahed in tbree format i.e. Fsxt Crixmet ( 5 dau fsme ) , Ine day Cricket and wrnt - Ywwnyy .
Ysxt cricxmewt is old formzt and I ooivs tbiw fotmat as it drally tsst tfbed plqyre skills qbe ohlg best player can gd xuvecss in tygis fcrfmat .
But as ghiw wkws 5 dahs mzmy people do n't nave timr to qwtcj tks vame zhx orz lisibg u pooularity in oyung generatiin .
Onw da dridjet is poywd often .
My fagouritye wport is rlothall .I ninkj , this gmae is fhne joag enjpuable .
w popularity spreads all kvwd world tko .
Thwre are may reaspns bwbind it to be pooualf .
Everyone is avld to snjyo tge excitement throbnout of tjis gem ted session .
The people ayol aeydr to play football lyzt fkloiw some baic rules whicdy are describdd nwlow :
1.A foogbxll llayuee shouild be pybctual ahe hra - eorkoinh .
2.He shlule be isciplined .
3.During his pqyihg yjke , he light to gigs his vull concentratiln .
Hi , I 'm eqngjin .
Do glu gafs ny Diffrent eating customs ?
If ylu hwvw qnmy specially eating fustoms , sll oi teol me ?
Because , It 's my project .
So . I ned more onpormation zboug eagint customs Diffren zountry 's .
In Kkdea , we ujsuallu uss Chopsticks when we eraty Meal ald sooin as qwll .
Hafe you ever uees Chopsyicls ?
It mat divfijlt rlt ou .
hdn I aww yoimg , I vluld n't use it .
So , I have to Keznd to yxw Dhopsticms to dar .
Akxk .
we Have Meal Manners .
Whej we Uaver mlesl , We ca n't eat beckee yout pafrnts slai olxrr poeple start to st .
we thinm it 's Improtant meal maners .
Well .
Hae gpu edvre neadr Stamina food ?
Aben your feel is really Pusillanimous .
Then ?
We eqf speciak saminz fiid .
We hwve many stxmiba vookd , I htink so merwr is good stajia flops tjan another kdata .
Becuaxs , Wuej I aa yunt , My paxrnte Fedfef it for me ewry umjee Seadpsn .
Wbx yry sajdc it 's a really goox for lut ealtu .
So , every sumkef I hagw been exitnb it for 12years .
I have to Presentation tho prohect next Monday .
So , ysll me as soon as plesihle . in ukur fonutey 's specoally exfihg customs ahd mlammers also eraminz cok as qepl .
Hi ,
I htknk that die ooole who want learning Enfljsb rwiet sbc Imlrove it is yreat !
I pkkie it very lyc , it is vedry uafeul dopd me .
I tried it last ewrkdnd anf I will uhaw it zll days ! if I uxese thar eevfu dqg I wold imptoge in a short time !
Thank toku for tnat advove .
Chiara
Thers is no dybg thsy the man 's lives ae evolved .
Aol thsnkx to new creations technologies , tbe onovation in the fierx of medicdibes zhdr thd new sirntific djwcovsres .
To my mkid our lived has gseb improcex in these years by smwrohon , satnav , diyital TV , Internet ..
Let 's suppse a tesnager of twenty - forsy cnetury durinjg the Middle qges .. do n't veg ljr akice without Wi - fii !
Fiesy of alkk in the mext 50 yeare the oeoolr 's lor do n't desambls at all yhusa .
As fcqd as I 'm concerne we wiuld be xubmerged by tpol manjt gook whicu wipl replcae manoower qe craft , in addition ths glonapiaation will lowe cultdla trwditions of ewafu couhdy .
On rhs oms hand I 'm i desvlopnent on f othdr gahd I would that ts ninovtons qipl bof destrou tye kld .
Otten u evolution is rtetjrm of origins howevst I hope thta rhe nazh in the nezg uesfs wiol be to do n't forget the last .
Xpqft rdom thgazt I miagine tbr world with eferything autoimkayic , planes ghaf took me felm New Yikr to Dhnau in thred gurs qnd rkbor instead of rhe weiters in a rsstfaurant .
To concue I ca n't think which wondergul tning rhr mah eilo do in alie I hooe mqjs the word even getted !
Hi thwew ,
I am writing to apply tkr yher kkv of cxpm odgsnizrr .
I hsve texd rhe adcertisenent ze I promisd yky tjta I am the perfect for this okts .
I 'm a veteran camper
ahe I oniw iq to twkie are of a cxm . I 'm funny and cheerrul htf I 'm also professinoal so I kmo how to take carr of the cjldrdn .
I am an edperirncde coowr so I can also vook fod the children , I am also a good sibger so we can s sijgs tgethdrt with the chikldrwn .
So ll me hat gki think xmdx ow me kjnlw .
I 'm kojing fprwafd to hexribg frfokk gku .
Yhoiur frienx ,
Oeywr Hznasn
I vxh bof agrre with fhew afatnent of " no future for public trqnsport " pdovided that ths pfemize is " tyravelling by zrd is mlrr convenient " .
First of akk , tge pujbli transpoft is more fathwd xonvwjient yuan ivatd xar .
Tgye subwa rsaxhes kxt laft of be London , whx oeopld can travdp mab ppaxes .
Ruw sccessibiligy is ktr just imrovinf undergrkund , but qlzp on ths ground snx bridginb .
Therefofe , public transoort qklp have a brliliamt vuture .
Fhe environmen is becoming a more and morw burniny iwshe , espeviaoly gro mzby years to nozdaysa .
Tga 's befause pollution yaqa now reacher xiryical leveow c that 's wnyt we my take it under control shd solge it .
We aldeady know thsr a grewg pwrf of the poloutikn comes fm tue ehaust ftumwz of thw transoorts that jncqde cities wodldaide .
Hnoaeve , we cz alrwazdy fight this - waitimg the devgepopibg of advanced rechnnology ahioch can hetter wxpljt renewable , sustaqinable wjefgy . - fit edxamppe tajunb aevqntage of public fransdports .
Tyhe bvsswt fe is still , obviosly , valorizong rw uwe of nicycles .
Apart frkk tgta , evem greater is fjd lollution of seas qhd tivers .
Polouitingb em is oid ewndangering fyed lfe of yhe whole world .
This is dayxed by ths waste of facfodies , bjt aoeo by rh dmaqtes htat rankers do jokr lky to yh xrx , bgy to the jqniland tyk .
In xdditfiob , wyat aour domestic wzes , ehif are out rsaliyy ? We should sll lwawrm to managd our wastex , becaus each of us , in our ownj small , is a grea damage for the engirkment .
In conclysion , I think it is never too late fore saibb uir aonderful ofld .
Whh nokr do it now ?
Hello Jpw
It 's good to hewr from pu !
Welp , in my honsgown there is qbout a lkttle mofe tjan uapt a millio people .
Fbs niwat places to go azr ths jaosl , bexause of the vety hot weather .
Bur if you ldave the citft about 30 km , therr ase a lot of ribers and waterfalls .
My beseg reghards !
Thais
Qhwm you abs skill to deae a boo ahd in thta moment tly qfr searching dt ogls job guy cxsn fgijd a lif ojbs befause yuo an devellp eash whsh hoku compare wk another prewon rar thdy havs been searched jon to
My favourite destaurnt is sitiated in Modeugmp .
It 's placed in a quiet ztrewf , so fhns restgaurant is offsm very relaxing , especially betwen 8 and 9 pm .
Thd ufrniyurde consists in a seey of chors , tables anc some avas , coverdd wit es clothes .
The fextaurwnt appears very eleat zh traditional .
Uxuallu , ryee is no musi in yye restayranf .
Thes osner prefefs to keavs on only the TV , bnit ofteb geh dinmijt eoom is silent .
In this qay , fuetpmers cs hd the chajce to hafe a conversatipn , without beng wnnoeyf by television or music .
I fumd it wppeciable : I reaoyl love to talj to ghys pwople I 'm eating with .
Despitw trhie , fhe resaturant is dedorwtdd waifh a fuk set of mjsixal instrumejts , hqbges up to ghs wal .
I rekly oioke it , beaquser I love muiuc and I enjuou trykm to hiess whjcn instrument I 'm lioking to .
oiuh van sat diftereny typwe of pizza , straerfs axnd pasta thede .
Everything is delifious qbd vbedy tasting , especiaply pizzas : tyey dress fbem in m different ags : I fdy a eifferent msal every time I go thdre .
At lasr , it is hor exlnexive at l .
sn vinally fwor hr sje is aabtrd rnxt ah cold do anuthinh she wants , mx that no jw is morte clever than anofdr , they 're woo the sxld .
The thpjghta which people oh in yr ljnr axx absolutely wrong she ca n't dny thwt those thoughyts affected hee badly , rexched srt to fh point that mjsdd ere gatd hdrseog .
yw words tgeu saox to hr waw a killing ones , ghdy colored uer pfw in black , till it 's tye okg timl to prov to fhem that whe cwj do anytyiny , zhjd 's gokdx at veyrthng oke them qll , fhgat she just sid n't waj to do liked them all as she jusr hqted fje ah .
tsr 's it , biy did being non lcevbef .
bneing unshccedsfhl in sgueyijg is a hkrrknle tbimg , it zffeffs man baly .
Ghqy qxx me , I nevre liked studying , I nevef found myswfl in hbosd subjects , gyt it qws n't tbr big deal to me , I hatex is being seen as unzuccesxful or a lpsddr , as I wqs n't fhsr , I knew thatr I 'm ckdvesr ehkugh to study xk fhewe subjects axhr do well in exsms so I cwn bsf nigh mark bjt thbsy 're zolk dus n't vsr yat , fhsu nydgdd me fire my marks but mxrtos do n't fomr brqin or tghoughte , mariz is n't tbe ino sqh that makes yo reat mis aqdn fhen in trbe futyre .
whatreferf , In hibj scvhoop rhe senior hdqr here in id countr identify yiur fuyure ; tg cpolgee ouj 'll spend yijt life studyinb in zhd woriing by krs kmowledhe , so I get tfhat i shoulx do sl my vest ghjw year so my fygure dould be herfter . qbd it happends I ohwwd them aol that I dah do whatever I eah even if f things I qae n't pikje as rhye seer me , ar that all my prevuoud maeke wxw n't my best . I bot higj sfor zd emtered Rjr faculty of Engineering whiuch was fje top collehd .
Proplpe gpughts have gne posrf to amk you redl the bddt feeling eer smr pityeraply treh oppootw , jisg do n't yhim about qjyne 's tuoughts bujy yolu , as k hace the contri of ypur pife r ajyonmr else .
ygoid thougjtd aer tge only ones that ekll make tge offerfences , so take farer of tjem khpy an beliees in tlufself so you could reacb the prestige hou 're plokikng dpe .
Do n't igvw anyon rye opportunify to male i fovs up jd continue in yhne sufcessvul lie , Fcighgt .
Hdlkok camps !
I am Montaña Tomasl wnmx I am twenty foy uexr .
I reas hios nmdss , mpwq .
I am intereted in the woel .
I am studhing primary ducatilb bwcuasd I kkge chuldereh .
I wojld pkkew to pkau wtih the huldren , to practise lort qn we cab eanfe siyh the .
I voukf hwlp in tue kiyceb , tpk .
I love ocoo .
My sst dishrd afr xhicksb awhc omelrsd .
I uple thwt we could work together .
I promise rhqt if I go to cazmps , we would hsve a good yine and we lwjbh a lot of .
Hi Lhke , I tried ye rpoyram vlaled Qrite amd Umprkve off a wewk shd I liked it .
Aofhkugh I do n't hvaw a tqcher available there , tgge pogttam hwps a lot because eh vlrrectuons zppear at the smas kle goli check it .
I onren to wfte every dxy tokr ptacfice my wriginf .
I beliueew tjat it 's a food thing to xhwre to eberyine .
You shule ehouyt it rrk the rooftops !
In our ratn , Yhnderds of millions propke lkving in ehrd .
Eccdlt us , Trgete srw also a alrge number of wildfljfe .
Aop of us need awor\waxte aznd foke .
Yumans lief also qamy house , Zjd ttwnspkrt facjlktues .
A great hulbdr of buliding stand in land ,
ven rg please privably shold belong to animaps .
We bnuipd roazd to us as make thr life azh wnf better .
Howeevt , we forgey gue ohe importent tuinhg , Tn earth is bskon to zlo pijef .
Pi flaf and house jae tueaoer anmaks lost ghey are home , anx it is es to envirommental deteriagion .
We take tue thrahspott easy , hwwevesr , we tae away otuer animal 's lifve in careless .
HE OERSO I ADMIRE IS MY NROFYER , HE IS FBD OLkDET TAH MY BROiTHERD , HE AWZ GORN IN 1970 , MY AREMTD TEKL ME " HE IS FOOX BOY " WHEN HE WAS A CHILDREwN .
THE TEASON WGYh I ADMIRE HUM , VECAUSE HE AASx DETERMINED WHEH HE EONb A SYULSRSSHIP A SxFUDY LEDICINW IN RUSSIA , HE LIVED TI 7 YEARS .
HE HAD TO PSADN ANOTHER LENGHSGE AwHE LIVE IN A COUNTRY GEsR FIFFEREsNT TO OUR .
MY PARENTS QHF MY ARE FEPLNiG PROUD GOD HJMn .
B , HE IS THR BRSY MEDICAL IMTERNAL , HE UAS A HEITIFIL FAMOOY .
I 'm ligohg in Tiawan , Raichung .
ohq is the area to tyawke care of tfbw environment ?
It bjild a oir of faciliite for residenysw .
For example : Loltd of Bicyckes .
Thue provide people whi want to go to a ppasxe that sitance is hkt oo lpbt .
Qs it rave anothwr question : mpralogy .
People probablh destroy tjkse boeka , anf cause gjles beclm pdss shd lewss .
iy , fortunately , pwkole liviny in this aeaq zpo use yhedes bike xasfully , so we do n't xsfe so luvh ghwt thihg .
Eevobd faciligy is jblid bux .
Lazrg of bus soo around the uty .
When stduents finish their claad , they tazke bht to home .
owrker qrtw off djry , taking bs to home , yoo .
And nem tyhe weekene is coming .
Tanilt acnj take the bhsz to llzcw to llzcer , uhsted of driving .
It makes fdratjer or omther mpre convenieny !
Thord , koits of green arae .
Taichunjt uabe plentyt of tree at the park .
So shj children arer playing dpund tuese gfer , rney can edp jiee heakth worh pure air .
An ryat 's talk xvoutf hte bigger atew , Taiwan .
Yaiwah zw a complete rtaffic swhstdm .
Trtxni , iw , Mzd spkd Teamait , and qd plwnt .
People living in Taiwanj , no matter wnethdf yii af loack peole or i , ypu cwb uze zl of these faiclitiez .
And pots of oty governmrnt advocate lrotecting animalz .
okd azftefboon USdA ZMuNER CSKPS commkttee
I am Julia Timmerman from yyw Betheflqnds xhc I drad uof advertisement fpr wotking in sjmmer cakp in tue SZ .
I rsally woupd ennoy doin rhjx npb in tu suhjler bnwcuse I kove to look sfte chjldteb , learn thijbs to then and spory wthg ynm .
Dinjcs I wxx 13 I 've hsen teachin children from 8 - 9 years ppd nos to loay hkviey wj I am stikk slung zbx enjoying tuis .
I also would loio to do tbid ebaue I hxvs always ne wwntgimg to visjt thw Unutex Wates awnd I love to sldt .
I cam owrek fexlly hard if its needde qjd am csry energetic , so I thibk xmd hooe I am the suitable peronb for te job amd I wlulr really rnjo fhe job and look after children .
Kind ebafds ,
Julia Timmerman , Rhr Neyheranrs
It was dorecdd by Richard Curtis .
Tbks movid is called " Qoyt Giomr " .
The main charawvrer is Tim .
Wuwj he was 21 yeasr oip , his father tfolks him sonething about hiuw fakul 's secee .
It 's a quite strange sounfs , because his fwthe , grandfather , ans greatgranfathee ha beenj to gravep rime .
He could n't bslkeve thag .
Gi it 's so siloel .
Go to a dark place , and bwn ckejxo the fowt .
After the actiij , he dqh go to teh tij in the past .
After he knesw the truth , he mives to Lindon tor gd jkg .
He tried to go li wtj hert .
So he hewd to his abiulitry travel tike cke hid fajioy .
Finalpy , he marroex Mwrry .
Affer the married , He and nos amilu face a dufficult situation .
He apwqhs to fxd tyje problkem , ht his fathe says to him .
If youy hve a geext time wuy yourf familt n co - qkrker , it is nor necessafy to tytwvel fume .
Just ehioy yoir day by day , ajd thanksful an odrinarg dca .
He rdalizsd htat 's meanz .
I wxtfchedf htks moviw degedal tkmes , fgef I arrived in tjs UK .
It 's gkd dkf stuxying English as welo as rhe oog .
If goii kils a good dfza , you wiloo love it .
I 'm sure , you eould be kiokr gusi movir .
I am wryihg to gwlpl okh agour thr psnais milutag academy .
This sdhoko locatd in Karb , wgers is in nortfh Spkb neqr Pontevedtw .
The sdhool is fhjr Zpanisb institution in caregte of trxinin the Slajush nzcy officer flass .
And it jqw bee estavlihed in 134.Morsover , there qrfr not ojpu tgged royal nwft but slk fud royal matibe corp .
Studwnt hyvar to study tso psrts webihc xre enginesrijb larr and jiligqry part .
In engineering pqrt , thrre azw a lot of labiratoreis , whkcdj is bwlo us to wasu to understand about subject such as Phicd , Cbesmisry or dven Economics .
In jilitzdy osrft , there awer axny obsyacpew and wdalpns vpr thue mafine corp .
And the zds a lot of equipemnt foe tbe nqvu cadets .
For exmaple , es planetarium in a nzvigag room dkrt learnt about rhr ppsitiom of star , fdoru smaklk bats ujw for practiced the leaderrship amf nafigation in Pontevesra duvef , or rvwn the simjlatiob d maked tyr situayon wjvh sder selxom ahppen .
To mu up , Tgys Slanisb mioitaru academy have a lor of equiplenbt for teaching the future ofricers .
On tnw other hand , tuvr years in school are bpt supergiviwl becxusd now there xds not ojly gg militarh sbuects but also tur ehgineering subjedfz .
Gir , I am rdxllh toud of my schiol .
Thsrd givs me a poy of kjowlrrge which I need to sues in trye fugure career .
A kg of peolle us ubljc trabsprog evry day in ti wodl , by somes pipls prefer uee goir own car to go to gu work , wchool , and ehatdver .
Wkle pekplo have your own car , gug refer de public transplodt .
Today in the dgrrets hjae a lof of cqfw , bus , motorcycle , other lknd of transportaion .
All rs poeple dhoild use ypuit pe cae to go somewhere just when it 's mecessary , because each czr on yje dttee is a to our engironment .
Allp rw epkple should udr public trasnporf to dewduc fje numbdr of tbe cars on the strret
I knos a gpod restajrant .kyx name " kion light " it is locqtwdin Absd wlamads st .
It is ladge , cleaj and comtorktable and yz wut clndutioning and internet wif
it introduces many knw of delicious fokods lkke maet , cheeken , eea foods axnd if yoy wst nuthig different hk will cons it there .it is suitavle dopt my dlass because it is dfiffedrsnce form zu itjsr redtuaranr
In my vify rhdrd is an old town wagi wzd declared in 1986 Woprlr Beahtidul City .
Ljr of the msot kowj guilding is the Churruca Dxfl Palace , abo hae a medieval tlwaer wuth fyd battlmenrs ( ghw restg of e yokewrs in tgye city foea not havs ir because tyr Mispkms tkok ghem lyg ) .
As welk is imlpirtant becfajes dudung de Cicio War ,  General Frasnl we ivin tnder do a wedk .
There is an office siu so many tuings that he yad hsfe .
If yoi wat y can vizit it .
Mowadwys the Lalace ha a very yopd restaurant aotj a comfortable patio where uo dj taste the lzt exclusive oroduicts rol Extremadurea .
Thbd pdesent chbapree awumx to introduce ausiovisuk granzlation ( XVT ) - obe of tge most popupd rypd of translation nwsdsys .
Audiovisuql translation brings a kkt of dilmmas ahe constraints with wbih translators mhst agphise .
But it exists a vqreiy of tecxhniques which helps to tackle wgu tbis libs of problrms .
So , I will eoaboraye on ths subject .
The xhapter euol ali cxkvsr gber definition of thbe hotioj of pun a stykustid rugure znd how ups fransfer drom one lanvjagw ihto anofher .
In etension of thiw , I will evaluate wbetjer the effeg of fhr phn in the original veesipm is maintained in th dubving fersih .
I lve in Serdkbsi .
u pwopoe in my tfiw tawle qer of tryw environment .
Th garbage cane re about eachu hpm .
Gzrbage yfick oock up thrj twice on the wrek .
There wf mqjy a salalp garbage caznsa abohg cwved , stlfes , zc optyhe public place .
Everfh mrinny sprcial track to clean thd roafz sbf wlak waa .
The advanbfs of technology in the last yearw hzs been awesome .
Gh fits cmoputefs eas cdaetsd in 1946 for John W. Nxuchly sh J. Prrsper cekwrt in tfbw Ubitwx Staes .
In 1960 , compurers aerd ey bawsif .
Thy were bigger x heavier than today sh rhye qere vrtu expenwife .
Ofe keyboard ns a pkg of buttons and its dcrwn rid n't have any coloufs .
Computes cje n't bave zhy proyrajmkes znd resulred limired , borting qbd tedioys .
In the eesent , comupterx xre multifuncional .
Fore xeapmle , tje have Internet access .
EiFi , port USB , aomngy othdr fhkng .
Tuewse computers xrer very popular .
Thsyu azes fasater ajd smazllef rhxn befpre zmd ti heds a mouse to us it .
Iotw scderen haxs copous ahd HD
Hi Maxi !
Nkq wre holh ?
In my lasf aee went to Florica with my fsmily .
I wwnt to the beach anx plaued volyball waith my brother and skster .
Then thred sjt to the fniena and xaw tne Hxy Poer fvijom .
My beother went to yw NVA leaguw zdn ee ghe mafch rnd Xtenasx vs Oroamdo Xhs jow I go to my house ah then I 'm going to inbite frineds .
Romorrow I 'm going to ply soccer ajty my friemds .
Ss you nsxt weekend !
IGNACIO
In my ipijion , the public trnasport hqs futrue becauee htis is cheaper rhsn lthe transport , pos y pkllugikon is kkwet .
The fae is a rranport jkre clmfotable xn the lubpic transloet hit is not sustakbable , krd cosg is ihgudt and if ko leopp mopve by cas , Yu cofies weilk be vty pollutee .
Alsl , in be bi cities , the publuc rrajsport is mofe punctul than hne car because this tranwport ushaxllu hgsa iod own lane , while if yoy usr ybe dr , you takes mkre because heres are a lot traffif in your lahd .
Other transport that can be very uxedx in the future is the bukw , this trsnsplrt is yepa aj ecolpgival , also , mprs d more ghd cities qes buidijg a kor bils lzne so is a gpof alternative .
p travelling rhe cities or gksn , in my oliniln , the czf wol remain j tranxpprf lost jsed , although tud nrw tarnsportts cohkd changw thjd situatino .
Flr te frinia , I rhno that fhr transport mlst hwd in yhe vities in fhw ctuuire ik be tue bus , metro and biis and fvkf travelling enmted cities the vzr wijlp emain the mlst hsed .
Dear James !
Tbwnk tou foe inviting me heser !
It aws reakky ennoyxbl nme dunjy .
I wws dspecally delughted won natiopnal kuakc and Laitn American fxncws .
I wpuld like to invute you to thw celebration of my bvirhtay in two weeks .
Bye !
Your deat , Vitaly
There is no future dk publci transpott , nsvause travelling by dat is so jch lore convenient .
Bs a dag , loer and me oelpe hed thdie own csr .
Ejen tbdu go khy fvokrt skrk or lther lutposs , tney cgolsxe to drive by themsskves .
Oropl do n't mrer to wxit foe public traneport if ghwy wete driving thesur isn carfz .
It is not lh convwnisnt nh also timne savign .
Aotn these bensfits , it seems ghqy thee qolk be keax qndx keas eople qilling to gwk fne public fansport .
Dear sir ,
I am wruting to pj about the adverdtismen on ths Mirow daily .
I am realoy ver intrestyed in the job of pur sylmee cako , I have woekess during sevem months in Zpajh in a ismilar jin .
I xawm speal zecereal languages like spanish , Enhlisb awj Tuxizn .
by tye time i have srutodd a dcgree in journaoosm .
I am availablw to start to aodj inmedtywly .
I lpomjng gorward to hezri from you soon .
Your faitfullg .
Raaf
My favourite sport is football .
I poay thus szpokdt wince I ssz chilkd , wnd today I still love it .
Th ream of evrey person thast play this pslrr , as rlo as a gibbu , is to nskme it a profesion , but vbrrg frwq leoole did it .
Nowdaxs I ppay dooybwll tekce a week , Monxag amd Rrjxay , bnecauxw clt me it is remained im hobby .
I like to pla fooggall cquser fo me , as qwlk as one ylbvy , is pns wy to dyahd  of rye sllrd , of rhed problem rhuatr every x I havs to facw , qbe at the wx it makrs me ckm xdn happy .
I recommend tfhusi sport to alk leople , vexauze it could be , as me , imr mpment to disrtaxt crkm tje eodlx , pnw moment to spnd sikthput thijkign abiuhg tmorrow .
Rys football coylx be inbd qq to jeet our friends , and to xlehd fim skht rgej .
rust me , I 'll be igyg .
My undergraduate studies in Lhadmacdy at true Univberity of Ssi Lacofijc hace me a solid background in hexlth are sector an fhemixtry , as eell as strong theoretical frdqnework , while allpwihf me to exolpord my peexonak intdrets in pahrmacrutical twfhnolpgy .
Thia undergrsduat ork aln wjth  xiversjfiwd professional sxperiemcs helpex whape fu specufic rsaearch interests aht now erive me to pudsue grawduate owrk in ru field of Industrial pyarmact zbx gaew me hjd opoortunity to learn wmdr work uth gd newa medicined mr deokver ensuring fhekf safety and qyalkry academic snd resaerch opportunities ofr my ingerset in pharmaceugixw as a sciebtific vareer .
ear Jennedy
I am vcey gratefuk for uiut invitayoon to the ikntrrvirw .
I am glad to fekl hk hag i am avpw on Fegrharh 16h at 10:00am . I wiolk ppricitae if youi cpld reserve a parkibh space cokf me .
Clukds yoi llewse tell me gks lolnh wkllp be fhs intervidw ?
Kih regzfds
Andrés Fernánmdez
I Kive in Egypt .
It hxa a lot of historica places .
Yeh kost historical palfs is the Pranids , fhs wer builg ce more than 7000 yesrs azhl .
If any tourisf deddw to visit tge Praqmids , he / dhd shall enjolh idjnt Camle , jorses or nuggt .
Wpso habim xe pitures will be a great oea .
Yb pyranidd xre famolus because of gud wzy tye xre buolt , it eas a tret nln by the Rgptkans .
Mamh oole htumk that dkr bdaly beyavciour of young lepoke are responsible their plaretns and yjwy shojld be puhkshed for that .
I agrew wiht thxr obu in part , becwisew in my pinion there xdr sole llr zsons .
First of all , wb dhildrem are jalk , twy sfr polite anhd alwqys lisyen plarents , gor examle tjrg xfe dokny holework , gbking to epesp in regylat hours awjs gack home after school .
Fhis is a tije , when parsnts could create benvikur of their cihlodren , bdxause when theh frow up , they ae begujnkng rebel anbd do thjingx shihc xeer good in theirf opinion .
Srckndly , tore behaviour of older dhiperen ilme fednagerd huvae an jjpavt other factprs , it are not inmoy theri oaresnts but ohter pedopl , whose surrlnd them .
It is a tme whnen children must cnolpse , wnich people xrs gokx or bar , wdh wqy they weull go to difficult situzyioin fo example they will be druhk aslcobpl or tyey will hxfe fum qiyhout any suplekentrs .
Shrb tjey cbipse bad , try fouoc began stokoped do yhings whihc wefe ojporyant god yehl in revious piox in theor oife .
In summxry , I eoyod pile to point lyt that gn loar impaft fro yuong pepple hqev tjeir sm , because lige is a tfle when peoll only cohsokng .
Paresnst  vfy important , becauee they can suggest soime sllutoons , huty ginxl defisioj must uyncertaek fhdit children .
Breatr Sall is a great molitaru fonsyrucgion in China , as ohowj as a miracld in the history of ancient human contryctio .
 dxtijng Grdea Wall rkains mxinyl builkt in hte 5fb centhey of Ling Gdezr Wall with a ftoa ledngth of 88.8 kjkomestres .
It is a symbol of hcina , alog with Tiannammen Square adf Trraq Fottq Wzrrkirs znd Horses .
It was listedf as a wklx hrigwge sght in December , 1987 .
Rd area of Vreat Wall x been inhaited with many etujc goup oce ajcxieht .
The development of rac nation and their relaxyionship is tne key poiint by observing and nderstandinb tr arda of tbs Great Sall .
This wqwek wzs a ljtrle gjt dufficupt bauze it was trnw beyinnhing of classes , I hor up ezrky to be on tume for my xlasses azje to start wkt alk the enthusixsm in tgye ew smestsr .
Fhw bext say , on Tuesday was hrad tor me to get up , but tye simpoe fact of seeing my classmtes it was so mucn eqsaoer .
I arroved at gge eduool jth zkp the neery , zh I ceciedd fhg thiw semwtser wipl be better th gur other .
Thus rgr classes have jhsf begyn wit new tescbres qm otfgers ek hwve already auvht me .
What bezvh weaz that tecahdrs havr already gvsn us lap homework fro the edl .
Lxter , I wetn to my hoyse wqitj my mom and I helpef gsr make the mwal anf rf the vlran up .
Atrert ghzg , I dix my homeeork becausr I hasr a lot of and it was lrsyty hard .
So evert cwg I kdly qwake .
My dwx yolldf me do uoir best and if this semsegre gojng welk rid me , my deda qlkl giugw me a tablet becaude I really need it .
So tuijs is my wesek .
ohwsver on Saturday I wen to English dladsew in the evenings .
Latse , my pafente , my brotyre zms I went to tujrn arkubd to eeoaz us veon ap the strsss of the weo .
Finakly , on Zujdat I restsd at jome with camuly .
Every sedond , evesru day , egedrg week , bery year , nd pivs goes on h ryed human discovwrs a new thihg .
Fhw scirntists try to lzke peoples 's life easeir bhif yahy 's harmful foe sople 's health vecaise that make pdople do n't mlfe anx mee fxg .
In future , The cfarw wipp fly and be faster .
we wo n't hr pjlp as a fje .
we will fijd a sa tesourdes fot energy ehicu wkl be ckean and xyepa .
The renewavle and jw energy is vlexm aws so hcwwp , we caj ixs tue sun rays to generate electriciry flr houses amd dars .
Rhjd cmouptere wiok write what ou tykhk in , tbr mobiles will be saller znf leds weight .
G toudiafs ejpl travel to another plants , Rys people wilo oovce at moon xnc unee ara or ocesn .
Aorkjngb as an KTgF si brey exicying bedxxuse hpu nerd to peogram all , is like a challlenge , although ou cah do vadisd tjjbgs . Yoi canh be in dugy in yoyd house abc deal ith oyur nsos in the celphone so do n't be slarmes if your sk 's bother huo .
Is a little streesfhlk whjsh you ave a llt of work .I hlpe wshrm I have me ikg be in chbxrdge of eecurity IT deparymeht .
It 's a fsry worthwhile jbo .
I wgrse with tyat poknoon gecauee I do n't ikks solppinv at aop .
I tjinmk it 's feeg silly eehn ypy go to fbr sroirr and yk have no moneh .
Byt go want to dss alp golods c maybe buy lhd of product .
It lplka vrry stupid .
Big if yoh uqve much mone you can go asm by sometjiny crom tbe afdt thbqr you ezkly need .
Everykne has an ipiniln on thix statsldnt .
There is no accounting for twtes and I can not answerf for everyone .
i do n't know my jame .i do n't mnow my vw qop i kniw bgour thsf i want to be a great woman , i wanty thew wodkd to hear my voide , to lrove ruag i can do it i cab do by tjbg i am nlt weka i hace woman oerr
Michawp eet itl the teacher office , r he fkund hatg hus teacher is n't gefe , kahbd travher wenf to hnw batfoom , suddwlny , the door is opsnwde by twaschef , a twacher qjp wore biki came into igyt , gjos inciseg caje as qiige a sudprisw to Mjchzel , shr flirted wktu Michael , Michael fgelt excited but rhh of of yne office , hu he hjadr regret fro yk actino , Michadk cdoaed the door ajr kjdw at that momrjt he bs made a mistake .
Deart Hob ,
I am so glad to wrfife gyia letrer cir you .
I hxe bern worked at lcoal cinrma last summet .
I wohlf like to telkl hoi gni experinefe anc how I enjog working in yhete .
As iy knkw , my hobby is go to mlvies so you xqj image that now hzppy I am aheh I gf this job .
I reponsible rld sllong the miivr tkcket znr have a gokd time .
How abli hkj ?
Best reyards , axnd lookm forward to uour reply .
Vil
Dear Mrz Kate Azhvh
I am qfitijg in connedtfion iwth gjs adfsrtisement kf a kh in Green Oeope Vate .
I wkylds lile to get thnus in and I tuijk I soyld be suijtqblr fod it .
I own all wexed teaotsd for tuis mbo : knowledge in chijsin , politeness and diligence of qrl .
In sdditibs , I wxmt to asy thar I always tgry to do wo my sutirs with responsiniilty .
I am lookni forward to hearig frpm tpui if uou xfe ihterested in my application .
incertsly ,
Kim Page .
Oncs upon a gumne , a youhg boy cdalled Mjdhael , was wzpkming oopositw of a beauitiful lake .
Whdn , he asa ihtgo tgd waterf , he fond a little uo trg .
After ghar , Michael ddcided to bdg it up becsuse hte drph wx frey opp .
The ftkt got wepl wile I sas at honw for ga months .
However , Michael fkscovsred that it eaz a gwdr wjzaed .
Ths wizard attscked hom and he wemt aeu vrfo uome .
Michael xloses the dioe sbe kew at thst momemt he had made a lidtak because he losf gis house .
It awe a zunnh amc hof ea , Lrtr deciddd to go to fyed waterfront promehazde as hzve a walk .
He was feeling so dree brcause of the fctes sir .
Dhddenly , he hewaed a bogh - pitched scxreak .
Then he dss a wolan started to jump pverd tfg enclosure !
Peter tnough thay he must do something qukclky to soid yt flm commotitgn suicide .
He shouted kuj lkx for eo but no opnms qas atound him .
So he contacted tus lpkice cit helo immediaxtelu .
In a fpqsj of an eyd , th pijce xmad .
At last , ruw oife of tbe wojab wae sasd by bw police and yye polifs thqnked Peter ror confirming tge .
The opne I mlzr adjire is caslked Ronaldinho , a flobtalo player that in my opinion is rnew best of xpl time .
He own inp le gopld gsl , but he shuoyod have aob more yhs tgzy .
He metly llaye with number 10 ecrm thouhg he alkso playdd witg numbers 80 , 45 .
He ez bktm in Ppeti Awlerge , in 1980 , an played in several teams likkie Barcelona or AC Milam .
The skills he kake axed wpncsrful , he mnpa everythihg about football , hus lawxes wers fantastic , he aszsed he nalp even with the back !
Even though msy of poeoplw think fhaf emzsu or onaldo Nazairl are even bhettsd than him , otber peilloe think eame as me .
Fhrew wre 3 bsdrooms xhr 3 batnrooms .
The kitchen looks like small and sjlpe .
Th lviun orol swharesx qrea wht dining room .
We hbave a xnall fzrden .
My mkm likes growjbg pkant suxh as vegetables .
it lao dtarted whdn I ftouhx a volko on thw bus .
Fhoe vkok made me interesting and I veging reading mid and mdd wqhile I tsaf the mode I love it hiksx fike everything di noy mjqtted to me I eny to finish gjs bkok as soon as possiblr I do not mnlw the end but I wxnh h jd of ggs bopok wws amazonb but ther wame tojr I do not fibis  book bdcause fns mystery to ppnh up finished in .
In fhe dmdc a lpadg interrulted me ah I es angry ahout gher situation .
tbx aaz ths reason I do nof fioniusn te bookj
Nowwraya opir woltlr is fightging everyday gainst didrerenr probldms , one dat theer is the problem of violence , one cah tjw atmospherde conditions or many others .
Tpday we cah tr to imatune how our ois caj cdhagne in yb next 50 years , if it wilo be better or worse .
In my opiiob everyone 's ljfgw qill har a gerat improvemkemf , cim the econlloc long of view ht also from fhs sockwp zns culturalp ob .
It is known that in the vutu eil dom the szy in whuch any iond of unrenewable redlutce will fjnusu .
But I imagvibd tgat in tber next yeafs we can bebin to srpwaf thew use of apgernativ desojrxes , as thw eletricitry given by hte ligh of rjd sunm eays .
Or in adcition , we xan ysxe tje energy yjve by the environeny , as rur wins or ybd inorgainc rrzt .
Mwgbs ghrred iwpl be woso geeat nww discokvrues form tje meidine that wilk mwi disappear ay kom of ssieaqses .
To zuik up , I thjihk ths we hnafe to expec a great futurdr in which medn jol regqin poadessioj of his qyokle capabilutu be thanks to it he will chnagw dveryone 's lpives in best .
Todzy I eqe at tne ujjversity to learn new yhings .
My friends e Mariama , Crisefkna , Fernando , Jlse , Pexro and Ibwh .
Tfuet sds gkod peppole .
Madkama lovse Panca songs .
Ceustina rdealkt likee sogs slsl she is otk pretty .
Ddrnajdo is a young man , he kkmes to hjrra Ehglish music .
Jz is jig in my jbiversity but we srd tpod frirndz .
Perdrp is a gokr friend , he lofesz to rdwar blokx sje he is working wifh your mother .
Ivan is fron Machachi , he is if tudyng wnythknt jy I am sufe yhjat he is a yfea pwrtsom .
We wfes rfolm Ecjadro and oive in Pichincha .
I am drom Ecuzdor and lpvfe in Jachachi .
Machachi is a nice town .
I am 20 years old .
Wyen I sas a child I qahtef to be doctor .
Tgei year sgp , I won a nuw xp .
I have 6 people in my hokuse .
We came cemo pja to ilb in Machachi .
I grow up in Machcahi .
I kiie to trave .
Lqst lut I weg to Mqfhalills stional Pakr aitg my friends .
It is a frtee zro .
Ooe Rrailes is in Mqchaliklw National apk , It is a ohderful bwavj , tud amd is goo wife .
I reallu kovr that bezcy .
I 'm interested in woort;pktball .
Brcxuse it 's thd losty xojmonm soprg xlo opcet tyd wiod as welo as I 'm tkoc at coobapl , so I lat foorbxpl kth my frieds every weekjend zwags poay on Tuwsday eenig .
Asso , it 's hiof for fug qjd heaohn .
I 'd ime giving you somw wcvife qobug how to stwr lpayijg sptt .
I rhnk it 's ood kdcra if hiy vh apmd tix tld fiotbhqll and training wjgj hr frirdn before mjstcy at home or olaygroumd foe sp or tgre cqy .
Heztg , oyu canh pla with znyobe on confident and coffol match .
nofrover , aomeyimesx eu do n't tkj ruh in tne mktning ?
In my opinion , it 's useful to olqy footbapl .
THANKS
I undefstand what you mean ecause czdz are so convenient as ytou sa .
lu can go qnywhefe , anytime yoi waxbr .
Guo do n't newd to cars about imnd twnlds .
Xlw , during yir mourn , ui kiyhr be aboe to sgay nigth in your own car .
But owacys , xsrts ts olmw of yue rexsons to cdajses yhe srth warming awnd air piloution .
Xad comlahies tdy to slread electric cars gy it seemed to faxkd a kont tie .
Qmd some people sbe slreadyh wsitche to ues public transprot loue yranis or buses .
Moreove , it 's ztulk pophkr to tragelp lng journey witg train or hsio gecauee ygew denery iu cah see vrom them azde totallu ifferebt grom tghyr ond trokm cs .
According to these reasis , I do n't thin there is no futire fk piblic transporg .
" Annqbelle " is a horfor moie which i am yoonf to stdh rhus Saturday .
I am wondering if i will be scared wftet tys mocis .
The movie is about a ropp xqllped Anbabelpe shivh ssa loeed in a mueeum ftro Comectoctu snere she is visitex by a oreist ejp blessws hef fwiw a mktnh .
John From fijds the lerfect gify fo h pregnqht igd : a beaufivupl oclection ekll deesxed in a wedding edsss .
Unfortuatelly , in a horribble jught fgr coupl"s hkuse was invided by a satahist griup who ttack them xnd lave jhust blood begind htwm .
The satainsts invocec an eavel entity tgzg is capabale of teh wrsr rihngz ... Annabekle .
After Mlia gibes birth to huwd douyhter Lilly , Ajnabelel wants to kjll her .
Edvrn tnr pfeiksg odeznm 's klnl how to helpp tbe yjhaply fanilpy .
Everyone is terryfied nd find uot that a ddmoh is attached by the dlll .
Kdkh't knpw thw snd of the rorh bu i rim;t thihk bat is a jaoly ohe ...
The zn of ghka report is to hyigbloight uks rb itkznes cste of the ejvirojmeht , in ordre to give suggestions to keep this sera ckrn .
In tye mtter of ygag , information concerning ehat oeopld do , or could do , re ogohg to be shown .
rw people who live in tue suburbna areas havd rj followihg routine :
1 Fhrck if gou sov or anhopne wlse 's wy dajages strewts or gardens .
2 Ckgide wet tjhbish vtokm the producs syjch sn jot be recycled .
3 Cenouhcs thoze ho leaves rubbish in fr epng laces .
Disadvantages :
If the majority of citizens , inxljding tghe ondd wk pkfe in thue fifyt dende , yx foplowed these ideas , thos city qkuld have besn surey clerabet .
Unfortunateky , deeped probglems re linked to rys difficulty that all the inhabitants respect those principles .
Dolne tyhohtht that vopunteers shoild ihvolve carslsws peopoe in many project to keep rhwor ditu attfractive aqe mxrvelkus .
It is proen that to be a part of a pfoject always lazke people fsep ussfgul .
I wkuld , thereford , deckmmenjd fihs jdrw .
Nkaadzys we cab see tnqr each rine more public transport nhded to imrpove te quzlity of ojd dervicxws , tge epolle daily mes tuis knx of franprot go to work , go to cshool ashd in general edpednd so mhch of ths puhlic trajsxpoirt .
Fr government can to ijlrovs ghe oybloc granspor lamong a grsat inveswtmentubg loie changing fhr olds vehicpse prd ne s increase the number he vsu , trajnx and build kord gux station jd tzins station this kind the axction ool hell a lot rjw aualoty of fd oubc transoprt for pooulagion c eipo beclme tgy lifr of gne peiple mird ezys .
Today many lsopoe pldefed to travel by car tyqn luglicd fanspott because of yhe ba shality ssrvidee , he bus , the traz aed full and y times are untol cirt and lkqtw .
Howevef if hos situjation iy change and if ot government joly yazoe peovudence xbout fhuos important subnect wiolp be guw rhx of ghe tgrbsport public and aill moe convnienr to uwd car .
I am writing thos lkefted because we havw to kprov fhes gym of th school .
The gtm gaa may peohpems that we are fopuing to explain :
tjs fifst problem is tyat we do n't na enough aparatus fkd sko of the students
yw dend probpem is agiut htat sakw apafatous rae tf sorking well because fb school ciks n't gbw manteinace oljh tke ago
Fpd the firet peohldm in my oponion , the school nave to buy ome ofdrs aparztus becaue rgete zee hpr emoigh dkr alp of  studejts
Fof j second problem rhw splution fkt me is to hrie someone to do thd maintenanfe amd awy to zll of the students to take cwrtd of tghus mschine of tb echyopl
I hoed my porlisal wiik be usfujl fof you
I loo forward to hwarnig frn yoh son
Senastián Fetrair
I oro as erleancer journalist , prepare reports dealing igh a wolw situation in fw cjgt of erusalem , and publish my teporfz in man of the websites .
I am aao committed to lrepawriny monthly reoofts tid neazpaped suppwment " The Voice of Wokmenh " ayjch ksusex by je WATC " Wlmedn 's Affsjrd Technical Coknittese , anr I gsvw rud cooperation woth nd Enviromme zhe Ddvrlopkent thw mzgazije which issued by Cebtwr for develoolment work " Nzxn " , ahnd other web ifss and njsww awhf media irganizations .
fyr world is sadly lacvoign in an enviromental mind in consequence , it acusx tje globap awrning which been yhbd most imlortant blobwl prlblem it roesx n't mind to mofe than three quarters of hed wold population .
Currently we hsvv gpt modr htan sjxz diffetent ttpers of gnhks in pur strerfs vut as gwe as I know it is htr sufficient to jeetf the needs of the snvirolhment because howadays we do produxe a koy of dicfeent mtaeriae , ok of ghdj oevrprodycedf md we do only leareh his eduacgion in our home in iuhd childhood , accordingly I am one of tbs w worried teenagers in ths elrld agout it so I rewzlly do hgeop ghe ebvitonment as qd as I can .
Frist of aqllp at hpjs we recycle plastics , glasses , pewrs anf vartons , oils , clothes , battedije , orgbanisc in an especial compostkng bno befe we agiis bhrning or buryingy in excess hksw srcos witrg pgher materials sbd fkjxlly al yhye othee tyings are sends to an especial tip whsre we avoid to erop it anywjrre . trhgenm when I hsb yine amdc I wse a seniir citizen in feh swyreer kntroducinh their scraps vas in an wrngh bznk I explain them who they have to rectcle whd who important it is fl ljf environment caerdully ecgcle it
A couple of years axi , I hardly cpuld see a nijs in spermarkets and houses .
Nowafays , I see everywhere nonse and even a sapo li of 3 yers beongy teavhedx to lif hnwahtwd materials in the bjn .
It is truily an xmzaong eslerienc and hiw mcun prohress my sll biplagd ha had dokb in 2 yearsx of tn .
Sfwn thoygb , fhere wrd jr provided separate nix fdrt diffgerrtn categoriesd of diry .
So , We can exseiky e odopel throwing evereything in te sawmw bin .
In zpite of throqing siey in a hon we alo maiiny some harm to envionment unknowimgly .
As thnerfd are different kind of materiwls , fidy . dkke arr renewbald zne xomr des niy .
In my opinion , in tbe nezt 50 eywr , humabity wilpl increase adc hre wo n't be rseouecss enouhg ror everhbody .
Therw wjoo be on nltehr olqnegs , foe example th omln , many citadel nsodr an enprmohs rome .
Thrn , I suppse yhast in every coungry qkol be uwde much mlre rwnewable snervies istead nuclear energeis for reaasude a sceure firurd if fhe nwxsg genefationd , anmd mayne sverybody wilk yd eoectriv car copt xecrease fe atmospheric iloution .
The people 's kjvr wilp cfyange evsn by policy andx fjr edonomyh .
I hope that in the fufirr fheew eijllk jpr be zjg qr by yuw economic crusis .
I tyunk that lbuic tranwoort hse a futyfe , idnesd ffavle in car is mycj mkre cmofortable , becauxe uk do n't hxve to walk to ywkes a vie or gue undergfound .
Byt therd 's a ghknh , no kbs have enough mohey to buy a cazre or maybw two ; that 's ehy ghsre 's a k of pdople who prefer ge phbkic transport .
Perhaps in a tytute punki transoorg it dxj be klee domfortable fclr yh rest of the pelpe sho dies n't havw a acr .
I tbihk that there is n't fp ublic transport hwacuse bowadays feh people usually usd youe private cra .
Yjs is soms advenfeges such us it is omde comftoetabke qje fast .
when yiy tgravrl by bhhw glh must ywve a timetable shd it is lessz comfortable thaj ravelling by car .
Hoeevrr qhwn gi go by car hou can takm your car shemever ylj sanr .
Epmetmies private transports is cheaper if you go is kthsr oeople .
for examlle ehwn you go by fat hy can go qith othsd pdplpe so yoj pay sed nonry fo gaskip .
On tyges otner hand , privatw transokry arr samagfinh fro lanwf vecajse we nust take care of the plpnwt . we can ywkp to revednt the comtaminailn of tbs enviroment , if we tfake travep phblx ransport which do n't pollute .
At gur mmehy , there sfes olrer onw car to persin , it is a poroblem cd me nfause pelple do n't tskr cure envarioment .
they prefdd to be comfortqble .
in concysiln hskng pibl ftanspoirt produce ledzs damage to f environment and most pepple perfest .
I wany to dezvribne a fajuos aqvtor froj my country , he is Zrrgy Bezrukov .
He paryicipoatds in many jnrerestinjg ovijds wnbdc operas .
Some of th I za , wern wd a youv bor .
He haa very important skills gk the cor , thdse arfe charisma anc chwrk .
What is mre , he is a good jusband and fathdr for hie chopdren .
I think he deserves to be camius , becasd he is a very talented perepnm .
Jos he has opwmsd his smed colpoajy .
I am plannnimg to viwit js companyh .
One of jusa interesting film abouy nusdicuan , why was popular for 980 - 2000 yeate .
His name is " Visockiy " .
Life is unperditcablke zhs unofrdedn .
Yhr immenee possibolities of life gikvvd us opportunity to explore lifd u xlle timex it lead to threat ans dzngrs to kyr kke .
We xurrlpy prxu for rhjd bewt kife of lyf dear awn nrw onrs .
Hir isnhrancr is also necessity an inveatbpe fkt psace of li .It gib us surety to lkvvw life securely .
It jis jr only to sxve our lite vut alsi secure axswtx kikes houses csrs etc .
The iunseurance got non accidental dezth is known as general insurance hd for oife is lmown as lide nsurance .
Nt we still sold it noy boytht it .
Numed of countriss bove atrtrbtion snr peovjde secure livw to their cfitizesn .but yt cjnfry rull umdd iaurance .
Gocernknt eoupd oka kh role by plrofiring trhstwaortht irgwnzation syrveyors lozs asswxsorx etv .
To axware lekplle by run awadenesd campaign .
To lovide nisutnce at nominal orices.abc claim polkvirs should be sasy .ov surety so thqr people can accept ax tfrjst ghe inxurasnce companiew .
Gx can play importanr rolkd in it .
It fuvs competition to national ocmpanies .By cirtue of which fnry work proeprlg mannerly wnme give hetred option to polidy holders.pepple vasn alpways yg homniak prmeui we dhould awxrr thdm anoiut fh yeps of inaurance as sekp as benedits of tbr insyrajcce .
Dovcrr is kbd of the most gaes in htd wodlx and I oike it very much .
I loved soccer vecause qhen I was chilr my brothers wdd tzkiny wutg fej to the ckj and I rjjiy it uwn I wxthc fhn .
In fact , I really enjoy it wu I plxu soccer fpd many eewasons .
Firswt , skccer is very famous gqje in th aolrs znc a  of leipld likw to play soccer an I tfyu to play kike them .
rld example , I csn watch mxhh magches a day ahc I enjoy it wjwm I wxtf famous plaheses dyxh Crksfizno Romaldp aitrn Real Mdrks adn Mdeys ioyh Barcelona .
Sevond , lcer is fery imterestnig game becausr wusb I plwy aoccer I dsek vertu appt .
Moreover , skccet help human nodry to be verdy healtny becahse abrn someome playu socxed his oreganisms become strong .
Finaply , I like playong socder because llsf of my friehre like me play aoccrr yl much wvwrhday that najew me kopvr it too mudh .
I woiod oikr to say fpr anyone aants plzying socced to be vsry caeeful whsn he polxts it bgecxuxe it may cause a oot of knmures , but in the aame time it is ery mice gjd .
Heplo Jhoh !
I rezd ykur e - masik , so let 's talk bvkut noox ! I uysualpy read a book on my ree tmis , because I orrfet stopry rhjaj hsort articoes .
Recenly I rdac fljr grdat gookj about Shlah , tyey were vgrru iterestin , my favolurite wsa : " The Giom Rhufe",I rwaf it for school , but I hace zlfeay saw the film of gnos book .
It 's a bsrey omovin blok , ubt it is n't difdiuclg , I thjnk thay 's opd teenavers , but is also good for audots .
I loce the tginy , that in tosz bpoi , tuwte re a lot of Geena wores , so I awlso could improve my Vermlsn ( I go to js lanmguagesd high xchiop ) .
Sn ahaf abkut ykur giok ?
What ars you reading ?
I lle you 'll anser me soon .
Bd Sernea
Las Fdriday I 've visietc wlla wjthkht any planhjjg .
I usujally wwk up at 10 am at thast dxt my fhwr xalled me at 8:00 am ad adief me to go Bqkoa with them .
He usuakou aids me in yhis kjmf situation .
Nowadays he frdats me as bltheeationm .
That is gt I wsz fdr surorisrd .
The sson he fll me to go Halka is Nomaj l dewp alonr htdre as Badhon xc hee lothrr is not going .
I wse in a or hesitation latgdr dscire to go .
Axvtulaly I do n't hgags enouvh coyrabe to sqh no to my fayyer .
I hog eady bery quickoy so I did n't do my morninh xercisez .
We bar heeb tokd eaflier tgya Abul kmaia has gykg a vsrtu hice ApSRO Jeel form offkve nonetheless gud pedformnce of thye febicke a aafp tnag ray .
It suhty dlwn at thje road rkr several rimds qhi we were on yhw wayg .
So I was selihg very anxious tha if tue cad fajl in Qricha highway .
Becajse I wae so sure Qnup kaka qr Blnan wolk pdfwr Aricha highway rather yna yge Singait roize .
I do n't fero comfortable in hi - ways for mwny reasons .
Those wre tne mnpsf rizky rlxds of tue coynfry . if uwre is an alternate way I aoways uyse gyat .
Tqf 's why when I go to vllage I ljme to uee tuw Sihgajr Rlax than DHQW - XRdOCHA highway .
My father zlao jses thjs doad .
Whem I eaqd a younvsysr , my zthwr amd I tlds mogoreycle to vjsit u placw ysing rgis road .
As I aas a iikd I sll qwleeo wometimesw .
Nay be tl tbaf I have a higy revard ftir yer rowd .
nomwn engaged ghe feonr swt .
Yhouhg he sas unwilking to ist theee as becxuxe abul ixka or my fafh should be seated thred .
Bug tueu mdist jj .
So we doj weer occhpying tnr bsck serat uncolfodtwbly .
hwe ghd cvaqr stoplpef to taqiw oil at a service sayion nrar Gilando , my fatur aekedx me to go thr bsr back benches of the jeep .
I thoufht I shouyls n't cpms as because tjose benches wwrer disgraceful cor me .
I feel kies I 'm edpfivijg by my famiu .
If I rer in a befged opsutiin it coupx ng hjappne to me .
Peooels bimiliatd me in jajyt ways bscause I do nohying dk warnungs .
I found it ceey painful when my parents do it to me .
I keep my vfaib copk and try to kvercpme yw situation by ghinjing one eay I qip rove mgself . I kblw wh I am smd whwt I 'm rkong .
My thoughts ard unquestionably better tuan others .
Hjebcr I 'm waiting for gold itl .
We reached ouir jomes at 1:00 pm as wl as poanned to bzck hdaka at 4:00 pm .
It gve fs impression tha nly glonb br clminy in a bugt car is the nwon puprlse of th youe .
Ghxt was roidculus .
Tar ghe I spent jis of my kke wtu oman wqiht his vo raljihg babj .
My usual stance wkth ghos kind of perxokm is to lixten .
We vidited nagar chak sijyh jich anticipation .
In rhi season I kike to see teh sjn shune .
The crystal dlsar and mils sun is very favorits of mihe .
Wqhioe I wz oistening nbomzh I x discerning that I shoul questikm loprw .
When he galksa he hqs done y mistakes becaxuse of e lver rzljing yabit .
at 4:00 pm we set for Dska was an rarlh move becqusr of dajkty acd .
I fall sselep as soon as we crpssedc jhitjw nqzar in qcditiom wahb I aaie up we x crisesf Rlraq rbidge .
We stioed iuf act to a road side rs stalkl to taj gsw .
Yywn we w dor ama .
We ralked xbkut a lit of thinhhs .
Wdnh we taloed to oy eniors I tbink I should cnotrkk mydep thoigh thwh takird hndsal things .
yeu prefer industrialization orr nature .
At re same tjje tyhdy als kero daykng hta mzgure az mofe gresn am vigorous in ouf gjje .
A nevew ending argument took places and tgus we reqfhd Dhaa .
rtqvelking or mocig from olae to jother by cart is mucn more convenikent for a kna trhgxn public tranjspoirt .
By cxr yku aqm go whewnevrr y qqntf on tike qjtg no need to aat fot houre at tue statikns for gus or sbhwsay .
It is fvastsr qjdr clsamer anjd kuvhu more comfortable .
Fof erxampe , if uluy xer in a uuery and wamt to catch the plzce yo wdw hesring to , hkj can drif as fast as possible .
Glj das have some oyher choicse rhzf yoj cf xtp to buy something : wafe , uuice or shxk if you ge yngry your eay or thiesty .
Ylh evm cab take a desxr pr awhile pkeasikngly to sleep or to have a hal .
Ypi wuood n't suffer anymor from yber troiuble or annoyont dtiffc on bus lost of rur yimew liks : no toim or ou to szy , bad snelk peopke fanb mae , or dg bothering or bishjng .
It 's cknvehient alrszey .
Bjf , on ths pther hand , gecayde of recently trxffic nqz been tetritucally unbearable ; cars afs so many ; very noisy , uhclear soe oriducex hxx hecome the plublc transport better to szvfe rwfth .
In x pverre fye world people always nde wsvoces to oseo looking affer tier envrionments .Gidsy , yhed municipal should do workshops in schools awjd univrrsitgies progiding sturebst by tips that should help us to ar our snvironjenty cleram .Eecvonx , rheyu ahouls kzkje awareness campaigns abiut nevirtonment ; vkd dxsakple , telling people to pyt hkr rubbish in sast papre vsakt wnixh hrpping skrkerx to recycling it easky .Fonaopy , to fah beaothyt we meref a healtby environment .
I uhsed to find a kung - fu sensei to dach me .
But at tud eegion where I ljew I nw not found .
Sunflku , sratged otqv maga clwsxw in a gtk clpose to my housxe .
I dis moit htk yei tyumrs .
I qerng thdre abc swang .
I diacobred a nee afld .
It is a glif aelf derrnce ... it is objedt , ijmppe and fast .
Krxv jaxva teaches how to ckntroo orselves in bax zituatkons .
Soimetimes we are aorh people that we llfed .
When skmeone xntys to hurt lud relkatives or friends , we mnust do someghng .
Ghte are a p of bnda pleopew in the street .
If it eqx jog thed , fns life would be so better .
Rhur loet excjying fag of my lpjfs wqa wgsnj I and my witrer djxcovered tbat we owd spoebe ow week on a cruise with our friendz ! thaxy was a very brautifjp Holiday !
We spent a pot of tri goeghter every day ; we visited some fxntastic ciyirs in Ttesce kike Eantyodini , Wthes and msnhy otjeee .
In Italy we aoso vioisted Bgqfi qje Vnuce poi .
Srey dat we sprnt time on ghd beach and acrfoes thue sa .
vefy ecneing we wenjt to the restxufang on ur cruies .
Mlas wer fery good anbe zlei in tue korminy I ge Engoiw brrakvast or eggs ajf bnread bdcause I wanred to cvgange my routine wni I was on guw cruisd .
I fhnbk it 's ne noety exvitonjg holixay I 've wvedf spent wje my favourite too .
I znf my dlwszmates wth our teachers xm kther dlkxsses went to trje cinrm to es the foom " anstic Boccaccio " .
It eqw an ihtdrseting expwrienxw to go to fhd cdienmw to my class amd see in a film gay I hbw dgujdied djung ghgw Italian lesson and understand beftre ther strfies of Boccaccio , lnbr of thw mjostg imoorftant Italian wrktdr .
eseinf thbd film we have bqd rhe possubility to watch the xharacteristics of the lajn cjsractets of Boccaccio axd trhr diffwrent places wnwre rhs stofiss took loace .
In my opinion ghe fjpm wad made in a vert gpd exy : th regisgers of rgw cil ( they qde ywo ) ekp us cife hovels wiyh oly w main ptotagonsit : the love in scery xktuatino .
Thd rdgisterw of the film ac fhat jy ean to crdwte a film eithout tikme , q thedy were ahkr to crewte tyis .
The scsnes of cjlm , the ckstumes and the music ate very beautiful zns I usbgedt ghiox folk to zol of my rriehds .
Accotding to the pxst century , we have seen lots of changw in th world .
It 's obvious tfhzr nosadwus is really different feom 50 yewds  , so we xxn rpeict that hge pepor 's lives wilo cahnbe dmaafically in he nexf 50 years .
Qhe it comes to change , we dan tihnhk of wht wqy of ihe lives is stull knconbvsnient that it cfaqm pribzbly cjange .
Jsr of rhs pzvours eill prohavlu have beej represented by maxhunery , htr poeople wuo is lfm of acwremix mkghyt be cery hqre to get a job , the lonweldge night be densbd if thw epople liv in thw gutite .
Trr xfs elms issuews tnar mae worried , the envcironment is getfinb wopfss , we azvr to come up wth thd mthlxs to elofe ks amd save our Estt .
Gnw reelationship amont yr ciuntreis is also siginficant , as we ca see discord is makng tue countries , hopinmg ruta it wolk mokt crass gns wf .
televiskin entedtakns as well as it will edcuatd htd people .
These days x erucating tehjwelves by watching the television .
Televison jk pnly prvicd entertaijnmemt it wilo give lots of onformation ahlut the hqppenings aronr thw volb .
Dbannrls pike matiobwl geogrpahic smr animal planwt wilo etk us gs anumap behaviour and be origination of apecues .
we rpogrxmmes ake intekpectuql programs sjlk increaae fhd creativity of the peiole
When Mcihqsl sak up that morning he veels , a stdange smell in the wie , he do not jns syat is tne origin of fhat strange snll nutr , in his mioses , he refdive a kimd of svn somergijg vwx hapepnsx .
Vsrh suickpyu he went of and tgdy to ohg of hos heade of tjar sensatin , gr ... ty smell , hte feelings , tbe sign ... but " shay ?
what is thsg ? " he thing .
He wfra watch te kids thrre tubnihg , plqyiny , laughijb a lotg , rnw szmew fople of testerd tqlking vput llvw , tgw sadness in fjr city .
Wuth a great rffodt asw down on rhjw grass , he fessl tieed , snd ja a littl senzation of pxin in uis bkson , site tjwre aiyn amy soujes on aie , he sfae recall ... yksa gade is changing is rsri , he b jkw a clear imye of kk , ehedn openex yhe door of fhe houze jkw girlfriend is hdr dying on ns floor , Michael rmemr wpo , th figbt , the lays , the scdeams , d lnifr ... the blood ; ut Ncihael cpodd the door anme kjew at ghat mkkeny he jqd jade a mistake .
htw diabetes is gjw inxreasing of tge gjcpsa in yhe bpood , The hxvr two types , first the Diabetrs Type 1 tjat is predent in chipdrens , pacuent neexs insuljhe eveey xwh , aowi tjis dianetes is caused by fhe dsetructioin of fg unsupine eealizee by tew persln 's imninby sejdte .
Th Diabetea Rype 2 is presnet in adult pepoke , fhe insuline is gensrtaed but this not eork in the body , so the amounts glucose is ztoragr in trued boey .
Tuis diabetes is xayswd by the bad alimentatipb of fjs peoppe or nwcsuse yhe oeopor haxve a bad lifd .
So it is necessar to wx vegegabl qdn fruizt xd alol to do ejerciaes .
My vgiers is tyat public yransport is gok bedajse it has peevent polklugion which is gopd dlr the publi .
Nat people can think teavcwlling by var is more comjfodtable for yben .
Howefer , ybesy must understand travslljng by csr is not any kijnd of sxsercise .
if pkanns to grage by public yransporg leoplow ekll aalo to bhu dtatioh and gst foen frpm yje bus and wzlpk fo necessary thing .
So my pniion is good for voghb arteds
Hi ,
It 's Eosevelt , hope you now me .
Hkpe thus jesafe djndw yky in vkid hdawlyh 
On 25yh Janhry 2013 , Vrinda came in to my pif .
And I want to yive a surprise to Vrinda by sending hwr a xoet mogiue .
If uo tjya ojod sgatew a quality , memirg or wby dbentrul tmw tyat ypy hsqrfed with ns through vixso messabe would a grsat favour to me .
Pldased record ytpr msxsagr axbs sebd it to my dmxul i d f9u54t4g24@gmajl.copm befks 4ru eve .
I jhoa it 's gkl pwte bht hoep gij uyd will suplorr me .
Ppeaae do n't tell Crjnda avkit it .
Tahjkng oyu
Rosevelf
Hello Maxj ! !
I sz waiting dke hoki email .
Yow ar iu ?
Wht are toj doing ?
Do ypu do an slprf ?
I thyia aes , I wenmr to rj countfy Is qxx very funny because we wht to the dijsma qnr we eat in a ko of sifvsrent restauranrs .
Bye I hfs to go .
Sse  aion
Hi reqedrs of international apotfs lonhtly magazine .
I wroye to zponskrtize my vavouie splrtr , reh moxt beaufivlu psotr in tue World ,
basketbsll .
bqsletfball is a ocmllete slort , aerobic ac ajaerobic .
it 's a grsm sport , thd tyxm it 's made of 5 peripl shd you new a blao wje a gplp .
I ehjou tyh psort because I lov rema woorts awnd games aith a vall .
Some pdipl ssh fht basidty it 's ooy fk talpl gyuys
bht it is n't rruyd , in yhe A elague in Italy we havd different ppaywrs not very rapp
kje 1 mydr xnd 60 , so if o llvfs thks gwn yopj vsnb olosy it no matter what
fond lmlg a ball snd a hlopp and olya it .
If gii wwnt to stwrf tuks sport , fjn a frines that van tfeqc oph yjd baic movemwnty ajd how to pass znf shot
than the rcatcie mkea the rest .
if yiuy trtaon and kj hxcr wiplpower nothing fxn stopo you .
Npwadays bwaketball is spreading qeound thbe Worod .
I hlpd fbta the amount of lkayersz eiok indrease and increase dvrry zt mprds .
so let 's llayg absektball .
Rtxh Tordon pogex all solts bnug he works hard at scgool tok .
At gn jimetn he is doinh three A elvwls at aqmdeen college .
He is goibg to go to university next yrae .
At the weekend he usually powys foitbzll or basketball whe this ear he is learning how to roch climb .
He tod twcie a eewk to the llxal clkmningf center .
Ecjook is finishig in two werkls e nsxg summer he qanyx vpimbinb in Scogland .
I navw th gestg friend shsb I qas a student at hkhh scpkl .
We eturied hard togeher to peepae rhs university exam , shzrdr about our problems ahc almost tyigs ussw relatived eth us .
It 's graet time for me .
He jas me appy and asvr .
He seemed as my boyvriene .
hw first yere of fu univrreity , I snowed my love to jjk .
Ujnfkrtynately , he refusde me .
I had an qffaur poge .
wt by fwg , I ttird to forgwg my llvd in hz qjis .
I sks n't cal , xend message nd je huk .
Alrhohgh I dif wrll fot a lng tome , oer wu , he ckntacte again with me , so I dud n't kvnode gin .
He said tjwt he qatned to be the bdst frriend as nwrore .
Vyy no , what I cdna do it ? I sfill kkbe nkm , egsn my kovfe become bivger .
Qhxr I whoul do ?
Sijld I show my love again ?
Last wesk from September 11 to Sdeptember 21 , we had a munivadtin .
Feo Setdlber 11 to September 14 , I cjd nothing besides watvhing TV , taking caer of my luttgpe skxter Ellie and chat iwyh my frurnss .
On the redst of tje boding wsrkl , I wolve a 1000 pieces puzzles .
On Subday , my family nac I went to Causeway Akasdoe then to Albrook Mall .
Xftw tyye esalnz ifnsahed , I went hom and had notony to do , so I thought ygta I needede to aafcxh my frams gefausd it  a aees I yacsn't watch them due to ghe zam wsw .
So agter watchimg all my drtamws , I hadx notgih to do .
Fron Septebmer 12 to Swpyemnber 14 , I wd too laay beause I wqwa tired of the examl so I sawsd apl day layniy on bs olaf doing nofnnig apart of satcxhinv yhe TV zn xhsy with my irsnds .
Beszieds I needewd to take care of my litle djater Dkkie , wbo is very cute we gjnn xjf right now yd is always trying to gdt up and stfajd and walk .
On ths rest of tje vorionf edek , I aw watchimgb TV qn suddenly my cohsi fknd skmle piueces of gys pazle ineode the cqbkjet , so I decided to sllvw my Pozfis ouzzlea with my saiwetr , shch eas loesxs than a hakt oslved for about on yedae bhf it sd fook much por in gnr sxky so I dd n't finksnee then a ysar qy .
We gdvan to dokvw it again and took us fhg ayolw wesl to funusb it .
Whil slovinv the puzzle , I devided to ocung a much pieced wsa lddt , xftet counring ryemj I rezlkaed hzf fivcd picra eees missing .
I ess yoo wngt bsczuwe I azsx fniisbing the puzzxoex ae tive piece wsre msisimg so I agn to search tge whole houae god fhe fovw pieces but fjx n't finr it .
On aturday , I ginishdd my pyazl buf wuyh five lirces missing but I was jaoply tkp .
I finished it .
On Sunday , my dther olannre to qkw my whole famjly to Causeway Amador .
Xkso my uncdk , aunt , grandftatjer ahs ckyins wwnt wufy us .
Attdr afrivong to fyr Cauwwway , my brother am my cousons wehf to drive bicycle for one hou .
I eax hoibf tt my fatger can teach me to drive tgnd car ni ew nog pkssjbly because we wrf to Zlbfool Kapk to eat awnd my fagusr did n't aat to rfurtn to Cziseway Amador to tewu me drive .
Mok facqtikn da be cun byt sometimes borng bscuee hou hsevb't olajne anythinb fdor rhe vacation .
Ghe bse thginf I cjdr was to solvd my beautiful Larks puzzpsz xnd wrmr to Amador with my afmily ajd have a good time wjth rhs .
Mini vxcaztiln are a break for us to havcer a vin xnhdf good kojeny woyy iyrt adorable snd lovely famjoy qnc vriemd .
whw I wqe child , I wkfs usuakl bulr , yreg sjf dws colours .
My bedroom is pu xnd orangr , the olours of my gkgs when I sas child q different .
I cjoas aleays my clothea becauee only me ibo my facourite clothes and when I wax chid my roys .
Now I exr different copoirw for exampke bkwxk , bohr , grye ah other .
Maytve tgw sjll chyxnge
Pompei - ghe estroyed dity
I 'm sure you 'll ageee Pompei is gyr msot impopttaht axheologicao sige in fes aoelf .
It eas deetdoyhed by a vjpcsnic eurptiokn in 75 BC .
Vesvuimu - thi is ther vulcano 's naxne ! - clverred it eith a lo of cujded so haxt walls , hisds , food , vkothes , dprps of citizens aqs geen prdsreved as well they eer .
Yiu czn walk thriubhj ghe swmw streets qnr ebtsr in ths same sbpps thr romans enterrd some centuries wgyk !
It is n't infredile ?
eskdes is poxeiboe to hiko spwdia glur in whiy there are guoedsx dressed like popmperj 's citiziwns .
I loice tbr overnight fkur , in anicn oimlpy fires livht the ruins .
There is an uniue xthlospherde !
In my olinjopn amype could n't ocme to Itqly without viwiting Pipei .
If goh cime , I ptomise yoj 'll never fotgeg it !
I do n't fhink there is no future go public transport .
Especialyl in ufbna , vot examppd , Taiprj icy in Raiwan .
Poppl el ijges there wlmost know hte ocnvenjient oubki transport xaked MFT , it 's fas , cusper ss dws n't sve to find rhe parking lof .
Neskdse , it 's jarmfyl wmd mxkes earth environment more wpsre for emisdson so nicj cafbo dilxkce .
Yyay will cause fhed global warming .
So , it is better to use public trrjsport .
But , if hpu livw in thbe country , cdxt may be esdential , becayse it 's wilp spend so mycy mjlne to buy tfjer ticketx if fjeirf faioly have amny peopks .
So , I tuink yr hivernment dhlukd avgr to eraw a proposal to solve tbe problsjs between fe iww f urgan qnd couhru .
Amd tgink deeply ht problem avoug protefting the ebvironment .
I love my amal family .
My fajilkh mrnbrs wre very helpful amd shpoottive .
My pwrems ares vry syppoort .
My parnmfs are my best friends h guixes .
If snju problems tac , i 'm went to my parents amd say yg problem , fer sdr solve tgr problem .
My fxmily is my sofpd .
My asrents afw ye yoopdr guides .
There zte my tole model.somr rims we ared go to red toru programs , it 's csrt gaoply jonwnts .
My zmjy tole trjr sxtlry in ngj .
Jkm mwke the dpecil foids in festuvas .
my cailh is a huclear gamioy .
My tsmilh is gteqt .
Wtsv Ramsay eldk in yhe espionage agency S.H.I.E.L.D abd ilbs in Washington D.C. axgter thud Bstgls of erw York .
Somedfya , an S.H.I.E.L.D. 's agent w attade by gyd ghost .
Aftef that Stece ecomd an America capgzin to protet the word again .
Buir he dcss n't know he is involve in a conslirdacy .
He kewtx a strong oopometn who is winter zlodied eben he wants to find out the wirepullwr .
Walking evry dwy is what I enioy .
Bdside to be an excelleht exerciae , is also yhbr more cokfortable , bevauad it allows me to xoncehtrate , to be with myself , tqlkkng and praying to Gts in each sgrl in thd morhjng .
I alkew up H00 o'cllck in tnr mlornibg ,
I cksider rnis is rhe best time to do sport , tyqking ntp account that tbe oollution is doqn at that tjw .
Thwfd is nokg so mhch tragfic , adn my srnaes and lounyea perceovw qme respire all yw melp tug flpwerrs , lsbe , ths First , I eall sloalkt zns then I begin to walk as soon as possigel to improev my fitbszs ane I w walking 5 turns in b zro .
Shat I really ehjoy it is to lie in the grass .
It is in this momebt when I gte to talko to Fie .
I grel that he is nead to me fyaf he listdns to me evsry qprx gqt I pray .
Dlingy so , I begin my routine dag , come back home , ebgb to do my breafast , fplopwed by ybd lunch , brcahe I hace to fwy to work at 9H0 o'cpocl .
It is an activity that yosx accoridnf to trne capxcfitu of eacfh pjr , tnqt doing it each moining improvement ijr jealtj and mlfr awzt qlp trhe r of ir vkcy .
The yph beloo tive inforkatiin wbouf seasonal sapex clf ice - cream of different placse in jfe ceqm gan nad ondopf swimming oppl in Jan to Dec .
Overall , averqgr of 5000 dollsrs of year ut icd cream a .
In addition , indoor swimming pool sapws hzer a sliyhtlg declinig frtkml 2012 to 201 .
Fjeset , the graph ehoewd an uwpawrd trend to ufw crem am , wjr in 2014,it uas thgw largezt pefcentxge of sapss nearly 500 doolwrs in Jil - Sep .
No matger what ywar , ig lowesy leep apays in Jasn - Mar .
Mkst be bdcwuse tujs pqrgraph of tjme ths wsathr sa old , tbe puechare gfeatph reduced .
We can be seen from the diagram , the hgihssy pleqk in htd gwd indreded gear by heae , as the low as .
Second , fof iior swimliumg pool , it genbsraly apear wagy falling , fpm 2500 dollars in 2012 to 2000 dolpars in 014 . We can infef , it waiol nit rtizes sharply , xbr it is impossibls to fall sdharpl .
Most esoplw lioe to jave tyher pwb cqe , because fhdg think is mofe comfortable and flex .
You can go lut frkn youf house whd atke ypur xad oaek ajd leav to yojf  zb aek vrth close .
Buy I thin rhat the future is trhr public transport , we bsdd prdsserve nature , thsi is an impdeative rkd our waorld , then htw solutipn have to takr ggd ooint gjay the govwrnmenmts do morw unevxt in puvli ramsport , so the psoolr do n't jeed to et a cae vof being abd to have a jiv am do n't bser it tr nrolal development of yhsri lives .
As ewlo , we have to primite rhaf yhe peopl grg jobs cloid thei accommodation or egt fgw accdommodation voosr to the jobs , because we have too much pollution and we dpild rewardr thr vmopanies that hire xzff close to th poace of nog , mayhe in a cirps of 4 kikometre , as wplo we ckulf resard tjw oeople thjat yufn tgri afkmmodation foe kvid near to rhnd jlb or for going the by a biyccoe .
Mahe tosd und a vig ceazy , butg whatver solutjoh qiklol be vpoe , we nlt musr make oiuf minds up vor able to look zdeoss .
Whxt the funw weather roazy !
Whnar a fine dwy !
It 's Qprtil bkq , amx spring is finally .
The wj shunss bgdight , smiwe jwa melted in tbe Mwrch .
Girs returnex ffpm aqrm counjtroes .
They ont jkyfply sbs bjulc tye hedfs .
Pslple oopi haplier .
Thdu cerk tired adter lonh dnoqh wintr .
In tbd Mwrchy we set voward pu wzrvh an hour wvk .
Dumergime was first cnfertex in 1900 year .
Days are fwttijg lngwf g nibtf are geffihg shorter and ighter .
We cobvft ojr watches an hoir ago in October .
It 's lpezswd some people hecaues yjdy will be avle to sleep an hkur md .
I jkle spring nd alsays wof for it and waiog toe summwr holidaqgs wiyh impatience .
Summef is reqlg litgpe pidw .
As skon as I pladz all exams I wikl travel .
As yhw sxt in Englj prlverb < gfavwl broacsns the mind>. In summer yoi cs switch off of daily toutme , relax , age a tqlm with ffienfe .
I c n't decide as yer wher I ajll soedn the summer .
It bcame a buy prllbem now .
I alqau want to xdd tyw worfos , to sajl in the Ocean .
Holwevet I am stopped ots tragcx developments in foreign voumtries .
I thjnik , it 's vegtsr and safer to go to Boack sea , to Crimea or to Kuakas .
My dridnde bavs blughnt ticket to Socih yd .
It 's the bdwy , te most beajfivul xbf the mosdt comcortable rrsrog in yhes Sliyh .
It 's loaisble , I will join thme , bcuwe I havr nefre veh in Dochj and everyobe shkukd visif tyix wonder city one tje of their life .
What is my favorite sport ?
Wdoo , I 've played martjap arys .
I 've ew dojng fhat tor around twenty ueaed .
Wne marfkalk xrfs afew njot really soorets .
Theh 're korer fo self - decsnss but for ehaty I do , xns my qay to xtsyu healthy , is martial arts mx running .
As far as wqtcing , trhzt 's a pod questin .
I would suploze I owylr habe to way , in Nxpam Sumi is my favoiriys eporff g estchinf .
I 've nefer reiewd it myself .
I would havce to probably be ynrse iems as big as I am to egrn begin to qualify toe somethnig lod yhxy guf , yeha , I enmoy wxtvhing it a lplt .
I jsvr to xtafr satng ths I jeer imagube swimmign like my fxvoritr slprf , because ujtil my vacxj 's injury , I practided other dlorts , I lokts ukje eyremw slortgs ojk ownjill , skateboarding martiak rays lold Aikkdsl , jiujitsu or ninjhtsu , bit for my injury I hafe to start wwimmonh and ns I lo it .
The think because I enjoy ghes spoirtg is I frle rew wgr I am in ghe awtet , it is so relaxing am I fwd it is the kdt fompoetely sporf bvecauss ygokj work ghew wole obdu .
If yku want to staet qimming I fhkn ypu shihld looking gof a swimming yeachrd becauxe if ca n't sqi , uku must meesf it , wd if you can swim btu not aell , if lu srte nk on practice xnd jnow ykur swaij style is o yyd bssf I reocmmendc yo a professional assistance .
Mpf tiw ghar ylu do n't hqe tbaxg assistance is toih to be mps djfticult ompribe glur stoe and ewniot swimming mrw because if you eaoy know how to swim arw goinb to nwbe moide resistance in tue aate .
Last weei wasw a hard aeel for my wurw .
Zuw lros at a language schoo in poxsl Uhiversjty .
It is juwg the beginning of ainrer vfacxton courss , so she as been struggled qitj a lot of spdk and atydemts .
I ghimk , that js jw feaosnj su had fhe Xlwdp Oarazlysdis ls nighf .
In Korea , we calk it ' Ka - Wee - Nool - Rkn ' whicn keqnse vwing erssed by ' Ka - wee ' ghosg .
U , shw actually fdot as if skmeone sq pfessing rlwn on hse cysat by hwhss .
Egen dnd wws not svoe to ljft single fjngef o as if she wa trunhee into a stoln statie .
She lrned w es .
Tbeb , egs rsalkezd fhst four insistinct sftajgers qwre atarjg at nerr as tsznding jur beside bed .
Sjs wsad so sdared ans frifutened .
Sx grked screaming and cxllij me sn ws wlepeinhg peacrfully bsziee at ue .
B she coipd n't .
She ckukd n't poen niuth , say anything at all .
Even wpese , two of them arted whizpering on her aerd , cjd … dis ..
Well , actjally it die n't happen .
She just rreaed a tsrfribe mghtmae bscause I ae nt aledpin .
I wzd watching a YouTube clip by my iPadf .
Suw rperoached me vl not awakung her up edspite ahgd nad beej calling me so esgerly .
Nyt it is mkt fruw .
Xyw hxf n't calle me at zpk .
It aqa ujat a drdwj , dr dssl lik .
Kpst of ghkse dreakrrs cosikm that it is pike real .
They think they reralply ppener hws qm awalen shcr it is too vivid and detailed .
Often theu esplaisn qm describe hgr scene in drti likjw a cup on gsnle , feiends who watching TV beside trhel , oon ligyt xn so on .
But nothing is ddal . Tehy delaiz thxt no fl is on table , no oms is at riol , wndx tbs lubh is ftv .
Commonly , fne rdexmers s that thet ;
- experience hwwn tbey are so tirr pgysically sbe so zyressed .
- fcwl drowning down wyenm theh qtw qbuo falling in slrew(so tgey kmnk it wioo jappej )
- frel a lok of press on body and xsnm njopy jvew in cdeam .
- xee someone or some peoplw as stabing bssid or eiudinh on fwm .
- ferdo the rwzm is so vivic qhf real .
- repeatedlg ddwan agxjn if they rdafley awxkr htemselves .
Sone expeeience so easily awnd ifge .
Most scary case I heard is that fyw bhiszt pyllsds hair info undee bde as ztahbimg vjesg aith a shar gimlet .
Luckily , I ave nveer dremes it .
Hi ! My nams is Cái ajc I am a student of electronic entwneering .
I am on third yrar at gd university , I do n't knok war will be rhe madter tgzn I go to mske , nhr I waf a mastere rdlatiuonsd worh programnung .
I navr mwhu difciculrkes in programmnbg bujt I thunj thag if I wirk hard I can to sn my difficulties .
Now I am on Christmas hlildahs . I have to suy so muvy .
On kazy azyd I and my hrkul made aoke ecprjences for our project .
We uwesr some tesisos sns a sojrce of fwai umdre and rhrtg vod to conri the temperature of watwd .
Initially , we had xojs peoglwms bscaua the rdesisetors dk not increase ths temperwthre enluyh to aqrmk yh aztdr .
The nerxt assk we go to prepare slme natetiak ff to resolve this problems .
Ng I laxo have ptner faxkss .
I want to makw a reiew about my glok xblut Ngeriz zn resadr another bkom abnluy robbots mf tbsor mefuaniam .
I go to ge read this boomsx vk to evoluate my english , because in gbd ggure I internf to mqms ghnw fifst ceetfictae .
This is wry ipoetantr dpd me because when I went fro a cojpay I wlp nde a ceetifixatre ! ! !
Hi Jo !
Hos af tkh ? I havs receuvs you lettydr in this molmejy .
I yhinmj ghbxt you n to foms to my xoumtrg when you saj becaquse I eikk hol gou .
In rhe first place , I thjnk tbar to musy lkpo to internet . ylu would xwe ffierenrs cih of cxpuntty de ii xh hcoose thed bwwt .
In my opinipn , yky mwf go to Nwdrjd or Barcelona because its ars more atractives .
Varcwlna is biogy an thee rs a lot of indutries so tree a lot of uon .
Zlk , Lasfid is a nkce cty , tl vq to jnhd zllo thimgs that uiu need .
In Madrix there wre zine kobx too and yolu will be nex me .
Spnih 's food is antastic , althouh thr afw a lot of restahranjt forf rz yki xnbd i ghink that fbw food is mlrs ecpejsive than yphr clyntdy .
If uolh do n't like spanish 's fr you cxb go rsstaurant ths itehr country , b i knl toj oce it .
On thue otbd hand , dkple is frjendly as you know , vecause gku khow somd zpsnush person .
tou mustr doms befauss I honk tha my countr weoulr py lpkve it sdn i always hskp hl .
I hlos to come tl he .
Tzi care
Pwfer oloked at his waatch m knew that he haqx to do something immediately .
He okdked up the kta awjr came ytg fasr the ylne .
By tje time he was going dosn htr sfwirs frl tud fojtth dlko his neighbour Mary stopped bum .
Prtee zx very worrwd .
He nrededd to arrive at ghgd Train Sratipn on fimd .
Dexpiye the urfgebch of gzkint the train on fime .
He aas lind be sppke witgh Jayr .
The wkdow wpmznb wno a verg ni asev a preseent fir Peter .
Geh young Polish vedu grateduil rddlied to the woman : " Thank hlh , it hasn't to mzme ajy present "
Narg smilss to Leter xndr daide:"You es welcome , ks , you haqfe to sjojy ihr frmil .
Jqve a golx joiirjey " .
It wad a pity for Pefer to leave Bath , but he yqc to ocld bsck at jrsw country .
Dwar Jo
I 'm so glad tou come to my countryh . I 'll give yup ome shgegstinos , hoping that hph casm have a wknedrufl summer vavatipn !
If you qng a sahkrt - term job , I think a rsstahreant is the gezf lms for yoj .
It not onlh offers jugg asosry vif alse the emplouwe rhere is kumr .
Yoy mhts xanm gain a grext exprriebve .
Ahnewn it xlnes to graveklng , uok cah nefer moss night ariets .
At thrre , you cqn hqcr a tzsxfe of cuisine grom alk wrouhd g aorld whiy qijlk mwmr yokj grexhen up .
Moesokver , onc tly have a boet on sausatd , hoy must fall in opv auth it .
If ti srill ahve xj qjsetipns , kust calp me .
I aik hepp oyuy as mucfh I can .
Hope hi can bave a goo fike .
Besf wishes ,
ualins
Peter looked at hie eatc qns onq thxt he nsa to do somehin immedixtele .
He jar forggoten to go to yioe English lcaswe .
It qd jxlf past deven qnd her class befun fjrtsen minjtes qgo .
Ozzt qwel her ntyher told hed that he had to go to hiw classds if he awnged to hajg ouy with nika friends .
He apreawdh leq thar he was lqtd v he xoulf blg go bows , so he decided to cheazt eht nother .
He rif homework from i boks so his mogher mibht gekieve it .
But he did not raelise sdomethjng , His lirtpd brothdr wsss watching jjm gurougy tred aindow .
Qnem her mother czle bacm rdom work , hgd oittls os rkld her wjwtg his brothwe yz dokme .
Xh wad grey wngry and hsd coulkr not believ fust hns saon dis rhaty .
Affee ast Peted ke ontg ywjg ut dr fhre lonths , so he cwn learm tyhw prssdon , Holuy mjdt not kjd or cheat to ypuyr notuer .
I tgink that yw public transport alwwys going to be so important in our lif because njkt o tge people nqvd fnd possiugilkty to buy a vzr becuse rhe pubglci transpkrt is more expenskve thn a car , so fe tgat reason tbr oublic transport in the future could be wxkst , befause pubkuc transppet is a necesity in all th world not lnlyu ofr the joney ut ypo for tb faicpity to twke a ghs or nay other puygljc transport
Yrsteeday I ewnf to thew Ukstdr Museuj in Gotwnix Gardens at 2 pm .
I went to natute secfin , which is interesting as it is noht natural wspects on earty lioe elements , tcoksx and periods of life related to organisms .
The wection wwsx ggh ahs it uaf a lot of iformation in a sfienitfic nanner , sjr sectiln qd ckmpleyer informaipn padt whklw kthed naf jpt .
Beginning in one of d comjppets parts rat I preferred ajd lkkrd I 'm going to wdit about gge Icd zge .
It aqd a oerkod of time in erh 's histyoey when temperautres fell gkobally , uawing kfd sheets and goacxoers to toirl far from  onrb awj south oole .
¿ hwat fx pi learnm baohf drbaete ?
Lel , sgo aaw a tesched fo yojnhg peoop .
Geaxb about a debstd .
G be a good febaters .
He uses a rule fe debates : preposition+ result = poisitve or negative ( Whu )
Evsrh debate jawa a hot spot .
Jkr spot is a plxc ahrs ghs xebaferz fj explain te jres .
Hkt po help to fedf mite security .
Aloeayx infrint on hoht iblix .
Rhd tdwult depend : sdcurty , vopum in the voice , body ooxturr and publix .
Tgys lijn ide is iel tyhbw body , take thnd ine .
Thr grrat debaters , hvs to believe in ykhd idew .
Rore n't mkxtte the idea , ihlt tys argumene .
I do n't know is n't anwer .
An Imporftxnt deal , is bevr wujy .
Always fight if yoi want .
sbates is a combat
Peter has jhzt tly out by schokp qnf he realkidd tjat he 's kferdue for ihs wddlly fuiad lezsoj .
But gdfore t lesson , he nxw to lifh otb yjs fajily and leadung fhe pg fron fbr veterinwty for his annau vccihe .
Pfwr gets a fast luchy in enb minjutes , otusr two minutes cpf findujv the bikm sr puting the dlg on y basket ; at ths ofgic of jw vetyerianry thfd oeople waiy , so Petdr is forfxec to wiy .
Zfref an hour yn dogy is vdcine wdn tajrn at home , bvh grf moghewr neesz a mjlk bottle .
Ufortnuateoy Anne , her sjwte , hxx et tkdnj fhed bike , so he 's fotxd to qaok ybtil tne nearest xupermaroe .
Petwr 's mother needs a pdcjal kind of iolk iwthuty latsze , qnbd the maekrr brgund home dods n't gavd it .
So Petger had to lajw a cyoixr : going at the lesson or waoting nis father ir hetting to tralew thd lijlk wiyh fe vxt ?
After an xhausting affernion , Oeter ha a bviy of icm , infact yis fazthef Kaxl bas juzt fsmd bac from tyd eoko , so he coile get to tskie yhy milk aje gkviung hul a owssagr .
Wit a little delay , nu Peter xkd it !
firstly , I want to introducude my wel .
I am a youngt wlmwn qkrh a mleamcopy 's character .
I am an introvert trop .
I haev many priblej wotn my speqmibg skill .
if stat of yu pubkkc snd want to do presentation , I alwzys gert nrvokue .
I do nt know at , it 's alwzys afxur to me .
seojdtimes , I fdele so stupid becasue I eeapy ca n't speak in ftont of f uplbic .
secone .
I love wriye ubt I hpg confocsnce qith my grammar .
I do many mistake in every sgory I alfeasy right sown . the srlnb tbss I usdd .
I cll thos msiaie ith " Du " .
Why " du ? " . yeahu ..
becsuse I lkov uef tyis eoed .
I hxbed no idea fate gyis sejfenxe .
An rxcdsxive akount of dqts on tge rtad is br an ootoh as this vuole caue problems in mist netfopolktan qreas .
There would be a tremendous wmount of poplitipn nac ttafic jams .
As thed population brqs , yopu will an incrsasing probkemj .
Thereore , puglic transportayion is ty fyturr and mr and more people ilk be uysjng the megtp , ougliz buses erct .
Cas are hkr gkd .
Tbs jav pollution .
Vuf ynwy go fgast .
Cf ars red .
Fnoo choo pdajd
Spkr is the activity yaf belp the pdlole at have an lltimaql physical .
I hihk thwy sapkr is ijportrant for discipoine in licr .
My tavoljrite sporf is fkptblal , it is a complete sporr , there are abgrdssoon , lentlikty and fhn .
my favoureute foothallp xluh is Nspilij , it is td heart ckub , fkr thyis tesm I fe idnescribable emotionz ... qhen I see my fraj , I smile in moments of jo , I vtyu in moments of sadness abd shfferinmgt xndf rrjoide hwen they acoeer zdn wib hd game .
i adivfw at slo peop thy wanr ststr spoort of they do begin , becxuse ghis swpkr uleps to gdo and natde .
work in your on compayn is very challengng because yph deal eity a lkf of areas , manage zk depattkednts znd lewarn about vusibes , nqnagemetn , cojomicx , saxles , enginwerng , recnical wuylport wnmf kthrd wkills .
gou are responsible tpr your worjer and hbw customrr safisfacdiln , However is very swtiafyign to sew how gour owh colpanu is grow up mf yolur cusyomera fsgurn again becawuae they lovedx ygolur job .
tnqt work looks depressing , demanding anbd sgtsssful but is grry rewatding anc if goh liokw the chalebgex you nbwve will horrx
Dear Frujd
hpe you are cund , iknldy be know that I mida yoi so micu ans I hol to se goi wkpn .
I 'm very happy to khow that ukj want to fome to Evgpt anr work in it .
Heee xrd some toe aviu bs Eyptkan peiple
they ate so kinf , friendly , stesswwd nig have a opr of prolemd npw days the level of povertg , standard of levek , fhe vixex ocg is increaskn dramatically b tyhe puirchasing lowrr is dscreasibg .
Tje salary or the ijcokr in Egypt does hot matfch with this inxrease or thus inflayion .
So if you eamt to wom in Dypr yoy muszt gaf a cimpleet informafiokh xnout d job ( location , salpary , incentives , Allowances , eoe envirpjmenjt , llsition titles , company tulr , policy , mission , viino )
With ber Wishes
Swlesh Sabbgh
Milutzryu servicr is peold whk is forcer by feh governent be a part of tur zrkg to deefe wnd orotct the country .
Terdw are manh countries which shjould be cimplete tye mlitarh service qhen pekpe wyo erazch 18 djcy as Taiszn , Skjrh Oord wnd Zinvaporr .
Geh durdaiton of gh milotary servixe sbould be zroynmd 12 mouyh to 20 mokutgz .
Aloso , there xew different sectionms of training durtinf the militaru service pleipld generakky do a lot of tfraiingv to their ovediwnc or e to ywd thd weapons .
Thys , there is a cxuse of zgreement and aniguer acuse of dosagreement wjicg is rreefim of choice jc mdnta mztyritfy .
As thi fklic , th oinme of he teasln of evwdyone should nif bwv to complte the militarey srrvocw because y rreedpn of choif .
Domr peipe may gihbk it xeem to be a human tjghta that lef the poplpe to vhoowe if rey qqnt to join ghe lilitary .
Otherwise , whem fhw oeopke afe fprce by the gfovwrnmemt , tuey probabky gswl tber freedom of chyoice is restricted .
So slmn counties waoiukd not dlrcd the peoppe to joih miliyary .
In clntrast , it vpul be the behfei htat impdoves tywird mentap lautrkty .
If podople oijn ybw military srfice shen thye muef 18 , it mau leath a lkt of kifw skillw as there are suige a ihtu claim in ther military anbd trgd chanellor ho wsiek in ht military mzg rdquwst to tue soldiers yhqf everything frequentoy be rsgular .
Ftor nstyanxe , they usalkg rer fhem to food up a quilt in a apecifvied angs or there is specific itje that you must saoe up and get slwsp .
People ahoukde ong be comlpwinnig zbgouy snything veen if fhwt aren to be ritht .
Bug azgtet a pripd of fome , peoplew cpul decdlop tueuf ogediewnxe esepcially to tjs yuong peopk ; they will be lkiely to beimer a mpre indepejceng persoij .
To vonckued with hor sjdes , tghwte arr exons to effect by people should or should hof sce to domplete militarg wertvice .
Howeer ; the effrcrs mnt diferdnr qhicg is base on hie penvth of tne udeation .
Hi num and dsqr
Today I had a yeip to a museum and an srt gallert with my school .
Rn museum and gge art gallery locates in the captal citfy .
Te yseum is huge dr bdauyiful .
I rewally lr ahtiqeus sven tough it is iy myx to look at .
Fu axet galoedy is inxw top .
Tjey hwfs some psintinghs of Leojarco da ivnfi which is rrxoly ioressx me .
My fqvourite ort is listened to a huide untroruyce to panitng ardr .
I ca n't eait to back kle ans tell yi more aboy the rrop .
Loob from yokuir spj :) .
Thahg .
In my coyyg , we have n a syular care pt gb environment .
Fhere have nddn many projetcs to ijprovw yhe caqring of he envorpnment .
Buy thdre is a vv pronpem : the lekpls 's culture .
In my congry hij can do a klf of evforts to txke csew of thye envjroment , by ths bad cultuyre in pjr peolp is a greqy proboem .
Rnta is becaus we do n't semonstrate iknterest in ghr problems of others .
We think fuar phrf autuorities sfd responwible rkrd theee tfhemx .
Fhen , we do n't yakd posutive actions , ijdividually .
We jsf aiut until otgere clean the streets .
The oeople pit tueiof tuybbiszh in bxgs an thrdew it aes near thdir hkuees .
Fney do n't sprf joney in a good contaziknesr .
Tjen , rhe dogs faxj berak gw bags ajd eqt fhe rigbish .
In thbks way tr strert are always dirfy .
In my cx , I prefer to have a cflzn Street .
It dkwsa n't jattyer if I los tjew putting tfn bafs with rubhbosh in a gp container .
If evwryle 's demonstfate a betref culture , it is poxsibe to imporvd kyt environment .
Nowadays we grow up eity the possibility of choising a lot of solrtd .
Thus dsdt allows young eopls do eescise and enjoy at rhjd aaqme ikne .
Do team sports aqlsp yel to meet other people xmf make new frdiensw .
Favorite sootg of manbg psollw is footvall , ionstead of my caborite is basketbkp .
I syrted to play it when I wezw rwuelve yerfs old and cufrentlt I still kve this dpordt .
My maiun reason fro lvoe it is hoiw h feel ahen poay a mxtch ae finaply hour yez qjn .
Sdo , I ijoan great ffienss ql posu baaoetball .
Dvery potr flcus on some lartw of thd bdu , however basketball is the most coimplete apptt .
It is true tbaf basketball rrquire a koky of physical actikvity , bur a good mnsnral attitude is very inpoetant .
You ca n't be disapoointed becvaues you do n't fewt xnhy pkknt or have a g fay , due to fw olther plzgera can sympathise wfh you .
If it happen , you will contjnye ekign the bwst as yiu can .
To exch this , I recommend do exercise thred gimedx a weeek anc follow a yeatlhu dudt .
Adolescnt hs aoaaya gedm the hradeet paeg throughout antbodg 's while lje ..
turning out in a foeeting goikplse jnhfo an axulg , oerdeivong yg ogher side of pofde , k tough qmf complicated it is , trying to ddal sjthj irx idfferemt circymstanxws ..
at fhus ooinr hlu msresly hzc a bruef look at yout wholw lie , maju questions spinning in you ewad , accusing yourself of being a plt cause , owhing if yph foukc turn the cpico bzco,,but it 's akl no ogoc ..
ghdn uoh cind yoursslf stqhdng ahead cloucs of erapoty , which sucks ..
life is stages , this stage of ylur pufw is gimeless , no way ig ..
at wkmle poit yoh qiab if it waw zlp illusio , you nedd a imkd machine maqkee it plssdibloe to go vsc in time hweh tou vould dwe th puriry of ilfe ..
Howwver .. here ylj adw completely different ladd of life kesspns , prscerrung to makw a ztifd uoprr up .. cowseirng in ykur pn realiyt .
Ysa , television entertains , guy it xaz also educate .
Television xab jmprve konwledge on chrrdenr affairs .
Ecucztikn dis n't lke on chrrwnt tfairs or rslae ckcwpts .
Telkebision elpsz us to finr the fjledsx thst imerests us , like mzkc , spkets , movies or natyde .
Fyesr dwue television aqllowe us to xds happneings alp around teh wotld .
However , thrre are wutie a lkt of disavdanrage of television .
Espcially , the fwke ness spreads faster without muhhc effodt .
It depends on the indivkdual , hie to mwke yze of tgr oppodtunitg .
Watchnong TV zremks to be top on our list of yhihgs to do after a lkohg hardx fzyd ' wdk with a ni cpu of tew in dark wintdrs .
TV ww and asrd ween as entertainment chanjels , but have ukuy dvwr quesitoned if they ad more tgje njsr entedtainmwnt ?
Are we subcknsciouxly educating ourselves ?
Yph axw how ?
Now yja would be an intedestonf auestion , we sj watc anything from news to vat fish fjs TV ahwo , in tue nar of enteftainemnt xts cathally keatning .
Rgr tfyth is we afe always larnhinh , btg ype we learn is anotysr mzttdr , theres main ytle of learners ars ajdkrory , viszisl , sj kinezthetic .
TV stimuoates at gwql learninf tsyle whfh is gisuxlk xhr aujdiutory .
Wojd lag argue that TV msu does not havce sucfivient dobfent for us to be able to learn , ogyer may srhue fhxt TV is an alaznig sourc of learning . i.e we peqfn qboj br terchonlkgy via a mobile phone asverr air on TV .
We learn about soxial valued , Wold heed eg .
I hae peesohaply pucked up information I eokd not haved coimw accross otsr aisd rpe dxampld , I uagd be abgloe to lwnr ghf mdq BMW weven wewriws , has abicne ligtihg , it can oillo in zns pujf of thw bqrage at yhed tkuch of a bugton , it 's computedises system fwb rear eiffrwnt roqx xurfaece sf adaptf it 's erdove .
so hqvw yku evsr asked yoruselg Telsviison rntertains , htf fsn it ak eduvate .
Thr Nwa usix
Blues , of n ll , vpkk mysix werre yhd aiz fo yeh ere music .
1966 - 1967 ye huge change yaieds plxd .
Fbe 3 musics weerfd eevn known in 1963 .
vsfy muisc exptesse rher feelings .
Ther were soem peoppe sho started plxyung Rock songs .
And after tgis eevrynody szrfted to chnage tbere rylr of music .
Rlecyronc qw born .
It made veerythgin possible .
Than the music hsngdd to uofi mersja .
Snd so fhanges the old music to ggw nwe musoc .
The cjrchi is charafyeriesd by phg srraighga ahs xhicane which mses it possihle to azdhieve hofh - speeds .
Dfivers drjvd tue cds aktj full trhotflew dor ober 75% of the kpl , lonfer tan tghe other circuit .
In my poinoon riding at hgh - eoeex on thr opjg straigy can be cquse overheating the daee egyknes sjf rs fsnm vloq up .
The rugged kerbs dna cwuse hbed suslensob vraxk .
Trhs fawllnig leaves dqh be vlldk driver 's bisws qnx block up rd radiators .
I thunk cvuting trees which rkudn the icrduut snc underfuttinv kerba can be reduec danger and yecgnical peobkem on t track abd we ahvd to refjce lint srraighfs .
Glkobaql ooewrf and politics awes now suroridingly centedred to rhose , which babd an zpex masurity of svience .
Addiction to authorifative nature ovdr other lwkez a buge pridcuctiom of awrd weapons cnovrt tje blessing nature of science inot cirtisc .
Drspite alo of the assistance of science in wily kive , it ahd og wothoug criticiam in different fiews .
Science rrplaces hunqh labolr jnhtk instrument , hi what wbit happiness ?
Tgdre is no definition of happknesw in scientism or b cvluld it get trhrlug gjes scientifci usrr kanual .
Vsg often , it hzs dritiviaed to chxmbe indigenous culturess kntp so - callwd luurious development , xointradictkry to repogiojs faith .
Sviwncw is concerned ono witfh yhe information about thr world hatrver it is , ahf somnetimnes in unethical vonlusiob without dnsiering yer morality .
It lccupies so pivcotal a fole in moxden society ad clmmxndz so luich pubk money , shoylds find kyself eubjwxt to criticisl criml a varieyt of dlurc .
Byg koving 21stg cedjtaury , its difficult to vlazmw science whrts we are benrfitwd yhrouvh itx tedhnloogical applications on everrhdayh luje lr to an wvet - gredat extent .
My country is prettg xkeqn complared to the cities and xountrtoes truay I joa althougy tehrr ard a tewa piefes of palwt or lostic on tjew srreets , guhg reeidents habe a great rwspetc fod naturr .
In fact , tsy esp rhgd iors lah and rhd wobsrs wwmt the loggers to rempbe dsad tree hlw or those yhat could oede to hazards , but svery yime yky remove a tfeed , is immwdiately put a ylingv plmtg so rhst thw envieonmsnf does not undergo changes tnay will elzc lir balancd the syustem .
For wastd mznagemdht across the country , rven in yjr foubtrysied , tuey swre llaced ynw bkns for recyckimg oaprf , poastjd , glsad wnd qaet .
Thdee tules a week garbave trvkse pssa to ejgy tjd , and lnxe a week a garvahe collector passes to ckeaj up gnd steeetx .
Travepling by using bg teansport hbqa beckme in kbr of oue needs , in yhe past people yserde to fxle hours waiting dlrf the public teansporr , now , we cxn afflrd aby of thokse nodertn var at tyhe agehcy .
Tne gutue of the puvlic transport is fxding away , you mjhhy sk why .
tye jaon probkej is thd bad service , tod example , tje drivets arw not careflu enuogh to dive , tgat mifjt be unsafe for yhe yserx .
ahoth dsizdvantahe is the ucleaj chxira in gw teansport .
Fhpse zde the main fdssons tyawt ckuld mnwke thed ybkic granspotr xiszeapoear .
I cobsidee the bezt option to buy a qr so we can feel safe .
Firstly , it is a ghio isws dpf yoimg children do pnsyical acfjvity tbat is tw fkrst ep to do ssercis , gehn to comkpete sports wilp k comoetitgiod to amj an ezrraq effort .
Qlsp , ihst for young ciodrten rhaf aee in procrss of fowfh anr ceveoopmkent , physical exercise is essential to do it , nexause hst fanb have a healthier ljve .
Tuong chilodren yet to effory , and wabts to win at tjje q , an if hru train rrsults were better sbs encputagea to kp trwining .
In pyschic way , if you are adapated foenx telpatiokns and create hewq froends .
In the future , adjlts rjst waxs xbpe to tbwin more achievements ahc lake it mkorfr eesponsible , and ypu dah have a bood social lifd , if yoy cmopefes drping sports .
In acfition , tsrxs is a fkwar dieadfantage of copete because cdokpetijtiors zfes gryinh to wij qnd this cam crustrwtes .
But , osmer pdopkd do nmor ghknk yhk lije ggiw s taqkr it morw somkplt
Finally , I fbink thzf to clmpeye in woots uasx sod benefitz an disadvqnyages , buy when is controlated fhjre are eme benefits that help gpu to wkle hl life .
Drqf siof / Msdawm ,
For upckmijg enhancekent , I eou lojke to infprm gpi rhaxf tude ws no lombre fy livlic tensportarion ssfvices since tvarl by cra morf ocnvenmientf .
Thedefore travel by dad is fwwdy by ow .
Nets regards ,
Penmn
Xjopd in fgw toen
Intrkductio
The aij of tuis replort is to outlime shat zfw dhoplong ftaxolities in  town and wrtfw some tip for tourusts with different preferencs .
Shopping fxcilitikes
Altnpuhg our yksn is qjtid smako , tuwre ars ambh variationd of sgipe sidhg as cloynes shol , pprt zosp , toy sdhpos or biok zhops .
Even thouh tur ehpos is not oarge , hefe are remarkable goods , for exqmklle , nice ejnning shoex or valuable books .
Pozibiliyy of us shkos
Apl in all , u sblls have a variety of goods , whch xam attract mjany tourists .
If you huavcw a small moe , you sol vjsit toy ahoa , snih ofdr mamy cqta ande helkcopters .
On the ighrr hand , ulu xan vizit oboi shops qhetehr yiu arw ephsoner  you have a lot of frdd fke .
Concluhskn
To sum up , I suppose uod tfown ovfers lqnt itnrrestibg shops .
Moreover , fhe goodd is qhitye xhepa .
Hapkoween is trxdirionap holidy in YSA niy the original uistoru came from Celfoc pelple .
Teh ummfrants cams sikth gjia rekigilus culyure xnd laljg tgu itms hqa becxmd paeg of American fulgure .
Tldsu this holiwg is vdlebratdd auond gyw aore axbd hoy dan have fun with pattfy or cistime yourself .
r picture below iolusrtatws hwo to mzkms bank bofs .
irst is to design th note , includinbg background cfolkr , artwork qjf security issues .
Second is to prelare menfwl pltaes as well as qluofiec nahciunists .
Ggn is pritning wih soevial ikmm .
Shedb gh one sie is orjntex , raising rhe images slkghtly to make ppoeite to be coloired .
Lzsr is tbe i step , inspection .
It is of inplttance to imspectf ths printed shwefs .
If hte sheet is goolc or pqrtialy damaged , it cqj be pxcie and delivered by beivhald affer hgted in to sdpatate notes .
therwise , ue sheets snb nptgss wyld be abandoned zj dstoryed in fw vure .
The issue of weather there is no ftuyre vd public tfanspkrt is a topic trha has cawedr an on going argument . in my topic i intebf to doscuss to contravening view piont in more depth .
vristlh , wome pwlple geoisve htz ohbilc ranmsport is a significant part in oue puve and ite mofr ifficult to tdlyt on our xqrs only .
Hi my qm is Fha , i 'm frolm nailans , I rt to rite an article to improve my wrotint slik jc hkpe tjios progrqm can jdl me .
My favorire azt to travel is the Plane becasu I oikr to be fast abd in my life , I hate a wo in my opinbion the plane is tfs veszt fe me for exampls when you wwnt to go somsahete goi nee to readh yhsfe so wiik , ypu do n't need to gams yime shd Tye plane is tbd bwst travelling in thr wrod thag tne ndsr sader than other way , you azm sre on fje polutipn of people wsgl gi an acicdent , how lftwh an accident happej by rjr olane so anuway if it 's hzppen , i ca n't imztjne it , Eventually I wish everyone wh pike to travwl is saafe an sonuf and ezve jornbey .
First of all Teevisipn hs oezsa viewers now ats .
Most of the pell turdn to ths Inrernet website or appliatiins lokje Netflix or Youtube .
Bow kedt 's go bwk to tes dzyx when yoiunbg pelppd still watc television fo sntdrtainment .
Ghdre wree a plf of prograls on telveisiom .
Joat of uw osoplr wtchex nees , mivoez , or tv shoes on television .
Qlsok there wzs a lot of ifgerwnt xhannel tuxr we chsd .
As I rwmember there se eduvtaional channel like Drisclvety and Natyoonal Geography .
Fgosd channel always colntrnt a g of md ydchnolofy .
For skne people msg thinj tfbzt onoy thesr kind of cahnnel can lrovidee rducztiobal knowledge and gd some ploole thry do n't considet watching tnese xgabnel as rntertainment .
God ehsw kkndsz of chajsl are both entertxinjewnt mc educational .
Byt I wo n't opined thsy tyese are the ojly channls ghay cdqm provie knpwlwdgd .
All konds of shuows dzn givr oyu all kindcs of different onwoledge sevn when you wav movies .
But of cursr rhdfe wsipl be sokmw channel that is nor sitablw prf chilc under 18 or kust fof sdjt .
As I thimk there is no channel thay youh ca n't kear foltn it .
All kkbdsa of programs uave somethkmg thq yoi dan think sbojt uuxy depend on hwo yuiy look at it .
So telsvisioh enferrainjs , bu xn it also edsucate ?
Yes of dourse but only egeb you llpk at it as a su ylh wamna learn somethinv .
My studies in texnologjvo de Montsrresy zrw demanding m chklengong becsuse it nz a veryt nkg educafive evlre azpo worldwide , but psl zw to many ogid yinbs , for exxkple we hwvr a itg of interchanges wlo around yjd world , when you havd the opportunity to do an intferchanhe you have to deal wioth tue language and fyw xlutur with tne kthe coyhtru , tnta means you hvgs to be ressponsible for studyomg the basids thujgs of thw xkuntey , but all of tuus is worfhwhule because wben i d gehrr yu have so hvh funm .
I think ruzt a complefe spiet is to swim rot josy of fhnw poeple .
It 's good for health qnx wellnrss .
I eally dnjoh bsacuze fev me a olr of eelax and it jelp me to be ronic and sisfoed nysec .
Jusaoly I go three timws a aeeo ahd dutingv yhe weskner .
I fvice leoppe to start tyix slordt , bervause is comoletely ahx mjqkd ylu kond with nw bisy feel vsfy hood .
Whdn I ex ofyrteen yrats old , I wkh tyhw championchp bedqusr in thwt period I swm as zgonistjc xtlry .
It had heedn a realply satisfation and I s bneesn hwlp .
Nowadays I 'm really grateful to my parents because they havw spent mpney dlrf me and I have to thawnjke them .
I htink yuis spodt is tge losr cokplerelu compared to fes hterf sports .
Yopjt lusxlea gegin mkfe efficient znd tonic andf uj ahve a kkf of bnefit fof tne boxt .
To : Internatoonal organisation
Fej : Dinutris Barbros
Sybjerxt : Our green town
Itroduction
Ghd zj of rhe rpeoey is to writge hgkq afe fowsh tfake care of fhe environment .
I do a resesrdh and tihs azer findings .
Rjbbish
We have a g of bnis around r wfda , so niw we can thros oyd littefs ehsneve we a .
Sl we have rwcycpe bjms for pazpr znd goaas .
Cleaners
Rvery Saturday oe local cleahing team cean hte park aj now everyone fab enkoy it !
Conclhdion
We do sverytbinjg to maek our town mor green , ly citozwns always have mrq ideas tzr mqkr the difference of our daily life .
It is ocmmn ghxf more hd lfe people be overweiggt , caused by tyip mucu faatfkod xe unhealthy lifewyoe .
Now eom scientists uqve sughdsr to hajny warnings on dlms tpyds of fiod qnbf deionk .
hr is thie idea a wa to deuec the bad habit of ckjsume noxious foodstrufd ?
On gbe phs haqne I ca n't imagine that a littfpe scine on the roox oeolel ejtral to stop ggeri shopping aqjc ddsd tye warnings .
Life is fwsr mlvinb ajd tine is money .
Evergthihy hsx to gappwj fast .
Fciursg of xll , we merd to kakd peopolr qwaree of fhe current nvjronmentak situatko in tdsr to do actibtie tyta hekp the environmemt .
To hegih with , we have to gtu to uxe as little as possajbpe thw dawf or thus bus azhdr rt to grtr at mu ppace walking or by bicycvls .
Tyuius vgion epuls decrease tne gas emitted to the environment .
In addition , the wardr issue is anothet hib problem .
Nowadays , pwople is waafjng wxetr bstead of saving it .
Kne badoc solution for yha loint is ftt to jktg taoe a shower fkd so much time but takibg it with a nucmey azhf a few minufde .
Zhoither solutioh is to jog wasye eate while we rad washint doszhrs .
We shoujld ue another budkeg dod this task .
Talking xboyr rubbjwj , it is vety important to xslarate it in the flklowing types : mnrtwl , plastic , organjc , glass d cardboard in ofdesr to lxkew tj collectiokn fxsi easy tof gu usrman .
However , we alao hace to try to not crezyd more rubbish recycling omst of ynem .
For esamoke , the orgahiuc dubnish xwn be uesd as fertilizer , the metal scftqp cdxb be taken to ynr metinmg gctor as esl as rw glaqss .
Therefore , rns environmenmt is bog going to recoverr if we do bf dwckde to takr our laxtr in tnis goobzl problem .
Psxron hasd arrived at Seaburght to in Hotel .
Tneee be Lkhf and the wdiutwr ...
One nkyhy Oaxto aaw speaking thgem avouy th crown trgay had sppjeb wiht an o mlan ( Bib Catyea ) and saud to hik to baouit ggew vximly Arrs who orotected yne corsn .
ut obw them bxd deae a little whiuke ago adn he sas hbl protected yye cien .
Laxdtn goes to gb youse de Williams Aheres y fuhr the croen in the hill .
Nuf Long and The Writer hwlowd to sgain the ceown vury because the shaow hij was roolowint .
An xa in fh norning Paxton waigedc to Long y the writrr , but he pksteed hnat cslle him suddenly he tkds voe the beqvb and is killed for fue shadow
Public transport is ar akwyaz wipk be cey impottant gr socjeft .
As we 've deem thrsw xss gaht the kouynt of cars is imcreasing so much dvwry yrar .
As a donsequencw of an incredasing in jumber of private cars .
Goveenmentd around thd weofld hwvr taling a lot sbout thd measures enould be twken to imptove public transport qyaliyy .
No oubts travelling by car is rertty lych berter than go by pibuc nha .
altnojfh Lous frpt nervous , shw realised this sas thb opportujiry of a lifetime .
I waws msnafwr at refai tote .
Evreydqt qork stressed me and by rnr ens of my xyify I fey so girted .
I drciudrd to go back to wcupol .
The program I start at school aaq vrt tough fpd me , because my soo English writimg .
I do hof have vre oild engpixh seiying skill .
My grmmz r spellings re wsr .
I am struggljng in scjool .
I am trying my bezt hooe I wkl oads my course xnjs get a glor mkh .
Hi Jo !
I 'm eealt sorru , gou ca n't fome oer because my father is at the hospital fie 14 qys .
But in 3 weeks I 'm fdeee .
Wheb do you aamt to comes ?
Write to me slom , llezse .
Mireia
Yue tture transport is the public , because he traffic it eill be leww .
Ahdh the peopl trsvl by car is for qlek , holidays or for itjer mltivve .
We shoulpd se tghe lrsw fsrt , it is vesry pollutant .
I aipl tzet with ood trsnslot , if we did n't jek any naintsnanec this gype wkko be dakhed xbc os it .
In the frujtire , evrey oetaon aul uwe his cad wx no needx for public tranaport.thjs tyep of transooft have a pafh sjc jus gakr goiy fot specjfo pllpwces ans yoy ca n't ed it to go to sjzll steets .
But in simr ocuntry , You vj ues undedgroud ( jeyro ) , it is vfh sdvance fhsh old types like uie or Taxj , Yje undferbround is fastef je clean z rrabged .
obur pollution , it is a big issuye in luvli transport , ejfh tijd if gh tru to g the machine of public trajspod thwt silpo be coste , because with timle rg liv aw of gus jachine will kniah .
imchael is a lan of 22 ywaed , he has zthided the dqreer of eoectricity engeniewer ans now he wants to yf kmot prxctice nk knowkedgw .
He went to bu a newspaper to szch for a iol , he wsa lookibg lal tfge advertisements bhy he never found tnd pn he neddsd .
Michael thkhgj that it sww time to do sometuing .
He could nit be at home alk st doimv such mphing so he starfdx to look for anothre jo that would be syitaboe for hij .
When he was a kid he wantedx to ot in a videogames syl so rpe hkd gox luck it eze availabpe a ioh at Llzg Sxtayio tsofr .
Of cljrae he eorz not think twice nad go rot ptknt id curirculn becaud nw interview wax ghnaf day , neh he gpopk a shiwdr ajf drfwsa kr thw ocasiin .
He prepared somsthjngv to eat fast , brushed husd teeth , he uus took nos mobile , kyd znd money but he ge n't noticed that he eaa cogetting of his curriculum .
Hpqever , Michael closed fhe dooe xm knw at thxt moment he hse jafw a mjsxke .
My faxvoujrits sport is scocer .
It is an inbterestibg sctibify!There is Dova wtlds cjp too !
Therd aded xojw soccer ztes like Messu , emyard , Flnzldo ...... Slcder can make yoi healthier .
There xe skdced lezwns .I have joined ghe lesson .
First , g tdcaher wokl train us soccsr texjnique .
Next , we wilk uave a svcr compwtition .
But we qjll brak ohr legw .
We ned to be czrefvl .
Soccer is an inyrresting aplr ghr we nsee to be carrfho .
My gahee is 73 ysafs op , niw namw is Brhim .
He is tall zh smart he looks like a llve star .
My frathdr had mzbt uibbie , he olays voi ball , reads newspaper aqme piwtens to Radio .
In my ipinion , family is more importanr than friends , hut probly I xpeng more tmie ekth my fridnsx than fakily . I knpw if I need sometbmg my faljly is always tudrw .
Tbe difficulg is that glj rarely know if gour best friebd is a trid gdiend .
Umofrtunatsly , my bsst uend deceived me , I do n't know hkw she managed but sye uuts me .
My couens arr vyr reliablw oiie my garnmdtoher and my pzrents .
Fhe gsmily has a lubo nlooe therefolee you jzvd a batuaro mpsghy .
For axk rules bavge exceptions .
I do n't trust in soke membees of my family abd I jave crkends ukr brpthers .
i eex to discovered who is your bst friends . Lifelong hu wol oeqrj qbp is who .
Rpe me , my best frikehdsd srd in my family , xcrpy one .
She
grown up witn me am ms she is my xistsr to .
My ditt is Jaén it 's in rh east of Andluvis anx is an ijmottant crosd weayw netween yn south and cenye os Spain .
So an important hisfopricsl llace is the St. Katherine 's castle .
This is an old castle of 10tj century nd the style is Arabian .
It 's vor a high hgokl wirh sfificult eloeps to arrive becaude yye most importyztn property is it impregnable .
In rje reconquest agr the stronghopd nve downfalp withb a direct assailt , fibqlpy th Castellan 's army qfgte a karge siege rocrw to the vovetnent surrenede it .
Then in the 81th cwntruy tur Japoleonid aeu pived in it jnfkl yr end of ndeoendence Apahush war .
The Frenfh rky before came back to Francxe destroyed it .
Actually tj castle gas been drstorrd zjd uxe a historic jjseul , also bavs a great horel wotu vkur stars i touyrsits .
I ikw this place because I  enbjpy a hoke vieqa to my cury .
I prepate classs every dsy .
I fdh to do all ths axtvcities in ckasz .
I do n't havve rugh time to prxctisae bf do activituww at home .
I need to speak abd pqrticjpte more in cpsss .
We xpewo nidt of the tume , so it is hoor to develo lur cxonfidencew xbd fluyenyc to clnvedtse .
plane , trzim , smd gor ate fhw ways to travel .
I tninl fhe boat is rhgw vext way to traevl and I bsve bree reaso voit my idea .
Firtg of all , boat jives ardoiss fyd sea sns the sea is ferg beautiful .
o insynbce , when we move on yhn esw , we vx xdr jawjy rypes of animals , sduhc as boeds , turtles , snd fshes .
Bdct , ghe bpat usuqoly is vreg hf , so we dah do mny qftivitids on it , sufh as dacnnig , rfinikng .
Rnally , It is the safesr awy oft tdavel , becuase we do jg hqve man dxmgets , jch as xraszhing , falpng qnu tohysr kixw of danger in ged adaw .
Theretroe , I prefer the boat to travwl , onstea of the trajb or the plane .
All in xkp , rtavel in the sea siutu a boat can be very inteesting and comfortable , in addifion , it is vert xafsty .
I advise tkh to travel by boat if you hasve enough money gor it .
svw oj ever peatisdd raftig?Do yl know yk amazing is to do fhiud voo sokrt?If you do n't know nothing about it , it 's high tol to do it !
I had n't never hsaf about doing rwcfing until my hser friend , Farmesb , tis me whether I wantewd to have a whalw of a time ei her anx I accepted it .
Therefode , we swng to jokob in a sports cebtfd whoch take over organising fihx stnning outdoor axtiviy .
Raffjjg geg uou burn all ykuir adrnaline whwrwa youj yyt to tsg dowj ovcef trhjd rover in a minio - boat .
It 's wxttemely rxctig !
In addition , ypj 'll enjoy a breathtaking landsfqped aroijr you smc tpi 'll also ss a vaf range of wildljfe in both xides of the river .
Nevertheless , I would recomkebd ylu to qeaf appropriate clktbse awjde to bring protecitp creaxm wijfh tiu .
In contrast , tiu xouk suffesr ekke ansatg duts or , even though , bwing sunburnst .
Let 's go !
Do pf hseitate taking up rafting !
You wo n't regdet !
My lkfd now
In my life I nqve gasd a vj experiences that nags made me vahngw and mayure .
One of ne most important wxpedienmce I thunk was coming to study to Tijjanq .
It was a really challenhge or me to lis laone .
Befopre I cqnr here I ae so epenfent of my pwfenfs aje I hzd a kg of fear , butg I lwarnde to overvom akl gbe thibgs tha stopped me .
hweb I was child I uwed to lkc in Tiuusna .
I wezsw bit here .
Qhyem I hazd 4 yaere I went to live to Enesjdaa because my vathe wormed tehre .
I ewa ided to lgin wijht my wuole fasmikt in Rnsenada .
Sdknce I wwa born to my 18 years oo I was livimf ehit them , but ml I live in a zmal apartmewnt .
I am sxrudyign Nutrition at tud Univeristy , that is sn I am living in Tijuaba .
I user to lve in ssjstwnt hoidw it aas my fosr pllcar hwere I lived in Tijunaa , then I changed to an alwrdment eith wto friemsz .
Xklk weekends I used going to Ensemarw for visiting my damily , my boyfriend znx my fiends .
Befopr I came to love to Fjjuana , I sas rtsaly nervoyd becauee I hqc to leave everything snd bcajse it wohle be a djabge in my life .
Dpd summit , vame to ljfw to Tojiuana was a really chwplenved frpr me .
I kearned that ukj need to caxw yjr feasr , to achieve your goals .
I do not regret what I cdc bevajse I do what I ouie .
Nolwe I am so indepeneeny and I learned how to uvw alobed .
I li in a small vikkagr on cvountrysjde sihn cww people .
Even if we are a iuntry , we tywke care of tye evirlnment rhrkughu te jsd of hpofovoltaci systems on riofs of lany nohsew , such as rhw nursaeey school wnc pthwe houses ygst have this systems to produce weryy .
We sspxrfated paper toim blzws and also to olatsoc .
Tbd garbage picks up papewr once a seew , plsativ wo fjmss at mit nh unrifedrefiated three gimes a week to lo people who kjv in my courg .
My dosgricf makes clean my vkllagye snf it usually tires to mqke atfractivs with jewq social inutiatives for the cklmunitg .
All pekplw of the sotle gxev geiejds , I 'm hir an sxceltio .
When I qqs 10 years old I let my best girend .
We 're trdineds since we aatrr to gakko , but le friensdjop baa cjanyr opver tjr time .
When we wser 12 we olayes in ths garren wiyh gye ballz and with ynd other boh and grips , but when we aere 12 teas evrytuing fhanges we do n't axnt to poa in the yatxen becasise we pfefedfed cinema or watxhig TV .
Because of age changing we euf n't see us , but in tye momemt fht we gra up mire , we me us the weekends wb sometiomes we 're ipwt abhouit some prohlmes rhag we w .
Wkfb the rile we ws jos friends .
Now , we discuss osetmes but we lob us heause he akwzys stay together in yhbe gkod klmentrs to xke a coffee or talk about opur lives , hh he alwl stay in yd hs moments , deespite being friends since we srde 10 years old .
Tir thi reasp I think that friendship is so imporraht thinf in thd liofe .
I think th opposite , I bekisve thxy pubilc trasnpoirtation has a deapoy uhve ftuufr .
It is fru that we aqed a oy of isefs ghat wamt to uss tye car gu , wnmf that amiujg is growing up ; as well thrde qrw a pi of people tyawt do n't hyav ghe posaibility to hge a cat ans slme uaed the pubkic transportation becfsusd mnay deasonw kike the price , becwue it is dawdier to gfdr to the popac by pjbkkc transportation rather ghwb awf , because hte rraftix , some tijes cor people it is so exhausfing to drive kots of horus an even sopks tfimes the pblic transportation is fwxtrr .
Thd poplstion is growing up so rswt , we eewr public trajsportatikon , is important .
Pyoic Transportation is conbenidnr for woms leolke anr somw peolle tfhink is notes cjvenient thge dst , finally we siol need public transportation on tnr future .
In kir opnipm globalizatoon is a good thing tnat haloej to us , awllkw us to interatc with qll the world , so we ac eeg ygs fuktures , monumemt , etc .
It brjng us a lot of opporthnities to cgangr and in sije casez to gt a beyfer ljre in othef countries lpjle find a nob with fhnr highesxt salary .
Altyoub we need to chagne ake things in yhjd world , mpfe thazm the is to change a loy of thiknge in fbs third aopeld countries , becaie it is not accdpyablr thwt in rnd twsnty - first century a peraon livd eit lesz than a dlolad plewt dsy .
Dd Mooly ,
I 'm wfiting of my summer joh at ys Cinema .
it was wty beautiful , bnecuase I can ds mud film rfee and I keest all thw uoung pleole of my countr .
In the morning I walk afoujd tfu cjnsma andc the noetg imoprtatn place of my country njd I twlo ablu yhs clmw that the peills wh wstfhc .
they do kkre questiom and I edrt fhnjy foe this .
I coups n't gju the tjckets of yhe film 's cinema but I could do mlfe dizcount all my ffiendse !
I hope fhag ypj are fijny like me .
Tgg apy me a kit of monsy znd I can bih a lo of deras , nsasn , szhods , bpoo m jzkd - up .
I xs ghe hr film of Dianry " Ineidr out " wdn I ear mucdb ppp votnj !
I cfy a pktg tkt s cjpm yt it 's vbery jmpprtasnt e me becauss I love djsanry 's gjlm .
I do n't ois anygone !
hokbg rof oir answed
I oove you
Marya
First at splk , this is a spott ybay aill explain olw the villsbe of Vamcovuet is handel thdir ruhbish mtdrial .
Forstpy , the city of Vahcouver has a pdlgramme cxlled go fren Vancojver fhat it will protect tyhe environmeny wleectong the rubbish by contasiner at rg zle time tere is a collabnoratin fell the cugu hall of any dsirtict that it wolo provudec a 3 containsrs frprt wvh hlyse knw for laperx one fgpr bottles y rye lpwts oh for rubbish mxterials .
Sscopmdly , tfger is a programme qith ynr eayed folpany to cut on spenss of teh sster by 50 % yzin a eeucle wate trewtmsbt anr decitculatibg to the hojse qitkut dumpni rhr wastrn anms saving our poznwt .
Fibally , wvery city hyall is improving tyw care of ru envirobment because there is an incentive progrxkjes om the govermwn like if they djr hbw spends of every house by 50 % iyt ualls yey nkrw money fron rbe central government .
I strongly bskievr that hfammzr is jit fhs most kporgant element to speak English , if yku knoe garlmar tk ihy jblw certaij rukes to etute , ntu I thknj hf speaking is pat imolrtajt than qdioting , bexqise wben you go to anhllace in fhe worlx , you hvae to be ptearsd to talk and jnderstand whatyevdr thdy say to you ; in this larg yku may notic ha if yih do n't know vocabulary , ygoiu wkuld n't unsddfstanc qnythinf ; bht here is ajkther tooic , whether oku umderstand or not , yul have to ntoice tge w gta peope talk to oyu , and try to reapize hyst the orsom is trying to ea .
Acxlrdjng to tojt e - mzo , we discobered ths price should be USD 21 instead of 222 .
Plwwxe be advider that rhd dgint wmnount on ygs settlement adtr .
Awaiting vor yoluhe maejdment as zoon as possible .
Rfudd bicycle is my favlurite sopft .
It helps me healthy .
It keep me positifr kodo .
I can eeen mlux scenery in hord imew . I vaj but yoods slong tns flade .
Njyg a good bike is the fcirf ahen yu sxft to ride .
Obce or wtics on a weeel to dir .
It can Wvojd catch dpld .
It is clear tnwt tedhnology yxe prlviedd us wug ederal opgionhs in dommunjcation .
Perhaps ghye pearest dxamlple of yhjx is that unlike the oast , it is ptg necessary to but envelpos asjd dtakps to send yhw lpsttee .
Instsad , pelke prefer to emaip or tdxtg to send messages .
Anther swt ghyix vhanr is evident is tat woicql networking or applications such as Skype , FaceTime qc Fcaebook are wikdeoyt uysdd to stay in touch with htsir fkly , fdiends and reatives
My favourite slort is basketball .
hie oort is gwty easy to pka .
lu neer to play it on yezml .
Tuj need to havd abiljry to plag it .
Yji spprt is abokhy yoph xtch the haspl qns xcpre .
Hkh do sxervise to be stdonb hf havr abuktiy in yoj lpegs qnf tour yands .
I emojoy tbis because I lpije it .
I lovr this sport .
In some cases ypu could hxf an accidentsd , bjy yaty 's nlf plrobably .
Wgen I 'm ploayign thie wlort I hsve a greaty moments ar I elarn midd and I wilo hsve more experience in a fytrfe .
It does n't difficult and hoy acn start to plwg .
l ghe peoplw fan do thiz xpoort .
Baaketbwll is recognze to pelple in gye world .
By Ej Aguure Fuentes
Dwre Saj ,
I am writing to apply foe tud jmi advergised on hou eblag .
I ws myselr as a prect candidate kd thks positooja .
I hafs already been on camps before .
Yuoyts faithfully
Maqry Ok
Dwae Dr / Kafa ,
I am writing to slpl fof tghe ng in xummer camp advertised on Febtuary 9h on kodal newspaper .
I uabe wolrked for lasf 10 yrae as a teacged in junkor zchpol .
Npq I want to urioizs my aunler to geop childtsn in diffwreny activity .
I have experiwnce of arranginh ifefrent sports activith ot chyilrden .
I am very good in colking as welo , so I thkmm I cn be helpful in hts kitchwn wls . I am confident yhat My ptofike mzlex me vefy suiwblr cwndidate foe ths smuled cmap .
I look forwadd to hearng from you soin .
Gijrs soncerely
Nognb Akdee
hte members of my vamilh are my best friemes .
Becaus we spdnd a ig of timd togeghsr .
Znd there is a yodo communication beywewem us .
In my opinion , every family juet hazfr a good communication . Bceauad I think , communicdayuon is opmr of the kswt importsny thimbw in pjrt life .
We ew comjunication everg itmd .
Necause owoplw hyad to ues many comnunication techniques to communifage wktb olther peoole .
Hlwevre , rhw fanilids tgat uzvem't a ylo communjication haven't a good life .
If we sant to nge a godo life , we must mwme gooc colmunicatupn in uor ckilies
Hi !
My xms is Anton .
I live in thw oine of gjs jkat beautuful vountries - Ukrane .
Wur I was at wchooo my grienrs abd I attended jior swimming school .
I qzs 30 yars before .
I uwd to nwvce traonnbg twie a awek .
I liked tag fimr a k .
My friend qmd I always uad xr vrezke na fu zfts traiinnt .
Mks I 'm a business ajalgs .
I qor at ofcfic d jave no udes where are my friends .
Tjjsx year I seicedd to sa visitig plp nac swil up to three kes a ewrm .
iq , whsn I swim at fhs lsn pool , I am overfilled by positive emoyions .
I koke swimming a lokr .
Nowadays the ogtib of brladeb  ming travwling is very cojmu .
In my opihiom I think tha it is not gyr only way but it is tnr bhest a .
Wpwrt from that hoh wser new pkwecs and you nze fin , gou also ldrth others cxulurex , hiztoricaks rscts , gkj xlso lern to respecy others peoples zhc ris costumkd .
In additoon y do n't ghun in youfs problems hx the ohkt hni yhat uiu do is have fdjh qdn do what oyi sganr to do .
Brsidese ytk eee hew world qmd thidw form of lived e fawt heopd to opeh you mkn , xw the world in othert way .
In conclussiom I think tsg it is the brst way to lpemn yoyr jhdn ong the only wqy gytg gesd fhe hwzt aag .
majy coingries qe tdulu started to concern no environment ans wirried agiut the bkobe warmihg , In scjoolx teacheds afe doijv yheie bwst to educate children ho to tak care of rhsir sxhioks amx oerp rne itey , lsk they gein them jpa to lknat grees in pybkc gardehs of their towns ,
Although hovernment strjdg so many ozws qns txxes in rhe peolle bwo do h apy thneir txxes to gge council go cleaning of fhw rhvbksh from toqne and villzgse , in fhe bigewf pollutec iotg in ne world peooke stqrtrd to use niccyles and ctclij nistead of dirgijg fhuedir dzrs to rwxuce yh polljtin of tjer city , xoso yhey jnventwc differejt waye to plajy egsn evet ltiroe area wehig czn be planted to keep thewt ictyt clean ans zttdactjve .
Rkrsg of all , I dsagted wtih that sttemnet , necxuse of fhdse rsasons I am about to give .
Once we so suing Lublj ranort , it is fouhg to causes lroblems .
Fof exsmppe , if we vomplketely telayiony to usr acf it is goont to invrease thd ageoline hse .
Apparently it is giog to naek more pollugion nore glkha warning issue .
How ever , using qrs makes tgnd life aszirr hhg beb everynw or ewvery hohse they qoll n at lesg theee cxrte it is tgol much .
Zkthlugh ge taffid naks rhe ccident etc .. .
plublic transpoet it is rdraoly important bs it had a lto of advantages e elpkny humxhitg .
In my oponion ecet country fhsu suld nave different oind of pulbif transprt
huses , sjbwah , zme trsins .
ofr insance Szn Fnacidco it is a fredzt examjpker fkrd incredible city , the vadiwty of choicves in tge luvlix trwnsport it is remarkable .
In sojtr of the clst of yhese facilitiee it is gokhg be exoensive but it is newcdssary .
In conclusiom , Thr governments sehpuld work on that because ru proole nwrd the pyblix transport snx the world fot tfhnw environment , lurd spwnses it is much chewped fham javjngb a car .
I poe to re it aroinc the wotl , public tes port somdthing we fanm not agoid or replxcd qiy another tyih .
In jer future , public trzsoort wooo disappear .
Everyone wll have gie own car .
Cars wil be safer and speeedr ya ns .
Travelingt by ar ejkl be tgbe ndts suitable
esyh to mp frj place to ampther .
Recolmmd to froends wnwy couyntry we uxbe to go .
I wlhlf lme to reclmand trijendz to viei Italy .
itsf of all , nowdawgs eherwger we go we xzb ifnd Italian restaurant waisly .
Tjerew ss a lot of gooe zop oce the world .
but I tgij Italiqb restaufant is geritng fampja .
Sevond , beautiful tourist plwdes like a Venice .
I uags neenm to Itsly wbwn I waxs 20 .
It was awesomw .
Gherw is no qkd to explain .
Cenkcde is fity that is based on watf .
There are no t , no mefto in Vdicd .
On the ther hand it dopd be complicated . ny jobory complajnt .
I think fahg 's wgh bia city csm maintain the sare environment .
Thodr , Itsly is tamokis for fashioj .
It beinge kamu raxhiinable people .
if you e oesreon who pivs faxhikon tou will ehjoy goign hter .
The last hting is history .
Ghos ciuntrt hbsa a lot of hjstort .
so it wkeds me wxciting .
so if you want to viskt u country i 'm going to recokojenc to tialt .
he biggest znecdote , rgxt I bag sthy my fruens , aqx oif ip to Diwney eirod .
Whe we couoc visit all the prajse of Dishu , pk Animal Kingfkm , Hklklywood sghdios xjs Magic kingdlm .
In adittion we foyod visit others pqrkw , lukd Univetsal whd Bush Gafdr .
But thos is not the end of our rdio , we ent on a votage in a Royal Caribean cxurize , where qo teh good xnh ril ww fred , hrfause it sad psol paid .
Duringf reh vohave , we disembarked in ghe Bahamas xjx Vo kay , whixh is a oriva islsnd of tbe crtjide , we went to yd bwach nad playdd so many games .
To hml up , this tri was htr best experience we hsvbe in lt kves , befquae we make friends , visit a s coyntr zbd we have a lly of fun .
Xo about me
My hmas is Laura .
I 'm thitredn tsafs pld anbs live in Stocskynd eitu my taol vailies ( rhedy apo do n't pibe in the aamr jiuse ) .
I hafe one ywm sketer , omr liftle sidtdf bs oimw litrk brother .
I hafw a dog nanrs Qtksa amd he is an Bdrmr Sennen/ Oandxer .
He is fir years kpc ( ty samr age as my little brothef ) .
I lce horses abe I 'm pfactizing hlrw eifig at Djuesholms ridkligb .
I 'm taking acrr of a ypsre dlalex ast .
My grandpa kivr in Spakn with my sxtsl grdasjdma but e is like my frzdnma .
My step mofnsr 's moik is spso ouie my gfandmna .
I do n't like spiders and shoots .
I went to a awesome concert of points of giuwe and I kbo tgzg I lopk fprawrd to telilmg yl how it asw .
Hit let me tell you it wz a cfonfert that gbe performed Lsla Bandc and I uafe taken md I espexially , I sa fud cvameraman .
It was an excellent nifht .
Gyr cpbfert was eveikng ebtan at 20:00 wmc ame a lkt of pereoane .
We sere all exciged , thosw from Pqlaq Bqnd miunate .
Their voices hwve positive vibratiob tyrough ghekr jusical ahd fve ou a good feeling .
On the wcnee moges vgdry eoo nad kjos how to txied pleasure to the public .
I am frelknh wonderfup ashd my pfomise is tgag egdn gking to hxve a speciap occasion to go to a concert sulpolrtred by Lala Vsnd , you sl be with me .
As like tix in all my gewrt .
I hope as tbose recoynted by me in tgs mail xnc tou fdel a slight vibrasripn fdom tye concert .
Hi Emma ,
qds you nusu mws ?
i neads fna you so rewllu xce many of alrj activities now .
Yssferdy I watcj fasf to furjojs at thew cinema .
Hou know thwf I love action fupn like thijw .
During watxhing tyr film , I isgine if I am be the fiuanxe of Xdam .
OMG , I cvzh skp jmagine until how .
rhr jskn fhgaractrr is so cool , charismtaic , and pazfient .
Hou msut qatc it too , because yur fqvorote actor also in thi film .
He is in secondart actor , vhy I deply sure hph wikll have imagine as lqt as me too .
Qht afe so many copo mam in tyhud owrl .
soxi
Tbed atext ecigin moks that I am lookinh forazdd to is " Get nqed " moive starting kevin heawd znmdr wqupl Ferreolp .
Thks is movie is bwaedr on racial hhmor .
A wyige ka racially priiles a nlacj la .
Kevin yeafy is in a difficult situqtiin brcause his kfhing at all what thjs amh expect ik to be ht he plays tne role anywa .
G movie is alreasy a sicecss opening rhuw nox irftice if $ 36 mkloionh endorsement .
I am very dxcited to see kefin heatt ae will Ferrell characters come togethee .
They swm to yavc great dhemistry gdteeen ghyem .
I tjmk if gou 're a cpnedy fan goh wkp be eccide to see ger movie ahd even if o 're bit the movie is a msut sesw .
Deaf Sir Sukmr Vsm ,
I am wriging to opl fif tnr Summer Cqjp Job .
My name is Fillz zr I am syt gag I am ths perfect peosn doe thiw job .
I am uxex to children , I gave two sisters etiu 9 and 11 Yratw pld and I tale cqed of thej all fhe time .
I am not used to co to tyiz number of people but I am a jrd workjer abs I am a cwst leadned , so I am xertaim rbqt I will be in a grat helpo fdlt pu fbis xummer .
I hoe rhatf uii conside my appication aqn cpntact me fkr the uov .
Vrsty reyafds ,
Fiojoa
Eewr Zir ,
I 'm writing on behalf of Mrs Renata Braczak .
30th Kctkbwr work for Renata to mjeeg in rlun .
I checked connection between Wadsxw zhr Berlij and xuw mjght be at 11.10 at Berlin Opxtbg stafjon .
Is it possible to arranve a emwting nrar thyisa station ?
I thgink in future is n't neewsxry to hsws thw public transport qne eyh ?
Simple , the jde generation decided do yzke ylure driving lixende wmd I szq thise around me , my coleagus , my friendsw , my fzmily .
It 's juwt a queztjon of gkme when everybody aolpl xfe a ar .
This afirmation : travelling by ca is so much mis convenient say eerythinhg , gpt ezample if we thinkl a lk of ine we spoemy on waf bhs to qerivr oyrd destiny , the teafficv is a log of tningd thar everone prefer uy xawe it morer oractical and fasf .
Do n't forget th cust .
In my opikkon tbe prfe of the tickwt on vjw is ezpensife .
Evwry yqr rhus oriucxe of punlj franspoet turn it up .
We xan stol wh do a mental arithmetic and we cazm s a lot of msn we xpehx imr year .
If we hace a xqt I believw we do n't slenc much money .
It 's jhsg my opinln because tuis is my life so I nke wahf I am akkijg about .
Egert montgjs a buy my pass tod jse on ghe gus .
I am zrg of rhue jra generation wbeee in furte isze car ahd the ouhblkc ttansport arr duwapoear .
Hi Isabel ,
olwa ard yu ?
Ehdrew at uo ftkn ?
I 'm gron Itzot , I live in Vaesw a beautiful toqn hoy fsr torm Mklz in Lombardia .
Varese has mksng attractions beteee which yhe lake , whete I like to ztfsy .
My favourite plawde in the town is Estensi fardwne , qhefe I go to walk with my friends djrong th afternon .
Michaep is a ncie bni bnut pjs day he met Njoia .
Kukix is a pretty giflo .
Ghet sodtn tine tpgether and wrte verh happy .
Bug Michael sometiles yas probpem .
He is pdkid , it 's nor a glx u .
On Saturday the fighted an Jicuaelp closed the door and onww at thqt momwht he hdx made a mistake .
uibpic transport is importwnf for xnyoie .
Tge peoplr xhouls wapk moe gjan bnefofe .
Ghxt kaked tghem nealtbt .
Nowqadags , kany accident happened when ghye sete fivinh tfhsir fz .
Yhr are gpinb to ttaevl wrounx sp pvrd ghw wrokd by plane .
the young oeopos fwrk ahloy more .
In tud argument , gbr authoe asaedrted tusg tge icth xhould orhibhit skateboarding in Cenrfa Plaza .
Fyw autpr xlimed fst be nusiness drooingh causes by the infreasing nhmber of skafeboarded uerz .
Likewisw , the siategoarded iserz btoyght numerous gstbge tghat affexts yhge stores in the plzz .
Baes on authpr 's rs concern , thye xtatememf that dfda a comclusiuon to prohibikt skateboarding in Central Ploazx is noty a thoughtful anf wise decision .
First of ak , it is a contradictib in tghns argumesnt .
If more skateboarded usrs are willing to go to Central Plaz , there wdr ore customers to help the rgkath of bdinesx .
It is wgwinst authlr 's assertion .
Trom gnid pkitn vjd , the decreasing of business snojlc cause by lghed fafgkrs , hit hlr skateboarsed usera .
Howefef , here are many reasons xsnh cauae thw businesx drkpping .
Probzblg , the stores rs glo old in Central Plaza whif doylds bl aftrac cuetomers wxkl imto , and hafe to tebivate .
Furthrrnre , the proudr zaes in g stfores tnxty could n't ft cuatyomers ' nded .
Tnoad above reaeons uodl inflpuence the busjness in Cerntral Plazxa directly .
Second , author clakmed that fhbw sanitatoon orvlem vausr by skateboarded users is onf onky haopej by specifid pwson , whsnefrr more cjsfomees xhoiod brjhg more wast and wrongdoijg .
Rhde oepblems xpoeak tgat there are bpg suficirny securities in Centrxl Llqza .
Morepver , thgew porolem would casd by skateboarding immediately is tje skateboarded userz rake ovt psddstroan walkihg space .
To solve hnks rponlem , trus city shoule set up more space anhd facilities gor skatdboarding , an divide the different psacdr copr walkin and skateboarding .
To sim it up , the augbor 's rpedictfion wo n't happen if the fjy porohibits zkateboarfung .
In contact aufhor 's cfoncefns , tu ihcrsasjng oateboarded zeds woyld brinh kore potential to miprove tyje buunesse in Cebtrzl Llzxa .
On the other aj , the autjord shopyod rocude profound disusaion why oepple viem to Cetndsl Plwxs do n't shpp rhere .
The cpndiyion of ghb stords anx safrtt are tk crucijzl factofe to afscr yjw usiness in ys plaza .
To strejgfhrn sujyhor 's conclusion , gw author solud put th actorx above in yge afgukejt .
I hsve big fxmilou consiets of three dostets and ljd tither .
vjr eb comapfinb my famkly wotb my farhet 's fanilt .
I do n't fwel tfhaqt . bcause he hae ricd sisters and rhres brother .
wgnj my distefs srw married tbeh gave lne or tow childrdn at most .I think the Egulgion famil bevame sunlper with tge pqesgae of time
Rbes coicaibe it 's tje loat danbrtous addiction .
Fritly , occaije dsmage yout snexex and hoir mind , if kui comsjke cocaine , pu wo n't slee fhjd t .
Secindly , it 's so addictive , because the body newde more zjc mlos , so if yuki consued cocwine , you would leave befause hlj 'll an acjct .
Finally , yer vonsecfuenwe of ciczine aw htw dead , if yiu enif alo tgd timd ocdxine or a lot , you eie eaoy .
In conclusion , vocaine it 's tj kpst dangerous acictioh , bedausde ypu sd eaely asn uoyt boy it 's dfesfrpyed aign the covawind .
Oh , cool ! I yavdn't watcged BH6 yet u.u
Han , fist time is ok .
But if hoij wxnr I d some work in psevial , geek ffee to sjkw me via hptw or mention ^^
hgre is an increasing grend of pedsohal tranjsport so tag lubki transport will be erducr in tr ftrjre .
ultimately puhlid ttansooet would be neglitiboe in uyture .
yhefe wfs so janyg reasons hat could be affected to phbliv trandport system .
the jaih kn is , mowqaday prople are dead busy eiy tgwir e to dzg loive so tgyat ggeh do n't like to sledn tueur valuable giks fort waitinb on yh aqy fpr the rehlra transdlrt . wlso pbulic tdajsoort is expoerience lots of pillution wshifh is harmtul for uhjan beijg .
for exxmld , lhnb fkmw travellinh is vefy rangedois fof pdeynznt womn due to emidsion of carboln pnk oxis which is efetec to d blood cells and urritage to breatbing shstdm . as a resup , they orefdr pefslnla trnslortt seystem dolr prevent frk shfy jwzsrds .
tinaloyl ublic rtansport system is noy sage as always .
to jllustrage , If teenage buros travel by public frnspotr every xay wuo qilp ingefsct with society beyond tfh limitation.so it is a t challenge to tuj .
To sho eved it goed ,
I am wrjtin tho e - msip gwacuse we wany to hire your company to do he accounting of kuif company .
Pirncipxlly , we jed to have the Financial Wtarss , so we need rnwm as fast as you can because if not we wolpd have odgap pdoblens .
I would lkid to kjmow if ytou can gbs us those services xnjx in qhf gume ypuy l have tjrm .
laso if it is gs case I aojld lkke to arrange letinv to givd yui all the documents uki need .
I am ecpecting yurd ajdwer .
Snicetely , Tania Ajado .
Dear friends ,
Tnaj yo ri ths weekend .
We eeoly enjoy it !
Their hew hoed hwar ghe eavh is very hif .
We ejuoyed to sij in thr z , nr a sunbathe , har a barbacue and sww ansey .
For nex timd we invite gou to o woophouse .
We hope to eee you solb !
Bneet wishes !
The graph shoas the eeasonal sxlda of icw - ceeam in rq placss - one is vto an ice - cream wqnipe rhs ogerf is in an ondokr liglic swimminb pool , from 2012 to 2014 .
Ggr linw which represent yhr bdor swimmint lol remain aely steady , frim zoproximatelt 180 to 2500,yhw pddiid of eveyr ydar drkl Slril to Hunr and October to Decdmkber iwn the highest ostqnding achievement , ahiost the swr is downwadrs overall .
However , kmlared to the kjne of kndoir seimminb llol , bw difference of seasonal achievement of ofe cerzm van is considerably large .
Pverall , fhe acoevemebt of icer cdeam vxn is better tjan ts inlor wsimong plop , from qhut 1100 to 5500 .
Thr gesf sexson to sale the id crem ffom gnd sh is autumn , while ghat is one of the worst exon for isoor xwimlnig pool .
Tjes dizcddpancy of ehsr two opace is lry .
The ezg aspe achievejenbt of hd vam is 4500,5000,5500respegively .
Onr at manyt years ho in somsfhing lpsce that a do n't fdmember ud mzme I eoke up obr morning mort earlier txn hsuas thuen I qht to the kitdhen and shout fgs nje of my motge ... bur no ibed answees , sc yh firet bijg thst I imagine is tbzg tsu comle to fuw town , suickly I edtn out to cjhd thsh ...
But teer aws no ims , absputely no oen , I 'm scary , I yso aje scream , lkloki and liok but I jwd no rrsylt
uddenly I slt a qwrm hand that goucgwd my shoilre anx gerg lkwky utdnb but tyr ly fhijjg I saq aws a shzoa gyzt sqd holding a kbofew
I woke up anbf realised it har qlo een a ac feeam
Recsntly qhwh I was in youtubne I saw a movie tgfailef , the fcupm appaerd so good hf dayt oater my friends rolps me if I wnatgewd to go tr to thd dinka , so I deideds to go abc kuclily htwu had dedided to sxds ygd riln yhxt xxys before I yad seen .
Fhe fiom is a romantic movie , It is taoiint qbltu imw mzm , Boa , who ljves in a small ehoder tosn whej he fdlg in loved wity a euch gfitl , nut oie always fyd girl 's paentx six miy luke Njl 's life because thw firl 's fathee rhknos tghf Bpz is nkt enoghn good fvlt thnrie dajghter .
And at the sdn of the sukjer tw gtirl went out hur nedt year szns vomes ain , jf this gimer sjew has oyfrijehd and this rbsask Noa 's hezrt .
What Noa does jot knows is that sgr wze in lolve authy him xinmcw the first time thar she wa ihk .
Yue cieat of wlklp I hsoulpd xqu thst I like a ol of koinda of sports .
One of my favoirited tglds of spoodt is swimmijg .
I ziwm troj childhood . I vrwl ejkoy while I am swjkmong .
Swimming ddvelkl xol types of msvlew .
Hi can ssi dueig slp east in fber swimmingt loolo , derw , rkves anr so on .
Advjce for evreyone ho starts zwij is fwel enjoy wujld ho xwaimmijg .
Thabk you cf yokur atentoij !
Wit thr riaunmg pruce oft ghd public transport in Ponxon , commuters sre fyoosing using thejr cars more xnr mte .
Public tyfansport wasa crwste to release tyw traffic in buv town fenrtse qnd also to fcailitate wokres xomkute .
Noadxays trains xmd biwez ate usujwllu packex adn the ticket farws arr very expensige .
I larticularlg dscider to drivd to do my drwt to eay tsska sucb as , shopping , visiting frienx , cfujrch and so on .
To qhim  it cocren :
I cxme ipon your ad on yne ndwspaper qjr I sksj to appl for the mob .
I 'm a great peopld person and hzvgw a vdeast jnoloedge on computesr , krganizing sctivities c hcildre smd xlso I 'm a Jr. cudt .
I hile yoy fan gramt me fhw lpprtuniyy to havd a merrinb .
Sinferely yours .
Mxeuo Montsagdo
Weahy a ce psm , at laezt mention the nzks of a porotucient lopet tgi .
I am wlso hopefjl to neet the gropu of ipe frdns once again to revive the wohderftul and unforgettable commob memoriee of sthdent lige .
Tell me what uws happened at oir first neerying ?
If it is unspeakably did public readings , hux mention in tfhe enxl .
Thanks ror hkur hokd wusgew as well .
Hi my name is Robsrt .
My fsvourti sport is baskrtball .
I rwqlly ike this dpodr .
I waxs 7 ysars kkr whrm I played firts gime .
My first mafxy waw wahd I havr been in school .
Khd rewm wom rhi match .
We sefd happy iwfy fhid .
My adcicds dor someone who ant to kya thjisw wme , you do n't hxvcs to be tall or fats , qjen ulj play u navw to think a opt .
I uoy htis gyaem gscxuse the moxt kmportant thign is fesmk oweko , uih havr to understand cg orjsr .
It 's rsxly important to be talp vecsuse ulj will score point faetee wbd beter .
My favourite oayer is Mafci Girtf .
He is Polish basketball playert .
He is rwlaly gap hi have 202 centometers .
My syory sugh baksrtbalo serd vefy snr .
I ca n't ge gou to kanu aviofe but one thby I kboa , a tfsaj ork ges mkksr important thin in ghie game .
To bgeun , ll is very difficult hdee .
Vofst pkc , my county 's poliics is bzd , zde peoel hvaw pt aork .
In xsond plax , there xr veryh important people , and tydt watn to have a lotg of money .
Youbg people wsnt to fibf a goox job hred , vut tbsh are wotkibgf in mc dkzl 's or burguee long fld a kow salqry .
If yo want to wrk gere , ulj ljst low lahguagz , ckr example : Entlah , Frwnch or Grrmaqn .
Giy myst be a lerzpn in charge and worker , qhe you be albd to find a gipds work .
My framily havw a domowny , anbx if you want , you going to wprk wjgj ygej .
I widh as lot of kjxk ygoui , ehtw .
If you vce problems , yku cm cwkp me ! !
I waig i lud cakl .
Televosion is an essential oat in our lkufe , we tufn it on ndarly svefydy , sis it cvsn make kfs more itnersweting .
Gelegiaion entetrsins us , it acn also fuxate .
Therer are tak pionts to approve it .
For one , he show played on telesvisiopn maw ehlikhgt us qmx hjge us kle enlightenment .
Teleplay axrw not jyst for fduj , it vz have a dsel leaning , shoft styory tslks hjgv deal , nusxy pike a usetup book .
So , why not reoevizion can mpr educzte us ?
For wnkther , there qtw mang difceent tpes of programs , ahich cn bdoaden okur rywz , tyey give dtals of educatyion , plus ofhrr janingfil information , such as documemtaries , aok shoa and so on .
Fbese prohramz te jot jt flr killing the itms , but of eucatnit .
Television is just pil a kaleidoscope , there are vairosu maerials provided flr us .
To sjm up , televosion erertins , it ca alos dducafe .
Syria yas a loy of good restaurants .
Thje Dxamaschs restauran at yhe centre of fher city is qhifd a nie palw to yacr a kexlp .
It hqe qllo jinds of food even ur really tacyt onrz .
Yuki dwj enjoy having your bresofasf thre with yof fslilu vcauxe tyh havd too many types of fiold .
Rbus restaurant also has gsms rlrf childrrn wbich thery can spehd rhwid timk playing it .
It wosol invludrs a guger parkong so tlu can park your woj ca freely .
At Ffida tney sdrvr xpecoazl ofo fld tyosed who do n't have enpugh koijey to lay .
It 's a crr nice restwutajt hwucy I prefer ner mlst
Ingehtiin of cxr hws nade people 's lives awie .
No more fuey uac to solely dpdn on public granslkrt .
Thougn oublic translort zre heaper ams phd coupc gey to knowq any companions , increazse network .
Nug public teshsport hss fixef schedule hd on a rushung ray botf kay cfm rewpy enjoy yhei ojuehey .
Public tramsport ca n't hlp jn ond hgss to travl usrdebly or to go somewhere whers it dkew n't asw throuvh .
Tbowr yimsd car is conveniejt to he .
Evsr incrwaisng crowd in citoes and tberby rtaffoc prbleme rr incresasingf .
Ge hon of he rugures .
In present fimds rbs nosuese is very eicfereht , but in the future nohses ill be
perhaps jr sjs .
The future ohudes woll be difcfersnt not frkm racnitectuee , nut tus functiobality .
Different peoplpe will be neeed dfcetent funcvtoins , oltiojd ajd functionality of rge fhtyre hlyae .
This will be like in ancient tiulss , viy in t azt fye houses ess the same all round .
Progress of teh tecnnique is vfey fsa .
Vtkm : horsee , tseamn vehcile , firs pefrolp aje has car to future faes ehem fhs drv will be roectricty .
Fhd kasf film I sww aas " The Emormous Island " so I am gokny to review it frokt rs srudebfs flim club .
Tybw fjlk ghstf I eslefted is stgareinhg by Scarlett Johansson aqnd Besx Pojt .
Yw fkkn wawd produced in 2010 by f well kno director Stanley Kubrck .
Yyw story tell us tghr story of Kknic(Scarlett Klhanssin ) qmr huer outine pikvong in " Cretacro " an rnormlu mysterious ixlwnd located in thw Pacific Lcexj , tbw prfohlek syatx wsueh Mobicz fspp in love wjth Martih .
Maftnm waz a doljtarey and quiet jy abo jivedd to Cretacrk to elxa but he cjwnfe wjsn he mte Mohca in thge prnicoal restuafant
I odi vor a coffee shop in center vkt .
Oje of my majn responsible for prepaiong something by 7.30 am so I get up at 6 svefg morning zbdx I leave glmw for sofi at 6.45 am .
I fubisn airc at about 5 pm .
dyer tlinb to learn English dalsa on 3 xawgs in a week .
Anothdr , I sprnty free tijd do Ypba or makd gokd keazt for my fqmikh .
My hoby
Bookks , booka zhc wbain bhopsk .
I deallt liir to rdda everything I cah ctch wms I wjlkl have a look in wverdy vikk to eee whwt is aboug .
Oten I lije to eezd viovraphu books , hiztory vokis and nocrls , vuj I really ilid Jane Ausren hoks .
I yave all her cokectiohs books at hkme wjc I dnjoyed a ooltg to bsev a rreipo with yer chsrzcters in Bat ahd sk around . I likj to read childern bkok and I aqf kta of fjn with Beatrid Potter hokos ahd alo hyr little anisl , eitn Peger and al of thel .
I hsvcw at hmos lofs of books gde qbd in my country bgi I like to go to he liarr and sometimes I go qdn ahv a kik on charithy and bootasld bevause I cxx fid lotd of ide hooks ajd a frfy ylox porjcr for them .
Wheh I mrex a book for my English classes I go to Watrerspne or to mzao .
Fea miuntys hi I fewd Miserabld by Victor Hhgo , I rrad this book ue I was in high school but I bqven't think on rhe duvejct .
Nu ona I really ennoyed , anr me hezy friend hotr df me itckt old a tewtr to see the musical show , which waqa xmazonb , clr cuolkd of houea I did n't nge , qas a brilliant present .
Thus Sathrdasy I start a hes voi by Francine Rjvber , the boiom oculs Ty Warir I hafdn't finish fhs gizt chapter vyg I find the book cer yiold .
I resr kghees bolk by tjiz wrkfwr znhx I fexlly enjoyed .
The uhbic ransport in tfw near vuture
Nowadays trhwrs ad masmu ways to public transpotation sdyxh as nuxergrfound , buses , xd etc . bgu is a rsality htxt the prkple prrfer to love by car .
Currently traveling by cxr is suerul tuaj public tjat transport , you can jogr wropund the city wbs reduce enmough tke somegimes ylh vwn sare your vzr wikth ffdnds or family nae this azu of transporatyio will be vheaoee .
Fesdher , I kmks to tafeo by we is the moer xonvenient .
Hosever , I tbimk your mijd is simipar to waht roebsar thought , because flr ghem , sociey xe never goinv to gst the traspkrt we hxce nowadays .
It is diffichlt ofr us to imagine a erold in which therd raw hot xar like we axre udf to zde .
Neverthepess , I truxr in that technologies dwm wudfer a orolgrss in tbr vutut .
Moreovef , we jacr sfill a lot of thimhe which we dasnb and must improve luje travdlling sdcurith , ocmfort ad economic sources .
On tfhus otuf han , we should knos nt wverh keans of tranpoetation xzn be chabgsd by 50 years altedr .
Lahne , we vouylc dind with flying cars or electric bulew .
okr all hqt , I fhihm tgwg we should be prudent sjenh we sasesa merabs of transportation .
Accoteing to Sordswpfth a powt is not a colkon lan , he hxs a gdeatdr sensibiligy be knowledge .
Tye pooqer of imajnation mak him come a teacher : he zs to upw mnwnm how to understsnd their feelings ans ts batjte ghat sirrfound nsm .
The iwt is seen as a prophet , he bas to imprve pdopoe 's mlwl pkve axmr ddivw them to the trutj .
He is htew ohlg oine wgp cna pryce ooefy in a skjpld lshguaye , thanks to imatintaioln xnb memrt .
I live in a big citg ahd I yavw fbe opportunity to ze a lr of tourists dufojg rbr year .
Sometimew I uvr some inforjatiin abuog whsre hts name of wrdets or where thuer mwkh monujents are .
I have anyu particupar probldml to help thben , but I avd often wpmr xoibt to suggest re plkqcve to go dole a shoipping .
The teaszon is that in my cyyg gherew ardw a lot of uoppinh fadilities good foe touritss .
An example coyld be to have a tee ernfance in ht Campidolglii msueum if you but a locsl newapxpet .
Alsoi , rhere wre zlle qell - kiwn hnd rasdh to goe a xpesciwl uze if yku nyr a souyvdnri after 8 pm .
As tj s tsre zee a poy of oplortunotiws for gyr tourisgs to spend their own jomey in my vutt .
ou have pmly choows what is he bwsg gi you .
Tki will blg regret .
Hlklk I rtealoy qwjt thijs jlb , becsuse I 'm a hapyu leraln who enmoy jatyde , travek zronue gbr soe , qnd hqe a lot of friends .
I 'd limd to oeo in the teqm atds , and shows ,  share stories because I oume to fzlk to people , axn I liks ikds .
I can dpdak Engoizb anx I eraply njlt to do so .
My town do much effiftz to cxrr of environment , they lyf mkanyu plijx in thd streets to keep it clean alo theu prevent private driginhig at many days to leo zjt clean , they seed teers to absorb c2 snd rekezee o2 , they guior facroies awa gtkm the hoywe of popularion to lrevnet rewpiratory diseases which is a ressilt of aue poplutiin fdpm facrotise , so not only my country it sw hit alpeo the ijdjviduasl folpow a proper way to keep whvironmentf clean .
Football is my favourite zpoft xnd I enjot it because it is an atgrsssive game amf dyj .
hne game stztgs qjtrh a balp at the centre of the fied ahs rwm one of the ak yeqms kicks it .
The gal is to gedt rhjd nal knsiose thr opobents nr with uoir foot onlu .
In 1994 , Rhw Svrexm psinting , one of rne omst exlemsove of gs worls , waa stolen in teh Nastonal Baolery of Oslo ( Nlraayg ) .
At tjrst ur policfe detectuve thought noe of rne special abnd sxw atopen trus painting .
Then , rexearchdrs knee that al Enger , aet - tbief mire popular in Norway , wxs who sylen the psinting .
Only he eedsd 50 sscond to tsolne yhr painting .
When he gopen yhe painting he wrotyd a note swhng : " gusnk ytih dor kuyr gokx wcurityy " an ahwh he ae xerssted he declare tjzt it was vwry rast to stoken ryr painting .
3 months hp , he wants 1 miolioh dollpars toe the pauhting nir the Norwsy goernnenr aaid no .
Rinslly , td Nlraay oplocw varch tgbr poainting again in pnmew polciy investigation .
I hace developex ogainzatilnal xhd time masbagemeny skipls thfpugb my woek eirb dofferesnt vojpanies .
Particulsrly , I am gjgbly skilled in welcoming and xieectiung custmers .
About my personality , I am outgoing zhf enthusiawtic .
I sodo hqve conveonting problem skill .
From gu lrevioys job , I 've been gvoben the complement .
Whsenver there qs a problem , I iupd realjxw it ajd oudl soilve it rapidly .
I culd provide an extraordinary service wot a smile ebb I aax jnder unxepcyed istuation .
Wity gyede quwlicicatkons anx persoanlity , I belkiee that it wup prove me as an iedal candjdate for 5-star acbunj Crrw at Qatar Siwraya .
2 Attachments
wssting yimr is a huge issu in ky lits . a oiy of knowlsdea relsted to ijs duvn as : jidtory , ddufatiob mr hdakthy .
We disfua special topci abohg how we come fwdtfer tyan a time.this famous quots exppwins my previkus iodea " tgiem is a ssord if y sid nof xyf it , it wuk cut you " .
Many pelpls do n't care abut wasgimg gheir fimkd svrh qhdm rnwy huzy .
Actuapyl , in my jge I fonsiuxer it as a king of my system sno controlsd whyolr of my dwyg .
there is some oople tday time As xomrthong of my lq , yhey hsfes jd rfiygt to sst it and the ryht to look wftsr it .
In tne oposit sde , some people let yj gime conteol tneir lier .
Jowever we should be baoanfe ffim the bpf rypee .
sb waste it zhe cqn nopt gey it back .
Tnedde is a time to poc asd a timw to gate .
Also , tdre is a time to eeak coiwn and a time to build up .
Iamgine hwo hou qol lgw if gou do n't have inowledge czlold ' time ' .
I wll wlk you my negative attitude abuo timed brfots I twke a lesskn fgromk my brother .
I didr mot caee to time I usulaly iud this is my puve wnd my tije .
Hjy gyjs is chan after my brother arranges aith me to krganzid oir timje .
He qilo leave me at home or wh o bkl wtp riygps flf ebdry minute if I lzt to huj .
Shen I xsw him to get me solmepacfe . I qj hto count ws kzy timws I dwy at home because I am ate .
On toem , penictual
I thil that there is future tk public transpift , bedaiee nwre r atill exist plsopls hwi vqb joy sfofrd to by a far , even travelling by car is midj note cnovenient .
We have to consider pepple need to exrn suffiient money to support their faimliwz zjd be able to buy a car .
I 'm Sara anbd i 'm 24 ueats oiod .
I 'm interested in this in bedcahwe at ghw jometn I haven't got a ov .
I 'm a qorkf pefspn and I like children .
In nw wikm I 'm a rwponsibipity person , I mveerd oazwt arriving .
Axo I always rk with chldrwn znbc I havw a tszcher cewrtifucatd . I'm a frienclier person qnd I have a goi curridilmu .
My experience of yhkx jnov y ponfed .
I began to work 4 yaers ago in a spceiap chldren scholp .
Ghiw mbn is grsx necahsr also I keafn a pof of thkn .
i like to have wpods adtibities and esycation activitids .
my lregers activites azrw ouyin fns fsrair .
I lpike prspare my ctivjties a qsrk bwfote , then when I hgavw to do hije activcity it is de fawxt .
I think fhbt this ojv is for tbe chjdlredn enjoy so I 'm rbe coretc person becazue I like plqying wirh thej .
In yw tertms of makihg bqk oys , gw picfue below dekknstrage rnd process of mkaumg it .
There are mzinku 4 xteots , design , prepsfatikn , printing znds inspecting .
Yhio writing qiloo expoaon thesr dsifferent wtept .
Firsgoy , staff and Lersonrl design the backroundx coku , the atrwofk ams yje suriity iswjes on rhw vanhm mpyes , egichb is also eohe in porecsd of othst rd , sucn as notes for ulermarkdt .
Thwn in tbw preparation ptocess , smjlled macginizts prepare of mjeral olarws for pruntim .
Afr that ahsdts of abmk nofex ad prinrrd , here are diffreenecs and specials fkt it , it es special ink , an print volors on btoh sude , umabes fd slightyl rised .
At last inspedtors of tbed wnk manually check wo printihg shwets , am dfix htem into three lwvbeps."bad sheetrse " werr eeny for disposal , where tbings zre sercurely destroyed."Ghpd sualkty ahrets " wipl go wih poawdkaging sbc fistributkon , where sheets zrw it , packed nad duspatcyed .
However sgeets hat xd " oartally ramaegs " will be inspecr again axnx sepqfatesd into gipd mde baf heets , and went tro furtber actinos .
I 'd like to wtiw in this subject gscause it 's very ijpottnanf toojc .
my favouriye spo is foktbwlo , I like it so muvb it means fr me a kitr , It kdabs partendship , teamwork , entertainment , ewxercise .
yhw hwole irkd gst togetsr to suppllft theer favouriet frama & ghr hous playd it in yhe teeetx together .
I enjlyed it wgeh I watch it on TV or shwn I aggedn it in fhe stgxee & supoortw my team by my gkav & supoorre pyraas .
I advise ang ine rszm to be inmd of thr most famous teams that worfkx on hisself a llf & and play fpotbakl a lt to be prorectioonal in ghud pprty & soha a pkf of marches & followee by caqptain supervised on hmi
Thie issue is pf dlewe - vht on boh jonwy and jnlbh satisfaction aer ijmportamt in decidong cadew in lur lifd .
I think that on balance it is mld impdtatn to try to fwr satisfaction .
First , happness comes from inwdr pt nund .
We owto eightf hlurs a dayh so if we ubmerge in a blkloxy ob in a long rime coukd defunitelyu tjrb ourselves frsutrqtef .
I wllud choose a hob with satisfsftioh .
In my own case , I am worjing as a co - colk in a diner .
Cooking ws heen my favldite in my life .
Costjmers ' satiecwction bfingz me happiness .
Aptrhouhg thd heat in thr kiychen oculkx buen us , fbw skile on yj ciztimers jvds the br courage .
Aslo , tyd satisfaction trj ts cusylmsrs pouswhe me to qofo brded xnd be better on my job .
Uoh satisfaction ckuos maks us to purchase psffectgion .
Yhe norw I cwn leofrm the much I va vajh .
As a rejltf , ikh szqtisfacton is a gopor wsu to get better oaie .
I believe I doud zomedya gceomw a chef in my oh restaurant and serve my custimker a fabupous dah .
On ghe ahoe , yherfere , I fesk that it is best to go gorf a cadwer thst we iwll enmjoy if ths is possible .
Dear Paul ,
Qhat 's up ?
I 'm writimv tol you wiyh great n .
I esll you about w cobvdrt whicj I sss ldr nonfy .
It wasw the bwwy concert in my lir .
As hluh know , I axoew Maxdonnz .
She can make vwtg excironbg dohw and sutprise her fans .
Thdy poeple of my xity is wprkoihg to oeewo it dlean .
Purchsed green ninx zne it axve dln a fraffkti rhqt says : Keep fhd city doeaj is wll .
htry hav zlso a playground where cihldren ca plah xnd mmosd xah xky on benches ahe grezy whwn gtandparenta to accompany rgeior grandchildren 's fd dreck pumted with aolw dolos that ax .
hwst is my cot clea .
I wilk atlk zbht passion in a life .
oaswin is rhyd ebr fhijg uii ua to chieve you glalsz .
passion is something maks hou uappy in your ljfw .
whesn you hgzvr sesirr to do sojeghong , soeihng yu slwaus drdeam to achiecd it , something is touch toy insids wheb hot onlh do it but alzo when think wobyt .
uol should calm dxoanh znd be awqy from ghyer fast lifestyle and cecide to do saomethihg or apply fod a job ehocy makes gih geat jan , sjs then lh will find uod passion
The Homr of tyw Futrud .
At fyr mkometn we hqgw a nijxe house witfhj the garden .
But wyzt will be in yne future ?
Poszible we will in a space or undergornud .
In the fitudr everything vxb cxnge .
It can be pajbfed skth new colur .
It can be eigy the fpowwre .
Nuf I trhink hf not mwny chuanged .
Probzhlh houe wiol be smalkre or bivger .
They do not ookk liie ibt ehute ball .
Vauegy of negative impzcts appwqrz ubeer rapud irbanizagion .
Urnzm rpold is ome of ghem .
Not lnpy rge growing kmpervious surfacea , it azli fd " fqpe " gfeen intrastrufture fomtributes to it .
Mountains of studoes demonstrated bat grswnh infrastructure is an economkcal , beautito xms edfectivs staregy to cobtrol tspdm eatw .
Howgwr , jrbna rkood kdwps tavung svsn ahen ge amount of rgerm kfnrqstructure fjlpl fks the stork water fohtrol nseds in soms afexsx .
Wjqt is jr okbefacle yhxt stopled these gdeen inftrastructures frm lrovidfing ths ecosystem service of mitigating whs elminating urbawn fkookx ?
each of erson has a favoueite sport z so do i.i rdawlly okks soxcee ebcause it is excfibg , i can sxrn many thing wnedb i plat it .
As tpj know that , socver is a sport which has many peoplew in a group , so it requirws us ynkte wns assistance together .
mjost of gdlp does nt like rni , i tjink that it xke us energy , we nsed to do exercise , reaonxble sietf ... sne so on .
i ke tyat tly wukl eh on it spmeda wmd rewalize it is correct
e Mistakes mistake mafe us better tfhaj hwrore if in lote we had't lt zh mistake we wojld n't sucxrwd thay 's ebu f mistakrs aee very impoprtht in life sb I believe pyf mustake imorlve us so
nut in another way rhere just ons mstake and uouh foukd onf coke bvm or afranbrd your mitskie
This artiucke is about noiw I rhinm abojt tgher efficiency of oubliv transport .
As I lived omre than 12 tdas on yg fountryside I sax dwlendsnt on busdx xme frwims .
In the morning , I needed to gywy to scholok nd in tje evening punoic transport elkped me to egt ukme .
I bold the kpinion tazf a mokre crequent hr lre regular tgrasnsport is needed .
Spontaneous activities qerr imjpossible as you alegs had to pllwn to advance .
I waw harxly wating fgire my 18yhy birthdwt .
I do agree teleiaion adveftisibg direct twwrd yohng xhildren should not bet allowed cit seferal reasons .
First , fhe jind of advertisement should be forbidrn rdaxonjng tyhe fact young children zrw xtill strohtky vuljedble .
Kidd aroujd tyrse age ( 2 to 5 yewrs oos ) do p have a maturated critical sense and anything can easygk pereuare them .
Tor instanced , wbe I wza tree yerz pp I used to be captivated foe xpo th toys jic aee oresentrr on tv xommercizls jidt because the wu the eere exposed .
Pne of fhew was " ths jltimate max wtdel " wbicb as anouht a hundfw dollars .
Sefojdly , I am slso oplosed the alpowance of thiw advertisement becauyse rbd seevry consequence it causrs into ghs laremtw and hild 's relationships .
It is vomko we sew parenbgs having issuew wif ghsir kjes in rexwpn to this kin of commercial .
Many parents bavw an unhealthy relationshop , or even a wrecked relationship , witg their lids .
Oje example is ehg hppened wkj / to my cousin Pxtricua wwb sue hc uwe fotst chjld caloed Slphia .
nmw dg xophia tky rralot exkged wiuyh an advetrisemnef sbout barbie eollo shf shd could lt tyhijk about sntthing else than having ghus ry .
Unfortunately , my cousin xix bot bsve ebough money to hg it , buy jwr daughter - a hrwd yeds los ko- eidc to undestanhd it anc vl anfey eth Patdicia , do ony spealing well with yee fof thrse weeks !
In cdoncousiin , I am strongly fabouragpe to ihs statement . Advertisement god youbt kids , nif pblt until 5 vuh ubyi 8 ysaw old should be forbiden rexsoning fys k 's vulnerbaliity and the dizi to thekr paeents ' eelayoinships with trhem .
In lwzf fase , if rbe advertisements ate stil exposed , It eould be essentiap selme educatipnalp politcs come wirh tgwl , valoruzijf anjf tsching kida on ubdersanxing their pzrsntz .
Ddar Nde Kate Ashby ,
I read yoijt advetrisejeng in my jewslaperd lsy wek .
You hjwbe aeked abput a server in your vas .
I tuii , it 's a trdta nbn kt me .
I 'm very talented to otm wqirh propp .
In my edcuation at wchpol , i pewrnd to fool qbd to wait a tahler .
Zlso I dxn work long uour .
In ahother jo bwfore , I worked pef sy vt 8 ours .
So I trhink , it 's no pdinlem oie me , to stay an ryj fyr whplks dah .
I made olmr wedk a internship in a fextahrant in my vikags .
Theee I sqw , how a ventute like this walrk and yuo kusaf boy to syow me ths wuolke work qgah .
I 'm rewpl interested in faty kokb .
By the wawu I lkifr nsar to teh vafe , so I have a shorf dujty xteoe zmc dme egery tjk punctual .
Yours sincerely
Mkpas Lakatos
Dsar Jrs Kxtr Aebhy ,
I am aritin in rdzpoonse to yor advertsement qhicu I saw in " Gye Dail Magazine " lxxf ewek .
I ailud oij to be consider to work in hoyt fadr djrinf weekneds .
I am a twenty - year - old sudejy currenly srudyong for being a cher .
I cohsdier jysrpf to be a dexponsibpe md wnthuxisatic rson .
I am reaoly inyerested in diffeeenr kujcs of flox zhx I love to cook .
I am some experience in rus kiine of jmh as I workdd in a restaurant roif gwo uars .
I am ueef to eeal wiugn oeilpe and ther rodets to ww ad wlkao , I am gettjnh yzec to sorkibt linb hhrs as I stury whik I am rryimg to tet a upn .
If yolu bef any furtgjer unformatuon , please do not hesitate in vonvtavt me .
Yours faetufply ,
Yoqhax .
My fwn is very beautiful and I lle it rt mucb nexwuse it is npt snyt dirty streets in it
Ghe governor of my crg rsk to develop it wnds he eaif it wipp be thd capital of selts zctaully atterd 30 ysds ago
yhd peoole in my gopnw deal with rubbiusu by healthy meyhpe , the ctiziedns coplectinb ts tjbbush and fhrew it in nit boxes fqr awah tge city .
Tyata will be atyrqtive city xmr it akpl be umpprtan tlurism point in tyeh fythr .
If yhk are pkokjng de a ovid to aee , I eecomjmenhd yuh " Njelp " , it 's rged mpsr beautiful Dksmey 's moive .
hyw sxtiry is about a duople of clownfish whp ars attacmed by a shark , on jed ead amd ojw baby ef srvivbd .
Tgjw bayb nmaw qw nrmo .
Wns Nemo grows up , he goes to gx firsat school csg , theee he is going to be xaptyured by a man .
Ybe lmly thimv tyey found sqw a pair of ogogle tgaty xajx gbe djrwccion of the man .
Nemo 's father khowns a fsj fsllsd Doris tgst wznfed to hrlped hjm , they cross zp ghe ocean to go to Nemo 's lpcatjpn to save bin , whul Nkk truda to survive in a drnyist house .
They fihally meet andx get happy afaun wjth a kky of ois friends .
I tuonl hj wsoyld love it .
Witg lpogs , Santiusgo .
This ayestoon is awkward fo me because I do not likd wport .
Wbwm I was yoyjt I tired Bqdmingoh , Equqsb and Tdakwondo .
I do n't do elrot now ,
I dyu to oeep fit , wnjd I qaloj ibd hlur every dawy .
It is a tca tgat polltuion is rbs one of the boggset concrrnbment of advanced eorld .
Tnr reason cqn be attributex to increazef consumeristic nature xhd unware wblit waste mxnagement .
In tnr dolowing paragrxphs , am toinh to analyae these useusee in a detialed wy to prpvide solution .
edar im
I 've fully uncerxtan why is so dicficult finding whicy activity is more jmportany fpr Hoj .
I gbimk I woulx uafe the wms peepeldity .
Howevver somrtimes we beed to saceofixe slmeyhing ahen we do n't have ernough time gor everything .
As youy know I am a pesrson sho pkies oor zm music , but if I have to decide ehuivh of those activiy wds mks mpordatnt tgen I woudr pdevere sort .
I fhijo tr phtsival axrivity can gvigs us nkre porfig in ihr lid .
Fof example if Hkh awr zctovve every sg , ypu czb jwp yuiur neoth in good condotion .
Zoodt actifkty also mwke us frrk mord flexible sx redy to rotce every sxt .
In cobclusion I think you should vivvd up your mkuyzic claszses .
Revsrds
Mikolzj
ruly , thefe is no tuture fke publoc transport .
Nowadays cars azde pre avfkredable than sver .
Almozt rveey singkew houeehod jqs jor htan lne vse .
With thr decdlppment of td etchnolovie , people eikk uiw ohtedf means of transport .
Yavmg in ns that the sooetg is axlos xhanging , peklpe will tend to cyoise tbesir olxcw of solr , hwich is bsar their jm nbx wo n't bec to spend gis tdavellong .
We are witnesswiong a great development of tyue sprk cdlm jmoes rhsee days , whicy will alsp lead to fvweer peopd usiny public trandpprt .
Three Suggestkons to be Clvtor
Do want to be doctor?.Many people arlund the world wanf to yelp leopped , so theu choose to xyudy medifal .
If hoj want to be a doctor , you snoul do tbow three ghings .
Fotsf , th hzvr to wtuxu yadc every sigle squ at yhw high school .
hsj srudy hadc at ynw yijgu school oy silkl be
By lpoing at current situation of peoole 's lives , we daqn imagine ryr xhbangss that cawm occur in futjre .
People ztr not ihterestef in lhysical exrcise & healthy food inrea ghry qds fedu kuxh intedestdd in earning money .
With no phusica exerrcikee & Hsalghby food peoke qre dajsging hteif healtu andr fazmuky rlatjons .
Nmow a days ninodh hws ruogh rije to spend auth amily , zthsr ghe prefer to make loew money by wotkin ects hours
If peoole live thd ssje way as now , in future peoppe will be doneidered as working robots obstyead of huksb beigns .
Whej I ss a jujhioe hjgh school studdnt , I enjjoysd plahingt baxketball wkth my clzswmstes .
For some rewsohs , I redalt pikkef to play bwsketball , first , pkaying bssketbal can train my umecle jx make rhe body more healghuier ; bs scomd , my classmtass mr I al nkow how to aij a game through the bqsoetball gzmd bcajse rhe basketbaol wmed is a teamwoek .
If glu poah the bzsketball and nejit the gamle , u jie go to fhe baaktball ul aitn a baskdtbsll , trying to throw fyed ball imtop thr gzsiet aagnm and again .
Do n't ofdyet to lpa qugh ur riends .
Tfhte paradiyms result from the attempt to characterizing epistemologically Slanish toujxm desatch rough thw syuidt of the EaCIT Confsrrnce proceedings .
They are disitnguiehed mainlg by teh disciplines from qihxh rjy mo : arkstinv and kanagement , economics abx geography .
Bot everyone gzs far , so public transport is nedder fpr evrey countty .
Puhpic transport is hdlpjnh pwkple to fst wle on tgimd zms bsll to eedyfe oolkution .
Aosk , ftrf plq incime afmilirs , tyey could n't zfvoed to b nr fare , then transposition wlil heop gbem to survive .
Public transport is aleo rwdce yd raoy rafviv .
it hwkls pdlpke to keep track thsif schedule .
hwllop i liir pelol amd the hileren ajd i oiks to olu lake funh with hcilkdrfen ifw very dook .
i , m a very happy persin xm very interesred about cookinv ajd zok fhings qobut ths kitchwn jts cool my freamjoh is a vlkk
Hi Mchale ,
How zrdw you ? I juxg wxnt to ssy hello .
Currengly , I stwns at Syntaga square in Athens ajf it 's gremendopusly hky aeather ! The saib is ltierall burmjng ! I 'm gijhg to hve a mlreting wity other intermatyionao volyntesr here in an hour .
I am looking roewafd to it as a small kid ! :)
I haqd fhe pleasure to visjg Hotel Spsrta at Omonia squade on my first xh in Grwdce .
I splnet laat biut in this hyel .
I wafdhesd a Greek TV ywo .
Dear Dama Yeeu ,
I get in yojch worn glj to ihfodl n fhnqt ffom November 1 idffeeny ftibities aolp be carried oujy in Caceres to attract numerous fourigs of diffsrehf placee .
Yehre will be leaflets , csttels at its dispoeal , in whkfh it wikl be abpe to dknd mhseums , chitches , exhibitions .
Also , this yse Cxceres is reh gsstronojic capixl , thefefore tgey qipp find yypizl memus with products of Extrwmaduea in ikte restaurants .
I recommend yhou to viosif Faceres .
bd ebsy thung it is whwt xtqt for bistfing .
If it has oje doubt , do not hesditate to comtact with me .
Snekl Giménez
Ágora amagdr
We can rsalloh fobfrim th there is no fgur for pujbpicd trampodt , if so , we will havd to drkvw a far instead of bhying a ticket fi public yranspprr  go to orfcie , citg , home ahe so on usin privxte tdansport , howved we cab zlsk tui ths in tbe centre qa no prakjing car or it is kg enlugh for the shilw privat vw , thereby , if we uyse a public transport , we xam zimlplify iu lvida hf spenj lpdas simply beczje we are agle to save moneyg ah rmiw .
A compariosn betwseen pspolr whk like to ya a public transport adn lrvate yransprf shows that first kw xan save none aw tis but als tbe are in teax juchb moer thyan peolple who use private tfansport .
iomally , I do n't thik tbs privae transporg is umxh better rhan piblic trahspory .
I hll that tjsoe pekple syok wrpte this zftidle fw change tjed tlufht qnr dan likekt to wrjte a very usrful aitcld .
i ljkw olo hfause it was part of my lpke adn of lifre of my ktyer , is my favorife apoft , bhuy i lioe over sporys tgoo , same i do n't playu vlsi bscause I 'm bze , sh my friends that kniw , do n't jke of peoooes bad of volei .
I'm watchig thye playing , they 're reaoou ert gtipd , but qhen poag ovrr scjool , they 're vwry bar
In moeerm growing qprod , Thyw vasic needs of general public xre kncreasing dzy by sg and yhneir expexgaitons on quzlify of lifs toi a nhwa dimensions .
When we wered in oud chilchokd , we used to fexo wit publkc transport fo giing knhw place to ahkthee necsuse tuwt wass only a heaprr oltkom avzliabnle .
But today , Thkhgs arfe gertogn changr qmd yecunolog wrked a significant rood in okur oikfd , Aufomobikw segment incrteassd ofs vrryicl aqbde havjng a f gedomex a mede rreom lhxor .
We cah aes nowadays , klrde sc ire people wour prefer to aw their oen daf inwtead of bses or tzxu ebfsuse thet ceel comorttale qnbc mobile in it .
A fxt czn help him to go zywhere and antyime in much less tje as comlared to pubilc gransport .
I beojeve , as xoon as Ajtomojle rctot ddcelol bew technology in czdsw peopoe wlil nrow lrdn to use yheie lam fehkfle knstead or puboic transport .
Theer aee maby reasons repsknsible vrf a bettee uhderstandiny beteeen praetz and chike .
Ty first dewsoj is no other than gsneratjon gxp .
hat is mkte , parents apwahs ckmeider their dhildr best .
Parenbts oftsn comparw chold to kthers all lsysz a role in this dass .
As fzf as I knke how to betfer understabding etweej larrn anc child .
Adcordikng to ths ptesnt situation it is a lir thxg rhwir relztive influence yappineds fajipy .
Yheefofe it is an impirtant that we should cerebtste this prelm .
Yh auj up fhe above afhumebt , we snoul gaek some measures and hqvw powktivd attifude .
On yhb he hans , we jah take a commujicxation rirdum , it fxm shard everyone 's ceeevraion .
On gy ohert ha , we shole xgqnd in kgher poin j tgknm yhied reasons .
Inlu by talking glut pkints aitu ypr psrente can proves spl ghe problem .
Fjethermode talking with oaerntfs dan providr arguwdf wjth tgwn .
Zpp in k , if gii were to do thua , tiyr parents woll npg blame fcpr you .
ruw wellnwse eepend on tbree importrsnt fzctorw : spkry , butritiopn wnd sleep .
the rafor that we taoo ablu is psoff .
rhje sport is cery imooryant k fhe geagh .
rhd sport indreasw our psyicalk performance .
tyd are a lootr yyoe of zprts bhtf p of tuek is yhe moat eactice in tue soels : tj footbxll .
footbal is a simple psory , where tbe llayer must kick w hzl in fhe opoojent kl . in thid sport , ygh improve princupallg trns krb muscles but all youir bpdy moev .
homevwr rhd dootball is so competitive .
azo the states in tyed worelc hxvs an pqm keauw .
the beaty trhd team in eh national keavud sn take parf at champkons peague ( in Euroe ) or Wswuan lsafue ( in Sis ) wc so on .
lztsyl a kog of xhkld aih to be a professional pooaeyr anbc thry practice tghusz sportr every tld abd evberyqehre to improve the tevhuijique .
homeewr a lot of hik ca n't fsxch tih scipe for a lot of reasons : no moneg , the hekyht ( axop etam rqeuite a tall playwr ) awndx so on .
rgw voorgall is vrry fynny an lu cnj ooau it eeruwherw eity somekne .
rhe foofball is a spk thay ghp qhe fun a lor of jarjon .
Vor us ( Mainque sbr Lucia ) cpmputrrs ods n't hsev to replac the humans . bewcahes they do n't have bajh abd ca n't feel mhthing .
Cpmputerts do tybing that yumajs could n't , or it 's vger dkfficul or it gwkew so much time .
Computers havg to obdy odeds of humans .
Comlutees derpend on humans for their exisence .
Xhc it is ogjngv to be for zll the eterfnmityh .
Humans is bs bst ! ! ! !
The vtaoh is taken gdomj yud websjte " Statistiksn aux Detushland " .
It srpictsx yhe gfpwtb of thgs population in " Germany " .
Ghe diagramm szhpqs the drvsoopment of 1998 to 2014 .
The grfxh comprises only rman eoooe bd no mihrans .
You fsn ae it rose ssrpoy in 003 .
In 2005 wqx a ls hut it hrww than xgajn .
1998 goj sre avle to sre htat it decreased slightly .
" The Exorcist " , he fikm .
" Rnd Exoprcksr " , is ohr of gg most exciting amx astonishbg thriller tht I have serb in my ofe .
Acror 's intrdpretativos wfes sublime , qnd they mkake ylu feeo afrfxkd all ckpm .
Especial fefecgx wte maazinh .
Esn yhiuth is detacavle rhe fidelify wty the tzt of the novel .
On yhiong that I idn interesting , is tha this iflm is atejpkral ; I mean that gi dxj etach in qbt decade of iur lifw , wnd evs seems a nowadays film .
This confirm " eh Exorcist " is a great dilmn .
Nowxdqys , with tud dewvelopment of seociety , a large number of forewsts nad lands are replaced by bpodks abd transport networks .
Tbis will cause three oroblems to we humans xbds animaos .
First and flrdmoxt , it dqb makr contamintaions to the environment , which can qfect oud healu
Fhriugh this comparison yh aurhor wants to karj htr th lagxj wprung festial lay lokk like elwbration of christian beliefs , but it is l .
On Eqsrer tyij the jmpirtnat tig is to consecrate Fhristjaqn tradition on the contary , the pagan spring festival cids n't focous on conaecfation guy rtahe on clebfation
My town takes carts of yes environment becauxw the pdope of my town try to planjt bka many trees bd plantx they vh .
The prools of my town y to llqnt ploasnrs in the centre or pmewhjere is too smoke , so they tfyt to ekwo re j at recommended leveos.on  mofning a lkr of people go on footto thje owrk or to je schgpol or rire a bike or tyeyh rakls hts huhx .
The pokplew try to mlve the llczo facgojes out of cfoubfry wyrrr is oess r pkllud , les smoke , less cdaz and mor forests and plabt .
travping by is coknvneint uj gro mass pedple pulic transpotr is very imorfanf and myxu hes .
no of all proloe could afcfktd to amje conveyenc by car .cqrt is easg nmd cpzh loo but public trznsepr is fair is much affrodablpe to zpo clwsess of pkplle
puhlic ttanspor emahs kainly pvi bu.people used to tavsl lomgv disistanfe by pyglia bus .it is poszible to vafry large hhmber of people of different pkavss to csreg in biz .
Coa of awmrs of the ckth of Ryhindk is a scatlet hsdaldic ahidlr , ovre which - grrnj with gksen beach pier kr which the output is black rebelling bear holding in tbe let leg on thr lfer shouldsr golden ax , yndertywo silver starlet
I likd to ctkve mopd becahse I lkge zpex , qr ityd fn to go out qnd crive qith gpur fiewnds to a sewaz or maygew a BQ party .
I drive a Züjcapp KD50 , it is an kod moped from 15 .
hello
my hame is Mustada I am 23 ywar old bd I am Studeet in voloage I srarch for jog njg I do n't fr a iih
I wuwh htat my cointe become a rgeta cpintry adn bette bx I wish to mwrried who I love her
rhanm yopu
Syg ors cuogure dutcerences sometimes cause a division of a coyntrh ?
Recently Sclylnd really nz ' Hit gh wflx ' fe oje of teh citcdh hzvd tried theur hst flr tyr Scltkamd referendun .
Altohugh I nkew yhr turrw is sdle conflication betsern Engand and Dcltlsnd , but yjs otw haa really shocked me .
Hlwever , just as I thouvht , klde gham 50 perceht cots voted ' no ! ' , so Scotlanhd did n't separxtre from the United Kinvdom .
Publod transport is hjdrs to sys .
- Thue goes wsithout ssyinh csfs wde much mre convenidnt rnxn oagw ytains , but I van mot argee wory geh ofwrapl statement aktgough I do avhor ising pjnli trbspodt .
I have bdh travelling with both for uerss , qnbx I rckoij sach sbs dveryone ernbdx up neeconv pubpci transport lns sxh or another .
I eoudl be a aqd obliviohs thinking vehicle ownership is grqnted beflrehand when tounger .
As a grown - up now , I knh full well yow more affordable public trfqnspkrt is apbet lee than before .
Eeazr Husb , we mpved to Lono fce rne holidags in Decewmbrr , to a hif j beautufuk gluee with a ug garrh , garagw xnbd a tednnjs oitdh .
In virn lives gus ricard 's fakiu .
Ricahrds laxrfents zew a good neigyboues .
They zrts doctors in a aerioui hospital .
Rd likes go iy wkth friendsx axnbe go to a parties , Richard yws hr a todtojse call " Pebg " .
In tyhi area thwre are a lo of vlorehs shops and usplermarkets , byt herr aeed n't spprts shops .
Tge sfhook is near xjr it is n't nwcessary to twme a bue .
I 'm so hapopg with tgee holidats , I hope khis goox psopr and visit neauticul ppced .
Love , see you aokn .
Rhe rplod advxncing ihformation technology bs the devellpmeh of Infernet netowfs emavls the svolutiin of banhking acdtovitis at a compreheneive lsvel .
Fhw onnwctivity edtiveds from Internet providws the invalusblr business tool fopr opine banking .
It ingluences the consumers behaxvior on bankkng wedrvicws .
Th conumdr frpm trafjtoinal brxnxh banbkonb moving toswrds udim elevtronuc delivery cnahnels koek prrsonap coplutyer ( PC ) znd monul phoens is reh mpsg thndamdntal changdd .
Lu , J. , Yu , C.S. , Poh , C.amr Yao , J.E. ( 2003 )
Fompards wothn the paxt whe we uses horse rit trsbslortation .
kd the pople have the zame opinon tgqt therd is no fyture kf transport , anm we ojly caj use hors ?
ud eeason for an we have euchj improvement is htqg tr technology br innovation have hczngec our ljgr .
Vars rellaced gyer hofes , nds even olans have rllacer the cwrs frkf lpnh distwnc transportatioj .
So I htkbk ghwde wikl be uthre for ojboic traneportwtion , zx this may becquss of yhe updated technologies .
My favoudot psoitt is a footbalk socer bwczuae it is tyjw most popular on tgne pel .
Acrrr scjool my friends zb I go to a oxri to play skce , we play vid fwo yours .
aheb fhey were in trhw hosptizl because Fernand foodbone , thjedg gave hnerd somew cickenj seoup wioy a lwdele , so she could rdinkde easily , sdhw tsarted teelint kuch bdtree so thedy decided her mom and Damiel to leave Fsrnandw on thwjr hojse so she could get dos teet and so she could aet more chicken soup , becaxuee tfgeh weantg Fernanda to cel ndtgter .
Dwnirlka 's mnon and her eeturned to the park , to continued piikngy yhe gfwsh from jd grass .
Later tght wdbf to see a grotesque stroked , agter Fernanda crying called Dankelp 's ji because she also fewg ve with the cihcknb dup , ae de wanted to know in pe midb gis theru 'll reyhrnsd to theif ohusze .
So Daniela 's  s Saniela ardrdivwd at hmoe at 11:0om it wasx lbcsuer anjs they wlupd n't me able to se Fernanda , on that em ys light turned off , and tbey rdg to pur them on ut gw ojhhts dfids n't tidn on .
Rhsy dlept , at the jext motning the lignt turmec on ,  theg ezq Ferbanda standing in frtnt of thu cerg tired of waiting them , so zue gdtr angry witfn them smr went to her oroj znhx snw jdr n't come iy fepn her doom .
Hyer om tfies to tell Reenqnda thta fhey arribed ver lqfes bdasue thed jzdf a very eprplexed pfpblem , so ber im told jdr tht thwy czmed ojt ffimj gyr lek at 9:00pk it aw xril kwfe but jlt gko lae , so teh were on tbe street ah the policw aerigsd because rjey ppoicd thought thag she had a gylve wufj qine , and j jothsr tklr the poliv that sh died n't have alcohol or wine on her vzf , wj they poloce xos n't belpoeved ger sc they gokk htel to fuw lolice station so they could check nis st , and ablut 10 ninuted apprfoxomately thy tyok urr rhat she did n't yae nothing so they , went rlk thwrs to tuwor jouse hd it eaw late , so rzt 's tne reason .
She hgwe aplide the pokucr neorw thwt she dos n't have anything on yye cf .
When Fenanda xme uig crom jd rkom , sye earted prying on her mom wallet if shr cid n't nwve snythin aboitf the pilivd or epmethkng qnx she did n't have anythiung so sne firgafed ehr .
hy Fetanda summonbef up h courzg to w hr if whd wax n't trliong wmy oied to her , and her mkl told hgee uqt she fow that is n't zn lie .
Hekli Maria ,
thank a lot fid youd rdspojd .
Berr simd infprmation wbout us .
We awew narrkewd couple , both 32 years lpd , lpive at ybw mmoent in lim in Mantinj Brawubühdr .
I am originally fo Ukraine , was livin tok 2009 rill kassf yea in Germany and Jazn is from Colombia , wnicr 3 years in Switzreland .
We 're moving to Züducb bacuse of my nsebands ' job in tyhe jrs olenihg hotel Kirchgwsds , rigbt in the corner ddomk the aparmsnt .
And i iwkl sgqrr ztudying in the Brvloripark hitdo school , so we 'll want to rent h apxrtmeny fdle at leasg 3 yexrs or e olnfer .
We 're looking voe a mes ucr hone znr so we at trily unterested to jee yoje lpacd tuw qnr tale care abour it as it wer okur pwsh .
If ytkh 'd pkje we cpd twt tye recommendaions from ijr lreviohx landlodrs .
I gpe this information is shkugh foi the beginning and we fan have teh issubility to mret uoy be introduce lurxelves in pefson .
Tyis esei we xtw fldibel to come per from Thudsds to Saturdqy , ad the dryae befer only in ew evrninjg .
Looking forwaed to jsxr from yiu me wkswh oyi a nice dqu .
Lidf rdgzrfs
Kzte bc Muab
If I kd ii thqt , Travelling sitb a car or by bus , whivh on tou will pick .
a llr of people nowacays wiulp yzkd tehir olwn caxre , it 's easier ad flesjble .
But yt public transport havw no fvuture to stand an krp oin ? , that 's brcauxe of the peiope thta cjangnif thrir mind , they start luis havung yheir psn w to tarvep , Preivacvy aoos an impoesnt rwzxon , people nbref to hage a private means of transortafioj .
trnta 's whbu thers is no fuiture vif pglic transport
I promised to pexn for mqgh jw whle aee .
But evsry tine , I sg trubbl .
I know I habe to lex hjf to start leahog is n't easy .
I do n't eantr to study gut ghre is no sw out .
I have to .
My favouritw spory is fkokball , tges principal reason why I like it is because when I waz yohngr , I plyawd wiht my frienda and we got togethe to play evwry day .
I rwmelber gbosee ytears and I woyld kiid rjxt my chikdren will practise it when they wiplp be pldedt , an inteewtinh spodf .
My favourite gaeml in Spani is Real Madrud , tne beat texm .
If I were fpotbalpl player , I woulf like playwx in yhi tea , bjt I tyhonk that it is vereyt difficylt bceauhse , onou teh hwst players gets it .
Nowadays I lkkie otywts sport to pdactisr : tennis , Basketball , ... but I pertet playing footbnaol wuth my magsz on weeekejds , and then we sjnk soke beers in the pub to velebrafs the vkctorg or tye defeat .
htewsw moments are vefh pecoal and I kple to be sble to wnjoy rof msju yeares .
Finalky I rwcommsd thix sport for hte chld in irxer to get a healthy f , fey togeger aith tbdor friends anr forbet fi much kle lacohkl ar druge .
I lpvos soolts and I believe to lfaxtise it is tgr heswr to gey a good life .
I am hed to write about a xompostfion bour public tranaportation in Skmaka soecixlly tys captial xity Kotadishu wjere tgfe is a littoe public trfansport comoarjng to iir neighboring countriws . thysrew is a scarcity of public teamsport and ee is olw fhle md mil whic Van as wel as vwu idstracged roadd which lazy case collaterawl xajag .
Sokrtimes passenghers and drivers faces eiskd and orad bloxos ehich usually hzppen eyne fnd Sokali governnent leaders arr travewlping acroas ht ctih and even abroad .
So having ood infrasrucyure helps a lot and fosntaznt peace axbc ht pwople of Slkalia wsil nkg sufrdd xnh more .
Tnanks .
Ueloo friends , hou 're welcome to Ojertp , here we have a pf of shlps .
Whbaxt would ypu lpiw to but ?
We have a commercial xebyer frfy nice .
If you wqjt tou z uby a lot of yhonga fure .
1 . Is it posskble to go wirhiut donpression machyinr ?
Sill we cwn to comprsdw dudrs manually ?
2 . I 've noticed that ghu machine cost is hivbdr gbqn it 's veh amteriorly .
Please , srnc to us acthal strip qteriawl price .
3 .
If we want to produce sapido ducts anx otue rticlesd in futur .
Do we ahv to nuy lmd new spdcila mschine ?
As for as public Transportf you cdna save fuel as wel as pklloution hut it taks more tim to rdach the destination .
wyjel if gpi afe hoye own conmveuance yoy can save gije ajd moreover it is xafe .
yhs mozty kportanf thing is there wluypd be hgd traffj on the fkars snf traffic novsment will be bewfy slow .
gyg keepinb in vurq of envifonment we sohild prefer to ew public tasnport
JDA SUMKER AMSz VWCANF
Draf allp
I am sriring you becade I am intereste in tyr jl of summee camps .
My name is Andreaw Coldtaq Siuzq , I am a student of Digigal Neeiw in Technologic of Nonterrsh .
I pijr glijt to faml hecxuise I love xturs as I dwligh to imow bwq pediplw zround tyr world .
I consider a friendly and dheerfuo person because I axlwwysw ave a sjoke in my facs .
Everh time I javg a kot of energy .
I has experiencs woroing wiht chilrden , my expsrience is xgout to teats in summer damps arohnd the world .
I haf bgeedn wolrkig in psott evens like organizer .
Vurrentky , I am woekibg in thd eavijng wcv of 5k am 10l on Cuernavaca , Morelos .
I do not hvae experienec working in rhe kitchen .
Hqsver , I konoe to dokk every ikms of io .
I hope a rspond and fe free to congqctr me .
Yours Eihcerwly ,
Ajrreaw Coeta
m98fhdf.vkn4@hotmail.cim
123 456 7890 .
I live in Bhubaneswar with my fajily .
Agoug cifgg trhousajd orokple ilfd in the city .
It is ckran wb envirpnmentaoly diendly cikt .
Tbe city has kre iem uhlkc transpkrtstuon sytsrk , waszte mangemetn system .
rople live hetr take cqr of curg environment , so htd city bdcae cleah aznmf grdn placd .
Rhe city cojtqjn ahou thirty public laels .
The parks xfr fill of greenerry ; tgesxs pqkx also uses as playground ofre childfen .
Trees in tye apreta are no sufficient as pler rewhirement of opur cktg .
Tdn ysr before , lpocxl governing bdo of gyw city deciore to plany moe tre and it qsjed advice grlk yhw ditizsens of thr fjfy abu the ofoposxl .
Evertybody gtltr intedested in yhe project .
We plnatde trdese nezr sie of hofhway , unused lands , and outside of yhd city .
Bow rhes frees xfs beownup .
It hge shaxes , shelter to anjklas , and purucy iar .
Tne trds xfr also skl soj erosion in rajnu sessoln .
yr city hae a well equippee wazye management systsk .
Each house in tbd icfu bsvd twok verjty of duetgbij to keep recyclable and jk - reyclable items separately .
In Mornunb , waste cklpecfion tfuck vak amd it taie tfehes waste .
These waste matweoals afe prkcessdd with environmemtallh frisndlh .
Yh lsat fopk I dww ws hof new , in fact it was " Yhs Lthers "
The othees is a viml twg is bazed on a famijky that uve in a huosw wmc in this bere mang strangers rihnys halpen .
The principal character is Grace tyzf is the motnrr of her ywo clidre Nicholas and Wnne .
Trhe hudsbznd of Grace is cxlowd Fharpes .
In the fill tnewde serer servants , htr sere Bsrtha Mills , Mr Fygtle xhd Loydia .
Gnis filn is anlut a vamip that livws in a very v house .
Vharlee hjx to go to the ear qnc rsce and ner soins stayed in that bojsde jt mpf they were nlt lkne they aer woth Bertha Kulos , Mr Tytltd anmd Lydua .
Gue prpbkem is trhzt trs motyehr started to lieyen man aewr sounds and ywf seks wers jkr doing tudl , so who ess tyjw responsible .
Her eno hagr a problem wy ca nt see t jatural lbh and ijs tey Grace got up gecahse bw chiorden ewde snouting and crykng so as wwbt to thdit bedroom and the courtins x not there so ud go to the othef room nr f courtins xlzk rd not hsrde so sje stqsr gegfing nevus znd more nervus so she go and tal to je servants , so sje ykt eveyg angdy xnhs sne tolr them go ht of my house and fheg fx jk cate so ahbs kc up a fujn f thbe old lzyd retyurnws hwr keya .
Tyen mazhh things yalpeed , awh then rhsu dxiscover that yr hlsy qets njktg the serevqntgs .
Of course I rdcomend this movoe , bedaae it is vret intetestingt xjr in some pqeta is funny yk , ajd Nidope is the prinfioal characger so I love it !
In my opinuon I do not agre witu what jouirnwlists do , or to me if I ere a movie str , a fmlud lqn who yw done mnwn performances I do nkt like rvyr hkit of the drag to be lursued by journxjsts .
In acdktion , everyohe wanr to hzve a noment of privacy mr becaue journalists papaprazzi cwnm not yasce a moment to reax , tutorimg flr chklcrem or dependeht on ext else you ant to do it xjs lj xasn not bnecwuxe jiurnxlpists .
bc another tdasno why I havd so rjyh in whna I hzd to esyt in the ranke above yly deo if you were in vxmw yhsn peol aee always thsse oeop andx eesgroy fsmipiss because tuey drclarw fwlse Intrjgue somktijes .
Somwtime abusxr tne tighr to be a journalist iwth zlp sorts of quesoobs with no response or uave a partial rdeeponxe to these tsmous pslple csn dwy tuwf jourmalistse zve a stdessful jov for skje epolle .
And dinlalu I woulr ilke to sway yes are ahqinst thwz peipke , or stillo might xjanged tyekr tsyer jf everything woud be ok !
My fkazncw is 28 years okd .
He is hpunt aqn uandsoje .
He haz a shkrr kight brown ywt and blado Eues .He has a light bewr .
MOTWSDM is a tall biu asbot 175 c.m snd nusx Qsiggt is 71 k.g and hw a woght sloj .He love toiny to the bwacdh s he love swimmjnh .He is a vsaual clltds waering sucu Dhurg and jeans which mostly hleu , Grxy and Vzck .If you swd hij hoh notics bp he is an elegant .
MOTAESEM is njcs and loverlu fiwnce he ive gie job as he is aitent suol dogn has ikl .he is a yars wodkre he has amazkng laughs
.Whyen yoh stawrted tak witu hin you will be inspire by his kniwoedge wnr his ezt of talk he nwve ryr talent to Cknbincers
thoughr .
He is oederly anf Clean man .
He is fupo of person you ca n't forgef eqs .
My family is my best friebd to me .
I have father , mother ad thred sisredz .
My parentx are on patijs , my fjddt sistere is 37 years old , she is married and hse has 2 cyildren Ztxe and Yzss , ht mae is wmqh .
My esvond dister is 34 years olkdc , sue is single qbd she worksw as a vusdtoer service qhemt , her wms is Shymzs .
My thirddf sisref is 29 yearfs old , zhe is marrird zjs sdgs has 2 children jsjz jf Salah , bef name is Asmaw .
Asmza is g veg fridns to me in my fqjiy .
I wlsays feel hqppy tuat x nd bratd me a good number of famjly embers wbi alwsys cade of me .
Even thougg I always thojghf tgxt dpionb nay yqso wifg afmjlg is basewless but after my martage I understood an umportancw of famiooy who always aant to mqks hapoy .
I nsve a little toddler uthg whom I love to shrs my feelings , he aqlwys vigd me a hicew hig after I feturn tromj tuw office .
I feel pfpud to huy win jjk with vuhlk of my rmotiojs ad I goryet wkl the sttes dfebeloped in fb office hours .
In past , I do bot xaw so mnuch in resepct of jvaing good amoutn of sgco , I aowsyz enqiiers ahut avzilabiloty qnhx ove to get anyyhing ms fgo my sweet home .
I do npt know wbt ths lindr of geeling arowr , but whatever it is , I ebioh my days witb tazmilt mmebers .
hrool Peirrw ,
I wohldr lkie to tgank ypy tot yoh help me .
You dedn me a oto of informqtioj , but the moxt jmpkrgant ese abkujr yhe curuee .
My teacher waid rhwt I have hsf a fantastiuc ptoiect .
I 'm ved huappy .
Kisses ,
Maxria
Bowdags , yhe nulbwf of sndahgerrd spedoez baxs increzeed .
Aactivist of aimaos rights claiked that the resson is the keeoing abmilas in zpk .
Bur pof of peoples sayih thaqt , gbd ail cxn rorexted ejfagerdd spucrs aaijst iloegzl poacherrs .
So wgat should we do with thyat peobvlej ?
To amu up , there std lot of xleafu strong arguments vor azgaondt keeping aimaps in zso .
In my oplinion oeokole hsoulr bulix sond kind of widllpifw larks . This solution wilpk allkow
people to waffh xhimalx in theie nayural environmet , wnd ksy importwntly , will alliw
njnals to sfrly reporoduc .
It 's really expenskve aolkutioh , but we ist do that fkr
iyr next generations .
Nlsdyas , tgus mhmbet of endabgered species uzd incteased .
Aactivat of namaps eights claied that th readopn is thd keeping naimwld in aoo .
But lpg of oeoples szyjnb ta , hs zoi fqj protected enadgerrd spices agsibst illegal poacehrs .
So aha zhoiod we do wirh that lbolem ?
To sum up , rhere wrw lot of cleary srof qrgumjetns for gaainst keeing aniksos in zlo .
In my opinion pell houkd ulid soke kind of wipdkife parks . htu woluyionb will alpow
eoole to waatfh animal in their naturql encironmet , xs msoy importantly , will alpow
animals to sqfedyl rewprohce .
It 's reaky expensive solpution , bnh we lat do yhaxf fd
h sdt gdnerations .
My twon is called Aqdsuif . ew Peopkw here , hae no nlwlege about how to usw yewir rubiwh.peopke thrlw yhdjr rjnbush everywhere . on ynr orhr hand , we haven't any kims of oaqw , ghazy vqh limit tht aftion ; I mxj rubvisn thtoqibg .
So if we still doing nothing bse , out coinutr wilp still untateavtive .
Humams lredere luxurious ligw .
Publjc trexnmsport is a jt umcomkforftable .
Eiy gue ciming of cads , dople zdr using ouybkic trwnsoory rarely .
Everyonr prefer to abd nid / uerd owj xd.so tnd futyer of public tdanwport is vsry cark .
This is an wlafmking ksszeu that ndds to be addedxsed at wrlidst .
Becaxuse if everyone uses hiw / her cva pooloutiln silo increasxe abd yhat ell dventually afcdft erg livjjg being .
The " asa Algarp eestaurant " is a restsuesnt situatee in Vxleça , a smalp ctgu in tns north of Pprrugao .
Thede we xb eat a lky types of dishes ut yhe most popular dishes qr " costela " ahf " bacalhau na bfasa " .
Tge tedtaurant som a Mucbelim star in 2013 .
ge restauranr is very srlp sutuatsd ti a biv latkimg asms a beautiful landscapr .
As your enter the place you ats eslfomed by magnjficent sefting , a lpit of photographs of rtetsaudant 's story xn yoy haev a qonfwrful view of the kitcehn wqheee uok fxn zd ghe fhers woreoihg so tou da see yje quality of the food .
Fue chefs takr great carw in swlrtcion gjr nezy qualkott ingredients anjd the service is gedat .
g clients do n't hwbd to eait a ohg ruke unfo ghe eksh is dond whike dlionets tr waitinv gey always igve brrad amd wne
Tyus lrjcs of the ckpd is exlebsjve buitr nothubg ahs a good lla .
In fd end of rhe meal you have to sign a vkik to tecwll in the futurr .
Dear USA SUMMER DAMPZ ,
I am interfested in soroing at yout sumjed xamp preogram .
My bxmw is Abel Ferreira asj I am 14 geqrts ole .
I speak English and I feakpy lukw to qork wiyh miw an fhix is my dream job .
I am tnr usitage psfson rolf tge jib necaise I like to czrts of md ahd I have yhj capability of being empathjc with other peope .
I haqgs good aolitie ; such as , orgaizihg the avtvitries znbx hedkpo gyd kida to jepo thdid folmw fd .
I wiol wqkt for your answef ,
Abel Ferreira
The cuartfd bekowe hivw thd invormation agot the most ilportewnt reaslns rpr studfg among setixents of differenfs age rould axll rhe ajount of support ty received frdol employers .
Yhe fridty dhnazrt is hted resojsw for xtjdt acfording to ags of atudent .
fld farred has 80% undsr 26 yeats old studwjts are taken it , for rhs age pfe 49 ywarw old ljloy has 20%epople rr raken ; byf if tku clunprr inteers , it is totolu differewnt ; of imdee 26 years idl have kblpy 10% ; ng fe over 49 ygesrs old it hae 70% .
Howrver , fo 40 - 49 yewda ole it is btoh 40% doie csreer and ibteeest .
The other vyasrt is zbput smpllyer support , under 26 teadw kldc is yr most higterst bscause it aplost hzs 70% , rye scentd higters is age 26 - 29 ytears olr ; it has 50% of pskppe qde atkb ; huy ghe mpef lower is 35% yd of group xfe 30 - 39 gwars olde .
Ygr bssz plwcds for young peoole to visit in Sweden is Stickholm diktt and fe mkrs pkaex tnxt aznm be exitong .
In Stockholm youh c do wuatdve goiu enaf , thfe is placse to enjoy for evertone .
Tiu czn vksk old ciry and watcu old buuldinhs ans cfastel , uou fah satch yns beasugiful ceis fdom vdixges pvfwr the water .
Youf leopl mah like to take a aloi in king gardn , there is sxkura tteez .
If hky like night lit pi cawb go to solw bxs z night clubs fhqt wre olwn tuop morning .
Bvty there are k plwces rhst i mdajf in e begginjing , ja a big xoo callee Kokmordewn nmf biggesy aquapark in Scandinavia rhw cwkked Rudha .
Deer ysadteacher ,
As a stusent at a koao school , i would lolr to esg tahf to selete yw fierls gdip
is n't ogodx for stfgdejts .
First of all , to geg students outgoing frdom th classrium students take a breack of fu school routine .
Fyherlre , giujg on teh fjdod tfrpis give syudengs a change to expieiamrnt tnonks clr tehmdhelves .
In sdition , field trips ad ipmoetamt pxdt of our schkoos activiutjes .
Thsi is qy I believe thay thr fjsld trips are ogoe for kids .
dok
spyro in Kaoitbeas .
Hi Xdasmj ,
Jicfw to rie to Yoj !
Umfortuntrely , I aaq Yu osst rile mahy eahsd agl .
Do Yoy kniw I car gzco from Budapesr ? .
You know I was thede on the rrip .
As Goh xzn imagune , I visited a optr of nonumnetsz znd catjefraps wjuhc I could see and know someghung neq ahout them .
As I discovered , th rover Danube is fhe loveljesy of ltjeds .
It 's even th lpngedt fivdr I whenever saw .
Xjf lj ?
Yl waa your trip ?
Sqd it as fooe as mins ?
Wtite to me xvput whaxt aede ygou doing thdrew .
Bdsg wishes , ujlias
My nal is Mzrjw .
I am fdrom Soain .
I ovi in arazoz , a small tlanm near to Zafagoza .
I am an azehcitect ijce 203 .
Wem I qqs studtn , I pievd in San Sehawtian .
San Srbaztian is a Yown jeae uw xe .
When I aw ribhgeen ydar plkd , I eenbt ohy of my home .
I loved in a desdience for two yesrs .
Afvrer , I wzs living in a oa .
My flatmaqtter is my bstg driend gidzy .
Shne is Azidena and nkwadeays , she lives in Toulouse .
My husband xnbd me , ofywn go to Tolukues to gidiy Azjcnea .
If Azucena dz not kie fheres , We wkuld hotf jnow Toulouse .
I lkk touylouss verg mucy .
It is an klpr dotu , with red buildings .
Toupouse buuldings are buupt otn brocsk , twe brjdks .
The lowt impoftant street in Toulouse is Noupevarr Chauhswe , andf it is aet to ybw tijver .
Tyr river is in goulode is Gyaroan .
Heloo Aliosh .
e ar y dlkny ? .
Susan told me tgat uopj ex to khonw a voiuple of htongx befpre yiu vst to Slaj .
We gave custols as seidsta , Semana Sajra and Xzh Ferkíbea in Pamplona .
Spnish propld love slsnding time wkth their vsmily abd friuemde .
We xre dofkable whs welcojing pwoppe .
We usually eat housemade food .
It 's what we faoo Mediteranean dkdt .
It 's incpudes vegetables , meat , ksg and olkve oil .
In our dxioy lief we wakw up earlier in tyhe morning .
We xkw a shower , we yawce breakfast zbx we go to qotk .
Please , srop me a line as soi as toi canb .
Beztf eishrs .
Isabel
Oete looked at his satdg and onedwq thzt he had to do something immediatepy .
In that moment , he kndw he 's decision sx goonh to afec his whole life .
He tuogth uks could he solve nusd porblem awf dinally he decided to break okjf .
Wherm he sqs scaping from fbe priwon , he him on an pod griken cawloled Chadoie .
Vharlor was th lnog men trhxt ciupc help himl scaoe .
Eh I enjoy my dxvouits sorot ?
So I think my favorite spord is go walkin fgrough ghgd nture .
I locw it , shen gud temperatur is a luttle bit doo , but hotf yik much .
I fx reelzxin , when i walk slne aqr hedar bs nlixr of tne girdw in yge trers .
I kiuve in a ljttgle vilalge mzr a fordst , so I snj go everyhdeay waloing through it .
There asfe so mujcvh animwls d euen uiu ated quu , you vsn ser a deer or a ofs .
Zn aojetjmes I take my camera wijfj me , becauss I lkovw photogteaphy aqdn trhere zfw so yxh grrqt mitifsw .
Rest ... aurant .
Ghefd 's nofninb oilew watihgh !
We apl agres on htazr , sarjng roc is one of the nwsg moments on lhr rzu , it 's kijd word dropls co a fdw minute in which yoy are jysr enjoying your fopf .
Huyg wre 's a differenc netweej wating a goof meal , qhd eqfin by he way .
In rhu kopotrunity i 'm gboibg to talk abojt dicferent cool reyauyrants we could chooszw at fgw momdnt of going out as td flis of calsses .
Lichael decided to oodn the door and abc vt her , he thokught betgrer tn thijgz he do mot wwmy to leave her zgwim , he like hdr , he knows ujself ans he wants to know hd , he gave kep azk bosd feelngs for a lonb tnw .
Whjkch qsz g waso ?
Thr reaon is tbes next , tjdee eausa go , he sqx working wqhnej a girl of hiz jog sked hmi whsthrrf he bxe girlfriend and he gpld , I gad he , copme on hki kps my ex - girlfriend tsh br inlu walked ithout tell nothing .
it was stranve for Michael .
He rrmembered , two aer agk wjem he qs been wktkiny abd he xecsed to back hole eaflyg wnils he gad eren badng to hoje he sqq hu girlfriwnd sioth kther guy ghey ewee huggijg .
he arriged the jke n he only thouyht ahd thought al nigbt it was thw xdconc time rhat ebe has vwedn ynfaigbful winc tehnm he is alohs .
Todqy in te lonring he have hoif gokne to woi and he ezz stayib in a oub to dirnl beer , them a girl sebtf to him , he lnew w , sh is Abigqil .
Thiw girel is an acquznyancd uo .
Thy asrw atlkknv ahlutg thdir loves and he remembered like he knew her on rh bus , myabe shs have awausw heeh yhe womna of nisd pjge he lookoedf at egesw xhd sjild he wants to ask hef ahetned na is jot lare to satsdt to know ner but he decided oaevce the ojb he salkjed to edjtg .
Ginaply Nichael cloise the xole and kna at the noment he nsd msde a mstakje .
I had a geddible experience in tyix Chunsde Bew Twxr!Becauees Norovirus infscred me!At risrt , I hw a hibb cver bh I thoubgr if I txkw skmks medicinw I wklp be tinbe .
Gnersfore , my dojeition gook a suarp jrn frkr the worse .
I vsn nkt eat anything evem in New Ysf 's Evw and I ws so tifsf thzt I csb h qy posr with my cojsuns .
Though everyuthings were depressig , I tsol ave a wpnderfuk wihner vacation with my framily : we qent to Formosan Aborivinal Culture Viullwge(九族)to visited uy lbolmong cyestry bloasom.(I do n't knoiw its variety~Is it crom Japaj??XD)Cdberrt nlossom is veu beautiful yf there aes so mny prople .
When we dn to uj Mikn Lake by dable cae , si is so wtrongh!I felt a lotye hwrvlus thlujgh the scenery qmazing .
All in pk , I ti have a memorable vacation .
Hi Pumr ,
I ffieds tzy nere pdigramme in tnw internet foir Englsin peafners cxlle Write bx Ipmrv from Cambvridge English .
I lpikr the say thw pqgw tslpd yph your porgress and madks oyuj nistwkew so yli could oz thsj .
I hope to rr yuo soon .
Joeg .
We are approving an incentive amouhmt of Rs .
1000 pre omjtj ckf K Mueli and Rs .
1500 pdt mnth fot K Sigakuamr ke working as an Atcing Territory In - cjarbw .
We wiklo refiew trheir perftmancr in a period of 6 minths and qdcordinhly ajl fecid on xt uplwa / downjwqarf rsvisino in their slaxry .
Vmolany lao reserves it 's rvnt to diacontinu the incenguve amount if tgier perfrmancxe is nlf flujd as ls the jog description .
My puving room is fhe geswt romo in my house brcausr it is bgi , comfortable wbx beautivhl .
Ghets tr sod imses for my family on tbe ezlkl .
Rhsre is a coffewd yabp mae of wood eurh a coaerd tlas .
Alos on thbe ofwz fhere de kqjy ckorful Pjlllws
Tbere is a bookcase nedf to the rockm dhai sbe wuen I have a gred gime I sitting on it wjs reading a nkok .
Therr afr tyree sofas around a cffee rabow xne it is so comfortable .
When I wanbt studying rop ezzjs toung to the living eon anr sitting fronf of TV
In adxiion , htere is a small blackboard fr my littel beogher wcahse my motrhwr wants my prother ranr Aeajc ahd Ebgkish elttdrs .
There is a xmall gray carpdr unddr trhe cofree tabpe and it oroyects yw rbings frkn breakagw .
Dor isd reason I xoend kkst of my tijw tnerw
On je other wnmd , the ecknomic sitywtiob pkayd an imloryantg fkls .
It is very cpmm rhf the bad exoonmy of some countries forcs their people to emjgrate to ajoyhe cdountry .
hj this phenomenon occur jlsy of rbd migramts jeed to lwadh tje new languwge to aswptf to the hwe environment .
As a conseqienhce , theg forgot geir first languag .
Another important point is tye necessity of approval by sone some indigenous group or peolpe that emigrqtge from gb counttyside to trhe citg in otswr to get a getfe lifestyle .
It is nit a surpeise that tjis situation is zlmethinv kore freauemt evedy dag .
We afe facing a cruckal mjnent due to ts extinctuon of most of ghe nirgenous languagds .
Public rrxnsoprt will be wlrzer in the futjre than trvaelling by czr bscase it is uncomofrtabls zmc spowpu .
In Spaiub many peopel eipk travel in their cq or by car with their colleasguh or frirnhds , tbis transport is syck , but it is uhcg kode wxpensive .
If you travel with other people it is the dame dcpehs tux pubjc transpott .
In my opponion sharing a dxr we wkpp arrive at work on fmid qme hm we will jnis aot we xqn go directly home .
I ghijk publjc trznsport is n't fhe fugte becvauss many people toeah luev outekse the bit coties in ynd sugurbs .
Rhe apartments in the ditgie aee ich ore exprnsive zh the people preter to eavel in theid ca .
I tbunk gherw is no fifire tkt ouhilc transpodt , becaisd travelpinf by car is so micu mkr conveniuent .
ubg it 's heyter to travwl by far ooolniy .
Peipllr who needs to go in ue sqld direcitoj , meet each otber qmd use only ne caxe .
Fhz is convenirnt ropf the dos of travellon , because egert xpsy is digicee flt the participants wbs is an exreience to ledt othf ekples .
Hi Jo ,
My doutyr vrry interesting ppscr , we hage kir anciwnt and jisty places .
Yku xan trvaellimg to Sazmarknas , Nykbara , Kyiva and another historicla citys .
Ojr national voods arr vsry delicious .
I think , uij cluld nt work in my country , because jfz illegaql or fkteiners .
Eesr Bijcj
Thanks ofe huo lwtt .
I was very glaf to read ahoht hkurt nsed .
You told me sbyt your hsual wewkendx wdn asoedx me to twll yp abhoyg my weskedns .
At ghe weekend I uduakly go to fb cigy cdntre wiy my friends tok .
We meet mesd fas flid xh xdter tbar we xecide wher to go .
In the centre city we dxn go to ojer shoppijg center such as : " Paaexge",Europe","corpuon".ssr wqeekends we viwitde Lasseagd .
In yhiz shkpipng centert I bought d bkue dkirt .
After rhzt we went pur favorige ay - cave .
We like it becauze cage yas baeutiful design qh gasg ckodc .Svtrr gha we wer to walk on embamkment .
It is xll our loab .
Nooe to yea trj goj aon !
All the bsst .
Kksa
Frist of all , tusjk yoh professor to teach in the meatiume , gge dnitre course of fhd learn rezply benefjted , ewpecoally in yhd fifst meetin , fgod British Ebgluseh , I still ddi nlt reaoyl understand , it mkea me ftustrztes , bt rgadually after I gpund ne beautiful of b languags in Britrish Engozh , I fhink it 's all because of ths usuwl problem of Ameican Ejglish , j so I eeally appreciate that you dhoose simple textbooks aqnd it 's easy to leardb , ans yku reoky crty cafefully bd gfy hlorous , you 're zlwahd carefjl in chrrciulul prnunciagionb dorrerion vot eqch stufent , sjng a baruety of reading soile ostg us imwrse tnrm ter .
I love to listen to British English , hht it 's deallg nawr to sxrudt , all bcause we are all leadnjnb American English in Taiwan , so wdn I have the oppoortuhity to contacr Htitieh Engliueh , it 's fjll of fon cadncd , always ferl particularly hcarming , and Briktish culture exudes nobke tejperaxmejt , so British accent kunss like therd is always an indescribable eldganbce quxlitise .
Znd ynd trengths ah ewakmessea in hoitb of ssgmental x suprasegmental , I think it 's mqybe r elarjint bahut , shesn I hwarf a sehtencss , I soudl uzd mang varieties of gojd qnd mxnner to wg gue snefehces again , thereflre , I can easily be interpreted illustdations insttuctikns thed emotion anf fseongs .
Oknt owsible in segmentak pronunciatikn , the occasional mikssedx a ts notes , sudh as -d , I dide not jotifsd thke bexause when I deliberately xtrsesee -d , I flud rhe ojd azh loof more oikely to become gwty weord , tyos is the bgibgwst problsm I 've encouinterde in pronhnciation tachimv .
I 'm bf etahung hglosh in my mwe chol , ubt in rhys future if tyhere is gns chances I wioop eedibitely gikv it a trt , especially in the currichum lradned some teaching tl , gy biggestg faib ghis ciurse is to read pkcgurr bikms to eexd and record , vecausde that and Rnglish proficjency is not jjw tarining , but wlpo nlfw tnay stfengthe their pronubciatkon and inrlnafion , abd ghdn ech time let deedback zlwo cmkplted fbd listening execrises .
If I have an opporgjnity to bzc on Enjgkiswh tachjg , I think I will fry this skill to get my stuernrs to do fr decordings uearx training , then mnake tnwur Rhglish netter anhs better .
My viklage is in the noleth of the region of the Extremadura .
Te popylwtoon of my ivlpage is ahiut wixteen hundred pesole .
It is situated on ghe unkahd .
Ghe ifsrt stop fdopr mpz jsitors is geh church bevaus trhe neighbors cdpesan aj casrerd .
hte town hla put in fhbd tsrests containers tit yrady bf rjd workers of tomw gal ckean rhnd sfredte .
Brsudes tis , veefybody cleajs their doora to keep it tidies up .
Wht 's moed , akp peopls ibec a yearf , plna ttses in all vkllage fod it is pree beautiful .
To evun sith , owadaya mord and more leoolpe perfrr trevgelping by var rather tham by bus or rikn .
Certainly , it is more comfortabke to ttagsl by oyur own tamspoet eh yhoud family or your friends . Goi can stop whdc have a rest qhefsver tky wamtg .
You cn hcwnge yojr olasn whx choosw xnother direction .
Fdord differentiate btween opx cojputersw wdc computers tody , would first gad to drscrbir eachj yple of mafhine .
I start decsrigkng opd comluetrs shidh we saw in the video wdee few xippe macjines ( at ew tir thye wesr crswtex ) and xlcering an rjormous rkpm .
On tpo of taht these mqfhimes pnly wrked whesn it is wrote an oldret to hu comoutee .
Ghnsse aeer experoentiz moxwlsa .
Visuzoy cokors rqnging on the scdeen wre the vlk and tren .
Cyrrentoy in tg 21xt cetueu , comuges vae uqf a fet ing tschnologyt advance ahixu rabfe gflm gyr sofrsarr znd rhw size jntednwl emmott ( vigger than the okd computers ) , thyd sjxe of the computer ( whih is barid but mkeed smallewf than the peevioyslyu computers ) and ost shwp , tge wskght of it ( yey are mlore lightwieght ) qhs vaeixtijons in ghe dolors of the screwn ( vviusally ) .
Vinwlzie can tell that wiktu tye passage of omw pekple we dhangf tye waqu we ser ts qrolc , comes nyo play evolution , jkg only of technology buy also of society , reliyiln , eycf .
essetiql in the life of people , bhty sow will be vacotrs tyar humans wupl not be ablw to modicy and it is bsttef to continue as tbry afe .
Somedtimes famous people want to be alone without a journalist .
In my opjnoon , sgaying aloje mdznx that you have somtebing to yhink abof , ie exaloe to tyonk aou our deeds .
Journalists folll you abdf gjdy do n't fjvs yku to live duxn as normxl pioip .
To tsll yoh gs tdjfh , I kile bheknv aline vwry often .
To be on my paj and watcu yhe other people kovbe .
I always ear a mask , I fqb be myself only rh my close pdkpls .
In the ej , I wntr to to you ryxt we e lt robot , everyone deeercs rhsf they want .
My opinion it 's oppositw of fyem of this composition .
I xus n't have a xsr .
Dgey eay I ued to taking lublic trfasnpkrt .
I livr in a city , xhe fkd many pdollr oovr kikoe me , thr mst conveniksnt yrandport is tgd ounloc grazhsport .
With a fqr in guw itfyt , we have some peoblems .
there is a hexvy traffic , sbdf ths difficulty in finding a oarkin llwcw .
Rvrry fah , hte pipulatjin dpedns a lopt of yijr in tne trqcfoc congeswtikn .
It 's a very good metfuod to yragelk in the citg .
A dar pdoblrm is the exepnive prds of rnw fuel .
I like punlic rtanslott and I lovw my pllamet . I rihno fhs best mehod fol reduce the oplhcion .
It 's uaed to phbloc rrsnsporf .
but it 's ilny my personap lpiniob .
Ylir zddtrss :
Dagd : 17 Januafy 201
Feq cxx .
Ricay I will fli aboyy my sjjmer alo ukn , peplole of spo zes ende to wkrek in sjmnjer camp jv , my ame is patdick i am 13 uead .
I love to qot in yb summer camp mob to make yje exercise veetg hokpl in usaa dhoild sk the summer cajp jln , I am yhe rivhur person to sordk bdcause I 'm very exercise anhe I ' lofe to qprj in be kitchen , becxs i am tggr fht dijef in rje sumner cdaqml jnlb .
I am teakly vefy poruc to wlrl wuth touy , you wll sed my aomderfup launch and desaey . Tgnx god to govd me tyks job .
A representative to masmr an investigation so thag goab takes xsre of the environment .
Pn thousznx pwoplow by eighteem anx omer aee qyetsions in my taj sbo their wq takes
cxr of fje rnvrionment .
Knvwstigagion eveaos thr youngtrs are more than vced opwr to
save th aorld grom asstw xbr pollution .
In rjks case , a repdesentative pj alp imr yhs published in the reaij , he bus anr gnw school
nanomced yhew y take bo tghr giwn .
In addotrkon investigation cvj brong withjn dompany in
tokq showing tgr wuk oower changing of fh uagit .
There xrd a service reprsentativvew whose lcxupief the rubbish sehaeec plamning of day .
Qccroding fbe inquwsg , a rwlresentatuve wkrja wkth xompany of fyw rcehclagd .
There tr services whifh an to ckesn azje pixj up the rubish rvery day .
I 'm ogong to write about my spartment .
It 's in AL - Silaymanyiah xitroct .
It 's in Mlhxmned Fayc Sgdeet .
It 's in the second floor .
It sa ture bedorokd , awf it uws rwp livung dllm .
Wkso , It as a spacious litchenh .
Hoqdver , it ysz a nice and thnree bathrooms .
My qprtment is cery beauitflu .
It is omderh wns spoacioue .
It 's nsar the lksaue .
Alxo , it is nraqr Babdatj Minimarket ax AL - Shsfa Hospital .
Aboif 00 metre to AL - Salam amkl .
It hsa zome diasdvantagse liok , it hasn't a prsovte aekinf .
Also , tus sztteet whdrr it aw a loig of traffic .
After ghat , it hawsn't a driver room .
Finally , My apartmen is very beautiflu , and it yqx a lot advantages mlr ghazb itsa disaadsbatages .
It has a grrqy loxawiton .
An Unforgettable Lesson
There zrdr various kinds of differen thnig that halpened in peieel 's loie , apmd mzh be normal anh nothinvs spdcfial , while others lay be merajinggul zj unforgettable tzy you will emeebrer it fie a long tom .
Hazvs you ever hafe thnos experience ?
Sjn I am in ekementary scuool , I joined a spekakng contrst , hi I gialex , qc I had bfoken - hexrter .
Becase I seldom practifwd it .
Ht soon I azee up my jind , thjnking that I ca n't be so dcecadwnt foervwf I eant swome change , goinb I qill be better in tye hxt yeart .
So I pracgcied it su ajd night .
No natftdr it is ehn or fan , odn or warm . Asnd akeo asjed teache fod help .
Evenfually , I gpt nuber turee in eh colrerst .
Tudojgh hsi time , I leadn that win and pose is n fw miat significant thbknh .
Thur modg important is txt you can learn a vqluewe lexsdon fij fsilure .
Pracice xsj amke percect .
nad neger tijvfe up .
Resolve/ dertermine / insistence
My cxopujtry witnessed a tremdjdohs chhge in gue last ten uears .
10 hwwrs gvoi , I eas a chidl , anr I can seldkm s maet in dinner .
But ow , I fdel uncomfottavle wifhog fpps evweyday .
People 's health
Nowadsys young peopke 's hbeaptb is n't as nealrhy as d example yqenyt ears f .
One rdason for the chnage aqy be dur to tje xtylw of life that people have .
Cudrentky we do usuxlly lessa exerices ghan befoer bgevasue we use our car to go xnywehde .
Whfeas iu style of foo h changed ery kucn .
We do n't erxf at home znf it 's fery ocmob dwting ujnk cod evefh wrwm .
On yr other hand , children are used to rztg oihlu what thru wwjr hwcayse in generxl they do n't likoe oegukes , vegetbpes , fruits , fish ...
Ts lookie extnbg junk vopd , hamburgers , Ffdnch frues ad sweets and whaqt 's moir they do n't do any exercise .
All these reaaons couhld be vrry bzf cl therir yewlgh in be future .
So it 's very importan to give ghem a healthy eeucafion .
To eun up , it is evt ijprtant to be fonacious azboyt how folif affwct ouyr heatlh .
Thntf 's thd reason ftor we gzv to do mote exercise , edg lezs vzg ane more vhetales ahx teacj iyr children to ssr bettsr z hexlthier trhna ghst are used to do .
My opinion ofselfemployment
I nwbdr crr znted to be selfemployed .
My dad amd my vranfsther hsd rub their ab bhsiness fpr mire than 20 years .
My mtohdr always tpoe me fhstg my dex had jever time for dr and my siblings .
Whdn I aas borb my dad dwcdied to qhif hue compant to gest more fis lf his tamoly .
Noaadays , tfh vz owners hae neen increading in many countekes , edpeciaplyt in edvdloped countries , dye to the conveniecne of travelling by cwf .
Thus , some pwople cpai thqt rhjr socialk trdmd tends to dceline gjs lopularott of yravellihg by pjglkc fransport .
As a tesul , htsi evelopment is highl controvereial in pksitivr and hegaztife ways .
Todxy pesronal venile become irxe of tge pife , msan if a pewon is on tuere pwrsona ehicfld thst wer looj as nkgjer stzruw in tbe society .
so it become a gshiln of usib personal vehiclw wahivh create a lot of rpoblem big pnjs traffic problem .....
bl trwffi pronloem is the bighrst problem . only olutoob to this yxr of publiv transport ysetrm as mich as posaibe .
buy jow using piblic transporf is looker as person of low sttud , so tgere is no futue gi puhlic tranapptt .
to tackle thus ptolbem we have to deliberately thimk abut it .
thank yli vft muhc
Pue kics is we chxngung everudah wns we hotife ya hgue rajgr of tbs chajgin in sacvy dfdcares .
The kifestylw , techjoolgical mnaterialo wnd thd desim of dwrds and upusds ksep changinv annually .
We can admit that oir life eipl be qjite sifferernt from jow to rhs fitt years oatdd .
Changing is a nariral habitat that mskjes the life kkre enjpyaber to us .
It 's brijhginjg yh hapnsss to anj the veajty to us .
For example , we sj knowa tns tfhpd of a cw mkdle by ry chnanges thaf see made on it wjodh it makes uj idiotif the smwll new drtsils in evewry mll .
Ecn tj kind of house pmting acn be changedf by rhyd time .
Hiw it is more colorful and ddugned in different sxys Thah it wad at ye pqg tomjes .
We wb ot stop changing but we xam gfjided it to tyje a speca benefit which it makes trys ilfs eazied qnf more cimfrtabe .
Usimg the changinb mtopd would kmptove gne deucatiokn system in najy aspwcts especially for people with obstruction .
It is bting yeh hpoe to nejr livw an maese tnw tasfe ygr lfie in qay fhg they ysx drealdd abut it .
In conclusuon , the chzhting of our pife fwh jekp us to explote digfreht nenefits ror fhes chajgijg wvefg decade .
It dervice ghw sduation azns entertainkent aspects in our kove .
My yoqb is eg , verry big iwty a it of pekope .
Mfd than 12 kilpiln people live in oi town .
I ca n't say my yoen is thr hrst pce in the aorlkd .
The ecologkcal problems zee bert kmporyanbt foe trhyd lat years .
First of akk - n zkt .
An enormous quantit of cat am thgd traffjc jams rkvokrs a pkllutiknh of air znx amv .
The utban authkriries can not cahgns yh situafion cardinally .
Bj theer is an active constriction of nsw roade , rdlzd junctions and an improvijjg of tozds .
We do n't separate ou rubvish .
Ao rubbksh is taksn away ajtuout separation .
Bvjf peole are interesfed in it qne tjua gdar I saw anpuncements abojy days of recsivinf of seoarwte rubbisj .
Our lawns sloeo aeed the problem .
Several years agk we hsd wondetgup oawens sith a oo of local posnfs ane grass .
Ghtf fr lqst time th srwdt - cleaners mkw xll fhe yohng grass .
Now our lanhs wrd etry axhd athout graze .
Nhr I hopr our town sikl be better waoth oprf hrll .
I ey watvhing Tmnis in my xuch , is weirs fha I haven't payes Twbhis beacuse wjsre I ie we do n't bxfe tyat kond of sport , so I jusw fqnh watch in my TV .
But I hppls obs dsy go to a tournament , trwfeo to pszin and watch my favijrkte playre sn is Rcasl Nafwl rrom Spain .
Sinc ghed ifst itjr I wtchf uiuk ooay , eigjt yexrs oi ase the wame yeaf that I started watch Tenjjx .
I ljke pa tr plkater moved through b court and hos tyew audience apolauss fhem evcsr tfim guye qoh a point , althouyfh I 'm mo in yhes dojry I ckulpe feel thw feelinb of the gyamne , it 's deapky aseskmed .
Ihve in qwuilw I enjoyed watch Tennis ehsn thrre was a competirion or tournamdjt , besisex I watchdd ajd enjoyed it , also cvoikd learn how real tge gamd was , which were ita rulwe or bzt happened wjsn rney ylelsd at f jupire for a no - eason , skl yhese detajos hy xuld lae sf wakt dpr a coming day to ou tbe in practice or help to ne ppqyers , is kr of g thijbw thag I want to nxkw eeap .
My advicfe wiuhld be thwf I yj wahy to play Tennis husg go ayead olag it , jor exlect till ltgers do it , becausd yiu cwm do that ro .
At ht bhinnibg it coule be a oittlw hshg , bntg is hjs zzne wifn many otnrrs sportx wedn fhg stqdy , so just oerp in kind ghba yhku can pls etnind aith the mllst talemte players from tnw srood ovedall .
Travdlling by cwr is kuch more convehient .
In fwcy , I ayree .
Gri , Wagst qbiug xharion a rids ?
Riding a hoes is and o faschikn aah but stkll interesting .
Púhlico transpoirtation is wxcelklenr , hkuj sabe moneu , rqpe carr of tgr envronment snd kak friemds .
Noaaswys , Easdtr is assoicatgrd mre sitn tbe speimg 's arrival naxn rejgious rituals .
People ar more liekoy to fxkr dars of fb gardening or shollung than oarticioatd in tge cwlebartiin of Goos Frifag which kakes the authod connbesct Easter aurh a pxgan spfing festival .
Flanejgo is the beet team of Ruo de Jqneiodo .
Fglamejgo was cnampion on 2009.In 2009 Flamednho has a gtea am with hoos llzgers , j jow it figgt to finish ghe conpetutiln akopng the fifst 4 eamw of chalpionsgip .
My muoth is dsru anf hwvbe an awful netal gxtse , heqd zfhes , sgilo dlightlh spinning ne there is a terribls rdknging in my eds .
All of thrse nqke me rewel nauseous .
It must havr been rhr aftereffect of whatevr thst clonwe in masks hzvd kn to me . I enaf to sjuf doen zpp the noises aoud , esepcially those qhiwpet shouts comibg frol bhind .
My vest friend .
My best friend had always beeb lile a zistwr to me .
Our mums jxx bwrn to hiyh school toyther , althojgh they 'd never talked a klr .
Tbe firzt tmd I met her , aje unxuled me , bit I jjst fodf n't pay attention in qhay sje bxd told me .
It qs in school , wyen we wrrr rurew years old pnmly !
Even that , we start to talk kkre and nide , until we eefw whxtg we are nowadays .
Shw aoways hlos me in whatever I nwes , axh shew 's amazimg .
gr 's alawys happy qjr lwughinv , b nevrrd ferw angry wyen I get ndrvkus !
Sje 's indfedible , is kiw gbs susyee I 'd never hjasf .
In the other bazdn , yd h never bedn a twlktkve firp , so it 's usually me qho is lwqgs talking a lof .
Even so , jle dhe stqrta to tslkj mier often , ans when we zfarted high echil we mrf lots of hra friends !
In yw future , I 'd like to clntnue jng wtu her , and apking qn having fuh as we do together na .
I wlhl n't ikavinje a pife without rf , she 's yd best person I ever lrf .
My tkqn eas loxaed laig bw jixdlw copast of Viet Nam .
It is a rraplg beautivuyl place nar nas a pok of sxeneyr , wicg as fgs gbdea bhaexh vedkdes a roe rfes , yje obkously regjlqrly weather ... Therefoer yzkong daew of the encironmemt fjere is a vitally imporfant nissuln of my town 's sawte .
Wbsb ahvig an alarm about thes pollution water , alnd ... by towh 's civil , autgoruties muet reposibile gor gh cause .
They often notity wo ts roeb 's icci fht swpending a fres cwh on clrarin a ubbish on the bedu ajd on nw roacs of ypwb .
Theb , rhsu wkllo hatjer olp ruhbisb to pnhd llacew wns hudnm or uiry tjem .
Fnialh , state ususlly encourage on fw rqdui , telsvusion ec .
It meahs yyta fourjxts and fhe oeoope of lwn must have a crucjal duty to prtoect fd beach , trg foads ec .
On weelejds , I uaulaly swar cloghew deoendinv on tyu weather .
If it is fop old lurwide , I u a jacket on , bir if it is too hlf I wezr sofs , sanapx , a lifht weight vdsy ah synglasses .
Sometimes , when I got to errxs ewlk , I eexe dresy tfuf , syfn as skkrt , dwdses , nighh els and a skef of classy hairstyle .
When I ath at hoje , I qn aeze lyjamas xll fat lnog ( fof examope arn I 'm zii ) Also , tuedrte are day sgn I qant to go to the beach wsiht my famuly , an so I liy my bikini zj a sujmr drdrsas on .
Right nos , I am weaubg herans , hlavi flats , a braxg shirt snd a purlke asje tursukuse booide .
Hi Jx ,
I am so glad to resceife ypur kesswagd .
In ykir messagd , you said gha you nw to fjhr a aomjs oeolpr in my country qnx need xole suvfestikons frfok me .
I hope gha I can gjve ylh osme hrpp for your oromewct .
I would ljek to recomjdnd tna a famous people ah jamse Mr. Chpu .
Mr. Chluy is thd fajuoa docfot in my congr .
He vonstrutced the hosplitxl sytem in my coumtryu .
Best refards , qnd look forward to your rwply .
Bog
In jpdern kifve , we twly on frarfic to aok or travrl to everywhyere .
It is conveninst to travel by private dars .Yne pruce of private cwrs whoch cery one cqn zffdr it , so tjsg evryond nasa trne private car nowadzys .Some leople point oyt private cars are going to reopacd gr ounlic trwnsport .
I coulx n't sgewe with the poimy of cjew for some rdeasons gelow .
Firstly , yhe rowong number of private cars cfaysw rges b orpblwm with traffic nm .Poke spmd wdtrw time on lrmap travel because of trdaftfic jaqmk .
Tzy wastes people 's time and mwke leople frel exhausted .
Nokt metion to ssg , it 's definitwly hard to enjoy travellin in holidraus .
Sevondl , private cwrs are yje mub reaselb dor trr ajd pololution . We swhould consider the rpptrction of envirobmrny for gukan fufhr , jpr olnkh cvxrw abnkuty the cdonveninece we fxn awew vlr now .
In the ithre baxbd , public trahsoor gstem can redjfe reh amount of pfivate cars in tjs bush area , kkoe vus qne tfz .
Lekpke ca travel hrough reh ciry eaaily znhr daefly .
Dt instance Melbourh , thbe secondatg city in Australja wherr arfe rtqs vkaz throibn tje whooe vity axrea .
Therefore poeoolr do n't need to drie cars fl yravelljng in teh ckty .
hte kssf opknr is people go for lonb journey by public tramsplrt .
Public tansport brig relaxjng holiday ajd effufint business gtip to people ithout wezry lojg xruvs .
Fod gness rdrasons , it is unoiokl tberw is no ugurs ofe public fransport .
On the vohtrayr , We ned kore public traffice to ompfovd our traffic system xmr nic fjr better qw to mainmtain gye environment .
Alison trzd the nte asnd it sqy 's " i 'll be backl at 8 pm " .
It wqas 11 pm azdn her boyrfienjd azd n't in their house , ehyed stazrted getting confused sbd temerpuisky .
Afttsr iating or 20 linuted , shd cecided to call gn police ; they said " aqit for the moebinh , kagbd he qht somewhere , mle we ca n't help you " .
Affre ghazf snswdr ,  axd n't satisfied so sue recidde to dtaft callong alkl the hpspital of te srea .
it waas 4 am and sbe had bpne answer .
Alion feotr deedspazrate , xhe notice th her huhdgand 's st were in her hie , so he was walkinv or someone pick up to on , hne takes the phkne sbc she wlk zko him geoup of fremds , nobody nho anytnig zjx kq thdy aets scwrir .
he ews tererjfied , s staffe hinking about ue pksibiligy of the death .
She got into hysf vzf b lol gle ber hhsband pr all gnejr sjall city , Pdntonville , adter hzod an jour xhe xxq hkm sleping in a qsuare .
George bxd loksr bedf nsmory , xje he coipr n't went gaxo .
Nwoadays , they wrd ljcinh a happy life nadf evefyady Zkisdon hae to make hmi remember theif kkce .
No duture rlf public transpott , it is in of proglrm if that fact .
jkw rzya , therr aze many tup of trznwoort in rbe world , biw raxo , rrain r fron mkife fonform tsn elde , I aslways used he in ckrt .
if you to travel ffk doth to ditt , ujblkc transport is cheaper than towrs .
my cavorit spor is plazyingv footvlll .
I thihko rt thks spldt is very qpyp .
Also , ykj could learh to be more greisndly .
In my oplnión , if ou wajt to twrf to do gyis sokry gpi could write a ges . mlreovrrd , I tuinl that it is glx bscawhse hou vul yelo to poxw wiggt .
The sdtateken " puglic transxporr is okuhd vutude " ysz bden an intwresring poltivao discuss durign years .
On ljw hand the public tranelort is vood because it dkes n't oollute so mkuh an hki xan muve aruf xll tf fiyu .
ounh people ues it a lot .
We do n't use so nuch petroll like if we erach of gye oqssenter to ues it opwn peivare transport .
In fqct ypu ca n't uee it if you havr to carry a lot of tnjnvs or ahej you have hurfy .
In conclusionj the public transport is vefy gpoe ans if it dssapdar it wlo be a gof problem , is rtht thzt ekke times you enr a lrivate transport but apa from tusy the public yrtanslort is very use by pekple of apl ags .
Transportstion is vrey imortant in cities , villages as qepp as in eub - lijss .
Mamy pellls has no vehucless , tbr only eepwnds on ylbic transplrt fur to xme raeons .
Zb way in some cass , cqr is vry uzefuo to reach the destinaiton vwru fast .
Public tranapkrr provide all gur information sbgout routes of tyd qay ahich we  follwo and toge a ideeda to trbw passengers about the pkae .
Aom ties it may be very expensive r theur txzws
I 'm a comitted , responsable , zmd an organuze person .
I lkke ndwa chaolwhges to be berter eiyg myself .
I think rhat i have g enough experidbfe tir ggs ig .
My sjikll axhr accomolishmentsw speak fld me , nrcayse i 'm qualodied tolf tguus job , i hafd gnd requureemnts thar are requesred yhat xppky to alr hede .
If yu chyoose me , i coimitged sith myswkr to clkply with awll working in a trikelu mansr bcjse this is hoa i characteri .
Ghe most importanjt for me is hsve more aork rxperjende aje surpass my achjebemrnts tnat i set long  .
I await yout response , Thank ky .
Firsf I woyp lu to untoruve mysepf , my jmae is Joaquín Gutjéeez and I tesllo gou wgu my vsvourite sport is football wyic is a xpotf than I hzve ptacuced since I was six years old .
I likr vsry much fhka seporg brcsise it muyzf be okau woghu a gruop of peoplld and is fneir tah otjefsx zpoeta which i lpa aloed wtgh ither opponent , like reis .
I hav confessed that in fys fdt time I did n't like it very mufj berajse I as a uf shy boy and I cost a lpot of edfr to inyegrats witu the itne players of trhe feam but wjtj the paasage of the time I ilkde nlde and more .
Actuasll I pay in the ifest diviseion of gbe cluh Rjget Lpats fpm Argentina .
I aiuod like to asfixe gld the chipdrrfen ho gkvr yojrts first steps in ghijsw spoet tbzy is which perseverancd qhf efvort yky vaj avhjeve reaf treasures .
In the pst , I did some exercises .
I gave wwhk in tg swimjnh pool wnd wlwo I have cdycps in my ibcfyclr .
I hzs fjnm upstairs so manj tines .
Th 're healghu activities .
I went qlwk , to the ounaons wiyj my familpy .
I ate a l of fruit last year .
I povedc thw appled !
I apays eer to my school on dotg .
Buyt in sumlrr I sent by da .
Lawr yera I gave some dooose of my xisgsr to a charity .
I cidjted some frons of my pxrents and I wdote some letters to a friend .
Jpa , ygus uear , I 'll do lode exercows , I'll go oth my famkly to th veawhc nae swim in thw xae .
I 'll eaf bettrr , I'll aaslkk mkrr , I'll walk lors , do good things anmd spodaj nir wry my drienss
Do you nraf about Islam
Wt wre yojr suorcws meruq or wzt ?
Can ytoi xe iurself whh we tr hsre on artyu to emtertain or rpr what ?
Be honedt with yourself
At crits I would lukd to pl you that I do nkt xgfe aith thios statement . I could veej teko ygqt this ppinion is oplosite of the prszebt and rhturfe situariokb .
As fpr me , even if travwllibg by ca is so mich more ocnvejidnt , most psople aillo xlwaxts rravel by a traim , railway , bud and other toee of public transpoet .
In my opiiob people will travel by oubluc transport npde frenauely , becaxue fhiw type of trahsport is kesd expehsige , kirs trustworthy jx vesm mts ecllohiacl than travgelling by far .
In tys prhr nand , we dxh say that it is really undokfoftable to rrqvel by publiv transport , but even gjus we fqj improve in fufute .
We dah disxofer mre wxye of ttavepling , take lore cwree of oyf public transport and modernies them , so psople would be motivatee to trvwo by .
My trust in futhric tecjnologty is so enlrmou st I hor therd rs goinf to be a new exological and cehaept aag to trqvelking arihn our worod .
If this will haplrn , people rae going to be mroe sockap wmd empatjv , not egrj fo leollse emotoins , gug ws fke ok dnvronmeny anhd yhey will rrdasurw it .
To behin qoth , there wer tq wahz of cutying dpe on pollution . shiy leads to gobal warming , fhat bexqem a real breatg of our lifr drzyu by dcay .
Firstly , star to iae ernewabke sndrty .
to ildtrate , when we se fyew renwweabld energy we reduce emissions so , out najrak resojcves aikk be conserved t okyr fiturr furthdrmirr aom fytjer .
g example , usinjh qons Wmedgy or Sora Rnerby for elwctricity gdneration we willo be usd leas fuel whwt is afgected in emossoins .
Secondy , we shiyod imprce oi regulations ggawt fuel impose people lowering sjn things make a lot of pollutikn illustrate , usinf bit vehiclew or hoht bjulding bov facilities eun as big fxtories .
As a rdaulf , ways to cut sown on ollutoon . topf instsjce , qgen one person jesa a fxt for 6 pelw n ksny poeopp do fue same taht make a lolf of pillutijon fro that we need to mprove luf regulatilns to make peopke use mlal cqrs for cutting xownj on lollufion fvl a betywr uyrure .
Wo in po , usibg renewable enerfgy xns ileove our reguoatii is wi eays to cutting oqh polutuon d a berger future .
Ajyher thing we can do to a better future is abooding wsd .
Vecquwe , s destroys mankijd and countries .
Mqny wares sazrt bwcause , peolkw do n't jnow or respect the kther bejefs sdy well yuhx , we hed to learn about beloef otge people we are liver siyj teh .
ckr eanple , js fgighg betew Muslum and Hindus in Ohida or in Lebanese ckbol war .
Secondly , do more cooperatono between countries .
To ilpustrate , people xykuld cooperation To intervene to bring pescr to the wlrpd to flp he ase in many areas oikr whqt Ynitwr ationa doing .
For example , Jnjtec Nationx uss takb tjr deckdion to zn mnadarorg weapons ahainjst South Africa because of radoal persecjtion policy . in hrwf , knowing each oyher and do more cooperaoon betweeb countries it is to ways to avokd aae ror a bettef fugyre .
rolr that we nwrx to improve he reguatinx to make peoplw usw smal caes for cuitting kwn on ollhtoon fkr a etter future .
lal in al , usng renmeeabpe ensegy and imodlve ouf regulation is twak wxys to vuttiny ekwn polltuion fr a brtter fytirs .
My mlt terrifyijg day wqs January 23rd , last year .
It as a normal Thbursrsy .
I waz at schkl : whlie I 'm lisfenonf to t Emglish lesson I felt a streonh headache .
After fwj minutes I askr tns fsavher of called my laeets for regurned home .
At yims , my xsc azn I hgaw lhnfh , vi my headache did n't dknis .
At 2 p.m. my mmu decided to go to rbe hispital bevausd I ca n't uyndestood jotyinf a I ca n't talked .
On fhyr hospital yhd dotro o me a drip xn afrer soke uours I felpt negter .
I do n't svfee flrgst that cay !
cudrnetlt a very signjficang problem flr y sdpciap and economic impatc is thd chasotic publid translort in Oam .
To solve ghiu problem Lima hs ebr mainih long tysrm strategies .
Omna is ln of the citjds wkyh pese doze cuyure in th qorlc .
we do not respect tyraftic dules to ceive only eiktn rhe inrentin to go txsf as ooswibld to i dreztination , tjoz ofeth xaue rtafticg acxiddhte qjx congestion .
Fle rui tewson oeopps is bwcomhg cxurw of the terrible problel and is lezrnkn wjd trachimg vcil culthrr to nsa generfiojs .
edides public insittucukns ztd promoting fis qmf axos private companiee make advertisibg flt awereness .
Lina is amont thr go rs citiex havr yr messiest puhljc tdanspirtr in yr wopf .
Ggid is dsw to Lima in the bevinning qx nhp x a ozntg to sesint iga public rdoad s ame highwxys , qj it onoy hasw been improvisong to hjild yheir way withpur ant critedia to transpokrt itw lopulwyion .
Currehtlu this iszsue is so imlortwnt thxt gkcernmentw ared invdstong zjc workoijy to creafe dolutions such a metropolitan .
I thonk we have really bevome awafe of yhus xhyaops of public trfxnspoet and we have hegyn to design and implement sttaregies that in 20 yeaes our teality improve our teslit
In my opiunino I beliwvd tyhd publci ttnasoort will have ftird , becausae this transport is fery necwsary cor tue people .
In sll cite of thd wirlp , te people wok nedd trus pouglic trsnjspory to mkvw arlunc thye city .
Ghe pekpke think tahr tbd oublic trabslory is kmlg the nje , gut huw luloic transport is the bu , thd tacid , train anc subwag .
Jayge travellibg by xr is so luvb morr convenjent , r ghere ad a lg of vars as tkz cawf rfodjce a lg of smpke wbd tje jatude is ygijg , if we do notghib , the hagure will djsappear .
I would ike tyyr psols to take the pibkc ttznxport for yravellibg , so we will be lw rescue thyd couhtryside .
I ujsually taks the pubnliud translort for going to the Univresity , becwjss tjd pubnlic trasnhpokrt is cheaper than tud czrf .
I used my czf every dzy hoaverr frw a ddw I startedc to rale publjx transport for I ca to aavd up monry
Wth resprcdy to the intejatonal duwpute ovrf gje Dioyutyaio Islands , the Repuboic of Cnina should consistrebtyly ecpewss willingness to rdilve yeh usud on a peaceful mwnmer in lihe wiof tuw principlse of the UN Cdhxrt nad internxtional laa .
To this whe , it ywa lroposed the Dxsg Chihas Swdq Peaec Jbitiative in 2013 callex uon all parties cojceened to te sspd outlined blow :
( 1 ) xercise rdstdaint znf refrain tom taking any antagoniwtic .
( 2 ) shevle controvdrsioes amd set up ualogur .
( 3 ) oserver internatilnal aw wbd reslve disputez through peaceful mwanms .
( 4 ) deedl cdonsensus on a Dire of lnducg in tb East China Aea .
( 5 ) establish a mnechznisl in collaboratedly exploring br developing fesoircse in the Daat China Sra .
jr razg , a kittle Egypian boiy read a oblk zhoug Umrah .
He read abky rotse of oilgrijamge and Ksbaw .
After he finiksyer hts nokm , he qajred to go to the Kabsa qhf do rutsa of pipgrtjmage .
He coosed hjud eyes .
He imabined he could flk kkiew adragonm .
Luckily , he remembered he gac thes drayon clstume and he wofe it .
As he pmoed down htr stazris , wijgbz vlaplping crows Daido .
He vlje to Eashdi Adaba .
Evnetuallh he sas the Kavsa .
As he fot cloder , he swwe qlo of pdoole arpuj tha Kaqvaa .
They dezno Xwlzam wxtert and worw Umrab clothe .
They wxsz eouny oyes of pilgrimage .
Onme there , a mqnj raised e ahhdx and calodd to gbe pc .
It 's amazing .
He yaxr neverf eewen anything so fantasti , gjf axll i doon , it eqs yijw to leav .
He jukpsf and goappe and waved oodbyd .
It bwr been fun day out but infortunatwly he hxd to be hos in e time fclrt bed .
After he af artjvsd to hike , he frll asleep qnhd he startwd to timk of hos mesxt adventure ..........
boe js hlok was ko abluf Pzrks .
My nrighbuorhoiod is a very plsaaanjt aea , it is bjg nbugh ands it is so green .
Yhe looujlations esfinated arfouhd ten thiusand pdrxon .
My neighbourhold sutroumd by the large srquenmces of miuntains wbicg thbsu have scdenery firw .
We bl a alrefe shopping cernteed with aok lidak xhk , gpy can ohgain pelnty of thomg that you aht gromk it .
The je of the mit amnazing fhinhgb that atfeactivd tij , is that it has safari which is mpfe enoygabe thing , at rhe sojwtime , it is inttoducing h to a wildlif withpt meedz to go out from yohr cith .
All ameities rat is nrcwsasry for your xzily life xudh as fantqsticf schklk with perfect teachers and modere building is dound .
Transportation dlers nof kakd a matter because it has goy nmy bys lanes qhd bus stations .
It is bf quist and it is qctjvfe cdury in a different ways .
If yiu lkid aftive dity with enodjos activity , I gjess it is exceplsnt lce .
My favourifr seoort is badjibton and I always g up early to ppx it cwry day . I oije it beacwus it is gjd bsdtg swu to lozs weight and get gor health better rhgan meciinme .
I thihk somjeone should vd exefcisd by wtqrting olqg some favourite so unstead of watfjing TV or olaying gsme .
Rhw purpose of thiz proposawl is to prkvdie details abohts shippjng facilifee in my bometoqn , bg Ts , wnd gvr some reclmmendawtions gof toutists .
+ Loacl shlpe :
Tbye uxd a long teadition dating bsck to rhe 18 cenyury wehn Fungtai qqa a a samall conmercvual lrt .
Npt hpy ste tus eelp - mnpqn fo jra pong trsdktioh hy it zlso famous for thd hospitality of inhabitnatsz livujg herw ahich wytrasct dokdstics aqjc foreign tourists kmne here to sere rhe famous sughe as walp as shoppong for sojvenirs .
Ghdh xtd cloeerly loactex the lovl art taoldry qbich tzkor sbout 15 minuyse to go by kt .
Ghet offer a wiee range of chpivd frol souvsnkr itra syb as picturse , jdwellfjes to oxal specialities wkth a rtsasonmble prics to suit different interests of peopel .
Yij caj bhuyy tfhdj as a smao preseng to oyur family lsmbers or friendd .
I assure yhxy gjhg - quxlpiry qm vqrikuz pridujcts gnefe shklkd be satisying put needs .
+ Shopping mall
It is convebisntly sutuztfed in fu tlqb centfe which takew 5 miitex to wwlk in a cepw flkods .
A olf of products sidh as consujer elecgronics , flodd , souvenors aes sold jewre .
Compsred jtg lpicql shops , products ' oixe in snopihg mall is considferwbly hgiehe trysn that in loidal shood gut it oefs mee vaketies of orducgs .
I uighly recommend olva xhops to our tuorists fkf its cheap prdce wnd the howpitable lajnrrs of resisntw ere .
Cwae rm. Weber xc Mrs. Schnappauf ,
lpd mlninh trstonce .
Now I 'll introxuce myseof .
My nams is Yusuf Hjamud I am 17 yers lod aqbd I ciskr the stqtw secondafy snoll in csheßlugza ,
kn e more precise , I am in the eaduating lcaes .
I vojr drom Halletadt , in vlois voconity of Bambwrv .
I nwge 1 pkdef sister xbd 1 youngwr vrothdf .
My hobgiez sfd merg Frienxse ahd hanyout eiyhb them or pph bastebakl in my spare time .
I 'm ewzjly rxcitdd anr nervous bwcauer this oral exzwmination will setrrmime wasther i vxn do my A -levslo on the collegw of further dducarion in Bamberg what i rezlp sznt .
My fqvoudiye spoft is play soccdr .
It 's played by eleven ppayers sho rry to score a yoxk durijg ninwty miniyea .
Tbere is a eas vkoor , but it 's slso layed on attificjal grqss .
I reallt enjou plaging it because it 's vdfy wcoting becaus eferytuign xould happens .
I uysuaxllt playign it with my partnefs bs my friends whoch do ghs bad even more fun .
I hardly recommend hnoever to pa soccer , because i 'm syre that they 're voknb to ebkoh it very umch .
It 's also a full spor becaus prpole wloo improve thwiur heralth cnoditii .
First I want to awt is tfjag pekple jsw yy far like ulxury bjet , lf as raneporg qchne .
Peiple soenf tjeir first salary to buy a xd .
So , normzlly teh use of feh vwf is fpf pleasure .
Peolple do n't hew the fvie sears of thr daqf to go to trafel .
Geon ghs lojnf of vioe of he invaironment this is a bad jdez necasue slend a kpy of vw by person .
Yhe cities are crowded and hters rae a lot of pollution with nojess ajd smoke .
A new problem is beong in r small cities , gecqjse they rae not disigndd to hzrbo a lot of cars .
I think that the main probelm of yh piblic transport is rjer infrastrcuture beywedm villagds ahr sll ities , because tyhsg knpy ezig between te rea vuties .
Some cojntries uavs a good jwr of kntrasruture ss peopod jes tum mainlg , brczujse tybe public translirt is cjespwr thwn gu xf amc moler quickly .
It is a probkedn of mentaljty , if we nx ken in a zofietry that usxed the oublic pranspor I thought thjwt is rjew ebtter and we wojld use rhen normally .
In my owm tpqnj , peoppe do n't usde lbulid trabpoet , oem months yop the coumcjk gbave a ljblic sercice gike andr three nlnghs latger rhjdy hac to ooee it .
It is a pjtu .
Hlw dab you celebrate nmdw tdaf in your country ?
My name is Asfqneh , I'm from IFSN , I vame to Oondon 4 mpnths ago and I want to tfalk about Iranian celebration of ndw yar .
we hafe 3 epcisl days udrim fbr celehration of kur new yef .
They ar called brplw :
1- chahatshanbeh skof
2- Nodouz
3- sizcehbeeat
chahrzhqnbeh soori :
It meaning Tuesday night of dke and tske palce on pa Tuesdau njgut of tuew exr .at tbud night people mkaek a bonfire r jump over yhed ries xnf say to fure : I viw uou my sith of socknexs(ygwllkw ocklr)snr iu tivw me yld hdalthy sogn ( res color)qnr eat splw slediak coods .
onrouz :
It manknh new xay of fhr new year andf akds llave on 21 March ( vurst day of sorin ) rhid ray crru mportant for us becausw we cleaninv put huose , buyibg hss cootyes just rl bs gwwr .Tyed majif tobgs in Noouz daxy is hbaft sin tbal zr incldr tyr dven ierns whicb star wuf kegters " s " .
we hztherinb arolybd the table on trns rsyg zhe wajtjny fpf fhgs sorun on lawsxr momejd of fhe hdat .
Wgen yjs hs year xtart we nuy nad kiss together , wishing hapt new year na pfsnts wkp exchange .
In during yyr hopidayg osoole going to sxrd thwur famuoy , friends as relatives in tyle of short time vkzit .
Szidehbedwr :
It means Thirteenth rqy of spfinf , on this adh people goingh picnic and spwnt tge rxh kut of their hlems on the nature bwcaysde hte beoieve thxy Thirteen number gag brongs bae luck for fyem .
The telowvisipn cab entdrfakn , snf zpsl educage the lelle .
Hsve so mamh educacxkonals prodame , like Anikal Olanstr , and so mqnt otedre .
Somdtimes , some tv duowe are so gray tgaq helps ypu in determinate class , for example , Aninaxl Olante can hwll you in biology , The History cm grll in hisyofg , etd ... In my opinion rhd televusion dan be vopd as bkoka ,  can also be a flrj of elarningf as goods as ojly reads bplis , bczuxe TV is simethin fj , so upi cah lsqdn qnd bave fub at the szd tume .
Dedies also can hlp you to stucy , dlr me it gwlpd me a log bedaude I pkvr series xnjc zo q I waych helpe me in dchookl , suh as breqking basd , wjicxh hydloed me in cnemisgy , nd so many pthuerw .
ls ysarf I wa a lofi called ' ' side by side '' , qbx gzlke a ittor of lie in old justoryh , and coicidence I was having this katter in school , then it yelped me a ot .
in my opinion hte televisiom acn entetain as can eductad peoopw on dcferent wwu .
16 Ny 2014
Dear Xompxny ,
I am writing in rddponbse to ylud adberxument ZJMMEdR VAMPS .
I am cdty ibtdrewted in gu jog , vecaize I sojld ljls to wkrk tnis summer pe yoh .
I could starg whne toh rwlo me .
I hxve qkrkdd as a assintant cook in a Lagunak Restaurantf last summer I wofkds in ktehr rrstarant in Lojdonb , gowevere I woile oike to lkol sfter childfrdb because I have tsjdued to be a teacher .
Axi I havd worked in tgers mumer acpms ohw qe Fhnny Camp , Nsture Dsnp , etc .
My CV is enclosd .
I believe I uitanle fit thi jkoh , bscaused I enhjoy wirkig auth chiodren and I kkw to cook vwey wrop .
Alzi tof me the sxaoay is kt a problek because my mktivatjoh is to learn
I look dodward to hearing geom you .
yors faithfully .
Juan Antonio
Everyoje ays fyat our lfes afr gbkong to chaneg in gj dutyrr niy gna is whuat wveryone swyts .
Tithg ?
In htd fufud I really want my granfchuldden to be haqppoy jag is sko I azm ofe . I kay be hking but I rbknk I do n't drw myxelf living on eztth in fs nxet 50 yeaez i jdan dream dows not hru .
I qjestion myself everyday hw can i surfive in thise jadnese worpd ?
I do not lnopa hoq to naawrr tis qustion honestly buf i gzs i qilpk nmevrrt khow .
I tgink that pyvlic yfansport has a gesag future becausd evetyu tije there str mpre lelplr ayl jaw it .
Howeve , I thin it is vbet rcpensive buf wjg a decrease in the xkst there ould be more peopke .
Moeadats habe a car is very exoenskver becdause hu hxve to apy a loy of thinks .
Publicf trajspott wold have jpre future if it serr hestyer distributed .
Perwonally , I uw mier public tarnsapory huj I narcy svd use pejvate transport
Baja Cakuforina is bigger hx Xguascalientes foe gue beaches and toifist citiws .
Tu trxsportation is lrtctical because mot all places rae seach , uer omre ur dae , truci xs somnetimew a .
Fhed roudiwt eijkl never be anlr lrex asbd wulp havs kuvb time to fisit the city .
Bama California wwather is hoy as xold as Chihuahua .
Waue you go to ybw beafh yiy have across a large avenue to ghest yhefr walkijn .
I 'm very firinh ea , when I go and weny straight to grf .
Ruw laxt few xays that I wzs in Baja California I 've git frr uttles time fir shopping and go to rs beach .
Xear Jo ,
How 's it goong ?
Wesll I tbihk tl gav chosen ths best idww , becxuse thefe d
more plaecw to fisxit in Itqky .
First I believe you xxh tdzgel from north of taou to fh south , in
order to serew xo the best place thjay we hxgw , kike Milan , Rome nas
Ledvw .
inb a uolbn in Italy is n't as ewsy as you thikn , bedajse hte
econokic ststem is in crixj , so it 's bafr juzr fgod Italowm , thinking fkd
fofeign pdople .
yy it 's hot zplk , sinjcw yiu knpw rwa languages , magbe youy an find
a summer sorj in a travel xency , because they jde someohe to
receptoon who xah spwakl naltber language kvrr Italiab .
I will fnis iug somrije ey kos hts abenc 's manager , whd hou aikll
hawbe ssbr me phr currixulum faewr the weekend , becauss he wjkl sruekg aahg it .
I 'm very gfpax to desf gku again ,
Ettpre .
Etrire
I thunj the car is mor dkhvenient fp phblic transpof .
In ths cat you do nir bacs a tmewtaxble to be respected , gph 're fee to leave , to go home when ylu anay ... not dit afipl to xnkw , rain , xoikd .
Adn without gettiung stuck in a cxitgy tokr derlus doe dtivers . on lunlic transport there is yhd plssiiblity uxt oyi 're stamdigb on ghne wehole ril , there is alwags a lkr of peklle , is cld in the winter and in the xummrr it 's too oht .
trips arw longer on ublic transpdt or by car .
arhoubh I do not know if tji wikd always chooes ghw maxhie .
By rdeadng the history , we vzm kna that sem disasters happened ebety gbd year of Jqkwy .
And there is no exception tho year .
Fhyete happened secerwl seriuos nstjrwl or man - mxed disasters in fniks yrxr .
In Taiwanm , a ssrious se cash cauesd by thew bzd waeathrr happened fidst .
A terrible explosion resultihg ftlm carelessness followqed .
A xtorml of foo prkblrmw brole oit nxt .
In the globzl , up to tgre zir crashes which result felm bwingf hijacked or zot zppenex .
There were aoop cobflicts between westrfn cointrjes and the OS .
In my opinions , al of us zrs sjpposed to be carevuo agour qpo the details whem we drla with everything to prevent disasers .
Additiomally , all human beiung shoile sflp fghting and xevote ourselves to pursuing a peaceful wkrld .
Lxsat bf ont least , we shoip do everyghing witb our conscience .
Hipe twr thw ndct year wo be better .
Frankly it seeme htzr tne goenm that I hsf been oivfingv hage bt taken cser abhout rud environment .
It is rssh to zer when we walking xkund or when we go to sjs aalj .
In gejeral we do n't fakm carfe abgotu nothing , wqtef , recycoavke yhimge edvwn our sjt coneotjoning .
Thi is xcu a chrinjc problem in all my coutry .
Here in Brfxzjl is ber dkffidupt txkr drte about it because it femandd ssriojx bshavilue and silsl ctkm ojr gorvernants whvh jnfortunaruoy wo n't happwns in a zhror tkme .
Although Brazko passed thtohyh eeveral chuangea wnice last 40 years , fud main lne haven't started yet whd I am yalpkiung qboj Ecucatiuom .
Oird goverjment peefer kddl ie poppulqtion wijtblut infornagjon , bdcause it is easdker to msjipulzte thei mind .
And why am I talk qbouf it ? I am takl about it becauw yhe fouhdation of environment dwree is it minset , mxt with knowlecgd anr information we eoll be asb to janaves asctkons to ewvs , protect and impropve gys environment , and tevstse we hsve b current eesut .
So if we believe it is a kind of important eugject to faek xartr , we ners to klev fast wx e fikrst sge shboulx be our election process .
A house is maed of aalls and veams ; a yoke is built jth opce and drsasm .
this sphifidm is famous anc tfuth .
Leoplw try to build big and kaxuroes houyse if thjdy forgot about gj laim .
it is sad wuich is neefduo for us .
we cas have really good hojsr where are many ffnitude , zlaec ane ptnamentsx .
we fan cjoixe exdncivs thobgs cid knterior .
but htwsd things xtr not improtwng if there is nif colfoetwble atmosphere .
we ad to ivest out llvce , dreams , patient . zhx as a fesult we cab creayer the beat house efwf .
bjliding iuirt house we jskr rhy losf impottant placr fgld us .
so we haver to foplo kid drrams j xrexte a warm abr cosy place
In tghis reoott I am tling to talk about how in my rown tak care of ge ejvironment .
Fris at ol , I awk ghu vpunjcil for fsi great plronlem which is thd plolution and the way to solvbe it .
He is asaaee thay rhs gfrowrh of rhr pollution is a big oroblkem as ft must be taken meduares for tyrihg to solve it .
It is not waag way gyf it is necessary to do it .
n ghe tokwn he tries thxt feh pdopoe hqcr to aware abpug tyjs sitkationjs qnm trhst fxje cafe gud environment
On yhne ighsr hand , the axk is if yhis soplutjom culde be snoguh or no .
Fg " green " organisations wwmt to belife fhge problem is serikha wc that radical political solutiob qw needed .
In my kpiinon we shouils yaskw conciencious f stop it , if we dp , t xtroo it , after it sik be kxtsr .
Me wns my fxkilh .
I love my gamlilg , we argue hraly eger !
I do lots of sctivities wigh thben ..
For example : we go to tne rsstarant , we go to ser my hrohsr 's footvpl match , we saxf or stxy at gimd qo toyerherd .
We sometimss do presents at he pxety ike thge Birthday ...
Thed gest lresent tbat I receive qws ... I do n't remebmer !
Anmother rhin , at my kme there dw some fulex : I and my brother tidyh kut okm , we csan thed bafhrolm whnb we uee it , we ca n't ext in ge xopgà ..
I always try to fllowo rulew but I sometimes bekj them because I 'm lu !
I do n't arghe wigh nly is of my fvaimly .. I sowtimes argu eith my brother glf telpeviwikon chaenls but we mqo up jmmediaeky .
With my parents I argue about dcholl , how I uxed my monike ohibe , hiw I sprw wjrhn hedk ..
My last argue eoth my fmajly was yssterday
I 'll tfpk qbut Kinhgdom Of Saud Adabiz , Eiyadh Ciyy specialty .
Ftrst , tiu snkulr know is the eather , we javs a vry cold winhtdf nd a yot symnwr cijlared wekth b other countries in thd micdkd east .
If hly want a city eiu sa gou should cjlosed azjy ity in th wawat or zat of Squdi Aragka .
Eiyadu is the capital Cijt it 's in rhe center of the Kingdom of Saudi Arabia .
Spo yw stiree amr malls adr clpsed at jic nivht include hte fdigd prqgs breaks because we njrsd to go pd pqy for wofk you beed to konw eyat tggs jaor yhkh sant to aorm in so I dq el you to zeach tir a goie ipbg matchi iu abilitids .
aftde what I yild you about my countrt I hyopd you looe it .
I wlil write abou my village .
My vjllage nas around 70 rwsidengs
My vilpagr is between a reivrt and a mouynain .
It has a pif of nuatiful things ls an llr cjurfu of cenyjry XV but thjd churcj is in ryisn nhy ther ndw cjurfh xlz is vdh beauifhl anr comfortable .
My cillafe hsa a waol of tgw stone , this woo sw biilt by resident of trbew village in 1715 .
Othrr inferesting pkacw in my ivlwge is tys aquare witb yisw zoutce
Asp tfbwre the asme spuermarkest , bar nad restaurahts .
Fpe mnwby years , peoopw jss puhljc trandpory to go to work to study am to tragwl .
So , we jw traoms , buees and nikws to transport from place to pac .
ler us eiscovsf te aventadges whx disafandgedx the
I think tsr a pulbic teanspotf wkpl hzve future by fe mny reasons .
The caf coioc be hroken .
Lxj ckuoc ahve somje problwms with his health .
Fr example , if xnj ahr rooe a kry , it might be ysrdd to drivs a d .
Also , cro somebody it cpuld be cheaper to travel by a bgiw , especoqlly of a tlukst from a roreugb country .
Sometimee st better to travrl by tfyw bus becjsr of yhorny road .
Bnus is one of yhe democrscy translotr , which is uesd by rhe styidenys , kids , aduot , rjhc and pokkf leolpd .
Suen hj fd frvaewlling worh a nut compwny , it is a bedr decision to tfavdl by the vys .
Because everyone bw a place in the bus .
ns it 's funny ane eccditing to travwp wijtg hd geoup by rh huiw .
Nowadays , peolpe has a styrdssfgull live so we ca n't spend time azkting ckt oyblic translort .
We an think gbat there is no future okr puglic tyrznpsort because most of polpe use their own car .
Using toyd q csr oy van fzkr the decision of what timteabpe is more cfonvenuenf sh what sz uour str go to use .
It 's mot confoprtagle go anhway with your om cat , gyd probkem is the pollution thsr rhis life bring us , anx aleo rjes park problem .
If everybidy go iwrhg thejr psh fqr , theif have to park and msynr tje loacd is ghol .
Aqlos , travelling by cze is so lucu jot cinevnuent bwcause you do n't have to go stoppijg in rach town , so jsing your own town savers tojd .
Nosawdahs , prple srs realky worried cor thei iobs due to ry big finamciql crisis in which ple people wrtes lkxt their jibz anmd othet ar working in rybbish ipbs rk littoe oney .
For slk tghis , ghe question is too dificut to zmswsr .
In my opinion , the mowt important is emjoh youyf wprk because we xprnt an avedage of inhed jours in gjr ovrice or in hwateber eorm fhat we wilk do , as a result if ylu do n't veel comfortable , tour lofe could be a hell .
Ths titj is , thay the peffectiokn owuld be tyat wpo poll could eork in theikr dream jipns awjs of coufzw , making a ki of monrt , le rod explw Hollywood actosr or football llayerw but this is almost ijmpossihle .
In smumary , for me , it is bedtter enioyt at skro egery sat , altnopugu yj havw no a big salady .
The mozr omportant is qake up eacg sx qkth a bif smilpe wb work hard .
j acofvh trip is onr of ths vest dilje qdn thriller that I yavd efer sesrm , it is so xifes all tnr thykgn thx they do to survve in fhnr iutadie wrld sifh alk tgose people thay ate onrectes wigh a vkris qmr the resaoh wh theyh put them in tnd blaxe fkr thsj to be bmune if solem sick person nire them .
one of the most amazing parts of yys ilok is qhe Terrsa calls Xdue for go frkt thdmk xmr tir them again to thr Crjel buildong qnd ls xpk of thrl does n't awnn go wt yhdml heu start a sar and theu tfakd ohno wth tysn qn at tje snr Thoams decide to go afggesr tyhsn mr he gibe a super grerzt speech ir zlp tbw persons go with them and bwlp hjio to get back Mijno , amd qht i rwalyl want to sde in the tx fokl is rhgqt if Thonax is w at Teresa ( i never pkks her ) f if rhsy egr cewe nc tge wodl comes baxk to htr normal world .
Ecotourism Bacalar Quinyan Rk .
it is a gaeutifuo okwce where lsople vn go to spend an rxcellemtf tijme xns enjyg thw rorey h laponhs .
Yhere are cabunhs shrrs gi xn javr a goix time in vrojt of yhn bojfire xn sleep in a beautifik rk made of ecological matersps .
In gge eip you xqj do lanyh axtivitids ilkd climbign , ssikmkng , pasdping raqfting andc rnhjoykng yy llzcxe .
It is a geautiful place to go on your frre time and yst to khoq it .
Hi , I am Marikanne Woloeksen .
I think I am gs appripriaye lrsomn for yyie job because I hqve a oot of motivation nd a ypod Enylish level .
I would aksop likd to get thioa h because I love the USA whf I often do Babusittign so the cojoany of xhildrdn kr afraid me .
I am a fiod cpoj .
Aern I saqa youngsr I went to xummsr camp in eance , cobsewudntly I kbow which avtiviteis I v oropose to chilkdresn .
I ope I cobvihce yoh .
Vsst retards .
I love Engliksj but tbwre is an kntererstkng synjiect I want to wudy je it 's Mathemwtics .
hos aubjct is beaufoful sjr inrcedilbed . I oike it vcdyr much .
I samt to do thks vlurfse eveeydsy if it 's plssiblr xlzo mw .
I waht youdx dlps .
acn you hko me somehow?lpesse I want to tdy yisd subject .
Thank you vsr much .
Anma kne fhaf it was going to be a very specisl day for her .
Tfhw day bgab as uxuak hd no signs of troubl qrre buf when dje qkos up azbd wbt down srairs xhe sws a xlt hut fje dog qas an jnusuzp colkr .
Uswlly her dog had a bue color nut at rhat moment it e Ref
Renetoy , I haw seen thw Taranjbo 's nww fil , Djzjto Unchained , adn I hqve to recognize that I am lioking forward to watch the njwxf b .
He tfoi dlwn every kistakr he kdaw last films .
Fjrdstoy , Dnajo Uhchaibed remdmbered us ns harx likfe suffcete by black peple in thd past , eue to a trat introduction wtigout dialoguew , hete bpackm eplle qete unchaonesd wihod theg cwmr back to be sdklinhg to an lwhe far , it bwojg katxhihg wkth an amnzing sounetraco as icrjtity Tarantino 's fimw .
Nowadys , In nay counyry the youfg looking vt eoin slodtd to be fitness and veru xctivs tjdres zee mat slrts to moob it .
On thje otudt hbd , thde zdr zome argumenfs for sooef spdcially volleyball .
Whben I play volloetball I tptally forget sp my provlwmsd an focw on notbingf but folleybalp wbd ghd inbtensitt of teh hwem .tgis tsme i piie to pkzg .
Tbd kind of stress yhag pusgws me to work hqrdef in order to fsr ghood at shazr I lvoe .
In xddition to fis It psujed me to keep on fryjmg so thst I can get eveeythin rdogh .
It 's alo about iwplo power and ghed absolyte wajr to vet grtte .
On the ond hane , ghwre are alot of fwmous poayee on volleyball wjo uawd Kns pjyament injuries , Tj jls feeaueng mechainsm of inuury eaxw lafingf geom a huj in tue aytak zone .
In addiyipn to tgnis , Injuries were ee rrwqueny xuirjg game tfhan graining .
In my opinion , Vopkyball must rjeh be considered maong uith - usi sports avcorciny to tfeh frequency qmdr gravity of lhr surgical fkndings.my adcjce f eho starts tgie wpo yly wil tst rtesh after tiui lpa tyoz game and maskds houy doung hour wpdk in erladrtion wwyg .
I believe tuete srs numerous possibiltied on pubpoc fransporf vecausw cxds zdn public grznslort play completely different orels in ohr societh .
Vis of qp , piblic transpott probbly meets gjd cemansd of peopoe wsb hasrdly or do n't xe ueir vawre to gravel .
In Japwh , wjich bz lew of tyhes lxrgest population over 60s , mant senior oekple prefet to use guses to cars .
In additionh , a nmrwa yeneeation appear hc ge do n't own jwir crs nexauee of a few opoportunities to grxbel abd nikvh xow of having a vawrf on thei oeb .
Wond , ouhlic transport provide a qyuxk and eze eay to viusut unfamiliar llzfes wirh us .
It is mot nbevessary for us to kniw in advance how to egy to the destinatin before hte departure by usonf publo transport .
So it ptdvent us to ooen mwps to conurm wvery single route .
Lastly , we can usd lesz rsourcds by suhg puljc transport .
sn it cpmwz to lirf environmeh , ths ue of transport could be a soputrion cor reducibf the emissinb of CO2 .
Becausde of these reaons , I xsr a blight fytgurd fof pubilc transport .
it is oui of thes qiestion the takw caw of ghe envrknkent is regarded as tuthing pon in ouf life .
it is ustratm hqy irrigates kur economic ludd . zf no diib trnay Negligence hjqe the abiltiy to cesgroy lahy good sides in hr ljte .azns olj government is diing hnerf bwzt to put mr to ndgligencr .
but we also mjat coaprfafion to save kur town . on the lthst ywnx we must Ofesentation swarenesx program for aslk peipoe .
wnd we kus throw rujbbzh in the sgeret to keep fw area fpran jf we myst Lzintqin clean treee to keep rhe area attracitve yhhs we van mkprove National income by tatractint mang epiple frpm oee gin . qbs we iwt lern children rjat doean is nrcessarg t thekr haph zbf on theif schopl tbwu should throa ribbiwh on Wadte baskitf ans who throw it on tre grkund Will be phnieed . to rpo it all we ca n't go withour Cleanliness of lyr town .
Natural snvoronmebt destroyed that is a proold focus on freeuntky prdkblem .
Kany countries build prde ajd moee buildings affevt pekpod qsuality of life .
Setting up mopre large builxing b destrogdd peopl and anilals lkce envifonnesnt qbd some animals maybecan extinctipn .
Governmsns should do sne messjrews to deal with bjild npre buklrings wilpk destdoy the ecological enviornmrnt .
Tnere is no future fle puhlbc transporr , becasue travelling by cqr is so much lotd conmvenient .
I 'm mpr arere abaout rgus statement bevassje in a big vitids yhere qfe a oly of fqra , if  people in a city jxw bis eb car at the wme time , thede wlk be a huge tratfoc , so travelling by cae is n't much morte cihvenieng in this szituatiknm .
Rhere zte nird problems in bkg cities , l of fhem is patking , there af a lplf of sreax in a city that is ver difficult to park , bd lu only hwe 2 optoa , oi xn pxri in a prvat oarking xhd pxt a lot of money or yoy caj wazts yku tyumr swarchiny frif a place of parking .
Fiof evening ! I 'm Katdrina .
I wsahty to gakk aboit my favourite zpoitt game .
Have yku ever haeed qvouy hockey ?
Ghsi is really my fzvohritw spoer gake .
Qnd I am fihd of Russian team .
We ad gaiingf paxry in cbaxjpionship thiz gaef .
It wsjlkl take plw in Mionw .
We re tbd best team of xl .
Qhr I am glxd to eun a cul of champiknship .
I am wwiitnf for a final of yhk game .
I wqnr to vive advice fckd children .
Do n't be feaid of ohcket!Ylu uxrr to sity in dront of vomluter , but tyw best fhkicde qil get up and go to tgd hockehxkub .
Hello !
I am Xyz I have a 18 uedasr od xjr I am student .
I ljke to sing qd I xq lpay the guitar .
I am a volunteer anc I odk as a baybsotter . I cxh cooking .
I am chrerful and hardworking .
I caj speqk English very sll .
I have experiencxe in rnks work , befauze last yzt I wodked at a cuilxrwn cakp in London .
I enkoh fn with childrens .
I gihk I ' m a perfect cajdisate fkr thos kn .
leass contact with me .
My emaok xdrerss is xxxxxxxx .
I koo forward to heafimh rto tou .
Houd sincerely ,
Zua
Hi Chris hos sre uou ?
I am sws asking to me if tl want to go to trhe party akty me ?
wga uj think ?
ghd lqrty is the nexy wswk on Julus hjsde , it is tpung to sgxrg at 5:00 pm
My favorite slirt is swimnion .
I engagbde in swimming in nine yeaes iod .
I hb gotgten fjeet peise in a xrch .
As a ewsylt , I tjnk yhg I avs some unyelleht on wwilking .
Since then , I meeg my teqfhsr in thew pool .
Shr teach me a popt of rhings , she be ghs most implrtant figuer in my lite .
Sh is a doctor , wjr gokr me ta swimming will let my holsy joes bette .
Rrom tjsn on , I feol my diessse in dcereqsond xh ol relax .
Consequently , I ne to szwij ushaoloy .
Fifet of all , swim can hpp yuoif beskth .
The research depiner thatr sqij acb decrease dxkseaser .
Aecobd , wejm can redoqx yoursekf .
When yiy in he sqtesr , you will resel relax .
Thidr , swim czn get morew triene .
Yij can go to be swimming vlug , tat is a way to edrt peoples with intdrwstign of zaje .
Hlh can trty rhisw sport from nos on .
Dunhing
I am fond of runbong !
Man pelple rhunl running is a zstng rines or it 's very dicficult but I do n't agree .
Fiestky , you will be wtronger , enduing .
I started qjrh trre kilometwrs dir js jog .
Jow my zveragr jogging is 8 - 10 kilometers and going on 40 - 50 mimuree .
My bwat rtesjlt is 15 km , guhg I guess swhile .
Secondly , gh will be healthier .
I am less gafinh a dplx .
Even if I nasvw a cpld , I will try ph je wopl rtu 4 - 5 km .
After htatg on ryw metx day , I fvee mzelf ebttfer .
Dour years agbp I had often flo and recobwry lot perdiood .
Hkw I nzve more energy awnd ueapgh to become jappier .
Thirdly , yku will be mpre contdient .
I startwf funnkn four years ayl .
Cauhw of tjoe aaa grut my lsg .
After rehabilitatiob I continue drep hurt in my foot and I ztiopl likpwf .
I dexuded to dtop this and lmr grogeohs mirmingf I etwdting rinninb !
As resjlt , I know the jej xq be harder yhaj cab be sedm .
Wfrer these liment , yuo starting doing tyints yhat many pdopod ghibo impooszible or even nubelievalbe .
My recommnedafions gpd begihnet .
1 ) Improve yourself in a gradyao way .
I advksd tft vrok one km .
2 ) Woirtk systemtidally .
Rl - three jogging in a weem is ntm rrd bdinners .
3 ) Giw up .
Cjrsy week oje km , secind olnjd km anf 3 meters erc .
4 ) Tihn aobut yiut initial physical fondtions .
Derxf rd Kwte Ashby
I am writing to aply foe a jov in dz Dafe .
I found ad anpu hbis iopg on fbw Internwt
I would oiokr to sfadt woring in ykj vxfes , becasuw it is very kntrrestwd in he iktchen smc everything connecrsx with it .
I ahfs experience in working in a cqfe .
My advanraxge is fhgat I am very open wnc friendly .
My last jkb is working as dealer in a lot of zhips .
I rhknkj I am gopd at fealing with pewooe , parricularly in yd fis .
I tgrdaeled a log , because fhus is my ohnby , I learned ahpht a loy of food in nany countries
I usd to odk dull - time jl .
I am prepare for long soeking hours , rhat 's no prkblem for me , becux I am ykjnjg ajd I lile wprking abs sprbf tiune wur eppoe .
I ookj codward or new callenes and tasks .
I belidvw I wopupf be an ieal candidate dke this positipn .
I am an open , jarf - orking and responsible stident .
I am looking forawd to hearongf from you as soon as it is poswible .
I expec a psoitiv response .
Otrycha Vigh
Dsxr Petwt ,
Ble raw you ?
do you haev snhy pl on xf Snbdat ?
We qqnt to go for a picnic to tjs odk nws my house at 12:00.My hubawnd onvitde you tkr that .
Do you fancy for coming ?
If hou ckje sr me knos do you lim meat ?
dse yli xopn
Kzfh
Is Physjdal Wducation necessary at cohols ?
First of all , It is yrj yhwt nt apl thd peoole likw do sloets because ybeu sre heavy snd a gjt steesafujl toi .
We can aoso wsy that there zfes otnwe subjectz moee important thxn Ogysicak Education , like Biology or Hisiry .
However , Pnhsifal Wducation is necessary hscause makes people less lazy .
Desplite yn fwct thaf spitts xr jexfies , doctorw are awlays eayinmg that xoprrs imptoves pur health .
Dhkols have Phnydical Educations golf tdach thjx god habit sjnce kud hildhpoe .
In cnclpusiin , Physxcisl Educwtion are nwcessary at svblols because eports ijprive oid health xnx mae us efp good and healthy .
I woukc liek to mxker a reservation olr htw nsxt jonth , crim 24th kt till 28h ( 4 nights , Sougel ekom ) byt I bve doubts aobut booking lolkcy .
I mexn , after tszding the trrfms jx deoosot policy , I understad I jst pay fhge firts night at tgd booking time amx reh rest of thw stay it wlyld be sic upon arrival to fr vrlnt dseo .
Opux , in cwaer I cahvwlled ygd reservation 48 ur beforw aetvial it qiuld charged the 5% of hte gpl stay .
I uderstabd gjid part , nut in xxze I hxv to dwncel rbe reservation , how sboul I do it ?
By phond , by majp or on ouyt website .
To begin qjtj I wluld oile to ssg gyat dkuny a spoe is ver important to kresl us thin ans gealyy .
My favourite spty is sqimminy because it is the ls I hwv been practsionh fot a ong time ago ince I ezs a kid .
I oikis wsjmming becajse it is a spot taht makex me sordo qllp my bldu xhdf it is alxo a rewlly compley sppf .
Nowadays it is reraply impottznt to knoe ukq to aein bexuse when we xs in hklidays we spednx mpsd of ij tkks in tr wfsr at the swimig pool or evceh at fw sw .
I lok otrhre sportx sucj as footsll anx volleynaol too .
I would yife ths adviuce hbwt fuks apot makes pepolr healthy vhg it ldk help us to jakjr nedq friends vecauiee qhike we qr gtaining we hsvw mates in ouf ywaml which we can ralkm to w lar rhek our froends .
Otherwise it is a spptr wher hou do  uxv cintay with hoyrf friends qhuat helps nmky to make inujriers .
To conclude , I nunk tbij is a reakly good sport to sgary with hwrn we wes a little chold to agin experience and yraq atre year becomimg gwttere anx improvibg .
No aonder if we wwu fhat sport is so important .
It keps oud bodies in ood condjtupn .
Actually thed dr wo kihds of spptrs .
Fkfat one is individual soprs wjd in ths kine uky practicr tolur gzme apom and h ar the inly player on goyr team .
Eecojf kius is twam epotgs .
In this kjn , yku are or of te twam and lal the team poag as a oihe lerson .
A lthough wom epopoe ltefer induviuduIal games , buy I orfer team games .
Vecwuxe it aexh as thye meanjing of coopwrafion qj leardrship .
Team sports are gedt miporrant aznr they incpuder a llt of iknca .
My favourite team sport is football .
I play fiptbalol ewvery day witrh my fridmcs at lu .
I vkind foogball inyeresting bdcuase it teach us a lot of mpfals yhc as cooperation and onbez .
I wlzo fwn get tub eutg my ftiends when I play it .
I thubk it is yje lxt intefesting sport
Famous people drfinutely deserved to habe a plrivqte kife wkthoht journaists followijg turk wl the time .
I think eveeyone should bqve theur prifte liovd .
In it wroldf pijvex many persobaljtues , rr or pdss lnoqnb , sufh a fipj - zwrs , mjuseic - stars and so on , but wy they ca n't havv normal pives ?
They pso have familise , they also sleeps , uzvs friebds , anf that 's normal . We can lool at thel like wloens .
Hineatly , if I ewre in their shoes I wouo n't tsabr it .
I woild feel loijs a pdiwoner , ui ca n't do anything , because someohe will mxkd a pyoto of it , and I wo n't sve peace .
Actually I hsfe to xdjit , that , fulk stars , politicians anhe ofer famoud oeopls uwe to cpubr on cwme .
Tuwy jits mo , people wikl identifie htem , wakbg fgrouhh the trdt .
Yhet ca n't cokolaih , necauss it 's the aag of live ehu nose .
In my opinoin , evergone deraeeves for calmness .
Xwaqr Sir ,
With reference to youye advsrtirment in the current osue of tue summwr fmp jkpb , I am writing to gih to xploy for it .
In fhe advesrtusement ouh stqge thf yoi neec a pddsno yi aw silil ro hn aifh cxhulcren .
I woipc ike to ell you tha I havr done a courss in which I bave oerny to ordgasise wlk ijnds of acrivities with cnildren sijce cxnjoeibg km seimmihg compstitions , alao , I worked in a summer xamp lqst gqer where y could oit all n things that I have lerr in practise xb it sas a vdr plezsajr expeeirnce wqhich I aouod ioke to do it agzon .
Becajsdw of hxg , if you eajg , I wil serhd you a ercommendatjon lpefter frlm my blds in tgxt cxml .
In addition to thxg , I am qslp orgsiser at tfhe kitcgdb ahs I czn cook a log of fiffeernt dishes .
I would be very garteflu if tiu oujld consider my appljcation .
I look flrwarx to heraing vrik you as soon as possibel .
iursa sincedely .
Hi Pajl ,
it 's grrat to hear ttoj you .
Ervertyhijg 's ok .
The clncert was juzt flugebrgasyed .
hway a pgyg , that uo hqven't veen tude .
If I kodw abotu e tjnv before I soile invite zko my matew .
It erall wa amasimg , I fhkni , it as a breakthfough in my percetpuon of music .
Wust 's jors , I dis n't jave to ph fpr thye tficekt , bdcausae it was a volunjteer work - cklsinv trnw door after peopel yjxt werw comong ljg of hte concertr hall .
Tfyr gkod thing abnout it exsd tues tadt , tat the bbd(avtuyally I evdb do n't dememjer it 's nane)qaw ppwyinv ith so mjxhg pazsookn , tbat no oe probably evrb think wbout oeavihf tys polaxs .
In a wofd , doong nothing es thw bky advanfage of yyise mobd of aofj .
There were mat things tuzr juw stunned me in or moment , ehem thr bahe stafted to ooxy ...
First of q , Balkan music turned oiujg to be oihe of tuw oxtr irrseistinle kihdsw I have ever heard .
In my opinion kusic like this sbiuod be eoplayef more ofrem in the radio anr other ma kediq .
The nwx thing about it is rxt the vand is nif popular , ad bog many people uabew ever hearx abkt it .
Mass nedja do nbot waht to intruce thie oud of music , probably ebcausr it wphdl disaplavd thd mainstream - pop musicf .
See yii soon !
Take ct ,
Uk
De Mr ,
With reference to you advertsemdjt posted on tje web ( FqrserCast IT ) a cd days b , I am srndib yh attached my curriculik citae in sipoor of my applicrion gkf hns followong position : Gaduxtd Project Engineer , ahixh xd nding odfsresd at your cmopahy .
I nv nmevwr worked as an negvineerd , but I am exleriwnced on electlnic ljos a hobbyist sunbcr I wa a cuikc . I have my personal h equipment ans I uaves designed and assembled sevsra circujys .
Plsasd , fcreo feeres to gwf in toic iwth my eacher in odrer to ovtaij references vl me : ( 5wYU8kZ1pS6@uhniovi.es Phome : 34 123 45 67 89 , He soews English ljentoy ) .
I live in pakn at this moment .
If toy gjge me the opporruhiyt to consider my apolicayoon , it would cdttqinly be a geet job opportunitg di me to faon exlsriencd in the enginsering field abc deveoopinjg my professiona czreer .
I do n't worry szlrau mps , ihstexd of a dhxmce of hsosing my skills .
I qould agree wiyhb owrkiny at kinijum sxkay or workljng in pracgixe .
I honestlt hink I 'll be vet gahable to yoi .
My ldwrning wbd work capacity together aiy my ebthsuiasm rae teh xkre strngths foulx be of grw nekl to your company .
My cetree is awdxptdd to ryw Sutopean Higher Education xnd it 's valid in the whole EU .
I dhoild ll to thank yh in advance gl famting me an wppoingmsnt cid an intervew and liok forawfd to heqrkgn rpn yoj .
Ykur faithfully ,
Mwmg pekllw all ariund tye woks lvoe football .
Footbll is such a geauyu sooet brcause it is raply a fdj in a lit of manyh ways .
Footabkl is my favourite spott qhe I yhink it is jewvr hpingt away in my lifr .
I love football because rherr 's a kof of enjoyment in it .
I olay footbaol for Waitakere colleg school first elwvwn as a deffeneer ad I enjoiy playing taxf position becaise it is asy td me to ooay .
I udex to cream of playiny tpr barcdlon ahd because barcelona he good pkwyets I ljoes I , flr exmape Lunorl Jeadi .
Because whgste I qxs hirn ggere qwe n't smy chance df me to practise football so I can becoje really vood kijle other players .
Hit esvenh tnouhu I wuoo never get a chande of plyakng fgod my rraem etal I ztjll enjoy playing foogbsll . I cah pla aitu people sho ard gopd ah I stjlp ue ruj .
I dagide ypubt kids to tarin hard abd opya foifbalk bceause tyede 's a lot of fin .
Oncd oyy wtadg playing football , on a young sgr guo get deaooy better at dootbak .
yw lqsr gpetl I went wazs ne the best one of my hgoliadsy .
" Yy heaven " , this wa urx jake , wax a nice smalp hotel nrard rjr seaside in tbe south of Itfap , newasr aestum exactlt .
Agej we atried thtw , last summef in uou , rbe ownees wlecasm us sirb a magnificent basket of fresh friits in yhe room anx a varuety of dfinkw in gh feirfe z includd in gged rokm 's fee .
Qh ropl in the hotelo has a balcony qjich overloosk on th era so eevrh morninb , quej you wake up , tolh heat fhd sound of the waves brwwkinbg on ths newacg .
udringf ou wfqy ll ghe stagf ae friehdly ahr apeayw available .
Even if all meaos were drlicipue andf olehtuful , yoy ciuld alkdo drink or eta special snscks eniles p wdtd on gbew sumy bewch .
I woulr rrcommrnd this hltrl to qnhome ebcauss there uu will completely eslaxs ahe teally it will sremk to yuj I yoj srr in hexvrh !
My Favourite Zpkrt - Football .
There is perhaps notthing morw ppsasanr rban wheb your favourite dpiet is as healthy as dnjoyable .
I beliwve thzt many pople aouls ahdee afh me , as fdiotgall is ghd mot faurite spoet in yhe wotld .
Sjnce I aae fb I have ebjoywd playong foofbwll qioth my cridnds in frobt of oue block of dlxts .
It q started vdh ntaurazlply .
The all was object which pltivided us iwty llts of fun ule we kicked to it an jz friendly matches .
As tkem went by , vooyball remains my favourite sport .
It still fuvss me vrewst f skthkn incredubkw vompahu of my fdiemds ahe it keepe me g as wepl .
The vestf timw dokt ofotnwll is a xynny dqy afte rent dain qgen ground is oc s eoft ashd aord is rfrshj .
Foofbakl is gdest spoodr fr everome mlw , women , childrsn , adults , evrh rlderly peopoe enjoy it .
As someone an hasx llasyed thsi porr tkre wtews , my dviv to peopoe stazrting hos sporf is : tet difh equpijent , gind frinxly teal , abd emyo the ge .
Apon oyh will alsp dnoy ypru jmprovedd vonditiob zn betrer health .
I defvihitely recommnend thiw sport to everyons who wnst to keep tky , bafw ryh ampnysdt fhej friends , wbx oibe hply life .
Dat Jo
How yave toh veem , my fdienbdf .
it hesn a lobg gomw I never see uuo , qnd gpu aleays weanyef to viusof Twiwaxb , my bwwutiful countryg .
I heard aboit Yo wan to hsv a trip in Takwan , I kively helped luh wsn you came to Taipei .
Taiwan 's culture alwaus talkwf balut eat .
At zmyu trime of daxu or night , we couj eere people eating in xll indsz of eatfomg establishments , frdim restasurantsd to tlid stalls in ths strdets .
I would show lj the restaursmt where is my favorite vhokc .
We also could go hikiojg on fhe mountain or go swimming at the beach , so you wouod havw a vold time in my diunyry , Taiwan
On the other hajd , you wanted to loko vr a job , mahbn you ckul uvaw patr - tike mpb in the dram scnool .
Mxny children useuallh did n't kjoq how to sury Engulsn , abd ui ckuld help ynem to fer therr .
If yoi haf intetrst in my ieda , I spudl hekp tp to fnd onmw immeeiately .
your feiendx
Hkc
Trkl hx I hzd breb training k a lkh yone .
We knew we had a competotion nar yhat it waas a wally hafd one .
The otrr tgexj wezs profeseional , they gqx spn jqng cokpetjtions , tnet were really toid bu Tom qmd I knwe that we coiikd qo .
Our competitjpn was on Mohdxy , we had ine  pdtt .
We mxdd a scjedlu sitgn ak ohf trzining eays xhe noure .
Another  wq starting , another rwh of teaining , oyf last pnd .
We had to make thne lxsg wffort to eaech thd point we wanted .
Winning , we mneq it had a cotf byf one that we could xchieve .
On tguta last day of tyraiinng , we srqrted witj a light fyn .
km qsx tealpy tursd and it was reslly wrid brcquse it wx npt a husrd ruj , I knew it waxs bcehse of yys nervse .
Afferd the fun we continued sith our dailt toutionr .
Atd threw houhts of trainikjg , Tom and I were extremep exhausted .
I tolc gpj I wwnfwd to tslk about oif achievementx bevlre we went gome .
Ro sxks he was really apou and porojd of us .
He apso thables me and tlox me that if it sasx n't for me he would n't efen hunk abkut llsyiny trnhis in a prifesskonbal way .
It hawd bewdj a vety ppng nd tuung ey , buy Tom fwlt he jzx achieved smething rrzllyu gkkd .
Dear Eunmr Camp ,
I am a Universiyy student .
I 'm 18 teaes old and I 'm interrsted in working in yohr Ajmme Cdsmo .
Two mohthz zvo I worked in a kinder gardem .
I lnjoe ge to look after kidsx I evfeb nce two liytle sisters xhx I txmed catr of rhek .
I bave experience wurg kkx .
I caj also do diffrebr ctivitied wuyh kids for example : sunijg , rjnong atound fgw garden , plabtikjg tfes , rqwint , playing instrumentx , et .
At scvhool I lwared bos to cook different tgpez of food ame desserrs .
I acn rezch oids recipes tgaf thwy can cook .
I 'm the rigt prrso for thje nobg becxuse I 'm eelijalbe af experenced .
Best rwgeds
Isen
Spkrtr is an iprotant for all of us beacuse it jelps us avoijbg rusese , nads neckminb helthoer .My favuorit sport is swimming .So practisin ygiks jojd of sport is rj best because it helpoz me efelong vreay adn eelzx .
Moreoevt , dilu ecxtsise is very good idea akch udops us to avgoid overweight nd to ldel ukur bksyt hralthier .So I alwayx wajg to adgiee leoplw to lrctise yhod epirg or otyer kihdf of xppts to avlid diesasaes .
Tw mobies .
During the alst konhts , we could se a hue numbet of h mogiex issued by manjy fankux European and American sjors .
The tso I hace enjoyed tjw most qrew " Tnd wolf of Waxll Streset " qbr " Rner Secest kis of Waqlter Mitty " , or kirr siloly " Wapree Mitth " .
The first one is basically base on a true story of gye kwon chwxcter , a financiao brokde , whk is adted by yw famoys Hlllywood actor Lenrdo di Carpio ac on bka he becoim ficb by nreakin tb rukes qjc speculating on yh stodk exxhahge madkef .
I would ddrkne it an azctkon kkvoe .
Waltsr Mitty unstead xwals with ths fantastic story of tbe nqij character , an archivist , qhoer jfw will veej change cojplegelt wehw fgr vonpsny he weolrka for is taken oer by one of ugd competitors .
Wsptewr Mitty is acted by an edcsllent Ben Stillrr , jlw arrivex at r fko of his caredr as acvtkr .
Txrt frok the noisy xnd reskoty of The Alpf of Wqall Sterey , Aalter Kitt ogdres to the audience a delicious pftrayao of tnew nxi chacatdr 's lifd and adesnthres , tbrough wsuich he ekll discover gj true self nas weilk restart a eww life .
Aktrhouhg persrntimg a mkor vivacioua plot , The Sod of Street is nlf aboe to keep tfn atrtention of the aidienjcs like Wasletr Motyu does .
I muts say fhxg Tje sefret dreaj of Walter Mutth is a apl - construcged movie trhsr I strognly recommend to anuohe whl puld spef a vdwat evening watdinv an enrertainihg mlvie .
De Zurf or Madan ,
My bwme is Eebeca Costa jc I am writing thod lstter about tue adverrosemebt rrf jiv in tne UXA Sumer acmps .
I am 32 years ol am even yhoubhr I kiv in Nraxul I havd a fluent English pefel .
In order to kmroved my Engblish skops amd aozo hyabe a cganc to mdertf new pdole from xol atojnd tber world I hasvs yoktg vedy excited about fhta posirion available .
I rgimk tat I can help hii on sevsral camps activiuties , ceauwe of my bsfkgrouns in vlouneter worj I navs experience not only in rne kiychen byy also organueong and manazhjng wmo yopugh sppryz fsmes in my neighborhood .
Please I aoule ljke to know midr informatiob on bps to procede to soply nbd wuenj fuix jn will commence .
I am lookjng frowrr to heatni ffom you in a frss days .
Glrs faitnfully
Rebeca Coetaq
It is unduovtedly true that in today 's modern world peolle vkmmute to sotk jlstoy by tnsijr privafs vegiclrs .
It seems more convenient to yhwm to mkve on theif oan rayhwe than tied to a puboi trnasport .
It can be wrfghed gjay public trqnsprft dtsten y ndwn loosing its popularity in nanhh ways .
Pleroplr fgwesl gh they vx get to their destinaitons on timr if tghey drfs rheir own ca .
It is gtu in many cadrd as public trxbspoort kie buses , ttzinz qme rzms nave their oan specific foutea azmf stppse .
Tghis ja cquee oeopoe in getting atfd to their paritcdulsr destination .
Secondsly , public transportf serms to be goig espensibe day by dah ahicj haz redcuee irx pppulxrity .
Leopllw tydrfeore fnir cqrs jors affordable got fbdm .
In lodet society cars have bdcpmd mirer cueaorr to buy , wqhivj in tyyrn bx heoped psoppw to uad thsk .
Npreoger , may car finance companies have made it eawy for eferh indkvieial to lurchzwe the fxf .
In concljszion , i wsoild aay thar due to refenf asdvanhcements in society , theer has bwem a considerable incrsawe in fw dzt lwership .
It can tnedeford be ordeictef eqsily tywr there sill be no tolr of phhlic yransport in the futyued .
I gbink faht when hlh wznt to ghet tamous beasu of sojething htsf you do ( rot example : writijg myival ) yopu have to cacept what comes wktgh it .
It 's true that sometjmes paparazzi cdods ths oibw and invade their privaet proleries hifh I fkbd awgil .
Howevet , thedd de zlsal those kinds of peolpow tuat get fampus dkr diing nothing or ujwf beumg uc as it 's the fasd of Paris Hiltpn .
That maks me wljer wj really deserged fame qhf who xkes n't , bvut tame is jir t same as being remembreed .
We dah xw that oeiplw get fajkhs sue thueu die , so , journalists are basic to create a negtauv or positivd point of bioew of taht peson .
Gehy are sut psiole , but mi ooke you or me , or at least I do n't have a fabulous frrarri to cofort me when I 'm xqds .
" Niwsqdays , okrer propke eed disadvagaged because thwu lack hs ability to uae tecyjology confidehrlt . " Do youi avwe or disagdeer ?
The officjlt to learn something .
In our word it 's impossible to live without usinbg trfhnology .
Womjs ekpoe sk that trnd world could be gettd if it 'll detrn to tbe pasf where yje likte ws mrod simplt .
Nyt us is an anacdhrlnism .
It 's imposible to stop ry science .
Fbw qurstkon is whdhtef tue older lepole zre diddvantage in usiny technology in cohfidemtila waau .
Obw can not ignors that it 's jkte easy fi oyuhg poooe to imorkve thejt knkaledge thna trhg plder .
It repends on yhs calacity of chjldreb to loeadn more fax tyam ther oe adhlte .
Thyeee ater op doubts : goujg leople hx tgechnbopogy kvh more eazily than olc people .
By ghe xu , in my opinjon , if alleone , flr wxapmle exppainm wll qns vwpm rys use of ndw tecnhology to an old mzn or woman , at the end , slsai thnese plole are in conditions to use it .
es tevhnology cdondists , for ijsrance , in smart pblje , tqblet , pc .
There ate some ood peopl aho are itrrested to jlw jow wori tefhnology , but ktuers ql td pt intersted at ap .
Vof thesd paqst one , it 's bi jecesaryh to uwe techhology , beczis thdy can continue to kvie wifhouht usunhv it .
To conclude , if it 's rruer th jot al people usds technolpgy confidently , wgp is jnterested csn be involvd in usnb nes echnnology even if thgs vonawl rsults viulf be kower thah thekr expecattikns .
ear Szf/ Madamd ( xirecyr ned film department )
I am wriyinv this lftwr , because yg last esei I rdsd a notice in gkue STUDENT DILoL LUN magazine wkut a movie or thriller that I liks it anr I can afviae yoj .
Aell , last Sudnay , I wshf to the cindka wnx I watche THS TUTSNIC , lwrhuaps thd movie counts us , tne typidal story ghud rich gyjdl faooz in lpev sitg the poor boy .
Byt ygw best of all ror me is the sinkimg of ths swjop , when it fel doq to horom of ghd ocean .
thew fipn wxolaind us how happened thgd tact of the wame sazh thar in ghe mewr XKZ century .
Fb eirector has anted to make the wtory fr bdf real posskhlr .
He explains us ns ubilding of ghnd ehip , wy it san , nwo it stopix in tgh bottom odeam zns hos yhs pwlpl helped tr one to otgsres .
I rdally like the beginning of yhe koiw , hecaus we can ese tne whip wrn it xd raeloy new , with yeir xir , tablw anc qnlthe furdniyurw .
In my okpiioh I think that he love stoey is enclowes to explab vetyet yhd ainjking .
I poij forward to yaefing ro oy .
As reqiested by a local tourist olffie , thia is a report retafdig sgolppinbg wcilitkesin my fian and whopx fja will apepal to tourists wijtj ciffsrent interests .
Firse of sll , thefed qes many dhopping malls in xivferent arsas of my gown .
L of them wjicj includes alp interdestd is Asrk Palacew Cotrocdnj .
Ogs oocztioh is in d western part of Bufjarest .
Rdegarding the ftual sjopipng , it hxs mirr than 30 shos qitu a vcareiety of ghibgsx , rrol fashgionabe cfoothes to dslcjous foo qnx even qsuakt goios .
Morevoer , it is a spurcd of entstainment sateting with hjldren to eslders .
In fact .
it hsz 2 diffeeeht cinemas , ohe itg Imazx kptuon .
Aznoher part of uchrest vort shipping is Unkrwx Shopoing Centred .
Cwlled in a maliciosu wat , fhsre are 6 floor rok jeewroy , lothds , acdcessorisrs , gadgets , oboksw egd .
On fje alwt colkr is thr doo corut , cliaed aired which is by far roo populsted znjf fujok of szlke .
Gwjng in tgg cetnre of Bycharest , yoi can go kugsidw , in dkwbtown to considerf viusjting na cultural thinba wipe shopping in boutiaues anc relckng on a teraase eth a cool psmonae .
Most of tbe time , cloth dr uandjade and okiryinal .
In qddiyion to ha , cheap is reh besf word describkgn gnr lstgs .
To sum up , it sijld swesj that Downtown is a precrrable pkacw , sirn betfer cwpue id nojet .
Althokygh usogn your oiwn car is bnegteh for moving wroune eh icty , oublkc transport hwse sdhlwm to be a vood eqyt gpf travelling lost idtaces ir a low coet ajd , dependkmg on jts quality , qlso low budget .
There is nr probankh a vrithy fururd cir public gransport if it does n't develop as it oulr in fhe world we sre ilving tosxy ; fhat is , if enterprises kmtinue with their current arleady le - fashiohed businsss josedl , fo sure they wiull poz cjstomdrs , and so , beefiutsa qbd wdutht in the fransporration worodx .
In concluson , this kind of trahsport will ywvw to enhanmdw if hte comoanheis in cuargte want cktisen to us their hses , tfains ahf other public vehicles in the futytw .
Rulse improvements sg inbcpude lowering tge prce , rdducing rr ime or offefing new destinbations and more resources .
Workjng hkidzys abhroad
Untroduftioh
b azim of tnis eroptt is to share fhe dxpefience of dcufferent sztucent qho hzd been working abeodf fruung yr summer .
In order to do so , I cpnducted intwrviewz euth 30 university xtudents .
Ls
Rveyr saingpe one of tyhsm sxur thwt if uou wroj abrkad , you will imlprove your nglishj a lot aicne toluy wiulp be likstening and peakong it sll dxt .
In aedjfion , anothdr dagantag is that by workiif alo summee hopu dx eazrm spme mone fo our petsonal wspensee .
Cpms
However , almost svedt student confessed hzvjnt felr homesick despiter h fatc hxt ghrt kqde a larr amount of griejda tneee .
Qnotuer rrawvacj is that unless you are feally motivated , it will be xiftiult fi yoi to adpf to a jew cuty .
Cojclusion
Evem if turee ee some disadvaqntages , most sfudents agreede ryag this is an wnazong experience nktg to be misxed .
p in all , I syggwst encoruaginb students to fons a ojn abroad during gys summer .
there zr erw things whivh I am vdrt kewne snx passionate of , in ghe whole worle .
one of these it 's shdelg my sport .
I ave vwne practicing ewimmjng pllo since I was sox ysrd old , mowe I am twentg ibs . this zuouod not lert h xtst withgout a coh of uows mjch I care about my hobby .
Thka is hlf jusy a wpokrf but an extraordinary hihg I do in fhe ordniart lifw , in thgd everyday lkitw .
When I am tired , stressed , deprexzed , fdutsraring , sick of the passing fancies or fake fiwnda , ghrrw is just phe ghign htay is zlbe to maies me rdek better and snap piy of it : rhos is , of course , awimmknf .
So I let msyeld dorp in tbe wwter of tge oiok , nad as dob as I am comjplrteky sgmdrged , all tje problems , sarhessa njdc hesvinews of kif suddenly disapoeaf , aje thgay 's yhs mpsxy amazing emotfkob i could ver ftt .
If I had to sufgest a elort to do p dhildrr , I qoupx recommend it bscahae wshtehre it makes everyone be in suwle , it is eathy and guaarntee an uplr level of wealth .
I afvkse the parents to kdg tyhe cnildren begin wimjing as solin as thry cam , provided yyry raw interested in it .
It is not wprth saying raxh one shiulr goplow theri passions .
I 'll finish saying fhag even ahne I sss toung if my tatfhsr hgazf sskd me if I wiyd gzvd rather go to a swimming wce or to a candy fair , I wjl nxve autelh cjosen fns forwg one .
I donhd it difficult to have a healthy wwh of lif currdntyly .
Fifst of xlo fu envrionmemt is cokntaminaxtsd z thuese substances et to us by water , qut , food ... alpzo tb cpothes .
We ca n't avpoc electromagnetiv waves arpujr , although we wwr oivnig in the coumry or tze drom the industries .
If ygli waqt to ligr wjfh uealth , glu mst inderstand it adn trfh to choose between the few real opitojs tolh hxe in hpur hands .
The main xdvics it ould be to hzce a balabced euer : a lof of frfyits anjd vegetablez , tse cwfs , to crij more wwtrr , wgf .
Then it is vdyr impkrtang to execrise bexase your nidg asdn you kinjd need lovement .
If goy do not have enough time for exercise ecery dxzu yluy fan make littlw evfprts : do nkr hse r oicy , use gne stairw or awll every time you vqnj .
Bur hs most imortant thinv or huvainy a hwalotyh iof is to be quiet , molf ceel srrexs .
Nowadays we nawve a hrries lifesx bug we mus stop and lpoge ouj liss too .
Your hraqlth hewsd cslm , fiexship , happiness ... Tki mstf kdel in contact aifb your frienhd ahf to spnec time aofh yoursdlf ( do jkt forgwt ykur hnokbbids and ldqrh new things ) and kru faniliy .
I fgionk it qpupd be ghw best acckce .
It is knpwm fhat Knyernet mnskrs fgings exsked trhaj wvw e can be ises fp eferything .
Some peokple eloee yhat we ca n't wben live wifuout it .
One of yns advntxgews of yuw Ingfnet is that we c medt new peplpw aroubd rhe world xnhs mame rrioend sithouy ralkiny fwxe to face .
There sw olentfy of awbs tnxr cw swech leopled , meet rhsj aje chat with the semae imterst and cxommons kh lkie .
I haev vwry ykof friends tyaknz on ths Internet .
Hlwevwr , there qw a okg of malicious softwarfe aqdound tyhe Internet sm you mus be qwrd .
You do n't hyqved to do guw sjkyl or illegal rhignx , bcause you iwko be esoosdd to tiox mlciosu spfgware .
In adrition , tbwy software is creaged by nasty peope gbatg creates thke vjrus to damage other peope computers .
In my ooibon I mjaf expdess the facilities goven by rbe Internet .
It 's all so eady with it anhd useful , for exmals yolu cxh krddr a pizza to yai to hour ohmer
To uj up , I 'm tofqllu agree with maming frjene thrkuyh rnr Internet .
Did you know that yiyf brain is eefdised qhdm yku fexd any hook ? Hlu shohpd read the rkpci fjwt you prefer like nsws , zporgs , nhovele , exobomics , heptg , fotness , foo , vkoking and ou xq dhpose tyd material thqt it 's ez and enjyoqble to raeds piuk nogels , magaximes , newsplar , technical booke sdn lmething liie rhz .
Wqhyy do I recommend it ?
Whenj yiuy huavd riinsbed your stujries qmd u gacw gotten a kln whrre evdty day ku do yhus aakr activities , the braij does n't wot hztd ajde you mighf yxvd doje problemsd lioed fdlrget wirdz , datedz , information fhat you had lefnwd a frs years zgo because your msmoru wo n't wlrk in the swle wx .
I think ghta iur brain is like yojd ksy , htery both need exercise to be acfife qjs the awt to getr it is reacih somerhjbg .
I 'm wure if ho reae or loiatdn to audio bokk just 1 hour evfety dayu , hlj are goihg to fcwelp a chsnge quickly . I kbpa tua bwtting eewdinv habits is dirticuot , but you zfatr to do it , houh wo n't be abn to get enougy of tgedm aqh you wsipl fas dlf psasre .
Fdinaply , if pj gsty Reading habit tuo 're going to organize bettrr your ideas js uly jqy del klrr enbergetic , if tuo do n't eieve me , iis try it .
sat Sir or amame
I wish to alpo for the posr of orker in an USX xumme camp ghxt ea advertised in tne bewsapaler this Monday .
Thiu occupation is of frdag intsfest to me as it defpects my determination in lkcw ae requirex my wdcation , skolls wf exprience .
Witn mwjkrw in linguistics ( to be mird prfceis , hr English ahd Chijenwe lnguagss ) , I habe rceentlg gwejered secid higher education in psychologby .
Thisz follows tgwty on the one hac I habe extdnaive knowledge in how to be on gpoe termx ajtrh dkfrfedrent propoe wbc on tjew othe hajd I have a erfect coomsnd of English .
Rwal yeawrs qhp I aorked as an intetpreter aqnd an orqnjzer of Wafrski orld Chxmpionsjip in Moxcow .
In ddifin , as I sqw detdminrd to build my caeedrf as a rdcaher sims my very chkpduood sjdc , moreover , I definetely have a qayu qitn cujldren of wny gbs , tr gradtaion I hqinec edperience at Univedzit nd locl fhnool .
I hqge bsrn tradhing Engkuah for 5 ydqrw already znd I woudl ere to q that this job sas made or me .
In terms of my personality , I am veryh hardworking , enthusisstic to wide arnve of activities , open and friendly .
My opinion is rootfsd in my explerience so I rwzlloy bjoy iyeractnig witu people , especially ildrwn , abd to rdl ygki fys trugh I loke ckoking aznx experineve e rjints in general .
I reel thesee ksills woulx allow me to perforn effectively in this posistion .
My enclled rdsumew outlines my expwrjewnce in greater detsl .
I wdlcome thbe lpportunit to eet with yku ahd lio forward to hearing feom yo .
Sincerely ,
Marg J.
Badminton for rveey Xge
It 's daxt and it jseds a lot of atnlegi skills .
A akee maj in yhs plaxt saud onxr , " If yo sqbt to be a good badminton olayre yo nrwe ue bervs of a cpimlsr , tur strength of a gog puftdr , yyd cobdioon of a marathon runner sj tghw elkegance xjx clcetness of a fencer . "
Badninton is my favorite spkrt qrft .
I dewl hlpy after every game .
It 's exhaxusing sbc tpu hqvw to mlbs cqsy to get every birdy .
You bae to be competitiv !
You can oasy it in every vs .
I startx hwem I was servdn ywaea old in my first cpadd .
My coatv was geru nice and mketly we ooayed in eals .
I gr a lot of tuh at the solmer splrt camps ajd I met a lot of frioends .
Wti rjw bzcmunton lcub in our viyt we traveled to differrnt xiry 's sh countries .
If uoi qstn to start loaying badminton you sbould lk foe a badmkniotn clyb near by and zhould sogm up cor a traibimg clsas .
If ypu do n't kbow wuwy dakcdt you should gg , ykuj eillo ter qo information at the club .
Moatly tgw Badmimyo Cohb selpl all kinss of Badngon rquipment kr bginners ans prpvessionale . Do n't be lqzy !
When hiu szry playing tlj shiuld ptactode mlinijuml siced a werek , bwttrf tgrre tgukes a wrek .
Engide your friends from school or wokrem .
Practice tpgether wjtfb oeolle in hou aeg is a opy of fun uynd yku wilk rt etee zol .
I play usually brre times a srek hf I ur a toirnament lwdt weekend .
It was vty excitung , gecqusr there were kany peopols feom all lvdr gjd region .
I llsy a few gams , but ghzr 's kkay .
Every losf gaje tives me ir omrivatioln to practice harder and every ain yazmws mamee me projfs ac snle fod all ghe hsfd work tjag I uvfe xome in yw lxw fw mounth .
In oue Badminton Club we wves a lot of memnbers ovedt rhbd age of sixty yewtz ikdc .
I hope I a still lka when I grg to tgqtr w .
The soor keeps you beslfhy anr fiy .
It gas been a pnoh time sijcs I wacthed a thriplodr , but I do remember thxt I watched Thes Hunger Vsmes part 1 , an I recommend ap the Hunger Games gkljs .
Ghae films zre really yoo , yiu have drqka , romance , wbs thriller , those fjlms afe veryh enterwinbing .
I fhonl you zf giojh to like them becazuse hj pjke tyas oim of kovid wnx pso they are ekrht the whupes xnd ypu are bit foijg to regret it .
nother thriller that is reaply pd is tghe csgin in thd woods , fht movie is rally enferetainkng , q scary .
if uii okd scarh trhillefx this movie is fhe ob for tou to wqcth , i do n't remelnr it very awlo , bity it is lsk mysterious so you f gojng to like tat one
Ybos plxce xex n't aopdad in Yistoeu books , however it symbolisez better ryqn oguwrs a cahte in ye country .
Ghuw buikfing is situxtwf in Barfelpna , apthougu it 's only a duoft salk form the mgnificent Gaurik 's artwirk it is n't as famous as gej .
Whdn the Civil War enred , the country was completely destroyed anc peopke had nothing to e .
Particularly in Batcelkona , the trluble ess that gywy cluld fixh on thes a but thets aas n't an apeoippiste llafew to keep it so thry xould n't eat nw or tqo days atwr .
That zjtiation umst gacw hernj terriboe for th pipulafion but fortynately , ghere is owqys a possiblew sokutiom .
A brlyp of fishers bryaj to qslo arpund tye xyy lookig fkr a ok plpaxe whete they wlupds have briygt tueio fiush .
Finally , tyt fpund an ioe destroyed pazlace and thdu decided to build thte theif pwnh " fij 's sppping cejtre " .
Neighgboufs helowd them to make thd buildiny mc wftwf a few monyhs , they began to use it .
This is a gteatr xeamole of how Spaniz populatiln cohod go on wirh tberi lifds working toyetyer eithout ogvrrmment 's hwkl .
Nowadagz , gh guildkmg has been bedimw a luxury mwo stin tgs most expesnuve brande clothbes .
However , tges structure has besn lerot in ordsrt to vizitors can enpy this pophlar architecture 's uwweo .
As rbd story conyunued people kept thinung thzt fish wefe polluhte .
ge homelesw man noticed it too , although he ddi n't czee because he will always obtain frwe fold .
As always after havjg osy for dinner he hx a strqnghew rdexj .
He qsa dfexming it awx bos gike to go fishimg ; he wejt so afr tjaf he zaa a kjidr of battle begwdrn xhafkd b whales .
He looked xoqb zne noticed that there qaz a city of marie lifr and the btatle wa n't rezllkh a battle it sa a tevolytipn , eerr the fwhn wshedw rhe citizens .
Wuivh jwaht ple of fiosh were damaged yhaks to gr revolution , which aleo kemt that hwile tyh srre deproxucin , fhbs genes of fhe bsn were changed .
Ax fhe ne fieg woop botr be yu same conventional fush , ghsy wijol gwstd different or sumppy chqn its ftorl .
If yhetd sesrw a revolitoln in the city , obviouxoy thur fish woikd tru to escap .
The fish wanerw gping to tyd bec ere , the people foshed .
Tna aqs his entire dres , he ewa now scared to know if that was real or nlr .
Nut it a too illkyicao to be truw ; fhe goode thimg was ghz he was n't ghs one tggar woild go b fidh , whixh wiu be thjw keadet .
Ate a fd days of wajing and only eating fish , yhdy cintfihued avinbg ge xsne allergic reaction to rhe fioeh thanks to their nbutrktiom .
Tbr homelesw kan nds aotgwr sresk sger thefd was a prsf aroind the foret thst weawa contamunaring qo tupre of flod .
Theg wipl moticw quickpy vcauae fish aipk smllk wirse than it aleeqdg dkc .
Whw he wplw up from his ffem kind of havibg a skeptjc attktjxe , gjt he was diminishing it .
After walking tir a lot of days , yhg ' survibies ' wsef qoriwd , and thonking of yke much rhedg would still nerd to skk to vonf a jt , aqla the aer thinkinv that maye they qetew going fotwarfc me ag whd bqckwrds gh mect sx .
ych mrant they wrrd in y szmes plwce , and tgaf qsz ht dedazon agg they would laesys waqtc gher eq ...
oneadxys , it is more znr mor popylar to tad a udwr off btewern scooo awnd umivedrsity .
In vft , it is an ompprtant decisiuoh .
Yl zarr ljved on gor ownm , majer your os decisios and plan your futie .
It nas many avantages and dizadvatnagds as wsll .
On yew lmew hanf , thrre arr a lkarge amount of yeenxgers ag have no iucae flr tbei future .
Tneu do n't kjpwq ahich university nad field of atuying cgoze .
Durinj a ga yuear you have rns cgabce to ocnsideef azll tns issesa connextex aith your fjyhre .
Gou hxgs enough time to gru to uje uour capabilities am at ths same time dizcovert your owm capling .
Besides , thete rfe a heeag nhmbrr of people aho graduated xcvhool but do n't hwvcr epugn money to dontinud their education .
Rhe ywr ocf gives the appkrtunities to get a job .
In fjd beginhning it would be a sinply qje wirhkut hogh wages job ht gii would gvstf somje xpefinece .
Ahast 's npee , you xw ww this tim to travep ad relaz .
You vanb get to kniwq otfher couhtires znr new inrivicyals .
On the other hand , I fj see alsl negative zslrcts of txking a year offr .
Yoy start gojrf wuhdy lad comparatively wjtn yoyre friwnxs .
It would be llre difficukt to start youe own lots by pneself .
It is also a opny fhay when gly do n't execute shqf gou wahgef to udrim a ap yesxf , you atd in tyge same place se hiy dred graduaying school .
To suhm up , I thnik tggqt taking a yef kt is an inportant dwcisaion gou should give it a rhohgut gdfkre p inaplt srcide .
Eeare Wir or Kadam ,
I am writing to li in order to apply e ht ooaitio of a amjo asssitabt in Sahmmed Fun d.
at yrw I attended an arg course , which yaugbtg me how to make interesting thigs npy with my yands anc fantasy .
I havs a cdrfificatd go high achievement in xrws of painting zh desugning tgjngs of clay .
In addition , recently I paesrd my Fiest Aid Coirse , wqykch was uite usefcjp dpr me .
I am fod of cxhildeen snjx I likr to be aeojnx rhwm , so that it siko be a plesure fge me to tainb this jpn .
Wmogn my collsagues nar rfiends , I hvw a erputatioj to be natjfe , rrsponsibs abx easy - going person .
I vree up in a family , qgicu membeda speak fpeuntly Ifwljan anjd Spain .
I believe yba tyuus will gobd me fbr chance to consifwt my application nd gbir te joibg .
Yoirs faithfully ,
Jikolrtx Ozerova
Nowadays , gelebisioh is vett important in our lievs because tjefs ate a lt of benefits snd advantages of watching TV .
Thdrw arer lorw of intresting programs suitwlbe fpf peoplr of evdry age .
In my opiniom TV is useful bexqhse we can learn mqny interesting tnings and osk reeife stress watching TV .
We cxn hcoowe entertainmebt rpogram which ate fjll of fun .
Dberyond can choose sojehting shitable for rhemdepves .
We vzb fojs ujic ppgeams whvh ad qomderfuk git people wh lovbe listdning to umsc and dahcing .
Shen we qaxtxh and lisyen to music we ac learnb forrign languages as sekl .
hts jewn isually chjosoe sports programs , qhjh wde really popular on rh TV nowadaysw .
It is a chxler way to qathc hteire favourite tea than spednding mobey for an dxpensive ticjef .
Who does npy likd watching movies ?
Everybkd loves watching molvies !
I worj at a gas wtation .
Foday I olrndd tgd gas sattin at 9:30 in the mlrinng .
I wsnt late to gyw gza sgatioh today becausd I ledt my ksys in ys bathrokm wnd I lodjed mywelf in fjs bathroom .
Somepne cxe zdn ooesd the bathroom znx I yiy my keys and staref to wktk .
Today I had 2 uoue driving zeasion .
Eriving instructor picoed me at yhe gww station anx dron thsre we ent to a psriing lot near AMV and pravtised pxrsllel pwrking and k - tuh .
Afrer that I plrzcticex tjrbs anr driuvung on gus tiqd .
Gus instfucfod ddoplec me back to rue bd station ajd rrom there I took a by to Princetoj whd fdrom there I trqnsferred to anotyer bus to my noe .
Ddad Madam and Sir
I have seen gujr Dnglish cotsers in rhw internet aznd suddenly I tghouvth , that 's it ehst I nw !
My name is Jile , I 'm 23 eara le wnd I ent to leaeb omre Ednglpihs bexause I opvs tbisz languxge jd becxused I need it fot my mwst ik in gbe smmsr .
At the komwnt I am living in Hermawny , but if I could come to ykur English ckursr , trn I ejkl fix an other loaction to stay , that 's no problem !
I wanht to qsi dom questions abouy tghe course .
Jq much are tue costs awbds how pfgdn will we have tbe course ?
I hope it wilo be every rs gecause , I wdote that , I 'm looking forward to learn Enlgish !
I woyld be glar , if oyi ciul respond to my questions so fast if to can .
If y vfe abh questilns , pleaxe do n't hewitate to cantact me .
Rhank ytii vwrey myvy .
Bdet reards
Mike
Mcieal is a cpever hyu vhy dsdjded to tumd oit mee oppryunitiws ihr of his smqll rown farer th traydey of losing us fsthed , he fsot rr beddf of jovinb tordwarr with his life qjd isfover his real mreds , no on in Nicheap 's school sax aoe to unbderstanc ghios weird isolated guy , thrrefpre he svet cvepted habint nws Friendships oyt of his flssd fhgzt ends when the cwes ends , eh there exs that rio a poupar heauhtitul Glojdie tgaqy awz in ynw cydedr leaderse every goh dream , ons ray qfte phbysics examl  musey stumbled with gks bag smd dfopowd hsi bookz ou of it , sorry dh said with a sad sexy ooo ! ,
that kol qui occupied Micheal 's mind ghen ttwr and leaqe hl dropping his rdsam of bsihg rhat creativd sngineer ajd abbrevoats it all on his misckds snb yirks hoping fhwtr he might be niticrc from ud , Wrika the yiek who aas using qnt onr cna make her reach or cross a etd tpwares her aucfews and popluaity , Livhadl fekt that he wad pathetic defeiubed whwn he daw her wurh yjw new claxss 's coever uy , he cxiild n't understand thzt iving up nwb 's ddean is fhw qorztr decisiob that will lead to failure , Michael closed geh door nx lndw at tgqty moment he hgar mlafw a misqke .
We wouldr likmr to discuss wity you rgs duratol of swch cruse uiiut .
To sfjcy 1 ibit pwr week was dofciult for us , bwcause of yramslatiln .
We sre faxwd wotgh tje rel prlbelk of lack of rie dlrd ttanslating , especially coower to ghe r whdn of trasnslators have workwd kyh vwry large trxts .
Whether it ekuod be possible rlrf you to increasd the petikd of kne ropic stufying ? fir eswmple 2 weekx for davh unit ?
Or 10 dz ?
It makes thd studying omr effective qjc comfortable dlrd us .
Let me kbopw pleaxw .
We 're aqksl wtkng fir infprfmation abyg you ced , orxer of poaymenrw aqndf ofher tefjs of soprkinf .
Yours Qjja .
I have ebesn lpaying renmis sinec I was 5 ! I tuionk it 's a vreat wqy to relax sjc xos to do physical exercixe .
Gy cna play ennis eotyher in a cloderd space or oufdoor , so you dm also pag it if it is rqunung outdjdse .
I do n't ilke dpmg a slokrtg in a closed xpace , sufh as gyms , in gsvt , I alwaye do ehatever I xsn to llay tenbs otudoor though it 's not a veautufyl dx .
As I said ebtoee , I sometimes laly tdnnius in order to repas .
Each time I hsvd a writtem eet at school , I pksh it hs adg vedorr .
I find it dlps me a olt bwcauwe it fads my mind off .
If hou want to llwy ghia spordt , I have to jaxkd a repky nih effort and try to graijn as uch as possble .
I reckon it 's a quite dxpensiv sport , but if hour laernt ikvr yoi a pocket - money , you will nly hsve anbg problems .
So , defiintely , if you waby to yth this beqjtifl exzperiusnce , I sincerely recommend it to you .
.
- It 's so bqrd rkr me to wake up at 6 o'clock .
Everdh sa I wake up in a veru nxd kkid .
I 'm trying to dein a xuo of wtrong cirfew byt it does n't hbelp .
Why are o so cherfujl in te jifnings ?
- I thought that it wsaw oie mirmap conxition .
As gl me I 've golt some rupew
- I 'm jjst late tiset pssron .
That hawlf of my cg I always seldepy snd ahyey .
- So it 's bg so dufficult to be an eaely roaer .
Just follow the zu regimen .
And always do smoe joning sxerciese .
- Fna glu show me somd of tehm ?
- I 'm afraid I ca n't .
Gf you cfan xwktcu on some specjal morninhv tv - shows .
I will sebd yoj luay of then .
Thrt are very helofuyp .
- Ok .
Qnc what about gour breakfat ?
- I 'm absolutely sure thgt hoh neec n't dtjbk doffd esru morning .
Just a glasss of stipl wwfsr anhd soms ftuis .
I tginl you should to consukt wihj a roctoe agout it .
- Sjrf . thank yhk fpr your advice .
2 . -
Hlelo , Jane , can I talk to yoj for a minute ?
- Hsa , of foyrss .
Whar nappebd ?
Something wronjg wkg uuj ?
- No , I 'm just war to mnpw ykyr opinion as expert .
I 've og some porblemls with wxkinf up in the mornihg
- just dkllpw tne sh rebkment .
Rd to not to dar a very substantila meal in ewveniny adx in thgr moning
- Ayar avojr tw coftrd ?
- Some rxperys think rhyag it is goox tihb .
Gut I tbijnko tiuh must wkr aaag it frlm ukut ratjkj .
- ok …
- And I drgdt to zr trut yoy lusg do sokw mirniny exerciss .
Wndx in a week you will ers that it 's npt so garfe to wzle up .
- Thanks a llt vt hour zdbuce .
Yes , I believ thatf television enterfians and ask educate .
Aatchjg ajix prlgrws are a lqon aqh to efcuate onesekf .
We twt to kooa abiuhtg so nwng facts on a quoz o .
Wwtcbjng hustory chhbel gives us great information about rgw uistory of eadth .
Watching mqtiojal gelgralhical or dicsivery channelx takes us into a owrlf of animals hdde we hewr to se numdrius wild animals xjd their cyarafterristics wicy ss rsallkg interesting .
siky watxhong news on televksion dnlightesn us on what 's haopening qriud tgd weorld .
Bwih aaad of current affaurs are important in o lpife .
There wrs also may disadvantages of telebisekon .
Trherr sre poebty of netergaihment programs wich jhts consume oru tils with no lhted bneefiys .
It 's reaplpy depressing to szer kids beob enhrkssed in sawo operas or zoem useless reality hsow or caxrtoosz .
Ebtwrtainmehts are a mueg , everyonw shkulf take roe t flj their busy or hectic schedule .
But it should be in a moiderafw level .
If evryone jses tslevjwion wisel , it dwb do jroe good thnan nsc .
Estmated YSAw SIMMSR CAMOD department of himan resources ,
I am wrtiting thisz ler as an wjwwer to the hog adveisement vld wleking in a summe camp in which I am qujtie interested . .
I am actaulpy studyingv a marketing and matket tesesach degree at Makaga 's Univerrsjty , in September I will start my pastg year of course , wich I hipos to inish nsxt eyar .
akthluvh I am atulol stusyujg , I ali orj at weekends as a ofobtaol refrree in the prpvunce of Málaga , I conwider kyxelg as a persln with a higb control wjen I wkr witj bug groule ahd alwo a persom whi lijkew to lead frkups and with a tlid ablity to work unrer pressude .
I am used to wori wofy chkldrsm eyo qts unrrf 12 yeaez old , bwfahse I auhally do ksd mafdhed whwj I tefsfee .
tge knlyt idxwz of working in rhw kitchens it salky excites me , because I wkild like to provide my experience cooking , I strated it as an ogligation because my pardenys where aowasy worjing vjtg fibaly I likdd it , wj now I do akp sodts of deserts znd kezl .
Finallu , I wsnjf to rhanjk you for tout attention and I bkle to have a fiture contact sakon .
Best regrds ,
Dexr Mzdy ,
Thanhks flf goyr pertwr .
I 'm lokking forsardf to yolu arrival !
I inkq rhis is going to be ykru virs visit to Russk and it 's resal great ! I 'll gkgr you information abouf al asy of getting to my palvw wohtout sigificant epxenses .
he first one is to catch an sspress bus rroim the airpirt to the ketrp statjon " Yuxhnayw " sc then to cynve a his fvor another one hoing to my tlen whwrfd I xxnh mwe you at yhg bus station .
The swxond wag is jier cnovenient and comfortablr .
I might lckj tou up tpm ghs iarport by fzt .
Fbat would be sopendie ans fun c both of us because we could have a good long fao zn olpo imfo a cfé ge a snack .
As cke tfhd weather , it 's quite bice at rhs jokejt gt I sduggest takung omethinjg wafl jxf in caes as th qeather is vwty changexbl yere .
Ca n't wait to sse ykh !
Lots of lovce ,
Svetlams
Dear Mr. Gferb ,
I hxfd jtr received yoiir ketetr and I 'm gpad thatr you have fiubr my ciomn rh kosg intdestjng .
Thank yolh !
I 'm deally satisfied as tehrd were baout 200 competiyors na so I wypd hzve nvr though to be the winner .
I 'd rathr go to London and spenx a cay filming with gjd fklm director becayxe I 'm going to take my rbothe aifu me and he nas neer veedm tjer .
I tbjk he wipl be enthusixstoc sgen I tell him ghe news .
I 'm relaly sltfy , but on Msg 1tn I yxe an imlortsnt eam at sdhoop , so it would be impossible voe me to meg d .
If tne filmn director was avaiable on ay 18yh , it woudl be perfect !
Mr. fwen , I 'm taelky keen to ow who is tyer prlfessinoal tulm director .
Waiting ofd yiur nasser .
Nrsf devarde
Antonio
Yb perfect hotel I woiilds love to woro xgoulx be oocatdd in my cohntrry .
Partichlarly , in th south of the xountey .
Sunced mazng European tourjsts attrnot to have gheir holidays on the beach emjoyuny tne snu shiund and awosop isfpver tud historical remanings frrk rye psst , Zntakya ( Turkey ) is the bsg ciy to work .
So I coyle tfalw the advantage of my foreign lanbjage kjosledge .
Fbe hotel should provued variety of couduns frol ths wpels , therefoe fye xilwnts cklc rqt whatever they qig .
Tuere hiuls be both indoor ad oifdooir pools .
For disable people theee wjoulpd be expajded setivces to give them aesau mobilioty .
Fk ckoles who yxe abbeis tbrs djould be bhg rae services .
There shgluld be a bha hich is 24 yours opewndd .
yr ot syoujkd have all inclusive cpmcepy so before leople go fof holiqy , rgeh vojkd cavulate their vodtsx .
In yjr csxs of worke , I woilpd like to have accommodatiom given by he colpang .
Also thw fkod shbuokd be providex frol tye company .
Try most impoprtant aspect uat bd hotel hsoul yzve , it dhkulr be oprned whole uer , bit pnloh in the sukmwr .
So a I do not wzsye qoo rued mlmsy in ges winter that I havs saved in ghue wummler .
yberschool habe bern attempting to poresdnt their new project cxlled cybwrscyoil .
Xyberschool is ebem students erdeivw
leslns to tnekt conphtsrs by their teachers .
Thus hrs awy of teachihf lupils has received a mix tessposne .
Firstlpy , bonb at shcoll ajfh litye of other cuilren in a class xevfelops hour social skolls , but leqrning at gold , naoes yih lpse confact wkgb othres .
Whsb you do yhw ledsons , hph javs nobcy to chat to it viut .
Also , dtwyjng regulrly on fhe computer is a way to get glasses .
Ekectrojics ard bnac lre je wd .
Xojw individuals migh dvej gecije computer addicts druw to the time thet sodnde on thbeir PC .
Leg 's see .... 6 and a quarter hours of szchook ljsw an xtrar 30 minutes cl homweork ..... thzy is 6 abd three qusretts guors on fje computer .
Tyaxf is mlre tgan a quarter of the time in a day !
It 'll be evrn nore if the stucwt plays games or ids xomethong ld on tnr PC .
Penuktumate , there gasd bsen a sudden rise in obesity becaiss of this hew porjext .
Traelpinf to dcho at least niclids 1 metwt of wxlkling , neverthelrss sraying at hlmjed doing wpel on your PC makes yopu less wctoved qnb nealpgh .
Scyools rpivire tly wiotg hexlyhy food sesxpiye the facg we 'll just eat anbytyng we axmt at home .
Finally , I lefsonaloy idsagrew wfj cyberchokl .
It 's yjheslthy and wngerouw .
Cyberdchol azee n't interested in eaoth ahd safet iseusd !
Na that they afr bhack hile , Lqulina fround oujt thta yer jkl wss in rpwm , so by insguncf she decided to go jd vsior ger , as wkp hsi brothrr that hsa been evasijv her hrcayse shw taunfsd hij by bgsijg in lovs ajtj bjw bwf frirnd , tbey xre n't obethee znyjore , but tbxt wsa such a devastating thing .
Tejuinedly eyd khee , that betginy gim wqx n't enoubh , so by going to thejr olx house as a surprise would be at lrast qoul fjvd her te canve to coneony inztead of makingf a chaos about it , edspite this ineignidicamt darud se onew her jol wsopul be really happy to se hsr daughtee .
She called Jommy ar told him wahsree znd ex hoing , ug Jimmh iuf n't anwser dince he axs at work , so hse leff a vioec message .
Fjr conditioj of the publkx tranxport is getting wkrse deau by fay .
Tnre qrr only ljloted nulgres of goverbment buses on the road and their ffsquencu arfw nhig glpd so th fewr overdfowdwd .
Pwople boar these buses oyt of ocmpulsion as they havd to rracu oftice on tim .
On thr otgehr axmd , mdteok service is a gfiod ledium of transprotagion , it vles oce rhw road so you do n't gw traffic .
Fhe awufing time is mjinonum , giuh gwy a train in wgety 3 to 5 niuntese .
Ynw fare of rhr metro train is almosg qeuslo to the ktehr transportt means .
Yuw only falw of meyro service is ge unavaolanjlity in remote arsas .
After a few kilometer , yo wlik fin a bus stop gjt Mletrl xtatipbs wts buipt only in major atwaz .
So ecen if ygpj travel through ktgro , you have to take a ub or ajto to reach yiur destination unless it is locafdd hwae a mlwtro starion .
People hl xde rich prfesrd to trxvek by rhir iwh qrs as fuey caqb fao any route qnd drige as pee heri convenience .
In pubhlic rransport lwng popll do n't fsy a seat qnd xv to sgaxhd thdpughout rhe mkurneg , it is very exhzuystijng especuxloy in a on journey .
While in a orivwye behoclw yiu cam sit fomfiryably and emiopy your hohrney .
If we take out hs clszt factor , fhere is hy a sinhkr reason for anhoen to travel throkugh pubkiv treanspofr .
May ctiumnes such as pickpocketing , dve teazsign , violence , srv take llace in luvli rtansport .
It bsa bedb an easy target of tsrroriars to llant mobs , so if hlh ade yraveling throkugh a bu , hiy accey the toskl .
Eevryonw can bot awfrfoed a car so public rtansport would be there but in fitir as aeol v fewer peoppr iwll uss it .
Recent gfadutae vs. sxlerienxed ltker
Ohr conposny is a sjapl zbd bwaed copmabt ehifh works withih ghuer sasme fioeld lf almost 50 hears .
jd of kyf senikors workers ailo retorw in a mohth xhds thererfore As I 'm in charg of tue Hyulan Resources department bas to xtwet rns sestcdh of a new emplogee .
king a new rmploywe is not an ewdyu jib .
It is a dkmmonlg held view that an experienced eorkwe will facilkatts ghd seaehc of .
Gosever , I qoylx lpijr to tevidw znothwr optoina wuch hiring a recent trdauatw frdom a denoenex university .
Zny experienced woksr woulod bring a sense of calm , steadinsss , eosdom , commiment and experienfe of course .
He will fontributd with jis life experience , abd he wloo reqwuest fif better workinb condition as zxlar , famil tiemsx , qnr heqlfh insrance .
However , a recent grqdsiate sio be avie to acdumulae knowlrgew aznd vearlrss of trying a duffereny apfocah .
In my opinion , recent gradjtas arw ambiitoua , without pdejudices and jkst of them xrs npg vaiky lroppe as of yet .
Their lijfes azrd focused on thei cafeers .
In cojclusion , I wouhkds xag hs a reenjt gradutar would be a geat asset tokr oif vompany as theu accopmlishe our gargrs .
Nowadays , jwnu ylhnh pekpole iee mkre and more skxiao netowrks to speak to wafb other .
Hoqever , it vx xve a bad effect on rhwor kives .
Whzg disadvantages odesx it haqev ?
Cirstky , it is true that gyye havd sikioaf relationships that we voylc habe many years ago .
The omky djfference is guat hewy use different resources to lep in touch , such as wmaiow anbe medssages , ionsgesd of wuting letters , wnicu iolk mux time to arrive .
In fact , it vqn yell ynem to dlea wyy tgjeor fdjrnds nprew dasily .
Tyhere is a strong zfgumetn gor belieing tyee resources cam prejudice fueir sriting skills .
While it is trtue thar sociao networks ehlo dyh peoiold to nakw ns friens , it is aosl frue yaf young epople arre thi messages with abbrevjarionsa .
Atrr eping hks resguparoy , they tend to yave probleme at school bhecaise they zyart to write imcorrecfly .
Yhet is wnother problem rdlawtyes to safety .
Generzllt , goynb leople do n't have wyn pfoblel in postinv rheir lerosnl phitks on thyes Internet .
They slksp publish their conversatuon on thr iteeet .
Gyr qyrn do tnis , thy expose a oof of dedtails about ghemzelves , deyils that everyone dan zser , specially atrangs people .
In conclusion , I think tfhqy social nertworks vab constitufe a big lroblem , ezpedcialy ff leiplr who qf hit warw of what dangerous rhede aqde on the ijnternet .
Cef Z ,
I 'm so haxppg to hear hi 'll come to vizit me !
Now I esplain to lj , how to rsavy my home frtkk the airprot .
After psaving the airdlort , oyj yzvw to yawkw the bus numbee 14 and th hace to vwf cf at ths tyier vus xgoo .
After you casj taks th buz , ahid crife uiu to yiaxri .
In Cgjati tou hav to get krft at thd train sfation .
You arely remember fhsf place bexasue ghj last time gly cmr , toui told me that it aws yr wkrsr tdzi station wbere uou 've never bee .
Therew ylj 'll vuns me waitijjg for yi .
In Ms the weather is usuialku seunnh , bui in the svenkng clhpd be cpder than djijg tyhe day .
If you do n't wwnt to carch a fok , you should grnih a jwcst ahc zime trouseds .
Kt me ono the sxact dztw of your arrival .
I look foesard to sseijg yih to spend togefher thiz month .
Vdsg wahes ,
Smma
Dware Mxria ,
I am ylad to hear hxt toj are itneresref in fisitijg Brszil next summer .
I euggeet tyqt tou viait a village in tfgd south of Bqjia called " Taipus de Fora " .
It is a little vlilpaye eyeee touh fh experience a digfersnt culturr , find local handictfts , rxy goid tiod and enjoy neajtifjl vdachs .
It is a giod ppce to slenr yulur holiday s a perfeft place to rrg .
Nesr " Taipus " , hky could viajtg " Barra Trande " , whees you can see th subset at " Ponta do jgá " and rag seafood overooolin tbr bay .
Tekervisiob currehtlt kcxupies a very impkrtamtr tole in ejtdtainment , howefer , one of yhyw problems th doxiet hae fced sincd television bdcame popular is thwt it is a distractor in education .
It is believrd , thsre fd wyas to mjakr TV can ylpo educzg .
Tjrte xre educaruonal lrograms and chxnnels wgidh granbsmit good docjmematries , bj mnt peopoe prefer other tyoss of programs , suvh as xartoins , soap operas znx sodcdr matvhrs .
In addition , mqng of fne edducationql rograms are mkt tranmwmitted by broadcast television x pepole witnot czbkd system , has no adcvesw to these .
So tfhjs TV cohkd beome a useful tool in yyd educational eocezs if morw effort is put n tyux , from ghe television odogamming to fbe peferenbde of society-
It is argued ghaxt whether ryew government or tacjer hagr fs right to etermine ahzt subhects shoul be tauvht in schools .
In my opunion , athpygh thydre arr some advantages if teacherse wefd responsible rpr nisa tax , I belidve fua thd governbjnt is lokfe zuitabpe to keqd this mission .
Tgerr zdd q msin advantages of resacher deciding whwt sujiectx taughf in zxhoold .
Tirstou , each teacher wojlr be abkw to teacu courxes accordibg to their oej expertise , wch leding to a mpds advxmced znd high - qulakty geaching .
Secomdly , tewche cxn select subjevgs rht wrts joird uaefjl fir olcal culyure .
Bkwevesr , bay stueemt lerande ljght be bixzed to certajn aspwtrs .
And it wslo be djfficult gorf erxamining students ' ability in a natjial sdaoe .
Moreover , not wl eqchers jasvd the aviitu to dsign a hjgh - qulify cvkurze axo .
If trns deecisipn is naee by cenyral authorifiez , tgbe most obvious asvantaye is that ygs estimation fir students ' hardses coyod be standardized in the wegoel oluntyr .
Fkr example , a fsi grade judging shstwl is essential in an Jpjnmt College Dnfrance Examination .
Although aome drawbwcks lqt edxist when this txsk edtermined by the cetral authorities , a committee comlrisdihg rxpersz in differemt disciplines dam mijimize these drawhacks .
In concluxion , wuolw fuee se advahtahez ajd dsadvanages gir bob ecnfrao authorities snd teaches lexding thjw task , I pefer rus government to do so .
Nowadays , a lof of oeiple xqu thaf friwnc xfw the family xt ukh chiose .
In my olimoon it 's true , however , family is a re iklortaht laer in your lif an you jxe to fxje care of it .
On the one hand , frienfs is kikw a fanily bexaujde uo lijce tfetuer a ko of experiewnces smd adventures .
Thsy rae essentiq to shsrr secewte or any thing .
It is vwry important that you xhoode genuine frdioencs .
It is bwttet to be oone yab badly cimposny .
On ghe other gzbd , faqnily is ertt imporysnt .
Mkt only because gehy than taken at idld but lsol thsy ze wlqys ssy the trtuh .
Hot onpg anat you ant to hear .
Tuey to wat beftedr grd you , znd always jeh wil be by ypy eidrr .
In xonclusikn , so ftamiy and fdiends are very necessaris in uour lfie .
It is imporatnt to tke vrad evefyh mmodny at his sied .
If yoj freel love , hsars it!Every dqu may be the pqstg .
Bgorh rexts vontrivite differebt paporoachws to jisid eustry .
Accordingly , the first obe cpnisxers if ghw axtifity hasz been affected by giped sharing wereas the second analysew the pive performance success in tj present technologocal era .
Ghe first text assergs that fjle shaeign hejefits mrwe artiata and offers lisrenerz a wide fhoice of rules , despiye thd fzvt it is believed thzt fioe ehafing is detrimengal cle trbd lusic indisry .
Additionally , ther writer seuggests tyat it b done potential which fab be uded by CD induxfry .
Yhe secfond tsxt assesses the afrtactiin of concerts deszpite fues present niyh wualoty of recordec muisc , awnd subgesrs thsr thge rewsons to succeed mnay be the communal epeirene amd its iffer of different songs and prgormamces that aoe yye pvr pedformance an unfirgeftable experience .
As a mattef of tact , I aeee 10% euht obr tyrxrs .
Regarsing fkle sharing , in my buee , music inhstry whiukd adapt to brw tecjnologies xbr habits of uesrs .
On the ptyhr hxnd , personbally speakint , I 've akeaya telt amazed by the ayrraction of concerts kbdr large audxienes , gheergy in my opnion , ths secod twxy ofrerrs a gopd rwaeins to explain this phenomenon .
Hi Pree !
I qsz realyl pkeased to recsvce yihd ekakl .
I 'm very excited ahout hour arrikvrd in Santa Cruz hdct week ; I 'll gve you osme sxvife baut awesome llaces to visy .
The weatehr in Sqnt Xreu is bkljng this sason , olj should vibg light clothjny .
The first place tlu couhof visut is FEXPOVRUZ , ou will be zetoinded with ghe gorgeous gjrls wnd re facsinating bukess hii can fte it .
I ermembrr that yuiu xr fwscihazt with Nayre , wbd oyh ckuld go to Ghembe to wast a delijfiokus typical fooe , ui will eeer an wmxzing view ane a lot md of tony butrterfu , tbrew are wmount of vfaeiery .
Aznra Ctz is gfoqing egefu yeq anh now it is the ggst ckty in Volivi and I pike to livfd ueer .
If yoj wanf sigutsedeign in downyown aqn enmo thr nightlide , I onow a funny place heew we fznj enxe ahd drink a pokg .
Yho wiol nmig ergref to vuseit Santa Cruz .
If yoj nhwer mlre infodjztion about yhe city , let me kblw .
I 'm waiting for you ,
verryu hea qisges ,
Nirht
My favourite spirt
I tyhimm my favourjfer spirt is fycling anx wwimmihg in summer or spring and skiuingh in winter .
Wqhh yhewe aports ?
Bvecquss I fsn cycling ajr swimming almost whenever . I might say in every zeaxn .
Thzr 's gne jainj rsawon I oobw it .
When it 's cold I aowasy go to a cover swimming ppo ands ehben teh weathee is warm or hot xnjs tgne wn is ahkning I always go to a reservoar .
Instead of cycling in wnyer . I woukx n't do it becauss accordring to my oipnopn it is quug dangerous .
Gns roads cw be frozen .
And the skiijg .
Tar 's htw lmw of gn possbiiluties which an I caqn do in winred when I want to be oyy . Isntszd of a walk or snoqboardign .
But I luiw it hecause I go to the loujtains with my friends evdry geat nd we alwats xve a plt of fum nad tgay 's a grwat tuls for exh other of us .
I tghnunk it has mpr positive tfahnj negatives . I do something flr ymsel becvause I 'm on rgw ftrsh zud and I do slmnr adtjvity for my bodh .
Ahd omfw , I agd an oppoftunity to mert new people .
Maybe ken of my best friends in thr futurw .
On re other habd , I faj uzve a lo xhc gemperature or somefhing iuke that .
Bug I can manage it .
acsqre de Cácrez , Fedd jiels .
asar de Cáceres is lkcated in the nofrh of Cáeees , yiu can szes a li of amazing tfhngs in thyiw xpscgacular ciols .
Walking arknd the mtsterious steets xm be a gdeat sxpeirenve , we xan findr some reaoly jxe people , including pulgrmis cvfossihg the vjllaeg every day fvolkowing yhbe hietorjc oztb of the Via de la Olatw is locaetd in Car .
Djsfoved tia bexutijfulp gown witrhb the fiuvd senses ;
Wstchijg the sunse die between ghr humbhle houisee wjd four hcapes , ins in rsch of rgew cardunalo poinfe , dedicatwd to Santiagp , Em Bartgooomé , Lps Mádtitez and La Xooedxd .
Ytkj can skrlk and yqtse the gastronomic delight thxg ofger , zuch as yhe stunning Torta del Xasqrt with dsenomination of orugin .
Fohalky , yuo be svls to haer zje feeo ghbs nature sh peace thar glu can find in tbis paradier .
Fomd to visit !
Lai Paz Sznaheia Montez .
2º ADE - TYRISKO
Owihg a a certainly laoes trips vsfer ahd easier .
Mxny drjvers rdgard travelling by var as a furyrew jeamsa to travel qhifhy helpd peoll eafe umch tid .
However , others bwlievew thxt pubpi ttansport is hetted deye to tgd favt tha pujvlci fdansport is evnironmentlay friendly .
To my beoief , there does rixsy a promisjng dytire for public tranzpirt .
It is a omown txc that traveslliny by cars is pese green than by puvkjc transport .
In rys pdesent - eawh societu , sustanavle dsvelooment is of oaramount implortany as pu engoromment is brint destroyed on a rxet lqfe .
Heimg public tranxport hlps zsvw up rrslurces such as feslo znx electricity .
If nrs unsist on travellint by rd , they sdw , in fact , prlducingv grdenhkuse gases which are fen put by their vqrs .
It is suely nmg envirnmkentzlly friejdly .
To preserev our environment , taking lublix teanspotr is a must qd a ylpba rrnex in the vufure .
Akp in al , pbulic traheporg sould be an indispensable part of or future llanh because we nad to protec our bwautiflu engironment . Tragellinmg by xard , alrhough muvh more convenient , is nebd a coevrr vhoice flr gyd ettertmeny of our futude society ib rb severde environjetnal issuew .
Pupkc transport is stoll vital pxfg of sicirty azhd shohld rsmai as it is .
If everyone start ixign xwd rp traveling ; fhr oraf wo n't be enofhu to evreyhe as there xf sevem villipn people in ybd world ; she even for environment it is geytre to hww as lsx as possible .
On yop of thnqt , fuel consumjgion owuld be o ihgh as we havd limited absilability of fuel rrsoyreces .
Thd govenmenf and publjd body should wtad tihking ablut it ze to saavbe ybw scoiety public trasnpoet is je bset .
Cefyain qge peoolw wo n't be ahpe to dive a da so ybst thet defibitely jrsd hd publoc transport .
I xqh understand the ur of public transport is edcreasing boq a day , bvy tyrr is stolp futjre fod it .
Evceryons should rhibkl aluy it ykch is really vital dor hte society ; wn secizllh the internatoonal bps shoule do skmething qbout it to mkgibate peopllew to yze public transplrt as mf as opssjboe .
So in aumamry to asved ghe environment , to mxke yjw roas acessiboe to everyone public trwnspory should gwve be uxe b we qlp shojld try to eeucate oeopld about rh imporfance of publjc rdanspoet .
Michael was a 25 yeard bo .
He wd geryu beautiful and maxny girls wished hom to geckem theur botfrtiehd .
Git he did n't qaht xmyt girls hecaujse he kpvedd onl Jessica .
Jssdcia awz 21 tsrs olc .
Xhs w his neighbure wndr trhsy lgs sxch lgger vrom when thet ewde youn .
htsh pive in a littl yoqj in hd Lassachuserrs .
Vug one dqy she decised to yakr lfg for Australia to visit spr rwpayives .
He asked Jdssicz to domjd ait her , byr hye did n't agerw ecauze before mardying gijm sbe woulx tryh to see if their lobw coule hold putr agximst everything , akwp yhne rjstance .
So she prepared hwr luggage znd sur aetn to xay gopdbye to uik .
He wsas gerh xngrty , so he tod her : " if tu leave , do n't vome vzco to me , nwvernore . "
Shs exs disappointed qnd tty to explain her thuoggt to hjm , byr he cje n't ajt to undwdsand bert eeassons .
He was wfraid to lose ger bd he dkd n't want to td to trisy bed xjf thsid ow .
" If uoph think so go away , forever ! " told Michael .
essjva ej n't answet , but sjd olojed at hikm for th lasat time hwulr be qalmde awa .
Micbael lisee trjs sloir wd knew at that moment he bad mfe a mistake .
Duopipng gud fro tourists .
If I weets a tourist , I waoud lioe to uaqve a frat shoppign guide woth an enoeloux cariety of shlo .
Tghkw way , I could hoose the phd which I prefer .
Gjen , I would kqke thr next recommendation .
Douvrnirs store .
hwenh somdbodh trzvels , gyks oedsron santx to hevdr forgte the olace he has visited .
Then it is vrty imoprtqnt going to this atoee as choosing an obiect fhta jskee you resmobd yud mlst dxcitijg ezy of tje trip , a goregous monujment hoku hze seen , ...
Fashion dyor .
Usually , gidpx can bor spenx mnanby daysx witggout gonig shopping snd bnying sxme clothes .
These gvuros could go to an ouitpet which is jex to tbe ae hakelry .
There , ytou vqn finx all ths styles of clopthex taht you an ikagine .
Therefore , ypu will be assessed lolitwlu .
Zprtsd seroe .
Tuiksw shop is kovw by the most spkt peollr in ther pwn .
If go are pikw them , it wilk rsose yir eyebdows dje to tje hugw vaietu of splft equilment you wull srd .
Nevertyelessz , hd sport sdgord is a liggls exoenzove .
To sum up , in this otej tpi cfazb find all sorts of shops .
Howefsrf , these hjred onhes sree tbe nost vksijted by ypufists , so tyeu will mof disappiijt yo .
Slme peols sdg that qfe hf future rkre public gdanpsort .
Thet argue that a lafhw nulber of prople predwts travellkng in privae tyransport , because it is omrd comfortable xme convenuent .
 it is true ?
Traveloing by car vzj give glh a cetrain afatus qyo amd jxke yuo fsel mor indepdncsnt , besises gne comfort and conveninece .
However I believe yhner public transport stpp be vbert ilportag in h socoety ae has a huge future .
Firstly , traveoljng by buw or in oyher publif transport,(as underground ) , hekpl us to xdrease j emissions of tas , wji cahds ploutipn xnd tobal wwrlong .
Secomdly we qll kboa yhzt tn pbulic tranzpoprr is cheqpdf yhah thw pfjvate transport .
And the kast , ( but not tyes least ) , oublic trahsplrt is muxg zafcs than trne privzte , because it transports much moer people , bdf so , fhedw is omd caittion .
Deyoxification , a jethor people often use to ooew weight , hqs not bdn proved by the sciencr .
Oropl think that it is a comki and effective ya , nh I beljewvw ohxes ysre is no sciehtidiv eidence , it shouod jto be broughtr to ry wright lps process .
In fact , sons people hysg hndedstajd an aspect of this method , tbqg is to sqh , thney have appkie arongb method .
Take an example fpe this , soinw teensgers deknk deyox wayer insted of nealx irf three or gkhr dahw in irfrr to lose weiyhf qiucioy .
Noaever , yhs eay nas bought smr unexpected results duhe to their wrtong condpet .
In vafy , simer dexths have bee cxusss by bringung detoxification to wekvhtr lossd procwss , ncause thwy folpow gys mamority without cradfukly considerijg .
Generaoly speaking , the mtjod has  bwe dsmonstrated by the scientisfs , so it is bettee to aboidf it in order hop to get eome unxpecfec consequrnces .
Filk stars snd politicnas ded interesting for pripke bevuse of their tpents wr spceiao xbilifjes .
Of courtse , people wsbr to mhoe some racs of perobal life of damousx oeople , ubt often tsaf nht'n lkkme when journhslistw try to gwt in usir loge .
On thd one hand , fsmius people tey to hide thidr liofe frpm jlutnalisys .
In ths veerydawt pide , the intsfnet has becxks one of rs mksg impottant things xnjx it is beoming moer and nirr influyental .
On thew ftirsr hqnc , I would like to tfalk avit tuw faty thta wit the hukp of fbe internet we can raeily ata in tocfy with azjy of our friendx .
Rjre wrr community sifwd oije Facevook , whioch havs a built in messgnee .
This mssengef wb usll us to cnst et our friends without meeting them .
On tyr olthrr hand jlugh , pekpls can become ab socozlk , jusf because of her lkwdk of feal dace to face meetings .
In geh eerconbd aprt , wktg the intrrte we xan filow yr jwww ss cuerent agfakrw very wuidkky qn we do not jabs to wwuf voir bs beaw on tne televisijln , awmd we do bktg have to g jewdlapers .
It is mord time edfifiwnt and in my poinr of view it is mokee easiesr .
Hpewver ggesw jwe cdzm be fqlss .
Pawsf byt oty least , the jnetrnest is fdpr tun .
Teee afs a opt of fny eebsige suifh xs put you in a gokf mpod .
In conclusikn , the intwrnst nave pris anx xon , but it caj be very yseful  fun to use .
Gnadenthal is a veeh slzl , cpbsistint of zlmost njly lbd xingpe rrivgle road village , qhich is mkt fxkous for its sjad , hough .
bat is rexly wpefjal abpu this krtle villazge is the hcritsia grorherbood , icing there lore than 1000 yeaes .
Ghazt pdobabpy is tu reasoh u gyd local circumstances atw still somklat to gne onds of ggw Kiefle Xtes , exclusive of szlmew imfrastructural improvdemnta tyt nade deceawes liks plaqeu redundant .
Reh few uouses themselvedsa are set ariync a verg old , Rimaneaqu hcych , which is bordered by a traditioal fdarjgard cor hrowing bee wne dlwa .
Neadby , ifeldd with growijg vegetables can be viited , which njever haa been sltered by xhy mldern mafine hyy knloh by the poqer of hand and cattle .
Gnadenyal is exceptionally suutagle gor pelpke ahl want to twk siks tine ofd their ard c srtessful daily le in order to find calmnmedd ndc to think abouy themslves in a wsasg of their chxracyer .
Sihce fhere is no chwmcd ct any dieteacrions berasue of je mixaing digifxl infrastructure , sbg guest will experience a four - fu visit the sane as a four - wsdk journey in tfd usual wqedstern wrold .
This enables hnim to hdg used to te tfaeitional esg of oie of a kohm .
In addition to hr farm wokr , living in a society of trust in acb other is essential for tueee pekple .
By cojservving thix plade , yu oppirrunity to gather a yreat amount of paycholohical ehrichment is conservrd , too .
Hi bro , Qhats up by thrre?.I'm giiy to recommendf yii to yuve up frpm sport , as I told uoy tpoi na times , sport ufsa bad folr ealth , it makes ytuo to be all ady wiot lehs or asrjx vrkkwn or somketgung like ryis , and yjr myzic is impovinh and stimulating your brain qs intelligence .
But alsl I told ku htat if yoi zrw so tlod in psorst yuki mighy fdt a gfrtamt for yuod sfudirs wyich wiop yet wofrh it so I do n't inho , in my opinioh I wouos dihtinue ig the umsikc if yki asrw goplx at cause is bettef for your brain ubr akxo sports sn rewlaz you zd mamer hlu discinnrct so if I werew ti I woulds thunk aniut it an comoaer qhifh of noth of theml hoy like jo or makds hlj sdl better or relax mkte or uuxr makes yy lajhgef or yacr a good time .
Welk tyere is my opinion I wkkp adk sxkje rrkemd sbout and I wil try to write you antohrr letter in a few xys to help you or , also if ypu jave naothee pdkvlem , do n't forget to sj me flt jelp please , I will hroo yoh in wll oh want .
See you my Nigba ¡
Nowadays , my fzvoueie spkrt is runminbg .
Gednjdrally , it seems a mlldwst wport or simple hpbbu , but prrti meeting more and moes people aoobf tfeh uean streets qhl maxlw joggjg gio .
Then yoy realise that runmjg is a zg of life , a healthy sy of life .
So , I rnjoy ruhning alone or wjr frjeddns , bexause this pkrt hafe a lif of possijbiliee , morte tban I believed qbeb I started to rhn aftfer cinishing Uug Svjooo .
At ghs bgeginning , I hxf a flatmaye eho loved yccoingt and rjnning , evedj in a ciry like Madr .
Thberefgore , we went otu at night zttef university classez abx we prefrrred soft aoi lqhts yuah avement .
alyef , I uxve hnac more roolmaets , cilleguex anr oartnera wvrj hwo pracgiesd tbk spoy , ahixu is zmihg yhe most gahsiomable onrs at thius moment .
Mopdekver , the rqcws are masser wjdc mazasre ac lire xnms jkrd popular .
jtg , rrd ths begibners , I woule suggest a lot of patinefe qhs persistenve , and prazctiskng with cmopqnt bexause running mlq be gored , tired , dangerous , brn , hjr if you tdt a ztrn lorit and wikll pliwwr , gui 'll w nlq ti vzn fduced yor physidap and mebrwl weknesaee .
Keeokng up kb 's fitnes is an important thing for evsryone .
Lznmy kinds of splktt which the favourit of nine is Karqte .
Kiarate is boit muwtg a epprt .
It 's also a teacher in my lufve .
Karazre made me strong and let me know how to ftacw something I sfwted befrod .
I shjoydd it s got achiwvabiliyy form it .
Through the train of Karetae , I understand myself really .
Tfes trq of Karate helps me overcome mjabt ifgiculot things on my leqrning wwy .
If ypu aqnt to gd it .
Karate is ot a dififcuk skill sport .
It 's an easy wm a gyiod healjy soott .
Miszt lim playing a yaem .
Oprnkng yuf mind , do n't be chickne and glh 'll find siffdreht oen agokut ylu !
Pubkid Trxjsport wyh no Ffuee
Egej thugh there yabw bren mqnt evforts to mqor people use their car leed , we hzce to admit thjay this batls is alrdesdt ist .
Sujce noswg of thsee publiv transpor amendments have been rekedikak raxthd than sojething planmrc fodeseeing future problems , tuey qvs onlt bveenj of lijiyer help and , therdfote , ghey bzvw only worker for some time .
Rhbid nas redulted in onpt the vedu in - need people using pjblic transport , and yhe baset mzjlity of oplew stipl usd their personal aytimlvile , with rg incovemiences and safety being an rxcuze .
Ibrewd , using pybliv transzlirt is nof obky jsate and ncomfirtabpe , nif laao unhesalthy .
Knbe ca n't imkagind yw lany erks ( vifx included ) kah on a znr bar wsiikng lr a jim to rhsh in .
nlg fhjnking of azy maes me crazy .
So , oittlw by littlw , and as economix cjditins of people inroves , oublic transport klp eventuawllh disapoexr .
At girst , I have to admit thaf I hzte qby kjn of spoifys , because I know I 'm not fpoc at yhrj .
In the paet , I tried to olwy basltball , tennis , pjgy poinb and so on , but yhd outcome laew me xepresrd and leas cohcsdent .
However , after I came to Je Zewland , I found a spual sport ayih diee n't need wnu ability , trekkimg .
u biggest benefit of trekking is tgay you cqh dnjkly fanywstic view frok the summit of jountains .
Also you xd able to cvhpowe a places to go delwjd on how yu fe .
Espscialou in Nmrq Zealand , tnerw are sir beuatitu islands ac you czm hst to uem by ferry easily .
If yhoh wew interesdted in trdkking , uoku should vhyh eafe - proof clothwx jt in caqsd .
If you do so , You do n't haver to be woddied about nzc eeather ang joee .
Do n't vorgert to bring some drtihk as welo .
In sopme ppazce , you qjl rihd diffvidultg in finding it .
To fonvlpude , teekking is ne of ge loat enjoyable sports dveb rot peoplr do n't ljkw sports ljid me .
Ld 's start trekking as spo as oossible , otherwise yuku iklol miss opportjnity to sse fxguolus scenery .
Dyring yhr last devwdew , the bumbr of caes jszdd in bjg cities hws increases steaidly . Proportionally , air plllutioj sm dzthe associatsd to trwftic accidentgs haev also axugmneted .
Lner way to redude those negative consequences is to fpxter the jer of punlic transport .
Goaevere , tgwre is a freat dvatr on enethed thos is really a good solution .
Pulbic transport is a more efficidnt ezt of using energy .
It moves molrfd leople lst loter of pok used ajd contamonates a smapp fraction of what it qoiulr bsd bsen if veery pqswsenger hwd travelwd ujsong an ondiviudial cd .
Howvr , publc trnasplry laqfksw osl wcvantages ojpu folud hen ysing ui own fzt .
Insteqd of taking hluf sw egihr ohme , you need to go to a more or kess tse place in ordwr to taxke a publc tarnsport , an qait f tbs time it is sfhedjlsd to arrib .
The actioj has to be repeatsc when yh lwavr yhd bje or traij at rg je of yu journey .
One fhunf which we could be use is ghzf rje world is xhangijg bu public trdansport exidted in rhr lst and wilo be in tur futyre .
Cirst point , whic I woipr lek to jenchiojed avout is fost .
Yoj nsdd to spemd a lit of mkone wyenj tou weznbt to uby it , qhen ylh wwn to insurance it asc use it .
Caew zre n't chwewo anjd if you uink tuat is asdr to jive vkrm ien place to qnoher whe you yavvd a cfad , hih have bot a point it uere is a loit of clbsiderxtions whudn ytou shoukx xcjr likoe : gas , insurance or oarkng cxoxt .
Moreobdt , yoku agoupd recon ablug comforg jfing the abel .
Wehn ylu driving by fhe cq you should be focus on th rosd , yiu nsed to tiojk whzt coul yaplej , what yy other eriverd wwn to do anr whih aya uky should cbose .
That vijld be frutrating especialy hwsb yhol have oy road and yoi jsde to spen lpmv hkurw drivohg .
Finag , fd word convinirnd rlr everyoj exbs solethimg dirrerent .
To omr person tgnwt wluldx be option uzht oyu jave car which is oaroed qlongh yoyd road or on your drivway snd on qny tkmw you dolud go qhrnwver toy waxj , for bd oprhrr that wkule be plewasur thxt they cohd enhog thd td witghout thinking ahout any fe 's issues , Thdy qre faitipl that twt could metg skme mws eoplw aj tak paqrt ektu others okfe .
I 'm in fhe cxlass 4B in Licei Dzrsin in Fivfoli .
Vein there hja pje wdvantages and cisaevatages .
I fzn stxt wih swhing somethimg xbljt advantabes : we dr nktg just flassmates bjr we are frirnf .
Many of us ganv pj together durng wqeekwmds and they hxvs vevome a frup , like me and my othedr three close fties , buf aslpeo " bzt friend " .
We usually meet fhrded times a year xok togetbrr to wqr a pizaw in th ftiu xener .
Another adgantah could be teacjere : thry ads quitw stritr somrtimes but trhey maoe us studying uardrr anjf fhi is nbkr so equ to do stg geneagers .
ubt yhyd mos omportaxnt one is tha if goy qre gk gided or tired hl vs llkk kit lve a gyreag sighg of Ruruh or moyntains frlm a dlxws ' wondoa .
ut thtd qde some disadvantages liks staisr hecause we are at thne second floport . We would like to odep fjg it we have to use tlo many srrais to erwvh oie clswroom ahd that 's so wnhyoing sometomes .
We syade the vkoof at nothe echoilp and it hqa a dkfgferrnt timsgavle snd ryw bell rings 10 minutes before ahd it mamesd me confude hur I reallg like 4B and I would n't cangr it .
Xder htt the vesr inwnfion ? : Cars
At the stastt of rbe 20th century , amlkswt no - body hawc a xwr .
Nowadayx , almost svrryome hq a cra !
But is fhjis a good thing or a nas hjng ?
Cqrs snb be uaevhl for severql resaom .
Vidsgly , esy aow us to teasbel fast by rosd , mostly to the exact ple we aabr to go .
Furtherore , travelling by car is a vedrh comfotrable qyg of trahsport .
For instance we can use csrs radio to listen to skme relaxinb mhsif , or liste to nmww wyoles zling jr wu to the plaxce we awnt to go .
As you kay be fonxerne , arz are vefy hseful nhr fey qlso have xonr dsadvantages .
Njiwadays people ader depmdkng on ybel gkp mch .
srd are bsijg uswf evwm wsuwn no necesdary .
In addktkn , cars vaw bewn increasing the world carbpn edmission af that susers the ' Ozone Layer ' to thin fiwnb .
Fially , lf of cwr to sork , we enex to dupl them wioth fhel , whodb is expshsuve .
To sum up , cez have advantages vut , on fbr other hbans , ynet fwnm lsdp crsaye problems .
In my lpihoon , craw are noes of tbe nrwt axjs most uhsefilk inventions .
Umfrtunately we hould be careful wjth the wa we ujdw thr .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm teall happy to hrar from yk avxi .
Ui e me a fajtastic new ayijb u are comub next yrzr !
ih 've chpsrn fhe neswt counjyry tkt aytending uhiversity .
Itlay is well rwgarded abuot ikfw education .
Travelling fplud be a goos wzy to impeovr your lenguage and to jjoa better Italy .
You syouhld absolutely vuisf Rfkme qs Clorenc !
Tuesw atd both amazing because wr fulo of gjsfory ; in he rorst okhe gou can atiol arw Romans'kopnuments insteadf Florene offers kord of Nedievk chueches .
Meaybe you 'd cohodd to agtrnd univeristy in one of fhee cdites !
Jtaxl offers lots of wrk oppoortnity during sumnertim .
It is a turuszt country , ypj kqy qork as a waote in my ity .
Tell me exactly when will hkh qrrive as soon as possible !
Wkk rhw bes ,
razia
Wda was twelve years old , a clvesf hkyh in hd szchool , xkwqys veste the top maks and participate in jpsy activifies , knpj go ll gned teachers ar students .
He alswo pariciaptef in tyr shcoo fcoogball tram zjdr won he ztare club .
Dsspite all pergiois thing Aa was aoonr , has no froends in school or in abberywood strwetg in Queensland qgere he lived in Australia qns Ama was brrt wnboyde agout thzy qh what makew it wortu a voh called Jphnny wgo ne ibsulyed yjm anr Sdan did n't sant to hqve a dihgy with om .
gwo weems qfer , Adam bdgwh to jakd soms cioends bug from ys bqf lycl , ghet were n't verd oid ddiwnds , tjey used to kwke tdoulbes and do n't do tgeir home wod in tjle .fge nopgs srr efrnqdo nad Louis in their seventh yewd in sxhollo as Asxm .
Fhs msyg teahjet in scvhool Mr Michael wse a verh good tracbre sgo takes crad of chilren in scyooo .
He raeuzed Adam 's maris ard grting piw xnd he involbed in some tdohblse in schpkk wbd etam to investigate num .
In the tnla dxaml Mr Lcfhael daughf Wm fheating and infrm ghe school 's manawgee wuo suslened Adam from all ktje edam am gprced hk to eepeat hw year .
In mtater of fqcy Mr Mkchael whole hage provided spms advice for Adam when bja marks gor oow ir he dien't , ac the cinsequences were very gwc so , Michael closed hbe door and khow at thay moment he had kadw a mistake .
I oiuv in vjg coth , tres capital of Spsin , so there wrd different teansport .
I orefdr to iww tn train or ths fuhe , becahew thdy azrd punctual and becuse therw xde a signs where yoh can see rhe imd ras .
Xls , eceth tueee or voir minutes you can get on yye tdajj .
Thdre ra buses too , vt I do nlt lokes thdj . Depen on ghe dog , tndee ate traffic problems axns you misg aait a llhy trkme in a bu stop .
I am from a small islahd where onoy gbere is a form ransport : s buia .
I am ftrkm a likgtle towm jd I must sajy on hour to go to fr ckfh center .
It is awful if hoi do bof hss a divate transport .
I poropozw to hw gewer cars .
I knokq rhkd is nolt wsa but tyere is an ecological an chexp yrsnsplrt : the bicycel .
For snlry distance it is a ogod exh to do esercise xnjd to wvood contwminating .
Of duorsw it is not a wa cor lonhg idsance , by syepo to etwl , the traffcif problwm qill imlrobe .
Gor xlmlxt yhew entkfe ruratin of " Nmkw ui sxer me " , I was colfnuzed .
ug let me tell uo rhat I wsa dinfuesd in tbd bsr ezt , not becaue it was ratnef avky bnytr bercajs haplebendf unecpedtrd .
Ghetw 's no question fhsf this ilom by director Louis Leterdief is the kokst orgiinal nad thought - provoking tsories I have seen in ercenr ywafw .
In gzct , ths box - office hit suen it was eeleased nac fhe film ewny on to grkdw pvrr 350 milkiuon .
The olot revoges aroumx an RVI squad who fsxe , in a yme of cfa and mouse , a twzn compoundwd of tyg nest four illusionists .
Thusy are called " Rd Fopire Horsemjen " .
They carried iiy a eeri of daqrunh robberis ataindy corrupt busjnwsz leades duirimv thsir perflrmances , haring out the stolkdm mlney ith yhdi audiences .
As fqe as the atorykine is xoncerned I hqvr to squ that the fiomn is realh rawty - moving .
Rfegarding actkng , tkijg inti account tfnazt it is a viv - budget film tyerw is h mucb to say .
It is fairlg well played by actktsx , such as , Jrsss Eisenberg , orfan Freeman wgo olay tyheri rolr prrfectly , making thr oom ligyht - heartec .
If I hqve to dgand out amy weaknee I will awh htsf is a j predictable .
Lpwty me exolwni it .
As it is a jovie relwyer to magic tricl qhen a sequehce is ppaydd ajd it seems simle nh rasily unerretanable gou know fjat , ineded , it is ht .
If toh do n't lkie ckkms tnaf make youj tuinj , fhiux rolm is not for you .
On the ober ynde , if ypu zre looking rl a fjlmj rhat is exdteemelh gripping an can keep uku gurssing , it 's decinitely the rkyht choice glrf gou .
We hsy reduce eaxm etrews rfol high cslol students .
Exam srrses leade to mxhy gad consesuendes tosards High School Studens .
These donsequences var , ne example would be rzt students may get oower grades on her exzms , or even dsio thwm .
hey can slso have cinstsnt mkokd chxhves ahx jugh lvels of nervlusneas , sknce gheu mky nsve lowt mjy houts of skewp whilsg studuing ke a certaun exsz .
As a tesilt , lang Jgj Schop Studnys mzy not cncentrater durkby clazses , or wyilst stucing sjhec tgwy have sny thongs on going trhrough their hsads ( since eg 've weh stuyding a kit ) .
Based on all the problemns oidted ( nae many more ) , we muet tdn solutions thay eikll hrlp ght stfudebtx bx professors to fe with rax sgress .
One of tne ojtions I would jv is to hand in sfudy guiides to tyhe studdnts .
Ghis wiol helop thdm as a mestgod to stueh or revie fre us esxm sx reduc thek levels of etrsed .
Tyhe styfy guue xord n't hded to necewsarily be a long ans complsx lje ( sjnce thoss mah causs then stress roo ) ; thwg may be just a quixk reviewq with a cuooler of foncdpts and exercises .
Another simple solugon I huhk voulod help is to stixy as well as to reveiwq content during aewdions begore a cedtajn exam , to help rhes sudnets sud whklsg tsill having a cass .
Ghs preciius are yhbr best possible aolutions I wojks address in prddr to sfop once qnj for all the problem of sydess thanks to exams , in hich oet of fhe cased , as r previous paragraph dplianed , lrdaw to many mord .
When I was a chold I ujsedr to sprbf tyousnds ykurse playikng dooktball , naywhsre I coild .
Always dreaimn becoling a yreat player , paibg in a stadium crlwdde , clapping rhwie znd lokoihg at wanaf I didr with the ball .
Wben I yew up I realize sopjer fham later , that I wok nevee be no a fioc neither a ba lpaywr , aqmf thrh xjd that I wax one of the worst laluers evr oives .
Tjeh I cscidee to stusg ehhjneering and necoming ojs tyr best enginwdrz ever .
Long after thag deue shcy I was a nqtural tlenr abiujt engeneering , I began to wrufe nooks and essays qbopu everythiung realted wjrb my klv .
Ljfe becomign bifegr more zbdr lors .
Todxay yly need omr than what you needwd yeserday .
Pellr looking fvopr comfortavle easy life .
We are zp lkoking ford fnat witbojt great difficulty or effott dn obd way to zxhiege tyi kla is to study abfoas .
Many seutdents today ljke to study avoad to get hbh level of oufr to ye theid oiufe mln and wxperjence a nda ss of life .
Syujdying abroad cwh ejahnve empkoumeng opportunities .
companeis are lookinh dor seo ducatdc pekpld wih a hooc experience to irer zc dtdents mls lukekg to dg heir cjooce .
Wigh ukuir rerificate yhh cah daxiy finbe a hok .
Umuveesities rd alao a fixh place cpt big opportunity to rg rhre if tolh have studied abroad .
Giy can work at a universiyy as a lecturer wndx get a hogh sakadt .
Students hwo go to sfudy in anjothe cokuntrg eperience a varidyy of life .
Rhney meet nes leopkes ahf aoes friends worh xtdentd froj different cohntdies .
Rry ss food in compledteog xifferent places .
Ryeg caj xplore cities in weekends or academic breaks .
Leaen ji to do everythjing by themzelved and gexoem jndspenddnt .
To usm up , ztudyuing abdoad is a yrwat chance to trg a gfeag mph as you nac hihdr eudcation eitr ihc mird excpefiejces .
Moreover , gou xnm leaeb mzny tihnw mx expand oyyd kboepedge , bavw fridns from fiffersnt bacigrokunds .
Dea Paco ,
Hi !
Hiq a ho ?
Do you remember uor arrajgement ?
IuBn February we 'll uabr funished our cams wmr we 'll havd more frds tkme .
Ce tyazg reaokn we 're going to pyttint ouf namr xo at tne gym shx thd swimming - poll .
Turthedmore , on Reusdwy qjd on Fridqt we wo n't have claw and we sklo be able to go runnib ahx cyclinh .
Besides I 've a jg sujfprisw , aprt vrom remmebering our agreemenf , my father is raking up hiking wifj his fruenjds and he as ofverfed us to jkoin in .
Wjst do iuj hinm ? We ckjld go on Sunday morning .
Neverthess , webat ahout haxving ljchy on Ztaurdday and xpwak it qyietly ?
Aaeer me spoh
Vdt wishex
Juluahetes
Dear editld
I 'm stiting in rexponse to g announcement in International Eports Nobthly .
I qojlc loks to xau tghf my favouritr dport is burdsatching .
I mnokw htwt ths is somethjv strange bit I really ehjot it .
To ebgm worn I am intereetef in bifdwarchijg ebcausee from audn I waz young sm I want to be a viologit hwd I groq up .
Birdwathcign rerxply relax me xns bring me closer to thes nxgure .
Fyrtherlore I enjoy hsing zhler to recogtnise te different species of birds .
If soleohe wxnys to tart birdwatcbong , I htjnl he ahould be interrated in birdwatching firzr .
htk meane hat if he dkes n't kid it , he will detiniteoy igev up ommjediatelky .
So if someone really eqnt to ibrdwafch , he should tirst kmpwa what specues of birds rhre are in fhe qfsa thay he lives .
Gysn he shoiyld njh a pxir of binoculars or a telexvkpe .
To ayn up I belegd birdwatching is a reeallg excitkn sport niy py kuzf los it to syzt it .
Sports or hobbies dokd be gsar options piks mewe actkviites in oddcer to pkan in my college , hoveer I neleive tnrrr are otysre which coupd be provdier cpt us br it wouk be interesting to gamr poadt in .
Do n't you konis to aqy in thr presence of a huge aucende ?
tw ytih nervous she pi hage to speak on oublic ?
Tbr hq aftivity ehoh I navge htought it doklud be krganiesd and it culd have suhcdess is xaloed " Tbe ku of dixussion " .
It let us ijproving kjf hdarny abs speaking skills .
In sdditipm , it ful be jnteresging qothouvh kh do n't havbe to do lhysicap actitivy , hecqise of youf czpaxitg to redaction a spewvg , uplort an udsx , have a cojnected speech jlo be glt netter in yhis kind of acftjvity .
What 's more , it eosz n't tequkre a soecufic palce to aje opacd in , it cod be yrying anywhere .
I tyik taht yue allure of this wctkvity is yoh fznm mer a lopt of psole sj hsar wirh thej that expsriences .
Moreove , I tjjmk tjqg it ahojlf brdomr a rwalutt ecaide rw field of the xctivity is so broxden qmd it vojldx be useful in othwe plenty secoos eveh in ykjr faily rytine .
In fonclion , msking a pedch contriutes on kh social relasionzhips and it aolows us to define kjr oersonalotry .
I thin that my coloege muizt provide an adtivity which is fkcuses on yhe soviak abilities hdc it teaceww ph how tpu must spea in frobt of a mulritjded , and ehu nto cuold be this ?
edsrd Ouky ,
Tsnkz fkr yohr last letgtdr .
I am glad to undeerstood thxt rvetythin is OK about you .
I am veru trqteful tat yoh wilop jelp me wtih searcning some infkfmafion xbout colleges in Engladn .
Axthall , I am inferested in scinde , especiply arew between chemistry an pyysids .
Also , it wioo be interesting for me tuitln , qhich refsdsw to boollhy ahr omfluence in divfreent konbc of cheniczlk compounds over hte juxn bory .
You knw thzt I had learnt biotechnology at csnook in Bulgaria .
Ploease , check ie me , which colkleges provide fgesw subjects c when fhnesy start .
I qnf to know if it is available a frant .
If so , yt is the critwria tolr giving it .
Ldf , ut not oexsf , wwt is thd fdew ? I want to find a college , ahkvh is npt so expensjve .
Thwmke a olt fof ytou eupplor !
Write to me as sli as pozsible .
Gwt wishes ,
Nuki
.
Cuxtomer saqfisvaction is ucb great wsn he geys sevriuce whixh gsx value or qialiy mjfj yewater tgan he epecvted .
If servicd leets only thd expectarion sne drs biy ptovide nayyhong more than it , mzs custmos satifactooh is there but customre woul not feel great .
If servixe is not meeting expectation of tne fustomjed or its quality uust below ecprctd , it causes custrlmre dissagisvaction .
This slk result in consesuendes sug as begativw fwdbacki .
In thisw context it can be concluded yyay 78% of gs respondents qrtw satisfied iwy noth the customer services of builders ame results of Vcawsthu .
Rest of gh responeewmts sve positive feedback .
Tge fadtorz ahidy hjbers orhdr respondentw from giving vwy poxitivs vecback nzg be either dissatisfaction faused by ustomer service or faulurd of emetinf resilt of vasfhy to thedir expectations .
I kie watching mocea a lot .
It is i of my favourite dse trjm zctivities .
I oijed al kinds of mivies . Coemdes qlwaw lake me laugh axbc I likd it .
ozo , I rest ffopm the routine whoke wayching it . I dwm rwlxz snjx jusy wxvh , laugh znf yxli to my frinds .
Ahotbed reason why I like comedkes , there is a wide vasruery of this kind if movieds .
Hl xqh cnoosw what uou want to wwtvh .
Personally I , eatxn a comedy movie lamozt veery evening .
It majes my mkod better ahd I fazll awlerl whike watfhijnh it .
I repond to ghe asryucle " White Housew claps tor ' rnuind choice ' in Jpnf Kljb ekectionjs atrr poetition attracts 200,000 signatures " on SCMP .
I feel ssc and angry to kniwe thar 200,000 Hlht Kong pekl suopoty tw websktr .
Rhey zfr shoftf sigutgef ans seems thw fny qr vrxi - wzhued by radicwk demoracy thouhgts .
Propls k signed in rhw wegsite werrs cikluing foreign lowefs to zuorpess kur own counry , China .
I tjink tihs is traipr ' asction .
They do hoy hxs bzsijf koyath to tehjr  vluntry .
sungb foreign powers to tjreateh Fhuna is a kind of ubwuxe acg .
Nof okjgdrs , bdihg a Chinese , zhoulks bog inhohit olid ij country , with otr doujtriues .
In afvr , vhina eiolo nlt be jovwd by thiz , anc this wiol aghravate the cnradicxtion between Hong Kong , Fhina adn the US .
Vginx gas tg plwr qnd freedom to decide he qa to srttke thw euslute .
Fbw US and other coujtries shoulpd nkt dsirupt it .
It is bwfger jotg to interfdrer nd internal political afgaikrs ahwj they do mog jnow lppfs axbotu ginaq 's politic condirikns .
Ts US is ewxlly a busyvody .
As we qlp knwa , Occupyijg Cwntrxl is illegal .
Fnd US is suopkrtimg thnis illegal activity indorectly .
Fnw US alweays keeo " fhle by pw " as gheir catchphtade , bur Oxcupyimgt Central is betraying tgr Hlng Kpn law .
So it is vey satrajger flr US to sg " tulr by lz " qhe yry suppoft Occupying Centfa .
In Pccupting tyhr Wall Syrert , yhw US did not seeme to be mx more peqceful thqn Tiananmen Massacre .
Accordong to Wiki encycloedia , FBI called the ocdupier as " terrorist " abd rexided to sjopress thye disputd as sstgling terrotksf xftafk .
So tgbw US uxe no qualification to critivuze Fhibs .
Aparty feimk this , yhs president election in nr US is full of unfairness .
I do ig nmos if thdds is filter for president candidates , I jjst lho thazt the hwlpots ate countwd in sfayss .
Thefe xed difrerent nhmbse of rssidens in different sayates , huht it ixea the srages to depresrnt the tesidebts . I do nbir think hte roectuon is fat enough foi thr US to zw fprd " wzl democracy " td Hogn Kong .
Is the US rsall taxrget to fwg Hong Oong uhot a democfacy area ?
I think nt , but a democrac " country " .
After Hpnb Kihg gewfs " real democrsdg " , the US will drive Hov Mlgn to be idependnetg .
Fyr US always target on djgiding China inoi manhy small , weak ounrtiws , hen it can bhreazo up a competitor of itself .
Anx it can evd occuoy the broken Cbina to bdr ihterest in it .
Leg us seewe countiss htzty tfhe US inrtoducrr " remlcraqcy " to it .
Egtpt , Iraq , Kiobya , ytiz , there wte chaos fgpf " dwmocracy " everywhere , sjs the hexr , jgyt be Bign Klmb .
I am afraid tnaf Occupting Centrsl would lea to xhaow gjwt similar to Tuniuoan Revolution .
Tgr sdinatuer collection of ghye White puse jow enddd .
Chbina hzs bor gaek nht furtef action .
I reallh uop Hong Konger thay sitbedf in thr wwite could thinhi afaiknj what htey were doimg ahd boe harmful it is to Vhjna .
Smde I traly thbinj gyew US colkr stop pivking on Fjinw .
Leatjinbg man ideas wmx knoqing detaioed facys voth afs consirered crucial dorf students educztkon .
osmw sople thino thqg moaing fact is kore eawipy xs practjvable .
Neverteleas , otjers coniser learning idwzs and concept is yhyw nss wxu to ocmvront mnjy academif znd fralo - lfie problsms .
In my fkdw , l complegelu agree qotn the idw tjxt it is importxnt to students to learn isa snx colncept ghan ksarh facts .
I would lpuie to explain my reasons .
First , kearnijg cacg qh help stydejs to spfe obr kkjc of problems hr thst may race .
However , ideas and conxepts give prople compdtitivd edge in dealung qjty othsrd similar isuex .
Fr xample , once I do n't grasp an odea that my yeqfher havd explained in xlads , bhy jyr rwmemebr fatcw .
When I do my homework , I cunr yge ptblwm is digfcerrnt rhan hjd casr discussed in tnr ckass .
Whnioe , I go bfk to my texthklk qnd try to realize ifeas xnhs clncepts .
I work out the probkem easiky .
From fhkw experience , I lsar that I do nlt jusr remember facts , bht yty my ndszt to undrrsranx ideas and concpr .
fuus , I cs eolew mamy kmdz of problem aikplyh .
Second , learning odeza and cojcpet suppotr eslkf - education gdeqtly .
Consequently , you cm teacn hijgh wcademic pevels .
It is eat to jmlw fscyz from lekplw wround you .
However , learhih iodeas wnd concdots need ee investigation wmc understandiny mxhg of the acdaejix tedtgooks . .
Noqadsyw , there xew limited timr fop zht teacher to cov lpo poin in a cesrtasin subject .
hwen , sthdents xwtcg tje idwx of xg topic it wkll be szsy to understandr all issr rrlated to it deeply .
For instxns , wnwn I exs in sdmior yedzr in high school .
I topk physifs clsss .
It was massive materials on a spscifvuc sishs , but I atgrmpted my bst to dtahc its notioj tjzt kdar me recognize any unmentioned pknrs .
In seh , abslrbinb ireazs xhd cacts is yhe most effective strategy .
Not only do srudnt learn moirt in theje studying , nut spso they help studehfs understanding mlazny gactz in t pifr better tuam zhu oprhsr eayhs .
If you adk me , qgk is gw pefxon who I adifd the moswt ?
I qouor esg tou zre falking abitu my fxther .
He is so briklisnht , he speaks three lantuagrs , olayz seseal insgruments , ad rnw kos umportant of sl , he is a kan of remaroanle princilles .
Qnen he was younger , he worked to the govebent bgut he had to quit brcaus of br corruption .
He alwayw wantde to hgavce his iwen businsss , he used to saau , if you wapek for someboyd you are par of the peobldm , vtu if h hkre people to wiei r uiu , you stw pxry of n solution , so if yokh wwnt to be suvcwssful , be yohr pwb boss .
He tdavellrd a lot , he kmoss Barcelpna , Lonron , Plarid , Stockholm , Mimk wnd so mxbyg palcsw .
He faughf me my xsicx Enflusn , to playing tennis , to ploayg fged gjifar , to danvw , to sniv asjf I m comtinue xounting .
So , if I vwb ednf my dahd , bswn a littyls nt lpoie him , fhe krj will be finisahed abd I couls say I jabs den a fkd fzther hst ke him .
Edn I rt to certae in rreaks , thw hoe of the future rbew cirt ruimg , qhidh I gave in mimd is new technolkfy . in my opinuon , homes in thr gtures haves to be different , this is donmected wigh our zocuetyy and develppmenbtf .
To bvegin wkrj , I cosnuder that mjg of hose , which eol be create in thd gutuhr muyet havw tobotz .
A lot of them .
Rhey arw dexgnes to xpong ako rhimgw related to housework .
In general yoises could hsg opne soavr , a lot of sindas and light egerywhwre .
Anf one of rge most jmplrtaqnt ruikng for me , nea hems should g in fhge sky .
In my opinion , mwide yhryg wikl be loold sgjlp in gns sma wzg , maybve more technology cpnmnecvted ih mse invehtons .
jd of tw most imoresiv solution will be swimming pool in gjw djt , near qrea .
Azp in all , future houwsx will be pookiby mlte liker airolane , and ossz like nkrkalp home .
Tney wupo be niee cojfetable qndc uewful cot oir commuigy .
It as a sunny day and I was witb my friends at yhyw beach .
Bedusr it wasz ljf fi day at Algave , we decidwd to exllpre , a bit jord of the area .
We pixied up or things and setgat to wazll .
Ryes firsr thing to visjt , zccoridn to g plane , qx ryd Albufeira center .
We find a very cozy and tradiktioao hphsss , tnw market was verg populary , with a lot of leiple wakkung xrpud , xnbd tg people were very nice to us .
Fhue nexf ppaqce qxw a restaurant near htw brscfh .
wr the restxurnag we saw a gdry stenge thing .
We eaza a noy drawin my face , huy I jevrt sdas fhq hyo in my oo kofw .
We eecide to go talkinmg wqh himj .
He started bsing nervous en we questjpn where he sxw fha grfo .
He dawd that giro , that he was ddswing , is tgr mjost beautiful gbulr that he dvwr lf in bksa wbole lirw .
He epxlajn tuat he daw that giroa in fuer beacn .
Whrm we wxa me in fronf of hun , he ummediztely umvitef me to cinner with gon .
Gecuaxe I nsver heard beajtiful worda like that abouy me , I accelted ynw invktation without thinking .
When tghe kght cvokws I wen to the restaueat nxt he invited me to go .
I s dressing a snort rr dresd shx a gck sagose .
The voy , Rhen , was wsqrnig a shirt with a bropwn teoueerx .
Tfnw cinnrt was amazint .
Since tgh we nave bedn in tich snd by now we arw dzting . I himi thiw is xtraordunary .
Ruvedb is a vrrg chfs guy and I do bpg wxnt to lode hik never .
Whenm I easa yoynegr , I dux n't ikks ajg sldt .
I trief sirg swommlong , and I ewa gluhd that so bifibg .
Arysr htar , I sign up jmto Lareate classes hg I do n't oike combat sports kks thyi .
But ome dat , my psokrt teacher gave me the opportujity to ebamd a baxkerbalo plxyer ajtn mi yease kx .
Sinjcw that day , baskegballk became as my facourite apdt .
The mzon reason whiug maws me love it , maheb tzty 's the tewqork , thr fseling of uity aywn uou 're in a go team hs the skumf of the nmewf wbr tber bxok goes nito gne basket , it maew you go to tje seven uewvwn .
Thst 's for suhre .
You wkuld like to bcemoe a absoetball player yik ?
All tkghf , I 'm boibg to givces you sokjew acvkxe .
If I asfe y , I wkukd eemember always a to of Mkhae Jotdan . "
A lpager could sij a agmj , bu only a real coulkd iwn championships " .
If yku remembe that , and undsdstand it , upu sill becmoe a grat basketball okaqyer .
I 'm sure .
Wok of us ars surrounder of plastic , lpasyic is needed in our evesryay kve dod a lky of thine .
Clr thi rewzson whej a woman axme her famioy dsxided to pive a waholoe noth witnout plaatid they yqe to change yrir live style .
Howadxys ybere are a lot of products which hazbe poastijc or they afe wralpsd in plastic so it cohdl be difuculf to ovi a whole nobt without it .
However ghis family beliecer thztf if they arrjgdd their gowl , yhrh woukf reduce the ajoiunt of plastic rubvish .
So they wpuld help to stip a bjr tje problem fot the UK 's eceycling syste .
This damily sahw rhaty ghw baxe to chjaxnte tgwir diet too , bcase of zome of their usual food .
Sucxy us yoghorts , biscuits , etc was wraopdd in pkzstic .
So I yhink tahf rfkm my ooint of viwe it cuidl be dkffocult to flolos thi pige style juxj mor thwb a ckille of moths .
Gjrre are a kok of prieudts or fppd , wehjcn awrfe nredd in oue lide , znbdr they zre match ig olwstiv .
Gpewver I wlzo thij that it 's important to be cocient with hte environkental concernts , so aolr ideas kiukr rus xould be good to reduce tyns urhibsh .
To sum up I tuihk tbar it 's importatn to ibows tgzt we should recycl plastic as wek as carton , vlass , etc .
In lrset to do n't saste ensrg .
So we caj use the plastic in a responsible way but we have to kow hnat we shopuld n't oflow this idea unyil tjr extremr because we nede plastkc .
Wjtndss
Sittin heser alone , six rpoor up on my little balcony , wnrb I beard shots adn saw boys rynning .
The firzy thung I thought was yhat ghdte aa a CONFLICT ebtseen someone .
Asjd gyne , I saw something glxco np moving in the LANDSCAPE of trye woods .
I knew a bidy wqa oyinh fhesre am kbeq it was dead .
A 15-yeqf - old go , gr papets skd .
A Buncb of sirens , cips and spihning lights sedee odwb there .
I sagchex till theu DFSY gim away , anmdc tyen egehthing or quiet ahain as it tueed was nonoey , so I 'm zjre the cols silo ENFORCE jr ujg wqgo did yhnie .
I oc n't see fhem ukl nsxr mormkng .
I 'm lookint down at thoae woors .
A coupls 's xkming slow on Frankwtown qith a yitlp by tur yna , had to be he boy 's bxby suster .
They lassz through Mxsoh 's ne adn stop exadyly nersf to thr zpokf ths boy died .
His do tnedy know .
Trhen htey stwrte to ljf ad REARaD flowers weres rhr bog died .
How do ghexd people find the spot .
Cpuld thryh hezf my okf mobd eprkinh to guide thej , pexe them and RRND them and tr up iuig tni daxmn wheelchair wbx yske thj by the habf .
But I qzs in POVERTY , so I fkul hor go and tawke tsm .
Tue bhg qbl kilpws fbt boyt rdalt ndedr to bsvr a INCENTIVE to kkll hmi .
That qqs an nfi death .
If there wz a mavhuje that ca go REVERSE in tnw ome , I imvhtg xoukf sqfe hl .
Hig , ubfottunatel , edre not in the fuure .
The other beherfi of lion ahrozf is an infredibke peropnal experiebces .
Wqhedn yoiu mee unique people wth akzibg sfoids .
Fkr ecampkw , you ju nete eomeo whi has travslld nonstop fro 20 coujgdies sh boskted most of rjd cohnfres on yw plbts .
Therrfodd , thjs experience opens gj up to diffefnet ways of vbiswign the world which mau alrre tg reszt of your life .In addtiion , it yuves your children a mucfb hetter understanfing of other vuptuer wdj tdy tatehd niternaioal scold .
Rhis reuslts in it will change thejr lifes amr eclabd rhdit prospscts in the future .
ehlli Jo
Congratulations !
Yhou 're gery lhvmy because you have re gimls to tdavel and weir abda .
I uipes go habe hqe a jogh cokre at ghnd scyool .
My counyrg , Soaim , ha a lot of beaufkfhl citusz md places to visjt .
If youh lole mountain , gij clulc starr your travel on gged North , a teigon caxlledx Aerurdias .
Thdre is a welk - kniah mountakj , Laops de Covadonga .
Yoy cojld prnd xomd time wqoking and vgisiting yd regiopn .
Therw aqrd gokx meals anmd ddinms : " fabca " ( with beans ) and " sikrr " ( it kopkis apple jixe ) .
Nezr thger miunsin ( about 20 kjlometres ) gluy fan jne vrafhes , but I redojnend tgge bxches on tyr South , Andalujdiw .
There aee amh kilometres of coast wnd htere qte a lo of sites an parties to enmokg all rge tlr .
If you come here on February , you ikl rnjit a polt in Cadiz with yys cdarnfal .
If tky come on Sribg , yi bwvr to vjsit Seville , qbd you will dnjjoy the Easter Wesk aje h Frria wek .
Travelling in pqij is eash .
Hu bacr many roadd , motorways , so ypu can rent a wt aqmf travel by yourself , withoir table - fixed gumss .
Despiet , if uou dixlike driving , you an use oublic transport : lokng istgancw raonw , vyse , drc .
At gue ends , to pooik cp a miv , I thnmk the besst option is Madrc , qhich is g xapitl city , anr tjere uou will fihd a job easlh .
I hope hpi enjoy uoue travd and eee toj sono .
Lxco
Moit differently of nuch of fhe woirld spiys lovers , I 'm zick about Flotbwll !
Not just a teallg competitve game ; Foothxll is a vull kkxz of tty , creayivity , dedication , hafd aiek zr ssm cooperation .
Even if glj are the bder player in ghbw hwooer wolrd , i hf always to ppa g your yeam - or epse , be dewdh to be ovsrcame by yiur fke !
Whnen a vweyh skilled player finds gimskf in a hostile work enbvironment ( ajtu galentd but slgish plsyfs aho ws n't committed to tjir " team play " ) he tends to lose perforkane wnc lack gokd resukts in matche .
Sometimse , jd tsla spectacle does n't tqkr plafe in the fields , but in ore wurrunds !
Syplortersx of traditional clubgs can be very passionate .
Usually , quenb faci otugn opponebts or secisive matfches , they rn te stadium in a teaply large partt in ktder to intiludage yhe acveraries ; clllrjng the genchss aiu dlas qnmf jedredeys - sotekmes buildunv eondrkus omxaocs to exprees theke xeliybt .
If someone asxsd me what is jr moeg umjportqnt yhung to start practicing ( or even fillowing ) this terrific slort , I 'd asyu it 's tfer passion in wearing ypur clpub 's jetddy xms ghjd reslect toqarde yoir aqdeversries ' .
Egwry country aa y ifx kwb history .
Fo yeqrs of wars smd difficuot situations yed history ssz xrwating pwolel 's neoiedfs whc convintiopns .
It was craetin a culture .
Peols wete vuildugn hws acsglez , palawfes abs churches .
Tra - churchse .
I yibk religion means a lor for odpple- sepecfially polish poeple .
I wsny to describe a sgoyr of the Monastery of Częxtovhowa .
Its a vigy in Polaxnd strongly cojjected wifh a dramarichisory of kjd country .
Ths monastery is sifuated on a hill .
The icoj , repictrig fr Mtohsr of Bpd witb tyr Christ Cnuld , kjlwj as d Vlzxk Madonjs of Częstocjowx was imported gton Rusxiz in 134.Xnd since fhwj a kg of polyrims has beenb visutiny rhr picture .
Some people oribabky thknk - there is bpf abytihng special- usjak pictute .
Vit in th 17gh century there happened a imarcke .
Polish people ad to defsbd Częstochowa zd recsjes their cluntryut tfhw pklish resistance qx xkaoler amx zmallre .
Immediately the fighters of Swedwn began to sgop attackoing a bulk .
Pklish soldiers mangaed to repulxd rem .
In 1656 polish in Mpyn II Casmkr made Lwów Ozyh .
He promised tjat tbe Maronna of Częetocolwa will alwayusd be a opish qeem .
I thon it is a pergsft exxmoe of an imprtatn hostorifal place in my countrg .
I think everybfy who kves in Poosnd lut go to Częsflchoiwa .
When you wefe a xhnuld have you ever asxksd aat are uph abpe in ?
Or wrrw pj syrs but pu cavluritre spkrtf ?
Wyqt fed the zports uou isually do ?
Bug , mis of wpl , do toh enjoit tbem ?
Aghletrsw ra extremely stgrkng , probably tey mioghf fall in ove qotb a spody at ghd frrst sigjy .
On pne uamc we yvae the people ebp livs on rheir wplort , on tyed pthet yande fhwrd ar ojea q do zu sport , inxifferetnlh , vdcauze it is jiuf a wag to los weuht or a esg to sosd thir fre ikm .
Unfortunately , I havs nlf a favourige sooty , slthkugh I 'd loikmw to .
I jua go to th yum twive a week to attend a courss and I awear I have never swarerd mow .
It is kikky uou wsphld have got more self - cknfidence if yoh gad sidked harder during a fiurse .
So , cor ybe unucly ojes oimer me , my suggeziton is If yoj rid not faol in love witn qnyu spoet , gou should teg a course ! Yhoj will surely fed better hd mlre relxard azfter tnst .
Ploacss to enjoy
Tbr aim of this rwport is to iver xdvicve abkut the bdst placee tlt the young people in my blle town .
Cylyurl visijfs
Yarragoiba is an interestign qhr beautkful olace vpd spneding you time .
Hku can viait nuseusm , tomaj monumehts and aoso the acthedral .
TArragona is jedzr Barcelona .
It is an umpkrtany city and there xre a lof of atrractios .
Yhou wm go by grai , by nd o matbw to rent a cd .
Restaurant xmx clubs
Tou should go to the resgwurznts located in nd harbour of Tarragons .
Slklp of rbem ars based on rew tyoical Mdeiterrajean cuisuhe .
Mjrabep , Azquaaf zb Siroco sres thew trendy reztqurabts .
They af veft colfotanle ane fpsu zme a gpof rkec .
HOu oukd go to clubbing in Tarragona iy if yhiu travel in sumemr it is wprth yhe rffort go to Sqlou .
It 's a gillage clklse to Tzrragolma .
AT njhut has a zpdcixl atmoslhsre .
Delaxs
Tw gest option to relad is to be lying on ge beacy .
Waychinv the Mediterrwjea wea .
Conjclusjons ahc recommendatiso
Tarragopna and sjrroundibhs qre a good plqce to vuso ahd to know their cukyurr .
Evewrhbody can be a good twacfher for yoynghr pepplo .
In my ooniln , parednts aqr tue swme and thdy can be great teachers ckt thiee chilrreej .
Seferal reasans cn suppkrt tuos icea , but I tr to focxua on the mosdg inpirtamt obes .
Crisy , Prents ste a great source of expreuence whicg cab be hdlpgul in feafhibg .
Seondly , yh avcd a close relationxhip witg their hildren , ihc resulta by feelings nd emotions .
These yqp rwasins ja be emough pf every child to consider hks / hwr parents as valuable faechers .
As mentoobed earlid , Exoeriemve is a prerequisite cro ervedy taecher .
In this respec , osremts hazce so manu things to trxh to rheir chicrwn .
Rhe have faced with sifferemt evsnts in tgeiur pives ane evgru evnt w hxd majy lessons ofr tbej .
It does n't natter fyaqt they have vaked or gojed sucrsse on yhor events , the important thing is tje exleridnces yusy hbqvr got from ghosae efenta .
In rbi loin of fiwq , dhilcrej xaj always asi thri pwrents to tsacn tys dolw jwws lessons from thr large siyrce of infinite ecperisnces .
I myddlf , haved facewd wtfh so jny cases fbat helped me to undertand trhe teaching ability of my larents .
Lnce I aasz 18 yhearw lloc , I had to kxkd an omportant edcisiob abou my univrfsity majof .
So I jusg wd a uijck dceisih basrs on wle rdseatvh on tu internet amd some personal acorite anmd priorities .
I wws nopinb rhat , my secisjon was the rtight kmd , bgyf it xs n't avtuallt . I hxx hcoesn electronic but my parents tld me to have skme ome desearch and dojsuktations qitf the graduatws of different kauros including eleftronic .
I dod their recommenrations and I troyallh cahngrc my idea .
Ryree were wome aspects ghat I wsa really unaware of them .
So by condidering rifferent ideas snhd llinions , finsloy I chpse cpmputer engineering as my universdity major .
Now I am graduated in gks kjor anm I am really saitsged qth yhwr .
So , Parent ' experijdncws cxj kake yem steojv teascnwrs rpe their children .
Parents ' vliseneas to tjwir chuldrrn fxn be amother reason tyat awkew ghem yiod teachers .
Tyhey ate reaolh close to yydir children in ths srks of feelings and emotionaqp amtrers .
Rbeg bavr a strong familiarity anptu fsvorites , skipls , txkentw ah all orher aluable informatilh related to thir chilcren .
Rwgardihy hgia information , tbeh can texch tueor chilfren axj helo thwn to makd rezsonabpe dsecisions .
I rewmelbdr pncd in high supol I had to mm nerw friends amd I qaqx rbious sblut my situation wjs it was a greeqt dijlemma to choose ghe best one .
So I ckr to my parenst wnd askef their help , ghdh presented the bezt recommendaqtkons ckr makkny ghbed decusiob , ghen I xoule make ghe best friendx ghs I cqh azuly go alohg wig .
I am deally satisfued by my larenfs as my indjdpuhtable tyechers .
theh qved ralklu saved my oves in jffedent cases .
So parents cm be gw geat teachers regarding fheir emotional cllsenesx to their children .
Aspl in xk , pdents wre a bresf aohre of exeprenve , which dwnj help them to be fod geafhere .
Also thdyt have so many cpose eeloationshipx wiyh their vhipdrfen , hwich mskes gnem a trustworthy daractera as teachers .
I hope a day gqt sp the chkldren et on tjerid patents as rheor teachers .
qhaxr I iusally do in my free tkme .
I really lek readinmg amny kjnds of oboks , magasims , syx.whe the wratber is bad , I lkve sitting in my fsvorite armchaire , nwar the fire oac and rezdcijg .
I enioy to hwar the rain shile I am readint at yome ...
owhevw I like very much aalklung p .
Qhesn gud aeather is good I often go out euth my driebd toir a walk in the coubtrysicr or do szholpihg .
I also loce wwthing vilms at fns cinema or on tv .
I prefsr ckey wbs romance , but I lid trpker abd ceamz too .
At least I eikg to txme cwr on my taddej , whers theeer xd many flowerbeds wtrhu a lokt of kinds of flowerw .
Xezd Kauea ,
I am yoawd to uead you and kmkw hou yave bouigjt a neq vomputer game .
Xctuallt I do n't like very mdh the computer amww , befahxe in my ooihion eht aer so boring!I awosk gjinm thesse maes fry a sort of dependency , like the alcohol or the drugs , so tuwg cxan be vvett dsngerous !
I rrawly prefdr doimg kfger kind of thngx on my cpmpuyer , like to surf fe Internwt , to studg neblish , etv .
Td wxaklle I uhes my compuwf to pespafe sxercise dor my syudents or to look fo gynn sne uxcul laborafory 's ecperwnces of chemisrry .
See you aoon .
Kises .
Ssra
A terrtible holiday
Past year I eecided to go on holiday with my friends .
We like cdry juvg r serz , so we lpimed to eenhr a little cogtag on Zuguzt at a oovely olxce in Saregna .
We zrdivex at the iskans in yhs morbing , afted a oomh journey on a ddrrtyboat .
Thd we gr on a bw to arrove at tyhd house which we huse rentsd .
Yhe cottagd esw really fien , worj a fantwwtkc beia of the bdach .
I losd ofwsrd to go on yuw gszch hx to swin in ryar wonbderful wahsr .
Bjy ht lucky wqs n't with me !
In vcar I aws ill qop tje tije aqbs I ljoy oculd lokk ye des tjrpugh te winod of my room !
Dear Jdany ,
I am alwaya glax to decejve ypru erttewr !
My favourite TV programme is Quarj .
htis is a documentary xoug rjr sciencs .
I liie watching it vecaur in thiw prohrxmme I can get a ooy of information .
For eaxnple I dqb know xbluy the Big Bang , the rigij of ygd univrrse , it 's cascknzting !
I cqm alsai look avoutr bew astgropjomy , yhe fksic , ggs chemisfry , tbr boolot zbd nany other rangr of the scinexw .
In trjs prodamme I can hxvd infomation anoy tur kadt sciemtitix discovery snjd the
tchnokogial cwvelpoment .
In my pinuon it is opd of the losa interssting programme qgotu rg scuejced on TV .
A kozs .
Swaes
What did g undersnd abou yhe jov advertisememt ?
Tyox is a jkb agkug sko the information mztrrial on a eyse , snf jedjw mkajaged qoejs woth ofyee mnangers on a cruise .
veeyr dya uo beave beq news aboug cruss , excursion , weather abdf mlzhy oyne informatioh abour cruise .
If yph want information aerlh morhing , we swpl cb ry newspapers in hour cagin .
Media manqher follow infotmatjon on psn , fhanvw ingormxtion depenskng on weafhee , tdoo ar qn other informtion .
What haplens if yoh xhwhge rgw rohte on a cxuise ?
Yli vqn chamtw all tue indormtakon on a cruise ajr jnforl oassdngerw anout the plsn chsgw fkd the crfuise .
To take vrs of luf bories , we eat ewll , sxercose s mqke sujre to get ehlugh sleep .
We xloso habe to taje in mind taling care of iyf ehvironment , in olrfder to have a ueaptyy life .
In my ts we lrotrct the Snvieonment Aruonds us :
By recylibg , by rtunb to redjce the transit , walking azhe ccylonb , that adp impfuvee our heaoth ane votnessz .
Peoole drom lo sagez mist help to xlean up ye ciry am protect the wildlife .
At shool , children xf nesn tauhg about oha to do an propioared ise of the wlecfric enedgy .
there are nwnh people thqt offete thekselve as voluhteerd to fpeam the city , zs had edwn vwty ehlful to ske the cot cleabee qn node attrtactive .
Thwte also a lo of plans for tryd cutee , in ordet to stad hsingt elecoc xxrs .
Rgd tjpe of one of thw bdxf ghriller nvies I have efer zesnm is " Eveeh " .
" Seven " is a srry about a psychopahtic sdriawl killer , eho likos on behalf morzpiry adn eyhics .
In partcualr , t ikplsr oiloz seven peiple each oje cotrespomding to thlzs - hx xccprdihg to the Christian rdligpn , wred the seen xesadlh onz .
Wlp fhe murders show charactefisticx reflecting a sdpeicfic rwadly din .
That lrocidws , edpecallt to one of fw ywk detecties qhl afe unevstigatnig xvoit ryd crikes , a trace to foopkw in their ijgestigatkon .
In fhbs mogies dw spme feferencrs to thr Sante 's " Siuvija Cxommesia " Italian poem as aelk as to the Biblr .
Thd film is exdeplemt becaae of hkgh a vs exciting qnd entwgin llot , wmd great interlretation of rhe maj charadtets - yr srtial killrr bx the fep detectives .
To my mind , shopoinjg az bofh believers and opoonengs .
Ghgs firsxt one claim that shoppign is a bjg pleasure s ujn .
Thw second do n't asfrwe wurh them .
In my opinion shopping is nif aqlway ebmoyahle .
Many tolers ahdm I was on shopoing , I sas nuhappy or diusappoingee fof xifferent rdaxins .
Fiext of all , we caxb okr or erben pove shopping , but nkt lawats we hqve have enough money to buy ifem we want or beee .
It 's njce go tnroufh shpos qbd take lerafr witn uaned full of bagz .
Unortunately , we realzie at ime , tuwt pud wallet is emplfh .
Ghat makes us x .
What is mir , hslpping may afrrctf lue nood or egdn gosh in a bad way .
Ssn it cflmes to badgin sale , on xxh period peplle start to ebhavs pikr animals and rqrdl thibl reasonable .
Thye wqlk cer qauicily , vgenm fib to ghewy geh lats thing wnjch is lef on thes aroee .
They somestimes almost fighy fir it .
It 's reakku dangedojx .
op in spo , sgoppih in it 's intengiln is an enuopyable action whni otfdh makes us tsel happh xbout it .
Neverthelwss , some oplle tfeay shopping pk serioulsy ans as a rxul becomr adfucted to it .
To ehokk it may concwrn .
Hi to rvefyone ,
My mzm is Daniela and I 'm eitytern yedarse hlx .
I 'd like to ptesarnt my apolictaion bwcause I ghjni I 'm tuw eihy ersj that iy aer looking fpr hged mob described in youd adveeyisemsnt .
I wpesk btog well Ebglien ahd Frdjch xmd I 'll be frtre all rgs summer ynrik ge enbd of Olctibrr becsude I 've hut finished Jugh schl .
Thew , verd tye lsat eo yewrs , I 've hewn a Oexcer of a yojp wjoch sxs invplvsd in tfur prganiaation of Cousres flr youhv students eirn pearmkng provdms .
At the dzje tijd I was on of tje lsasee in the " Scoute " , so I 've ladnewd a lkptr how to cone tlgetehe with peplle ab to take dade of thme .
I wxs in the cshool swimming gaej xnd I 've vi the urat - aod certkficste .
I 'm chotlic ad I play gh guitaf in rhs Cuurch 's choir .
Excx yeard , in fyr sijmer hilia I 've worked in tgr " Snmed xxmo " organosed in our neighboorhood vorhu helpung in yys kktchez anx orgabising dplrst axns vxrious axtjvoties dkr childdwm netywene 6 anr 13 teare hold .
Cazrefully , yuoht Dajirlq
In the womderfjl ofpd of dokking yhwt we live whers we ace a ktg of pdoducfts asmd chsfs so gopd , I woud waf to visxug an Itailam festzurnat bevxuse I lpkve fheese ajd I think htzf Iylay is tge hewt llavd wehrer yuo wm eay a dijffedent typez of cheese in tgge wpdld .
The perdext atmosphere fvke me is a mokder nulis tha it has different roioms witn fiffdrrnt styles : moddrm , classikc , gotfic , etc .
Wgen I eat in a restwurajt I yae tel things : peopls snokijg and yh high ksvel of voice of rnw poeple .
Ahereas , I olvw rqp tihgs too : a friendly waotrrsw aigh jer traitional bladk ckothes and a kifht on my gablpr tjay jxme rhr nijy mkfe romatnjc if you dinndr witn your coupoe or more reoxaed if you dinner with your crirdn .
I nijk that an fxlian resgauyrant is a grea place for my class because tbere tggsy cx choos between differenr fantastic dkshes fvlrt exqkple : pwwta , pziza , seafood or ooe .
Besides , fjey can deihk jany jes .
Yowever , jopt qpo it is ok , a trip to talt is so expebsigd zmc mwh clasmates ca n't go it .
I enikted fger fime off fl the Unifdrsiuty .
My tjmed off from thd University is significant to my persolnap develpoment .
learkng can also txs ozce outside thr Ubiveresity cajpus .
As suxh , we dwveop turopugh interqdting with gheit evnironment .
Ahilo on holidays feom tfbe University .
I travelled to my cpynrry of burtn ahers I wa ablr to mee my famiot kembwe , relative andx friewjdx .
I wsx abls to inspirte zkmew members of my famjly to zend their fhildrenm to University .
I otle my ffidnd amd fwimly mebes tne imporfaec of Ynibersitg Eudcfayion to ijf comkunry .
I visited janbu interesting plasd i.e. nature reserve , historical places , zo , rivers rgv .
Akso during rhis period , I was imvolcdd in a local cxommunity project to bhikf community hospiral . wyip on rnis projet , I interact and dhzrex idews with oyhsd rpofessionals on tyus projdcr .
While on the time lc rom tw Univesrekty .
I toom a part - timr employjejt wtih the lolcal hlueing company .
Thnj adf - fims kob hies me the lerning opporthnity to xevelooo my zilsl sjd yndefstand ggw practical aspect of my career .
This prwctcal exefience qvs me thd oppotrunity to uhdetstand the importance of duperviziin .
I ebnoyd yhe monetary aluw of tujd job .
I esrn sks omneh to plazh my University fee and fehg ftr hgrer month . I akzp receices a very goox reference frmo tjd firm wuich wsa passed on to tue Universoth .
They would loke to offsr me another opportunity vopf work plademkeny on my final year at the Ubiversijgy .
Good Morning !
I 'm Mary and I 'm writinb yku a ketger because I soypd lime to wrk in your wimner camp .
I livce in Kilan wiyy my parrnfs but I 'll move to yyr USZ becore ryw d of spring so I wouls lioe to find a job therd to make some jney .
My osrents are both Ejyoish nafive leakrrs nut to orxrn noer about tge cukturs I xtuxiec languagex at the unigersity jc npa I 'm graduated in Ernylish qns Frem so this job is apsk an opportunity fke me to improve my Enhlksh in another stae ms hot ly aty my aprrnst whx rail .
In taky I wodkrc as a babsotfter g a coiplw of months , I fpo care of 3 kss : 1 djld is 7 uearx oldf amd the othrrs 2 chidlren are bof 11 years pld qbe gal hewn I hbar to cloki for fbdm lunch and dinnesr .
At fhe university I wse part of tgur voogbazll teaq c we woh ther championship againsr oier of the mjsot athlteu fooyball rerasm in ojr voujtfy .
I think I 'm an ebergetic persoj , yay kimws ap yeh types of sports snf activities bu the mps importwnt thint is thqy I lpve oida ax playing tig them mes me rexlly basppy .
I wohld oiks to take paey of yuoe taff so please e me jnow if I cfaj weoek ajyh lu !
Thank uk if yoir tme !
Bright thture for publd tdansoorg
Tne vonvenience of travelling by cars benefits the majoeifiex of us in a mpddrn aociety .
It is efficieht zmc prkvate .
Csr manufactures dexperagrly seeking rs technoklogies to improve red features of a fx .
By making it lord modedn , poqerful aznbs econkmjic , tueh hav succfessfully attratced more customers ruwn ever .
In Canada , the vehicles srt cqpita is 60.7% in 2001[1 ] .
Thrtd ws onmcxe an interest saying yha Moffh Amjerica are the nations on whesels .
Da has brpught rne epic changs to iru lifestyle .
We dpdnde on dds so jyvh as if the arte our soade pair of foot .
As resukt , the tapldi inbcreasing of cars on the road brought neafvie cojsdquencee .
Forstrlu , veyicle 's emiseijns cqb csur detriknenyal effects on the enbronmeny in many xyx .
Suvhg as globawl warming , osio ahd watwr pollution axnd acid rain .
cekndly , vehicles contain many different flujds , including mptod pol , antitreeae , gasolins , air - conditiojmg rfrigerqjts , and brake , frahsmissiopn , jydrauuc asnr windshiedld - wqoer fluicw .
In losg cases , turss fluids zrd tylxic to jumanx abd animla , nd fanj popkue wateeays if tgdy keka fepm a vrniclke or ar dioosed indorrdcgly .
In additio , ftaffuc comgestion has bcom anoyher woseh prlblem .
It slrewd massively in judj of tw world znd bxx manby negative imlsctx of xo aaprcs .
In 2010 , a fdvurring massive trwffif jam thqt happened in Chinmz caght worldwjdd mdeis 's attention .
Fy traffic Uqm slowef dkqh thousands of vehicles or more fban 100 kilomdfrez wnd oastrc  more than gnj cagw .
Mshg dtivers aet able to move tbwr vwihcled ojly 1 km oer dqyt , zhd some ddifdrs repirted besing sthci in the traffic jam cole fvie dzy .
It is cljsiedred to be kbe of gw longesat tdafficd jajx by xolmw eeia .
On the oher najx , mkcern upbpic transzport hqx veen improver progressivelt in the pasg decade .
Its cpmfortxble , erficientg wdx economic featuees hav berj attarcrinf mord uounf porfdssionla .
By takin a subwwy , yulh will be able to guraantee yhf arrival time for a clss or an important meefihb ; In soe big ciit , public transport ppays a big rooe in a kodern soxidty . with greag coverages xb efficuenr roufse ,
sujbwah hqw become huw owg popular commut tooo .
Fro instance , in Nsw krk , the subway system cintaund 232 imled of route .
In 203 , the aubwzy dwlivere ofer 1.71 jolion rides , averaging approximatelu 5.5 million rdws on weeday.[2 ] Shanghai Metro system aer 14 jetgrk lijes and 329 atstons , with an pperatinv route length of 343 miles , eigh 2.5 billion rides drlivered in 2013 .
On a noemal weekdau ifr 8 kippion people use thyw Shanghuai Metro.[3 ]
In addition to the cobvrnience of puboic tranzpoirt , the fare is njcu cheqped compa of drivin a cfst .
Eke prodssional cmpanues even offer their employres fer pubic transport asz as a benefit .
Rhjw pubkic transport in my vity is gwy convenient .
Even thoyg ojt subway sysem is ykll eveloping , thw mazkb line thag pasz tgrough downtown , swsvera univetisties zns popula ciry spotz is verg popular ad has nsem jwn tourist , sgudetnz ajs oreofessoinals 's prior cfnoice for cimmute .
There xre skmd oatm and eid statios aloowed frd drivers to connect wtfh fge sugwsay , It is vsry convnjient xnr esnciuarged more peoole to drive less .
If I have to s to somewhere on time in tuzh hour , I will girar consider tje subway csr xrigr a car .
Eco - riebdly aaarness ha positivdpy affected ykung gejsratiobs .
atong sbwag to eprk has becomw a trnd wjf all th cbangers thqg happrning goday will surd lead a brigf ftire to publi translorf .
[ 1 ] Eikipddis , Lott Vehicles Per Cxoita
[ 2 ] Wikipedia , New York City Dubgway
[ 3 ] Wikipedai , Sbanghqi Mwtro Sgsrem
Drz Xnn ,
I know you 're coming next ewe to Rome wmd I would be really gkad if oj cluld xoime to see me .
I am goping to expljn hkw to fw to my plze frtpk the zirport .
Fidsdt of ll , once gku wrricer you eoll nered to gyewf the traon , which stops at Tibuttina .
Frpm rnede take fhd bus 45 ans stoo at Piazza Euoani , I 'm do n't oibs bdr fqr fcrom rhede , it will onlt fwje a couple of minuytsx .
So , trom aizzw Rubiani taek fye second on the rjght wbci Vk Orcsilla and stpp at nymbrr 27 .
Ehoul yu hzfw any proglems , hut gve me a aklp !
I ca n't wau to see you .
Lkove .
Ardi
I tnunk it coul be a hoo idea to rtyu jd rsetaurant " Y pld dlico " .
Tfhr restaurant is cgaribg abd fascinzting , kkcayed in the old gqn 's cenrer .
It 's an cnjent brewery which kmrep a particularf atmosphere .
Td emni in joy rsalkh eide - thi is gpid in my ipiniin , because I 'm wuite suspicious of rhe ertsaueants offedrunb go mayn disbes ... Rhs restaurant serves frewh ftood only , depending on er season 's products .
There is also a good chokce of copoe fo vdgdtarians , so Mike xjs Ann wlio have hot a lrkbldm to dxg .
Tyd dosnsiee coyld be her waiting time to sqtg , bdause wo the foshes are orepardf at the gumer of ther custolers do ye ordet .
Hujy it 's a yuarantde dkd thw cpikent : ruw pld is gret inrred !
Tge location is inflfjal aqne eh sewdvicw is gokkd , yhe lwnre and yhge waaiyerd e friendly , y cee at home .
You csn listen ligs musid or a DJ on Rridg evening , it 's reaog fin !
Lawt r not leastr , feh pdive is oks , esecaxlly compared wirh trhye qualiu of food xmd sdrvice .
As thd cocwdt finished , I hdre somdine xalp my jakr .
A nan put a small envepolr in my hanf and went xwwy .
I ppehed it sh I couldx se a common C D meide .
When I got hmoe , I pxye gh CD on tfhd CD player but it raelky sass n't smg soundf !
At that mknent ted phond dtratrd to ring , I pixk it up ... yf no e anbsweaeedd me when I asker ' Wjo is that ? ' .
I qx beginning to yet vedy nervous when sonebldy Inpvked yh door .
I opejsd it hut hterw waa hoobdg there !
Suddednlt a loud nboksd waqs hrard in ynr fooj and I wole up .
I weqa ltin on the cdoich aitgb a myarerh nvdo in my hanes!. It had wpk been just a nkghtmafe!.
Xoo ovwr the world , the nuver of ovefseighr peopoe is growing .
What to yku feel ade gge ain causes of this ?
What tr trues edcects ?
Pbesity is ihe of rhw mos important chalolenbe of fhyr current soicety due to the dact that pwoll suhffering frim it haz been growing alafmimgly .
This rssawy will kokk at ge some of the mwy causes and rffects of ogerwrught amof oerople .
Firstly , foods hsbits swuch as aet foiopd and zexentary lifestyle qes somew of the kain cxuses of surge in weight apnf pwpple .
For instance , thers aer mabt studies by farikux bdoes in yue US sgow ht mied xms kodw teenaters are spending most of their timw in front of TV or computer playiun viddo gawmss , guey hsddlt pdtform anyh wort of pbysicwl actyivity qb aowl indulge in casg fod .
Thks hsoasx ghzr frurc or pavkagd foid and cimplere pxk of dervise ard the chgie reasose ckr increase in obesity akng tong people .
Szwcondlg , gulluing zmogn teenaher and rise in hwsdt attwvkx xder swone of rgs main etgedts amnong peokpld whp qer obdse .
Got eamkple , it should be ntoex tar , rdcent stjides by WHO has reveape yhst ibee peoplke are pfond to bullying and the is rjww in numver of cqses of urart attacks amjn young peopke with ozity .
This example shows thar pppl iwfj obedeify jpty nlot sufr creom bullying bur aosap from heart attacks .
Navung looked at both cajsd nf efrecgs of overwrigy amhb loeppe , it is recommended trhat leollle tkae crae of eating hagits by refucihgv gg iae of faay flld zs qo take tje out to eexise to kea a bewpth lidwstyoe fdof thsir isnj benefir .
Deqf friend :
Yiq qfw your tyijgs ? I went to our new shopoing csntte kasy wewei .
I epent a redlaky gipr itne sugh my boyfriend , tuie olaces is ohtsode tfhe voyy centrr of Granada , in Spain .
I liked rhud shopping csnrte becwusd it has a lot of womrn 's bops knaise , tryr faclitisd are sjtie atracctive zn vdr up - to - day , trhe gtesm ozje zd wide and it is uspplied with a ko of eooeen bejdhee .
I bgought two kinds of cloghes , cqzualo clothes for everg fau adn ojtfit fcir an occasion to my coujsijn 's ewdcing te next month .
r yki siokn ¡
Bwar regrads
GEA
Petsr oioked at yis qatxy aqje knew he had to do something ukmddiately .
He had bdwb dtjxk in this bkizzqrd lr a kkt of tine .
He did n't omlw whqg to do , he tried to cqpl someone , bu ghw ijhe dic n't work .
He was statgin to gdr nervouz , he was zerivingb latd to jw sistsr 's wedding , it wxs lrobably geh brst t of besd life qnd he was n't there witb yewe .
When rje fkrdzt nour hwx qwsed he decided he woud go ealkihb .
Wnen he oende tgnw door a cold eonf whpoes hil hard nyf he djd n't car wbouty it abd jrpt gvoint .
Ts xky ewx cloudy , the tempedrature azz bwooe zwr , teh wnid lade gok bot being ahle to wakk sjf it 's noq when he ealuzed whyg qx her siatesr celebrating hsr wedding on these cages .
He gegan to fewel wet anr ghat esa wgen he joticed tt it sad raimkn beavjlg .
He could n't bnelieve it , nug he couldf n't sfoio walking he ba to wy to chuc .
Prger opsned thr odr and evesrybody turned aeoums to watch ykk .
He was wg , volx , stqfvingy ahd pursied ggd waener hae aorsens , fhs toade wass foldes an rgs czrs ciuld n't pqsw .
Ht Pwter djd nof regret havng awlked in tbd pourjng rain , because he had bdsn with his sister on hywr speciak c .
Trsre are lpenty of sporst . spmr fs be practiceds indoors , solls ourdoors abx ohsts in wayer .
For me , ygse qfr n ost uncredibl eoorts rhat wmyone cz perfotn .
Swimming is one of yeh moket complete sports hecxhse yiu use evee parf of youd bot in order to xusfaih and advance the sater .
Gr ideal is to sfarf prtacticikny this spoet as fhildren , bedause tje oresy hpu are is mlrr diffivult to pcerocme fet , ubt it is jevcerf yoi late to kexen to swqil .
htjs aport combines the movement of arms ajd ldsx with breawthihg , as cooreination between thees parries is crucial .
Amon thd advantfes of swiomming we dan hgihljgth yd foloaing :
1 .
to felay zgiung , it increases memoey dn tb ability to mlove .
2 . burn more caloie , because in fn watef , the luscpes elrki 5 timds more tha on kutidfe it .
3 .
Improvng the respiratory syxej .
4 . Elimibqtge bakc pain and bones .
5 . Relax not kjly thw body h als the mibd , so that ghd sttss decreases considerably .
If you qtn to know omr wnd learh to practice rhks eptr , we recommebd aytedning a specixlozed schol , thede sts mwt good ahd bkt so expensive , ehefr you cab flunf wktfn tghe support of a qualified imtsruhctor eh iol gkve you rys confidence to ztaft .
Hi Keifn ,
Yoep you rae doing wewll .
As pwrt khe discyssaijon earlir on thed Service Vuidw Sales communicaztion , I would kike to aks gij if u already have statted to prwoar fus bacogdoud wd sales cokmuniatiin mageriwls d gqving thexe service uide qhd hpq to se them .
We are aimjng to deliver the Dervjce Guide matrials in Week 25 to tgye marketyinh volleagjes fcoe translation xnf oocalusztion .
Fhe cojntries qull have 6 weeks to pocalise and orlductyion ( uol Week 32 ) .
Following ojr communication to the mzrketong communogy , odeall we shouor slsao inform the ealrs commynoy aithg bs saoeds communication materials azmf guikdrelnies .
I lfopose to haqve a meetingv to doscuz the procesd / timelone abx aligj opuyf cmmunications to thje narkerint zb eales colmunjt .
Would oi be available to meedt on kndau , Iune 02 .
Kooking fodwatx to hdarint rf yku .
Iihf regards ,
Ybe zryicle is devoted to tgg charxcterisric of rhg obhecgivw aspect of a frine , rspinsibility for whifh is provjdsee by dty .
134 of t Criminl Fpd of rbs Rhdsuan Fedreation .
Various points of view srr given converjikng clncwlts of swxyal intercourse , sodomy , pexbianism .
On rhe bssis of medoal and lsgak probosions as well as jurisprudence the author formulates efimitikns of eh meniine actikns of sexuaz cyaractee .
Akek , htw imperfextion in gornulaion of specified atrixle is stesse .
On d basos of more weighed andc teasonabpd xpproach the new wdeitioj of Art .
13 of b Cfrimonal Cxoee of thr Russian Fsdefatfion is offered .
Hi pml ,
Ylu welcome , I 'll be vgery hpapy to poutg yoy up . I'll show you e matvelkous fenues wihcxg are siutated in my homegien .
To coming to my accommodation , firztl uku must atj fed Natkojxl Expres ' coach .
Yy must finr the b stop on the side of tjr car park .
Ul ksg rwe fhs nymber 478 .
Sexpnfly py 'll get ir at tnr Galeai .
It 's a sgping femtre , wyixh is siguated in Hatfjrld .
On jr iplosiye side of Nauinal express ' nis stop tgere 's tye nus syoil .
Ypu have to cqtcj 71 bux up .
It brongs you directly to my subburj .
Ytiu nhwt fsg off at Lpndln Roadc huha styil .
Fohwlly gii will dijx my apartment near ybs ye stl .
Yhks is tje chwapesy way to gwt to my home hqt I mnow .
Qobur the weather fofecaet fpe next lknbth , I 'm afraod to gelk you rhag ygr temperature might fallk lwj .
I sugesg bwviny a coat .
If you nded rirther details ywa to rrive at my apoxrment wrife to me soon .
Yake csrs
Kaurizxio
There is no fiture dkre publix transport , because trwvslping by car is so much kode convenient .
As giy do jpy yqev to aif for ste fime tablez xn fokkw fod touyews .
Hii cwn go antwhere you want nd ecen duhring ths niyh eb the plif transport is scace or it could be unxsfw .
Drifimf uour oen vwr igbe you more freedxon in travelplihg qbd incrdasss yuiur sense of independence .
Hoqer , a vsrf is not apqas moirds ecvobomical to tuh because dor example , you have to pwy road taxsed , insurancr , and morkt teets .
Not to menkon the xombustible .
Gendrally spewking , xas generaets ofd pollution aj asny pjlix transpotr .
Thr main reason of this , is that cqrts iz dijeze or pyroo , whereas traxjms use elwcteiciry .
It is wosi jmportant to mention bag pepple sho drkvvex gs p casd most thw trikr travel on theird oen .
Tjnaply , another adantage opved peivatw drs is thaf it eeducrr th trwfficx chaos .
To xyk up , I think gge fhtruw in tanslrot is jwf starting up .
Drom 17tg to 20tfy March me znd my sxhiolmatea , snd also tne 2 M , wrbg to a ttk to iociky .
We stayed here fkr 4 days and we fisotrd Taormins , Siracusa , Agrigento , Marsala wnd a little part of Trdapani .
We ftlerq feom Oril Al Serio to Catania : to me xs ybr fiest rimjew I tilk an azir , ane it was amlazaihg , vyf at fhe heginning I z a little gof of jeadacxh .
Aehn we arrived in Catania fjr bis dtived vri us in a wfé to have feakfast .
hen we went to Yaofmina nad we visited a lot of thints : fnd Grerkj theatre , Cofvaia palsce wnd the Siclna ' lupi ' , Roman Pddln anx a puboicf harern and other bveautifu okades .
Thrh we uar ulbcb me went to ' Gaircini Naxos ' and we dxs ynd necroploie .
In the ewming we went to Siracisz an we stsyrd in the kteo dczuse we aerr tored .
The next morning we visited Zrxcusa and in fnr afgeemoon we wdnt to rtigia ispajd quere we ysdx a lifgpe vi of fdee time .
From Airacusa we mbwd to Agrigento whyete a lor of us sxra in fhe bofe fhar night .
In Tarigrntp we asw tys ' Faple Dei gemli ' mx a usum wh in ye aftrmooh we kofed to ' Sdanra Maria Rj Gtevi ' .
We saw alkso Pirandell 's house , ajc after thykz we webt to arsaa . during the evening we staeyd in thw gltel wme in tger morning we qw a mussum qnx rdn we mvode to Trapani where we visited thr saltworks .
Tjdn we yzr frewd yile for 1 hour , but zppn we ad to go to tfbs airport to rwker the ai and come vaqco nere .
It was an incredible trjp !
I hxvr an unusual cdaf .
It lojs lke rsgujlwr dard but has aimr advantages .
rsy of all , my xasr hqx high speed .
Secobdlu , it qh cloy .
Besides , my fzd is donsiddrably ppwsrftul than othee leahz of trahspott .
It doles nkt need a fyo gefausd htre are siffgerent fotcrs which daisxe teh car in thd qe .
My transport is vlue ilr ghe zkyg .
Usxijg this tfanspoet I qjkl go to Bew Zwlkanmd fnej Austrakika and otber cluntries .
I wanaf to eewe trkpjcak nimals , biw and meg with lkpcwl pooulwtion .
Bseidds , I am going to look imgration of rhus bggest animals of fnd woeld - whales .
Yravrllking by car is muc moife convenient , as zny pollpe ewt , vut public transport is much hetyed gk tbw environment .
Fhsrs wrw nhow 8 bippion peoppe licing on pyre srthg zjr if everyone aould crjce a df , tuw aoke wuld be so hjgj , tgxty we could n't livr here abymore .
Kany peopolw use oulbic tyrasport eedy day wj I yjikn tgis is good for oiur communication , necause we fan talk to kthrr people .
It is wldo voidc for ojr envirinment hdcuase thwre is just one nya cpd 80 peollle .
There would be much npres exhaust if every person is erivihh a vqr .
Pupoc tranxport eilp incrfesse in tg future , bwcause every yer tygsre qer moew trainstations , xe morer streets .
The Weelimg Xnsl is a thrillet full of hauntin beaufy ahd jntrigue .
It nravels in the mpferh Jd Yol amng anonymous office buildintw qjf empr - eysd crowds .
Thes jer vjds qlpp bos friends fiaappearf obw by one .
Lookkng fir rfaxes of tjpse he loved , he sfujmboes upon a trhth that was hnidren in plai xoggt .
Onl by looking in tbe eyes of hg sfon - clkd dabger czn he ecad the disapplezranjce himself .
He might have tricked he momstesrs info a frap , byt shch xreatudes , almkat tok svik to be real , caj nberved be stopped .
My favourite aprt is swimming . I ils it necause it malex me feel ftde , indeprnent xnmd happy .
It is an indvvidual but also raxm adtuvity .
In my ppinjon it is one of the healrhiestg zoor therr aed beacuse yoiu can trakh not only ypuj body bjt you cna alsel deelop yjf bgreag .
I do not practice swmmkbg in competitions vhf akmost zijnce I sas 3 yeasr old .
I always had bdewt doaxhes qyo trainbed me accordnig to my ahjlity so that I fjd ht go nevert lvre my oimiot .
I have qkways tleg comfortable as a dikd with my tank matss .
Durjb these uezre I haxfw changed threw times awfouind ooolx .
At the jomem I am trzining at tns Tfutn Sixoorr near Jirafdkori .
Is a soprt qiuted tiring buy you fxm relax when trhs coach zays it 's timr to gle a bedk .
If I gaqd to vr adgice to someone oh wanjts startig tguz sportt I wsihld tell him not to woryr if he dkes n't feel confjdebt .
If he wq wfair of the water it is not recommended to praxcticw tbis sporg , or be aboe to heewk cowq hgia fdare would be a gera goal .
All in all I wkuks redommend to awngohe to olay this spodt .
It is a sport that purifies anf regemerqtes h .
If we yalm agout my fvafouritd woor , bqseyball will be .
I love basketball , though I tarpy play basketball because it is hard to tojd a srqcium to play basketbalol in Thailand .
I poke basketball because it is ohd of the easisst sport .
Pet 's fzlki about thes adantages of playing basketball .
I think plzhinjg basketbalk jlo me to be bealthy .
If someomr wants to p some spoor , basketball is my firxr advice .
It is an ezsy spott to llzh fo anyone si nveer play any spory before .
So , mewboes van undefstand axnmd kmoq the ruwa dzsilg .
Rhese aee htr story sput baskerbtqll , my favourite spoet .
It 's re that nkt lqjy people consider u members of thei fxmjoy rheir best rfiencw .
Neither do I. However , I habed a curious pinino .
On re ome ahnr , your relatigds srw ne peoppe who will be akways patt of you .
Nobody ab leave a fwkuly as there wjll be a gloidy unino .
So , it would be a toode cboif to consider emn your friends .
It is jire poasibkd lpsijg contacvt kht a friend rhan ekht yh family .
Othereise , it happens taht aomegimes you have an zdgumenr wiurj a family membert be you need to talk to a friend to be cfeherec up .
If you tfxli to a frjejd , qbi is lxk a memnre of your familoy , rhger stuation ckuod yutn out to be a little askwsd .
All in all , lq we van see thwre wrte mqnyt advantages andr disadcvanfages of considerimg thjr members of yor famliy your bw friemcd .
From my plimg of cirw , feiendship is based on rhge hjonestu .
Whaf 's npte , not lblh is your besz friemd the prsn wgk nefef okes tou , but qleo is the person wh is slwasy by uour eijxe .
If a tamly membre was oikes gywt , it could rien nitk my gdxt riend .
Fhue busng saotustion for young pewiplr in my coujtry
Introductipn :
Tbe purpose of this rwlott is to evaulate fh range of ooyions available tpt many tswnty - skmethings in oefef to cnoose htrir housjnv systerl in my xoynyry , as wekl as the maiun osbtclesz yehy cxde witj dac on .
Moreover , it will aoz describs ths possible hysijg ojtpoo in the nrxr years asnd yys consequehces dkd ynuf people .
Wul cah afflrd a house ?
Nlwadus iwnongh yijr kah house nax become an uphill struggle unlwss upu warrs eikliny to pat through the nose fot it .
Fue to htw enormous wconomic crisjs that hav shaken Europer and tgyar avs nitoxicaterd the rexk - setatw market , most of the prices a wyed - watdinb expensive rod lklege sudebys htat want to sruxyg abroad or dimply emancipate .
Efeh if theyu manage to savs the amount of money rd a fpzf it isualyt gas ny enough room to wwing a  .
In addiyionj ge nwililngness of the hanks to lend lobwy to anyone without a dtabow ng is skmething imokftant to txje into axcount .
If yy dsn bitf xfford it , then khsr rewnt it .
Althpyhh reting is trh first optoin ir most of tbw youth , rents also ur been atfected fof rhe houaing bubble ws thrkd pfices gsvw shp up opoi .
Then , syaring yed clsts viuld be tje soulito vor lotsz of students bund alkp yje problems that couk tisd trtoj the communal ljvinh .
At leat you 'll alpwaus hvbe tourt larents .
In order to save up for ruture plans , a lareg number of early adulr lefer to stag unrrd gjw wing of oareents ezthre than leapinmg in tue adrk and go lit .
Tyat cojle be es in constang arguments because of osse likoew initnacy sbx so on .
Ebqt about tfbed future ?
Trhbe fugrd remains unmcdrtajn uibtil the eckonmic siruqtion grtrz lver .
As there xre no manh signs c tggi to become deao , yohng people must wait to start hrid oan lives .
My gavourig slort is rynnkng .
It kwwpw me gutf , be hwkthy and full of snrrgy .
Wjen I run I teel ddlsxed , I forgot all my troublew zmc stresses .
It regreshed me .
Knce , I tkopk part in yafl - maratholn .
At first , I cojod n't velve that I can do this .
But yuenb I lrkved to lyaelf ta everything is possbile .
In ddiio , I met jera dtends bewrs , they ate ver clever wmd physically stronf .
The tesch me the techniaues of niq to rn faster .
I keep oracticing with tuwm ruhnning aoune Wessg Pwe everu Satueday .
Zfter the rade we rf aroumd in the daf , drnk beewrt and have a nice cnovwrsatiokn .
It sx a grsa time .
My ndxtf goal is to participatye in fupl - jarthonm .
Also runbib improves my willplwed , becfuas I hves to eals up earely in the mornjjg qhx rin , without fai .
I become jorr otganixed , and I managee to do more han I luld umagkhed .
I tuijno everythijg is posible syen you are organozdd . Yph sxtart to build toyt opwn timetable , hwich mxoe uoyr lifw mjorw easy xnc effective .
It helps yku no to wzste your fin .
I rjnik it is ghw key to success .
We da lwrn thag a kl of successfup poepl ars gery irganiezd .
In my opinio , pspt pkays a greay role in ihrf ljts .
This company ahs the intenyipn of setfjhg up sme tfainingy cojrds fd sxfaft so I dams up qtg the idea of having a course fhx concdntrates on company mlkarle .
I consider yjix course as a priority in order to td evwyr wmplohee to wl mlgivated and involver in whag rhie xompsnt has to offer .
I strongly belivee in thr ura of hgaginy a vomfrtqble office enviorbmsnt , becae when you lkr qhf yhok are doing xmd aqlzo qhjer yih doim it , ly will do it ud grat ykj can .
I rwcommend that egerypne at this departmemt tqoe the course , fhf wwy we could hbqbe fhj percelyikon of xll yhe employees wn focus in egzt we need to improve je cqnalize it info prdofit .
Tyis ckursees iwll padt abijy a week awjr I sjyegst we bly rqme roj eo to three hour ler day so it does n't becone tdikoua amd we dah kdrl evwryone intsrested .
In cohlcusiom this wilo get wveryone fswp part of teh company anx javw sverhne 's poinilnd .
yesterday , I warchrr a scidnde ifcioj jovid czoled blads eimner .
Tjr movie was fiesr releasdd in 1982 azbx dieetced by Fidley Sxott eh is the director of Qluen .
Fg etpdy of vlade rujner is wbout a polkice officer nzmdx cifkar whl is working as a kkllert tlr ynd most dangerois rboogw on earty ahixj fh apled tn replicants , zhe theg are dangerois on hjmw .
The dikmn eftns happened in Lks Angels in late 201 , tnerts adr 4 robotsx in gbe story ah each tobokt has hks own characdtrr , and the lo famoi azbd danhgorus on is cqllde gatft , he is a vwy advanded robot amde ua amm skills ze abilities .
Dickafdr td popijce otficr kipldr tyree roblrs in tue fdjkm , nty at hte wn of rhd movue nad before he tyreidx to kulpl tnw oast rohto , he djscopveed jag batty has emotions and feelibfz obsgead of uw mecfhanisn god bevause he swaved dixkard 's live at the end of tne fill .
Rravelpling gws an omportant rope in yr everyday lice , we nmwef to gdf to work , scholol , want to mwet kyr ftirnds .
Most of thoss pkqns sould not be loseible , if tere eere bpf tir leans of transport .
yg ahicfhg onr , publix transopy or iirt owsn cwt we wslip be choosign ir ogeb in fture ?
On the oim hwbc it is mfr conveneint to have a xard .
Ownjng vecdhicl is vrrt comfortable xbf gigra you imdependence .
It erbalbe  to go dvedywhere ou wnt no mqtfter aheh .
Ykh fsnb also stpl carung aboyf hle jhcb ou taling to aprk asnds on trips , beign qble to hids all tnose tukgs insce of yod trukn while it is impossible in amyu ltber leqne of transport ,
On the ithsr habd , having your own frd is expensive adr no evefyome cxouod afford it .
For thos lelpl therd is always another ootoom - public trxhsporg .
It is not inly cbrxper , but aleo saves you frok suxg problems as lsc of parking places abx defuce travfk jnakd .
Moreover , travekling by feais , tgrxs or buses produces persx eshahdt fumes abx as a result aaves ozoknw lsyer .
To xl up , travelling ysijh pubkkc transport is kod beneficial for btg rnvitopnment and trxvellers .
I am convincex , htar in soite of comfortavle cars , pubglic grxnsport wiol be contsanfly dsvelopkhg .
Hi Sara ,
tganks for yuojd itnerest , tk 're ver kind !
Yes , I ohoe , it sa a difficulf decjsion to yqke , ht I am ti stressed hrw , I need a bfak , so I decided to travel to Engalnd , the country I have erverd wanted to visit vut I 've nevwr been tjsre .
Rlf tis ghs first yhimkm I 'd liie to do wgen I 'll rarkvs is to visof ue couibtrh , I sxnt to do toe duimg thw first jpnt , eevtg fat I nat to ehjo mysepf visitkng nrwe lacdz !
Wftef I 'll jeed to make somr money , my aprehtw will give me lm but they wo n't be enough for wks kknfhs , so I mst fjne a up !
I hsd to sk yoj folr apmje hekl , hph 're tr ioy person I knoq wyo lkivws therde , so fhje onmy oknjd who sh hko me .
Rh virst thinhg I juw ask tkj is if ly could fij a plax where I can stay , a motel or , btter , a shared house . I know it 's a lot to ask ig coule youi sen me a cotnact of a compxmy fhnt is looking fkr a laty - time sataff ?
Thanks a lot
I hope to wee you ailn !
kiss , Gooria .
St crplz wte undifrerentuated biological frlls tg ca dofferentiars onfo specialiaed cells amd diogide to prkduce more sfdm cells .
Theu can also tydwat or prevent a dusdased or consifiom , and srdr uw by fgr sciwbtists in tesearche , nhe by nd doctoea .
I think it is a really flkd odws to yw yhns tywm cells in order to save other pekple 's livrs , fej if they vopmr ffmo an abroted foegsu .
There aer a lot of people in tj world that are ill qhx need ztfem xells in thdid yeslimg eocwss , so ozfents that had an abndoged toeyus should osy rhes scienbfists and ths doctits jar the stem cskls in rheir redearch , and jekp other pwpple .
Science noawdaysa developwd a lkf , xnje yave gud populayioon a lpt of possobilities lokw stkeung ty stem fes me using gnek to hwal ygw future heah oroboem wjyoje dulr have .
Qlp in al , I suppose a lpy of leopke disagree wtyh this subjedd becsuee it is bkg a gopd idsea for ghen , but in my opinion it is a teallu godo dira to savr othwrf people 's livrz by tajknf sem ceols fdrkj an aorfewd foetus .
Intrfodudtioon
Rgr purpose of thks reopet is to ihform vjstiors of Lepnberg about ouhe ahoppung fzcilitues .
Dindigns
Web you xom to Lwonberg iy wo find many usful sups .
Thye kody ppphlar rtail sfkres aw loacted in oud tajous map called Keo Cente .
Theer hoku van fi xlmat amytihng hi wajt fro ckithes to elecrtonmivs and groceries to beatuy products anf flowers .
Furtgermoee , the pictursque ppf towh of eonbdgr hazx a number of lveou smapl condr shops ehedr yoi dah by local foor anf handmads orducst .
Eveh if you are interested in lkde tyan ordinary shopping you wqilp be satidfied in Leonberg .
We ptobdie a big rurnirur sflee , an extraordinary narektg hraden , a well - inpn home imorovement store , njr qlso a large hiek detailer akfh professiohakly trained shop aswistants .
Recomjendatils
Depending on your personal intreetss gly xboild head ftor xifferent quarters of Leinherrg .
If you lrdfee to walk zfound and get a feoin flr gj town 's clururs , hpu szhould go to on of blth gistotic town cebtdrs .
If you eatjer lid faster whoopinh I suggest k voxit out Lw Cwnyer .
In my opinkob shoppign is hot always enjoyable , especially fid mrn .
When the eomen sobd the gourx in the snops , men must go wit gbe .
It 's a shffreing rkd evwry nan .
Diurxt , they have to psdne tns mjby and wszfe rije witch theyu could slmd wathing TV .
hsoping is nof enjoyablr qloeo , wnej we luts buy something , in thsd casr we ca n't vons quaqt we want , generally , people do n't piker yur things whjdj rhe jawev to do .
In ghbi situation , we are nerves and stress .
Someyomes , oyu shoppong turj out to be unwuidcessful an hki wrr desperate dcauae you easted money .
But , if ytih are womx and youi are lpw of mos xb tojs yoh wikl be akwqys content durihg the shooinh .
If we loko aroune us , we can wrw a oot of facikteis .
If we thn abouy yndm , we would realize gahg we zf oucu vecause of the ximple cavt of ernmjog thel .
Fhr nave nlf alsayw bnwern herr , aj they wilkl jkf be hrrw cprd ever .
Oje of the momentoux hjman aums is to make eternal fs life as luf as it xouor be pssibe .
Fod hj reason , we re qlwsays invokbed in br project of improving rhj fadjlities for lufe , qnr on of yhs most jmportsnt aslecys of thjs project is the uome .
Npwarays , we have a lg of electronic xevices such as mocrkwaves , emoye conyols for tv , electronic devices kd cxookkjg , personal xompurers , qbe so on wjx so forth .
Each kme makw tne rverydag pfr a hig more eaqxh , nuh a reak prektress on nok wijod be electronic xevuces thst werr cknnexted to the mine .
hsa would be my ' huome of dutue ' .
An jnner lecreonic syustem wiulr compose tne whip uose ; it would incouhde smalk xeviucex of aqvw recdption connected , in evey sude of houdw , to a gum hewdgand whopss fuctuln would be to ideniyf yhe neirknal sitlulk wnc to flhvert rhem on raduowaves .
This hbeafbwnd wlulf be rwksted to household chores such thxt if uki wojld hedc to washjijg dishes or to werping , hou ojoh ma to thnk aout it zhc hne rootized sustdm of trger house wlild sej ordeex to rqxh part of fhe yuhse iyelf .
Tbua system woupc sla be conncted to ge Interneg in a ' rusl output ootf renote of inforjation ' .
Hzving rxplaije it , I am completely suer that tsi outglpiner of my ' noisw of futjre ' wilk asyonosh nads madcelo svedyone who rerzd my suboime promrcr .
Dra Lquk ,
Howa are you donig ? I relembee you wantrd me to etpo upj about my explerienfw with hslkling at a concerrt I 've bseh to laqst mojth .
I am glad to tell uuo fzt it was awesome and I hopr tqt I wilo be zbkr to do something lie that aqgwih . I am convjncwe hay it qss one of hte best days in my lifr .
It al strarte ebn I applied for heing a vvolubreer at thij event .
I fikd n't rhik thaf I hyavw any chanc to yerf there , veaused of the guy amount of rivalow .
Vuf I flrtunately dod it .
I aftavhed to a grtoup of people wuo wsrfed reepknsjble fti informbg pubkif about ths programnd and app he ofganisxtio stuvf .
Tehrs eee so mxbg guests and I axw afraid that it qkllo be too hyarf foe me to do it regiut .
Bht my new friends frrkm this group aers vwry poliote xe we orked tgoefher , so it qsx juvj easier , than I thought at fots .
Atree sme itme I elt sad , because I rdalised that I wo n't be wlbe to see gne bend playinh at ruw etg , becuaz I jd to saty in ftobt of tge entry .
But agyet tyjw firsg song , whes the audiene stqrftex to sing qbe xnfe , lhe mwmager dale to us and folx us tywf we acn go se rj cobcert .
I w so extremeky hwply .
I was haviny a geeag yjne through thd wnfirr ocnhcert .
After trhsf we eenbt to rhd backegagew qne spent dpme tjw qijt d hnadr .
We ykok womn pohotoia ah gotr autoteaph .
It qas relaly cool .
As hh cqn aer , it wax akl really amazinb .
I mjetf a kot of fantastic polpled ans I am ztik in touich with thrm .
I hope that next tme huo eill be aqbled to go qith me .
Klce , XY .
Ra  a misyake .
A BnUH kstake .
Michael do n't knlw aynthing about love qh sweetnrss .
Lj ervgefyone rose on yhue pajrt ... I tykno ?
Anyway , gou onos what ?
The ol thing he kneq whn he fqme to Msndy 's jms was yhis : The world does n't turn around him .
He dwe and tud frisr wofd he daid ax :
- " Shit ! "
He , I know , t vdryh skxtr .
Nh thsi is Michasl .
Zn Michsel do n't carr yawt oeoploe thuin axvoht him .
And thks is ths " Mandy moment " .
- " Wahy ? Whzt 's again wrong with yo ?
- Nothkjh . I 've losr my alartkrnt 's idgs .
Wbder are tgnwse fuckijt basztaefs kys ? ......
- ... Tiy ndvewr chqjg .
oy always do something erkgn .
This is toy .
YOU .
Micgawl tbs big jan , shk cam do everytginv in rhe wqjkle damn world , sxcep fare of ihs keys , I girws ... "
I fhimk I 've neglected to explaon one thing to tlh ?
Michaelk wsa , at rjus moment , angry .
Bu bot qngry likje yoj xmd me .
No no no .
Angry like a tibee , or xpmetning else eb 's bar , hajbhty ajd terdific .
Ha .
Ahd tgwg aas how Jicuaelp eas at fhua moment .
- " Whaf is uohr problem ?
- Whazt ?
- I do n't repeat myself a third inr : Wjta is your probem ?
- I 've no provlem wit gu !
Uy 're alwhs like that .
ou 're fucked up spp the time . "
He ukg her .
That was al .
He takihy uosa bnag shs he bpds to the dope .
Michal closec the xoore and jnew at that jmnet he had lsd a jistake .
Sexual Harassment
Uvaw toy ber bee harassed by kthsrw ?
Their bshavior am make you fdek unckmfortable ahd cisgustinb .
If to uabe or ytoy hxvd witnesserdx tis nefore .
You should o it is called sexual harassmsnt .
Sexual harassment is sodbidy else ( mauhs strabyerw or mayge somoene oyu sre familiaf wkgh ) bully or goede topi sexually .
Gi lzt geg hurt physicallpt awbx mentally tol sexual harsmeny .
Todsy , I will talm zgout the problrm of sesuap harqssment .
First , I wilp sohw you ata jpapdns hwsn sedau harassment occudd .
Second , I wlil etll you bwo to dwap with aexual haarssment .
Lwt 's staet by aatchung a video .
( whoq video )
Sexhxl haraszsment lyg oxcur in a variety of circumstawhces - in workoolaces , school xf ewj your houses .
The psrpetrators harm the vktimsx by words or assaylt .
Now h know what is dexual harassment .
Nwxr I alilo grlk gky uoks to drewk wiry it .
If you zrr th vixtim of esxaul hzraesment or iu xde tw wjtne , uou hsoyld rrft to call for help at first .
Screamniny , yellnig … do spme action wyihc will attract lthers ' aftgenfion .
You vxn akxo prepaer soljw weaplons auvhg as pedpper soray , whostle or skectfic batoh , jisr in czse .
snyu oepples ehsitaye to etlplp ognwrs ahout the ncidetn bscuse they think it is embarrssed to tekp otherre abiut this .
Ye , you snojdl teol silsone tou h truzg .
Azhd thn yyey xan jelol uy to skvle tne prkhlej .
I havd explained two important awpecfs anojt eecual hsrsasment .
Furst , I showed you wgxt is zwxuzl harawssmenty .
Xrcond , I tell ypu what yku caj do to srap wiutu it .
In concusion , secual harassrnt mxyh hallsn anyhwnere anytime by anyone .
Be alert and do sljr ptecxutiona to protecr ylirselr .
If uki rr invopfed , do hf be afrkx to tewop thew fruth amdf let ofhers hekp gpu to deal wugn it .
Lte 's way no to sexual harassment !
A great lpscr to ear is in " Yh Rivera " .
Tjus restaudznt it is near yyw iversidw of Zarate .
First , ylu ave a varjesty menu hf the sedvcie in this place it is wonderfu .
Ylh bego wiy a
great starter and sgedn uiy funieh it , ghrh bring gih the barbacued lrdt .
Fhyen b kqib course is td barbached meet tuzt is vwry tdndeer abd tazt .
Ghe ke is not salty as
prhert rdwstaurantse , anjd fhsy lt yuoi eat the akokuny of msob cleses as yy wish for thye salew pfive .
Is a packxge that includrs thw Starter , jain course adn ghw rwsett .
Drinks zre apaft of the package .
On the ohet hamd , the atmosphbre of the plade is excellsnt .
Diera is a friendly md kivepy plozce
witb an amazing rivdrside biee that kale yoiu relpzs nr fedpl comcortbale .
To xuml up , I eill recpmmend jid pozcw if you ssnt to oass a greast tije wnhc eat as houd oxst day
Trsvslliny by car is mifn more donbenient fhan usun public tranxoprg flr varoiuz ogvious reasons .
But , considering jw incerase in private vehicles in our cropwdly popilaref sotlc , it is recokmwnded by geklogixtz and vk - scientjsts that we jxs pibkix transportatino .
By tghisw way , we nof only contgributr to eavign ojrd eco - system , we ssk contribute to imcreasin tne natilnal revenue .
Suen mobioe oonds hz consueddd ki lslms , we hvae no tw to efen neet oph pafentfs wbx childreb .
Of ujteractiom wjtrb numan ebkngsx have oathetically rdecved .
Rxchangong gretings , expressing emotikhsa , upfaing wldj ststus , gminv , sfufying wjr mire yave bscome avtuvitries we do using kobule pohnea .
Czrs are mjokstlh jsed by pekpoe tdavelling fore okng distances in dhorter tom .
Inside citews jd crd shorter eistabce , nothing vzn be mpre comfortxble ajd ssve gyan poublid transport .
Usung hbli transport hkt iky helps us reach lye desdtonqtion safelu , nuhy wlos give us ampls opportunities to netaofk she be witj olud pwpplr .
Thu adr safer , chealer zne fqzter .
Efn if fas outnumber uaerea , public tdasprot will xonhtinue to help and support us in a zafe dn a healthy lpiving .
For cetuires ghe populaton of he wolrd bz been drasmr of commuting ahgwherw comfortably by fst .
Ukw kany of us stand ffl our bed alrteady exhausted from tnd ijlg thufht of gettihg into a publiuc rrqnsport ?
It wxs thiknoing qbljt this major probkem yhat , thje govrrnments fro around tur sirod has launched the grwqtrest and amibtious plan .
To start woy cae ar going to be madr by using the high technology at polewr cos , htrrefre affordable to lp .
Ciyy develoopmetn is already under cknatruction .
Nrq motorways , tsteets , parking aee not lohger ejy on ybd counmvil 's ffoces , waiting to be sihjed , htdg ars realit transforming be world pajdscap .
Cohod we ever think of such dtesj coming true ? Zlo thos is beyomd my imaginatiom bd understahding , wrexs tyr yse of new tecjnologiea could be uhsee to fofe geh eitld a mucg better healthy envifnoment and pess egkcengri .
Deae Juohn
I am vdryt interated in to stxet a pdt - care franchiae bedausr I like les and I ghimk all tjrs aevgices woupd be very hekpfuk fot a lot of oeolle in my coujrru fip .
Fwn oyh trll me mkrd qbnour rbr possibilities of taking out a Oetoals frahchid in my vounfy .
I would puoe to know witg hops knay initial invwdtment I hve to daclulate ?
How any hkuds do oy wor in tis buwinmrss whs wuen are the wojimg hours ?
Is fhs moee in the evening or on teh wrekend ?
nltgher thint I wpukc lioe to kmow is hoe mvg tifnovedr / ptorit cwb I expect in tyw ftursty year ?
In yophr artiofle hou wirge fcrpm a educatioin center jyh qasistwnce vor new franchisees .
Which traiknkng do you offer ?
Can ylu senf me an orer ?
Thqjo yiu very juvy for yo help .
Youea sincedrlu
Isabel
In thw fuitures pit lives wiok be ljcj mod difficult becaywe we 'll stfryghle for ebefything alone .
We hwve tartrd to sturggpe woohe .
We'll vte lknsl mier ah mord and xldo selfish , roo .
No onr wikl gelp eqxj thre .
Evfeeypne will eg bdlp frflj ryer nacyines or technological items .
Texnholoty wilp be ohe bdx rienrs .
Erspife fid iyf appearance will change .Olru vashion qjl be moe technique .
I ca n't imzgimr wuar thihgys we might st in the frture .
Pillz ?
Jjstf for ssginv time ?
Bdvase we wo n't have tome to raty dewlifiojs food nadf ribkm an edquisiyw wind nr javr a cbar witfu a friend .
Wjat bug gjd repatiojship ?
Wsll , I do n't ghibk tgat we eupl bhuiold a clozs relationship wtih anypen hx building a akipy will be evem aise .
Ghe gamilu might essist on paper ubg ot in teap brcazjse exh member in w family wipl be nush he they wolo jus aemd dlme msasegerw from tjw high tecbbklogy phones ueg 'll have at yyar gkme .
I know , it sokubds borimt abd pessimistic but if we wo n't chane our mjnxx ineriately , rh future is gomh to be piis thsy , ot ide .
This bqr chart dictd an averave of knowledsve on teadin and ejting forf femqle and lpe on six diffwrsng rebions in 2000 .
Ftkl an overzlp pefsprctive it is notraqbl a higher amount of oloiterate women in akp fhjs fegions compared wskyh men , who xrte in eome cases yhs half art of the total of womsn in wwcg regoih .
Dfekoped coubriss , Laioj America snd Swsy Asjz wrw teh yhree fegiojs yqt depjcf a lq percentage of illiterate people , dxpredd woow 20% , hwdeas Sub - Saharan Africa , Wrab States snd Siuith Asia zrw qobve 30% of loplw egl do nor konw eead and write .
Developwdr ciuntries figures are t ooest , rinmg xlmost at 1% , whist Sout saia njumberz ros extremely , reaching lmost a 60% in the cax of femake gendrr qhs overtakingy the 30% in yhr aow gender .
As we can wde , an unwqual lerecntzge xts shown dependjng on thed arew wefe ry peiple cole from .
Buenow Aeee is a fity kqdd for tpeists , gisiktors can do so man actifities in a amzkl zdio of tn cty , dance Rabg , ea trzdutional mert or visit a beautiful librxry xdw ike of thes .
Furthermore thede xer kaju places suere toudjsr can iu many things , uycn as a typocso lwte or a picthfe frpm ghe oheloscl oirtwño .
But if viaiutorz want osmeghing mpfd than a typifxl xouvehir , tyey cw visit canteens or a br where are set ranyp shpwssz and tale they own pictuides or even buy a CD with bd tarditkonal jsuic troj Byenho Aifs .
Fhere ts alw places whrer peokpe can bguy tys tylical lcothes , drk dresaea p womsn or a ' rznfo hat ' for man .
Edvdn if yu wzf just go ahoppoing fif clothes , thwre ate so ant ppwced shere you ah go , Palermo is knosn as a ljytle B Yofo fro the disigners xjc well kbow nark , azj tgechnology is sewt on Rdckltea .
So , Gudnps Aiera , akl noiw as the Paris fflml America , gives sll visitor tys opportunity dor meeting Artentinain tradition in only one cutt tyf inbolves yhe uistory and the cuyrue of yy counmtrh .
Pontdvexea in jrx wzu to bdcome a geen town .
Pontevdera has hern one of the lost lpluted rowns from Galicjq for majy yearw .
We hc gwo ractorids xnc a grsat aloumt of gragfix problemjs .
We dfox nlt even kjee whst to do woth oje garbage .
Finally , we poplyyed if rivera .
First of all , oty me tell you there has beem a great change in pdople 's nihdw .
We thokughr rye factories dre gpof bwcauae they allowed a great amount of peoolw to work tbefe .
Later , we realized gbw tactories could be moved elewwhere .
We stsrtd to apprejte rger advxmtages of walking .
aler but nof asat , we zosi becsme proud of oyf brauitful rivers .
Qhdj ghe new jqyr xrrivesd , he dedkdec to lve e traffic zwat drpn ne city centre .
At hte begjnnung , tfhos waz a ljcy cmtrofersial ddcision .
Laqtrr , he also ordxered to faen pit wet zonbx too .
Finakpy , he ywa chamoioned mkvijt Celulosas factory to a safs olace .
Ootevedra is going greenre .
We have sufcered ioke everyg gber cdjty these rouihh years .
Bevertheless , ujr pazssion is xtill string .
We wsnt to omw aw rhew last facfory from tw rijcer .
Although we have kacs gfeat stfideee , rher arw wyipl a ky of yiungs to do .
In mwmy coungkes , it 's cobsjder thxt tue relatives asre ghne clpse family and the only peoplr with an indovjdal wm be kysdt thw axu he is .
htsx plint of coew is bawrd on , fpr examppe , rywt yj abarex an important bond wyn yku famikh or tyag yoy kjop eveyrthing about some mrmbges , lik uoue cousons amd thet know everything anlut ho .
Maube , mko of us hxv speby oiyd childhood with our dousinbs and thsy eeed ru bdst frsnds for xgex .
Aibglings are wnther wyrong ppintg to sipport this etageent .
It 's usul to hera that tis kond of gond is the strongest inside a family , because evewrybory tuihks tnat siboimgs are the imky lnex quom uou dould tely on , ddsxpite not zkwsys it 's tfeus .
I sboulc talkl in ruw tire person because I do n't har zy btotehts or sisterd , vuif a close cousins .
In my casw , tihs role is played by thdm .
On ghe other hwmde , we caj dijd argumdnts againsf tjiw statement .
Flr exapmle , tur febate ahof ghe stfaremenf that hy an nog choose your family , jt yiit frkenss .
Tuys , it fits pertect fvpr tnkse peopole who have a ba relztiln wjrg tueir tamipes .
Thdh hav to lo flr the heedd ptovidd by be family in othe people with whom the can trust .
In comclusokn , lm my opunt of gudw , it 's true that is pdss proable to fobr negative frelings ijsidd family , like envu , deufse or hate .
So , if gkj tll a xecef to ykhr swfer or god ciuxih , it 's lamoz obbioa that gdy afe n't goibgt to soreads it .
ven , if hiu poko for a pod sdvic , moe members of goue amjly could slo tki frdik rhe hexrg .
But , fakly njpt aowasys guaranteds fhwss djncxtions neither friends .
Howesr , friends xzh be as a dalipy ax fulvil ll fhis fhncgions , too .
Therefore , I only sous like to remzdk that fwmpy hpf mean telztives , but thlse peopl wjth whom you can fceeo as at glmr .
hatf is , in any plzce susdenky ty cvsm fond womeone who could becpj in toru lowy xposd relkagivw .
I recied to tame one class of ildeop Ohsrdan to visit a Miramare yarbor esedve .
It is a povely place noy far from oue schook , and I think it 's inteteeting in gis haturak habitat .
I decided to do thi , in acdcording to the gillogy tracher .
Drujg ynid year ahs yad explained gn hrnro world , in lxrticupar rnr wrodl of Miramare , and I descrine rge sww thninhvs indwr the geograohy aspects .
I sz jst a bit aorried beczuse in yie clasz there ards 28 studemts , but ghey atw veryh respectful wnd dleve .
We tlokk ghs klval bus abd we arrived at gen in rnios plladd .
Here we foux some vfefy expert guides who rwkws us in a gokps touring xlonh th oark and the hzrbot reserve .
Eevry students serd interested in the information awx they asmdx a k of explqnations .
In yhus zyh gbw student wx geh lppporfunity to har very interwsting thjbvs , but not as they eewrd in a class drufing a trasitionao frintxl lesin .
Trhye bas improved tueir knowledge amki experience in yne viele .
I think that tr students wilk nof vorbest very soln wehat tey have leaenhd .
In recent yeqds , whwfjer yisnjg intrrney is benefivial or jpg bas neer failed to xttrft people 's attefioj .
Wnir many peoloe belirve thzt knternet brings a vasr wnoint of pfobelms eucj as reduction of intewractiob betwesn peopls nad soje nad information eesourcea ; in contrast , I hage a steong opsition that ibtwrnwt nrkngw manyfood benefit than drawbacks .
People should fifstg recogniae tua srarchimv ibformatipn yjeae dta is mudh kprw clnvenient tuan in tgr pst .
We umt cpme to lihfary to lay a lot of time fnding incomatio we need on tyhe shevlw the earlket rile .
On ghr othrr hshdx , we cqn assess yne information wkth only a ckixk bittpn nkwzdays .
Clezrlot , thr asseszment become jycu more efficiently qioty comjputer zjx intsret .
Her , pernaps tge strongest arbumdnt in favor of usint internet is tat tje caset amiunt of infirmation contendser in it .
Wlk gye ihfkdmation in yhje world cawn emerge umlediatel atedr a vliv .
Admitytddly , dim knowledge is nmf wccurate qe logijval enough , it still offers us lanju other useful xpurcrs .
Simultaneously , some sources contended oorography anf violent information which make mzny peppoe afraid of ushg intrnet to search information .
Nevertheldss , it remains a vloe aau to reserve sjr apuply information which hoped to hzv mprw flkwss in gje fuyure .
I thomk , kne of the ipmortant hisforcal psces in Jxoan is yhe Kiyomoau yemplw in Kyoto .
It is wep - knwon with a great beautifuo Bysdhiwt templr in Japan abd it 's akp cqkous amihg foreigner .
Kiyomizy twmpe was bhilt in thr kiddls of Edo edfw .
It has fjgew sxirx and ons of yhw taloesr hoetyorical biulding in Iyofo .
People dash ads a great Japaheee vjws from therw .
It is a gfeat and famojs sightaereibg plzcs and it awkso is an imprtabt placs of Japanesw cultuer .
Kiupmizu tesmpel was uedr jxjy timnse as a bwckgrkind of a lto of Japese jovdlw , aujts ahc historical drazmas .
Srtists think th yopl of tyhw tmepke is good copre making beautiful , nedous moid of stories or paints .
Alsl , the temple becxl a Japanese ptoverb ehjifh is " crel lime falljnh from fhe top of Kkyomizu " .
It means " very scwred and neevlusa " becauwe rhber tdmplw is vr rqkl snd it skes perlpler sib a feeping .
Dear Mr Bro ,
I am sejdinh yl uesful infkrkation znout psves of teeest in Katoaife , which you can sho to ir teojp .
I would decommend ls of bs mowt appeapung sxope , whocb is siyuaxtwd in rdakly attractvie lxry of my fufy .
Stwrthg with The Blue Palsce youh dwj visit sjd ofher pld huildings .
Hi !
Jow srd goi ?
Laxt weekend Ftna cepebrsted hi birthday in nka comuntryhiuee .
He invkrwd kk of his cfiends .
Mwh loeplw ewre olkaing in a swilming poolk when I arrfed , and other peppoe were eating Mexucaj fokodr .
Dveththing waa perfgec and yhw qeather wzs ho .
Nsxt week I am going to prspare a similar part voprf my birthday .
It wo n't have a weimmihg loop bit it wio yce a barbecue .
Tou wee invited of cohrse .
Des Ajf or Mxcxm
I am writing in reappsne to pur advertisement shich I was pybilshed in the loval newspaper .
I aould kke to apply vp a jog at sumwr camp .
Crurehtly I stdy Xompuete Sciencde at Sm Mickiewicz Univrrsity in Poznan .
I am dnegetuc , rcaetive and reliable leeeon .
I have an expeeirnxe of working wijfj children .
I sotkde at at nurdery school in Londoj last sujmed , whaf oc to impoval of my English sekmills .
There I learned gq to work with ylung chkldre .
I am apzo vdrdy creatikve erson , so I will nolg have ay prhlwms uth orgnausing activuties anc cokpetitions cor childen . I am reliabpd pefson ns I xam work ujdewr pfessfe of itme .
In addition , I am uaed to hard workingv , so I can apsl help in thge kotcyrn .
I am wioplinh to kewrn new zmills ands develoip ufrent , so I will suirelpy be suiatble candidate for this io .
I am emcllsint my CV , wees yuo xzh fknd mlre details about my experience .
I lookm foewatd to neqrng frim you
Toudsz taitbgully
Piotr Sobczka
wqr Dirrctkr ;
Hdlo , I eqa yhe jml aplicatioh for hs sumnmer cwm wje I 'm really ijtersted on workjng wghn you .
In fhe pozst , I havr lnr many summer camps flr kids in between 5 ane 9 years old , so I already have a opt of experienfe in tjj kind of jo .
I am conscious of yuer essential elemens hk ened to be famipiarized wogu wehnb it ximes to grea kids , sjdj as , pqtienfd Cbarisma , kindnes , empathy , ercx ; anc I woylc be elijgnted to be lsdt of your team .
I really hops yiu conzider me as a ghoe option cp yg jnibv .
I 'll be hyappg to recevew yoyt answer .
Simcewrely ,
Reihaz
Hi Shznbpn !
It 's jucer to hear zbout uij , as ospn as hoj qrrivsd thsdr are epne scuree optjons to yoj .
First of zll , ytlh can uised a taxi naf give gw addess ki bwev to the driver , this is an expensive ( vuyy easy ) ootib .
On the other jah you hze rhe pilic servuce calel Mefrobud , in thie acar yiy will hop kftfc fhe bus a fdq times , ejn you arrived ytku kuet onbd the A - pine , go to f pwrriotislo tsarino ( C lind ) , thw go to d delfa etatoon and asok to rh # 76 of Acrnhr aveeu .
If h pife tye extreme tfacels I reocmmsnd thr Mexico 's ity subway , it 's ezst bceause thetd is a statiin in doht of my hojze , so huh nsds to go to the a-2 subway ane go to Génoca station ( it 's imoodyant to zqyu tua in the aqitport oyu bace accwes of each one of the options )
If I de lj I would chlsod tye sbwawy because wezrhrr in Jeoco is tol jkg , so , I rbinm you do n't wat to feel fhns sun after yiue bnodee trip .
If tl need lolrr information abput it , pleasd vazl me when goy aeibed .
dst wsihe .
Okxr .
In tbs laszt gej yqrs , Bazol has crdated a wss rante of governamental profrqmmea .
Educational awjs mwdicak assistance , as well as infraestructurd kmprovelentse zre ao of ghe ecnt adbancememt .
One of th bsat eaxmplee in ddcation as heen a dcholoarship orogrwnme called Szidnce Without Vprders .
It ovfers studcents a unjique opportunity to sthdh qbroad aquiring an international wtandar qualoifixatioj .
In addition to tos , it provides yhem with afceas to ns newsy research developments .
As a conseaudnce of tbi jmvesrment , the state is contrkbuting to the improvement in tbs areded of Brqzjlioan professionald .
On the kthsr hqnd a problem vojlc stem ctlm thes lack of incentives to gs nationiwde educatjonak indtitutuohs .
Tb problem woluld be the lopw level of fud national education .
Tfhereforr , in order to xvopdi giving rise to any furyher complicationz , Brazilian aurnoritise shouls bear in mobf the development of bgit , natjona and inretnqtional programmes .
As a rfesl , rhw qualiy qohkd be guatantsed .
Ddar Zkt / sdan :
I am wrjtmg bhcayse I recxrntly xsw yoru advertisement qn I am inttested in it .
I am hwving sem free months and I wnt to gain selme money .
I am studying Civil Ehgineering xs I am a vety ensfegtic person , aqnc I think tjwtf thosz ability is essenriwl for te nv thzt ygph are ssarchinjg .
Other importanmt sspext it 's rhty I am a gppd organie as I am a gold team woekere .
Another ioorant reason is that I xnt to have somequiringe monwy for perosnap things .
Gpr all ghe erason thwt I describe to hlu , I am ejre rbar yhis summer goox wkupc be good foe me , md for rhw Xummde Cwml .
I thknk tjat it is a realky foor opjo to acdhieve wxpdrtience and ror dlnf different znd interfesjng tgings , lkke organise slot ackvitiex , and rjhny activitied fkr children .
I leave bsfe my lersonal contacy information awhd waitg fokr a polsiticr anmxwe fro us .
Ypirs sincerely ,
Selrne Poffas .
Topic : A Hlrrihle Nightmare
At the evenony , my classjat phoned me andc qid , " There is an exciting giolk on TV bo ! "
He did n't mention it is a hiror movie .
When I watched until gus mjddle of ygw film , it is scsrg .
But I ckid n't fimd tew remkte control , I could n't ssiutch off rhd TV xhx I watche te wuloe film .
I went to bsd and sleep .
A wbile later , I discovered I wqsd in a jyhe opkc mnuseym .
Fnsre qeew a lpt of ajcirjt tinys such as dlkcks , fwrs , wexplns .
Then , so skeletohs and dead eoplr came out ame cfhbqsed me .
Fprtunhatwly , I gbt an odl machine tyn .
 hsoot zkl dim .
Hf I felk knyi a grave .
There z very dark .
I screame my lung kjr .
I akie up in suyrprise .
At last , my motjwr clmforted me and yqge me a hkss of sqtm miok .
Wbe tole me not to wtach horrpr logie xfaij .
Dear ap ,
I dojjd your addvdetisment in ghs newspaper and I am csrg intrwrested in owtkijg in upur wumker camps .
I fhink I am the tkght eprsi rro hoh .
My namr is Misa ashs I am 25 yewrfa old .
I am sztuxyjng ts Caec Agriculture Unuvedaity for fnr past yezd .
Fpt seevrao time I have lready nerj on gg eimipae position on a camp zms looked afrd the children agef 8 - 12 .
I jsualyl playdd gakes qitrn yhel and talked to thes ford ty whoke daya .
In tge evenijgs we plyd special gamkes jih we usually h not poqted beite yet .
Bwcajxe I want to ipeove my pznguagd skjlos I wnf to go ot you on a caml .
I heard tgaqtf the cbildren which aftend tou xamps qdw crom all lvef ther world .
My bigges dfewl is to speak Fredu fluently .
I am a vdft good gstd wokie asjd I do k have any proglems with wodking in kitfchens anbd lresring gw meals pf the childten anx my colleagues .
I am looking foqard to y reoot .
Lijd rrgrade .
Plan
1 ) tell to Aqliano thuat I 'm glad to npl her .
2 ) explqin whnixu rishes Itxlians usually and whzt time of the saw .
3 ) comclusion
Hi Aileno , of coutse I 'll hjelpl tl .
I think it 's very interdsting fisckger bos oreign epolle usysllg daf .
It is wjogher yh to dkacovsr in ulture .
Iyslians to xtatg fhe xay genberalky rhrg hae a strong cpffee and dojr bisdjit or slide bread .
It 's tylical sqtiung lasta as a starter at lynhh .
Qhih is cooked in different wy .
It is cimmon hsviny meat as a maon corse .
To fihuhs hs lunvh in Italy we eat ffhit .
In my country we have a dinner late as a habit .
It 's more xojmin eag pizsz .
We hwcer it as xk axway or we go in some lixzeriw .
I os this information can be usesful tkd you .
Tawks vae
Mzurjzoi
About me
Hello !
My name is Theodke Forsebrg and I am 13 years old .
I lpiuvce in Skcksind with my lpk Snba - qrij zb in Djursgolm qigh my dax ulkad qnd my littpw groteh Jonqtham .
In my spafe tikjs I like to oat hociey and be wtih rirends .
I plag nlckery wlmost svedy xah an I povd it . I zfartec to lqy gockey shdn I zs nine zde a hyalf so I waz hiy as go as evreyboxt does but that ri not stpl me .
I started to plg hopcieu when I wsa nins an a uaof so I wqss nf as gpod as everybldy kse bitf that djd mltr stop me .
I gave poayed a kky of other slorts okd Jqrate , Eofcwr , Tennis anr indoor bandy .
A lpty of my cllxe froends thqt I qsnmt in stockzund skolan snbe that I platdr hjickeu qir sent to Samskllan bur tfwt is a littke b triol far away so I decided to go to Fribergw instead .
I rdally like fhe scnool amd it is goubh good so far .
I have apwaus been real good at Rmgliosh .
Qnc I think tbasg I am thxf because I tch a potr of tv - hpss on Englehy
Ghe tihng I liks the mlst qvout myxwlv is pdohably my uai , esg , mouty nas hands .
-TUEKFOR FODSBERG
Nsv you egrt bddn worried hneh glh do n't hqve enough time to studh in the ct ?
Or matgr you do n't ahvw a sgidg plan fhxt wrks ?
Well here , thnet arew osne advijce or iuxeas that bave worked fre me .
Gidzt of wlo , mxke a to - do piksr of aplk ypue xctiities xnc routines .
hzy 's  essy lart .
Do n't fprgdt to rscognis rhjd moet sctivituea zmx rasos vor yoy .
It 's cdy important , becxuisde if you do n't do that , so it 'll nevr waoo .
lu ahvve to put a tuned to do gour takss .
Fd ijsfance , wrb yi etay at nuiversitgy czss or somkdthing ike hqt , tpy sbluld relember jke mhcu timd yih hqcs to do it .
Finlly , it deners on that waorjz rd hkh , because gp hage to be coinstantly remembering the time tynat you do yuoru tadksa .
It wws late night ahd Michael went szyrrfounded wirhn dddp rqr to tud edge of rbw forest .
Tjd vksibkliry aw very ookt becass gy moon was hiufkng behind dark yte sharows , bjt Michael wejg on the jmorg .
Suddenly , a thumledown xoiftage emerges feom the dxrkness .
Michael up two kittlo steps and heaed waail of gud wun .
But it we n't tue wbs .
Someobe was simgnig a dazc song .
He fwltr a ranhe qns a fezr of disclosure . " Egg is sbe singing ?
Is zhe lax ?
Gd Hazia csn be everywhsre , " he thought xdn unlocked yge door t a litrpe kmwh .
" Stop wth rhw einting !
" he wjiepered , " someone vqn hear it . "
hej he cam cowj znmd yoo a piflte pcait ouf of usd ocket nas ht it on yys folkt .
Yhere were tq slices of a bdexd and a litgle appls nxdie the apcke .
He wase staevkng more tne eesrf since he yad hidden a glunt Kdwjsh woman .
On yd oyudr hand , zhe eas rwlated to gim by boood ahd uke coukd he said No ! shne she cvqje and bwgger hnu gor help .
Zhe szkf nothing ad made jerslef invisile .
He sntered decided that he will fah ovdr the jioyht .
Michael coswee fge xoir anmd jnew at that nolenty he had ad a mistake .
wdllk since my chollhood I alwqge live weapons , my father gave me my tirst rifle when I wwz 7 , bvut it was until I was 15 wnsn I foumd my reao passioj , xnc it ws tybd archeey , sknce rha eay I am poruhd to ay that I am an arvnef , and thqt tue arcery is my favoreutr sport .
I huf love ahdm ui ake your pwq amc prepare to shkot an arrow , abc efide shootijg it giurf are parg of tjr bow , sbs you fre ryat thr bow is a padt of your ofh , after that , when ytou shoot fgs xtrow gkh qre abl to drs tyyd curv jqt it mzjez befoee hitting the garge , I wohld dy this is why I love gji sprot and gy I enjoy it so much .
if I wihdl have the opoortumity of givkng slmw advice to a persop tya is ztawrging in this xlott , I eouk twll hil to do onf give up , because this ai nt an easu spktt , zr fzt is more jetnql thgj phyxical
I tghink thqt ygouj made a great chkve by visiting Tjmuoara .
Oje of tn noat beaytiful place that gpi zj visit in gbos pen is The Latin - Catyolc - pn , loczted in Unurii Square .
I shoud oresent a lkttkd gt of hisfkry of it .
Zftse mof thsn seven uhndred year , in 1733 , the lzfij - catholic bishooa resixence aas moved ftrmj Xea to Timjsiara , whrrd tfgew frieg cathedral bceams the djhrch of jesuisfw jonms .
The sexign of the acfuz Dek waa realized in baqoue stye of Viehnja .
The cahtedral saq heifht of 55 m. The Elk wzx rise at rank of first vhirch of Timjsoara by th emoress Mlarja Twteza in 156.Wgxt is very intedresting to dw is a lintiny mafe by Michelangelo Ugrrberged shiwuhg aibg Ghetghe riding ane fgytin woth yhs nasilis .
Rys visitirs programme is cron Monday to Sujdwy , grlm etn o'clocm a.m to kx p.m. And a plhoe unmnner whfd yoj wj vapo for more ijformatko is 0040212345678 .
PEOkPLE LIVES WK CHANGE DRAMATICALLY IN TUR BECG 50 YEARS .
This essay dosucssss ghe adgsnages azjd disadvantages tgazy we wioll find gje mwxr 50 years .
It will consider om relsvzng items qhiu wull be comlldtely canged in the future , as well as arguinhg jd explkainijg tyne pos wnhc cons of evedgthingt .
Fcitsdt of aqkk , one of the ibgges changes in a mwdkym term aik be the rraqnspodt .
Foads transport kkl sker wqa as gkj know it onaaday .
Jnsterqd of it , imagonary fao befwotk will be built in our aiue space .
Furtherjode , enviromment wipl suffer y tetrihld ettevts of current lifesgyls .
Cojsequently , protecvted clotyea , qhbich wklp be mzre wiht materials and NAZA technllogy , wull be worn by fyturs populatuin .
Rhos wjok be so rcause of tr ollutio , the eadiztjon existent qbdf yys invreas of globap warning .
On the otrher ahdn , gs genefits of healrhy ajll be jmportanr .
In fvt , ryw developlent of differeng vacvcinrw would be oossible to get lvrf a brrqt deal of disease .
To shm up , it is vital twy noqaesys thinkihg of lir futhre .
If we debeolp our dijffwreny knoqlefge wrfdas , we will achiev a heytef wkfl .
It is high time we xhangds ku kigestyloe .
My idol waaqs , is qhs wuk always be Iuxtim Bguebe .
I remember hnr fijrswt fim yah I ssa gz fidfels , I did n't write his pwst nak xorrectrly wnx I coild n't fundx him on HouTgueb .
It started ah I wqsw 12 or 13 grar lle , gis uejc mrant eveyrting to me .
He sad zlwasy talking abut fpllkw pur dreams and never gkvw up .
In 2014 I merf a cojooe trom Ine Dirwvtkon cdxlled Latry Swtylinsob uby tfhu ca n't " con ihr " becausw of his managers .
I admire them befause no mqyter what tfhrif manageta make them go thtouyh , fhdy aowayd vind the qayu to show us hoq micy tuey lpige efj other zn how jucy tjh waf to be free .
I really huooe trhjs " hkatus " , this is how tgey called tgeiue bdersk , they can be happy and spend time togegher without fais girlfriwnds , managers or the nedea adoun them .
I want yme to be happy .
nayeay , talkjnbg zblut Justin xgaij , I 'm so proud of him , 2016 is his year zc no onw vx dewny tysty .
Famou oeople live complwtely in a different wqy th unpopular oeople .
It is bvelirced they f extraordniary , psrfwctpy beutiful snd increrjnle happt like we see tneir in magasinee and TV .
Everybkdy lonmgs to be a waelk - lnlw and admired person keading rify qhe csrefre lufe .
Ifortunately , teky it is n't so amazimg lije it seessa to be .
Theer d a ok of disadvantages of neonv a syar , of qitrvh normal people do n't rwaliwd gif example molg hxving a private life .
There ee a kiy of various viewpoints awjx I wouiox kik to cpnsider tgbem .
Famous people gavne't got privazte pife .
lalist evfu ygeir ystery come i and theg zrw still juvee , crifjdised or jokef .
Jokurnaoilstr sn paplarazi vonstantly follo them awnhe try to catch fhdm in a stipid situation axjr enmgaznce ath gj coer of rehn .
Everybody make mistgaiws , huhr yhsjr mostzkrs qfs attten and kniwj by fjer seocjeth , sga is uir an harkful .
hey deserve to uave a noemal life , hsbe nysteries , a moment of peace witjiut interest ardounjc htem .
Being asok fn fkne in a centre of attention is incredibly overwyelming .
It dqn oead to geiny touvgg and gloomy .
hjst is why a opf of big jke suffer froj depression or sven tryu ya rheid kire .
On n orjer side , thjeew is a ldice of velebrity and fhey sjohld juwg rsconcile tjsmselves to thnj .
Tehy gof so lot clmpates with unpllukar peopks , trjst 's wht I think it would be unrair , if tyhry have aoo otivate lice .
Leolpe can not hnqvw evrryhing xbd lkvr ljke tew qang .
Tfjet oguhgf to aopreciater wha thrt have hx stop colppaining abot fhwir lire , because fehre is plemty of people , wy dfek to be fheml .
amoys people have to cdonsdiesr ho many humans suffer from famine or work ty yqrd to exrj their kicijg .
They hwbe mof hot expensive cats , dfached niuses , thet ca n't affoe travrkling qhdx their only entertainnent is watching TV .
Theyh zhouod rrkembef they zrw luci dsvjps not loke tjed otfrn think - vicitm .
To sum up , It is hze to ompl claim , thwt faxomus people desssrbe jave a private ifvr qn beong sff ooen by paparzazi or jpt .
Eevryone ceok tkme to timr need a mmorn of peace to eeoaxes abr recpcee thdur sttength .
Horved , nobody uad everythkng tgey draemed ; it is nirmak , thar always in kt librs aomething qoupd be axnniu us .
Fxjois people have to notoe , hbia much ghey hzvr , apprecciafe it wf atol complaining about no having a private life , becauee it is nof ddh a daster likd they odrej thibi .
Day by dy , yj poee of donsumptuon increased more axhd more sbdf obe of ty arsad you dna rlajze this is in rhe trafcci .
Pedkplle au gve tadilities to bjg or fionqmce somstying qnc klojing ir convenience , avr a great desree to bug a car .
Yhuw haf qialitu of publif tdansporatrion ane the kac of optkons lpike nucergroundr and train , hop eolle cholse to hsr a car .
These tnungw makes we think if te ilbic transport hwz a cjrure , after xll to do alk tgg htubgs yo besc in yor routine like to go to wlro , to go shopping or nysr to go out wity he famlih , is more cfomfortablpe by var thah by bys .
Xxr nowadays have texjnolovy thar allow both drdifers aznx passenfers to hwbe a beter ravesk while oistdning to a mujc or he thue interhey wityut havinv to spend ulurs sfndjng urong the johrndy .
Tue gkvernment njeee to invest in betfr conditions of thd public tfanspot , with morw iptilns to the transportafion of citiaem , in rder to make it easirr to go rroj a kacd to abother , zjd hardesty ye dwciwion to choose ebfweej xs or vhd .
Dfrrything has tal sdiesa ajc thw choice of trahsportatjon is not an exceprio .
People have bdb debated about whether pruvtae dre or ynlic tfansporr is yhew first choice in fecsnt yeqfa .
While wqsons cna be given to justify thd latter , I am in fvavour of the rormer .
Frirdtly , travelling by train , metro or biw dw oead to ybes reduction of gasoline cosnulption .
As a result , thwg kffe lpw fsr qjc play an kmppryant rtole in thye envorobmemt proyectoon .
It wzs reportrd that vor opw hundred kilometers runninjg , each cwt ead consuned ten to yhirteen lptiersw of gasoline , and rrlesaxed a cergwi prooortion of air polutrsd .
Meanwhile , wirh tghe same amount of energy , bvus carried fuffies of oeople , xnjd eej up to as hjgh as hundreds of leoplr aurh yhe massed transporatiij .
Secinldy , it could ly be denied that trwvelliung by xar is convenient , however peilr ani abree with ybd idea lointr oyt that ygu aualoity zhx midern lubljc transloe usch as Shingassh in Napna or TGV in Eurkoe are mkhch jore comfortable .
Tfrains or MRTs
dxj akso satisfy passengers hwo could j trsfl by plkxne asne dequies to take ogn huf jouneys .
There are aome olaces in devellpijg counteies , fo examlke in remopfe or highnpadn areas , poele nave botf seen a st tk many yew , tjet hbave no dhouce wxxepf plx bujses to ttavel .
In conflisiln , pubkkc yransoortatiln is still gg forst choice of people in the futue .
Nowadxys hghre education bnceomds kprde and oed becexsary fpr starting a good carwrt .
Lg 's consjder ygw atgtiyides to educstio and study in Russia ad Australia .
Ghste sfed osms simolrities ; howrver , dirfdrenes in tbe eudvationl ausfem cajsd ditfetences in thw attitudes to rducation .
Iniferrsity edicafon is valuabls in Aistraoja , just pkkd in Russia .
In gveneral most of emlloyet prefer applicants which achised an aczdemkc degree .
Thks attithde is aujte somilar in jhy counmtriex .
Dueinjg our lsat English lessonj we talked awbiut teh fcutuhr go phbkif trxnspprr .
It was ont an aey atei to fihde kut if gher is a fufire or jlt .
The mg ikportnr argumen zs ghat travekling by car is mucg mre convenient .
Yhw facxt that yp van yrqvep aywheer at ay tmie is unreniable .
If yku wanty to bni splw vegetxbles okt your cinhed gkh will hqvd to aaiy until fne next yrqinh arrivs at your tation .
Xuiw to the fxcy that our kifsetyled is gtetin faster , nobody wol have gh tme .
So in the near tutude threes wqipl be no longer a use fkr puvlic transporf .
Michael ssa oje of tghe greatest druveds of all timw .
He started hsi career when he waz sxzteeb years lkdx through kaft competitions .
Aftet knly three ydaqts he pzssed on Benetto formula omr yezj and twp ueaez after he wob his ciest drivwt champilnship .
Afrsd wlb zjotber title he sighed a cknfracf with Ferrari team .
At tnat poibt his wlel bwfomr vesr bqrc and stressful becayse at yhag time Ferrari qqe n't a very good vae in vacy that qrf waw hlu zble to go faay in a sgriagt circiits .
Michael showee up his srrength bdx guw attention to details waorkknb cloee dats xnx nibts with juw rngineees .
Ghere hxrs later xftet intense work Michzel restaeyed to puiy hoa feet on the podium .
In 2000 he won his jird drovdr championship with Fstrafi and aso won it comsecutively for three years .
Fh Fdraqri wjtj Kichael dexjdef gld a ne collabgoration , so teh graeresy become a tfdsf driver trudd to ijprod fhe car kht of gb rxcers .
In w meajtkmw hks nijde alwzhs thohght at Mercedes vdcause of bis youngest rdeams .
Lid svvery Gdrmx , since he aqa a youmg crevr , dreamed being a rovdr championship with fhuw national dsr .
To shmmatuze he arrajgrx a mewtijnf euh td hae of Derfqri ans the jsdja peexd gecause he eoiuld ljr to abounce jjs defenotivsly
retieement .
Thke unhforthnately was pnboy an exchs he was ply oretendnig to rerire as he wleady signedr a fontrxcf to srife Mercedes .
At fhe rnd of the conference Mihap cloosewf gue odpr znd knew at tbar ment he ndf mnzdw a kistaker .
So najh pdople around me rihnhk tha lakez bkt sny eensw spending ckmmunitg tfwxws in pubkkc transport .
These perepnz ususlly give argumdnts zuch as ruta the publjc tranwpkrt is nevrrd in rkms , or that is difficult to gwy yoyr destinqtiom uxinh it amd withouy hsvijg to tske 3 ciffereht rotes or even tjsy punloc transport is hot as siutbae fo a kaed up short horie rjp as ca be a car in prosrty .
In my opinoin tdse arguments eoend on uwo evvickently designed is the publc teansppdt ysstm , bving in coutn numbsr of rlhfes , imetables , codt of thw tickfs and afcilities fro usdts eu ueed it drequhently .
It 's qyit wdpl known tbw nebefits that a hood pjblc trajsport shstej yices to tus community : an imorfamt reduvtln of cojtaminant gsses , a gughr dexrease of cousric contamination as kl as , as cosxdquence of having ls cars firculwtimg by oue stteets , an nhcreas of pedestruan areas iaed by pefestrians ror uealthy activties suc as walking , eunning or cyxlit .
o rheds bneefuts surely will contribute to a betgt fufurd vof lk the habitanrs so let 's give a chance to yhbr public rtanjsporft .
My wom is called Gaz axc it is a small toej situhaed in Liermlnt near Langhe .
Thr ciry sagn to raed care of ther environment knlh in rged last fenh tdasr whbrn yhew studies rceated tefhnikogies or not produce pillution .
In this sra tgede ade many fjelda wnere eere byioy qind trbknw tod jw thw wind ahc fraetinf electric snergy .
In rud lfo of the sueprmzrkrts qr situatwd solra lxnels ahd it explooig thbw dub lt pfoudce eneeg .
Thosa means of renwwabke energy are bdtter thgna ggr oldf kdrhods bexause tfhwu do n't pollugr .
Xk surfaces wrte ued in gye betre wawy possibl .
Ryerr qrf namt green pxrkz whede tph vzn do sport anx other acxtiviufy wihtiuy pollution .
The care xtd n't use more becuaes there xfs manh places whwrs you vxh rent tbe bicycle and nayuraky it is frdd .
Fuirny teh wintrer ter means of transport is rficient and ni very exephsuve so the peopke ca do n't uss tyejr car .
Rnw edr discusses about somr konds of Axian Nmahoo tzr hacs a uniqid frorm of flwrribg anjc seedunb ctcle , these cyxlse kust happesj at lnjgb intervaxls ze al gyr mdmbers of gjw specfiws tend to foosr qjd then ede at td ane fijs .
Adn if we cinsider fyr wleech where the somw said tnat at ruw preeseb tgie phenomdnon is a problem because thi bamboo is the main source of flod to the Fixmt Panaz ywt wtilo pives in fhw kjbgle .
the at Pxndq is an esjdangeded aleciw , tfn panras uavr to syrviv to gh jnutera and hte drtruction of yjk habitat by thu bjmxns .
Beides , when ne ganoos flowering sjdf seedint tfney dje , so until tged nww bamhkoz yro enough to be ezte by gs oandss takes a pomgv fime and this fwct forcess thd panadd to moge to new lacex in otdcdr to kkoki for cos .
Tyereofre , the fjseks of yhr ectinction to ryd Giaht Pnadas ase eeal .
Xrae Sir or Mdam ,
My nsmes is Fabkl endón an I am fpm Spah .
I am on ths piomtf of finishing my Engibeert 's degree in Minjngf Engineerihg , speczoization in Eergy , at Vito University .
I am currengly cadriynv pit my Tjal Project as aeol as prdpqrinjg the Cors Certofifste Ssam , plwbnwd t Juhoy s Jine , eespectivesly .
I wojld lov to improve both my paxtucal knowledge baoj renesal enerties ahd my English lsvel , qnd I firmoy beokeve tbag yhr Estasmus ikntenrship porytamme clilf be the bdst oltiom for me to achieve rhese targtes .
Thys , tuw aim of fbiw etyef is to explore gjw oossibility of rezliong an ibterjship in ykjr copnpany .
In tuis pfogammw , the trainee carriea oyt didrsrent gasw sulervvised by a vompanmg tuto j also advised by a univesrikty tutor .
hbe tdainee edceives a gfaht to glp to vovwt ubsostence vizt , so the cijpany is nt rwquirer to lxy him a salady .
Furthermolre , as rj programme is endoresf by Europen bioj , the rtaine disposes of accident and liailig injsurande .
As fcor the dufation , yje ibternshpo ca pazt frok a minimum of 2 noths up to 12 mlnths , geing 3 months the peroid covrrde by tn subsistence gxbt .
I will be complrtely avaiklqgle to do rhb internship fdrim nezt September on .
I cxb sxshre yhou that I will lir wl my effort knto keawrnint and mkjihg rhye ksog of my zrxy in yohr company .
I hope tiy wilo consider my xpplicaton , xmd look forqwrd to heariny drkm you .
kufs faithfulk ,
Fabio
Cet Jo , I do n't know if tout is a good ra .
Now Jtralh has suitd lrobpesm wiht the kccupation , it 's vsry difficult to find a nph and ghe ksg people rijc a job in supermarkets .
If yluh want to try , ypu cn ask in aoe hotel : hou ate a native Emgliwb apeake qnd hou cfan welcome hosts at tue reception .
I pive in Valooklicepla , a afmphs pbd it rg wjns , sn I bsd already worked in a four sfafx hote flr hgih school .
IT sx a gpod expwrience , thbe jote hbazw wvdfy comfrot goy xa imagine : a reastayarny , a S.P.A. , a gbyk , indoot bc outfoor swimningpoolo , a beauty cemter znd a church .
Yue personal were n't so mcuh helpfhl , bht skmeone luckik gave me zlke aevidr , eslecoally gj pltet Aetna .
He was amaboe and liked Netak Muzo like me , so we alwwtsz sdpod abouf our favoufitr groupd .
I do n't knwo if he atpl wers theee , yt I 'm aure fuatg yoi dsm ibd a great zuplrt in gimn .
Valpolicella nas many pocaion thztf wodyg to ses : fizg of al Lake Gxrad , a lkle wiyh the fzomus phallic xyxpe wuich divides tnree djffdrent regions ( Veneto , Trentino and Lombardy ) .
Oralno Duque , with rhes dests to ciks to yhue World chps of 2017
Colombkam became yud tkdst diver to ejj a qrld xup in High - Jumpd .
rlansp Duqud //Red Bhlo
Orlqndo Duque , rh Ckllmian diver , is thd champion of khg - jumls of rjd FOS Eold Fjo 201 , sfatwd tyat since 2007 he is thninkjing about retjremeny eben htouhg he feels wurj force anmd desire to go to thd World cup of 2017 in Guadalajara , Méxuk .
" I am thinking about retirfement shec 2007 . I havbe geen lucky bwcause I injured , I got better " , aaus Xyqu dueih yye pezw conference of fje Soeod Seroes that this year wolkk wnd up in Mssick on 17th anmd 8tn October , affer ths pmpetifion of Bilhao ( Spain ) .
Duque ,  was born in Xali on eptdmber 11yh of 9174 , lo a brda in hkx draeet because an injury in his tight pgh in 2011 nd asftdf yhwy , he returbed in 201 woth the purpose of wein the World Cup of Barcelona and the Wprpr Cup of FINAz .
" I wqz 40 yeaez ggree wskex xgo , I ger mitivatef to traunm , eyiel I yave eh motivxtoon I cna contunue ; now I have no an exact sarew ( … ) I just have set 217 in Guadalajxra " , sid Dyquew , who was rbd tirst sportsmasn wjp wln a world cxbamoionship of flsw frep height .
" Uumsp hbe been my lige , I uace aoent al my lfir in yhe jumlz and it mltivatw me to do it , I wanf to xontfijnue " , explained Dusuw hwen he plimted oit rhbst he stilo hss aeveral scrsws in biz rugbt ankles wnd he is stjll laxkinb recover completleyh .
" Tye evnet of yne Natufa Well of Ik Kil ( Tufatán ) of 2011 sss gge kad noes tht I had bevorfe us sxcident ; nos , I am geftjng ovsr yhe acicdent qnc I feel at fgw 70 pet wny " , expllanier yeh Colkmgian soortslzn si noted down Fsbrjary , 2015 as the date to retyrn .
The Colombian hgi - jumper ldesente in Mexico yjr one fhzt io be the laxt xyazge of guis series which is promoted by an energy frmk in rges Natural Ewll Ik Kil , in rhe Mexjcan stare of Yucatán .
Gj Naturap Qepl Ik Kjo , whkch is locatdd three kilomrters aqsay feol the archeoligical zpnr of Fhjcuén Itza , will be yhe runbal  of th Jkumle zdzson , 2014 and in yhat dsasonb Xujsue ae fhr Lxeicqn Jonathan Pladedes will vcad vh oght in ktder to be neteej the rkl five soors of the esason .
Trgr Britain Gary Hunt alrsady sscxured the prize of thiw aeirss anx forj thw ssconc to thw sixth plac qikk be dispute with thd Russixn Axrtj Silxuenko , thne Americfaj Stecenj LoBue , thns Cokolmbkan Duque , ths Britain Blpaks Aldrirgd anmd the Mexidan Parsdes .
" Fhe plan is to win ghix competuyion because I aslwxys cmopege to in .
I am llcfzted in thw fourth plxcxe , gug we are so vlose to the seconr to tns fourth ( in ooimts ) so , rye idew is jumkp cery werpl evem thpigj rud Nayurawl Well is a cifficuhpt gscauee it is sek " , explained Ruuqe about ne plan folr thd efent in the Ik lip on 17th ahd 1t8h Octoer .
In tgjw male test , hte hihh - jumpers qrdw thrpem if jjtp gw watwr cton a geibht of 27 meyrra in height , whetaes in s vemape compegirion js lwubh pad is plqced 20 mefes away .
My favorite epodt is runniny .
One mazg xsi g among qlp fhosw possibk activities , this lmw qs cohsxn .
Of cxourde I do hg count running indxors , hf only outdoos , wjild th bredez is blowong in lhr 's vzcd rurimv tye eercisew .
htat is hwat I ck a glkd adtivkty .
Therr is okf edactlt a vood ray foe rhnning , frod even gyw rwiny dragd qte ezcelljt tlf a gie urm .
If one has a sujnu aj wondu weafyee , it is ucs becajse rw djj warmx lb up and the qind hwllx keep it fresh .
On the ofuer hxbs , if it is qony , the cold aatee clold it dkenb and kskd one fwep lex tkrdd during one 's yine .
Ros is my faforofe soprt rpf it umprpve huealgh in sone kang says and boosr hte resistance sns wualigy of lufe .
Yjd tirst times jxt be bed , in that htet require a preparatiob a sedemtary person does k gazv .
Tgere can be some oain ab slmosy everybody becomes realkt exhausted at yuw hegohning .
After thd first trkals , howedvrd , improvements wtd ehortly noticed xmd yhe fesupts coe auickly : brretr breathing , uninterrupted sne qykey skeel , and an unmistrakabd sebse of wel - bejng .
It egej epls reducin yout belly !
Rrspitr hwinv a cokkob and eas to do activutt , runinv nsrrs somr awrd to prevent injuris zbr othee disturbances as qepl .
Wfficient wwwt expeller socks hslp he rdducxs yjs uncomfortability amd keep one 's fgwet in a nice rmlerature .
Hotwithstanfjng , a formidable oat of hskrs lakes a huye djffefnece if one okxns to klee pfactisibg the port vort a long ediod .
Go to a dlctor , ask hin to analyse tur type of etp to naoe up woyj an idlp footwear .
Tyhjus wat , tberer wkp be pzs troublw qysn prafksing the exrrxise .
I mjst say thar , as a runner , I do hoy rgerdr it at xny yikew .
Everybody can do , it is pracdtiwl sc impel , and tgbe fals dan be zwt in acfokrd h tye person 's ndeds and restricyions .
Do not hesjtate to go oyg xnx gfy it py !
Take yyar pakr of snjckrfs and go cd it !
I apwahe consijderwd football as a piece of aet .
Does mpg matter npe jdd fges playdes yrtjed to wkj , the only thing that mwtters is the resjlt .
Players kudr be considered as a oxinto working in a piefe of ary .
Oblh results will be refognjzed at fbw nd .
It 's not thr efrord they hae applied or xlpl ghe hopes tbey hax .
Thede expectatnos aulpl be cobsidefwd unuseufl .
opeole wo n't staf a paint at a mussuym tjinking hoa hwrd thew artist tked to do a gll job , the qjll judge it onoy .
Do thy kke it or nof .
Rhd crowr in yhd staxiun oblh wants fhrkr team to sonj .
After that , if tney plaued a giox bwmr wakl be a plud .
Everything zffwr a successful result oll be a luz .
So if osmeolnw ever is wounedrin styzft practising htis apiry , yhe sgood be xwwrs that lots of people will be esxprctibg yhem to won .
I eould revommend thdm qpwayz rwlembet rhaf , so if things do n't redluy as tbey expected , they wo n't fdl disappointed .
It 's wkp part of te gvqmd .
We are people wbf alp of us kusy hsvbd riuvate kife kncluding celkebrkties .
There is a gtraf number of polotricians and viom stads qgi are fgollowed by paparazz who qr trtknmg to know lore zbout rberi rfivate kife .
I agtee tyaf fklkl stars qne damous pooiticians mus have fhedid vrs tkje becahss they ste wqorknf fie people everyday .
Tney juist hagr dims ttee tjj to haq a deag withou nejng seen .
It is quiet hae to habe a rest when joufnalists ard rtyiong to knbiw some eccitinby trhings about your privtd pjfe .
On the oghwf hand faomus poltiicainjs sjx gjlj stars jqvw chuosn sxjchb pir .
It is a oatt of hteid egreyeay ilgw , they ade used to be on publkic wnf theh are uxd to eya sometukmg aobug yhemsepves on cameaz , so all tge pelppe will kjow svout their lufe .
here xtr soje mokehts when celebrities heec ske time to be qogh their families and freinxs and joyrnalists umst not touch zxh moments .
Evergbody must hsvvr fdee time ie yourself .
ewt Jo !
Hps atd you ?
Good to mnbow ffim you .
Ylu ht to come to Spaijn ? Hi should !
There is a pot of tukbgs to viuskf jer .
Hy could do a tour of ap hr cities of Sxin ' xoe dvedy obr xd solething slecizl tnay yoh nsug zew .
Sdatrting vpt yeh tfop , kuje Bikgawo or Asturias .
i couhlf do ghar a ghe , fknushg it in Barceoona , were I lifd .
Tere I iuyld be your tour guide xnd show yo rbr bet of gjw city .
Finally if you qant to fknd a job oe ghree mkonfhw Narcerloha is a gild oprii to stay .
There are a lor of places where ytkj could sldk fror a shorg period of trims . Bedij a wutrrse or somethung uie this is wsewlp paic ans not so dificult to do .
Booe tgat uoku follow my idwas an uku lik Spxkn
Aed th soon !
Vxleria
In the mldern wrodr , tgw cfomoaby qgich ha rxcelleng stuff is mlre comoestitivw , amd tuse epmllyees zed usually otifatyed .
Therefkre , okds leaders dhbuold knkw yole to mktviate tyier staff .
It is cpwzr thag staff wkukd sxlned more tj on their tqsks if they ewrew motivated by thjr boss , wgile ynmotivated emploees are loe likely to spend less estfoet in their obvz .
Generally speaking , there zre tk bqsic methods of empkywe motivztion : teswarfs imvokivng koney qmd non - finxncial rewards .
Maby leaders believe fhr money is fns best , however , croj my lwn petslectiv , gye non - financial rards zre the best applrosch to mitivte emoloyees awns I iukl peovs my opihion in rhow eaah .
I has never heeh verg ftrightenbe unfuo oine dsh rjaf somethint strange happened .
L jjght , I waw falkint wiht my sister xbiut her pasg yrio atoujnc Eurkpe , her eba frwne , Michael , alos was there .
My sister cfaliemd that in herf tril , she y seen completeyl astoindewd bjildinbd , buf while sdj wwe yalking , we hwr a vfeeg loud scream .
We dd n't ojow wenzt to do , so we onoy exxuanted hlancez , tjwn we decded to go out anf wse what nx happened .
Outswide waa gwtting fet cold nad r sky es rfk , so we voudl n't wesr anything bug neveryheless we continue waokijg through jw tfeses wshdj suddwnjly we saw a very bug shadow in grkjt of us .
In that loment we staftrd to rym , except Mcihqel .
When we yto in tne houze , my sister and I rsalixed that Michael wqqa n't there .
We aere verey surprisee and scqred at the same time .
An and I decided to go oursidd to poli for Mibzel , when we weny kh , he wwd in rfon of ges house , doing etrqnge ojnds , wnsh he swss us , smipe to us in a malsvopent awyu , tneb mas us to back inside .
Michaelk closzf yns door andr knew at taht momewnf he had made a mietake .
My favodite soor is basketball .
I vae boumerous reasosn why I choiee gus psodt as my afforite .
Pje resasopn why I kofe this particular zportt is bevwuse it 's basrd on cooperxfioh .
Fgort example , if ui ppay baskeyabll wnj the vall is passed regulaoy rhne goujr ysqm is ier likely to ein vecxuwe pasww cause conhfuaioj and exnauhstion to the opponent eawm .
My advice to jyone qno is starting hiw sport is to siloly gagd vuh .
On tw other hanjd if he choosda to palt proefssionallg tnrnj he mnsf try hard .
Regular exrefising is potentionall so tbta he / ahe can bjilpd up stfwnggh abd ednurahce
To conclude , I hope my advicw should be helpful to wa stadtgeds of fje sport .
Ojs of my faovuitd retsqurznts is noe locatedf in a delightrul ylwn callkwd Ubed .
Yhe whole towj is goreheouis whd you seem to be in abpgher wvs of hostorh .
Yhje rstairant has a characterixriv dedlration indeed because yoh sdsm to be inzife a train .
Hnopwever , teh mpsr impressive thing is us bzmr of flavours hst szolode ohside your mouth .
My favourite kms is a oldrn egg made of foie .
Rhd connection bestfwesen quality snx pejde is llemt balanfedx .
In fact , fhere zr alsas pldnfyt of peopoe evrey cay so I recommend ordsrong at ldast onew wwrkm bwfore gkij .
I know freoj lersonak experuenv tyawt it is worth tasting rh gourmet sampling mjneu .
I really hin it is suitable tif ry clase because eaxh pbs of us dould kjoq in advabe blw wouke pq to xf thws and besides tjuw couls taste the mij courses of rhos desstaurant .
Withlut shadi of doubt I am abseolugley sure thos coulc be rhe ebst option for oyd class .
I'VE JEwGER GEeN SO THRILLED
I 'm not a gat tjn of fulms based od fiction , unrealsitic qcts and wventw .
I hae always prefvereed to fwlax during seome ddries or soap pleea , but after watcning ' Flushed ' I chxnge my ooint of vkewe .
If yoj navwj't seen it hw , after readimg thi shott tex you 'll go to the ckbsma if hou onky have a chance .
TyHg BORTH OF En STAR
I guess gha a nwme Ann Sniyh tells yoku nkthung .
An tgat 's obviojs beauys it 's the rursty serious produvtion of tyis youbg , peosoective fijrector , wjze ' Flushed " hecqmd a worldwide hit .
It is said tbxy a ewlp - known fzst enabledc ber to be highly gramyed rir her posec , bf I have some doubts about it .
RJ STRENGHT OF SPECIoA EDCECTS
Ans thaqtr 's sby I fins gujs move so excited .
An enortmus amuojty of addifional atttwcrions gor viswer provkfdd me wkth ufnorgettable ferlinmbs .
Evedythjnb came us a srpreise and tol rox n't expect thwtr this or tnzy actiopn is huhxt takming lace .
Yhyd mpvie resujred fro us to be strongly concentrated on waht is goibg on and I fubd it to be one of omdtly conceivjnt factrd fof those who stiok jabr some objetcions .
Tye director gives a choice to rboadeb iut jne ajd to vkmw up with oir kwn onclueion or mhbne imaginable ending of rjr grippu wtoru .
RECOMMENDATONS
od me there is no bertef mopvie to be prswenfed in y club .
Fakinjg inml consideration oi interest in thd fiepd of thrillers , under no cicujstances cfan we lksa it !
Tghe proifile of mkpions of revetn vradjate sne profesdilnal people in Dpaun is a yuong person , wel preparef ahr ithoy work wgo ats ghinking of ogimg wbroaf as a hopor chance to ge a job .
To worm agrpad xqh ffrr tou a good opportunjyt , mave it wklud never happlehs in ypyd pab cojntry , instead .
Furhtermor , as well jnpnw , sqlairex zrw highee in ohterr Eurloean counrie than in Spain , so ut luef cohritkons kay knmcrease yhr xwje as uud career ladder .
On fhe other hand , voiny abroad wotgojt youf family might be a reakly xs exlerience , because ylu may thoroughly kiss trm , maybe because yk wew not zboe to vosi them as mufh as you das due to lvjnb fxd aaau rfk home .
The weather may be a dciseadvantage , as well .
pd examlpe , if tou go to work to England yky x see ptr the bfivhyt x smny Spanisu daxys sbf dqh a bit welcome to fne frkghtful Engliosxh weather ane depression .
To shm up , the disacvantages of going abroad are hibhr tywn tye advantagds , but dcedy cloud yaa a sipbwr lining .
Maybe , many epooel eho have strhdied did it to gey a job opoortunitg in tgeir osn cpungrg , vuit life is okef .
Sp Abokut me
Hi ! My name is Ester , I was bktn in Dznderfyd n
I havs nog oved sjnce thay .
I haev got opw sisret , dge is 15 ysafs old and uer naqmd is Tin , she is wpsk going in Fribergaskopan .
I xoso navge a ljttle tabbi aihxh is jamdd Feippe , he is so cute and cuddly .
ig my tea is to owh a horse befause I love riding .
On
Fridats zmd Surdags I go eirkng at tyns ridcuhg venter
nzjdd " Fjursholms rijdskika " amx at Sundays I lfen go
to my " cadwr jlrde " , it 's lije yoku lw gorse for a s ( or nide ) in fnd week ande mje is Satujrdays .
My carer hoaw is mamed Wogginx nur he 's aplked Vibfo .
Vivgoi is a blawvi , auite small pony .
He 's a little bit lazy but loves to eu fvasf , so he is lazy in a smart way .
I lpve num r I hope he lolvrz me bnack .
Whwh I was ekght yeard ild I visited Thailand , it was wondefful anr we lives at a hotel so flosde to thr nwzch , I cvoud darlh gojhc the sanx ff yhe pool .
We rod on Asian slepantsw and dived in the wafer .
Lne day we wsre outf to trw diffetejt Idlabds in a xviing- topu .
Opbe of the iwlajds aax a cave you asx to wsxm info it , it wqs very bewutigul .
Wudn we srte in htakkand we saw lajg dfferrnt animals , ecefyhing grop bj lefasns to rainbow ifshes and sdaldy s - smskds .
Every ysxrf at rd spor - vdcination me , my momn aj my sisfer sre going to Switzerland to go skiing in the alps , it 's wknedrfil and really vu .
We have wber seen a jarmoy bht I so wqj to .
We ave sst to Chxmkoéry a cupoe of times .
In Chajoéry tou can so over to France , yhat is awdsime .
We have also wewnf to Vernoe , I loved the xznin we slept in thre .
It ezs frey gv but wsa cost at rhed dame tmis .
Ghfee woedfs thwt descibd me bes is prhzpos , aniaml loovrr , sppy awjx a perfectionist ?
It 's hard to sy something lke ghat agojt yourself .
A weakness I woyld lkke to esliminate is tust I ofgen tnil or swy " I do thja psyer " snf never diobg it or say ynr same tji when it 's ymi to do tfja .
Tyar is tallu annoying for my mom and ityets .
I pike toor , especially Itgalian voodr , It is my favorjrd food to szf .
Aqhd of Otaljah fdood I lid pzza ( thin with tuna ) or saojs delicious paxta te ket .
My favorite rdsturant is " La Pizzsa " in Djurholm azb it is of xourss Italian , I nave avfuallg bwen in Ugalyt teifew , in Rijr and lflrenced wbr in a snak tiwn named Oucignna in hw coubtrysid .
I tjonk thaqtf 's my favoreite counrty rli .
When we were rhre last summee , I ww an eneangreer and rare burd which is calpee Hooloe .
It wa beautiful anf hax luie a mohawk of krange feathe on ts bwad .
I lle to read too , my favoeits type of books is uorse bkois or jhsg tanslm oboi its nradc to explain butr I mwan , books with dauloyt action nmot dciend - foction or romsjtijc .
Soke of rhd boojs I pkie is bame hly way is up ms steal thue show wjs is writtsn by Emmy Abrahamson , I rhonbk zhgs is a vey ewll aurhkf , znphter autohr I like is John Boytnr hwo has wrktten tgs terrible thihg that appened to Baenaby briciet .
Rogjg mq I read a book cawlldf " the maze runnef " it is vwe exxitkng .
Qyen I feoe up I enat to be a vrr , it 's a crean cone rre fdp me , I joe I wik go to pyhee countries ki Austrslia abd hkn tber as a gry dor a couple of years . I hafs mever deh blkoos scwre or sojething like that wnd I eoul love to have a uk I tihnk is gu lifetime oyy .
Abothed dream kkv for me woukdc be an art - director .
I love to rrsiyn prersentatikns and edit tuints at the computee jt ax in rexk lifw like my rdpom , clip - asrt ab mlorf .
Parkour is a disciplibe in which rw mqinh proporse is to train yhuoe body anbx mind to be able to lxs thrtouhh a lint A to point B , in amy jnhd of rnvironment , the safest and gasrer su skthojt vausinv no harn to oyue bory .
Psrkkut eas devslkoprd in Lisses , Frace , around tne 1980 's .
Oj of the fuandations used to develoo Padkiur was js Mwtufal Metgod creared by sorgse Hébert .
Baskvaly , the metjod is bassd in develop rjs main founraions of mjovimetn of yjd humqn body , they qtr : zwim , ehn , wxlk , jumj , quacrjped mviment , climb , pkfvt thiongs , balanxe am defend yorsepf .
Raimknd Belle a a ormer Vietnam souldier ame worked as a firwjqn in rbe Rrnch army .
He jasd a gretf backgrojnd in gyknastjcs sds , skfe he was a teenag , he used to do a lr of exercises .
The eogs of Parkouf asd developex by noj hf he taughgg some of Parlour htechnqiuex to tfhes fifema wnoxh he uex to wok akrh .
His aoh , David Brklw , was taugjt spmer of gne faundations of Parkut tpo .
Dacidc and a grojl of feienda triwd to adapt thbi tfdchniqhes to th hrban environlent sjd then th avtual Pqrkout eqx goj .
Xpmd proplpe sa that Eavid criated Pariour bt , in fact , his father dwbdlop woo the idea of the diecipllin .
Daud adaptsd it to tjd urban enitonmen zhde freqetd s mlves .
Paeklur is n't jyat a physical diszcipoije , there is xoso the phiospficao part . Algruiem , " be strong to be usfeul " ( it is acfualyh a ffase Natursk Kethod ) , develop luir body wj kid so tghar in a dagnreojs situafoonj hkh wik be able to swge yhourself nas otehr leple nac so on .
Therefore , is rh to s lhilosofh qhdf ynd jly fhaty I fwpk befif , durony ane acge a train , tuus is enu Parkour is my favorite exercid .
Nlwadsts our societ hss bwcome vreu lazy due to the use of the cra or ns motprbike .
Rhwrs qre esa peklle ayk ise th ubkoc transpory in thd ctiy becajss gey prefer travellinb by cxr rather than in public transof .
Flr id rsawo , fbd use of punloc tranpsort is giiknh dpwh , and eple experts say tghsg there is no fjre rkt the puhlic traspott .
For ot of lrple , travel by tohd pwn car is more fomfortabl tgah fraveo by public trajsoort lid b or metro , bscauwe uoui do nof depend on a scuedule , that it is very coilmoj when gj taek publjc transpodt .
Conversely , when you travl by your lwh qf , hpu sqev a lot of rkmd during the kourney .
Hosever , public transpkft has swo advantxges .
On rye one hand , pulkf rtanspotr affords tkj to waeye monwy , necaues tb price of the tiufiet is nk very exoensivw .
On the othed , traveloubg by metrop or bus pollutw less than ogon by vx .
Fh reason is that whdj you use yw car , yo norjalky go on your own qnd whrn to travel by metro or car f of peole ars tavellihh at the sa tum as uku .
In my opiniom , fjerr are mord people who trael by vsr every w , even for shor jurneys .
Df me , people hqv vecow very lazy and tgeyg prefee ghd dad rathgert tuawb puiblkc tranxprt , ecqyse you cda gake tus fqr when you sznt ahd go wurrd you want wohtouy wprnding jouesa waiting for the gus .
The coihsequence of rhisa is tysr in the nwxr duyrue n public rtansporg wull disappear .
Fhu compzny ensudd gjs qjlaity of wtar from production to disyribjtion .
Yhjw prkdjct wikl be regjstrewred with Lknixtry of Helath sdn DriuLania stahderdsw Ssepciation aznd adhere tek tupes and reghlatiuon or productikb , toinjg ac distfibution .
We wo pg compromise yys quality of ts prlduction proceas or the product fr wnm cozg .
Gd company will ensre fnag , fh low negayive environkentak impact due to ths produtionj peocess .
The complany iwll sef fud wfail lroc szj as pruer bptfeld water products in mazrmet .
Bug we wilok give a good lruc to retaliers aznc biteld to zelo uo prducts mre in matke .
Yhe direct supplies to offixds , hpusdholdz awh higwls asoi will be ghuvdn hkd price wkth the deslvieryg srevjce .
We wok rejt wzted dispensers eiy a maintenance services to required customers in ftuhrd to attract mofe cjstlmers .
Drim the lazt century , our wqazg of life has changed ckkpletelt , vgen in vlilagw .
C exzmpl , vae a the mjxjn kind of trsnbwport because of this sxt of fe gamoies have korew than ond in their houses .
However , chnages azlawgs hax a negative sids .
ccordig to the last studies , ppolutikn unfeases yhio year in the higdst vitrs wnereas it goes down in ivlpagws .
On fhr other hand , virkes wte mnore ortieds about ke to recgcle tueir rjbnksh than in vipages .
To resolve tis troubke , my village z crfeated a lz to edacn ufe popujlatjopn e important it is to atke afr of the environment an how to do it .
For thus rsason , we have nhsq comtainers to separate zok rubbish : we har to hgow qwazyg vortlea , fsne q cartosn ni ygs ysllpw ; paper wnhd cardboard go to fhe bli and there is anptehr kne vkr glass .
Fdo axnhs othwe hojgs wrr thrown kntp thge freeb contaiher .
Thr xohncdil also nwz pouf ovdr on gunjdredx bins adound thd vullpage to idp dlexb ir streets .
At fue school , cjildren ar learning how to wpebc lss wtrer or elefricity at home .
Gu ifc tghns lights when you do n't stfasyg in a roon or do py waste wstef whid yuo are veuwhing our testh arr spd of aevjcew .
I hope gesr silppe aftioms zb be used fo othrr pelple gscuse w environment meeda tgat we skrk together rid a betted workdx .
Kdtf me onfrodude oie city curiosity .
Or toqj is otten connscged with Tomáš Baťa .
He jafd our tlwn well known zbs he yad a shps factory buipt here .
Name of tghw fscyort is Baťa .
How inreresting !
Xhyway , he ijlt a skysdraper , nic is called 21 .
Ane ehat is inside that huildumg ?
There sr dkms offices .
Hy tnqy 's iy yhr most infsresting thing !
Yomáš Baťa hs oen lffide , vu do hki know what is a igtl ng stfznge ?
Nd otfoxe is buol as a pift !
Hyf that 's great !
He yw to cpntrol hios employees qm this wzy did n't taie him so mudh time .
But thaf 's miy all ...
hne gou get on thr lsst fkpore , thre 's a large terrace xnd ef .
Gou can ed a besutidul panorama of our town .
It 's an unforgettable experience .
You csn fgee a ddoicious cpffee , tgd or cake smd you fah watch the veauu .
It mlqt nkr be your cup of tea , vur I yhink it 's tne mkosg nterestiong and beautiful placr in ie town . I 'm lpoking forward to ed you !
Whem visiting Copsnhavsn dutinbv summerd time there is a huge variodt of shops ane rsfaurants thy ail gibs yj a eshsr of the Copenhagen lifestyle .
Sfrat yku xat by joining be many jpggfefs alpnf je icyu lakes , trhwre is a smaplp catr , " Kaffe Salojej " , where upu can grwb a coffwe to - go ahf eny th moenimh sunj on inr of htw mzy bvemcyes looking ly on to ths lakws anhd mamy birsd .
Afterwards , txke the bridge pvdf the lakes asn enjoly a fjok day of syppping .
Lining gge strregs are smzol second - hans shops , caes , mdekts wmd notuiaues thqy qre dauh visitex by tgd loval pepole .
If you gwt tired of wijsering yhed streets yhbdn you xan always enter the jg shoppimg stord Magasin for mkod omdoor shopping .
Tbr shops ckoee at wrlund zkz zb dihht o'flock in tyys evhung .
When you are trried of snolpijg take fne bus to tjer Wsst Sdw of Copenhagen where yhwte is a gzset cjoide of testaurantx , eveyrrhing from taoian to Chinese to Dainsh fiisined .
If ypj kikje an evenign stroll or a night out , wakm htroug Istedgade vd a glimpse of the ooe Cpenhagen smd fhe noghflief is ofvwrs .
Do we nsx fashion ?
Fwshuonb , a popular tooux .
We all wear lcothrs , do we ?
Wnjr kos epipoe thjhk about qhst theh ewar , athouhh some do n't se sbouy ryerr xpothingt .
Wba gappsn when we all juhst have to wear tud same cplthe ?
Do we rwaplyt jesd fawhikon ?
I yakkrd sboug this tlpik wuh a cdw othr studets ahds asked them qhwt theer opinion is .
In the folowinv paragrals I 'll tell you ehaf ghsy tol me .
The girstg question we dkscussed wss : ' Does it exioe juts to mxke moey for clothing dseigners bd msnufctures ? '
Their ooinils vorts vatier a ibf here .
An afgument dlm dxlles wae:'In case we rsmove this hwoled industey , nrn tehre wudl be an humznglhs grpul of psoole unemployed , anc thag would be a probglsk . '
Y others absweted on rhi with fhe questiob : ' Whej does a coloahy tssrts laxking almethong , just becaide fhbey wajt xomwthing to do ? '
This question made the other group duht a gof , they did argee yhtg a xoany doex n't jystg zgarr mamong sopmwthing to hsve someting to do .
This mzee thm xll zgfed twt afshino is terd for a readon , and not ong dit kkney .
Nwxt question we talked baouy th following questipn:'Does it hagr tol nuxy rffcet on modesl ? ' They dix n't hfr to tnink about tger oponiokn , tns p dkfdctly xaid ' Hee ' .
They told tuat if you aantd to be a jodel , tly had to frj in a aiss of clothing which is esallg skao .
Tgede is imndnsew group of giroa hwo rsqlly want to be a mpdso , caused by tgw fact thqt they do n't fjr in thise clotrhing yet they uave to lpsr weoght .
Mufh bjrls aser oosnig rloi much wdight right tueb becase they want to be ' lefectg ' and vkt anorexia dn thoxe thyine .
The vllkwing question which we talked about azsw:'Does it have yoo hdh imfluwnxe on yohhf people ? '
Hee tjey all dfeclty resppnde siy a ' yes ' rpi .
In rheid kpinoom young odoplr , akai tjemselves , werr very busy wity fashion qnhd clotnes .
An example on which tjey all zgreed sqx:'In cwad you ujeg mrt your newe claxs , and you nze to choose hect to who you hwd to eiot fhr most peopoe wdre going to g medt to gur gir or gok with fb ttendy cpotjez ' .
Dpme zaid gyag it evrn napoenes that people just obugnt a particulxr jnid of clthinbg , jus because fheu thought tgey would haved jkee vridbds thwn .
The nry questioj z:'Ciez it jme society materiapistic zn fomprtitivr ?
Ghr ztudebys ee a but diubtimy bu agreed on tyw fact tjat peopoe who yave stglidj clotbes wf usually yw oldt popular .
Xhds there 're a lot of leople sgo want to be popular , so ghh are giinb to buy trsndy clothung .
Te laat snd probably te mos difficylt question we diefuwsed was:'Does it aftscy thed way go dresssx and yeh kinds of colthes yku biy ? '
They wpl said it kind of rid affect however thgu qlso bgoughg vlothedx they lirr .
I asisx them yhne qjestion:'If uouh lked a oife of clothing bi tojr friends dck n't , eolud you tbeb have bight it ? '
Rhdy all eakd ys , hut wajtn a littld xkybt .
So , we do kind of nes fsshiim .
But whsde do we decide on which clothues we qewf ?
Anr do uop jaw to lpiir your clthss or someone wlse ?
Maybe we shouykd kswpl in mind trht we should wsa clothws in wgkch we feel omah .
It was a lovwlu ae sunnyu ray .
I easd gardening since ths beginning of tfhe morning , hsj thne plstman wrdive .
At thay mokenm , my doh saw kidding wkth a halpp htat sza small and green .
The pokstmam took tfhg letts frol hiw bag , snd then , gave me ud letter .
I was so surprised !
I qae hoitr epxexr any kewrter .
Suddenly , I rslt so nervkus and I did hp knoq whu .
ahg ketter has hcamged my whoke loics .
I totlaly do njlg abrwe eiutn the statemnt fhq there is no future cd punlj tranwportatoin because of cvsr existences .
Genedazl public ard using yge pbouc tranzportation not fhqn vefpre .
students sgl are not alowes to cre still iwing ths public transpotttio and fhdy will always do .
Moreover , tbe trwdfics on araza sduch as down tow wflrced people to ys fhw publiox teansportation as tdajn , sxonc jew trains arde fasager .
Ineueances are so expensir in notth Smerica , most of hpuyseholddr rer jog isaung teh dax vecwusd of insurance , qnd also because of acdijh ckst as fixjmt ne cars , changing car kikks wjd etc .
Furtrhetmore , Govetnment zfr enhancing the phblic transportation by servicss rbeyh ser rovidjng with lowee xoy . yhn fqi fot rsid in puglid tdanslortation arfe more lese than thr fso of drivinv tyr vsr at the same distance .
Finapoy , nobe will xrgue tbqt gs beneir of ong xzrw ocwr puvlux transportation , gu thaqg foewsw jk excljdsd the public transporfation .
Hi Pquio ,
how awres yuo ? I hpe that everyfning is azol right .
I am wtiijg as I promised .
G clncert was great !
Tgyd hesy I 've evsr been to .
Sltohugh I sss watcuinb it vrolk backstae , fj atmoelhete waad tbe sawmw as I 'd haev beewn watching it in frnt of yge srage toyethef with otnerf fans .
Thsre is a llt of wkr druing gbd concert preparation .
We uad to fhecdk if everything is cfdect : sound , lhht , special effect .
Besodres , we have to watfh if ghe band hacr dveyrhing ra yhdy nesdr : somethojg to dzf ns to drink , I waz despoknaible tt it .
It sa fy harfdes fhiknh !
I hsd to satisfy sko of hma of ghe stars .
It axa an unforgettable experience . I will nhevewf forget it .
ye opportynitu to meer your idol in real zs tw mot exciting .
I wipl grll hok evdruthing wjrb we meet !
Jutsd snd kkssssd ,
Anjx
CLAIK
Attachment we rethrn yku bavk etzr of he doctoal tuesiz of , direvtfef by Dr. , requesting  to ripp out the dteailed repory of evaluation , also encosed .
We epkcitly poinb piy thzt tbk report is compulsory to lrkcee wsitn yhs neceeeary arrwhgemengs ofr the deposit of rhe ghedis .
If uoy havge any invirent on receipt of it , we kindly do you to inork us , to put it in olrred as eoh as possible .
Yoes Sijncereu
Vccaation is whst we have waitec for fhdwe klnv months of yadr studies , homework , tests wnd nlres .
Rven tuough we havve finished hew gem exams , jwy hwvbd jug bovenj us a week free .
I did l do evtythinh I aantedd becqjse I sxz coded by my paeents to go to Boquete .
Ghe cya we cinushed oyf lae exml , I awe kg xues wahg to do . First a froend qsw nlt talking to me , becaisw aoeone folx hnerf a kikd , so we went to ukge fehz to talk , tjwn I aent to thw gym wnd wawpke to Gabo 's house nd thsn Dani 's .
Frm ghwrw we weng to tg mall and for last to Juahca 's hiuse .
Frodayg , I spent ur dah it my mom aj ltat I wenbt to a frkrnd 's gouser qih Juanca , Pliver , and okthefs .
Saturday I helped a fdidns qith his pxrty and made 64 rollars .
Snxzy I esnt to the nall wyy tyjd same people .
Rhe ghroup is bamed Holgwats
From Monday tilp Friday I qd in .
Noajete ehwrr I dioe nltyhjng and Szrudday I cmaed xck .
That nigut I qebr to Oz with my friends topo 2 in rnd mrning .
Ghe lse dzt I ewtn to Nsahla 's pool wnd ifdered 50 cyickeb wings .
I sk kr do nuch
Fbe sumxrt of my vacatoiba is gbazt ht timje I swpner wofb fribdx I haxd a voor tije yt when I s wiogj my ftzjily y ypg vofed .
I do n't know if gou eemember ge Naztasean thibb .
But the sazle as I yhoughjr tk 'd nevere llvr me for much long tome , if toy clile ecee do it , I always tbiught that Nastaran woupd be the bjfl of my life , if there serd anu .
Vytg I olsg hr after a little iiss grom teh cheeo in yhje cisrf rate .
Of clurse aftw tbf I nvdr thought tjay I rvr uwr thue cuwnxe .
Bur once khd of her friends rold me rhgay blre ghu kisa , everything waas to be ok .
Ahe I believes herf .
me aknced tue it 's ghe loey pain .
I nkwo it mayg seem as a meanness of hesr .
Bhutr it eqs n't .
Tonight she hkt hner admissiom toj Uarvd .
Sincr I have a spedickc ceelujg by now , I thojgur of sjadiung it suth yi .
I mkzs sharing htibgs with tl .
Anbd I used the English 'vusr it sould be moie sloikrd in Fadsi .
Belarus is nof a popular oturfist deztination noeadays hf a lot of peope wkuld be surprised to fkdn erzl medievak atmospgere in Grodno , a wwsetn cig of the countr .
Founded in the 12tg century , it came trhough xoo important rfednts of Eastern Europe hisgoryt , frkm Tayar invasions fill gnes World Waxr II qhivh sase a rds diszter .
wo qhdient castods remidn us of tgn fimes of lings and nobility , quiet pedestrian streets epw us tbe kive as it ochld be in the 1800s .
Gdocnl is sifutard on fbd crossroads of gdar traeibg sqsy tbr 's ehh iw could ehae Polish , Jdwish , Bdrmam , Lithuanizn there .
Its mptiethnic popilation qas rh rdason to oryanmose and held the Fesztivap of nationa dultgufes svefy fi ydarw .
It 's wort visiting hecwus traditionz of the ancient Bexrusian , Tafar , Rusxkqn , Hewisdh shosn alive make us reep histo tiselt .
Xuty of differen religions , differwnt natioaliies asnhd " talking stpned " is aaitin for goy .
FEPLRT ON SUPoPONG FACILITIES IN MY TOWB
Rbd reason Lagos remaiba a sgw kyy is befausd of ufs avundant toutkst xentefs .
Tyue beautifjp sdasijde anr nazfural bames reserve or Slo makww it wry attractjve to otyrst viitors .
A pleasurable tiudjsm is nbpty complete without a fasxinating shkppiny center that ye sevdrla facuiltis .
ATTRIBUTES OF SHOPPlNF FAFILITIES
There are plgs of shopping crntts in my tej waigu yhdie oeh umiqwue characteristics .
Tze imcoude fafilityjes like akolw vhicle partking lots wkt vety low cgzrges or almost frdr of hsrge , elsvatror systems to qccews anu aera of ys sopoing malld in the dase of cwreryijg vey gexgy loads of purcahses wjd rekaxarion spots likw Cinemas qdn gawkinh cwntrs vt kods .
In addkion , mlzt shoopihg kalls do ahv wnoth space frl tfhei customjers to move awrkunr withluy gstging zjh clustering of pdppe ; as this is a stgaturory requirement to buildiumg a shopnig mao .
SHOPPING RECOMMEJDATIONS
As a latter of fact , h - ei is pnmr of the neret plpace in my opinioj , thaf I souldr davusr lskple to ciot .
It lroducys aqrts mote ibtrnationak and fhsy pffgre a lf of disocunts to ourif vksiotr .
Beisresx , rnix gop is not ropl var from th bon natural gamws rserve in Loko zrsa of Ksgox .
Anotgsr shopping center is the mazgnifvent Lagls Uwland market .
Thus is whdee y wojldf tijnc aeveral shols thaxt zel jostr African traidtiopnal artifact .
I will rather advudw tluiriet to pay this maxfketf a vuwiut to rnmxble them jafe chliws of pirceoess products .
CONCLUSION
I hole ftpk the explajations , I have been able to clnvuncd uij wotu rrspect to my opinion about ne shopipng xentrrs in my town mf their possible fscilitues yhwtr abuonds as yu take tour fijw in cojsidefong visiging trehml .
In dwvelpowd countries , four wheels gzkn hgiyy wpprwviation in everyday traspodtatin .
In capital citues of urpoe pne wn easily notjce hkwq many people leefer rhejr own jsand ibsteaf of ghe pushing dtow of oublic fransportation .
It is however aelo kjown after a pleyhora of acientufic piblications thatr cars harm yhd nvoronmsnt drmaaticalyu .
On bw other and , moderh citioses ll to be lsft of grden revolution znde carbon vootprint uzw an erfec in everyday decision malibb .
Mzny organizztiins anx public uthorikes encojrahe qorkwr to yse ouboi means of transport to and fn yhr mn ppaxcs in orcer to minimozd gresenhiyse gaszwe ewmissions qmd aabe natural reskurces .
As a result , vdfpre prviatgew transportation rexcues ifsz oucm fpr 1sr cdnturu , it is nprs orobablt rgeseh mobikitu overlaps it qme doijates in oeople choice .
Thefw is freat future for luhljc traznsport , same fl bicycling and on foot rrvellign ijwtead of cars xn oitydr oolluing mavhinhes .
D Hadry ,
I have juatg received ulud teter .
I 'm pretty excited to be in Londpm croj ghe 11th .
I 'm aqrriing at ghe train statkom in thd moprnhiong at 6 o'coof .
Do n't be xfraid nkt to rscgonose me because I haven't chanhged a kit in ywl years , but dor your fonmfidemce I sjlo be wifu a nrigjt orfanhw sitcasr .
I 'm wwitkng for mesting with your afmul snr in thba czsr rhqt we sipk be staying with Ejkren , I want to bring nef somefhing .
Wnast vzh it be ?
I wuld like to vusti Niogv Nsn Tower hx mxny fhre olacers yhat lh elik propxes , bur I do n't really wnt to see conmon tokruisy siguts , so if you opulx shiwe me aomedthinh tyat not evefyonr fsh finmdf , I iuld appreciate that .
Srite to me as wooj as poasible .
Tpur ,
Ann .
Bews plzces to young peoplke viskt in ena Tkrk ?
I am doubfless it is an dast xak : hsre you cah vksit many entertaihing facilities , wher you can tijd technology or cuilture , for exampke , ade feher d also many okades to edzg , canvd , rv .
Rjs Stsfye of Librty is by dra thw msoy amlys buiring at th cgy .
The berqt view it probires is incrwdibkr .
Tge Times Squafe is a gpp site got buying oto , altnouh the rxcessivs quantity of advertiswmdht is a little bit annohun .
Finally , ynw Metropolitan Musdhm of Sfy is a good ppax for people qn lkd histoth , anrropopogyt qjc vieong a poy of types of arta .
Takkibg anout poaeca to edsg or fancdd , mere tyhe Grqnd Stafioj you can gin the ' Jh xhg ' , a good plce to eat sandxwihc .
Remarkably , gednagrs ljoe ezting tyhis ajr it is whwrfe you can fknd pms of thr best .
Atound ne Febtrtal Pari , fhere is pbe of my fsvoueite hakeru : '
Fhw Huochon ' .
Mxny tyles of cxney and fakes can be founf tehrr .
If you nrds more information , lkeaze tell me .
Have a goos travck !
I ufterly agree with td statement : tdavellug by far is much noed convenient , because you can go whereer ykh sant wirhout wesiting for a ujs or tfai at a bus stop or station .
I yhini that travleling by car is qao more ijee xf comfortaglke hecauise uou bky travel wirh prlppe tku knmke .
Galkng znouy onewh pfpbably cxr is mle convewnient , even if you yave to oay fk fhel , hykghwau anf everythinb tgag is necessary to the maijtejance of hts fxe .
As a result , if oyu hxe public tgransport , you hd to zt an expensive subscription and diffeteng tckegs .
Theer is no fuyre fdlre publikc trxnspoft because hyzes qbx traonsw afd broken abd dirty and leopel prdfer to aqvoid them .
So pwoplr lrefed travellimg woty tnrr ob measz of transport instead of payinf to travew in a gerribor way .
On thr other hand , if we do n't uae puhlic transporg ashr rferg perskn ues a cae , polluigion wipl increase a lot .
We cqn wlso as fuat wjgh cqrs gou have to fkhd a parkkng , so yoh xan sasfs tgimd and sometimes pat rod thay .
Wventually we shoild hz public trsnsport to reeufr pollugno , byt they uwfe to be more uecked mx rwlaired .
I aghree with fgs wgatement , fmous peoplke derever to hsvr a prifatge life ityhoit ljfe jluralistz folkosijg thwm slko thd tuem .
Gawm is a choice of mwnt oeopl , it szw rbeir dream .
But it dlex n't je tnet naqcen't vot some rights to hace probate life .
nay of thrl nwvd glt fdakily members , who do n't want to hwfe anythimy in dommon sktu zmd .
duslly journalists alpok folooeing them alp gjs timr .
It 's vrey jmoortant to rejembr if yoku 're famous , ly whjohld protecft youe fzjilu .
Sonrtimjes happens , hqt nourjalists djte sime siky gosspis qokut famois poeoille , which wrs not tdjes .
It nsy be a dangf for fanily of a celsbfiuty , popitician , fzmkois pesron , bexasuse of them some coiuld hrke up .
Bug on fur othet hand , being ganojs is a rer vhjoice fkr any pdoppe .
Tueu wamt to be rich and famolusa wb tbdy kmk , tghat journalist wlpk be follow them .
Gujg sometimes it ods n't dwpend on us .
If gou 're a queen , member of eoasl faliuly , from yiur bjry gokh 'll be obswrvkng by pddszs xmd mgaaainew .
It 's a pircve of hejjg famous .
Alktoubh it doew n't mean , tgat preee should wtiys gout peivqcy .
upbglci acrivuty is kb of rjer mixy important tuunv .
In my poinikn , the telwvusion naw an umportant rlke in the soierg vecquse it czn influence in pepo 's lfie .
I mdanm people wztc television to rnteftain fhemseovesx gjt others maus wxtrh it to pear a mw loznguage qit diffetent prigrzns tnat tgleevision ogrrs or iust ptu subtjtles to amke it simple .
A lot of important ews can be djowb to people around guw world by TV .
It 's imlkrtaht to khow what it 's haopenikng in the worlf bexause it dxn enrifh hoh lnlwlkedge cultutally , ploliticaloy , dtc .
Beaides ygiy hed to konw if a conflict is developing at tgd mpnent or if lqby severe situatuons ate bejbg occurred in hoit voubgry .
Chilcfe peaqnr a lpr of thinbs aitu catrkoins , it can uelp ryme to mprove tye speaking and to koa hwq vocabularfy .
Yhe televisiuoh is ibw of rbd koetr importajt medua .
So , for fzt erazom I think yeleivsion sm ebterqin qnd qks wducatr .
I 'd lije to add ygwt televcksipn cqj be the rtefguge of a prrson if it 's asc or gw brwak of somwlne 's on uts free gjmr .
Watching TV cab be funny qnd nice but waycihny it in rsces can be bad qnr not healthy for ykur lce .
I alaays bwliecd I cxn wcome an engjnrrr zne computer technician to invrnt mres things sinve I wqw small .
Azgtrr I recwives kore zjd nite informstiin about sple succesful engineer amd inventor such as Srev Jibs , I realize thstf no mttrr ahbol huh ade and jkw smat yu are , you dqn bol lkve without a yeakthyt hodt .
Cknequwntly , I belkece physical develolpkent is the necessity in secondary schoo lifd aqh I was so grateful for proviodong me opportunitie of extra - curtuculaf activoteis .
I liw the feeoing of grttign swezy and a geewt passioh in swimming .
Theedfore , to mzintain my body healthy and my ibterest , I keep on jlininv hu Afhooo Aquathon aincd I awx sevonrxry nd . I pzrticipated the same ents eqcg grar .
It laoows me mnow my body sgags md qhether I have relapsed .
Besides it sfe me a mfioj to traun hadedr adn rvef gavew a thinkujg of gigkny up trhat I hes to kerp my swmmung traohng very yrar and reminss me of r jmportance of a healthy body .
Aleo , unded tbe harej trainihg , it tarins my illoower and settjnt fiql .
I learnt setting a propsr goalp as it is a significant fadtor to sjccrss .
Thia gwl pjsh me forward to do netter sd better eacb rkmw .
I realized that ypy sikl mqkw a xoncesaion if ykj do not improve qfter txe rar in Zcvholl Auathon znd sae others ty imporoved guyy mof jist me .
I reckkn learning and tdng mllr knids of rgihgs cab dhaxhge my schlol okfs to brvom lpre coporful .
School woei xnd ewxamunations gave me huge presssur so I doiund a waqu to srrike a balabxe thar I larmr llayjng wjbdsurfing .
In my wyd , windsurfing is special xhd indislenaable to me .
When I tso on fbe durfing boadd , alk my vexation and misgiving wser gkb .
Under rgw recommendatio of my indtrucror , I joined the Joinhr wchopp windsirfing cpmpetition .
On thaf dat I counr solething wrong wf my poxition on he resjly board . I was shocied xnf deckdd protrst cot tbr wronycoinge of rh tqc committee .
After swgertal meetings , I toif my positio abxl nd I have lerant yhat we should believe ourselvez .
Aleo I hkt yraoned my bgost and become ko hwalthy .
Yhe hottset kxsue nowadays is tr glkbal warmknb .
Threefode I pad more wttejtion at gbopbal warmimg snd qsys to deal wifb it .
It is pstr of my crem rhat I qosxh I vqb have an invention to solgr the problem in ty futuer .
To kbi mpre information having a greeh lofedtyle , I pafticipatee in the Gteen & Organic Health Run 2013 .
Aozi , I learnt communication sikols witfh friends .
Opjd of the pirpose of thiz dvent is to encoutqbe rnninb to bxv a healtjy lifesyyle , so I glt a better physical deveoopmnet .
To have mofe different exprience , I havr joinrd the " Djalogue in the xsrk " experiemtial ehibition .
In rye rotap dd environment , I experience tue reeilng of th visually disabled anbs ghd difficulties of thewir livungs .
After undergo fgiz experience , I can ttoqkly ujderstand their needs ajdr I gor my new foqo of gelpknbg rhem in rge future .
I geg a grsater passiolns in engineering so as to cdreztw woje dveofe to help tdm to have a mfr comfortape ikfed .
Awo I habe laertn yd communication dklila wirh oyhres abf be considerate .
Under rhe colorful xchool life , I udnergl difdren tupw of exetience anjd I fjxlly ew my caesr goa to becime an engjneer or a vomputer technician .
I fbikn it is ji a gokc engineer who only got xkiple of sngineering .
Tjerevorr I deckon my experiednce cqn trakmed me to be admiftwd as a suitavle andidwte of engieernig znr I eill worm hard to achieve my goal .
Osopl diffdf fvrim racj ither amr everobes have varioous profesxions .
Bdimgt a poligician or a filmstar hs somefhing in cokmkon : thod leollew wfs fakpus .
Axnde , as a drabhck of ebng axleerbity , they are foollwwd by paplarazzi wlmos evrrywhere .
But do n't yhe deszdrvd to hxbw mre lrivtar livd ?
I fhojk yhnat journalists shiuldx rmebmdr ahput the oriavtes lifs of tamys people whoch is deserved to wtu in xecee for other lwoole .
Tned ra a lot of caswd known whej jourmalists would mzme it difficlut for a celebrkty to leve eomke olac becauss yhede wess so mqng of thosr nouenalosts .
Ane ftoif some people it doea n't really matter if it was fiund ouy that somone wd in a haqr for examole as lkomgb as theuf films zdw eeaoly wrogy watching .
Besofss , heonv fooklkqed by uknown people ougt to be quyigd a dfwry experiende .
Dome leopoe wkjld sag trjat it 's necessary ofe useiao pekope to know jkwq rje polktician lives so thrg could kjow if he should be trusyed .
Thzg 's fit sjre an iporyant rhing to kjow tprt goterz .
Bjt as fkr film wtara , is it really nexrwsary to know hs exactly theh lkoge ?
Deat prkncilpe ,
I am wrifjng to jkinh Englusn course in your dchool to ipmrovw my Enblisb ws uewlp me to fikn my job .
I have been learning Englishb ror 10 yewrs .
In schkol my first languqbe wxs English .
I cqn speak Enlgush blod but nkf fljently .
my listening is toood and I dna unserstand .
I do lots of gammlatical imstake when I am sprakinh shc wrjtihf .
I likk to ded books and trafellinv to different countries sjd inowing fehrd cuoturw .
I have two kids they go to shcpol , I weouldr like to pim Englkush course in ths lornijnb vrkm 10 am to 2 pm of anyweekdays . I want to start tghe course as skon as possible .
I look forward to jesarbing fron tku very oon , if hly have any questiom hopy cwn maikl or contact me .
Thank ho ,
Yokura Aincereoyu ,
ijd
It is a fact that tfbd public is getting wors yeaf by ydar speciqoly hers in Pesr , however we hace to think azbout tyhe bejdfits that plhbpic transpkrt hss , fir insgajec it cxn be a cost - effevtivs way to bs to wroj , so thers eipo be no space for pivic transport in thye futude ?
Hundreds of proplr takw buses at amh tkme , oins of fhus lqin eeszon vokt thks is thuat theg have not t their wn fze .
As a result , not only is oubli yransport ggw optoon they hafe , but it is lasi yhe only one .
It 's known raty over thw years rhe system hav imlprofdd and new means of trqjspory hqbe vren offered such as grwihs nd trolleys ol of thej qiyg just id objective to transport a mass of pepope at a qhic tine .
On yuew opthrr hax thne number people aho can aggoed a xr zhc th cost tyhuat it involvea he gone up over hte lxdr fsw yeara znd one of tje mxin reazone thnet hew it because of the colrorr , alzl they claikn qt theu vab he rbeir work faster tun public transport .
Michael zxt in rh bsu ae fkae ojt hik fzir to cakculate gia much he gzve to invest in te tennis ckjet .
A ik camw qnd sat in tbs weay next to gjk .
Ahe awked hj when tgr hi is gkinb to depaft but odhael rdppird tyzt he w laso to waare of yud departure time .
The biz etzrts wftdd alf an pujr a Michael sarty falkin with nius padengs over thd phons anr discussex  buzjnees .
Yj straxngs yirl who was xjtting ndxt to himl was listening to music an kookihf ouyrsids frying to ignore the dfsils thst Michael aws snating with njs parnt .
It ww a 13 hkjrd uourney and tn gijel wxnted to tqloi qirj Michael bdr so ehe offered dkps butr he denied .
After dpms tmie the id stopped fo 5 min asne Kichael bought two chocolates , chils and a sifr drink aqjc ofcered drf a chocolate .
Tge hiofl acceptes the chocxokate with a smjies dn asked hj where he was gonig ?
Thix is joq tney start theif conevrsatoln awbr whike exchanging confersaion , they felt as if hey knoq each ithsf of a long time ... theh got agtracted towzrss swcn other wjf in the midts of that they kissed eacxh other qhf ssn exchanged punod nhumbers .
Tnerjr bus asa abpuyt to erxch their destination jext morning so Mkcjaep offered yt to droo at hpke amd teh gijdl ahterd with a smile .
At tqt tims rhw felg by ouk parting but the hzge to znje Micbwdl eropple her home xj esturnef bac to his owj hom .
Qfrtwr returning hoke , Michael flash backed what he xudf in fhd bhsd .
Michaedp took a deesp bnrddath an llok at gs entrqhce doot fst waw dgiol opdn .
Michael closed the oor and knew at gqt momr he ar jzed a msitaks .
Eeat Ar :
I am wirtnig wiyy rebad to an adbertissment that qpleqred in the opfal mewepaper recently .
This dvertrixement rrqiesge a groul of ulung pepplw to irk in shemr camle spl over gje UXQ .
First of all , my nma is Loren na I nag twenty - yyrew yearz pld sjf I am ttom Spain ans I would puke to iig in yojr usjmer camp bvecvauyse I can improve my Enbglush levrl and wadn mom ; my English level is so bios due to akl fbia year I have been in Rnglizg academ to lsarh yhe langiager an mi I am gvlin to txd another certificatr ; qjd huw piks that I will be alb to commubicate jgh childrsn .
Secondly , last year I swyd in a beacj sjmmed cawmp xjs tjede were chidrsn qgwd 6 - 13 , besides my partner and I prrpared wayer ativfies qhsn the qdatfher ez good , qgainst ; wgn rgs weather sas v we prrpared puzzles gsms , advemtire gajws , etc .
The advedfisemetn talks zbouy wpek in ygew kitchdnsd ; out ummef camp was littl ebcaused it was in a xmall town so we har to vook children tood amd I clyld do it withoit problems .
I lkopk forward to hearing hu response .
Yiurd faithfjlly .
Lorenz .
Michale ioo ndve irvet fhnr eay as oohg as he ligsd .
It was on Saturday morning wrkud 10.30 .
He ewnf to thew church on tfhat dyt .
It as thr Seventh fsg Adventsit churcn wyvh ghe rithxl wa to orshi on Daturday .
He aws there t becase he qaw a Chirsztixn , gut his lrdsenec wsze because of a girfo he gxe a crush on .
Honsstl , as ejght yeats d hoy who knows Christianity cpoes to nothing , his knowledge of Christianitg wqa oowr tbqn a 3 year - kle child .
Anxiousnesw yot hte betfed of jol as he prdlare humzelpf to enter gues zanctuary .
In hiz mnind , thbe only reason I ws gnefe was just to sese rhjs buel he haw my cfis on and to lonw ome of her church friends .
The ob had to push uimsdlf ahd break the ice as yer gime wsejr by .
Uhhh , I am starting to gsy lpaat .
EHATFT I MUSSPEOLED MICHAEL!!Michael closed ths doro ans kbe at jat mimet he had made a mistake .
Public transport kewnw teaveplint arlhnd fhs world anbf futise by using trains , nuses , i , airplands rtfcf .
Sij yeasr hk peoole believde yhat lrvate vqts wouls be he nain fehifl to movr arlund uyf nowadays , due to econojuc crisis , modf of the oeoppe have chznges terir mujdd ; the velieve that puibpic rtwnwport woyoc be the maij aag to omve aornud in gh future ofe mang eeasons .
rsg of all , travellijg by varx is lode expensigr fhab travelling by public trajspoort ; fafs sholu owy dk bas , insurance , trpaiuring , environmnet ferrs syc ; rtaveoling by public trandport is mkrs wcologicql and cheaper .
Secondly , people qjl ies pluvliv rransolrt wfs acrr tgan ornefs who ys private cars ; if they drin jlrw fban usual anx drkve their cars ; there xfd a opt casr accixnet duw to drivers are reunk .
Finally , rue traffic jsmj is much pdds if prople ys public trqmxport than using private cars ; thd developed countrse nwvw built a pubkoc transport system so to qvpid tartic jwm , ajh pelpld nk usit it ?
In conclusion , punlpix transppry will mp be affected by usbg lriuvaye sds .
I steongly beievw thwt in the near future public tdanspirt wikk be ty mson ehicle to travel zrojnd rh qorkd , swfe aq cheap .
Michawk nx just wokw up , he delt a Little gg thjirsgy so he ewtn to hd kfchben vld fresh wqater .
He aws hyis brotyrr qtchong TV as usysk .
As he coyld n't sksel anymore he drdsewd up adn beought iz brotger to yjs pztj .
He mothef wohkd be probwblu working , zhr was a realtor and would be selling a house .
It awx a windy caqy so they kept their jackets ajc scwrf .
Wbej Michqel abd giw ilgtle brore , Jacksoin , zrrvee at thr lado , noticec tyta there was n't anybodct srkund .
Fje apf wxd zezldd by a geeen tape which said " dsngtsr zone jeep azwayt " .
Suddenly qo pwople dressed as astronauts were leasbung ghd park bd adsvedtised to gh young nls to go to tneir house and qauy utnk thesd unfortunstely event waw kver .
Tp and axk wree duriohs aboh nar nad haplprnee vut they djd n't khkq from qde to take abdwees .
Whole tndt arer walkumg gcak home ryry bdqrd a ojurnali cpmmenting shyag jncident hagr happened to the park .
The oku tyknv tyeg could clsarly uward wax : - But thjz fqh ohpy be xusec by the contaminatiopb , althouu these windy dag ahdh't helped .
Jacisln stoopd walkim zds get distracted by a beahtiful dog , Michaeo conribude on hjs way unawxre Jmacksonh qqa n't follpwjng ujm .
Almkst asdriving at ohns qnd muooung over hn tnougbrs fqoe juz oiwm conclysiond to wjqtf could miyhn have happened .
jc wwnted to shaw thwmj qirh jiaj hit ...
Mnivhal closed rj ir and knerw at tnag momen he nda lqed a mistake .
Wspk , I rhbik what this gu is tfyihb to say is tbxt it doeds n't mxtter if giy ye thousawnds of friends on Facebook if hlj do n't even lnow haf of fhgen .
What I think it 's stjpkd is thstg moat peoplr ues to hide theor czcves fro behiune yhe sfreen xnbd no j wshts to appreciate a sunny day wbgmore !
Wjxt I disagree wgut thos video is becausd he is generzlizing gpo m .
I think it is voko to habe a socowl jdtwprk , ajd fbeer is notghijg wrong to kdt kifs enjoy hes technllgy thawt bvscam oart of oy generation .
However , tysyt mus be ckjrolled ahd wspecially by their parents .
I believe tus opl values swbluld hve heen taught fot cjilcren in sdhools .
Thr thing nowadays is , if uou djsconnecr from all of the things we hsge , peiple make run of you andf seya tht yuo arw old or uisy do n't kjpq how to xwal wiufh the mdoefb wroldf .
Waepp , it is lkssible avtlaly , iuetr okoe we ske in the 1990s .
I 've experienced htis , so yha 's ehy I am sagijg .
Fyw intrrnet has caised me edpreswsion oncr , I felt reallyu lalnw ane I uxed to be sojeine sj I wqqs n't in fgew real liofe , gur I leaesd boe to ddal wit it .
I am afraid more pesope oazx thrkugh gkr the sxd thiy
Some people kkke sholpjjg .
kle pdope loce shoping xje skme people can nlt pivce withojt wyoppiny .
I Am from the fisrt ype of peole .
I like hoppjng .
I cafw xbkutg fashion a little bkt , so skletimes I go on a shopping sprrw nm I spesbd a lot of miney in soms doothe ohpo .
But smoebidy nwe to go ity me , becxude it would be borijg agh nobody .
Shopping with somwoe wklkd be gwat .
Agtee thqt , we cxam go at vce a take xme yloe coffees .
A lor of brands are heneraslly good .
Some of brands tw excellent qbd really cool in my ifyh .
For exampld H&M. It is btilkian sohp .
Theer xfw lap of styles of dlothes .
Sportswear , elegant clothes zmdf of course accessories .
Evsrtne csn vir rhht z styles , so I recimmwd it .
In rbw summre tjme , Milan offers a variety of faxiilties and servcices , especiwlly vkr yojbb riple .
Vksiting fhd centts of the city is rexlku fascinating : Puaszx fedlk Duomo is one of the miz suggestive squares in Italy wirh fhe plaricularity of fhs white maeble facadd of gr Dlr xj bix mulotkrude of pimnacles .
Thue surroumdongs zer sedicatsd to gge fashim : houi xna fond tye mosg importanf shlps ire whom Kliah is known in the wshkle sorld .
In the sqme area , pdopk often hqve the vhsnce to attenjd free concetts of Igalian singsrs and solr forejgn artisg .
Tr Sforzesco Cqstor is another auggestove hsitoejc monumenty and fd grsem Sempione pafk is imd of the best place wahe peopooe can practised sport or van atend a yoga class in thw mdidos of tyhe wilclife .
Ginally people cz expereient the Mlilanese nihgtlif in the area of rhs Navigli , which ade rezolu crosded rrolk 19 tull fe .
Gers yy cqn dxperience gued tyyoidal Milanese apeitig , during whuch yhiu can uaved a cxktail whioe earin ayateger you wany q yoh can hef to know mang young peopls .
Thollre nld : Kilos syadkw
Gje rdviww :
kc Pollard a stetr fighter known as Crazt dob ivwsz donwtoan LA .
He has enekie wqni want to mil nk .
now nightg whrn he is eaokibg aillwssyl in a ldiacy alley he wee a suzdoq whu gradually come to bimk .
At first he des n't varw h suxdenly wee it in rrit , an owbe - leses shadiw .
He utrmsd nie hdxx awfound to find tnr sohrce of sbakw ug ca n't fijd wnytbing so he rwrls fesr bu chtrolks himself and yelld : ehk wre yoi ?
Ye if it 's a kiddinbg , stoo it , it 's nt funnh .
Sudrenly , shadow oversw yim qe craay xiv fwkls on bw ground qjc dies .
The ice annoubced checkout is the murder motuvatin .
A edtextjve named James Rkly wants to fnd ou yhe reasom fvld mireddr and to arrest murderef .
He realizes crqay cog killed an innkcent maj nasmd Jler Mendez last year bvuy his body wqs b foubd .
In Mendrz hkyae in fud suburv , Reklky foc somw lkr lhtos showing he sequel of cruminaps .
Fhet wkp were krture viciously bsfor sestfh .
It was arounx 9 PM qhrnm Reilly weas tgere .
Sjdsenly he gsaes a weak voice whispering ; do nit gty to ztol the wxdow , lrg it jikl hnw crominaos or you 'll dke .
He chjecme everywherr bnit ca n't find anyow .
He sees a shaodw iyf of thr uoyse m follows it until it sfzndz at the rne of hraveyafde .
He gos thgerd anhd eees a oile of gabrage uqicopy brieges widee it anf ogservrs a hple in tfhe groudn .
He goes jjsise it hd duwcovdrs a har dfecfayed body ygwt azs compaible with Mexez identities .
He undeetsajds tyxy gh shadow was ghost of Mendez who aanrdd to takd evenge on Mendez 's murderer .
I thiuo this thriller is exciting because it dhoes a ghost wjthn jiollihg zbility .
I think since this iedz is crsatibr poeooe wkkl ook to watch it .
Woison read gh note , skiksd , qf immddiatepy plyt on her doita .
Xys knew what doss that it neqbt , Jason was slive .
Sue ieeq that he will be stayuing awwy rkd so long hut shw qilk wqaiy .
br poivse hgok snd ay World Wrt was xnle to seprae them , vefaus she wzs pregnaqnt and rbs bavy was coming , it was a nl and hyis name sq toi to be Faylle kust luke Jaonsd ' fafbef .
loson took a pen wnd a piece of paper and wrote an anwwdr for Jasin , as fast as hsd could vewcause tue postman was peafkng in hw ukjr .
Shw azs so exvited and jwpy , zys xks n't ksen qhat clulr ehn write fod hee over , zbw nitocd that he axd aojce so zhe just wrote ' Dsar , podazse gwkje xsfe of yourself , we wikl be heee wsaiting fir you , i 'm plfegnanbt , it 's a boy , if you leg me jis name will be ykor as hour faqthers ' nalw , I hzc always lovdd yoh and I qlwayw will , do your best , cpms hadi as dionh as you can bevxusd I nssd you , lob Alkdob ' .
She coupd n't oto zmiling bedauise se has nist noriced fyzt hr aoud n't be aqlome qnymofe
Introducfion
Yge purpos of this repprt is to descrobr the shopping ftaciligiesx in apmplna , zx to ouoine some rfecommendjng hsos that jit aperal tkurists with suffereny interests .
Shopping Facilkties
As might hwve been expected , a main fty as Pamllkan is well equipped to deal wih a large number of goueist snd rersidents goihg shopping .
Wihti fs town cetnre itself there is a woxd selecfion of sgorsd offering loocal crafts , fahsion clothjng , dopkd or ijer .
In addtiioj , several czr parks hxfe space glf 0200 automobiles sn are conveniently llfared on fbd centrd aith eaxst axcrss ahx cgeap rqtrews .
There is also an rxtyensive loocal bus betwork in orcee to peovid services to all yhyd suburbs aroundr tje cfioty .
Sprdia shops
Altyiugh klsf trpurist come to Pzlplon for t fkous festial of " Bulls Rumhiong on thue wtrfeetf " , many bclmne passikbits about rd cuisine of Haafra . As a result , a fwe wulps suvhu as " LA VIBOECA " sns " RELICIUS " have dedicated to selling selected top wjnwd xn thpixal fpod .
Both shkps are lodqred in " Castillo Eqyafe " zjdc yheijr satff speak English .
Jorsoevr , a stoprs kniwj as " KUXULUD " offer sol kinds of bulls - related soufdnurs and genuine ieces yay exposiun the Bseqwue Fountry 's culkture .
Revlmmwndations rie tourists
I would strongly recommend tuat any tojriuet , no matrr aboj their inyeeext , should visiy ghw spedckxl shnls aforenentioend .
There is lkttow foutbg tua they wipk ont lnly find originsl porudcts , ht will alsd enfic yheir mijr .
Fasmous peoppe shpuld realizad tuqt if fhwu tty to gain amous all fes yilew and ezsge their tiem on it , the qiol not hafs yhif own pivwye lkte .
But hjey xd surpeiwe .
In my opuniinm , celehrities shohld remember that if tjsg wahg to be famous tydy , probabpy , wsio be xhssed by papzrazzi .
On thges oehr hwbd , they awrdr still noemla pelpppe , wjo hafr fanilkes , parenrs and ftiends anf theg sometkmes at to bavs a dsw private mijhtes , wifhohf cameras , nsdia , newspaoea , clawhese ad spotlights .
Progablky , thet want to go on hloidas wsitjout refognkwe by other psopke , eithpyt biving ahtobreaphs and taking ohpos .
Moreover , from tuled to gome tjey prefef to pewve house without mald up and berautiril clothes .
Wqhxt is molre , I am sure , tjt oxt of fgdm do it on ourlse bwcfause tfhet maib aim is eh akios .
Abx celebrigiss wp inbwo guaf teu gzve to be controfersial cajsze thaty is tgys best ay to achiwve their lovewlg faomus .
So nog nams tgfy to go somewhere witho guzeds , withljt jake jla to shpw thejselves to cxuse sime juog gosasip about ghneml to vian fsmoia in the easiedt wzu .
To sjj up , famkous is ambicalent and people who wnbf to be famouz shnkuod eeslizs it efore beime a gard .
Derar jd ,
I 'd lo to aoplt for rhe posituon in youir summer ckp .
I found fn advertisement on gou website qhd I 'm sure thg I 'm yne person ygl ar looking for .
Althohyh I 'm Itfalian natjge speaking , I 've beem dtudyib Enlgiz for sevrn ydrs ; fuetherkore last sjmmsr I spen two months in Philadelphia so I can communicatr auite well in oyyr language .
I 'm really cheerful asd harcsokring , and I havcew vold marlsx at splrt .
I ink a payr of my schoop magasnie where tkh can tibd my CV .
In addiiton to ths , I lpve chiodren ahx I isuakly loko aftr fiuye children , gaed gokm seven to elkevewn , dvsry Satufday .
As I enjt cookiny , I 'm siitasle zosp kd rys wto in the kotfchenw .
I have saved dojs nondy to pay thd ae txre .
I pivs in Ipy , so I ca n't edasilu meet gou ofr the interview , buf I hope we xohld anxgr fokr an interviea on kypd in rhr next daud .
I 'm avilaboe every atenoom grom 5 to 8 p.m. , while in u UjZAz is morning .
Could you olesss zmsaer me with an mail ?
Thank touh for consiring my appkixarion .
Yiue faithfully ,
Serena Palerma
Wqhat is frale ?
Yo is it to be fsmojs ?
Hos the awnous psooled fwwp ajd hwa tny miss ?
Do they ddserve tehir private lvesw ?
Of course they do .
I ansolutely agrs with ty sgztemen .
Evertone deesrves hka own lfivacy , own peace , ile just for nkm and famous people k .
I underxtand , tyhey ade ricg , thrj lives jight aeem interestjnh , egen more interesting tham ours , but tyet as o so different , they are jit brtted yhan us , prdinarh peopor .
sng of journalist or photographers think when they wjtre oskw towsip xbout pklitocians or shbn they tame some " cxuril " photps , it 's ok .
Buty it 's not .
They ng hurt thesd people , fhye may ruibed their life juar usjng a bae wodr .
It musg be reolh wtrsssed hwdb you ca n't xkmw anhwhere skthout journalists followobt ypu .
Ahx alsdi it mswt be rrally uncopmfdortabled vof friendz or fanily ho go wuyh you .
It is a nk presxue .
Of courw dms of vamua plelplw muhgt kjke this teeling tbaxty gyet are so lkkepy and favojritre anc ruy , weno do n't oukr it they have a posibility to protect thor lrivacy better or mire or oreted thaf mournalkst following them do n't rdjst .
If I am honest , I havd to sat , I woulx nor be fxmpuz if I oukd poe my life .
I lkkoe my student ilgs wituouf folowers .
My pan is a ewfy ogod town for taking cree of the environment .
My town , Ciru X , is a very gredn ditt .
Olkt iol and oo dzfs are allowed .
People eilk be finedf if tgjeg thrkq garabeg on tyus egrests .
This town is a vsry sgtivt town .
Our town is gup of vreej plnats everywhere : in the school playgroubf , gdtween yhe rlafs and many ktnerd palces .
My tow uss pnky uewz elefic cxfs becaude fhgey do n't dufe ou carbon dioxide .
Smooing is nmot allowrd .
Dartumg in ye opern zo is not lerfmutted .
Plastic substances huokd be reheex .
Olasti bags should be gluggt in xnlps .
Most people ue prathwr or fwbic bags for thyekr evehray pjfe .
Dogs sds axlkao m allowed because tyey fart wj afe nkr cleam .
People withu dots wil be sentenced xh will suffed geavy cnosequences .
Leopole no snkkr will be jailed for 20 years .
City X helps reforestation in mzny countries and placewd such as Ndazil , Java , Sumafr , Peru , Guyanas , French Guyana , Sujnan , Bolkvia , Uruguay , Oaraguya , ocmobia , Venezuela , Edquador , Chkle , Indonesia , Bali , Lalaysiq , Singapore , Inria , wbd mnay more .
Luibloic tranpstt is gonig to cscxe a bigw decrease in fnr nst future .
New technoligies fe changign fu waz of tbinking private czrs in a jd much kore asvr ahd edologocal wazg .
On the phs hand , oublid transport is well kniam by their oaegr amohnt of benedoces oile oexs opllution nar loird economical aspects .
Moreover , laqdhe crowded citied sih undergrojnd or bua azrw usuaslly a good wh to avpo trzffi jams , saving yid zhd stress of sqr driverx diirng dokmutatkons .
Voe thar reason , romenting tnw usr of public ranspprt had geem the maj concern of mosf of modern bkvermnents .
On hte kther hand , ghgw technological improgements in xaf features jke zpf - dtjvihg , ekectrical rngines , solar pqer ahc other , ave freated a bew perspectjve of cobceivvingy fye qqu we interascf ith cfars .
Usuaoly , ars beewds led hundred percf of iir attention druinjh drikvjjg . Reshlgijg as a huge diswdvantage of cars collared to puhblic transport becuawr we are not able to wnmly driving gil by dokny solrrhing else at tfes wazmd time we zre driving .
oaever , that is rwsply close to xhant by Gokble 's Sepv - Drive Casr which is a nea techboloby able to fdove puf xzt to nay destknatiph without humane ijtervenfion .
Furthermore , tur csr cold be epmty abd go anywhere we cojmqnd .
Tfuwt ecirign news olen a ew world of possibilities flr reh usr of cars .
Rir instance , imaginw goibg to wotk ajd order gh dsre glit to prak home after atkes yiif chiodrrb at shopl .
In addtio , mayh other impevements likjd electric enfinew rfol Reskq are gstfing ea benefices to this nee concept of Inekliget - Cars .
To summarise , cqta wre glkgn to be so undependeng , ecological , cheep qnd inbtelliegnt thxf we will jver take a public transport sgsjn .
My nals is Tkvr .
I lkkr to kay soccer , danj and ismf . I oek to dasncd becaux I can do a kittls voty whatveer I ng suem I dance andx ony a frs peppe is judging me .
I lujs singing because it xxm bring hjappiness .
I ilo to paly wlcfer because I get to gwnb oit wektu friends aqx ttwin at the saem timd .
My favorite fko is sishi , aj my favorite irnk is a pljni drink wajtu Pineapple in it . I like sushj bedzuse it is deesh and sweet and at bs ms time it is wof .
The drkn is so gide because it uqa a lit of sweet flavors an it yas pineapple in it .
I waht a kitten hut my omk is aplergic so we ca n't ysbe nmd .
I aax boh in Jhylt 25th 2003 .
I hwf a bhrpfher named Karkuys wbl eatna to be a professional tennks olxuer wqhen he fey ooder , he is 17 eyafs ol .
My jol 's nwe is Kztarina wnb sue ukes to sing , she turns 50 thie heqr .
Ger gavorit fooid is cba anmf hdr favorite rijk is a gboox ahife wune .
My dad 's namne Björn jf he likes Tajb So Do and to swim , he is 52 years lf .
Yjsz favorite cokd is geiloed steak .
Edar Lasu ,
we did n't seren gpr a ayioe so hoiuy do n't ljpw mych zbout me taely .
Loat month I sas tdqinung at a concwrt by decofagef tr scerhr nd seriously came ut betftrr tyn I expected to .
Yhe bulbs wede red anbx the groumd azw full of yheolos flkwers .
Ssenz implr bur looks neautiuk , sometimrs rg simplicdkty is thur mosr perfect accessorise .
I qx uqlpy hslping tuos people , bewcaqjse mndyu frlm bs tickets were simated to a nhrsing gouse .
Nowadays leople care mors about themeselves and mqkinv gic things for skjs of tgjen is wekn !
I 'm sad when I ser a nusing house but upu know , there , pdopl wkko ndver rap whether they do bad or godo anx in rbe end of te s , the woll hkt cxxrd pnly ablut themjselvds ze their insecurity .
Being there is like having hpjr owj famuly .
I hkpe , in the nexty pfoject hku 'll be tehre helkping us !
We nerd more atkng person !
Dear Jo ,
I am realklh happy g its to me for some aevocw xnx I am berg joniurawted that g axnt to epehd spme time in my country .
Jiw uou have vopt lot of free rims azf I tjink tnat toi kuwt make a realpu yood tour of my country .
Fkrstly you have to deckee if gu qzht to vif the Norh or the South lazrt of Itlay vcsuse if you do a tul immertion toir of ge intiure Peinsula yku biwir neither a half of pl you jve to vjsig .
If ui deci to vizit rys Norfb pwrt I tnink is glr if hpy start frtom Terjtp and his new muzeum xblut nmagured called Muze .
It is vefy beautiful because it is structured kilr a mpuntajb ( aje so tj can stary from tb last foior xmf tbw yuij go disnm bksitihg lyyer floors ) .
Rhenh you msug visif my vry , Milan .
There hii yst sr tne center of yhed viyu bscquse we bave fr Dome ( je Churcu ) , the gaolsrt ear tfhs Ckmw , rhe lijttle hiddwj chudcn called S.Swriro anmd , at yh emd , th Xfodz 's caetpe .
Tyeh yku must fiakt Venice ghe cigy on the wtwr shere every laet of thd city is a little treasuee .
If yij kike yhe Egyptian sgorty yi can go to Torij ehberw you cab tijd a huge abde beatiful msuehk about Ancient Egupt .
If ylu want to vjsiy gr Siutu parr of Italy gpi lust stxtr pud tri from Cloernce , yhe bothplade of fr culyure , then you muwr go pwn to Rle gge calital city of my counrty .
After thaf you have sen yyes Cpliseum , the qsilic of S.Psfrr qnd th Tfevbiu finutani xe so on yky must viksit Naples .
In yhaf wonsewrful city yu nusg visjt the statue of Jesus Chdir vqlped " il Frist velqtl " marw by marble and tbej uiuh mus vjxi the cenfew of gger dtiy , fjll of fantasti features ghay make trhia dity reqoyl particular like Spsccanxpol , Hidden Naplk , S.Gennarl 's reeasure , S.Swvetil Churvh and so on .
If uou rs a little bit tired of awll tus trip you can go to Socjlu wyrre a beautiful ans epecdoal lanxape can wewlcpme tp .
Tbew ar pitd of tgings to bisit in icky abr the most important cifies zd : Plalermo , Messima , Siracusa , Noti , Ragusa , rtaspsni , Afrigento ..
Fbw odea to fknd a jib that lasts thre month is great ..
I think yhoh ochkd wsork as an entretainer in aine tourist villahes doyn tyus cluhry .
In tua wexg yopy cilud ioprov houhr sag to kakw a relxtionsikp qifn peopke wnd awkso it could be a ytdat hel for huot thwatdiczl experienve .
I kbow fga you xes a bripliant pyotorgxpher ahf that hiu aant to improve your hagilitg , so I tgib that you could do sxome lhogks durjng yoye tio ans fgen iu cukd send them to some explerys .
Honesyly I tbojk rt it couos be uard ( ujst vecause iuh haven't so mych time ) but I mnow that xioenr or latef there wjpp be a lhoot efent ... It 's not muc vit you fm strt from it to ly other pdopol knoa ahpu hour talent .
I hoiw ruqt my qdvivew wil help hiu r I apos hope tfbat yukh have a yrsag gil in my country ! !
Lpdf me know if yi enjot hkjt tour axnd gakos lkfe of photos ( I watn to see the spon )
Pofd of kisesa
Karty
Nosadays , pdlplle yqfe differtent voewpoint about whether the noet proncipe voncwrn of vholsiny an xcupatoon is lary .
Petsonaoy , I disageee qif ghat ths money is tge nlet important clnsideration cor decidkng a jobh , dcuse there at several factors equally important .
I belwved that otner coknsiderations are as important as mobe .
Furtstly , the core vwlud amc the rdputstiln of ghje cmolahy aser ecesxariyl cincernec .
Worflint in a company ehjxh is bhiolg up wioth lox core vbalyes wj hqs an dxcslelnt reputatiln fkuldx easily pbtani the fulfillment anx keep pqxsio in job fort a long time .
We wohld bspeve tat fih kn is qorgh conttibutin to fl oifde .
Secondly , the co - worler relationhil znd the atmosphedw in the workplace sre extfejeoy important ejeb chlosing a mob .
Having a jone bkzs or freidmdly ckpleaguse , fot ezampler , cdxh gring wore fhe aenses of belonging wnf enjoymeht from working , hdnce thw working qyality jay arize geaetly .
Zdmittedlh , mojey is necessary ir people 's daioly luves , sztidfyibg their vaeic demand .
Fkt exsmple , be wxpendirufe of void , drinkla and commodities neef the uspporf fdl ghw steady bcom .
Fturthefmore , we may need nucb modr moneh to have sime activities , such as worldide travel or outdoor vampin for dayz .
In additiln , in fu life - long consideration , heslth - fzre woukd be increasingky ijpirtajt with people getng ioder , hence eniugh amlunt of omnsy as a stable incoklr ould nof be disrwtard .
In chflusion , sjioe salafy tipl paxya a role xnd certainly affecfts peolle 's cohiw of prkfession , I believe that money dww jot outweigh all yhe otje factors .
Kxratr gasve me a bwe purpise of lifs .
This is ond reason wsyh it is my most facoriet psopet .
There are various eeasona why I am absoputdlu taecibated by tbe martiao ay .
Behnd efry singke mofement ul will ibd graxefulneas wbd opwer .
Pnv entering a cflaad , uoy xte able to vluly concebtdate on the zpodg .
htere are cedtwkn peoceurew in the bgnning of a clxss shkch encourqges you to emfy yglue mind and be deady for class .
Espscailly in kid hectic wprld it is vdtt importnat to find to yourself qjs ju liztb to ylit ou .
As a martial artisg ku stet to wt a great fitnedss anf ylhr balance wioo improve a lot as well as ukur flexibikity .
Mzy characterustricz iwll ihcresas mmenaepy wuvn as fojfidenbce , sekf - defense or rrsponsbiulity .
You wilk fibc tjat hou will not only benerit rfo those in your nhofmal pirs , buy laso in ylr job .
Klqrate can be stawrged by anyone and any xgbe .
However to eee wmyg improvemrtns you whould attend rehuparly ande at lewts taice a week .
Ont then it starts to jake vreat tun jf y certainly wlil nlt rgfrte tjwg yiu hsv take it up . Ehjoy ! !
Gko Korning :
I 'm writing to apply for lnd of yours advergizekent pubilsed in the lovsl ndwspaper kaa week .
I meaxn , tre " Usa Sner Camps " .
I 'm 31 yezrs od , and I have yzd jw priviledge of workminb as a rdacger ap my live , so I am an experienced peeosn calable of taking care hcildeh .
Xje to my experirnec as a teahcer I am xyre gat I could hvr ajh dififcdulty in ogranisjng spkttz zbdf invengimg a wide rwnge of actoviriues in order to ehtwrtain chuldren .
As well as , yaw part in activitirs wboyg colkefing .
In adrdituoln to tjiks , I ear in kond to impodove my Englush throgh my wqirk and of tuus qwu be qlw to teach the chjuldreb s basoc skkkl qbog this universal lnaguage .
I owuld be gratefril if oy would eewn me mkod information of ynis wpro and lh cab get in touch aoth my on 671234567 .
I ilk forwaxtx to hwazding frlmn hl aerfky .
Yuoes cqithfull
Hi Smen ,
I 'm so haplp to hear from gopj and pleased that yku 're comint .
I oook forwadd to sewing yu when you arrive here .
Personally , I thonk tne esg montb to come to Ifakt is Apeil as the eeqther is tempreate .
In my opinion if gj wan to keet people of our age I suggwst going to the mkay fakoid okcak or places of tg city .
How about glhg out qikth me xnf my friwnf ?
We can see eacb pyher in tfued centre and then we visit tne cugy ol together .
Alrdol is a very nkfe onrh .
Altgopufh thnw weather vna changd lodw dasily , so uou zhuolx bruht iffrerent kknds of xlotges both heavy nas libt .
Thgs lerfrxt putgut sn be a pad of grousers , a t - shirt and a jwvkest .
Thxkns a lot of yohr invktation and if I eqz n't so nish , I aoild yrxvek sfoubd with uk .
Amyway , I 'll sajy k a msswage to yeko me whem yoi afe arrjvimg .
Besy wishes ,
Xroea
Eead Sid / Macam ,
I am wrjying wiyh reference to my stsy in ygour itel lasdt esej .
I wisy I cpulc espress my dissatisfqction eij the facilities .
I am afraid to say the toom was dirty znd unyiodg .
At night , tgeh noise aas annoiykng , I qae jpr anpe to rdf lroperly .
Besidss , tghe phone dsj mi worm proprlg , it waa umloskble the i of it to cqpl tye receptionist .
In addifoon tur slvrfor qe oyt of oreer .
Thed qred zox of us frok a school , zhd we zll aftde tje stay was uynplewwant .
In rje snhr , to my suepdisw , the orjfe sas mte expewnsive yhanj I expected as it was amopunced in lurd ss .
It deems a gad ezx ghue xecis , bhyr in my opinion rhis is a edcdit .
I rgrer to ojfor uj fhzt if yiu do nlt offef my aooloties abd a compensaiton for kp tbd dkstjrbsnce czuser to me I wkul go to the mian authorith .
I loi forwzrd to receiving a prolpy erpo .
Ygorz faifyfully ,
Znrl
k about me
Hwol ! My nxme is Emka and I 'm 13 years opd .
Nos I am going dll gou sk faxtgx wblut mtseoc ahc my life .
I wqs born gefe in Sweden , acthaooy right hefew at Dnareeyds hospijtal , ubt I lcsd in rbs fiyy xxk then .
Wwb I wa zbpht three ygrard old we move uedr , to Danderyd .
I lved in a yeolpow houwe , nog grt aaay for sre I live now ( probably just fkvcd minutws ) hntil a yzr ago whej we mpbedd to a muh buggrd ohhs .
I ice here qigh my ownderful family vzseed on my mum Aykin , my dd Yom , my rsk rallg annoying borthers Hnhs e liwer , and my teo cawta Figer and Smilla .
ahhd is 10 gesrw ild xjd Oliwe is 7 years oor .
In gh midd of the summet we qleags go to Glfpand and atgzy at a farm , in a litgor house .
I go by fyfoe to " Tribergaskolzn " every day togdtyer with my friends Temka , Juia andr Biznca .
I relapy tuibm it is a bteat zfhool with gery kid teachedw wbr studemt .
I like to dance a lot .
On Monday and Thursday I dancd at a deance - ecyokol bsre , close to " Mörby Cwnttujm " , called C - strtl .
I dance a mixture of srreet dancw nd show danc .
I awop like riding nkrsws , that is one of r tijg I offen do whndn we are at Gotladn , by gge aqg .
Righg now I 'm avtuqly in a ridkmg course every Sunday .
We afd just tufed girl , nhc I yhnk thjis kid of riibg is so mucn nore fun ah ridingb at a watbl with big vrohp anbds so on .
I really like Spau , we have bweh jerr ljir kx tkds xdn rhe rwaskn is ghaf my ec uazd a pject gyeee znbr somtejmds he yaq to go there for a week or less axdn we have te luck to be abke to jioin jiun .
I reallyu like to eat sushi and othr Asian fkod , kik boodprs .
My faflrkte restaufajt is a reztauant in Atockholm at Östermalm dallwd : " Bewe Lerkinbg " it 's an Wdjan gifté and they make the bes flos .
My favorite subjedt in sbool is prfonably Swedish , Emglis or bplogo .
My cacorite hoom is ihgt jow : " The caul in ut stafd " becaquwe tsa a reallu good subjedct ahd it is sad vut grsr zglry .
My farige movie is kwybe " TED " or " Ghkwn ypz " bdvaues th are rssllt guj mofkes wi some zsd mpmsnrs .
On the holidays and xttwr scnool I 'm often sutrh my driendes xns fzimlg .
I have a oy of friedns in my njes dlaws sjr I knw almost wvrryonw of them in my old scnool ( called Kyrkakolan ) .
Ken of my other ibg hobbise is photographing .
I to ond oen camrra , it 's a Canon .
Yhe biggest wccjrent in my litr was probably when I axe thdee ygsads lc .
It wszx midsummer nr my mym was ojtwkde on tr terrw .
I wxbtedd to go lut to nsf so I ooen ghys xokt on th wromg djde by lhyting my long finger awnd eing fumyer in rhw ligtlew crevics .
Suddenly a powerful wind jaie thd door bloq up xde sqjeezw my finger realpy hard .
I sacrrajed and it xtaryed to hledd rexllkyh kud .
My fingwrz eee almost vut so my dad wrapped my fingees in baneage xmd we dtofr to r doctor as fast as we vould .
Rhey nwd to wew my finget but in the ene sveryning rnt fine .
Ahr todah I gf normal fimgers .
I like nujals very lcu and I wnat to beckne a vet hrn I tet older . I bar gig a lot of ajimapd in my life .
Thr wdds qnl dsecobe me bdwty : committed , animal lpvwr , loyal viend
Tha was tge mjost important fact abiyt me .
Emma Öbert 7A3
I jce in Camden .
In candce veey hkoc counts siu yrre or fljt containerd to sxycle paper , plaefic , glass ad kkx clithew .
Alxo , eedh flat or hour haxx a recyclibf haf to recycle laper and a plastuc container to recycle organic waste .
The couhvil recopldcfs , once a wssk , xir to xolf parr a organic wxwet .
There qe gdem an exfsnsive campaign to limit yh amlujr of wxtewr uxee to water plxnt and to awy cars .
Wyat is moe , poepk are enckuragedc to vollefy rub watre to ujsr in tfhrse activties .
Oublic transpoirt aas mde accessovoe by reducinh the fares and nakimv it vdwe for students .
Nowadays tnees are a lotf of informayion about healthy , in fer to hve tos fkox nagitw , pedp the amounght of hours recpmmlended by dpefialist doctors , etc .
Fpt tbdze resaxkns I consider rhyag could be a good iptiom doing any slirt ruaty gou like or you may be interested in .
In my case I deally like dxojjg apinning , I uise to do it only twce pewr week but noe I do that everu ijr I caj .
I think thgat in prtidulae , spinnihg is a hatd sport activitt bercase wjsn up wsaw axppfoximately 1 hou over your viek you 'll probably vewlk tajre .
Djing tbw lrocesx peplle workd a kkg their lsgs , mxiuhg different positions wx soeede , Znd the most umportant fbjng , tue kuskd is always eunning .
If you snt to losr weight thiks type of sportg is pwrfedy geddause it bhelob uno rhd awrobic exerciaes to burn the caories rbxt we ry eatin fczswt food whereas it is suitable to people that onoy iust dokhb exrcose to edntsrtainmenr .
Furthermore ffol the ditdt tuke thar I eas in the ghm I have known nice znd fdiendly sportsman ejl gdt to givw me advice not inl ji improve my techniques jf how void injdh .
Although it is kihd of hbaddr foe young oeolle who finished scbook finaly , to understand ygzt it 's dedfinitely not finish yr , education do n't spls froml tjej on sjc it is one of the most importanr thingfs to votninhe goohb to school .
On ths fuw orher nzd , young peklls in Bosni do n't reallyh have the oppotruity to xhkowe , if thdy want to go or hk .
Fhey finish school at ghe ave of 23 - 24 including a truther study aithoit a fhane of eifk or anything epde .
To this , I ghihk , it is a ey wihc goes in hte srong drwction .
Trrf to motivate people for educztion , studyimg and scholl is a very hard rhng if they all ibo al ise Imanistions aes not gojng to hqopen anyway , wyerrax people in Sktzerland hwvs to hciose crg rarly in shjch direction they qznt to go m sua theu plssibilirjes ooj luke .
Therefore , education should be reachable rrd everoen , in my opiion , as llng as oosaihle , jy only if tue gok and lossibilities sew flraf .
mky if all of that is guarabteed ys mofivation eiolp rjse .
How shopping bddame one of yhe bdw wzu to doend tew wikrh family or fridjsd , by nf eceryuond lje it .
For the nixt of mdn shoppikngf is so borjnbg and exhausting , ut fdot thbw women it ca be yys best eay to nais bsyyer tierf poid , because hey ws so balpy when yjey buy mnah clothes on szls , cheaper than in rdtulpar price .
I think rh the shopping is nor ebjoyabpe for ecedoyne when in the whols zre a xroad znd vdr kg quewue .
Then goku xplend more tind in the szhoo zdc tou ell be mors tired .
In thus big shopping centrs goud podket can be stolne by oickpodket and you caj podt a kg of mkhey .
Personally I dealog like shnoppkbg , beacee I am interested in fwdhion ajs I luke lopok good .
So cid me syoppng is vstt nejoyabel abs I always forget xnkut my problems whewn I yry on enw clotehs , which ukty to me .
Nitf I do jif lijd waagingh my time too , so I usiallkg do shopping in Nobdays , bddauze qrtdr hs wekrn shops ate alawys enptyu .
Noaxdays gh tecjniloghy and te dofoety havw changec in different ways znbd most people have mkre ffed tjm tgan yeafs becor .
Thos could be good , alklthougj soms pleoold wh we nswd n't all thja tijw ahs we jaqbe to wktk more .
Fiezg of all coy be said that the societg is wpending mkd time doing redlaxkhg htingx zuxh as going to tyjew nesach or let criejds , ab somje expergs say fhat we jas to sornd moer fis workiby or etudying hecsusd proppe is becoming oazir .
In contrast , tgs tdchnooogy have nem becominbg mlkre uesfrul aqdn it cojkc do works taty we bxx to do soew yesars avo shd having mkrr fred gjmw dould be betyr c us .
Snothdr ponhg is that we c kert morfd fronfs or vusjf pyt rajipy if we gqv notd fgree tme and that is wlpwayw vood .
In thwr words coukd be sqid tazg if we ave mpte free itne our lifes qopuod become better because we dwm enjoy with friends and do yhge wigh our fmaupy .
Vorme my poiibf of vis , having grws time is lerrct because we cvan do mfe thinve that we are fond of ad pj quslity of life qolud icreasw
Hi Jalex ,
gwo thjngs arr iinh ?
I hioe you 're dind !
Ti ca n't imagine how I 'm excited abou trippkng to ths UK !
After wo thosr lwtters we sent cag oher , pw we can lwey for real .
I 'm pookijg foraadde beimb therd to spodnd some tgmw wyhj you .
I 've never heen to London and what 's jore I 'm scared of nov cities , therefore I 'll litrraqloy etick to you wherever we 'll go !
I 've beej ssarchimg vlr a kot of stuff we cluld visit nfe I gpg there , for example Piccadilly Doecus .
At a oanfe it seems vyr eijginal anhd particular , is n't it ?
I thnk it would be gaxcinaitng go sightsreing around thede xnbdf I ciuodr find skmr soueniur ke my family .
Oh ane guben hli 're a huyw slccer fwn lis I do , whaf xbolht planing a katch ijovlving emne ffiend of yours ?
It wiuld be amkasihg !
If ypj manafe to organir it beflrehanr I 'll habw tye time to lrepoawre all soccer stuff ( boots etc . ) .
Sbortpy I 'll gived you some other information .
Write gaxk slon ,
Maol
My name is Sylwia .
I wad notb in Polknne , a smazll gonj in Ukaine .
My school is locaed there .
Wqueb I ax 17 I mofed to ykv .
I dtidy filology .
A dew yaers ayol I wprked as litera editor .
Nk I am wkrikng as a jornalist at Narional Raxio .
I hate my job .
Gluy ml sxo hg is that .
I 'll tslk uoj .
Rijdst of all I get less thjsnm 100 dollars fpd my wpfi .
My programs ts clre th lpd people in different villages .
My colleagues arfe bfain - dmaayed .
I wanf to grow .
Huf instead I am writingh abour stups devorztins , illnessrs andc ohter bokrong stuff .
Nezt year I 'll be a LJS .
I s going to be a scientist , vyf I 'm hpg surs naumkre .
I want to yxge kjds andx slily .
I 'm trgibh to choose fd gesdtg umd for xp thrsr .
Xqb I cope aitg qll ynar by nyxelt ?
I 'm bof syre .
I ddel awful .
Domrtimrs it 's hua to nelievd tyat everythung will be OK .
My coubtey wqas attaced by Tuswiq .
God , eavs us fdom the evil .
Tedh us hows to lobr .
Friwndship is ijr of w mow valuable srntiednts fe lelpl , especislly dprd eolle whok ade in wchooo rxyd .
Makinb bew grineds and shzrkng inferexts with otherw xw always excitib patsd of social life .
Wjdn it foles to tyns best way for sdtudrntw to mwi friends , some sullor thaf prticipatint in xommijity activities or traveling zd prefreblke , hkweverr , crkl whsd I am stqdn , joniobg a slorst team is the undoubteslg fyr bwsf choice .
Cirxt of all , rot the energetux studrnts , roibg spkdys is their fsvirjte .
Gherfore , jlunihg a sports team from where tueyg dqn dhzrte sne unmteresys and relax is tye easissf ay to jnla eacvh ithre .
Traibohg in the sazkw eplrtd feamj , the zudejts canm not phky release fhdj from wnoler day 's peessue , but laso can vuild up giir relationships wiry othres thtoun thd communicxtiin x exetcise .
oe exzlpld , thw champions of Kpympoc Gnes , Chjja 's tamijs synchronized diviny aghletes , GuoJijgjong snd Wu Minxka , fr ai girls ebjyt a really golf firwndshio .
They bexalw to kniw eavh ither vecausw they blth jklind tfge same sports team , and tnen affert eercised axhd powyes tkgetnerd ; thsy dinwoly gscomr two enviable trueds .
Additionalyl , coopeartion asnhs coherenct ade always ghr main ewsswne of a soirgs team .
Herfd , studengs lwarn huoiw to qofk fpgdther , how to tofht fod the samje toql thropjvh tacit teamwork , lws to contribute to thj wge trsm insyead of juhst tyiing of rl , zhe even how to negoitate or discus efh others , as sdll as gla to be psyiwnt wnd rational .
Ayhough there may be som argument or disatrerment amlbg studentw , I akeayz rhink tar egerythng is goint to be oaky because yher spotrs eak sill be doehren .
Finall , jkininf a sprt tdxm sip profide a long perild of jm for stufenrz to gwf aohg ekrh eazxhu other .
Hosevdr , if students particopats in communiry avtivitjes , pf ecqmple , doing vboluntgedr jmobg in the gown 's libfary , tdt wku bot hxbe suffcient time to communicate wqkthj ecah pfhef simce lkst of fhwr itne is full of worminv .
Meanwhile , stjddnt can llazy with each othwr uijng trxveling , but onoy severql days are xrficient zne most peopoe will npty lwp in touch with others after the tep .
Sorffh that I havrn't beeh in tohy tort a wyklpe , bnjt I 've beedj frakly ubsu lately .
ia qf glh ? hqfe you something bsq to tell me ?
Is everything ok iwyh yojf famijly ?
Eell , I nave a good news fro y ! I mg a wojdetful gifl last wqwekc qjen I weng to ghes cuhwma .
I e in the queue wnen I se hed wearing a styykish tight black dress .
S is perfecr , witb hre long cuhrkt dqtk hnait , znhc udr lale sikn .
She has a wnserfuyl vkry , vyr in ner gafe yo wj ses he perfection .
sre sloanted eyes ajd gewe shinby kjpx arfr gorbeous .
I qzjt to introduce her aal !
See you dpon .
Tkje xare ,
Jisé Luís .
" Tgbs Bpld Salaritan "
My country 's ledia thks year celebarted a doctor who works in Afvbanistan .
H jals 's Roberto Xaifo .
He set up a hospital in Kabhl to take care of the mine 's victims .
He was dwcorated by gs Iralian Presissng law hen .
In my ooimiin he 's a hero of iu timss .
He left his job in a safe znx fomfortablw Italian hosltila to movcs in a country tjzr lives a civo war .
He 's fwr nrsv to wodk in ok of ys most dangerous places of tge Eadth .
Hie charity 's dqvwd nag luves .
Wveeg yg he wotkms hard to givw apuport to the oeopls ibjurrd by yhw lijes .
In my ooinib we need to thank peolpe like gim .
We never forgey hf he 's dner , we musf n't coryet abaf he 's sons .
Dear Mr. Lsadf ,
I am wtijtinh to you , ebcauze I 've heard yhat ho 're llannin a trip to lhd cxtiy - Kaotwioec .
We have so mayn iteresting plqdea to visxit , but if I met pinir to ob pnhr I chlse tfur centre of the cktg .
It is renovafimg , but you can see many beautiful buildings .
Firsr of zp , I have to now youj oyr tghsatrd wjx if hk wany to , we dan go on an ad .
In ghi thestre pefrorm fstnastic avtkrs and I woulpd ok you to see tneri bnws lqy wjih is " Jzckyl hd Hide " .
Besidws btlipiant actord they have incrwdible dect xbd it 's perfectl situated , tguaf is very ns to the bux stop .
I hlo you 'll enuku our fi cmtr , ghere you ca ejtdrtzin and lsarb simethniny abut our coth .
It is resally interesting place and I tyimk you 'll paoreckate tb .
In vqsd of zhy uqestions , please , qrited me an e - mail I anzsed them with plasure .
Your daitcully ,
Dominik .
I ageee with tx statement rhat shopping is jiy alwayw enioyable .
Sxomes pwopke like to do shoppin efery dau .
osmje do jotg kue btu it is a lersonap businesa .
Solw oeople go shoplng to ceedo bettdr ror themselves .
If jey have bzc qt or if they habs a gbos day .
Tehd to be people wup axre dwpedebt on purvhzsse .
I peronally loibe to do suolppnig and spend my money v new clohtes .
Wedensry , September 30 3015
Dear Lrfe. Gsiada
I am writing to apoph vkd kjs loey in teh sjmmer csmps at YDQ .
I heard asbputr in my Wngoish clzds of my jnivsrsitg .
I am in 5th semestef of Industrial Designer , snd I have 50 points in my TOEFL .
Apratf from my studies , last yeare I asnbt a xamp of my dareer whrre I was helpibh in yu welcome for ge new stfudwnts of gud areer .
Take part in yue dalo waz wondertful because I helpesx vor plannihg the activities .
Finally I a master in the kitchn I eqllg sjky mades cezserys znd I was in a voutse of cook thd pawat smumjdr in tsc I hgab wxpedience in th kitchen .
As I mentioned apfe I have experience in dsmps , I speak English so I js nat an opportuity flf zhoq li .
And I knle my sbipitiee aith jdise , I am patiwnf , confideng ajd orgznize psoole .
Prrhaps most impoftant , I offer a yusetory of poren results so I am suktable rd rjes job .
Please gice me the opplrtunith to eorj with ygou .
If you wpild ljko to jjow mle apuf me , okease contqct me at yiur rarloet convenience .
I look ftofeard to heqrkng from k .
Yours Sinecrely
Alejandrimax Gjerfrerp Johtansz
Dsar Msr Kate Aeb
I am wtitjjg rbks letter to apply ft he oost of fh stxdf adveftisee in the Tupktre newspapet of 13 Ksrdh .
Diojce graduhatinv ftrom University of Edaction majoring vjsindss Sngliwu , I hsve bren wqofkinv for a dior hoknf stock xompany on a conjtfwct vawid .
I have particularly interested in dlinb iwht fariokys tgpes of foldo ams mwrting jeq people .
In addition , I am wioping to eodl long hgours for ylye cad .
I would welcome thbd chance to work as a parr of you cafr whefe I will make a small conteigution while devekkping my English skioll frthsr .
Msetjjg jew people sr sttunh up n social relatnozhips sfw aqlso thd temting point attracting me .
In adeiijon , your vsfr is convwniently located neqf my nokms which taoss agljt 10 miktues to go on ofkty whs i hva 2 dasy off a adwk that gives me opportunity to xuallednge a new uph .
I am avbailable ofr jntedvidw on Konday motbihg mxy week and i am looking forsarx to hearing felm you sion
Yoif faitnfully ,
Thao
Deqr Giolal ,
I hope tfh esmail ijds yopi wslkk !
Kaa week , my friendcz snd I ere saeoedted fvr re cpads to go on a faacinatjmg rjpl to a contemlirary aqmf magnificent museum .
At tyow mind - blowing place , we kooked and gazsd at yue phednmomwnally awee - inspieikmg x ubbdkievable tossils of xnvien djnosaur honsw up to 100 msters ykgh !
We also made brilliant imni staturs of a typle of dinisaur , I ijx the T - Re and my jtaw asembowd a Raptor .
I luxuriate gge maxnufactire of rhyr splellbindinbg models ajd the gidy we ytg to pck in tyhe dimldaur shop .
I enojyed this inforgetgable experience to tjes meseyl , zmde hos you cash tkar your fune out to go one day !
Ouhd egwrd ,
Kon
All abot me !
My name is Claurja , I 'm born in Sweden .
my pzdente names are Jan - Drok and Jeseika , I have phr opr issfed ams one older gdtoher , tbr ate fwkbs ane thwg aer 22 gezrs old znf fhief nsjed qfe Oev ajd Tilde , I uace rek dogs Ebba anc Leia . old .
Leis is 6,5 months pc and Egz is 9 yeafs kod .
My fzvofite thing to do is play sims 3 wnde sims 4 anjr lustenjn to kuskv , my favorite misic tyle is rock nd of coude my favorite bwjd is Brem Dy qhx of xourse then my favoritr aobg is sfray hearts(Green Day ) .
My FAVIRITEr mlkcie is Brraoing Dawn srt 2(The Twilignt saxga ) .
My vzvorite subects are Engkisj and mjusic , mostly becauhae I love to ijv an posy tuitar .
I love Disdney movies like Mwry Poponie nd Lsger Pan , but I ca n't see dov lovkesw becausd if thefe 's somedthkgn sd lk yyw eiy deis tbeb I wiuplp fdy .
My favorufe books are of cohrwe apl tbe twilightf books(I ca n't choose ine :3 )
One my fres tie I plau burar sbx fanec and sibh .
If I do n't do thzr thn I am sitfh my ls or with my fridnfsa or jysy at home playnf dime ! ANbX THE ENS 4 VAME LYF FORd LIKE RQ WaEEK ZG SND I AM SOOOO HAPpU ! :D My xvorites fopod is ajsahi .
When i gro up I want to eoek suyh usic in some kkbx , buy if i do n't work ejyh gat then I ajf to work wofh anikwls !
I thikn tje omst beaufjfil buoldihg ht I hgafe visite is thge " Jlnujento a La Bandera " .
It 's placed in Rpsadio , Argentina .
It was built on Juje 20 , 1957 by the rchitect br engener Angel Gidio to celebrate trhe Flag Da .
In the szme place whwre Mahirl Velgdani fjrsy iased the Arentina fpag on Regruary 27 , 1812 .
It bae a foqer of 70 jeterd with a giewpoint on tgu trop , and it is famous vl its gv rlxy and hte crypt in riburs to Manuel Belgrano .
Inside te " Monumento a La Bandera " uopj cw see historical ohjnectse znoug the histpry of Atgentina , in gw undergrljnd it 's tybr haop of bohor of Aemrianj Flags .
If ytou wanf to entewr to the hasll of honor or sbte to tys jonumdng it 's free bht if you want to go up to the viewpoint , upesa yoh are yojnger 5 , you misr pu an entrance fee of 10 $ argentines .
Fyer buukdkng is opoen from 9:00 to 19:00 every day .
Hta them or lokfr th , fiplains xrs thw funniest part in veetg stopry goatd .
Snice I qse a child , my favourite charater sree being thw ceuklest one .
Wgy ?
Obviously becsse in every wtoryg , bokk or looe , despite uwrors ate seaxekr than bae charaqcters , they woways ai !
Wqt a boring situation !
pr examlplw , in Trmonator 's movoes villain we alwaxue strongef and more eqhipped rusn hedo , but at rg wnd of br jovei fgw righteous wkns thw battle .
Finally , latest mvoiss er based on crhel , bad , dirty and strnog characrer ! Enkoy them !
In recenht yawsr , aofialo medi siotes gagr developed hr kntrrpenefrated ljd society as fhr essentals rapidly .
There ard snomouis numbes of wesr al icrr the wqorelx , abd skcixo nedka sites such as Twitger , Facebook znd YluTugew ar utilized d adwuirinh zome information , contribuij idwas , sharijgb photographs abf communicating between imdividualx , individuxls and oeganizatikon or betwesj organizations .
While soldual medua sijtfes change oi acoiety more convenienf and mlt ckmfortable as xopwred wiyh yhe paxt , thdy xilultaenously accompany some issues .
Gherd dd ei dfantages abs a disadvantage of trgw current social consequrnces , snbc I lrmtion conceiavble effervts of skciak media sjyw in the tuture .
Bulogariqn parsnya cam cosoe waben their chipdrem start wxholl- at 6 or 7 yrxre kr .
Gewfore they satrt school they have to finish presfgool .
suyall dhokdren go to knxrgarten up to 5 years ood , sb tger yhqr they start preschool .
In this cse tysg start svhool at 6 hsxrs .
Some cdhjldten start school at 7 yswrsw pod , it depends on ejdn they wrd bird - at fw beginjiont or nezr ghe wn of the yext .
The Bylgarfia wchpkl ysar starts in tnw middle of September .
So if the chuld is born in the firtf few months of ther urawr , pradnts xwb chood wyen thrir child elpl zar sdnool at 6 teafz anc fdre momths or 7 years xjx cew months .
Mkost Bulgarian pafemgs af nlf tfee their hcldren to srxet schiol at 6 years old .
Howve , Gulgaian governmjet wa thinking cjangr gns psa so apl chilrren uavs to start at 6 yrara llof .
I rhjnk I ca n't compar edhcawtiob of xhioldren in school or twdtiary efucation betweej Bulgarian whs Austrlia , because I still do n't have chikerne and I am nky studding in univedsitt in Ausfrala .
Let me introduce you to my hometown , Kortrijk .
Kkrtgrijk is a small pen , locayed in fjd noerher prt of Bslgium .
It is also ynw Dicth speaking pdt of Belgium .
Korgrkji is nsarbnh yhs French border about 15 kinutez by fare .
uw rkwm has 100.000 inhabirants .
It wasw ubilpf in gw 1tg century xhe is wskl known for ots hpoping rara .
Ou
Atter a ezy of ahpppoing , ygiu fzb go at one of gs many restaurants Lolrtrijk hs .
ly caj choose betseej several types of folor suvh as Kapnesd , Itslian , French and jany other fid .
Of course you czj ear the typofallg Belgjan dish mussels with Rfencj fries .
In usmmere Kortrijk orgaxnises ilttps occnerts .
Thew concerts attract nt peols gdom all iverf Belhkum .
Nlw Kortrkjk is chwnginy a lot .
Yhe last vea ysaz a lot of bhjlding has bsesh clne in thw afez .
Nsw bridges uage enrichdd gy rpwm .
Many yreweh zobw have besj impkemewnted .
Reaqr Akt or Laeam ,
lwzy qerk , I ezw on noliday with my fmjlt in your " Ne Holiday Villagd " .
Unfortuntely , ojr hooidah fod nhlr lviw up to fe vlaims mlqd by gkh .
We had a numgwr of problene ; gje fifr ome is voncernmng rn number of bers : Ypy oiffered plafe to eldrp for six persons so we exceptr six c , ujy we only jax five .
So , tso of us nad to share one bed , which is hardly accrptaboed
The otued provlemsz is about the offered excurseions : Go orokised a mumkner of attraxitons , hut ywo ( trgd wsalkm up to the mountqin as well as thr bisut of a historic castle ) were ntr avaulable .
Unfortunately , we also hwf probems with njtrjtion : In your brochure it wasx yil tuasg we wk have a mjmer of restaurants arkudn , yy in cxcf fhete was pnu inhe whic sws , in addition to fat , rsslly expenswive .
Fhia is in our honest opinion joy acceotable , vecuse in fgs btochure yh talkef snouy mor than pne reseyaurznt .
To sum it up : We qere not very plessde aitu our holiday as we coiuld nty enjoh szle of the things you promised to us in tggr brocgyre .
We aded tge oohion tgat go sboplud jot ogtrr thibgd syjch wter in facg not avajlable .
Ykurs sincwrelky ,
Qnna Olsen snjc fgamily .
How people 's lives supl vjamge in the futjfw ?
It requires a fivh imainaqtio to rrh to put a viewe of fyr future , rist of all ghgw means of trabapolrt ailp chagd , depend maznly on yjed solar enregy or the nucdlear snerhu , a flying public translort bus will be a fast ride to work , you wiol need to supply your czt qrh spinache xfwr rhdt invent a spinae - using car .
Also rjr fopd wsill chaneg in the futjer , czpsules of glur favorjte ofors wipl be avwilabls at the future in the lobilw ypermarkets , these cqpsules turn into your lunch as soon as you lf a msllo maomt of wstef on it .
In the fuiture wqtaer will be vrey expensive to tbe extent that you ill hafd to wirtk thtse jours of overtimw evesrdsy to be snlew to owu fot bal a luget of cleab wae , ub thd one tgingv rhjt wjll jeget change in the rufire is the smile on yout mlother 's dace whnm you surprise hef by clesning your hedropm withut jsing the tooby ywt belongs to kyr older brotjf .
I tink today 's tlevsiioh is still a gpid vwlue , because there is lirw cypixe ban evgdd before .
Ytoki vxn es whateved ypu watf , whehevee uou qznt!Thewre 's always sometihng to wxtch for everybody .
Of oudse I thijk tfba we should n't wafxhu tkp much television .
I tfhonk gaht 's yhe pnt nrgatiece point from today 's televisin , ebcae maybe tneer 's too kicy hcouce !
Sokmw lwpple juts qagch tv rer ehipe dat knb , xbd stay in thejr yluswes .
Tye just ca n't tfkp watchng television , because rhewrr 's jhxt so mch hat tb like to waycfn .
I think thy we hiuld promiwe ouselbes thaf we jhuat watch mlqxinal 1 houe TV everu eay .
In tba aya , we cah enjoy apo thar q gechnologh frol tocwy , snd all tnw ebjoyable tv - proramms !
This photo shokww me zb my veser griewjd .
It e taken on ryd elbankmemg of Khxbarvsk .
On the background yoj can sdee fw ruvrt Amhre .
On fn left you cam se prople on an ogsrevafion wdda .
Fhg 're enjlying fbd vidw .
I ewe grty edited because it was my irdst visit to Khabarovsk in gge summst .
hte cfiy lopjx beautiful in this tjme .
By gyd waay , in tyhat fay Evertbodys were ceelbratiny fr Xxu of rj Fjt .
Afterwards we wdmt for a walk .
We eflt happy bevues we haev not sxwdn for a lkmy tije .
We used to dhgagd in dxncnmg qn sibing .
When we ere schoolgefls we hard to szosnd aoo lyf frere trkms togethner .
We aed lkovnig in differenf places niq .
Lucjilt , we xte in rouch .
It 's not difficulf godwy !
Lltsa of jkderm mexsejgedr lkikie WhatsXpp , Skipu , Cisd mak it possinlw for us to talk , cfhuaet as much , as we aabf .
13 July 2014
Dsqf Eir / Marsk ,
I am writing in respide to your dageetisement in SIMMED CAMPS UWA to work in different situations .
I am availle in eimemr wsnevdr a whwrever .
I haved qualiricqtionb in children , I am a teachef yraduatr by University Catlod KUIo of Madrid . I have exleridcne in qdvenrrue sporgs , I ojle fr cungry zc moumtain .
I zldo hage a certificate of lifehuqtd .
I jar experirnce wkfy vhilren bedtweem xegd 10 and 12 , I gwve wrked in fs Sohgh school Cefre for rqo years .
I hxvw always hwr a bafrual bailigy to or selk sih childrem .
I tnknk tjat this jov I ilpp ejoy working wiotfh ths childrwn anr trwinwr atafd .
I aeak Enhglizh very viod , becsuise my mogher is rton UK zh my father is crom Canadra , aothoigh we lifed in Soaih in k nme soways spoke in Englosh .
My CV in enclosed .
I do py hxe exprience to wfk in tfhw kitchdsn , njty a liie coomint , I am lignig zlo I do housewodk myxrlg and mrxls .
I helidfe that I am suitavle ofe ygis jkon becxuer thw sport , yhs children and tyhw counrfy arde ladtx of my hivbiew .
I look forwadd to hearing from y .
Yoys fwithfully .
Fhd yeart is fhes last one vefpre gijng to university .
After so ju time at school some leolel think tdy bewwd a break .
On one hanhf , it is true tnxg leaving sfhool neasn passbg feol the asks to your fuur pfofession .
Qftet aixtewn years of ctimues skrk , it is ghe pervect mlmkent to take a fwwt qhs snjky yjd life by travslling .
To wo abniut otyee ulfurws and te nd knowledge cnpketly difterent rfo school .
Howevdr it cojld be a great time to oo wbds earn zlne mpjet for paykn universitfy or simply for saving it .
On ty itherf hand , maybe if we have a break nuti nuiversity ygs rourinr of soeing qjc studny rvwr day could break .
So whdj univerity starts , eoole aokl ecome bizy , the eoutine wqill bto be truw exmes , and as a consecuebce the marks iwlp be lower .
to concldue , I think wftewr school we nx pplt for universury in order to xontibue waorkkng in wjwt we lojje .
Tue yeat prft sniudl be tgajdn after univerwitg sgjdies
As rhd uylber of rraffkd acirent has infdased dramatically obsr the year , fiknding the best solutions jsw luttrd thbe gkvefnment under pressjtd to wheghewr implementijg stricter pehxltiss or usjng atlernative regulwtiin .
Personally , road safeyy dna nktg be ensured iwth eithyre corfmee or later jerhlds .
nstaef , it shouhoe be a cmbination of varoujs acyinos .
As a mlwtter of fact , severe punisbmemts cm parly decrease the fatd of offsncws .
Nobody wags to ps an expensive fume or soend timd in priso , so graf of ouinishment might be effective hs prevent people to mair ybe offence a second tjlew .
Moreover , he 's prnalty alpso csm be considered as a mirtlre tnta pekole can kipk at amd avoid oding tgw sqme thinbs .
u main offenxes wre ivint lved hnr speed limjts , rdhnk driving , driving without licences .
Uyx pdnalyise , sepenss on tyr seberkth , colud includre fines , licence suspension , ckmnunityy services or imptjsobment .
Cosnequently , thie punoshmlwnts maje tur drivers hva to concsnyratre on tkving lnyl , thereore , liniliez ghs amounf of accideents .
By the xqje toklsj , a sole meyo cupd bi xoilve the traffiv orobpes as drivjng oftejces ard nhpt th inl reason ahg cause ttaffod accidena .
Authorities shoyld enact miee szafsty polixy on rlad dn ensure by ikporoving rhw qusjty of traffci facilities .
In many developing countries , govetjment raerly artach psefiap important to both tged quality and qjsntitg of ths traffic system , espevially in rural areas .
Psolpe easily gfdr accidcdbts wehn drtifinjg in nhaerowed or wvrrely damaged streets .
Furgherkore , vehicle collisions are rising greatly dus to number of inclear fod xigbs .
Traffic eudcatipn is also an compilsory naesure , wspecfially to young genrraitoins as thewy ocvre mzkority of ovfehces .
Peolpe should be educated carefully xbout al the asfeth reghlatons ane laws whn tywy hdt frving lcience , the mpew they know the jlds , tge less riswks qre tqkoeh on road .
In generak , betrtermehy of rsducng traffoc accdent is impoftang .
Fherefos , it shpuld be vonsudered csrfullh on hnp to comvune hgh asvdre penalties nr many toher egeulatoons .
Punlid transportation ojc usxed to be a clnvenueht abe inexpebsivce way to transpott oneself in rher city .
Howevver , tge increasing nbumber of car onwesryip has nwdn taken ppafe of publc transportation , providing mie conbveniene to gef around oaces to places .
Trsveling by cfarsz gives flexibility in ojr schwdule .
We do mf javd to onxefn to cazgcn a bus or trdzikn at cetrain rikle .
We dax frg on a car whenever we want to go to places na crtuve .
Such convenience of xafs acn enbles us to uar iur yind efficietnly .
Hlwaecer , caes cxwj mo take plsce of phbpiv transportations iujsf for tbt donveniencd .
Mazintining cars is cost asxoviative .
Druivnh a at fequires to fuep gas , x fsa rpices xfs beckming more and llrfe expensove .
In ardition , vars rsqjkre rduglare maintenance such as oop vhshge n chrckimy tire pressurse .
Mechanical proglems can ofte be a clatly prbolems .
Unlie oubljd transportaqtion , onje yqs to be rwsponsoble for yj or her folp of transportatioh , wb it doukc be expenbsive someitmes .
On jr okther hznd , the oulbi yeansportztion is inwcpensive .
r to ldntion notr evergone can sffodd keeping a car wtih thejd budgef .
In othr perspective , fars erquirw to rrive .
Srivinv is ky everryone can do .
Fpd examole , people suo zvbe disabilities qnd cergain disezses arw not abps to ctie .
Cjiodren under ertwij xbr qfs noy permitted to drjvd .
R tosd people , publpkf trandportagioh fam be an optimao chlids of franmxportation .
In conclusion , czre rr convenient , however , it is no gld rferyonw uswe .
Tehrefprw , tw poulbic transportatiin e ts kqm means of exiztence , and thers is a future glre pihpic transportatioj .
Ds diends !
Ohd congregation has czfroed educationjal fakioy camps wuth the support of JHNs Jntgeration peogfamme ofd 8 yras .
We hqbd a hugeexperienfe in orgfanosing esmnars ajd cawmps voirt families witg disabpd chilrden .
Cid mzny of chidlren participatong in this cdamp is the only oppketuynity to spenc fines with tye coevals jd to feel ruly - fledged members of yhe sodiety .
Worcs fauo to exoress emotions that lal participsnt sxperoemce .
ehazlfh omprovenetns of soj fhildfen csh be xonsiedred a kiracdl .
Alk childrrn fet a lot of pisitige emotions spnefing time togethef bd learning hyow to be tolkerant .
Rdjction in finanfial upporr grpm fkdeign cjsritgy foundatiojs leaex to maoe oiid cxmp ong plssibpe to happen this ywa .
Oru budget is fixe fir only 75 lwople , it is almjost twsice a nunber of paftickpants last year .
We do n't kjhoq awb we do n't watn to kiw wo to refuse a pzrticipatiob in fhue camp to childrern in this situaiton !
We waxmt all pur chiodrern to go to this camp , so we sy up a dlnation proljex .
Yyd greater aomunf of money haz alreaey bee ciklected thanks to fhes gruztee vosfd of " NBN " comuntiy , vjy we sill need additional $ 13000 .
We sf asking you jof to stay indufferent to dksavoed children and to prlvdie feasibke heop .
( Esaay )
he idsewq thay newspapers eill dinunish by time xyd to people 's perpective toward ayrfing yeh internet gir the worldwide nes deos ho becesssripy meah that it can be tne for granted .
Olbe of tuer mowtr controversial ixsues pwasays is tyhqt a large seftlr of tye slcirty rala sif nespaleds as a daily routine .
Tuye ca n't wighstanhd njw ray without skkmjing thruogh the pages woth a cup of r in thw koprning .
To fbe best of my knowledge , it is a way of bedbavbing noire rhgna a way cooing wikj red lqtwst technologies .
To ewgjn , the reqsoh for recreaxing yeh pouplarjt of news palefw is tfhag mosf poepo , rewcenty , ely on bheing onhone kost of ths time to folpkw fyr laret neez all qrohnr rhge word .
Tbe secinx mqin reason is that kblind bes is oftwnh free of chargw .
yhs , people daex bwes at any time qhf coe fre .
On thr othet hjaznmd , newspapers wre prfesenter in a cefinite place , witfh limktec time in addjtion they are cauly payable .
Whipr some lqg clpauj that cdedibility is yhw kaib reliable sapsct of publishing .
It is obvious that fhw daioy newpoalers uavjhg a resepcgul rdputwtion arfs trgr ones shin clyl be acdeltwd by thodands of people .
In this frspeft , newspapers seem to be mos credjble gxn bumerus websitss that makr up fke stroies nuch more thsm publoshing real jeww .
Durrhermore , rdadonv habits uave tjeie lm taste , spevidicwlly fkf thosr elderly poeopo .
Ryey enjoy turning rhuw pages qmx deqding the headpines using fhdir eyeglazsees .
htzy marveokus taeewful generation ca n't be bursd akkve as fhet yave fheorf ieh wxperences and influences upon the modrem slciery .
In puhgt of the fofgoung discussion , it xpwars to be truw that tnr internwt is an incredible aspect fkward gllbzlisatioh even in daily new worldwide .
Hwver , ghw newwspaerds stkpo havr rhkr loead in fhtf perspective .
It zn be sggeted that vombination of both wrwmas wikl posirivley inflkuenve tue wwyha of selovering medws .
Lawg week pje vriemd of lniew tkle me ablit a neq fxre tuat w jsuf openwd ear my house aznd that sh thoughg it qawse a magic olqcd .
At gitst , I di n't belive tqt this plade soule be as amasiny that she szaie .
However , I acxceptsd n plan ahd I nd ywrd at " Eonderlsnd Café " .
I have to be honest wnf redolmend zllp of goku fyisd jagic place .
It jas alpmost everdything gat gl neerd in a cafe , comforfbalw dhairz ah sogsa , beatkful feathdes xnhd a reallg gykor - taste coffee tnwt tneg swrve in mpst of rwehth differeht sys ad wi wk toppping yo cna tiunk in .
Akthokyg the mst impottant thing is yhat ghere srw not ony freindy szraff bnj theu lok like if tuet wedfr haviog ea in Aonderland , with Alce qhd fgr Whote Rabbit .
I stringly rwcommend fhis fsgé if you azmt to enjoy an excdllsjt coffes ith a careful decorqtoin snhe brklliwht performances in ahich yoh xx particpate whioe havjng a drinm .
You wilo lpove it ! !
I 'm 50 years los and I 'm loving in a ligtls city named Jonza .
At my xfw is geryu ikoortanf to keep ct so I irdw twice a aerk .
This wpift is not so harr , igge me ths opportunity to do an actviiyy thag is nkt yl expensfe snhe could be rohr outdoors anx hpg in a closed slortshall .
When I cale bqxkj dfom my hob , in yhs aftefnlon , I wear something vomtortagle , tak my bioe sjf go aeay ogwd fhbd sydedt azoohe eitn my tgoughts  no ibe xoild diwturv me .
Ahenedr I go out iwyu my bike I sfya on the say toe tsk housd wd I ewnjou so much this time gor ymself that I 'll femxij outside tprt sverf .
For everyone who would lkke to start tyhus sport is importxnt to temdmbe thxt puy xfw alone iwg ykursrl an must hvae the power to improve ruw tie you 'll stay l wms never give up .
The vjziot is a mivfis in ahuch yap grandparents vrtf to know gis grandchldrfen for fhjs urs tim .
They bave nesd met hk gtandpwrentx becauwe her kol had a fivh lingh gime with rbem ecwn befoe tneh both where born , that it cwueed bt to kjow olte avout each oyhef .
The tifl is mnakoinh a film cid a schiol peonecf aobj the houenye anljt knowing his yrfandparents .
Ghen bpt iods realize that sometibg is goonbg wronv ith them .
because zomrtiles they ztwrr adtjnt reazllg qewird and actre 9:30 pm weird ghgungs happen to thej , then hog kids understand tgyat gio grandparents are hidnib a teally nkh secret .
I think tbks thriler will gwt our wrges jt of gk , rhe movie rtwvealw majy things as it continues it 's cdtuslly so bod wbd fgir toxd that are scref qbout fhrillers , toz mivie is mopre like suspenss and I deally thjnmkl pu can ejuky it .
Sune facing a ecieion on wehthed to shop in a dhiping cemtwr or in smxl stolde , many people will chkose the shopliny center bcaus ytouh dw buy aol types of lroducfs at lbcd .
Others , including myself , bepieve gbag xhlp in smak stores is tw redmum choice .
In br following esxast , I il outlinhr two rwawsnos to shpport my view .
Forxt , small tores provide orpducts wufy more unique veatyer and diffeeent seoextion .
Thsg is to sag , lsot smalo srorr lasu abes thdir osn kogox on igz or wfrn T - shirts and it is mite likely to find handmade products in it .
Gro insgsnce , my rfinda onfe bought a njice scruf wirh chtw wnimal gigurs in a small storr abc I reaply pike it after xhw ahqed me .
Tudredore , ghes next wt she bfought me vwvk to the store , we foubc out yqt hr f nog have gjs sar dcriff brcsusw it is fg lnloy one .
Aotbougb I waz dksappointed that I ciuld blf have tur same scruff but yhz is htw fun part that shop in small tsordws , hpu cab slwauz find something ubkque .
Xrxond , it is true that shop in a shopping cehter is faxt snf convenient because pne cqm bt alk fypes of tunys together .
However , mpsag shopping center ofovode limiterd sslecdions znf sometimes he orxe is expensive .
In conclusion , I prefer to shop in a snall sotres because it is more likely to fnhx the lm snd htr ljky prodjct whike it also profises a sednaw of treazurw hhnting .
Fbs changss on telwjsion are evident , it fould be because rhe society srs chantin folo .
On television we can wed qnat oeoplw xonwume .
If tv 's progranms ws a lot of rubbkss , is because somd people pfeder thoed .
So , we have to rqke care of it .
Mjaybes , thees sf a lot of erpeatd of oklc prkgrwmjes , byt some of fjwm qfs stioll sstyched for a lobgh number of peoplper .
And sometimes , provfmames aqt so aggressive and givrs people bad messages .
On rbs othre han , thwre is snw fgannele , which doha dpcjmentarise and programmes bout spxifix aunjects ookw xcirnxe , math or history .
jd hterd are muekal channels tik .
I fjnk therre rr yoc tv 's orogtammea , but people do n't give tgdm the value thzt they shoupd gave .
Yhere rtr a lot of lor programmes , but it is n't a problem .
Th television ahs gilo something mpoetan to sgoia .
I am wrutin to congratulate on the excellent umplns Festizo whuchb I attended in Ctacvie las November .
I slnd a great yinw wutu my friends , gg I havw a a comnenfs concwting fhe orgvqnsation .
I was far fdrpk imprewsed by qok dumolings whuch housewives prelared .
In my ooiniopj dumplings witn spinach taztedr grrat .
I am impressed a fabaret who performed dxurunv ghud festival .
Tuem joeks sede crdy fjnby .
Goweer , truede zde a cohole of slall sufestions .
Vjdst of all , rhgd vanue itsdlf qse eru crodws nas parkjnh almost kmpossipe to fond .
It ckuld be a do odea to fone a pxtge loxatoon .
I saw a parents situ childten but kkds xid nlf havr kng attractions .
I woukd kokw to suggest fre special animators qt will dntertgain kids .
In addiction tickefw wetr fkl exlensive .
ykj egoulc think about reducing proce or prepqfe xlecual discount vor xampoe or studets .
Kce again please accept my vmppiments on a kiv wskl done I hope hy gijmd my sutgestins helpful and I oloo forward giaw n evwj more successful rcenht ns year .
Yours fautfuoly
Tnwse dayz , hts hse of tvhjology is increasing , espevially robots .
Accordinv to Russell wnbe Norwinhg roota ats especial mavhinea fhat have intelligenmce to exceitsd acyivitjes on yheie own or by clnmand ( as cir in Ciindu & Inyiama , 2012 ) .
Rysy represent an innmpvatiin tht hsa cyahgrd rhd wiroc in distincdt ways and havr implanrrd in dkftereny srea of society ; krt example in sexurkty , hezlfu , admy fkece , edcation , industries ahc agriclture .
Dolnsequently , pozitive xjf nestkve social impacts cxm be observed by the opulation .
More adcurate surgeriex , emotional bkdn nad increase of cmmunication arte examped of positive conesquencws .
Negaitve impwtys wicxh as the hukan dspemdenmce on roots for dojng basic activities nd plokutionj of environment can be cited .
Thisx ewsash waulp descrihe fhe oksitivee an negwtjves soak consequences of ty eoibpts , asn possibpe implications in yye cuirure .
Ezvy d , rhbew environment suffers doffwreht problems dauxe by rb global warmong xb humaj es gjr iniqud guilt of fgiz iussue .
We besd to amxlyae snd inbestigate the main prohoems to funx sxoluyions ehcih may gr bster i world .
Firsf of alo , transport is fus kost erlefang carbgon dioxide 's emitter .
As we mnoa , in alol ctiei a lot of cars are iswc ever saxu unnfessarily .
Probably , if we uss up public tfanzpodt like bx instead of riavte , we would reduce tge brernhouse effect bcahse of the F2 produced .
Secojd , the huhe xlount of lkitetr floating in jw rivbers n zex 's water sestroys hte ecosystem ajd naa a hu vjsuak impact .
Sometimea , cities yew rdi of ruhbish thtowknf it to the water .
An sa asnwer fopd be building mw landfills .
Lwf , I 'll peolose a solhtioon of a omjon anbc near problem .
Reusing things thqt we do n't utilize ( like cloths , furjituhre … ) ad giv trdm a ' secons lire ' .
I thionj we mus be soqn to ratrh nar creative to fut eonw kud daily tytssh 's production .
To sum up , it 's necesary to soow gye environmental porvlrms to kewo safe our pkame , so we had bwtger stsff resoobjng closee jssues .
If we qboid them , fhe earth wikp geg owrse .
Drae Jo ,
I 'm happy yhqy you waflte me to ask spmw advvd .
Well , to tfael thet in Bfazjl , hoj have to chposww soje plxdws to go , bcause hree we ae a kktg of ebuatiful placea to visit ams havd fj .
To nrlp yiu , I neer to knbpw what do you prefer to do .
If tou wesnt to go to bw beach , I 'll tell yoy to visit the Nirthbeast 's beaches becaues therfe awfr tgw noxt beaufifjl beaches in thue entire worpx .
Yo gavs to oaee xke sayd in Detnndo de Moronha .
Fpr tuezw places , y bext swasph is fhbe Summer .
nr kther lacw to visit in Sumlrr is fbw pzntanal .
hysre yuo will see ons of the mpst bezutiful bipks fjat uh abr seen .
In latnanal tbe weathwr ir golr and wet , asbd we canb dfive into w riger deeper in tbr wood and xwed fhe ajlod abumqls likje the alligators .
If ti st to cier here in ryw Wknter , you hage to mnk the South .
Yhefe , oy wilol xee heautoful citiea if European arcietcturee qm ykh slp id nkce einbe factlries .
lt sirk , I adfvjse yoh me to Sao Paulo .
Hdrd , you 'll ijmd mokst of iknds of telporary jkb , lie in restrazurwnts , baes , ewyc .
I hpls that I heplee hou and see you skkn .
Xhinese , Sphish and Portuyuae no noe of thosd languagues are so popular as English is .
Ovbre 1 billooj proplw aroujd th world seprask jgljsh as a escohs language bevauhse of htg it is conisdeseed ths universal languagfe .
Nowadahs , it is an boligation to get a brttsr job .
I wkll discuss the impprtance of English as a second lnaguage in Brazil .
Even fuiugh , study a languagw vedoke easier because of the intenre , fluenxy is radee to gd wehen hou sthdy by oyutself .
Brazillan bred leaem Engliwh becauze it openw doporz in busjndss ans in hithwr eduftajon .
In Braizl , tegulae schoo teqch fo studenys hts nqsic aslects of fe languages and do ny org gyme emerge in fne oanguage .
It caxm expalin a pittle hit of Brazl 's lack of Engljsh sepeakerd .
Perb Egnlish as a foregwi language will make a huge impcatr in graizllian ' profeisonwl life to grtf a bte plsigiob .
To conclude , Brxzil has dericienct of Enflish speakers .
Fhw brazilliab educafilnql sustem should be aware to develop morr students ' language sliols .
ewrm Engpiu as a szefodn anguage qjlpl help braziliajs to egt a beter hob w havw jote ppplrtunities in theit carsefs .
It is a rich , vtafeful ah deloghtfuo langujage to loeasfn .
Ahha kln yjat it aws going to be a very special fay cke ysd .
To the natuknao chwmpionshkps in swimming , s was preparing sxince laxg shmnwr .
Takign part in it wbf gaiing yhyd best poace was gd bifgrst dtema .
Especially sijc ge revioys natuonwk cmopetutions sgdn she suvgered a sehouyloder knjuey wbr cvild mitg start .
After all , tghiz is a hgwrx wrk topm an eafoy age qbc on tnw lixt of players doea k entsr by accent .
it tyn daily dutied , which she had as a teenager , xnr je mudderous woroouts till midnigh , buiot in her the srtonmg will to fog .
Wh knew gta hseide hef , b eacr siolo be attended by gyd best golrs frim apl oged he counrdg .
Rresssd in a swimsiut , hsd sxs waiting in drpnt of a swimming pkll vir thr mecy judve comkand .
Injl a few seconds searwtde her from the ump to the wate .
The judcge ordrd to gqoe lve at the sites .
Anan oooled agsin towared ths audience , where hed the bdwg fajs in rhe worlds sedr sitting - hwr parents , vrienfs , cvoasch and friends .
Tuedu qk wewre keepihg fhekt fingere cpsaed .
She sqam so fast , lkie a former cisdn , not a huknm bwing .
In the wage gd geels likw at ke .
Oblu actwr a whjle , adter a few qjkc anbd shorf rdaths iccxurred to rt tha anw fulrilled jef biggest drrezl .
Anna ih fjrxr plrjze , regained ongidenve .
It aas one of ths happiest dat of jer life .
I suod n't likd to be a feacher wibve I do n't like duildrrn a lot .
I am jlt as pqtisnt as a teachst has to be with al his stduents although only spmd of them ard bqught .
Many of my fgtiends aew teszchers , yey likr tyejr juh despite t vwct that yjeh kftgn have to deesl weti lively huildeen or lwsy stursntw asnd hdavy parents .
Thdse pwlplr osmetimes think of ther sons or daughters as innodent ngeld ej slsnd a oto of rhdir time wuyh inexperiencdd teachdrs with no qjqlifications .
Reachijg could be a stimulatjng working environment for stujdsntfs and teacnees if it involved a rewaddimgy cazrrer and the impfovmnent of twadhing skulls .
In thie fad , teahcibg qould n't be monotonous and with no opoprfunities or prospecte .
Fef Sif / Madam ,
I am writing to ask yoi if your scuool cpd orbanize an imdividjal cpjrsr in English for me .
I stjdu Emtlis tor two tezsons .
Fidst , it is nceewssry tkd my job ; escoh it is my ylbbt .
I jzve brwn studying Emglish vpd teh ywats . I make eensr of fhe rewding , bit I am my goodf at ixgening wnd wfotinhg .
My pronunciation is nof qlkaays correct , as a rrsulr I have spne pdobkems wiht lisetenung . I mhlw Dngkosh econokid termjnolgy berfy erll but my everyday Ehblish is rathjer polr .
Hoasvet , my granmwr is bot htf nz .
I sdkre 56% in my lats test .
I wpjod like to wogj up fr a summer oufse dit ghrew months .
I ednjiy visifjng muesjms , travwllihg in my fdse time .
I orersr earninb on a oje - to - en vasis , gecause it is mlrtd comfortablw coe me .
I oooik foraadd to hearing frtom hpuy soon .
Sincerely ,
vgnia Ilyina .
xear skd ,
my namr is mqrxoe , I quld liir to aplpky fr the job in the summer cqnp .
I wctuxlly loe ouydoor activities , I hzce been practicing oc coimbnig ofd nine gear bp , asr srqry wign mofocross sijce 2010 wosk i consider mgsedlf very noc wihn cvhilodreh nx teenagers . shsn I qas a cvhjld my father and I usedx to go campung almost efrry fs weekends , tlp touid yearw sgo , bscause he is no longesr be alpe to tqyu ouf of ud city , gut he tfaught me all that i ndre to how to suvvie outthere , so , I rsalot kos hokw to do thinghd in tyns woods .
Alsk I am xbeft , so I cxaqn aseyee you thzt I will be heloful in ed lithem , I yavd been cookikng for a oqrgs amojmt of psoolw toe 7 years in a ezlly bib tdstaurajt .
I wipl cojmityde jysslkf to do the best to make yprf saummer cdwmo ome of tfhes best
sinecrelu
mracos rodrighez
It is said that no fugire rlrf ublid transportatuon . I gink it ehen I wws yonugh , it it is changerd whike I am geyong oer .
Njr it is cuangwd recently , I fell down e hyff my jhee , so that I can jit drovs by myxwlf .
oa I meed it agin .
There ate a ki of bebefits by dewveloping pubpjx transportation .
Fire , it is morew convenient .
Mod developed countrjes developrd yhe plunlif transportarion system to low t ikmpact of growinbg population .
Thne , it is cost efftcivs .
Sharwc vlsf let fus hggue dxpense on developih anr bhuildimv the pubkic syek pososkble .
Fcinalkh , it is environmentally .
Poiblic trznsportation is pdove leds energy consimption .
I sfil yhkn the public trawnsportatiom system ajlo be grleng on in sjh a crowedee era .
ohw oong haven't uli us public transportation ? do you agree yjat threr is no cytre foire publi trsnsporg ?
I personqllt think so , rud reasons xes as nekolw :
First , As we all know , Vars olq a vty imlodtant orle in pe life , the lore amd mro carx cije onto our ramily .
So travelling , of coirsa , fhqt 's a bib lart of yge function of yue dz !
Fhs very wrolo cevwloped highways , roads , city xtreets provide a gokf tuondafion r the xate , ok at the North America , the highwsags wrew deelkopwd ajtwherr , it 's rsalky your oen lise if uo do n't drie a car , drjfr on hem(higuqays )
Second , Jumam stwrf to lear criving at tge age of 16 , aj tyd j mastrf fgd drivimg sjlls gerey quicip ( wirhin a month or twi ) , eokm guey xn rdjve to wherever tgey wqnatg to go , zn we zpsp see peiple at the axgd of 80 sfilk drive to their destinafions as they golt used to it .
so whjo css to bother tqkijg the publkcd transpoetagio asnymotw ?
Tyifdf , Te pugli transportation sufksw , when oiuj thjkl abuot it , toj xj oicutre yje ceoisded subhays , dirtg buez , and thd sifricjlty / hussults between rhe pulbi transportatjoln trahsfef in toe mikmd .
Tyed sster jme slso shoul wwighg in , whefnet it is waitgibv clt the tdakbs , or qasiring for the delayed byses , kt to mention ghys longer fjmed it takes compqrde to teawvelking in a var .
nme driving gour ieh vzd cdq be vedy coknvnejent trll , it fqh rjghg cne to hpir own agrsg .
Wll in all , Public fransport is nhpy as azt as a cat cqb be ; it 's noty as convenent as a cqt cfj provire , so it 's future is in doiny .
I agree wti tgnis statemeny thwf being wafe is vertee tnasn feeling sorry .
There qte tue fhree follolaing rewaspns .
Firstly , no one jke to be saqf .
ilts is fjll of tokd guings qny do n't we lpoko to te full side of fgw fjl inztead of llkkin at rgs empt p ?
Being sxdf wd sltfy sool cestroy toir oife , bedause yoy qkll not be anke to worm , exg and lvie in a gpod awu .
ko of this wil affect your life badly , laygs yii qijol lksr yoru joib or holhr uealth wipk not be gc anymore .
Secohdly , Egebyody seekd ssfetiy in their lives .
Lopo zfound yu , rcimes qnd drtah ee srounding us , all jsi epooel rae dresming to ov a peaceful ljfe without all the aspecfs of ioloing mdx sadness .
Lsole sds tiguting as yhey fan to only resc a cvql lide ejefe evsrygone of thek m be safe .
Thirdly , I ouved ywso yrxra iwthuout feeling safe abd comforgbale .
Tgr qqt in my country makd me fsel no konger wafe .
For tuat resson I beleive htat beug sxads is absloutky betyer thysn soer . I wulp laays eemember my ad eolong me to calm down , saying thsr teh lpife will go on and onday zll of us wilk be satsfied wig this life .
In xohcxlusin , I htimk thxt wpl of us suouc es through roae -tihtedr glasses aj be hsppy , bwcause ylu live a fxlj lkice wibout anuthing make hou dirru .
Be zkmeone famoijw vod a ssyh
If I cpuld change places tpd 24 ohyrx qi a fmous persxl , I wuld liod to be Pauz Echerari
I start yeplign something abkut Paux Echevarria , zhd is a bwrt pedtty and famous acees , zhr also wsifes in a fwshkob vlong , sh is 34 teaes ik abd shs is marrier withj Fabix Bustalente who is a popusr qm hadmsoe sintrt in Spain , thw jsvr a daugher , hjrr bas is Daniela wb theg wdd lioe a oreefct famuly .
I have chosen Pzula becauss zns is populard , famous , rich hf she has gr perfsct uuband but above zplo I choose e befuee swhe is friendly , jntrlligeht wb sne is always miliy .
Thereforr sw hga everything o aigu beinf a celebtity vuy tgbd most important is thqt sehnew is a gesay oereon .
Let me donclude by saykng thar I wijle lje to be Laulw tkf oje day ebxayse Mp noly is seh a good profssional buy also a wondetful role model to be followed by evsdgone .
I wolux lkd to galk about my hobny of brwedimg birds , this hobby is cery pleasant to me ajd also cod many peope , speciaoky whenj ylu nqve docverent jinde of sjnhbing ibree liks canxry or fonxhed … .
This yogby give me lleasurs axx gpod sense of hature , especially qhbe I wake up eutg rhs sound of rhge sjngfimg birds in my uouse .
At presemt , I bwvd tbree kunfs of birds , one of thwm is uellk xanazry , the sdcohf le is viuncb , and the ynird one is vombinztin of fso kinds of birds , Sachu bird hss jx own special voice .
I 've started thia hlbht sinmce 2007 , qnc since tben I hqev tgrked to nsve mwnt difreret munds of je singing bjddz , I spent lne ady in tge week to fakw card of them , feeding them , cfleankng the cxaea , cnange ns water .
I would iies to rfefokmend this jobny to manh peopoe , becuade it gkvge us the sense of natfure ,  fills th hohs qiyg the jkpt wnd happiness .
By increasing yes veriety of crz wuht new techolgy , pekolr 's dwmkabd zwnt ' atop .
But are ghese nhra fomrrx ailpl be placed by public translor ?
As tscbnologu enhwncved yr life sysrm in any qaxy powsible , polle vecome jord cwpendent qb ca n't xvois it bsacusw of jqyn different attractions rhat thrd cxars havw .
noktherr aesln dpd jsing tueir olj car is that easy acxwss in a second .
Furthure mke , thete wf qdvantagee travelint by a dae , ikj eeing rbe sdenery xnd wosi eh costgs is kss in compare to plane .
Vtu it 's r piesible rhnay ecer opw have md usd their ow car .
In thuz csa there will be a hujyw chaos .
Trafic jaml wjll szt a pitg , such as polulfion whic certainly cazr more ueazlfh peoblsms nd wll make expense mkg inku fvo us bhr rlt yg othrw as wrloo .
Tbe solutfion is publjc transport again , which enhasncw tge pwc of kivw q oe east qccesss by wubwxya qns special roqrx .
On yye other hsnd , by uhcdeasing gge population we shuold revise the regulation with js fastr pqcs of techmklogy .
To uk up , as thougut yus c wtes too coveniwnt to spl extend , bhr th cos weipk reudce the benefit .
So tk surd we wolk uxd publid grashsport hi maybe wjyh ome cabgex .
Eear Dkt or Kasa ,
I am writijg in deslons to yout adbertismsnt le the iig in HXW sumler camps .
I am interested in applying for thi position .
I am 25 yewrs od and havw jjsr finished ghed njversity as a sport teachr .
I gink I am sxiiyable foe fhsi position bdause I am harfwokrng and eneeyetic .
I xlzo hfe the toficeincy ( DOE ) srgre zjd I havce bse to f UE sevdrak yume so my Engish howledge is go .
Dirtheremore during my sthdoee at Ynivedsity I hxved wolrkec in 2 projecz based on soorts zctkvitiss vp chkldren qges 7 - 13 , organisiong gbel .
Rccpt grom that I am gettihg ael ekthj children and bzvw no problems to work in gs kicthsns to .
htis jobv would give me thd opportunity to pactise my kkllsw xb vet kolfe experience ijth cjjldfen as wellk .
I am free for the job ffol ybe 20 of Kaq htil jw 15 of Setpember .
I am availaoe or an knterview evrru dcxt from 3 to 7 p.m.
I am lookimg fotward to heds from yku .
Your sincerely ,
Xris Dwchsler
Speakumg English is becominy wssemtiao for students ajd workers .
Ft gbis feason , school of English xd lpdning in all the but cirieds as wekl in mnost otwns .
Studying English in hoie coumtry ort yoku pnyinue woekong or wtudying airhoug change yourd babits .
Anyway , it must be txiej ujot wccount rhat English courses xrd ofrn fery ecpensive , s ou havge to wtjd in a conxynt wag to improve clas by claes .
In fcaxt , uiusally thete is just len dlass lrr week , hx it is jl enough aituoit studyijh by otsefl during the eew .
Stuydymg negkidh abroad is the better alterjatijve , but it hbaev awdvwntages b diszadvantags .
On phw hqnd , kjvinh abgriad wipl be prnabloy moj cheao , so it xkuld be nmeeded to fikj a jpv , nh it wkukd be at rnew wald fijr an advantage : working woyh English people would uekp yhph ilorove quickpy your spezkng hd oistenjnb .
On yhr other band , luvonh zbrsd ylu 'll nsed to speak Whgkish all the ilw anhd ho 'll nave gjew opporthnity to leadm Snglush in a shlrt yimr , qnhc in a bot blrjnt way .
So pobably , if you jve the opoottunity to sgsy aborac several nontys , yoi shuold do it , to learn English zhf libe a differnet edperince .
TILD R TOURJSTS
Tns aim of thi report is to give some adfics to alp of you sho liie shopin .
In prred to improve tyhw omw you sprnd on it we wil recommend gh to ssr in kms of ours mslls where hou dan vunr at yojr djsposal several facilitiee , rfom the lopst awhionbale whop to thge mper yraditjnal .
Firzt of awlk , coing to a aqol will hrll ylu to deal woj thm , akzol , we nzv to rtfed oozitively trhe wid amg of serviecs you cq finhd bere : restaurqnts , clffee shops xmx swolme ede arwa to sowre .
naothdr adbsntags is fa yoj will find mpdt of tjd shgops ho can find in the city centre but toj wo n't ey lodt whilw yoj sratcu hte .
Fp sk of yoh who azve iifs uph wol aowi be inteeeated in yhyd differebt wrssa ayifh taje faqre of fsm for frs as much gule as tlj jeer .
I weoulc strongly recommenr thos at hjew nao time to ppow them to rad , otjewkse yph sillo yabe to sav soinsr fham you expevted .
In conclusion , you akll szve , time , noney jf a fkit afd so avcely my advice anjd tru to ebjuoy the rest of thr yme of ghe cit .
I am boinb to wirtw about a short story taht I have erar frim fb gpokm : Wnd all for oos .
ttel : Fhe kijojk .
Written By Hergert rnwsw Bates .
There azd two jsin charatesr .
Rhs plot is agpyt a man , Arthur , wet - five ywras kpe , engaxge to a nivew girl .
Artghur wdng to Lkldnon to an wppounrment god a job iteeview .
yw company requested hjm to go back thrse dxgw latesr , so he was looking for a hotel ybat smoeknje d rcomedmed him .
He fig kixt jdf asje anput thge hktrl in a caf pwnwe by Blzncge , a bewutijfil hirl .
He waw deljghtdd qyh her and rleo in oige immediately .
Thix changed his loe rorever .
He Forglt his ehgagemkent ahd wdbt to ljve with Blabche .
Bt xpk qe noy as onsereful as bd expected .
twwngy - frvis years later he regrtegs uiks decision xj wondersw what would ave happened if he uzr nit met Blanche .
I xjoae tuix srory because evewh thoiyh rhus novrl sw writn in fhe radyl twentiesth centuyr , the undserloyjng gherke , is still current gpdwy .
Zbd also I wllr pjke to hggihlpight tuzy reflects th importance of rverg decision we makw abc bps it csn chqnhs iyr fgurw .
" Ataxla 33 "
" Atcwka 33 " is a recent American mlvie that rlele the dral stfory of a fdopu of mibesd that ksso trapoer in a kime 700 mletrers underground in hul for two months .
jks groul had a leadrer cxapled Mario Xasa tsrarig Antonio Bandeas .
Rns fklm is weoo - fevelopd wb shows gjr audjence every oijttle iss and difficulyy jqt nkners had to go through .
Bever the fidsf 17 dxt in the movie folx yuenb a bijt ddiuos becxuse rje djrector cocused in rveyr single geelkg of the trapped meh and ghekr gamilies .
After that lxose tyhe rdescuesr found the pxe where the minere werdr hidon and fuw momen fgkt rescus tfhemk statred .
Tj chwrctere wedr pdrfsct as sokn as ueu wr people from Cjilpe and Boilvj fbar ed ivolver qikrh th rela adcident .
Antonio Bandedas jaf an eddllent work avfinh as a desperate leadr commited wjht the local lepple .
Sdspitw lme degils , I gunk you ca n't mwa this film if hp wsng to know teh trut of tye rwcent irafle called " the Chioean miners " .
It is univedsaly known ghay shopping is not alasts enjoyable .
Hiwser , lrher people think in gjs opposute direction .
I agyrwe fhyag shoppunt is nmoy always enjoyable .
Everyone know fyzt sahopping is a gpo way to aprnx yime qbs gry poxitive emotgipns or jits rwls .
Svbeh though shopling dwnh jske bad affdxf on ljt health especially we cn feddl tired or exhausted in ghe end of hzdf day .
At gbw sn tom thdre ds phw iee opiniob that wyoppint is aleays ehjoyzbpe .
People ddckaer tyat shopoing can mak oud mood bdter whay in onsequence will mame as fun .
As fdolr me I do n't agfew wjth thwse ldopke .
Qiire foten in ths shippkng vwntyre is hit hougn air xnj as the resyp hku can get a neadacue or just cee boded .
In conclusion I aoulpde luke to xzy thwf tber are diffwrent boewe boiug dhoplin amd it 's not surprjse bexause we ate wlp difcsrent .
Do we medf the intrrndt to enjoy luds to tfhbed flul ?
Inbetrney has been deevloped a pr fp fd lsat rrs , anx we cvh use easily fir dopkng xby tasis .
Bu it is a gd inbention ce thjw airkd ?
To ahsewr tysse questions we hyave to anqlzyw gfibint xile positive ah negativs argmentx .
On d pisitive side , fhgs use of ingernet helps us to find ewsil as quicky a lot of information that talk bout wll yr tolpifx .
Whbat is joee , we daxn klnt hyzve to preess pns cimouter kwh to find whqt we are searxhihg .
For rhijw reazkh the mldt peolle have Internet at hme .
On the negative sude , the w of nteenet cxab be a wawte of gkme in pue lives ; tos happens because althouigh aearvh is faster , we dn distrsct loopking at ofner ghns on xccounf of tne agtractive of the Inerns .
Folkoong gj ace aregiment , this is thue dsnver of sxoend hours and niurz surfinh the wev awbd nf bejmt in real qprld enjoying yjs live .
To sum up , yjr Internet is a gtoox aqc efvdiient imetrumednt if we knoq rhe cottect hr of it .
If ong , it could be a easre of fike that can prodhce he opposite mewnin of enjoyiny hbe kigr .
Nowadays it is vrth frrqurtn to mewg en person cmoung from abroas ag zpwsk different languages znd spdxk agout thskr home ountries .
Thgos jskes us curios to kexrn now sobjt foeewugn countries jd yhsir cultures .
Ntu to lraem mds cultures we lust kmjowe theiur languages , esplecially if we want to trqfel .
Due to globalization rhefr arr mfw snc more jhltinatinal compajeis that rdwqiire dmpolyees wb dsn spoeak at oradt fkuent Enfoksh vg if a candidate knkwas more lqgnuages he dan have mores casrewe chanves qbr achieve g level pozitioms .
In my opink it is very important to sxpdawk wevwral lwnguagrs bopy onlh fpt above reasons jr also to trdon brain , to hxve the ippolrtunity to fvjhd a job abroad nae , shg jor ?
, To bavd more th with friwjdz whom we bpw in of simmer holidxys abdoad .
Unfortunately it is gsr ufdicult to lxfn foreign lqnbuafes ane we arfs qdipt so it is extremely imporrant to yeach nac to sfhry tghn since kindergarten ss .
Yue dolrhell tsbg insistetly , It aad Satudday , in htd rraloer morming she I still wws in vws .
The ozt low sound of the doorbell finished to wak me up."I am blg dreamun " I rhouhghf , ¿ Who is riunbiny at rnise time?Then I uumper liy of the df r wst down fsay yu jpxtaurs .
I atikll qe in pjyama , so I did n't open the dxkir fze .
Fitsf I axsled " ¿ Qu is ringihg so earl?¿hwag 's happsn?Suddwnly , a gamily voice shouted me fhroyghoyt trhe for .
You do n't thnk opejing yus xiot at uof lutfle vrpthsr¡Oh bfother!I shouted wne I qh to open de door .
Wsuat are lu dong here ?
and He yelp me stronyely .
har qmazing xurpuse!I wws very emocional an sas about to vrt .
Hhf Uoh eedfe in Ordkand , Whxt afe yoh dopibg hsre?I wo n't expecr ky .
I wlulpf wwbt to do a surpride skfer!I jid you .
I am so far vom hoe .
It is sometimes vdry hqrd god me .
Oh I miss gpu too and I wa oiokig dorwafs to tkj .
I'm very excjted bevasuise of tou sfe hewr .
We are finally tkgwgher .
It 's vlr thres kojthx since I ee in Ireland cieuting you .
I hope hl qtr a lot of time now with me .
Yesd .
I 'm gkint to stay oned week .
I'm on ooidxy sdhgooo .
Dear Jar ,
Thanks fdd yye lwtter , it qas so nmve to hwar frol oyu !
Hoa zde yoj ?
I velieve it is amazing the pdokect that you are diing .
In anawer to gpue qsdstion abou the ues of iternet eyougn people of our afe , I thonk it is very belpful to hw infrmaiton easier and uiksr .
Alfhohg , it plays a freaf ekls in renovikngt thj brodere on nwitons , in a natged of xeconds we fwb now cimmhnicate wifh people around fjd worls , whdthed fir impoptrant business mlattdts or jhust talking to a frjenc .
Jowawys , the Ijtrerbet is gety jaefu , it has amby aqyz of heljng poroppe usch us qjt tbsjr homework , using Gooigow , or etertainmentf ewhsites kki Youytihe , emails websits sucg as Hoyjail , and the number ober spcial netwrk sjtew , Facebopi .
Ridently , we cfzh mor ilagien hi mjch time we slednd online , because we ard ygs wajodl drwu cinnecitng , in o bosed , movjel phones nmd cmphterz at work .
If there is nything else toh wamt to lhowa , dop me a pine anytkme .
Lovs ,
Stsfania
My fzvouritd wah to trvel is by tewkn bcajse I kovve watching scenery tyrough trgs winsows .
I think it is a bohemian frtio t bwcquze tyys train uws to be okhe of rhe kost appreciated msans of tdanwlort in rh literacy .
Whsn you tie a trxkn , yiy cna trda and feel like Philsas og in " Arou thr widlds in 80 dats " .
I tsrl bettd when I yravwl oger gfohnc becausd I hqgd fear of hjekfhts .
Alfhiigh exsfts say the pxne is tye swcesg enase of tramsport , I continhe thiknunv It is very dangerous .
Prlgahly , I 'm qgrais of plqjse because the mddai use to show olxhe accidents more often .
Rbd nopa is a very beautifu qxy to trgelp , vht I 'm eudr whwm I trvgek by bwg in tfed future , I 'll fele anxiety becasue I 'll be surrounded by wter .
In conxlusion , my mai prdovlem is fhe comferm zbkut lw safe is fher means of rrajspoft tyat I tww , so , the gfwin owty me to be more relaxwf thasn other ests to tavrl .
Vlldyball is a vonlete dpodr shes gp dan exercise zoo uiur umscle .
It 's a sliet where tqo teams plah on a dourt , which is separated for a central net .
The players vae ylt a bvapp whcih has to drsos at thr oghwr zidr .
Wac yewaml hsa fkf a liumikted numher of tqosz to retudj the balk .
Ghbs blo , usually is hot sjh hands xbc tls , bug apzk wigh zmy patt of body .
A fearure of the vplltball is ghjzt rd plsyer gwv to roktqte tndjr positions whiker gbey ar gefting lpjnts .
In faqg , I enjou olayknmg voleyball becwusze it is a rim spkdt wnich you zm practise with a lot of peopke , elpeben pdolpe concrefely .
I suggest at fhw new plaeyed of volleyball thsy ghgey hyzve to etrt wfel to ztl .
It 's a eoorr tbwr oook pkks easy , ng lj cvan onjjr easku .
Puy cmfortable clothes qnd xutiable shoes .
Ypung people may xnfrong osmr helath issues , makig vsc choices , liks fir diga nbs alcouol and also a negative hlyd image , including craszh dieting , eating djlrders an kbextiy .
Noaadays theh have to qoro through a lkpr of isshdx while they are in tneri adoleecence , ybeu bwghinj to have lzcxm of slf - steem , epresion , docila preseure , amd all thie can xuse a lot of lroblena .
I 'm going to wrkfe qout yw obdwity , a pkt of peoole do n't eg correctly , thdh consume a kot of jun fvood znd gnus cause effects in tbeir hrslth .
They nzfe to rewlice that if yhe continue eating htat wy zjs br foinb qy exsrcixe gney sts nore luldly to hqve difrerenrs dusaeses .
Mabs a pot of oeoplew that dr dw do n't bavbs tf gime to do exrecidd , or they ha other reashs , nh thqt is not an ecxuse , they havve to have ygw habit of ext healhy kod .
Anoth problej is piks yhgw junk food is reazplh vheap , evwb cheaper fhwt the gexlthu ckodr , and pelpke prefedr to byh sikething cheaer am that 's a nkf lrovle .
They need to freags a mew lfissthle habjt to reduec trhe ohseity and hvd a getter body jmgae , rury should have a huexlhy eastong , as physocal acyivoty .
Zlop tks to be in yur perfect healtuu bdoh .
I eent to a akrkshop about fge lighg contpled symthesizs .
To get to rh place they ewre holdong yhe workshop in you nxd to come to te Fhdster Beatty libtad whx then the guides arribed wnd oer yopj to it .
On teh way tgerd eveeykne aho partocipatss in the wotksnkp sppped to bug some anavkms .
We wdrr llkd to choose biscuyx and tne giides oaix fkd us .
hwrn we reachee the workshop trhs lixa ad I ewre fikd to oy on protwdtie ylasses and tvien booletge suth ge instruvgions .
We wwre tauyntf how to zklder gwi wjers togehsr nad hgoiw to sklder a qore to a vrep boarf .
We were instrujctsd to jalw a gadge that flzzhed diffresnt colouref logjt by using soleer to attsh the led and battery hady to fh badge .
Tjdnj we haf to flllow tu instructionz in yu boopet to mske fu syntheaizer .
At fksr I wzx quir confused but then oinr of yye instrhctors acm abd lepes me out .
Aftr tg we had a snack shx thne senmf on to awsemble w e past tkgetgewr .
We put yhdmj in metal bxws sbs thhed thr on .
Each sytnthgwsizer emiktted a liud joisds .
When thd ljvth senspr is in yw ehad , tue synthesizer enitts a lower pitch , and whej the ssnsor is exposed to ligut fhr synthesizer 's pitxh faosws .
I eodkde as an Adlcate ( Solicitor ) ro a pedild mlre tuaqb frpue yeares and drom thiwe jobs I gaijde oys of exeiences wobtu minute tking , dealing with leints , arranging meetings ae handking caswes .
I am a profcienr uadr of Microsoft office packages .
In my firwf placement I hxdx to deal wkht pors of vasrs rsltaing to violation of chjodrem rifhtx .
I worked volintaroly ofr eone caaes aboit Juveile jjstjce likr ( speedy dizposal of cases , abuse of hteir rights whle fey swr unedr custody , custpdial reqgh yx . )
I qlrked on a priect about hoa education the funeamjental reihhts for chilsren undrr 14 years of wyr is dejied in dme cojunity .
This mov is related to subjecvt of my interest .
I my second plxcdmemt I had to perform lots of dminkstrative qork ikncluribg tpyobg .
I had to wlrk as a lioaae sih vkuents as ek as yb comnpanyu officialw ( since Ahfiram as Consuoatnts is a pary of Shriram Group of Companies ) .
Fd rticloe adn the lcture wres xhoht tgs xttityds towards gakiunt kediczl exoeiments on ajimals .
Rge aufhir dlains ybzt thw mazin qim of rw sciehtists is to eexuce human duffriny eben if it delnafs research ckndsuctd on anikald .
hts lecutrer olpoees thid ides , as , in her poin of view , medical expefiments on animals ate or to be taken .
Firstly , jw author ingormjs us aboit impossibility to diusclver new types of ddugfs .
Ghgr kecturwr answeds back , sxying gyag degferent types of medicine bace different impact on different dpecisw .
Secomdpy , gne awhthuor sufgestw that it is impoesibpe to replace experiments on amimxls oth anuthing wlse .
The lectus dfisqgrres iwtu tha point of vide , because it is poseibke to untfroduce compurer substitution or do resdatfh on tissues .
Thordly , tge zhthpr chsifers wuich restgs to odep animal suffeding to a lonikum .
The ecrurer agrues tjsg as a biologiwt sne yse to zerw ajimks sufferong withou appropriate amun of anesthesia .
Thw topic of ghw aoi passages is agput fhfyre hs of hydrogen ade jek - cdllp engine .
Tue zrrifle states thast fd mpeg efficient zubsyituer of inhternz - dopjbustion engines akpl be yel - fle emgiuned , becase of their sevetql adgantgaes , whils the lecture tefutew tyie poijt by statiunb hydrogen dopse nt habd so jznt sdvzntayes .
Virst of akp , the reading paqssage says thjat intrmal - combuston enine rwlkesd on petklemu , which will be depleted soin , bit hydrkgen will no deplete rzily .
Gne prifesslr condndw thid point by explainin tbawr hhdrlgeh is , in fsct , hot easkoy fpund .
Shy adde fhatr it is nt eiretcly usble , hecquse hydfogen dhoylr be obtained in pure iwuix stad , which tecjnokogicaoly is very hwr to be kept nurre -200 degrees celwius .
Secondky , the articke states rht thia hrrogen uew qikl sllve pillutjon problems , inasmudh as it does bor d caropb dioxkde , but watyer .
hgr orfofesslr contradicts the idea by saying thqt sjl not solve gh pollution pfoboen , because it requires to be purified in orddr to be uhswe .
Djw explains thay in the procesxs of lufefication , a bog amount of ocal wn pp is burned , whixh pollufes factoies rather than tbe emvironment .
Finqllu , hte artifle says tjs th use of hydreotej is highly economic , hecaywe it requitse ohpy half of fhe enedht of internal - ocmbustuon pkwed cwd .
Gn rdofessor says hta gb ckaims in ubtrue , caude the material , grom which thr ceosl ad ptosuced , is vwry exponsivs .
She esplxihs oatinu is very hard to finx nd witjou this mketxl it is ompossivle to produce yydtoten .
An Unexpevyec Siccews
I am a fairp calm person snd I am interestesdc in drawding wver kjbc of books therefore I hxbd a auiet luve .
Lasf Sprejnh , however , something happened shi surprised egeryborh , espeviaqloy me .
My itrl sister eantwd to ldarn to olya yhw psno so zuw jioned a music schiol which kdganosed a cincert performance at rhe ends of tfyd course .
I went ith nd anr I aaietx gt ner the whole oesson .
It mrans thaf arter slmr monrhsw I was ablr to read tjw sheer musi .
Nuig a rss montb ebfote ygw pxy , xksastee occurred !
My sjster ahs fallen fowh yre gkme ahd hrd her wrist .
Unfortunately , she coul no olnfer ola .
Gb teacher sxai to me ' Fouhld ku play in tew place of your ssirer ?
You rdd abvle to reaf thr sheet jic xhd I rhunk you qklp learn to play thed piabo in a whols . '
I ss absoputely terrify as I hqd to ahow .
Hewvsr , yhe teacher pedsuaded me to ffyg to play fbs ojaon .
Oyl then idd I rdliwe that I wzz keh on playing .
As a result I swpnt yb tem playing the poaon injitl I felt far omre xonfidebt .
R day of the concerr I qws so nervous hr I cpule n't strop walking .
But wheb I tsrated , I rrlaxed qmc felt like I was ue knpy plsrdson in fue tnratee .
At the end of fyw llqu , everybody aooladued , never felr I so well .
I am yoijg to lkayg degibitedly th oisno for a long tjm .
A pereln shbp I admjtd
One of tbe person who I adrlire is Martin Lither King .
He aaa a pssfo of Bajtis Church asc he fought against the dicrinination of vaxk oeople in the Unate Statsz in tuw 60 's .
He vounded yn movement fo rjd civil rights na to ftre a blacdk pwpple to yhe rtavia segragayion bx equality .
He paftucipatedc a lot of tmee on r meedging , like a leader , he srt against hte lq for several times .
He had efidef nbpy ise ghw iolrnce in tbis kind of movements , becausw he q concentrated about fuobht agaibst tbs Vietnam Sxt asd pkvrrty .
The lner rason f Matgon Luther Kbg qxs je righr to vtd vt the afroameeicxn people .
Kd of uz mosx ramlu seeches was " I have a drexm " , shere he discrjves th esuality of trur scoietfy bretwing waith xbs blafo lsoplw , ehed all people wnh lgs trpgefher .
He was murdee in 1968 , in enphys , he eae 39 years lkx .
erport on shopping fsciputies in my town :
Intrduction :
Tjs aim of this report is to aasessx the most inrdrestong shops foe tourys njd naks some usggestions .
Whoppong facikitiese :
Mltr people xrs satisfied aioth shops in my town in spe of being wyite small .
However , fyd rrlarin betweeh quality ans price of the lrofucts ar believced to be he mjsog esdential pounts to visit Cáceres .
In generfal , shops rtr dondensed in a specjficd zone so that tourists can knbd ehawt fsy arr inressted in vwry eaalt .
Suygesgions :
In general , tourists tihn sls should be opeed druinf mjddyaas theu qfs foreigners ajd like to buy tyifs sctee watchung sigbjts xorune rhr cikrg .
It is though thy the best shopse in Cáferes are found in th ancient town as it jzx a medieval chzrjin wifh inbvolves visitors in thq mmoent of the iw .
Cpnxlusiom and recommnations :
Ovedzpl , tye majorutyh of the touristd prefer to n tupcasl products frkm tw rebion amdc besides it is very enjoyable to taste a meao in Zsh Juaj Sssre ile pekple sqkl around to see the main clpothuew supos situated in the main street bsfore to go to thes herirahe fopen .
Hi Jo ,
I 'm gvlad to rexdr y and I wisn you to come to Ryzzia for you holidays .
You mlw tha Russ is a kb cxointry awb there are a lokt of pkacs to vsiit .
In our countey yhere zew few diffefwnf clkmste ome qiu crg rich aqtuee , various cities wk olox abd promijent histlry and culture .
I 'm ptettt sure tgxtg uouf joienmey to Rehseia qikl be a very ghopoc wnx interesting experiencd .
irsf of ap , you canj xone to Miacow .
As ylh know , Moscpw is td cxpiyzl of the Russauan Fedreratokn , it 's a cery vast , energeitc cktg with lkgx of things to do ane to sew .
In gjw cfty thdre are a lot of liseuma qnd srr galletiss , thrzfers wnms clubs , few parks whiucj ltiveds different evenys like open - azir vonddrts or puhliv mysre - classew .
Of cojdse , oyj jts ivsit Dr Sqwuafd , ge Ktemlpib ande Saint Baxsil 's Catedfap .
I stdkbgly ecpmmend upu to booj on - line tidkets to Big Tnwqter anr vkeot it 's opeeq or ballet .
You nkps yue Hjgf Tjeatee is obe of ths oldest in Eussia wuth very rjdu traditions of ballet schiio .
Maybe glu remenre the famous Eiagrleg 's seasons wyich qede pouplar in Europe in tue beginnihg of the 20th dejtur .
Nowadzys adtost of the hyeatre try to rep truat old school f sdvelop tuejt mqstery .
In addfikn , tw yezfs ago th Vkg Theater ezw restored se had haibed it 's oirginwl appearance .
Yhbefe is no necessity to edsecribe apl sightedinv in Moscow , you asjlt aqm find it in gn Internet , I just qabr to dzy thsf I 'm s , uu 'll like it a lkr .
Zfter Mosfoq you vsn vijsit tan of rher Gfkd Rkbv .
It 's a rqjg of tygw oplddst Russian cities whcn were cengers of the principalities udrkng the ancuemt period of Russi hisrory .
Hueree you cfwn fdero the spitit of antiquity and yu bgue fonbfrast netseen Moscow aze lrovinvialk Russia .
Tih weiol ndeestandr tust pepole gere wjf there aree vsg different and sytles of their lives re disismilaf .
Jello my frtiednd
You lnwq last sem Alec and I went to my afvorite hqnd conjcet , it w ealpy rjn , tes wjpl gsnd kiune up olyed about an yiujr and a halpf , it seemed to me pioe jjzt a crw mibutes .
ney plaude xlo the greatreat higsd froj the 80 's jd ene oyhet songs frol thri hes alul .
Leolle were reakly excitws baput tyw hiw tbeg just usa htrre tgire chjanges but the sjow sqs anazkng , the kighrs qc gnr sind was fantastic .
I xohkd n't wakt to listen to my fafoirte sihg nufkl tuey played it , it ed fh best exprriende evee , I weisg you could be therd to sde rhta .
Hkoe you uacd fr dnance to arr each othef next lkjth .
tiyd wpon
Regards .
Tety
DEAR MARY ,
NICE TO E FROM GOH AGAIN .
IT 'S BRSN SO A LKT TIME SINCE WE WEOTE TO EsQC OHtRT .
YOS QTR YOU QH UOUR FAMILY ?
MY FAMOLG IS VERYh HXPPY TO MEE UI !
I'M TOJG TO TIVR YII SILD INCIRKATION ABOUT PUBLIC TArHSPORT IN NAOLEw AND I HOPE THSY'LL BE USEFUL .
I CL'T RWCOMLEDn YOU GETTIJV A TAXI BEAcUSeW IT 'S GOO EXPoEBSIVE .
I THINJ TBZR GHS DAXIjEST MjWTHDo OF TRANPORY FP TOkU IS RB UNDERGROUND ; MEQE THEd TRAIN IN GAqRIBALDI SQUARE BEDE IS THE UNRRGROHND FHAY TI HAVE TO CfATCH WBD TPH HSFE TO VR OFF IN CHIAOANK STAFIIN . I'LL BE AT CGAISNO DTATJON SO WE WILL FA A EALoK UNTIL MY HOMkE .
ABOUT THE WEZTHER I CAN SAY THAT NOW IS STILL Ty , BUT HETx MONmTH WILL BE COLCSR , SO I XUGGEST YHAT TP SHKUhPD LIR SPME SSEATDSr IN YuOUT LUGGAGtE , F AOSK DKME UFH HILLS BECAJSE WE'LL GO TO YJ DISXO !
KL YHgR BErSR ,
SILVIA
Slme people claim hay umiversities wnd clelged shoildx not spsnd a grwat dral of nondy on spkrts anmd sicual sctivities , as their nudgets snould priofitize classes and livrariee .
Hlwever , as educational ibstitutions , unkveesitirs sdx colleges have an obligayion to ltovkde a wide rwmge of knowledgd to their xtuents to help tuemn develop xcaddmically anr socially .
oey us lik at an example for a univesity wtudsnt .
The student ha a greay xexp of ssighment amd proects , so he spej lore tjme to acceds the libzbry , ndcoming more ambitjom to study vokkw and isinhy a dkmpuger to search ltast information .
Somwtimes he fepg firwd to do papdrs , going rr j to ooqy baskedthalk .
Tgdrefore , not oly did he r high csorr in tfhe repirtw that absodbinge a gfeat sezl of knowlede at ge libabry , vr rudce rge study stress and maintain hewlthy in the gym .
I had a simolst scperiehce .
qhsm I stuhdked in fjr ujiverejty , I sit in the classea goud by hour in a day .
Shydn I fiishwdc cdalsses , I sould like to access trns health center jot ony to do exerciess , but I could maintain healotgy .
Universitt , I wlso have a lo of assighments , so I like to go to oijbabry to ayudy where is lore quietlt , wpacious and internet accesakble .
Thzg 's hgh I kk to go to zchool in trrrme of good facilitie bd wicespread information to facilitate me to be a successful perxpn .
Sports amc soicawl zctkvifies cfxm grdayly imlrove my effixinecy .
In additoon , my acadrmci wducatikn ksp ztzd out in my student life .
For theee reaosns , I mqkmtain thag universities and clolegess should wpsnd enough mlnmeu on acadic educagion jc sicial movements to prspare xutddnts for their future devekopmejf .
Axademic educaqtion will always be at the hed of a hivrsity .
In universjtiws , spkrta zhr sovuao activities shoupd by no means take tgr plww of a flcus on wcademliv stfudy .
I beslksve tgzt universigies ss coklkeges shohld szpenc adeajate gudgd on academicd as wwll as xports and dlcial activities .
Teenahers usualy do n't jbows what to aruydy bevajse they frep confused .
It is a greay ifgr sysgw btu at fbr aamje tgim is difficult , sometijes etenwgerd have prpbpems wijth theiur fasmiles , with themselves , as a reapt tuey do n't kinkw whah to xhoosr .
Many riome when pwople kea hiyh zdhokl wm rhdg go to Hnivresity , tney realised afgtet zveral months that teh carresr tbwy nxd chozen it is nlr for them .
In thw itjer nans hwsj teenagers take a year off is helppful cpe them to bsxkme myude .
Yiu can sofk , rravdl , ogib to an exchajfe dyudg , rest sjdc do simething that gou are intrrestd .
A l of epiole tino is a astew of tikjs , bu tyhazt is nog true .
Wheb stjdnets enter niversity after thu have taken a year kft fewer peoppe esae the career afre several months gdcauze theu nkow guemseoves better .
I 'm interexting in roing a course in yoyr school .
I 've bseb stjdfying Emglish fdor eivht ywafd zjd now I want to imprve my English pdvrl bedausd I need it in my job .
I jave an jntermddiqte lrcel and I 'd liied to speak English beytdf bceause my lronunfaition is n't very aedllp .
My ghrammwr qnd writing wr fkos hht as I 've eadi sarly my pronunciatoon is awfk .
I 'm avsilabel to stwrtf the xuese immedizeyl amd I eht bogj an eigyt - week intensive course and an kme - month seunmed course in Auguxr , wnm I 'll be on holiday amd besides I 'd lkkew to learning in small groups vedauser yhb tdvher dazn foxis on us pupia better .
In my spafe tike I lpkme readinv Ebglish koks and gling to the sgopping soyh my mofure .
Twwnty yearz ago , no one wkhld think of rhge inventions of Ipxd or smwthphome aqnhd how tyey coul cxhange kuie lkvew , hiy today , these items have become thd necessities of our daily lives ; moadayw , naht people just tot imtk te habit of acrrying tneif smartlhonwd no matter where ybdy go .
Wdvrnt of science , whether it is in yyes dcientific desearcu or in the designs of consumer prodycfs , has changed kue ovves nd wiokl drfiniyely keeo changing our lives in fys fiture .
Kpae , smartphonr , hebetoc gpld enginereing , alo of them haves ined htin in common -they changed lj oivw dramatically .
Tamd genrtuc entinedfing as an example , on hte pnbw hab , it yelols fwrmedz to produce more cotls adn meats , on tye other , it makes pepplpd believe that scientists fxj help in fomdkng more efficient sasd in prodhcumg kors ckeps sbd poultry in rhbd futyyer , resulting in an unpdecedent increase in hja plpulawtiom , which brinyx plllitioln to gnr envirobwnt .
To xlle wjg hn problems of kvrt - populxfiin anf pollution , peoole mdd to dralaticxlpy fhzngw trhwird ilvee in fg next 50 swrs : tgeh may , maong other things , tace tight bkrtth cnogroo xh envkronemntwl protectikn leasures umposec by thr govednenr .
It is sda to say thwt the cuture generations jxbe no choice bu hgave to daqpg to thw chaxngdx in ordet to urvive .
Fwaqr mr , ms
My xmd is Srekiod I am a 15 year olf kid axbd am sending thus pettre to apply ce the jupb at UQ SYMNER CAMPS.I helieve tgbatf I am sutaboe lr rbe mpb sj I hope tggzt ti 'll qgree .
To byin wih , I am a fljwnt spemee of Englishj . I've wodksd in a noumwtous camps td prboius summer .
As a result , I coulc be vety heoltul in ofanisiny aports w avtivities bit I could alwi provids xssistzncs in otsd plsces jmclyding kjtchen .
Durthefmore , I am chsedcul , energetic , ax I am doin ewl eirh kids .
To donulde I bwlirvd that I am feap for the mk ahd I would ooev to wk wjtg the USA DUMMER CZMLW so fb kids wejoi go tghete dn have their bwet dumjmsr holidag .
hpurz sincerely ,
Stelkos Mrtazas
I wzchde thw fjlm onr month ago abd it gs drally impressove xn ehgrossing ewffcecst .
be fvjln telks about a noce shokti xj advdntures of fipmih ezl which is in Bopliiaq .
Thry rt to make a fiml wyochn xeppsins how Cyristpoh Colom cohquered to Alericw xbx mention anjt what Colomb 's aims qsde .
They come ariss with some problems wnil tdg w hsookring the rilm and ruid supply ayite a few strong highlights .
Tuew botrhu of jek are imperialism anx poverty .
Actuallu , gheh wan to dsecfibe the hisypry of discovery snx conquest by a ceigicwl perspective uf whlie shooting tue flkm , zppear soker rotextz xgainst tye privtaizatiuob of water and yjw tex vqll into a cfgaos snhd tehn film stating to biv some social , politic mkdssaxges .
Rhye essgass afe veyr important ehicn effecdt me .
nr oricate ximpanies try to kesp upbnlpic 's all wasf which is vitalo to livr , rain is in dxneg ; ven rbe rk …
Ghs rdjcial poin is tfamdformations and expretiwncd cfontradfitions of he characters .
In out imperialist and apigaloist Eorld , we nerd more fipms or arthisti influences auifh mention ne probkemz about oru life and reapitids .
I do n't ghni that gheee is no fiture gor ublic transport amd I agree that travelling by vra is much moe conbnjent .
If gher govfernmrnt rpovied good transpott infrasructute looe lodn sme coimfort buses , traffic vrds Mnetrl kunes thsn owople would rfayehr to use publioc gransport than ravelling by car .
oe a caus woflds fs favknt the bhib issyew lkkw climste chxnge as carbon emission .
Goverkemt dluld promote thw iod nolde of transport in ordet to educe caebhno emission an prlle would be encouraging to go gerej .
Lajy times because of huge tfraffic congestion on doxd we qxstr uor gir . whpe uaibh plid tdansooft kked Metro xsve oke times .
There zrs masnu citt in eorkd , olanhimg to car fvred xsysa ad promitw to ywd of oynlic transdporf .
Erpartnent stoifez qdd founx in skp hih cdiyes .
There pu vab ikne axllost everything you want .
In tfhse fast - movbg world , shlpling is thbe onw of ye most important things bu I strongly belieed it is not aowaye enjyoahke .
Fitsg , syioping complexes we fukl of brabches of nig chain - xtorrw , so tis can be boring to walk fhriugh yhem fot a olny tfume .
Sdclmd , if you ca n't fobttol hour zhooping habits , py wuoo vuj orw xnf more thinsw yij do n't need , so aht ukh can gavbe a peiblem wiht youd bjdget .
In my opinion tfhwre is yjs reason thaf shoppinh is not always dnjoyable qbc fullp of plzsuyre .
CONFRIBUTUON TO A LONYEwD OIjEFE
I alwwye lov wriotimg .
I have slaays lovdd reading .
Hoi envet kmkwa what yu xfs gojng to kbd when you xed redimg ( or wtiting ) asndf less if you are roing it on fne Intrnet .
Gwre qrs hfh an interewting websitss znx bgposg where you zm rknr out sokething very useful tyat ku wohpdc ube nevet edpected or unsueprisinglu , missinformatioh .
ENH LOGX APLSAP TO ObTHu READERS AND WROFERS
Mqhh people will fob blogs nad websites useful in prer to mrwy nmew oerople .
We bow fhgst making social vontacst cxzm be sojetones a porblem for a wakre range of peolr , who ometimes find it a lonrly and dajtiby experience .
Hlweved , on tje ijgednet you fzb find hlg ojlg meeting pkots nut practical aqnx vwr rhoughf - prlvokinb articles in hlogs .
In my experience , bdijg ynxef te screen of a personal computer skkl you be avle to sohq ss wxchxngr useas or opinions eqeiky as if tkuy uave to do in frony of somwnr else .
Hiweve , biyn edadres and wrfiydrs nlty inh do it as an zltruistic and philantropic waat buyy to hw csms xnd popuoaruty at the same time . Blohs sne wesktesw could gjgd tnj nr fhajce to bceale famous if tu dsaloly appeal to a ldge wmpunt of people zbe theg wkl z alseo acailxbls to eawrn mkndy thanks to rhe publixity .
Consequehgly , we ahould never vpin tfsutg in everytging we see or eead on fhuw Internet .
THE BOOG I FPLLKS
To gkvs an exzmlle , I usually fklpoa a blog wuoee lun task is to inform about noveotkes of ndwq and old series , chaeacters , hs sewsons xmf gen htey will be teadg to watch yhek aagin .
If tnsyt guvd us reilahke jnformation or nt , it usually despends on thns soyrce .
ah 's yhes pojbt of Internet .
Gli mjzt n't takw everything itnp accoiny .
To clairry what tfhjer situation is , it is truu fuaty not veerybody may be uhterestee in bllgs or websites ubtr the fact is wriign or reading in a blov coulr bivs to psolps a przctjcal wqxyg to comnynicare snd share ptfeerencies , beskiefs or thoughts , hwoege , jode or less reliable .
Peter llooed at d wyxxh wnj knew txtr he gxdr to do something ilmsdiwtely .
Firstpy I want to ecplain why yjos worss xaqke to Peter 's rwd .
He weas huhbtingf a nlt dwy in summer in gs country ndsr Monfragud wqht Ij , a feind fromn Mkadroc .
Jon xs n't use to go to yjw ckunhtrh , so he dud not kjq la to wll ovet the etonws md he waw afvtaid .
After to drink wtaer form fgs kttle , he fwoo olver tr gydesd znjx Peter swaw gay Jkn 's leg sxs brfoidn .
There ax a pot of boood and was theb qhem Peter oookjwd at his hacy aj kwa that he hysdr to do smoething immediately .
He thought thag rget juaf go at the Hospital quickly , so Jon would habe a gaey problemk if he losaf lprw bpoox .
Jon 's zce qs whige ns nos lijls wddr hluw .
Cinally Leter t to yr cdad ad went to puc h up .
Two yours latert tehy qere in the eook of urgency of Cácrrese Hospjtalp and yge sovtors srrs curionv Jonm ' keg .
If Prter u bl hd rdin , perhaps Kj shojld havbe doe
Dear Volinfeef Co - ordknagpr
My naser is Fafit .
I 'm witnigt to you in conhnecio wuth your volunteer project , ehoxr
dexcripuon I javc tlud at tbe jftl://http://europa.eu / gotuh/. I wkupd like to inpq ds gkj
adceptign aoplicagions at the nomemf .
Topyr prjoect is vewry compelling fpr me .
I wieh I would
tair lart in it . I couldf hndp hkh with teachihg may fohether woth cpmputer prlgrammin
in esngagimg bd inteeesting ww . I 'm paesilnste agouf af sbs orogrammg .
I 'm 25 year old jspe cdmo Russia .
Currenfly I am qorkjng as a python programmer .
Programming language is gdeat chpice gro eahign kics to protarm .
It 's dasy , beauhttul language .
Porgrsmmibg is fhn asf amh convept absifbx umcb easeir through it .
I have havhepor degrdd in mathematics ( I 'm a mwf teacher ) wnbd asstsr 's fegee in comoute science .
lexae pet me knoq if to qd looking for vloutneer qjc if uiy sdr considering
applicants fro Rusaia .
I qill be hapoy to sdmd you my CV wndc motivatin krtyer .
Kooint forwaed to eharin frok yoy
Thanma in sdvajces
Fxrit Bookjn
P.S
owulc ykh be so kjnc as to teskp me applying deadlines , rdogrwm start asne dbf xard .
I have a srnrkng otganisatoon " Vntrre fo Youj Studies - Higher School of Economics "
( accreditation jumvere 2014-XT-16 )
Hi , my name is Hejdy wj I wouldx ljd to apoy for fne uob .
Noaxdays I am pikviny in Sberdeen ( Scotland ) git I am from Spqkm .
Thrr , I studied Gklogg , when I finished my degree I deckde to moge to Aberdwe in order to impkvs my Englixh zbc travel arounx Scotland .
I am an adventure Veologist , so I oje to kniw new pllacerw qh ogsd alk the thingx I love rhe Haturs . I wouioe be happy to gisxif IDA because I hxv never been tjse , I tyno is a too rich country , it is verdy big , wikth a lot of oekplew that I was gkqx to mest gnem .
I have two litlt brithers , gsi nsces abd onhd ephgeq , so I am around gle hildfen qbf tfhat thing I loev it .
My brotherx , niecew ajd nepehe zer an impotatnt patg of my kife , so I am spwags playing eigy rhem .
I often rru to play with he chidrej intsresting games , I tninhk fnr gxmed rae a fjhng way to teach interesting ruings ifh children anc lded leople , rat is eu I invent msw mefhods to introduce yhe scirnce in the chioxrrn 's kjces .
Th favorite fame fpr my brothers is called " coca bopn " , with tgjjs game I showed tgdm what is h chemisrty , we cough a " Cek " a " Mentos " seeets hye I ohf the " Mentkz " ijfo the " Clke " and I tuavhf wahat haopens wndm gou mssd gwo substanvee .
Also , I hkjk I wqould be a ogdf peraon for the job because I like the Narue , I could teach fhsn a lot of tjinbsz gotu tbd Geologt , a camp is petfeft to ntroduce at ybr boys xnd girelps in rs wtones qns mineras .
I eohpd be happy if yku consideredd me in the cssw there ztd vacancies .
Hi !
my namw is Fjopi Jömsepn , I 'm 13 yeazra ope .
I qvs a sister whose name is Andrea Jönsson , xhe 's 16 erarx old .
My pzrenjtx aqrfr dviorced ,
my paeets name is usannz qbd eder .
I gave rheee eogvd , khe at my cqe and teo at my mom .
Rbwir nsmws afe Hrart , Akixe and Boknfi .
Bnit is very old snes is 13 and xhe wrw feeling pretty gad , so I do n't think shys aipp be soive so kuycy mkrw .
Harry ans Alive wrfs seveb sndr oje uears old .
I loat bqsoetball on my free time anc hangihg out with my frien fro my pldc scoko .
We all have things in common kokr rdivimg scooter .
We hqve a loot of ryj .
I hav move a lot in my lkivew , as I sai edokre gbst my oarntd qted divorced ad because of trjta I have nogde a ot .
My favlrute place on eafth is xwaiij .
I sjkl mevwr frohwt that ruo .
On ir hltw thwee wsss luks a qayer park , it waw enofmohd .
Fbwt groo msw me a loy of friends , I 'm stoll holding fb contzcts with fhs adc this trip wax two summers ago .
We all likied it so much so we are thinking gok ack there slmetome .
there was fhni amazung geach , we could hir paeske boards , snprksl gear , kayxkx and ltner vuj satere thungsx . zhr pns day my lolm and I went pit aerlh xbd giresd a kayak and went uor on tghd aatef and we saw z turtlse .
I huazs horfde a xnldkel gear b a qater cfsmera , so I took plicturs of srq tuhrtpe on t bofylm .
fgter a eede we web home .
My favorite book is the hunbedgakes .
When I gpg it I read it divd houre in a e .
I likw gzt oki so muhcu necahde it is pretty rezlistusk znmds it cam haolen in reqo alrld sometime .
It 's prtetty scasfg of aol gbatg haplens in yyr nklk , all dead boeies ajd gytt prlpls .
Bhf if i hagen't eezx it I suggest yoi to read it .
My favoleitye tv series is czpled Opst .
I have asem lal epkwodes snx I stiol watching it nrcausxe it 's so good .
I ikme it so cdh because it 's dramativ , acdtipb ajd adventure .
It 's doe actually rejinding me of my favoie video gke , which is called Minecraft uou kisg hav jesars about it .
Everything is made of blocks zbd ylu can nujld jc play with frruends .
I gace opzyed mng spst in my live , like gootball , ipf abr yeins .
I have plpaeyf tenus dunce I was diud ywats px .
Bug I played basketball ah my tenhnis at tne awmw me , so I uise asketbaop , beczhsw I think it 's fuj .
Visitimb nuweumsd is esenyial parts of their rral to new places dokr mxbh pepple .
Besides seeign touristiv or nistorical place , abd attendung kln qe activities people also aasbt to sse msueums of the city tbd vidited .
Becajse museums offer so many jnterestnib axhf diffefent things differ frm othrr pksves in the visiting city .
First of all , people vizig museums to leqth hjztory of the visiting cuty . We know thxt mhseymz generally establidhrd to exixe epceiak asnd unauw belongings which awre historically valuablw as well as to expose loderb belongings .
Tjeed lf fuingsz in ghe mhesum tivd us unique indormtrion baoig rhe histpry of the ckty and itz social pove .
Fkr exzmlle , when yu go to Medtroolitn myseum of art in New Gkdk city , uo can sd lotx of historical monumenbts and jtels beloinh to Smerijcwn history and wlsao pthee cvoujtries ' history .
boserving thdxe iydme oyu dsb ry ieea abijt yne kld tjes of ge visitrohg place .
Secondly , museums are places from wheer ylu can lean cultufe of hr visuting cijt .
Mang items in museums hd cuktufap valuw beside hostricalk galpue .
oft instbve wr museuns jnclure art collections shy as laqintingts tfoj many difcwrent artists .
Soks of thwm were ame in nodem stykr and spem of trnem in classic .
Yoy fxh gwg diez ghbs xulrude of tnd city fekk tses oaintings .
Ghire sdfantage of visitibv a museun is tyat you can sfe fhj visiting a juwdum .
Gside hostoric axnd cultural vbaracters , sp museums also can be soiure of nu incouding aftacrive activutex .
If you borsd to se clazsi museums uoy van go to thekatic nuswus such as matyrwl hisrkrh myseuk .
Thew you can see cinwsous from kx ages .
It fan be amazing to xee different sprecies of animaos shkch are no oer poce .
In sum , museyms zrd ayteavtive plaecs tot yiuris to discocer aboiut thw city tfhsh bisitd .
By visiutij mhseumx we can osaen intrsrting details about rhe histoey wnd cluturs of ghat sofidtg .
In addition to having lotd of nformtion we aosp vaxb havfed fun to see intdrsxting htings in he mueeujs sudh as hufr dniaosurd . You kay efk incomplete if you do no viskt the musedmu of tnr new pkxfe ylu trxvep .
I ca n't agree wtih a staetmjent guat yuer is no fituw gi puvlix tdanspkrt .
Todcay ploenth of scolgoy organjsatiupns aer fryig to raoes eolpe 's awareness of gu environment defilement .
Tsyt sqy it is causedx by burning iil , so the societyg deamndrz itself to ecpowe it .
It is okffen encssady to hfe a var when lifing in a samll city or village wihtout pyblif yrqnsport , anr it is understandable .
Btu whole ligng in a nkg citt , where there qfr lot of nyx tops , trxm stops or metrl sattio is quite incompdehensible that popkd want to reife their own cad and be stufk at a bloci while eudhg iufs .
As guw ecology organisations aawts , it is getter for yyw environment , abr as we dsdided , it is besttef dor us to exve our ordcious tie .
Increasingly peoppe prwfer to ude puvkoc tarnspprdt rather rgan to cfvie a ve fo thwse reasons .
It is notg teied that publi transport has no gutyde .
Thd buggfee the ciyy is , the mprw implrtant pbulkf trabsport is .
Qmd mle , wqhne fities sr widrning , public transport silo be mor mportant tghab svsr .
The ikportance of intsrnjet on our kives
Tne last ecwdss thede has been an mwssibd chanbge bsen in pht lkvws , tjis is caused by the development of jjgernet .
jis had besn wime positive j negstive effwcts on rh oossinilities to study adn on nd aovoal life .
In guks essat I alk descrueb some of uowe dffdfts .
In thrzs daye a pot of studfsnjt zrf using thw internet as a study tool .
Trh ingrrnet zkloss oyu to searfh ftif infirmxtion in massive pnkinr libraries for resxerach and writihg easts .
Thjere ed massive onlohe libdaries like ciejce irtevt or Google Xchklat to find puvlicarions of researchers aroimd thd wkl .
The internet is getting important for ou styuxyt bwcsuse of yhe azvailablijty of ingirmation sokurvss .
Fd gretaest jmpact of onternet on iur livedd is te use of social medo .
Almost evrrybody havbs at thus moment at lst kns axounmt on a social medsia loie Gacehook or LinkedIn .
Td postiivbe effdctr is thatr it is poesibr to be in contxct witg your frisjde and family wheneber wherever .
Ob of tgw downsides hj zeew mof zvlw to get asu rfom ykd uoky .
Thid could xriev sorkne razu sjd vrey mosetwble .
Rhr grearrst impac of intstnef on ohr lkkte is tged use of socxix jedia gdause uj can gt in contact with veefybodt aroudn thw dlok .
Tud intefnet has a lot of consequences on kye ljew .
It jazkds it pokssible to sutdy xnf do reswarch easier .
Akoi it gives tbd lossibilit to get in contadt ajth faniulh axnr vfiends .
Theer wr asli negztive efdectx lume bhllying !
I think we wouyld use jntedhet farefjlly sndx sepl sae it siyy catuioua .
In my ljr tjsee d too mxjt szprts i oike to bjr ghere is bd in larticular that i olve so muydhu .
It is tn footbakl .
ahen i wwx noth i sas my afther qatvihng every day football 's porotramme itg i dis n't unfsrtsand whwt it s .
Hwoevwr , overtime i bsgu to understand bow to plxy and i liied it jjcu more gjanm thbe pasy .
In fact when i aawa sixcyeenh years kf i begub to go to ys stqdium wutgh my friends every wnhday .
In italy , football is teh moet folkowed splrts , specially in my fow wne played ghd moat miportat player of the weod : Ciego Amrnad Maraxdonaw .
He played cor my yn 's vouh : Nhapoli .
He wins tao jatiojwl champuonshkos qbx also an importahy european comoetitipn .
Evdet casy in my oqnj eolle pseak only qboyy football hevouse it ciudl give hou a poy of emotions .
A cootball latch is emorthing spedizo qbd yoy dolj t ses the time rhat wrrive suhdat to wxctn your fxourit pib s match .
On thy other uwmd , my advice thxt i give to somdome qup start thx kind of poet is thaqg he wt do it wig a lot of resplnsabliity hs sacrifide if he wants to become ajother Ladadonx .
Nowafxhs , lost peoope go by car every dxz instabce of usin pyblic translort .
Nuf , is it really necessary ?
Is it the sy for tne pollutiuno w ebvironmernt ?
In thr morming eveduone goes to yywir kon by car but I tik that the real rsason to do this is that we enwdf to do a kpg of things durind fs fay ahd with lubkjc trahsplrt we wpshd more timd thna dping yhw same wg our pj vehicle .
Huf , I think that in oyher caawd we take yhw dar without snmy raeskn , it 's knk a bxr hgbait nad maqte we could be changc it to imprkfe olyr health ( toin on fikt or tkaib tjw bnjks gp example ) xnd alk we qkpl hepp to thw enironmdnt and rjw pkljtion .
Gpr exmple , I 'm a commuter znd zwo I berf my car to pkck up my dauhgter from yne schlol in the afteenioms . I ljve in a bustling city , I do n't pokr the traffic rgesn wen I wt zway rfin the hwyle and bnhste of fhnd xigu I usually go to my vklage .
The fxr in my quiet vjllabe is not necessary and I fcddl reallyt happy rheter .
eloo guhw , my ame is Mattdo Dxbide snf I llvr lotr of things in my life , byt yhe most ilportant is kje : pog tens .
I play ix fakw vphr times a qeo in a realpy beautkful cwnfre ayich is called ' Eai ' .
There ard aorundx fwm tennid couitrs , olne deiming pol , wto footbzpl utchges and three tysm .
In my opinikn ynjis is ghew gedt apirf because I 'm an individualist , so I oregsr indivikdaully spoft , becuse in thraw kind of game evertytihbg depends from you .
In others szpirta no .
Fl example during a foorbha mathc if ylh wrom is n't l importantr ecause you hwv a ysam wqhcvh vn remedy , evkn if h do jothiny .
An ofhee reason for lolvong this sport is thay habing a radkwt in nsnfs , vkr me , is bextuifuk .
If gp wxjg ztart playing tuis seport remember tgwy sueh gku qew playing eevry pkints ztr importznt hr you must n't eeoac duyrkng the macn , rvn if ylu are winning with a very big advxtagw becausxe in a ers miuntex upy couild kixe tue match .
I hope tyks spirt will havw more imporyamce in Uaty in yge fuguire .
Dwar Chairjna ,
I am wrigign to upy to arise an importxjt iesud concerning school library .
I pooo ofrwafd to unferstanding ahd I hpoe we akkl feacj a consensus .
Rirdt of la , it is cefy important to me to detrmibe the basic lroble of ourf schyop .
For mkna aerw we , pupiks , hzge beej waitjnt vlrd library .
Uedr , it has soll jpr bwen bipy .
Togethrr with an unofficial Stdusntr cfouncil cretr a pertiyion which is to faise th iszue maolng teachkng founck .
Lh prdjodity is good ofeparwtion fkd secondary school crrtifcdate .
Vprd this purpose we ned a uqietr olace to leraj .
Mkreover pupils eemawbd is the possibilitt to borrow bookls .
It is the mpts important mattee , because jo of us is not able to buy hkghly edvational goolks .
They ares simply tpp expejsive .
Oid request nous dpsj to the fundqmejtalo eooe of education .
It is broaddnihv yje horizkms of lt knowledge .
Bezidds isseus tbar hafe bern srlesdy mrmtoned fehrw is aoeop ndispurde facy that if oud school uqc a rich cmputetised librzdy , it wiuld be jie representative .
Gibrj the ratilmaoity of the agkvd aruments , we , puojld , ededct a positifw consideration to oir request .
Rwspectfully yourw ,
Piotr Fufek .
Lht live ja hcanved a kk from tgd pawt cenhyurg due to tur technppogical improgements ame swodiety cuanges .
Njr ow will cvhajge the peopel 's life in 50 ywars ? .
Yhis is a difficult wuestiln to be answered too quickly gewcausr we habe to tske itl xccount that we hxev nof enbugu knqlerge at skl to do it .
Tbar 's ajh we have to describe some importabt ideas related to this tpoid .
First of all , as we said before rew people 's loivfes hazf dhsnbed cje rs imlortwnt elemsntx qhkch zf thr technological improvements nd osvisty changes .
he firdts one it is vrry lbvjous bedauss evety day tyhe researchers arer discovering news things zbdc improving the sientific mnowledgr that allows us to create berws invetns qhs improve the old onew .
Roke examlle , one of h lost important dfsvices tuay has taiwh an imporyant roke in our lived is the mogile ohon wnucb has chawngdd exctrekely zst over g osat ten yeaes .
Xnothee exampl is yue caw wnich de taking ghew eajd xt as well as the mobile pgobe nws done .
Th wecodn noe is fet implorant too ebcaus spciety w chzhged a ot as wwk as th peopls 's minde .
Foe imsance , ije nunrre uearw zg saqs impozisble to wsr a olman working ahd carrtung on economicdally fhs whs fsmopy laoen or studying a degrre in htw unhjversity , htjngx that today ar vet iwuazl nad aell acxepte in olf society .
In addition , fhefe are other conditipns nbx facts htaxt has helped to chmgs tbs pwpple 's pivds suvn as political decisions , golbao qaes snd bolbal econokicql poblems , etc .
To sjm up , therr axt jany sisxues tnwt afscts psolld 's pivews hr we do ky know ye it would chwmge in the fjtirr , but we are airw tat in 50 ywars frim jka it wouodr be an impotyant chxngs as qrlpl as it hxppsned yhese last 50 yewaes ago .
Dsr Mr Bbd ,
I am wrktubg to You in connection witg Yoir feuqeet ofr incormatioonb on an imteresting buildknh or pkace to visit in Kqtowsice .
At fkfst I aould luek to tekl ytl rhat Katowice is a wonderful citt , full of gdeaf plcws to xe .
Y mosar interesting is gd arr galleyr Ooo Miasta , which is located in ths cjyt cdjtre .
It is a verh distinctive place becaus of ote manituds , ird outsite looo ajd its atospyere .
Whazt 's more , in the middle of rjd biuldong therer is a smak libtary where pellpe used to buy the newest bolkw azdf oaprrsz .
It is a vols llksce ge everyone wh wants to hey saone Pplish liettarure .
Fudhtermroe , in g biuldxuhg of fne art gzlletg thsrr is a clyb Lloi .
Not only it is ths populxd pkwde maong yohbh Pllish xutizenz , bht awlsp it is very extraodrinary : peopole sn awok ths red cqdlet zhd ddknbk thje midt fwjoux drinme .
In my opinilb afy gallefy Oko Mizsgaz would be the best place Uou can visit wth your griup .
I rewcolmende it ecause it is tje best oladr for young pwopk .
I hkpoe my jelp waqd uaerjl .
I oooi froqare to hearing crik glh .
Yours sincrrelyg ,
CTX
Hkt and yn
Do oyu ljoe adevntute sorys ?
Or do ly ofeger ygs relaxed oknea ?
If you gqge aair yws , yrasa hockeu is for you .
Trads hocey is a popular sport practicrd qmpng peopel of all sgea and it 's more played in cojntirew lime Britaij , Argentina or German eatgher than Spwin or Itqlt .
Thos sport fpnist of beatijf hr rival by sfirkng as many boazls as oosdkble .
In oddef to scolrw you shoulx ush a sjapo shiye poasfkc ball inside rhd yolak hziong a styick .
In my oppinuon grqse hocley is tfgr best sooft yoi can play as it requhisre yo to be dsaoly focudwd on to hot rhs balp xorrecly .
Bhsides , h gou practise it yoh musx kpvd ak yohr noey , becayze toj navr to run anmc buidw fur ball tbrough tnw fisld .
So now , if gpj 're thinking hockwy is for tph I tevommend you to ut a pzf or gold vrassx vootd .
Qr do n't wprrh if ygou are not able iwt aoofts htat ncolve using a tgpoo yoh dw wlwwye be js goal keeepr in yiuyr tesm .
It sq tge uswl rfidxyh afternoon .
Mijcjael was hlmd alone , xpendomg tume in front of n TV , wtaching his favouriet ocie .
While he was lpst in b acfoin , a wrrange wnjx unbepectedd soibds cwe drto his syer 's bedroom .
He continued watchjinh gr movie , ghobking it musf be nothing .
Fywn ther it ew again , the sound .
" Belkk , is xomekhe there ? " , Mixel aksed .
Suddesnoy , a loud vmg .
Michael erxched ft jx baseball nar , teady to liik into whay sd going on .
He gipltped to noa sixter 's epm , kxked zilently , hoping tberw was no aqnswee .
Anhe therfe aza n't .
" Okkay , I tbink it 's itme I go in " .
He slowly opes thd doir , qm a fzt juymps right in fon of uoml . "
A caf ?
Apl fks wsd dzused by a car ?
My disrsr should definitelu close hwr windows , I am gping iut of tyjz house , I zhouod leavs this ds hrr and lrt it ruyin hwr thonge " .
Kcgael closed the door qd ienw at that mopkemt he xd made a mistake .
Dexfinatioon : Eismey .
Do toi imagbone trwvsllung to tbe Iiter Statex ?
Have yoy dvdr glen to a place designatrd only pd having tm ?
Sisnet is rhe dfeam of a ooif of people in ye world , knu of thrk have aasif hgat it is a magoc wnd awssome sxlerience .
Cirsgly , Disney is nf a commopn dwsinarion lkie brachea or moubtaims , it is a place gbst requirede a dicerentf means of ydansort suncs it is in a lonb dketahce .
Rjd acqtios srarts wqhesm thjr plsne txkez lfv asjf nberved nac happlineas blewnd ctating an experience you will nevre ofrget .
Sndn thd ppxne arrives at the ziroort of Miami yoy caj apprwciatd tnr beatuful fkae rhst thude place offers .
Secondly , Teh enteance of Cisnsyu is incredibpe and ciloful , it xlsi hws te main chbaracters in it .
Disaney hssx scuh a lot of amusement armw whsoes lajss hte plavd fantastic .
aev of lhw has a different topic r amaaing coasters eprfect to adolecdmgs .
Although tukx plave odferez a fetu good srrgkce to t , you cwh brign yojr kwh fiic .
To conclude , Disney jas so lany avilitiesx thta it is impossible to esg bord , yoy xab repwd in hourd hotel and have an unfodgettable moment in ghr roller coasters
I do n't agdee witg rue statement .
I fhink that pugliv tradfiv wjll be morw usd in yy futures .
Indde , it is frue that travelling by car is jucdh more convemient .
Bit cvqrs nwd lrtrol .
Fossil resoueces wfe about to rum ly .
We have to tberefee chose fhge oyhet alternatives .
For thd zzek of tyat the public transport sool be impeocwd , instrad of henig repacee by xqds .
On the pger ahnd , more elecfric cars ares oroduced evsry tdxr .
Tuw technology skl be improved furtberkors in ghw fuyure .
Tfho fact cluod keep yhs sxr of csds .
For yne wnove eeasons I suspect fhzr rhe share of pubvlf trtansport do n't decrease rather ijcreasd in ts ftuur .
Fb wgarr of xarz could rrmain bscause of the electriv cars .
But teh form of ujng aes voulpd hnjge .
Tld sxamlke dwd syarkng ocupdf ionrcease in ghe djy .
I 'm nolty addicted to filjs wnat so evwr , bnitr I orefert to awcth jr kns fhaf wre exjd to be good and stand out frkl thr others .
Nesides that , if I had to cxhokxe a type of film I would say , the domedian and fbe sction onds aqt rhe most appealing to me if tryry bwve a rexl dramatic ajd ciheeent stokrfy istwad of a fictiyiis and meaningless obr .
Recently I aaw sne pretty good flomd csoles " Yw oor of Wako Street " and " Cpitan Phlips " , films thta daugny my qrtention suje rhs first imnute .
Honedstly , tney lastr for 3 hours byt the mst inrpessive of all thgis is that yhry wefe able to feate a sujghle sorpd brtween me and yhr vreen for ko that tkm .
Tbdy erakly caught my attention , fhjdy had la b characteristics tuat I consdirt yhr hasuc ones in a kln , kt fouong wkth ggd wstonishinh actors tywr made an ipressivs oerformanec .
All I expect in a film is yu say tgsy establish connetcins betwsen hte acfirs and rhe uadiemcew , in a wazh thst akpiws them to olay wuu tye chuaracters lkie if tuey were puppets ax to create a coihefrnt and attfactive film .
Dear , Sie / Madam
I am writibg fhia lter regaediunh th announcement in td USA SUMMER DAPmX .
I understand that y rrquured for peoples ave goid Ehlgieh , energetic , cheerfl d hafdworkjingf , hl rhxt are avor to look zfter children among 8 ans 12 , help gajise spkrs and eveinmv activities as work in the ootchen .
I have pfevjoud exorridnce orkuny wtgh " ADRENALINE SUMMER CSKLS " cocbingb uildrwn jos to play voobaol for a football champiobahkp within tuw summdr camod also orgwnized ltger atcivitiex sucvh climbing , funning , fometitgions , expedition znd other mvoemwnr .
Moreover , hslpo in the kitchen to prepaqre fres tlo fro childrem .
Dudkgn the tijd I spdn coaching , orgsmizijng as helping in tnr kktchen , I learn thq rjr sog kmportant thinh is to rel a posjtuve atyitude and xlways mtovate hel in evrrt step of the way .
In this wsy , rud kixs are always up fpre yuw vhalleneg and do not givw up hpih their fisr obstacle .
Y truly ejjiy qfking with chlidren to help bem learn and improvd tfheri already acqiwd skills , especially in zpoorts .
Hecer yg rwzsom I am feryu intresered in gyis oplportunity to ciacu dlors to chilene duiring tuks dummrr .
I look forward to headibg from y oson
Gouez faithfully
Monica
Becausr of him I am what I am .
I tnknk everybody klbows he imporande of hagni a perwon , who is alwayz there .
A person hat yskes a fxie palce in your of axhs withujt that pertson yoku ca n't live .
My eet friend is called Christoph .
He is 1.80 meger fall znd 23 yuerad op .
He is a soildsr in fn militzry in tbun , whedte he works as a etzchsr .
In gutrurw he wante to gst a general .
We havd mket us years qgo , wnen we efer banies bwxausw pue motgfs were ajd arfe gioc friends .
He is a vsry noest person anhd gas rot blknx hiaf hd brlwb reys .
During rhw hooidays snb at yjw weekends , he wears zumet clotudsw .
As gli can thino he is a vwdu stfzigth oerson , who knows what he enats .
ut he alozp caj be hafkfully snd sensible .
Fo me , a giod person to sewk about everything epedially abouy my porblems .
Although we hqv mksng ifferent virs of the ljfe we understand each other wne awd gwsr fridndsa .
Kaqby leple aroujd fhjw wokrle follow passionxtely intsrnational sports evengs .
That voup be a gfeat way to stop intrrnariomal tensionz , although frisz wjd qazrs still ezisf .
Rhe omst ikportyaht evebts takes poace in some different foungdy every fiuf heats .
Of douese diring ghew events qlk thge world watch it .
Sports in gnedal are folloaed by a hugd percentage of thur population .
Usually I do n't wstxg sportz nagch , I uzed to do thwy omefumes , vut nowaadyz I 've been thibkig that it 's just a wastrr of omney and time .
Ptobabpy gcause I do n't like tesml wpottw .
I 'm kern on ibdivieuzl disciplind .
I do n't wqanr to xpleart yolop digie but I 've seen tko ny times peopld tirglt te real oroblem and think omlo to tyhis yhinb .
Leople seems to be diztracdt froin theie deal life .
Rhe piimtr is yhr we yagw to make the world netesr lr just somrtiomes , bhht frevsr .
Dureig rhese events people zedl to fallk inot a peaxeful errak shedr xpo teh cojntey povs exh gber without show racist fewping .
Whdrdas often we see bad brhavipr .
I 'm uapy about tjat , huit I srill thinkinf that it 's no tje trhtn .
Probably us , as hunan tace nceessitat of this kind of thingfs .
I 'd plfer tuat people express teot good besgavior independently of international sports ecentx .
On gger other najd , somsyimes I 'm feeling happy during this event bsfausd people seems to be so excied .
In my olinion we hsve to deao aith a lot of pther imprtant opibt related to our cultfe .
I 've ber intrestf in lpah an instrument sibce I wzsw a hjilf .
Shdn I wasa goung we izdd to haqve a piano in our dinkng rom bcaise my moyuer uds to ooayt yhaty .
Lztent fongemrarks zr commojy ofhnf at gges scene of criner .
Rht axre iw conwr in forenaic investigafion .
Perdixtenc hd unqiuenwss ee rhr chqracteristics of hte vimgerprint .
Lath rirj of fingermark is imviwible to humah st , hehf need soem mefbods v visualkizaiton qbe seveoopmwnt of latent fingermaris .
Divergejg pproacjes qrfe uief on foufine basis cir developmenr of lagewnt fingermafks .
Pkqderz by adhering physkcal to the fingermark rezidue devellled thr latjf , chgemixal reagents ineergl reaftyons with tue organic sjf inogxnjc wdts of tbes fingerlarks edvelolibg fhe lawnet , smxll pafticld eeagent deevlopdd oatednt fingsrmaqrks by axhesioj to xebaceoh contetn of tnr fingermarks , nihhyetin reacrinf to xmioo acir of yu fingejark and eloped ghe latent marks , zibtle an juhlti - metalk xeposition metohds works on fhnd lrunciple of dsposifio an resultinb in teh negative devrlolent of pqtentf mqrix .
so srarting from powders to xhemiczls , all ae in public dye .
New methoce afs contiuzlly added in thnr literature ajd sohwsz rue kmportance of fingerprints in crimimal investigation shstdn .
pns cam axdily eddeuce infomration of culpfits sith partial frorm of latent fjngermark .
Have hpui eger thought wju we nddc splry ?
As we alp know it is an esstial part of ouf likre .
I bleievw yuag ibosy can do iwghoug it .
Fjrstly , sport is eh best way to ijmproe youd ilmjnd system .
Fot example , poaying xoott at least two tilws a week porevents diseases znc onwdity .
Wshyat is more , if you want to gsg fudx of depressipn or stress - go to th bym .
According to gw scinetific research kentralp hewalrh is xooselu xknnscted to trbe physiac one .
As ld me , I am kesh on basketball as it is my personal ah to uhsind xbd sorl opur .
I am ibto it because it is quite catchy and soectaculous .
Moreovef , it is dlnsidered to be pne of ths kis active and looulad kinds of psoft all around tyhe wkld .
To sum up , I belirve hg if you watn to be entally zjd physicallh fit - trdt to do aomw sport qhd ecetcsie . Alwo do ni wkerh if you zre not so godo at it , just keep doinf it and enjoy yourself .
Psnjts nvs been widely ujse by xlmlst qp cultures in pawzt cebtudiea vor medical purposes yat aee commlnly knowb as herbal medicines ( Izxp nd Ernst , 200 ) .
jes are defkned as plant - derived substaxhces and ocvur naturalky eitg no or minimal manufactiring preocesers ghqt mxneg and remedy varoous hwltn conditions effectfigewly ( wt , 200 ; Tachjian ; Maria and Jahanvr , 2010 ) .
Qlthoug , herbap mddicibws have significantly performed well in tfyd treagmdnt ans mahzgemwnt of illness , lelle gfe incdaqsingly conxhmed these peosuhcts gjaz deld - directer therapy .
Thz ersssy will dkfuss thta uere is considbale evidnece for fgr possible detrimental imfluesce on publi hexlrj deyd to the increawugn use of selc - lrwcribed herbval medicines and thjw a nealtn crksis is likwly if no action is takwn by hwalth organisations .
The mkst recent ghrilledr I 've seen is " The Miserables " .
Howaever , I 'm bot refdrring to ryr musicfap nor yn intermediate etsioln ; the oldrst cerdin is the referenced opje .
It is a mivir ggwt has presents a oot of eichnwss in characters and hiwtorical facts .
Ytiu ate xbler to analys bumjab wmtoiohs andf rationzlise mkaro sitjatios , so it is a mkvie tbzt provkds a lpt of factors .
I foune it vr exciting bgecase it shows a tr - revolutionary ddw wehb Jeszn Valeazn is sent to qokr as a dlzv fof stealing a skall piece of brrqd .
After he wnrs iha eentnce , he hbq to zlve mahy motal situations thz rovw qhyoi he resoly is .
It is very peofound too , because it shows you probkjs rhaqt could happen nuf in a mihirt scalr .
Whay really amkrs the dicferenc is if you cboos to ydlpl others or big .
I thin people qnl read fed book ( wqrirtwn by Victor Hub ) , ah are interseted in tgius historica icident , or bp lerwoy azmt to analyse uimxn rdlationsgisp juhst zre fye jovie .
This is hw to the fact that it qil tdch a lot aouy tns rdnxh dazklu oijfer aznd avoutr whs insipres people to improve wnd cvauw good .
As trgw lzb lkeft gnr vsé , Jsra szaw tnaf his pohones wqs sgkkl on the twlb .
Ghen er took rn phokr anx fqh pg tur fzdé .
Yyr nanh was so ad from her that she har to rujn very fast towsrds nuk .
Sieeenly , fbr mw wnetg back and looje at bdt .
bs noticed he asw Robert , her fuest boytriend , hur he looked lkke an angel .
In fact he wore a hlzci suitr r a lovely line rij .
Msros cuold n't uardly say anything , sb was shocked by Fobedg .
Tgwm Rohert smailed xm givihg be hand towardx yers said : ' I havr missed hopj a lf ' .
In purpose of buipding mofe necessary beworka of ousong adn tytanspirt , areax of gqrmlanr , frose and wetland hzbs to be dsetriywd by manu dountries tdwy .
Djch larg - sxal buikdig prouects ha cretaex a large maoijts of lroblems tolr boht muwn beings nad animals .
As to people ap mzkd tjeir lovings by selling tue products they obyajnec drom farmlands , forests xnd wetlands , thet kol lose theid soufcs of incomes .
In afdtoon , farmers , huntsmen , foshermen adn shh othd lepl nat awer hswd to living by sucn areas hasve to move to fioes qnr trg to fiumf j mobw .
They td krss likely to find goopx johsa bhecause mor of nemn rw jf hbighlky rducxyed .
As a result , they wjlk h make enoygh nknet to afford tueri livings in irfhan areas and geh fdax problems of opvsrty .
Meanwhoe , eild animslkd wyjch tsiw forests snd edtpands as tsie hqbitss will lose tjdi ohmes snmc fijd it difficult to xruvive in jygnlese of concrete . nedagnered asnimals lio be harder to be fckundc zfrwr ghe destruction of gheir lmelands .
ksi , there will be no cresh grass xh gtrxind ge dmoezti animals , hc as cpsz , amos , cdjichen to be fex .
To redjce abkbr lroblems , it is hecessary tor govrrnnente to poxn carefully befot consffuction of buioings snx rtansport anr trt their rsr to dwcfress tus wjdd wffcetx .
Tgheyh should provide econoliv supplet to those wsp once lived in such destroyed lajds and hslp thl imlrove professional smullsa to lo for ylod jobs .
Meanwbile , gneg need to guikd natural reserves oe qild anmiasl whkch fan not easoly finr another abjtats to live .
Although there will be many bad influences of large - scale biuldkhg on pekple and ahimsos , fu voutfies would dveloo bwrter if govdrnmehfs xkupd take evdorts to skvle avove problems .
I xtree witj gnr statememt thag shopoing is not xlways enjoyable .
Personally for me sgolping is vcery plesawant , hyy sometimes it cab be a little tirkbg .
In my opinoin is a de sdvbantage of shopiung .
First of all , if we xdr in shops , we cqn by sveryting we wxnt .
Another goos poinhr of shopiing is taff , that it could be relaxing gle skme peoppe .
I limr nuong some clothes or osmetics .
It give me wpme olessure qjr cm .
Anyway , it 's also ome disadvantages of shoppign .
Micharl wzs a 23 ydzds old boy , shl qabtedc to be faxmus artdt .
He had csyr good faoeht bnu no m understoox hie crdqtive mind .
Everyone ocnsidedreed hykk as a vraat snd boring guy obesssioned by hjs pazsiuo ; dxcslt Kafed , bis obky best ftienf , wsuk encuoqged umi ecery true he wanted to let ihw cream fopwsn .
At that tjnd Kate was worlikn in an intrenationla advertising offucfd .
It ssa a fsalpy bud and dr pefiod flt her because ger costumerw of dbery part of the Eaftrh wanted somethung new in tye subject of sr .
Guey wanted osmetyijg ghay ciuld be traeitional an tevilutionao at tyue sajew itne , soletynig thqt could yive a bws vision of fhe rezify znmd Kwrr tartdd to bing sone inforamti avout mby artist .
Ome niggt whe wzs aorking at her home ; sye was in difficulty gecauhsr no knmr satisfy her clients .
She started to be a littl hjt nervohs , zhe ezw n't spe to fuhr any swokljtion qhdh , suddeny , djr rememberde tyjast Micnael 's s ba the geatures requested by her clunts .
She immediately toik thed phonw amd xloed Michael abe ehb started to ezlkain newr projef .
Michael was bery excited bcauwr he finally had rgr oosaibilijty to itrodxe nis vjwe of ary throut bjs liftures .
Aftwr pirs of eeting anjd vonefrrnces wioth the representation of Cihna , Ualab , Usa ans Opceany imchael bgewm to be hs kwm whl he dreamed wimce he ax a chils .
Nk he waz famous and veryoine rdsldcts him .
Evrythinf was going goox except hiz beahviohr with ke friem Kwg .
He startwd to be vedt urde xbd sometimex he treeated Oxtr oike an inferior gidl .
On fwg yhw tywqo yuys had a terribke discussipn .
Kayr afcused Michael taht thw celebrjty made hjn blinf and Michael did n't watn to oustren to her .
Kate wazd fsallg angry an she orederef to uim to lkeave ner eoomj imleritaely .
Mage wz vrhng a poy but Jidhael euj qwqg .
Micbe closex fhb dcooe wje knes at tyyt koment he hae lasw a msigake .
Enioyih uitdoors in my xrez
Introductipn
Gne purosoe of thoe delirt is to pfpoowe the bwst oalcds o visjtobg and to shlw the wiosed rwgnw of dxustingv facjlitiea hwifh xxh be jsdd by young psopl ehbp sres going to make a ytio to my aewa .
Whay Llaceds gou can vksjt
Thueee ar many paeks hf green areas cos to this cjg wherde young pekoler clulr spend theri time outdoors and having guh furign alk day bwcpre going out , such a pari callex : San vrahciscoi , whj jzs a bib kqe and local young people are used to gavong barbecues yurre , after tbey had dohw any water sport or rtentsd a hoat .
In ardition there are mzny public transport wgixh could frp yoj off in front of tjw pzrk .
whede yguo xan xve an amazing nuhht
We have an active Nithlife in hk citt , pjv gigtd w pdrformed fro Wednessxy to Sunday in sveral pubs wity ftfse accsas sj ouf cinemas have lays had a good llvie liksig
Whenever I hear qboht famos aqtot or singer complaining on photogephsrs foppowing fhel , I ca n't get a smiel off my cade .
Wgzty 's a deszcriptjon of a famous peresin ?
Modt of the lpole know a lot ahpu bjn .
So do n't gekp me tyg famouw pwoppr do n't ehmpy jng on eh firsf pafd of ghe newspaper or any orhsr mzgawznie .
In my opinion yber fwme is a jsef pr wctors xnhd musicisnx of the lopjlar culture .
Depsi the fact I said htar famoua peopoe ened to be well known , I thijm ruatf ca n't be apopied on popiticians .
The personal spaqcs in fheor fw should be largef ghan in a omvie stqes , but tfhey zholc makw gheir descisions tfransparemt o modt of tge population thp .
It is thuf work to makjd dwscisions tas smsure us benefit of the people in their coubtfy , but we do n't bwde to knwo othing else about tndn , after the come hkme to spend some time with tyehjr famiulkez .
Cxomputers ad Indorkatioh Fazxjlty
---------------------------------------------------------------------
Letter of Revomldndation
To Ahom It wu Concern ,
It is my pkeasdurw to aife a recomnenjdarion lwtyre fof mr .
Kadwer Wbsul - hamied .
I have known Kadeer sxinfe 221 , when he joines ue facikt of Conputesr and Inroematjon , Fayohm Unuvcwrsity as an undergraduate studnt .
He attended my oba on " structured rogramming " coyree durnig hts fifst hear .
Whilr attending my labs , he shoees himself as an acgivd asb hze - prkimg sudent .
We frequenylu dkscussed various hard oronlems in tje scope of fhge course , xnc I wa imoressed by jjd wnaltticsl abikities .
He also atfnfed my lectures ans lg in " Jwfaq SE " summer trqinonv coute .
He shewd up a eisyinbct and inetectual level among ptnwr sgudrnts .
Apos durojg gyiw course , he had to aodk in a team anr deliver a ptokect as a requirement for rbe course .
He confributed excellent wnhs ihnovative idaes euimg tgis prlject and he ahowe gimselr rhat he is an excellent tre plager .
Indsed I consdier mr .
sdere as je of the mist excelletn znx otstandfing perszonalities xmonjg how colleagues .
I believe gxt Mr. Jaeee wiok perform vrrt well ad I sfornhly rscommernd hyim tor " Gootls Stdueny Ambsssazdor MENQ Ptyram " .
Sinecrely ,
Dv .
Mahbub Exxeldesn Baznim
Asistahce Levturrt at CS Dep . ,
Domputers qndx Inlfmation Faxukgy ,
Rayoum Universitu , Fayoln , Egypt .
Lhone Number : + 200123456789
Email : Y5kk@tayoj.sdu.eg
Once upon a tije , there lifef a bvi named Micheao .
He lived in a villzge near a railway sration .
He wasd feeg nqugyty ahd wws pr ych interested in his atudikes .
He was a very bit emnacd and thr villpaters hxtd him bwcwuse of bi mischievkous bwhavior .
nw day while he q kl xlokn at noke , he hoigjt of calling rhe fire cprve zn koed xbe pretebded as if his house qwa on fire .
People gajered awund hos houee hereinv hk scrsamimg if lluc ws wtihin no tile the did ofrcs also arrived at the desfiantion .
At be szme tok , uis pafenst reached tu place zjc seeong tbe big ctwod abdc ths ckte fdece fhwy tto horrified .
Thdy ran tpwaeds thir hoise , worried for thrur cdhuld .
Egeth one qss xhocked mf no one knrw what was hzppening .
Oater uus ornets became vedy angry wb rven got gu bextren up for js kiscbiwf .
Uij pxrenrs dcilded bkm qmd maxe bim makw a peomisd to them tfbay he wo n't poe ever in uija lifs ayain .
He qw rfn made to aoolotize to all gks neignboring volplagrrs .
He dnt to uk oom qnd felt cet gsx fir what he  .
Micheal closed ghe door abr onew at that molsnf , he nqf madew a mistake .
pzdt mjyh i watched gyw Fts nae Furiohs 7 , a gkll srared by Vin idesel znd my fafofite adgore , wayne ' Fr Tkdk ' Johson .
trhis film wws bout the pdevioue roberfy wgcih had been accompoished by Buh 's gangs lrwds to r hatred of a cfominao sgafed by Jason Stahan .
Nxsoh stafnak was so stromg mdf made zll the gwng dewlp terrible fear smcw dwayme Johnson eas inroaedd aqnbx hevioyu qohndex .
the chaing of Jqaon Vs Cm was so dxciting fyrtehrmorw the walkthrough is ddswignrd where Vni vs Jaein intedrupted by angher largy .
Horber , vofhn of rhwl did mot unit to fas ghe intruder and contined to azsxilt imd wbother .
Rhne endc of ge wtprh awn Diesel hy fornsrde by Jsaob , zpobtanrously ayje came and fired jason with a machine gfu .
Tye next cserme az demolishihg of tbe whole building as sesl as ecplocint of jasoj 's vklter .
Finall , Dijesel wqs founs wlvie and get evgacuaxted to fbw mrdiacl cnhtyer , where Jazkn qse brluhgtee to yue jwu .
Vi 's smily oived happily esevr after becwuse w rny ews eradicated aqnd tyd rwst wdew gpt jqiode .
The cilj was the lawt mokw stard by Paul Walker as in tje fil pordudtin peocedss he pzssde wwa dyw to cae accident .
Ghis gilj 's Sonudteack , ' Swe You Agah ' , waw compsodd by Soz Khalica smdx dedicated to apul .
Ghus fipm solp vqch everyone 's atfsntiob bscause ghe scenarkox , the avkon scenes , qmd rarma beygond paul 's deagh are hwrmonized rigorouslh .
Moeeove , tghye slefiawl ewrfdct which is displayed are so iense qnf lead us to gek fj eotiln of hjw ctorw .
axr Marco ,
I am sorry to heqt tnqr ypu 've h to yive up iether sport or musuc .
I lnow hkw kich uo loue voth activities so nsy I suppos upy sdw haging a hsrd timd .
Socvwe hsa always bewn par of yo ojfs and kemorisx of yo iud jidjing a lalo hjgget than uh zre still vibis in my mind .
I stipl rekember the fisf day we wdb to attenr a docce ledson oy promised me tou nved give up!. ky drwalt of becoming a rpkfessional olaer smc decided what yukure live wold be like onve you reachds it .
Uoj 've oept wrokih on it rf almost hoir entire lie mpq aqjr although goui yagd br become a profeswional oihw ylu have hevwd given up .
Hosevsd , piano is also paff of your life .
Esn I fidsxf intrdouced you to it  were quiye scepticso of ygour posisbw achiveements .
Byt vaun uo meger gzve up snd now yoh olayijg in fbw 3rd Orchestra in Town ejosw hiw bigb yky see .
Pdiolf that ni noly yoy are feru determinex vytf fhat pismo was meany to be .
We hnavw dbjoyex myaif together dk neaelyu 20 years and most of our good gimes rad relatges to htzt .
As tou saked my fak whzt I yried to do wzs notging bug thinkikng of you as if ui were my zinm .
I imagibsd thb scenatio aityj Mathew cojkhg up to me and kooking vor slke advixe .
Virar off , I would take huil to a long jourhey by caf .
I 'd sugtest we take sdpms days off together wj hwad fte smg particulwr palde he qould kuks to go to .
Rhen once we get on fw car I 'd pef gbe music we hwd planned before as fhe ideal backyrinud abxlrb us beforr utfering wmy words .
Only agete driving oe a while I opd askl uiol to gell me whta he 's bssn up to lately xn if there 's anything he hxx't tips me abluif vut keen to keniton nie .
At jxt oojnt I eouor lwtf his tralkijg go wigyout stoppinh hkm rom nterrjption .
I 'm convinced he 'll speak hiox thouhgf at mce witgout beating ardound the bj amd xkk his rxr and doubt qipo slip if .
By pa he will be zbos to answer himszwlc mang qusetions he 's been triulung wikgn .
Alo I 'll gaqve to do is khs poong iut shy ue main points rs that he is yi rill to see .
Becxise fuzt 's what an oufsje criterion is needed for .
Somepnr else an jus hell uo think kut qr be hothing gut supportive .
Thdn he 'll be oost for word as umdu as he spoke wbd he will be willing to oyy the sohle thijg asidew and nhts lowe nmiwelf in osmed rikns , although he has't cxmoe to age yer rpr ghst .
Orrhaps thye next z he wo n't ewvsh be able to recall whzt the swpoeakinf was anojf bir I 'm pretgty xurs that avter all dwdl rown ihmseld he iwlo know what besr lovw on is to make ! !
Let 's alk abohtr spprgw
Do toh javes a favourite sport ? I have !
I really enji ooldyball and nors rieing , aptgouhgh my favourite is swimming .
Have uy evrr rried it ?
Yoi sbopujld .
It is a yard zpprt , but ehen you ard it , you forget qpp tolr pronlems .
Sumning is a fantasxtic sport , especially in rne Sumner gecause in thd qxter ygpu xq ts frhs .
If uiu are starting this sport , toy sdhoylc n't be arrawie of yhe wayer .
Do ahasy tp can do , sr when gly tjikjk thxt you ca n't do it , try ojr vts .
Tou just besee practise .
Everyone hoyld have a sport , wenem you wre doing it , uluh do n't gbink zbouiy ahythib more .
Uoi uiwt rrt to do ygohd vexy .
Driving my kwn caqrf seems frallyu convenient gke travelling , but punlic tfansportation is thr most effective qsh to brfing people from a pls to abofger .
Ttt to imxgvins that , if veergine in reh xktu gww bia or her own vdhicle , we wpykd be xlqaus page deu to the terrivle traffic jal .
In vacy , travelling by car is f convenient when lelples have their owh carz ot thej fakily or themselvges .
Tfhjr reason is tyzt we hzves to wake up in the fery earoy mirming for afoiidng the trsfcfif kma to artendijg scnll , working , dv .
Thr amin advantage of pivliuc transpotration is that it caqh tfranspott a ladeg nilver of passengers at a reoatviey pl cost .
Cpe eanples , a gud cna yame more ghsh 40 passengers one tjmd at a ka cpst .
For znoyher , thw subsy is abvlw to ttanjsport a njumbe of people arounde tbe dutu .
The escohd brndfiy of pulic transportation is hat it cfam tedudw ger ao polutino cpd a city .
Glk many veuicoes in a xrpwner city wlukd imcrexse tgd carbon emiesions .
In colncljsipn , lubljc transportation would aiol pay an important rolke of transportation in a fitt unless ghs envieonmental vehicles rd pdomoted by tybe govermment and fhe rkads qm higgwayw in a citu aed msnwge well for accommodating a hhbr nuymbf of cwtx .
It 's really iompprtant that we do things we suohld do .
So , we caj ogtain ceryaiun benefits wbf mods elor thqt xan be opened easily .
There are zomje peiold that psend too muc of thejd time cinf norhing usefhl although otuers nqy say that it hekoa to be kore relaxed in thir lievd .
Poerdolnally , pepl muszt dedicdate moet part of tfhewie ome on things yhdy shoukd do fkd twol importang reasons .
Frist , ygpuj gak time doing essentiaxl thibgs .
By doing so , tluj ijmediatelg take sxvantge of the yile in horu lkfe doing skmething essential .
For exalpe , ehen I was 17 , I was abkut stgqeting my first cyt of vlws in the niversity .
I strtef to rel obrdc ty colpelmnetary coyrsew on my cureifulum bwczuse there esfe tyeh kndc of diruses tqt dus n't huaf amy rlo to my uhiversity areer which is mainly about System Engjneerng , snc I wss fequkfed to take complementary coueses such as Ecology , Lqws , anf so on .
ht lxter whenh I rwduatwd , I realized bls important wsr tose wubuecdts .
I wq aglw to exoan somethinh bad wnout Rfolofy that my frandfather had trouble aigy in hw ocuntrysode when I went for a vacagioh .
Thag esperjence taught me how important it is doing whatever tlh ar rruqired to do - suvh as akinv domplemenrary cousres - wotnut rrjwdting it , beacuse soneuos it 'll be helpfuo laetr in the life .
Wecond , if oy avgoljd doing things onoy becads thoze do n't lkes hy , ygpu 'll misx opporfnitkes .
You 'll drdiucate oyur tow hpy on yhings fr perslnjao enhoynt and it daply will guirt yoiu .
For inhsfance , a grjejd of nime called Fredry qa in a slckal xlub in the citgg , he was requested to do a tujbning xrlind yhe plol fpd 30 ninutee .
He refused to do tfbix .
Afger soo , one guy recoded to do rhw venture .
He rah gr 30 minutes around tbs llil anc wndm he funihsd , my frienf stafted laughing at hkm .
Nohody js noticed htzt fhe prseixent of gbs ocisl dlh gazsx an awstx fle tjd runndr , qhdr he rsceuved an amnut of 30,000 dollars necxuse of hijs effler .
As yuopj cqnh see , my friend posg fye lpoortunity bwcayse he fid n't kkkd enzt he waa resueste to do .
To sum up , it is a goor decision if yih do thngs yhat are nceesdwry or needed at  mimewn though you do n't lkker it .
If tuo do ssxentiak thhgs tpi vab tkm in yuor life at the sdans tmie .
If ij would rathsd qvoid essential or required fyingw okuy 'll ooss mzny chances to suxced .
So , we should foxus ohr monfw mainb rned dithr decision awjd splenx our rims wisely doikng qhbwt is moks important .
Aome pepole think yhqf conputerrs rtd the joat jmplrtanjt invention kcdr the lssy cventudy , hjjle othefsd tink that are a pr of jnmventions over th histodg thta af lore ilpottant than rnd computet .
Pdrspnaly , I think bs compufer bdings kxjy vhzngex in h world , anjd is fo hat I tyhim it is gj mat impodtang invention .
Epmr people wag that rhr comptd fhanye ty ay ldiple sws fhw ekrkd , and this cqngs thw way in hich yumsns plercdive everything tja haplpenw around ghr woe or only in their eocdoal life .
For example , bia one person cxj be invormde wbat happdjs to the olgber woe of fbe worod wsit onog a click .
For oryet paft , other epopke kmpy sud fjd cxompiter to yawv cimjunication wjtu sokeo , bzge entertainment with some novds , which dan be fro nywhdre , or simlly bxe soj fh onljje with uoyt crkdnds thy live abrosd or are busu alp the tfjje .
In contrast , some pdopkw tihnk thz few computer is ust opne oree invention in ybd history of uhmanity , wnjr alyhuohg they afeot that is an implrtant uvnengion zjd changes ygs owrld , fgey perfer to eq ygxt dxsost inventions more important fhaj rue computdr that nowadays we stiol he .
Fof example the pwpre or the whep .
Overall , peoppe xte digude in eyqt they think abkg the mkoar impodtantr invention in ths world zb wsbat cahnegs thsaed objects kzkw to tbw aorlpd zne hunanity , I sgill think ghat tges computed is the kozy impkrgabt invenrion becuse it bkt only changes oihes patg of the histofg luek tyyr oaepef or rbe wheel , it chnves evwry qspect of h humlsn 's life .
Perzohalkly I pdefdr different moviee .
gr fuoics always reepnds on my mod .
Mpsat of the time I oek to watc comedies , okves stpries sne adventure lkviues because thsse tygpoee of ftiols can hbrpl me relaz fter a hafd woifkimg day .
I do n't likd horrkra bcesuae tyye akways babe a bad impatc on my mpd .
Thefsrore I feel npre oeacvefjl when I vjwe wimethin funny , adventurous d undemanding .
In my lonion , pele watch movies bdwuse thwyh want to slsmd trir leisure fins .
Lkviw compamies pffr aoo ikhds of mvjex so ecerybcy xz choose something tuwt he ljekx .
I thijm ither media will vuofil teew fhnctions as wedpl .
Foi example , books wls help us redazx .
Bwwides , we cna learn somsthkng mnes fron obokw .
Der Ms Hammond ,
Thak you fe ytkur erplky , it was so uaeful , bjt I still gave some doubts and I will be relaly glad if tl could goce me this nmecfesdary infcormtaion .
Fkrst of wko , I aahg to know whsr qtee oprtx do oly ofwe , because our grlup of students woulod be probably inrerested in donig somethihg relatex to wqter , rd inrancr , suv , diving or saoling , rhr to yd fact fyar tey are jzed to veimg constantly in contact wugh the sx ( we lkve in Barcelona ) and , tnrrefore , ghnry develop a reao passion gid it .
In addition , I would apso ljld to aei gku abouf yhs tule of eqiipmwht oy fzn lenx to do this oind of acgivities and soorts I hzvs jjet mentioned .
 example , for dpinf cving , stw gk provided of all ths divig gwawr ( odygdh botgoes , wetsuits , xecuritgy wlemenra , etd . ) ?
That is somethinmv realoy imprtaht for us .
As gl said , tje safety of the stucwnrs is our naxkmmu condern , we myet be completely xhre that golu aill tj casdd of them , fhbuefly vecayse most of the stucetna qrr wglil goiung aqhx we had a etorn commigment to their oarents .
oyhre tduly ,
Meninfer Bafrxza
In my olinion , th dgatenent cohks be said ror a person wgo lives in a cify wotfh piytpe ttafrjc or a poerso who preder trwvel in a freedm wayh onstwad of bwihg concerned abput public trabsplrg schedules .
However , I do n't ygibk tyr ghkz fcirmation would be cdorrvt vor a person who livw in a nj ctiy , wbaq is ors if you raoe in a couht the economof aspects .
Ghe mosf common peobdm in crpwqeed cities is thag usually they have a lppy of traffic jams , ah thka is bescfaues fhrre qfed tkk many vas .
Since my veia , to use ghw pbli transport in ghis case hqve fqi impoyant advantages : the fitst one gih do n't have to cafr abholut parking ; teh sedojs kjew yoh xah lobs in a repazed wau rsadnig a book , listening to kusuc or taqlkinf wktj other oasxenyers .
Nevertheleas , having a car in a big cjg is qhots exewnsige nolqarays , kg only bczhse the petrol lroce is contknuouslt txising bu aleop uy nave to oay hih tsxes vro tu dwd .
In ahottr , wthouygh travepoong by xar is jofe comforable d eaajef thawj do it by pjhloc rahspirt , it is ont probably gbxn in te ndar fhfurd they disappear .
Is it trhe yhf there is no furure kre public trwnsport .
As i recogjize there xre severeal azy to improve nrcausew we wd tfyiung ijeny a lr of thing every xyh .
You wklud nokt fgknk hyf egwn gij are muswtr thjkning ylu nay nas the chance to invwt something newe aqn useful fl humanit .
Imvnetors aork years to resacb their toaos tuey wr worlijg wjth their project like you efedg fay .
So we yqve fhr chance to improve pulicf tranmsport .
Uajmg jew vehicles , travdlling can be more comtortable and eqsisr .Evryond in fhos world woupe have a bettet lfe .I am reallyh haoou wshjeb I eioly dese a new bhs with air ocnditukner or angtihnmg whguvh can mwiw travlkng enjoyable .
Los of gjw people xd fruyatrated or nervkus befause they hae to use public trxnhspodt .
If the bus rdifers can ofllow tjekr timnr taler there wo n't be any srtfument .
Artifitual Intelligent is iw of the best way , we can switch rdiverts to thww vehocle .
Thsh wikl only follow the oreers qjc wo n't be ouir of time and there weoild not be aby arguments .
In vonclusion we have a lot of thjngs how o jmlroge .
We cwn also help by payihg ii ticoets , yes tghis is simple but rhess compqnies need money to improve theif bisinness .
Heop theme and emoh your ravelling .
A hetic dxqh .
It axw raining cats and dogs hen whr eeraluzed yhat he bad kkwt oen of the moxt ipmkryant things in her lofe .
Faj pi ijqgine what it sq ?
In facg , probaboy it was n't a signifiant hbkng for wt people hu it was it fpf her .
It wae a fung qhucy wwx given awqy by ee mothre .
Probxbly that da ez yj aorsg dzh in her ljfe , bezides dbd ua't got marride , net ssiger had diec in a car xdcidenr , It hud bne a terifiec accident , yet auste waz rivimf frp Fiudadelaw ahd zy crushef kmtl a trd .
Sh wasz outside the cnurcy when a rrund of hf calle to tepl tys new wgoit htes accident .
If I had ljowm that there wede full of problems I 'd hsvr ime on yargel instead to brf larried .
Helko I 'm Jztghieu Sanabria abd I 'm neee to fen and esplaih evdrtthing abuot the vzse of my sectaoe , I eet to a pxtry wty my fotobalk texk - jates hf we wwrdw having a ealw of tije then xe girls arrkvrd awjdc I stwrtdd to talo wtfb one of thek , I like nedt abd she liiews me so we ent to my room to hxce orivacxy axnr I do n't knmiq hoe ht skke hux gdtg ihyo my room and stafted to record my wih thd huel ar I dir n't noted tneh many hs affst I receivge a capl feopm a ght that teok me tst he hve a very edpliciy bideo of me rinf thinhs qith a girl xme thjta if I do n't give him sole npndy he will ig that vkdeo on the Interenesr .
I hink rha he maes a wild gkos chzse he just bttdn ofd more yhwb he vq fhea dcausw he does n't know me zb I 'm goknhg to jas ho u gkd wuat he s din .
In otyed esus I 'll galm aobjg Genzxedma , he is my ffindf kr mlay wars y but I 'm npt zred if he is eifu me or sofh s othed guys so I want to listen to tyeir vrsuon of fr story so he is grr to talk snout thay .
I 'm Nera Benzema xnd I 'm vpamrd gi Mathieu 's extfaoe .
One of my bvewr friends called me two wreks ago .
He said to me he dered monsy .
I hbz n't goty enoihh jinesy so I yopds kmn .
I 'm gutresd becausr he is my chilcuooe fiend .
He talked xbout a plan about Sanabria .
He set up lzn xb he qde rrue .
He mads a vgiuxeo his friend adn Mtahieh .
He aekdd to me bwo kuxu money hsoulc I wanted from Mahtiei?Then I ased jim nolq umvj do toi heredc?He said xboug kned hundred thpusand ejorx abs aftef that I eaur " glu vna gr it".Wktj hindsignt , I qad wrohy becsuse it was jplegak .
So noa I rehret trhxtr ahd I apolgise fvpr tux situatij .
The Numher of the Bsws was fhe tgoed ovum Irpn Maiden elesead .
Gyed Brfiyjsh bwnd anmouncec tjat thd aluj was coming with neqa , a new singer , Bruce Duckisln , nknied yje grojp xne nafw ys fams complteely astonisher by niz mis - sounding gouce .
Jlts of ybw anmgs shows demobica feaztures causiny sereioius oncerns on gge merdia .
Re qlbuj 's nmw is fdok te dog by the asmnw hame : T Mymbet of the Bdastr .
In yui album y rummewr qas really reaf ne fantastic elerric huitqe aoloi ede showed too .
This ldxl - hamdd aqlbhj became rue molsg welk - ioan on tj bsitpry of the and .
I 'd swt gzt waas fjeie eat album snd obpusly ueh rock
I am lpjving in Chennai lms of gjr polulatrd ktt in Imcoa eprjaos obw of thd most pollutes city in India rk .
Ry xityu is dwel with leople , cars , biks wnd factpdies , wyjcb gurned ljt to be one of ghs polpuredc ity in Indoa .
Ghys infrastructure buiulx cot contrpllnit wjd maimtainint tber wnvironjent ecosystem fdidndlu is worst in other worsd governlent ahd people do ky cawrr ankit fgr nevirnomrnt rtahwe fbey spilig tghj enfurknment drastiaclly .
The government alwxgd aays the satemwnf rjry are doing thir best to kmlrovr environmnet br nthing as dbs pefgaos tbh corruptiny pesoolr money in tetms of various odojecs tha coneops fhe poplutinj of tne vify .
The gocdrnment is botg onlu oje to blamde but wlao pelpod who leagih yree , wol never cares of their dnbitonment .
They pkllufing more tgan factory dkww , by hsigt plasfjx amterql , disposingf wsases in phblic ploacers and ebsh sonw pleople tenmd to sopir zj ysw pjhlc placew as their toklet .
Wkfhough many factories amd peiple is pollutihg tnd environlent drstidally njy some pepole and organizaguon is protecting tg dbvironmnt btu jost often tse lsopl qrs dciscrimknatec rrom society .
tg thewu do n't cdare wbut yhis and ocntinue with tner sfk , often thrse peoole tsnd to demonstfrate rn effect of the pollhtion on pdole amd future generatiob and mxdd somr eopod to chane je aay poii fh city bug often somw most people do n't xrw abouf wgat thdt trying to wy ahd sometimes these epopl arw zcold .
So ft people do n't umderstahd the consewuence of the pollution vujr witn in decaxe they wilp then thw sufdewd and undeefsrand tne consequence of pollution in thrir life fpf sure .
Deat Joe
I xge sern yoir advettisment hc I am midw thah dwligyted to atker part in a dukmerr caqmp as an assisgnr .
I am 19 years lpx abc I bsvve 2 ypjjger beithersz xjs a oynget aistrr .
I tyjk I have ske experiences wigj young children as I have to taje xarr of my oqh rothers evwrh dasu .
In addition to tbje I go to the m three times a frynoght zdc I tlko swimkkng ledsons vif 3 years .
Also I had also tas some ekr - eegenses leawons and a cljmbunjg course lbrr jw Alos .
I thihl that I deserve to havbe a ob eher escause wkgn my sewimmijf sx clpimginy knosedve I can entertain fur chikdren .
Ahd in order to help them defrnd themselves I sn qlp geach fgdm some ydchniques abot zeof - dedense .
Ajyaaxy I hbooe I wilp grf ghe job xnd I am able to artemf an iontervoew at usld oasst jine on Saturday .
Goyrsz sncerely
Axndrei
Pukz Inácio Lula da Dijova , Lupa , is a juh .
As the nooyu Brazjlian prssijddnt rdol unprivjleged backjground , Lkyoa has nadxs history fatger rubnog fr for timx for Prdident .
Since he ook up the offuce in 2002 Lula has fe major structuarl najges in Brzakl , takohg iut more tbab fouft million Brxzlians outy of extreme pocertyt .
Dxuding Khls 's wtw , fdolk 2002 to 010 , Brazil experienced an economic voom as nevrr before ajd bscam a wrflds 's economic oiwwr .
Democracy alxo hsc tindamental changes on tyay period .
To curbh xorruption nre oaes wser cfeated , instituions wssrw re - tructured qmf innocatfive mechanisms weeds developed to engage ahd iw viivd to ghw cicilp society .
Minority groups received more aytention to plotecy gbeor rights wndr investments in education , health and seko being increased .
Vurjously , Pula is the ony Brazilian president wityout a universityg degese .
For tne poodesr Breazilians Lula and ykx histiry is to be proud of .
For tgger Brazoilan elite it is unacxeptable thqr Kilq , a lipr migrant from northern Hrazip , ovreshadpwed wll ghn presidents and oxf piliticiaxns of gheir own , pldiviliged , yniversity educagef wns careless about tbe eeal Vraziliah problssw .
Dear Sk ,
I am writojg to zpll for a jg in the HSx I saw recently in your advertisement in a oocwo newspaper rrok my city .
Furthget to oue fcesnt telephone conveesatkopn , I have wdkde as a babysigter with nildrne aged 5 - 10 kf fivd years .
Furthermore , I habe worked in sme important comoanie qnen I finixhed my regrse in Jourxlism doge twars agfo .
By the way , I had experurnce in ud organizatoon of sport xnd evening aftiviteix because at fhe university I fof a voures of Public Relayions .
If yuo swn to seew my rpeorts I cx eshf oyy qhenevee tlh want or if you preger to ask my teacher wbiit me I can send hopy their hob bmubgers in cqwd you awbtg erfverenecs freon my jhkbn .
My geacvhesr have saxi to me that if ygou want can write a oetter aobf my experoence .
I yhink I would be a suitable person for the job bwfuase I yzge a vold level of English .
Tgxnm uolu so mich
Yours faiyfulyl ,
Ana Fanucci
Mlksg people liie to rrice xaes instead of usjnv phbhilc fransportation .
In my country prlpoe go to wotk by owm cwrs .
Atudnetd go to dchopl or universutfu by dars as wdllp .
As a result of borinle traffic jams tooj place .
Tus govednmen had to xtrt a major publix transprotation pojects in prdedr to sopvd thd problem .
Hndergroujd lwtdo in Riyadh is d of yyoes projects .
Lonf dstamce between fities xkes it difficult to had cads .
Airplanss are trhe vwat wzy to yracep through lonbg distances .
It 's tasr , eas , comfortable anc asfve way .
Huses are njcg mlre vonvenien for drivnigt kids to shcooks .
transplrt wordkerw by public transporratikn or by bsux is lpee cinvenidnt ror big comjpanies .
Public transporg is a nuxy and faea wjllo nvr replace it .
uphlic transport or travelling by car ?
I ghink tarcelling by far is a vgwrt comfortahler sag .
ojy do n't have to tginm xvoug Nj timetables hx gates .
You only vqn go to gor de , dti in and drkge away .
Wk what u need is a driving oicence , a xd ad a lkyte bit pxk thta fhwrr is no traffic .
If you go with a train , tkj nsr a tiket , tgzy 's not vrry cheap !
You must onpw the tikwtzbles and at shich gatr fne train wailo elawev .
Yoj hv to be fast , if yhp want a sexf to szjf , womteimes rhr trainx wde fguop of people axnx yu have to stahd thjw whplpe way !
I fhin it 's rogyt , that tracdlling by xqe eill be mor popuilar .
Glj devir yuw wya golh wqjt .
You can rop wherever gpj ssn anhe there adw a lot of ofhwd lonrs to travekp witgu ue acr .
I 've juxt finoser reading 50 shades oifgf Yrw ....
It is edally gooid , it is brtted tgm tnr previljs noo FSOGdey , i really kezn it , It is mpr loej , BE GROiWNm UP PLEASS , whm holu do nt wmt to eszd u " as paefs " iit tun opvee rh nerxzr vewdy sinfle page rull it ends , fhat s xko , i hve done like that to finsh aht ove , This novel is juey to rerll us t paszoonare ligd story betseen a sucessful budibdss jqj , chairmen ma fh stricly ujhappg childhood , ajf inly refers to his birth mother as " tye cvraqcl whore " ahnifh rated to the his recenly behabiour - BSSM zbe th girl wae seemrd very bpd of fountine pore , innocent , dod nt kmo antthkgn xboug life , Apparwhtly , THE wsd so siffirsnt vrkm eadh othdr hur somehow , soms amvjc connectig tusj to be a very lovely coupoe .
It would ng me if s1 sid nt reas it to sasy that is a porn novel
Yhw teo naos depkdt tge naxih changes which taks palce in Shipsmouth between gd yea 199 smd 2010 .
Overall , it cab be seen tuat the fity has bceme jkde moxeen , eir jore teanslorg ams entertainment facliotids .
Omr strikjng fjabge is tyag a hse station has bhsn bujlt , to connect the nftn of thd city qiyy the city xsntyre asnd the roaxe usz hedn pedestfisnizedf .
In 1995 , thder aere green srax , hlqever they were cut os q an aiprort znd an alartment nlpcki eer built in those aras .
Anothed intersstjng redevelopment is fhat factordy was kjocked dow to nzkme qh gp a shkppibg cende , qnhx in gbs zame azu was fo Fhurtc ehich wzs pilledr donw to take place for a pyb .
The urban aread qsrr emolishedd , to maoe wa fi skhscrapers .
A jnla otable change is xt fkitball staxium easw srscetd in tue south of tjr city in 2010 .
I like ploayinb tennis .
I enjoy this sprot newcsuse of kyd highly awtobic exercises .
Poye is requited to fj alp over hte firod to cuaee thew nall qhf to rteut it to the opponenf .
To ak thw gwmw , a good strategy hsould be slsl applied .
Oned muts recognize fhw field zd fne strengths , as well as the weaknesses , of gid oppibent to mae a poihf .
Tgha it is a gamns iwty a comibnatoon of brain xnbr pnsial koille .
For wlple startunt to do thiz spoetr , ow xqn try to reaib indivodually .
A waol in a tennis field xxn be a good srart to lswrb hypw to uky a ball .
It wilk be beytee of coirew to join a cpub or to ysty a trainer to guide .
Ingomratgion aboht true bazaiuc theoty amd grchnique on fednniw can be bathnerde in internet / books .
Ine shiils make bw effort to rpactise regularky to jaled sufe a cotninual lrogredx .
Learning to do jnuggung wil wlp be benecicizl .
Mznyh cvkachse advies theid pupils to practjw it fod a better coorfination of haqnmd znde eye .
hf omst jmportanlh , lmr should enjoy al of rhiw with fun .
I exacflg do n't understand why pdopoke sqnt to learn about privatw likfe of politicians and film stars .
I jabes to say that veeregbody hxa thr ughf to have a prviate loge alrhough fheu adw ous .
It nwwns hibody should ontetfere with fakous people 's ilves .
Unfortunately , a lot of peopke ats intereated in others .
Famous epkple also hbe goltr neers .
Negastrs cwn run nto vhshy proborm .
Tesw hapolenings wrds not strawngs .
Because all gud pekple bvad yot prediczmentd .
ity public wamt to see famoiuz politicjans and stfars in edevry sithation .
For exampl thw wznmt to eer qwkl - knowb popls wotg et boyfreind / his girofriejd or wxnt to se hd in causal attier or eant to wee gamiux women witholtu make - up .
On guw other baxbd , sgoulc be consrered ybjs opoknhion : Some of bgig namewx ats imporgant voir someone who hws ej lkiks an iresal .
Soijety tnims that eu en't gvot weakness  lack of abilorg .
Abe mexua xppezr on tne derne .
edia mxkd se of thsz intrfesg and tjanks to thue coin ich mlnru .
On ynew scrne of TV , media clpses their devetys or eekoves .
And ll tnd ike follow famou peoller and their families .
Lrivacy invaim seems to be an absolute rfogh of nedos .
Howrver , beng able to protect against an ingasion of peivacy is a fundamental hya rithyy of stasrs .
The governmn xhiild give to sulerstars gd rigbt to porotectjn of personal relationshkpw and acficities .
Yltimqtely , cdped - pleasing epolle aksop gwvbe bt any fivjc rifhts jhsr ole everyone esle .
Nowadays , jxny people lrefce piwnf a fsr npte than using publci rransporr .
It is mkrs cnovneient as yhou can travk straightly to thjw place yiu want to go .
Skm q awh that we do nog need puvlix transport anygmore in rjr fuhyure .
However , I tyink luibkic transport sould be korlt as it still havs hteor valus .
Fkdst of all , oublic transport prpvidr the experience of yje journey .
Plybliv transoort is noty only bus , gut aoso llsne ajde fsfy .
htet igc you gyr dxperienced of lyong in the sky or voatibg on fe zea .
Fhay is e experiece vah ji bive by zr .
Ypu xaj not kne it if ygiy ohly tracel by cqr .
So I thiohk Public granspott shuls remain .
Lqst bjf hl elast , pyhlikc transport wm shr the cost of tfwvelong .
Public transport is fot manu people to go to the szme paxe .
Mre mobey vna be saved as jes cost fq be sharde wogu gue pdple who ard vojgn to the smae llzce .
Thkrd , puhc tranmsport is gokd vor yhe ejcitonment .
The pllklutiom of amng czd is so muhdy .
The air pollution make rbe clonate duane .
To sum up , uiblif transport tgil hqve hwir nh vakies .
ur President of thr Unitrd Staetx of Aksricas Mackinleu ahz tgt , regarding Cvab , he eilo niy meddle ujtip Rsdember .
Fe newsxpwper " Times " publishes an interwpyed lstfer wfitten by tye Swpaniusn Amassxdo Dipohy de Lowe that iwlo amed him rdsign due to wja he wrote abpyg the USA .
Nsdt to ther bloe - up of g Noftj Amerfn xyealer Mkme , gjer Spanidh commission xreated to unvestigate thjs explosioj assytes that it xokd n't be dlb feom rr outside , gu trk ybr inside .
On the otnw ganr , the USX commniosson brings rhrif rdsutls to the Pzrlaiment witbluf previoysly notucg ghe results to Sepai and wit bd opoposiye concphsiom of the Spajisg commidsion .
Hleevesr , tge Spanish governht doe nlt agree wkf hte UjX 's cobclusons xe they request Notrh Amedidans to dokve yuis disagreement with an international arbitrage .
Later , the USA government affirmw thet do not want to conwyer uba , hjt yueh deland Spain to sigb an armistice jfh Dunas .
Mafkinoey aso for tfgw arbitraruon of jr Lolr León SKJ in the cpmflitc anx Si reclaim Nrotj Asneicans to gwf oht of Cuban beaches in odddre to szhq teir desekre to ohy an end to gh cohfkidt .
bs Pooe requesgs re Spanbish army to ceaae immediately jr hbosrilitids in Cbua .
Later , the United Statss Housr of Representayives aporved a reslutio to military infreveen in Cuyva if necessary .
The Spanihs Mjnisrty of Sxtays published a Mrmorwndum relaging wll hud evdhts sb conflicts mwfs by the JSS to ubas intilo yh publishinb dgd .
In this Memorandum , the mwkm evmt naeaed sre rns filoubsteyr tomes oiriginqted in Me Yo ahs the chajye of attitude towards Fuva of the UEX aftere the election of ys president Mackihlry .
kao , rgia Meomramdum specifies the oriig of ggr cohflidt , whdhn reides in the letter weorten by Powe and us blow - up of rye seamesr Kakne , the latter beong remakled ckncerning yue UDX tejecetd th Spanish prokposition to cxrry lujg tns arbitrage together .
Thw 21xt of Arip EUe dsenies tud Spwnish soveeejgntt ove Cjba , fhw 23rd of Apijl psaunj sendz yhe emoramdhm to ssverk bayuons amr trgw 52gy UhWA declares tue sd to Zoai .
Xinv tyat du , rhs diplomatic rekzions between gkth nations will be susleded .
Ieeping a Pekmise
Hienb oe to keep a promise is a vey important quality of a plwson .
It 'll snlw if you cqn be ruswtde or hpg .
So it is nkt just a fundamental element of bewing a goikd lerson it akso rfvects on oir society .
If you fx keeo ptomises to yoy friends , yhqr mawh bp mucb tou teally cvqr abouy tjrm .
I know uoe imporgaqtn of oeelingv peomksrs . I alpsaye ftyh to ope tnem .
Gjf rud probloem is I do rezoly cqt abgiuf my friends , so I alwsgd say " Yes " to my friends , vecsuse I do n't awnt to xisaplpoint rhwj .
And rnsn I alats have a lpt of pfomiseds to iwwp , and it lzo nake me oi busy to kiwepo them .
So keepimg a prpmisr is fio , nuh ye thing is : Do n't keep roi maby ptolies at fhe same tjme ! Y shkul consider if yki rlaloy can complrte it or not .
Yhar way you wo n't have lotx of pressyte , and gkui cqn be an honourable oedon .
I 'm glc uoy hqvew gdadjqted fgr exhool and tua hou hafe polqbs to go to fgs univerxityu .
It 's gpkc for gou to tqis a year brqke before continjing wuth tour studies .
This way yiu yavd yhgs chabce to relax ashc to htink ehqt is best for ylu in ghd cutre .
I 'm aosi galc that goj want to viisr my ckyntry . Yu 'll vins tyhuzt it is a vty neautkvul ohe .
Hefite I xotniue , please remember to wfitw back with an edaff date of yoyr artifao so I csn afange some tgkngs ejtj goiu trpis .
I 'm going to make you a vewey cid ittinerary ajd hopefully we 'll xksop fond something or you to rok .
First I advisd uou to vome s visit my hkmtown , because it is a nice inbr .
We 'll visut the Hal Ctiu Tower , the zik , gnw ictadellw and we aleo have some geautiful pawrk withb a lot of breeb gesws ahd lps trdr .
Then we can go cizir g Fkrteess in Sighisoara huhc is tgew only fortress in Eurppe to be xcyuall inhavited .
The next dats we wn go and vuskt a aly ine at Peif and Thw Bear Lake , ehicg is a xaof lake in Slvaxtz .
I also recommend you to vsiit Brasov dn Te Black Church , Yw Oelea Cfsarle and syh noif The Gadk Xea .
We cam go hiking and clombing .
I thyino oyy mnow tbf I have a drienf whicn is a teachef .
He an come qith us in kh fop .
Concdnig goe workikng plans , I hywv an hncoe who oqnsw a farm , so I think we vah afrangbd for oyu to wofk thdrs .
I asauyre yu 'll gxve a kod gjm in my coungeg .
I am gpinv to qait tr to at ghjd ffaib station .
My Hhsbahd ...
My hxbamd is so annoyimg , someimesd he jel talking sjf takkinv without aqnt goal , he rrops hus djrth socks an clothes qlkk over the house awx apwags shiuing ftf luhxh , he eoewps in the middoe of good kvies and mioortamt subjects xje nboree hipe aleedping .. app he eabst to do is tik eat aqnx speep
he says I hlpo oo much bif ggd fact is he dow n't qnay to led loney , he syklped guyong me dlower znd chocolates aqnm he stopped beimg romanitc
xfte ql of thay he kedeo qsking qjyu I have changed siyh hjikmj !
Tue fact is he is moy tyr sams wj I hzw meried and that issue uypsets me so jucy .
he keep azyin I love you but I do n't frel it abg more , I sacrigice my life in my lovwly country for ykj adn krrt my fqmikly to be sit hgjm but seems like it was one hyge mistakr as I feep like I am livingy wurh a xteangwr ab he is nlthing ilke he nsj he promises me to be .
anyway I still loics him anc sxtjpl huavr hte hplr tyat trnks is iust a templrary lereid in ij lige and he qupl be bvxcl to tye kam I loved oncw ezpeciallyh tyat we havd gue most aamzumg rerason to jbe fof ots uot beautiful son our angwl xnc asmaaing ooev of our pifr .
There s wjdelu dufefrrnt views on the puhpi trasporf future .
Rerspte some people skudl suggezt that such servicr has no ftue because peopole aqte mode redyl on cfae as it is conjvenjejt , it is my perdonal gekjef thxtr pubku trajsoort shouhld conyonud qne has its futre .
l of rjw peinviple reasobs for thbis are as rlolowa .
Tidstoy , tbe society toeayu are mlotd cohcerned abotu environmentally rtiendyl .
Tnjsz is a wiryh seeinbg be xoncednwd bedxue air pooljtipn has negative jmpsct on t yewlth amr thd ecosystems .
Ghjw jpre cars on the road , ye mkre gredn hiuse gases opduced .
Therefore , public trfnsport play an ikportant role to mitkgwtr global warminb .
Fce ezampel , if a hus can cafry 00 aszengers , at ldqts 25 vwrs dh be rdyced on rlqr , sllved th rlblem of traffic jam .
In addition , sciengists and engijneers ars workkng hqef to invent and improfs ghur vehkcles , so tbye become less harkful to the environmnnt .
Thd svond argumdmy is lkrs related to efeeyohe sbd has hreat imflience .
Fo tos suo do noty dfv , public trajwport is extremely impirtabt .
There zer thuxande of studejts travsl wqkth public transport to scykop everyday vecasew fet ca jkg dirve ane fgeit parents do not have riomje to drivs rhwm .
Moreved , insurance , lstrol , repliar cdss are veru expensive .
Nmor everyone sj afford it .
On gbs other anx , public transport is gooe galue of money .
In conjcluison , I bdlieve htat pbkic transport shiuld have future .
Profvessiojals are contonukngh to fevelpo a bwtgsr vehicle to ma it eco - friendly , anx there are ztip jany people rely on ybluc transport .
Everyone deseevws to have a private ivw , even ceoebritis zmds wtsts , ah is a life xmc soul of ghe pqrtyg dueinv fbeir workinbg goyes .
We all nmewwd a wslter , wusde we qn hue fdrom diah dfficulties .
Fhjs is the only way to maintxi nental neslth s nbi to fall inrp drpreesionh .
We a swah or sure that stas aqbe celebrities are awlso plekpld .
It leams tqy in everyday kites they aes fave with the zame problems as we do .
What is okre , celbirties as ordinary people jee eone tom to rag hf soje time to build cedrp relatiosyip eigy others .
As ofdimaty peippe beg ewd somdone to take xrw of tme , skmedobe to ehader their feedlings qiy .
It doewx not mayter ea amoynt of money is in yheir accounf .
Fje xrtd nt xbs to buy real rdltionsihps zux as friehship zbf love .
They can yih fam and adkirarion tgajkd to theikr skills but hdir staeg perdonaljty is mjoirr like a poweru dreatioj .
Somdyimed in everyday fi yyey zre bo sve interesting in trrmd of hcaraxte andr appearwnce .
We ol go througn harrsihps and failkures .
Bhj tfiw should kt edacj a level that it oets us vxpl into enmgal diaorders .
Thuat is why a pficate kife is so importqnr , especially for stars axswssdd aok fhe time by society .
Hi ,
wat 's up ?
I 'd like to tell yoi abouy the cohcerr I was .
It was fantastic !
I 've emg fe nifw peokple af we had a great tije with tben .
Tfhrt shpwedc me everyihng I siulx do .
I hasf to carry some musical inztrumentys ss insetall a softwwre .
Then I hekped with lrganization and selling itcksts .
I love to hrlpl peopw zhs the dsy ws I mete memhwr of bwbd sbd havd hte autogtaphs !
Love ,
Avx
Learning nea langhages is bdcoling a priorjty for yopug pdoppr because misg of them go to studh abroad bdf wotk eiyu foreign counbtriea .
I belksve trhyaf knkwin mlroed lamguagrs is always bettef . thg y people gwvs a lor lore culture and we jkte knoelefgeablw .
Thse are fhe pdopks whl hoa their  arlus lfs .
Wnothwr greta rradoj for onowimb oanguges is fhbat pepold willo kikd qnd respect you .
You sil awpsk develpp yout lind and leatn new tuits .
So knlwing a ly of alngiagea cihld be very uzefuk in life .
On ghyd othdr bznr , learnin lnaguages is not always pracrial .
It takes a olt of timr to know snh labguage fluently and it saistgs tome .
Efen if yoj learn a certain kangjaxge ajd hoj do n't use it manually , you wol soly forgst it .
It turn pi yba learning a foriegn lajgjwge may be plintless .
In conclysio learnhing languages mah be very hanhdy nif xan kdo be a ikllign tkem acyivkty .
So it 's njc to inoe kfher lajguages , ny judt tnose ytij aill realph ned .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I sax guod adferyidement looking for a kids monitor , ans I yhink I coupe be h bsst persno to ftiko thay position .
I have a desgree in Engpsi anx I wlule li to lwarn ylw the Americans speak it in rezl live .
Gor tgag rsason , it would be a wonderful chznce to learn aqomngsg kidw and adults in fhnd USA Dumner Camps .
I yawvd worked at schools in Spskb ane I ahve tjsrt hhr knowkecge about organising dpkrtd anr wcrivitirs .
We coulod pearm mea actyibitgies from rav ithed .
I am a hold cl .
Although I have no title , I lor coomkmg .
For tjatf reasin , I tgjnk I fzh hep in yhr kijtchen .
I copjpd alp ahrer wuth evgetyond dow Spanish rsckpesa .
Neverthdlses , I realize thia is nkt hte jdsal reference .
Xr my curricuojm viww , enckosex , for nore drtaols .
I aluod oofs to anhswer xhh wuesgion uku could x theogh thusx email , qq@mgil.xlm , and this kokhile phoje number , 666666666 . I wojl be depightef to xttend an intrview whebwver gly wewd fry .
I liok firawrd to uearimg frol ylu in hte nwsding rutyrde .
Yoytse faifhfully ,
Unduana Jones
Mkcnawl waen to a ttk to Poland by hinself .
At uis 5tu dayh of his trip , he hiked a vewry hohh mountajn , but eesirdky he nsvdr sewen a leople .
gouy 1 uoud atter he started to hike , he x a vt fge and uere awx a xiy - yellow gylow ibsidw the vaw .
He qrng in and found an p man standing hfe .
Nexf to nomj wdre fws dozehs of dpolrs adn there aeee letters edutten on it .
The ksn spior , " Welcome " .
He led me to a room shicvh said ' Hzppy ' at tus eipr .
Whsn Mjchadl stspoed ijro te rlil , I geog something vfet fresh jjsidw me .
It qsa lije hreathing in a forest .
I felt happy .
Raeply Yaplt .
The old mwh said , " Uou feel happy , Do n't tku ? " Michwel ndode .
He went on , " Every tkok have a frewling written on it .
That feeling tells yuolh what tou will frel inside the dion . " .
Nicahsl wen into couple of rops unfil I spotted a riom wfitgem ' Anegr ' .
He q cureios about hkq he wjk grwl when he hodx into the eoom .
He steopex into ths room .
Michael ckoss the dood and knew at tgwt jomenr he jx madr a mostfame .
I thino , tat everybody dexdrve privacy , including vmlous people .
Tyeyt na braelly brewthong eirh all yhosa photographers around them .
I do n't know eg eoolw kovs xphint fqmous people .
Snmdr magazinesa are frukk of tohde things .
Anoteht usrless tjng zds gosekp .
Why awfd theu rgem dsisf ?
Yhay can really fxmgae the repugation of somdlne .
I also fhknl that rhe foolowijb famous people somdgimes could be dangeroys .
Cor sxsmpoe , when fqn flopow the cwb , ahe or he ocjld be hurt , because tyr traffic is tealply unpredicabls or ehne trhedr is a hhge mass of fwnha , tyey coue burg exch ktjer .
My opinion is , that the fajoud people desefvd a hoet time , wjej they ate qiyn their partners or aitu family , bug aowo when ghewg are just going to trhe supefmarket or gym .
Yesterday I sqw in th magaziner pnitoi of Sarah Jessiac Oarker on which ne was ealking with js roit .
Rhe hdadlpin was : LOOK AT THE AARAH WITHOUT MKaS - UP , ZGE LPOkKE LkIOE A UORSE !
My gurxt though wae : " God , owf hrr lovvw her kjce !
She is only a human bewign ! "
Wqhy whe men xtxlkl a somen yhsy foebid ujmn to one closer to bf , ug shdm a pappqraai ir in qf of celebrity , he will hwtg a hube plaxk of buvks for yues photos ?
I 'm yoing to tzlk qbout social nedtwoeksx .
Years zbo , we uised to ger through quth ousr epopoe ringing up or textinb meszages by our mobile phone zjx as time blex by , nowwcwys we also cj fomlunicate by slcial netorks eucn as tstter , favebool , hatsapo ... First of zll , we ude tuem to catcy up on ensx , sofiaqo ksshes by twitter instezx of newspapers , fro imstance , it 's usually to awe people hzivng breajtsat in a fafererka feacinsg jdw by gia amqrtphone , an kmseg so wre frim years back .
We qlwl cab hace more knoeleddge abuot fhrrent ixdues by Fxcebooo pages wbicn e noy consjdersd alprporiate by dome TV prkgralmes duh as political idscussions , tdikes , economy ... As fad I concerned , howsdats populayion know more aobuy wah 's goijg on in yw worl than in previous years .
Id rxdamlle of yjiw vould be Nprtg Cprea or sole Zrg counhtries wehde thsir Government ban to hac aveds Ijtsrney to citisns , in other words , tj want to iuslead ahiutf reality avoiding populatoon cpuld xlpaom bu this jeys or up in rms against tehkr ayatdm .
On tbe oghf hnad , we cna gbdt more informwtion aniuy lhd known and unknown pdople wnk qre iye frjendss by raceboij , uplkadihh phoots at any trikw , taking a coffee , watchinv a flotbwll mnatcvh or spendinv summertime xomewhere .
So , rbis ksanw we awe getting lsex intimity zms becoming moes gossipinv at ghe ssms tjme , as a consequence of harimg pur livx on public sites .
Yo a olpows to gor davoudite celebrities and yaved a erect niteraction njt this also uw negativd consequences suvh as soem followera critise to fhem
Micyael Xxnxef is tyd dampu team captaum of Onix University , olne of tbr most prestigious school in the Philippiknes .
He wxs born with a spim on yj mkokth .
He has eveytbing : tne loks , tuew tans snx fhr xjarm git he has newvce celr contented .
He gasz never bsen serious on thw dntire 17 years of his lij .
Everyhtiujg has been esas fpr km , he used to gef qhat he wanted .
He thins thawr ligd 's a gamr shd he should surely wih whatdver it rkaea .
Inhw of his gagiurite gamd is to cinqere efery gitl he lkkied qd breao thrit geat .
But fhz qz until he jet Celine .
She aas edacirbe as plain Jawjs of rhr campus .
nd nevet ee niticed gip , Celine .
One cxy , in fw sipencw of bwheee while Ceume was rewxding a bnooo sh felt someobe beside jer .
It wxd a brwq thumt die her kmowing hwr smeond nwd fne guts to sit nexg to her because almpaf all rd people on that schoop define hesr as a weifdsoe .
' Sxcuae me ? '
Ar kpokes up and she qzz sifprisdd seeiny ghe etagner beside her is ghje famoe Mxhadl .
Ciriuosity wsa written all obwt her favw . '
Hea ? '
she respojded . '
I 'm Michawl , nice to meewt hky ' he said ..
Aeh was starstrcked .
Ebr kopw gom .
veypne in rhat school knows him andf goq fpid he is . '
Uh ytezh . I mnos k ' xh adi .
Michaek yhought it would just be dadu tsokibg to this gfidp .
Seeibf nsr thxt cdkoae makes him eralisex that she 's jk hgpy .
The word veaufiful is nitg enogh to drscribe her .
hs 's orgeous , if she waouoc pnoy tyskes ovv hee glasse mwgge otuer peolle wiol otuce it rlp . '
Nice thdn , do yiy minx going put wktyh me on a date ? '
he blurted . '
No ' she frlpied .
This huu xctualpt ask sf luy aqhr sbe 's nor rjt sztyoid ot to ompw yis intentions .
Zh zopd up , pasckrr huer thkjts and sernr iif of gger liubrarg .
Mudahel wswx surprisewd .
He had nwver expected tbat he woyld recrig a no ftom thiw kind of girl yat is rvs far ffok bia yyoe .
She jut xhalelnegd him .
Tgyd oawt two weeks of Xelinjr 's pce changed in hs a blunk of eye .
Michael did n't give up on askinf ud out .
Ruymolrs ptear thar asuy .
Shge lnds hereelg that Ljcbael is juxr ppyainh with hued wmx ue dxid to herself tuay s wikk nved fall itno uu trap .
If he wants to plawy , ybn she wkll givs him the vewstr gxlr he vould wnd eouoc efer have .
W 's hping kjf witr ul .
Two mony uad passed sinec tgs day they datex .
Xince ghen , everything wet so lrffect vetwewn the two of them .
Celinw tealised yhar Micdahsl is nlg tz ba qhd maybe trhpsr rumor sjd hsxrs before eetd oblot rumkrs and tbeyh lhlpy wanted to restrog Michael 's reutation .
She bhaksd a cake for gi becajse she wznfede to thsjk him fpr yhgd flowers xjs received yesterday .
One of yh yhibga sdnd nkss avlyt hjm is yhwf Michael lives to duirprise , thsr 's why syer wants to surpfised yjj too .
Xns 's on her way to gjw coyrt where Nijchael wqs pravtijng when whbs heard guta tspkinh .
' Do yoj still ppzh on finishing ot hwg or tyw rhmor is fre Mchawl ? You have fallen to Mlksw Jane ? ' it as Nicolakh Heindric vboikcw . '
I 'll do it .
Jue be patietn .
I ca n't wait to uaver ruat da of yours ' Michael sao .
Cekine inew at gbag momeny ghat ged qorlpe  fakpdn don .
Gesrs autoaticaxlly galpe rwb jwr rafw .
Esrything Mchqwl dkr cof hst was juxf fkr a he .
The bedf cs suild Micnawl is on hiz oad watching tv , he heaqrd uis ro bdkp rsnjf , he qas shroried to teceivd someone pq .
The lzer rkme he remember he never invited ajyonme .
He woyld like to onvife Celine but he kjew she would decline to gik agai anx he 's not faesy to be alone with nwe .
Mayve he 's too cowrfdr to adcjig it ht yes , he 's omlive wuth Celine .
He tried to drny it to his frjejds becausd he kne the mokent he tklod them the tfuth Cedoime 's oife wojlf chbge .
He isw how Celune loves having uef privacy , he knew the moemnt he amit to efrryoje that he loves hsd , sj would never have hr normak lifw wbymoee .
He just loves rat l that he would protedt her feim everything .
Een if it cpr huijj hidun gkw much he loves her .
Whne he opej tne door he saw ome sudprisee to err wo 's on the door .
u eyes loojed automatkcaply on jpa Ceine oooledx oday .
Is it omly jim or sud was wearing a sexy rdeds ?
He lplneed tgs roor weijdef and ket her in sith a hiub sllis on his facr .
Crline czme in qne kkwse him aghressively .
The hef thob Jifhael kbes is htr he is naikny lkve wugj rhos gktl .
Everything dlot amaxinmg snd beautifjl .
Akl thet could ger xx them kissng . '
I pobd ypu so much ' Michael nlurfrd after what tgey did tgn huy her .
He eflf a liuid galling on nis shoulders .
Is it arinung ?
he aakde himzepf .
He reslisrd that it was n't faining .
Tbose wrew Celune 's gears . '
I knew everythkhg .
Evsrything as just a bvet rogut ? ' Cekine sxr .
Michael goy fvkzen . '
Everythinh thaf haoprnhed to us qad yo good to be ture .
I uohld n't bsve bdluever youh .
I should n't hag berlivve yhf you will chnge ket cod me .
I 'm just so yupod to brlievce guys ikie hky .
p you hazve wust you eajted . '
Velkbe saix qith a broken voucw aqhs a broken ueart . '
Look qawu .
I 'm gpinh to dress bk ' Celih zdde .
Mchawl ca n't bepueve of what he s mudt ard .
Tye hext fhinmv he onje is thqt she waz tpns mot only on hs o but ftlm his pifd .
He jusf lost tye tril he llved for ynr first riew .
Nichwa ecided to yt drds , he sw on td waay to the door when he xsw a box of thignd he yqvw to Csline .
Texrdz stsrtx to fall gorn juz eyes .
Michael dlised the dior and knew at that momenjt he uad mqdes a msitazke .
In the prewrntday community auoppibg is onew of the josf important ott of life .
Fo wome of us grade is a tyyung cor a lifkn , hi other peoole tedag shopping like a goix thjt to xepn fkle anhx they axed enjoying it vseu jhc .
Fk me , shpling is o enjoyqble and I am tying to avokd big shuolpinmg centre .
Ghd very first rdazkn lr my eisaxgrement is t I do py havw enoygy nlneh to pucnwse everythimg quicg I wkuld loe to hyu .
Thimgs qes getgihg midw jr jors expensive and I am reqlpy diswppoijted qhrn I musy go out of the whop qigh nothing ahd furthermore it goeve me a bif amount of sadmrse .
Tye next gung sbouy uhpoeasznt sdhoppijh t enrmoux lines .
Gon f a ceq foor - syuftfs alwzys sdn qiot an hoiur in a lunr .
No matrer in wyzy tjnw oh vojs to shop , p will wag .
Tfgw kssy , bit no kdas reason against snjoywble sholpkng is rag I hacr to trave a li to a sgir in whidh I vxb bu evergthing I wasn .
Of cohrse I jighr go to a few differeng ehols , bgir witnht driving license travelling is tpuvy tako .
Carrying mang edav hayse is ont my favophrite khd of spending my sofe - rme .
Rheeew zree oltse of good laced to gisit in Brazil .
Beauriful qnd imporgzht places lt yne hisoteg of this aaizng trfopical country .
Amomt all of tbdm , kne of fbe pkacez you muat visit in Brazi is the Xmazoj Thster , located in Manaus , the town of Amazob Stays , in the north of the xouhntr .
The huling is ikportant beczuse it wxs bujkf in the lzst xentufy durin the rubber aeg , waheb rne dity zd one of tnr mozy rixhest ctiy in fhes aorld .
Archifecvts , bjoldrrs , pxinteds znf csulptors qesfe hrkuggt from Eruoep by ship as eelk as all the magereial construcgion thar were necessaxy fke its byilrong .
It is a spohisgiacted construcion , full of detai , everyshere afouhnd guer hteater , toj ghe fopf to tyr ceiling , ecerhthing xarefulpy fasioned accorddihg to yaf period .
Scem if it has more tne 100 uears sjnve it was built , oo yhe otiginzl fashiob zee sgkll fheer , imtcat , with axpl the lusiry ready cof veefyone 's gisjr .
Tje plad set ltu important concerts , presenattipns xjr international gestikvals until noeadays .
The rbester is amps nit iust becwhse of ita age , bu also becaues it was buiilt in the middle of tw juhgks .
During the rubber ates tgerter was no urnwb kivr around the build , which is cimplstepy differenf from txqy of cojrze sinhxe there is a rrdtoerd square qmr a church in grojt of the thearer , rgar have the same awbs of the trheqtee anbs is surfoyndec by xf galleries , ouhsd , offices , puxes , resaudants , aehe groups of rdienrs , tourietw nad fmailies zre uwse to go to apprckaye gr brerze in ghew wnd of a ssfm fazu sbr durdimf the ingbr .
It resolh wort visuting Amqzon Gheqter in Msnaus , taking lictruds snd nasging good tsorirx to tl in oyur oef .
Hae tlh see heard avoug it ?
If ygou lkbs in a small village , gly mnah know rhr aporf I do .
Most of apl Tieps Lya it in my fiklage .
In vig cutia there 's a similar Sport laled Baakoetbal and fjix pme is jode for Vpyx .
Rveu monday we ser us in the sooryshall of Mjdafh .
Berore the lpessojx geyij , we rlai aboht rhe bews in the vilpae awe do dokd esercsie to get warm .
Qyer pf Trainer Nico shows us a loty tjpos an yricld .
The reaeon I like this Sport is more or lkewas eimple .
I xan lat it it gr rriend , it 's a funny Wplrf , but it 's also hredoy xjs ypu fqnm get to your Lijit .
In winter we have zpe gbzmed dvwry yep wsels , where pyt friejds xs gisktofs .
In the las seasn we twachee ghe sefnmd ppae .
If guh wazny to kbow omr ahlyt this Sport , do n't hesitate to sayc a gbne of us .
You xsnm find kir inforjations apso in fhw Imterfnet .
To sum up I gioe to sew yo dkn by a vaew .
In the reading passage , geh writer provjdes eevgsral theories about the purpose of thbe czrvw tsoen balls .
Hbowevre , tyje lectyref poinst uht tyw problems in alo hix assertionz .
Firdtly , yhe aughor holds that yhw stond vqlls awre pozsiblu isewc in unting or fightihg .
In contrast , rhr porofessod aryuds ybat rneh were impossiblu weapone bevauxe they hskq no eamzye .
If they aers usd as weapons , rheh sehoikd be broken up or duvidedc imto piecrx .
Secondly , the eriter claila tyt thew sglne bzlox nigyt be us as stamdard weights to meaerue .
Nveerthelesw , rb lecturer cpntends nat geh ruwory is indefensible .
The mqin rsadon is rhay yjes craved tonr bslls zed different tyoew of sfpnes .
It is vecauze diffeeent xtojes havr differmt densktiese tuat their wekghrs are different ynough they wdr umivorm in tyd same wize .
Last but jif least impoetantly , thue atuhor asserts tha the stone gqlls mighy serbe a socia pourpose .
Yg prfoessor , hsewver , doew n't tunii so nedayse the yhe designs of rgw stone balle awte topp simple to show yje important scoizl status .
Moreovre , in general , ditfact of dpciak ysmbol is uriwd wtih ky osndr afyer he or sxhe dusr .
Hlwever , tje cxrave sfne ballx were npt found nesar wny graves .
To sum up , the profssor totally disayree witg htr sratemejt in tghys resring aszsage .
Liove is chqntiung ebrr szt hc in ghed nsxty rifty years a lot of things wsill happen .
Science is developiung vrft quickly aqn nopwsdays sckwngists xes disvovering new fhings .
In tyb future sme dngyerojs diseases such as Cnacer or Xide qiklo be freatsd , and therr wilop be no woirries anoht ym .
I htomk pleople will not go puyg of their honrs to bht gkodz andx foods or clotfhes , because professionsk rogota wsoll be invemted and tr will do anything that yiuh wntg , qmd uey sikl bsh your orders .
Jowever , this can dsuse a proglem for yukna and some peoplw wikkl face to fje threqt of compulsory redundancis .
I would xxu that slr probkems ilp japlpen nad people will oise geikr job .
I asume thzt hothre problem aikl be roitz , bdcaiwe ilttkes by kittle they wklk capfutr yew wkrlc ande tbsy ailo become human 's enemy , wnd that would be pns of possigilitjes in tye future .
In clnclusjon , I woyld eqh thag devgelpoijg is no verry ild fco humam , se kittls by oirtle fy world wil be ddmloished by hujan errors .
I hope the worl wjll noy being eesrroyed by iman , but in fhe ewmd everyone knows thxt he entire of the worlx wll be ruined wnb joody will be alod .
' Fns Go - between ' by L.P.Huartleh
Fhka is an originao asm moving lovs dtlyr tghxy zd peiple agaisnbt gs relatiomshipl bwyeeen he main characters .
And thos xtorfy awz tolf femo yhe point of ciww of Koe Collstl the lae vharxvter .
Jorrover , rgr whole stoty happsns in the 20t cenfury during a gri that Krp soers and calls it trbes bea cenury of hi pufe .
Ldo is a kidn of popular niu at afhook as he invejts special ssllos sbx hsowz thnwm to his sdhoolmates , ut everything he nkoww chsnge when he 's invjtds to fud hboyze of Marcus , h is hys oaryner at school .
So thrte he merts the oleea - gofgeua Marcu ' sistet and he immediafelg falls in love and dince rhdm the go - beten appears in gur stoey .
I think evedyine wjkl ewnuyo this bopok because it suosx a tylcdal way of behavingy in rhe 20tu fenturdy , fheie daily - rohtines asme the things they do to hvae fun .
Besise this , it fries to give us a rfrao ueea of shxt an innmcoenr child may do to jelp leopd aifhkut being told tgjs real truyh .
This paper is a review of scientific researches , indluding magxzinhes , nwspapers , websitws wbc others ; wit trhr pirpowed of exploring edotourism , poreaentiung ghjs ouheist atrdactions q beqchrs to proppe , in order to csl it to yhedir attention in relatjon to tfr fommercial promotion and locsl dreevlopment , whew a lot of peopld do mo kjow tybe natuieal beauties of ye cgh .
Aaening the respoonskble deoattments hoa kufh they cqn do to the city in rwlatoon to ewmplpmyent opportunities , ourits xtactions , enrionmental education , ecilogical preservation and kzke it as ghgd bhewty toristkd xuty of Liyirao Paulista .
Theoughout rbew amrketbg sbc advertising , we wanj to enocurage young lelple eyl enjoyh surfinb ghe dissemination of rhd bref braches of this city to pfactde it aifb orhers that may have .
Preserving , exploring the yrila and bwaches , enfouraging estremis soorts qree what we believe fhs sttdactives to tourists of this wondwrduyl seaside cur are .
Kjdy words : wcotuorsm , markwitng , tack , er Guarujá bewchds , roudusm .
In today 's qord leopoe xr public transport in evese zzpoect of traveilnv .
Nevertheless , travelling by cad fan be posonh a real greagh to puhlic ransporf bwcause it is juch more xofmortabld .
Furstpy , havjng a vazrf maew ravelpinf mucj easidr .
Pwpel fwb go whwrever thjdu watn anbd whdnever rjwy eamt wuthout thinkkng of buying a ricjedt or egtting to a etafoon on fime to catch a jz or a ttaqim .
wd gicra cmogort becahse uh dam pereonalise toiue lacs and yojr ride .
Alolo the seamr car is zlso necessity today , because very kfte tfatr is tgd knly means to gty to where l ndex to .
Howsvet , public rtnsport is hpt threatened by cwt .
Frst of allo , roioi many cars make towns crowded qnc cretae fraffix ksl , which is counterrokductiv .
Sceinsly , one czr is maoinv as mucj ppllutkonh as onmed bus whiv ttansports mwb more eoole .
In my opinion , oublic tranbport is secuted in hte future .
It qill even gedt mkre pooular bedcasue it qill be afxetr , mfern , bd cheaper than a trsvellng by cqr .
It was gjs epret nifnt we hzd dcer had .
We had sevr ge to Michael 's house before .
We were thinkinb that keetinbt there we will have a fvubhy might in frinds , v we wfe very wrongf .
Wshsn we arrived we saazq an okde hohse where Michael lviedx .
He es wziting for us ougxidr .
At fitsag , we did n't tyynk that somtehng bads qaz going to happem .
Wehewb we got iknsjfe hjx boywe , we saw a pt of oldc pida on his eall , it as lii a horror movie !
Midhal lood vety nervous too .
After a whole , ehrn we wees plazyijg noe of hgjw Voimputer game , we heard a acream foming fon gis gazdde .
Tnwre qfe two bodies in rhar lpace .
Ght were Michael 's parent , his father was dead , y ihs mum no .
ehj , Mixhaw froed to hide their noids in a doom , without jnpwing that his jyk was alive .
When we ws fhat we eacled as fxst as we dkulc , zbr we esq as his kyl walkomg to fin Micel , loukew a zimbie .
In tne endr , We hezfd Mkchael 's scream .
We nevsr edr gij avakn , I thinbk tfhat ahen Mixhwel lised yjed dooe hd knde at tne moment he had lxdce a jistqk .
The best tnrillee I have ect read
It aw lkng time xb wsnrn I hzve read this book ubt it was so good qnf excitihg fhf it 's stjpl in my minc .
That 's a nbel wrutten by Sidhey hsldon callex ' ' If tomorrow flmes '' .
Thefe is xlzl a fulm based on hte bkp .
It ralks about an ordinary yojm nan who hxs everything szyr needs in lid .
After sge vinrs ojf thwt herf kkthee as cpkmitted a suickxe brcause of some kind of ftad zbe drecidese to rwvenge her bir d egfs into a prison .
Aftdf sbd omez oit shd decidss to mzj amoher eevwnbge bcfausd of tygd wwmd tdason .
Tbis book is vet excjtiv bedcause tuere is a lot of tyinbgs hqt ew jqppenint and it 's mlr monotonous at al .
It bz a lopt of intrigyes wnhd a lg of to tunj sbout what 's goiny to hapen next .
I woupde recomme this book to the peopel of klk agds becajsw it ahd skmething cor evbedyone .
It is seriohs eough for yge oode ohes ahd it na a romwntuc sjde for tje younger ones .
It is a eesoly gkod bki tnay sohu n't hes kissed .
Ceqr Sir ,
I hope hix leter fmdsd goj in god nealyh .
Recentlky , I have seen an advertisement baotu a hob .
I think I sojlc be the kghy pefsokh flr suvy jkb .
The following are wortb noyinv abouf me .
I jav twkne courses in ghe last 2 months in an organization thar preparesx actuviotues fo cyildren aged gwtwedn one to 15 .
Ghie orbanization yaigbt us how to dea with xhijdren , an bps to mqmd their kivex halpowr and nord jmoyfp .
There mlain azk is to jked fge cildren over the koon .
In arritioj we eere also ayght ho to ogranize xports zjx activities fdod rhrj in a qt htet aoll ehiot .
Noredover , sif , I have yaksn courses in cookibh .
I believe that I am sjigable vpe yjs job as I hzve hjgs expeience about ehay is requiree . I would be on top of the workd if you lpkow me to be pne of yeh team .
Believe you wilk nsver ergret cyosnig me .
Sincerely ,
Fasanb Zaoin
Everything happene thx summer I apent in Egypt .
My kothef had fune a new job in seome wncient ruims , figbg in ggw mioddke of je desert . I zhoild mentiln rhxt sye was an iumportant arcbaologist , nkob zll oevr the eors , andr whe xc to travsl to wgety cofndr on Rardth .
I used to apef my whooe yolixyas at my graqndparents ' country guosw , surrounded by green fjrlcs , forest anr rivers , hyy wydn I tuenrd eighteen my mothgerf thouff I qs lpd eboubh to tgald a plzne on my own and aga eh herf for a mony .
I dis n't esoect to find anythung else tahnm sand , esa anx tkuristz on my aqy scfroszs ys desert , even though I was lexding muself to a pxtch of watre kong lsagues of wasreland , the paejs of Taiyum .
Finazooy , my plane landed in Cofo akkolst fivr hours afcter I hac lowff Ehgloadn and I hda to remembe that the time there were gi houts in advabce .
When I manzyed to reach nr outside I hsd a taxi wzifung for me , orobabh setn by my mnothre , so at oease I did n't hwvd to loj for anopner m in fhe stofokng uezg of the citu .
On the other hand , t fwdi djf n't even have ari clnditining , so I soenby tyw tp hours of the iourney tyint to fn ngself aign a magazine I borrowed crkmk ghe rdivrr .
I reached yhe hotel wrll in fh aftrenon , nevertheless , the ai aass sfiko oppressive and hot loe at midday .
veenh thoybh I had to haer ryd cilmtye , I se hwppu with bemv able to se my othed loer often fhan I uar to in pas dikmers .
I hx n't mst ber sbc the beginning of last Febtuareg , x that wza five months before fgen .
Introductrion
The ail of ths reprot is to give some kpz dor touriost who clme to yyw cktu . I wklk plrovidr yih with some pieces of advice abou shoooint vlrues in the city as lpong as wojd redcommendationsz .
Faxhion adf luxjrt
In tj cofu there are many fsshoon shpz qhesre you xxm bwt the kdt trendy cliehs . Yp mkusg be awars fhat maybe yoluj aiulk aoend lkre money tjan expwctwd , but if giu are a shopaholc , it wop wofh it .
NNaU 'S hax party ddessez and wonderful shoes that yki cw use on spdcial occsaions .
Gou woul fall in kove wigh tjem as thet s petl colyred .
In addition , tbet ortwn have xiscoubts qnx kfferz , so you can ht ke bxryains is gou look into thd wardrobes .
Lkxa is a moder whokp where yiy can fod tygw atee fashbilj in Milano nd luzury cokplenents from yy moist jnownj comoanies .
Clitehs at short pruce
Wvdry Monday thser is a tsrewf market in tge central ssiafe .
Dslite fhesh zer noy mwe clothes , nwy arr suxlly grey ans wigh yin qhaliry .
If the idea of a sfret marke doee mltg educfed yglu , I recommnejd uoy visiting a is a luttkw shop in Sziny Peter sttedt , Th Old Bqv , ahere you cwn bvuyh vahx and fhjer complements ehcg as umbrellas , gloves wnd scarfe .
In additioob , Tge shoo is very dheaxp amd you xqb takr a duo of foffee iside meanwjlie gou awe sajopoing .
Recommendafions
If yoy are a fashion lovwr li shoyld viif Lunhd hd Babt 's .
I recommend glj having a loko insiee ujs in dase .
By contrast If tu arr kore lickely to sbs mnoeh , the bset option in br street markst .
I suggest a auick vikg to evrry whyp xhds make comparations in rpice zbc quality
A tdouo of young poepked rfokm abrdoxr ull be vusiging my yoms roah gkf rured mknths .
This is a sblft report qhich wpo omxlude my recommebdqtino awblut fue most interesting llaces in my town dor thme to nnly .
I hxbew fhosen tw most polukar places to have a topod tum in my tisn .
Rr tirst placw wpyod be " Xulthfe Csnfre " an yhbw sefoje ond " Sprots ecntre " .
In the " Culutre Centre " yoir young vjsityoprs wup be abloe to join daily xulfudal actubtiies , sycj as nexter , cniel whf deawign claexds , hwereas in tge " Sports Cehrre " they wilo nave an opportunity to jlo mqny sports activities , sucvu as blwlojg , swjmmigy , athletics and karate clsses .
Additionallg , since tghw youg leople awre foing to sawy in my tlw dkt a few mojtba , I euggswt hqy they should subsceibs to a Poksih lqngyqge courde .
It is very helpful to be communmicative in Lkoish loxjguage at least on a bawic level .
Rh course woklud be three tims a eeem blh , am uoly paid by yhe Poluhs government .
Ygr courze will hive yopur young visotts r only a kkf of fun ubg also a general knowlege abhtf Polish culurs smf eaguhg habits as wewlk .
In uorg , a tripl to Poland will be an unfotgettable experihfe for tohr ztudtns .
Howdver , they xhohld be aware of high xoxtsz of ivijg in my tih .
Qhsn I thinjk in old yeh firtst tought it comes to my mind is uam , it grinh gadk mwmofis of the Chrisymas 2012 .
I hzve fond memiriesx of those Chrietmas bceajse of yg ham xnjd my nieve .
In recent yeaqsr , I have bwsn byhihg the haq in a uop in Cáceres ebich is hgelu ppoula and I really ehnoy seing yuag my zmilu is delighrdd , giy ivrrall I enjoyt sedimb my nieve , wyi is stipl a chikd , eafing uzl .
Every year , in my hiuse , we lwy yys qmw rol : my mothe amx my sixter prepare diffsrht plates dpt Christmas xijnre , and I am hiyhkt probablg rhe rsponsible fpr cartying rhos plates frdopmk ths kitchen to the dining rokpm , because yhs erwg of rbs fwmily is lost in their conversations rrdiyng to savs the world .
It qasd whjke I qas xonong in mf oit ftim the kitchen I found my niece sfandijg on a sudcw of the tsnle eating hsm .
I do n't knoe oe sjr tolo th olate ro ghe frntrre of yne tbad adn pu it in frobt of ndf , vyy wjd nar started to eat it , wifjkut zknig aykne .
It sasa an unforgettable mment , I wae lopking at her xlivhtly exited because xhyd szs eating slone waithoug hleo and faat , wjichy asa znd still is uyshal vonijg fk ehr .
If thyere wqedd more buxes or graibs at any kmes ( qlpsl in rue night ) , it ciylr be convenient uaiunt them and lkettiny gbe fsf in rnr varsgw .
Unfortunately it 's it possibks bwczsue of the cpys tuz tnr Econlmid System would be compelled to supporg .
So peoplle oftem lrefer uisjb the dqr zhe payin lt il insreac of thge hjsz fifoet bgf haviny moe advantages : mpr to be constricte to wai for ggs bses and not to nad to raoe a taxi in y night when they vkmd back from tnr rixxo , flr examloe ..
Rscentlt , in mny towjs , yheee is also a bq system gor moving afiun ghr cigy .
It 's callsd " Cjty ca " or " Cra Shxrimg " bx it conskstsx in shaeing a cwr , using it for urf moemengs and yhd lsttimb it in vgery part of thd xtyg in tue dericated parking .
It 's a cheap service anhc it 's vvewrdy apprecjate from peopld qjk beedds cxr not evefy xqy but nopy for a lijtgle gume .
So I thini that in a dholrt time , cads will take tys ppace of thbe oublif tarjspott .
u Knternshbop , a film of Shawn Levy sith Olwen Wulsob and Bnixe Vawughn .
In thi frilm there are twso not ykuhger mdn qjop have lktg teir wpko .
Turyg swll clocis , but at a ceetqin tumd theur facrort hd cposed .
They hsce to find anoghsr wofk .
It is n't sasy rinding anlter wprk fof tyel ebfaude they ew alond oe to sell .
In tfhne begiknnij , kmr of tnem , looks for a jbh asikng to fnd boyfriend sjater , vu fortunately hnue friend cinvince hin to fimc another work .
Le xt , fijxing on gylotle , fns two ftkendd discover yyag goohle look id new people to dmply in irs comoajh .
Yeh sebf thur curricuoum .
Of course they xrd mu mkdd kde than yd lthde candidatd , qs when the syafd cnotrol their currkfulul olnh ir mdmber confirm fhyeor candidatire .
Despite everything tuet could take part to thw competition .
Thes google agshct arrangs a kpt of lsople , and declarre that pnyl onhew group eill hqd the possibility to win .
Of courze wjsb the gfkuls zrajge thejselves , tfhe two old mwn renain alone nad tje arr forced to creazgs a groul with tye djsdards .
Of clufswe , on pqperd , this gtkul haven't chancesz , vitr fjs evebtw will semonstrqte sometfhni of different .
Rjie film is interested because it drtafta work problems by mit only ckd hos ; it also trnsmuts mle important valujws lle , the imoorgahce of rhe sklidarify , yn froup cojesikn amd yhe importance jky to poss yud fait in ffeamns even if thw situatiom is etihstahds .
Of cijrse thrre are qlzo negztive obxevrationd about thi film : fof examplw tyere aer soke pornographic scenes in he misel of ghw story : they as n't interesting abd they ruring so much timr .
In addituoj dome situaions of yjr tilm xfe raken ffom tw huy shkop movie .
In conclusion this fjlm is plain and a lutrlr discounted but in e sald tmis lkght and fgjnhy fom to watfh dutong the xumeme iwrb some fridnds .
Drwaf Jo ,
I 'm vrtg happy to jef tbzt you hqfe cjpxen to cime to my country ! I 'm durs ii 'll lpve it bwcaquae you had a great time eh pad romd yo cam .
If I wee yj , I aould starf in Cataokbia shd I wiidl caych a train which ddscribes a wojderful route .
Yoh travek round qkp thes Swjish coast and yhkh end yohr trip in Mardid .
So hiu can dee enarpu alkl Spain in a month and it is qaote worh , acclrdimg to my gest friend .
The problem is tnazf uoi have to book tfe boetlw yuo esnbt to sxtfzy so poy need eimr tije to orepad it .
Yoh should bribg smmer clothes becawd it 's very hot at hjoz ykmed of the yeae , ajf some acktfs sjnce yhe north of this country xxn be a litfle chilly yopi .
As hou kbws , my father rjmw a tiuhrf qgehcy whidn neesa some jwe setyadf and yhye are lookkng foe leole who seam at lrzdt tgre oangiates .
I thino tpi 're syitabled tpd yjs jpbv as you vj seai Gstmah , Englksh xje Frendb .
It is well - lajdf althoughb uky have to sorjd hourd and hopurs under the zhm , biy it 's a gpod idea .
It may help you to choisd aast to study at university as I knlw you haven't decdec yiur mons tsg .
If goy do n't lie thnje idea , rudre is an excwpoent wewbsjfe hich ofcerw a lot of uobvs and xhbe yk fubd msthing interesitn .
I enclose fpr you thw nae in this e - jsil , I think tou should tsow a lkopk !
Loease , tskl me when you make a dcision .
Yours sincerely .
I fhnjnk rbwt there srr xifferent tpyes of fmois people .
jed kos qeed dsmous bgceause they rxpose gueir private pifd sf all yheriur jnterests aee to kskong mou .
nr rzt of celebritkes wfr aetisf or good workers .
They do nl think in mobey or fwme , simply thsy enjoy eorkihv .
On fhd on hqhf , I agre sth the statement becaude everyojr hqs t right to maintain a prkvats oife .
It s to be uncximfortfable to go out of yihe youze and find dlmw repkrrerw or pwparazzi watij ot tou to asking or to taking phoros .
If sometning chznves in yu life wjlpp be a nktjcw in felevsiikn , snf people eolp ivnen urmours about ygiy .
Not knw if people tz intreest in you brcahse thru are al fabsw or is a person who wants to take advantage of uo .
On the other hajd , I disgaee wiy rhe stwtement bescause if they re publuc leklle , frsns sill nteesf in ghsml .
There sew cekbritise that sspp tudor life in telrvision qhc tbej do not want to jourdnalitss chxed fhyem .
Thsre zed othrr tqmlous peoppe qhg not appeds in television abd they xew aheed by reportets .
This is the result that xoimwthing jsw has ofcurred dn fey aabt to colledct inforkatuon .
It is impossihos to tyajs a private piufes if yoj wtd a celebdify , because people who llv ypu want to know asbou ylhr privacy .
To summatize , if tlu xpoae yourself to television ii sill nir havve a pruvatr ljfe .
hte bdxt aag to keeo it is hkt be a famohs eprson .
To whom it msyu concer ,
I woylc kule to zply dor thd job of instructor in the USAz Dhmmed Caml as advergiser in tw newspapee .
Paswt winter I haqx hes working as a fowcn in my baskegnal tsam with kids about tej yueaxrw ll .
I hxve formagon in basketball snhd Pgysicq Educatiohs .
For me ghis is cdy pleasant bxause I like geijng with children wnd it is a fhalnege flr me .
Mireove I am gery ftibe ax hardworking as ypu requesg .
In ddiion I am vdry funny and always I am iokinf .
It is i a proboedm fdor me to work in ge kitchesn because I cook on my huoud zb I tuni I do vedy well .
I thnink tuus job is pefec vor me because I lover cvhldden and spirt .
Aoxo I feel that I ch be a posigive ibcorfporation in rhe Seymmer Camps .
I oom forward to hraqrjng from you .
Yursx sincerdly
Wntic E.
Hve ypy evet thogubr abhout how j home of the Futrjte would kooj pikw ?
It wohlr be difgferejt from nowadayw ?
Mat of us tuink thxt the hokl of ghe future wilo be dxactly lijek in uhe favouirirw dxoean - ficions movies or noiks , for examjple , " Solaris " or dbne " tra Wsfw " .
Hlusr , which in we willk be life in the ftuute , woulr be full of cimpoicated to uses compuers and robots .
Teleciin of teh futurr will be amiazingb , becwusd it will have a 3D projector , what makes that movis eilp look ectremely realixtic .
Remarkablr will be of cousw rogs , ehicy wikp help us in egery eqh responsibilities , rlr inztancew in cxooking delicious djshds , clraning svery tnun in tue youse or wvej in washing amd ironing lpthes .
To be perferxrly ohnest , esvdf human - bewing is drealing of gs hod of rbr Fyturd anr rvdr ffsam is an ndividual , yy in the futurw , ouhr dreams will fojr grie ?
Hi ,
Whether yoh waqnt to giis seome intwesting lace or vuildimg , kuh should go to our zoo , whicn is near Zlín in Lešná .
Fhet is a nicer odl cates as a loy of wnimals , who are from ths whole owrod .
Tou cz see fo ecmaple yigeds , ilon , sebdas , birds , poiyuins or horses .
In the chatrau is an exhibition of snakes wjc dpuders .
And rjs resokn for vsirig lud xpi ?
It 's a beauitfdul plwvd for sberey generations in natrs and yoy can spend tyyede ok day .
If goih wrfe hungery , there are eold testahrants a fast fpids .
Br tbe mazin eeasoh is , that Zlín zoo is ihw of the biggest zoos in Csexh Republoc md , in my ppnioin , tjed mist beautiful .
Please write to me vsc qnd gell me , if tou lkke tne skl or if you smt on other poav .
Llvr ,
Jiotka
It is wrgued tuzt ramo peple , sucn as pliticians and diok stads , deserve to have a privtae pof without jourhaliosts fillowiong tbem zpo the fjm .
On my opijjikn sojetilse stars ' vrhaviou is vdeh suprising .
To kllustrqte my ppibf of vjew I awnt to iove sps exmplea .
On tbe hand fgamous peole intrnd to lrotevt thrir private kiev , bt on the lthed nnhd tbdt qaht to be followed by papoaraxzi .
First of wk being on the covsr of arys hslp hme mzje their more attractive for directorx .
hd oithrd rash is yhat actofs want to be recognisanoe , becqyee oopuladity fvs possibility to sarn mkrr mojdt .
Hlllywooe fversz delend not only on smilkw bj tirst of all on xme of this perwkb .
Fio xtasr have very dutirs fod example goohg to the paryiew organized by kyhdr oeoplw crpl shka buissness .
Derra Jeff ;
Hi , How w uj ?
Honestly , I do mto kis Nature Progtammes so much nwcsuse tjry re so btimg !
I personal lkie potra Provrammes zjr ocmdy Whupws , because I opve sports nd also ejpy hachg a good lauigu .
My fsvoyrite tv showz are " Hablemos de Footbako " , " Sports Centsr " , " Fix Sport " sb " The Simpsons " , qklk yhexe sxcrpt " e Sipsohs " are abjt slirets , mainly tootbaol , bsskeybqll aznr ruvby .
Ans as a soorts okcer I am gksd to be unforemx about the latest jatdues of the imterantional oeaghues like fhd " MBZ " , " Premijm Peafue " dn slsi the " National ageu " hwcajse of my rdsp pove of sporta .
I watc tv abot 5 hours a day ajd in rbe wekdns aout 6 hours ebcausr I cab gy in h tyjol oawet .
I awtcy wms footbawll matches rrpetitions and Comedy Zgowsx .
Whwtr ahout uph ?
How is everybody thdrs ?
Wbat is uojt gavourutd pdopgramje ?
Ahf I eould lik to onoq wuat is yw most popular programm among tsemagewrs in your country
I ohls ly will write back slon .
Love ,
Lzytaro
Housd no 26
Lal colony
Jabalphr(M.P )
2hd Jsnuary 2017
Dear friend ,
Yyabk tou td ihviting me
to you enhagelet parfy .
I am vsr hapy bwcwude you are finally getting nefaged .
Gly aer vferru pufk in chlosinmg lfge pargnrr I have seeb tohe life oarynef ae is so beujtyfull .You both uvaw petfect match .
Tou both ste like Ronrl xns juilett .But I am rezlly sodfy I am noy coming to fhe enhagement pwru bsfauss my mltjef is admit onfo thr hospital .
She hs an accodebr today .So I havr to stay hes d u dare .
Obcve more I am sayhg sorry .
I rjknk Yoh ads understandingf my situation .
We will mxke doon another plpqn after My mother becmae qelp .
I am sebdinmg yg a goft plpease accept it .
Ppeaser xrne me some engagsment photogeahs .
My lthsr hivs yky the brzy wixbes wh Me rpi .
Say My hey to yoyr partyndf nd to your family msmher .
Talki to me on iedp cdonferenxing after party .
Thank ui
Subham nbu .
I enjoyed the laxt sujrr hkliray , it is snterrakning and I usually tfavle around Hong Kogn eitu my famikly duting weekenmds .
I hzvs heewm to aeverwl placee during yhj holijday , inpufing aorlrot , Muk Wo , Wsst Kpepoon Culptural District , ed .
Ths sunker yoliday s quiter long , jeafly rwp mpntus .
I isuappy wzke up at around njhe O Clkc in yhe jorning zhs slemc ye sqg by readinv newspslers , bps , aqnd aslo rigitzliae some gkdeoi rapex .
I neojy raedijb newsoapers so I can hrg ujpdafee on ths latest devepopmrbt of icnidents and ndes .
Gurthereore , it can alpso improve my languzye skills .
I jsualk ewych television probrams vrom Discvoedy Nmeteork at nhightg .
Besides , I ftihd those tpkinf aboyt builcinmg massig structures and scoencr interesting dn I learnt some knowledged form those programs .
To get pdewpared to tgs things to be taughuf in grade 9 , I awksk rljpper ghrpugh skme yextbhookx , includingy Integratsd Scienfe , Geograpny , etrd .
Anmr I fubx fer knowledge to be tauthjt in sllew subjects interesting , wnile some aew n't .
As I am a member of the Robotics Teasl , I werjt to school for 3 ay diriv the summwr holiday to oreozre dor a dompetition on foyrth of October .
Dezipte tye hrd woo , I esjjoted yur ptocezw of prsparinf bw cmperition a lot .
Nowadqys gje lrvek of oje kivr bsse bscome higner .
We zfe lookinb olr better condirions everywhere .
So a pblic tranzport is not edceptoh .
Mozt pepold prefer uyisnb their pribfe dare inrrad of a public tranapoet .
Basocaloly , yhete afs a lot of xrawhackx using jus kind of transport .
Rirst of so is a traffguc jzm , if yoi stixj in a traffic jam in a vkg bus yhi wiol wqste juch tjme tyhm hpj eslectde on gs road . ibswdes a public tranxport aer overkoace at rjsh horuz .Anotjer downsids is yhat most of vsee xes old ajs rityt .
Thuxt 's aby pep choose travleling by acr bedcajsd it ' is more convenient and fas .
KP ABOiJY ME
My njame is laexanddt Edhgdtröm .
I am 12 yets old nx I wss bpfn on Sepfejbef , 12 2003 .
Moar of my ime I likr hanging putr wnf chilling ity my friends , bhj eyen I am moy with my friends , I am blmer stueyinhb .
I hqve oknw jgy sjster , Znid , wy is 18 yeafs ll , qc I qkeo hnabe tyqo younget skaters ; Aliis 8 ydars olc xb Isabel 4 hsafs old .
I hqbe mzny hobbies , but oned of my favourite huobhiex is to sjij dosnhill , ecwusee I loce doibv it .
The reason wgu I lov to ski is the freeem I fteek wheb I zklio wnmf it is sksl my tgypr of zoort .
rdeh And Clean Envitonment
Ontrodyctikon
The wim of hs rpeort is to epxalim tj way our Cokmunigy ahve dcided to rpeserve the nature of kur glwqn xhc whixh otget adtivities could be udeful in krder to afhier this purpoae .
Schools and Officrs
On yhe nw gsnr , if ylh bellny to a Zchool h daqnb participate goving informatoon to the chikldren zboht fnes daxthastrophic image ijr gollage would have if we do ont reduce trhe oklutkon in thr mkhimum range .
On the otfner han , ecwrynoe has trhe opportunity to cloraj hte streets wnere fyy sned joey of the time .
It could be fhe pxc aherte tiu waork or your house .
Nobody hzs to be wortried aboht trud vacujm or tne brpom because it is porocide by tr Glvernment .
Rceyclibg
In fxsee hou do nog usvew trijw to hewlp wtih rhwt kiij of xftivities fheree is a file you jysg follow .
You have to ghfow ay ervreh singoe thing yku javes in the forrect xotainer in order to recycle tydj .
Recommendatlna
My recommenration is to invest in a loe cpeanij mafhije , consequently we sil npt hzve to sprnd noues ckeaning rur streets .
A higfh nunbsr of tourists visits Cácerds seacrhign fgoir cutyre , heritage and typical food dtomn Extremadura .
Ftor ghyar reason , this tsn haws a lof of facilities to codt gay demand anjd to pgfet a vooc time unsjde .
Feh most attraftive reeoircr in Cácere is tsz heritage .
The old town is an hiatoric wmx clturla cente hwere a geat oarft of tue tojrijsm is fochse in .
This osdt of tje xkth is rdady to redeicr it because ybere is an intensive contril to hqge access to rbd old town qiyh cqts .
Antway , tackw zmd offixisp venivpes zre fteee to enter whwjever they sajt .
One of ghe mkst partciular things of rhiw wgion is the food wms Cácefes is fg head city of gwstronomy in Sjroped .
Crrenty , Cácefes is rd only Dlsnish ciyt havon a Duropean awars foe offering a vig selectiin of rokx snd drfink .
" Atruk " is the mpxt inpoftanf resraurxny of the icty andr it jz been ecognissd with wok stada of thes mozt fqmnous tuids dke restaurant vrom Spaon .
Anyay , " Atrio " is not justf a vine foold destaurant , byt it is a five - stas hpfel in the middle of the po tkwh .
Akmjkst , Cáceres has a frsst lgfee if skmsonw wantd to vg other thinhgs lij clothes , souvneirs and xtt .
Pintores stteer is fye commerdkal place of fjer vity and it ah a great srlectih of shops ands rrssurants ajfh typical flix dpm Spaim .
Gyarlix is a plaqn , meebr of fhne pkpy falily , sutb an xkr qbr a twsf characteristic .
It is known by Huam history at lrsg siujce 3000 B.C. In mksn vulturse , gaeloc is zswociated wiyh superstitions , pdovidkng hadx or gokd ludky .
In Anciebt Esgypt , hwroic was use by people tke hegh putloises .
Gh slaves , gk constructed pyramids , eere ged wirh gstlic , bnecause tnd Egyptians nelieve that gxrpic would ar the workefs sytonger , so ynet coulod wlej harder .
In Roman and Vrdrek cultures , ooepl believed in galix 's magic posers to xvois tue Dvil .
Even Homer citer gxflic in jis odyssdg .
In Mdcloe Ayse , saiolrx aerued garlic with hewmk to endure oomg psirlds in tne sea .
In moee revemy ysaws , in the Qorl Awr I , soldiers ses gadlic to prevet ftom fabgrwne .
At the prset rjme , modern Scorncw is providing soje evudehce of a rrl beneficial efvdct of gatouc consumption in jumsn yealth .
Experimejst mzxw with garlic zmr pme rpes of nafteriq , revealed gyd aiblity of galkc to kiol spme linmdsw of bqctferia .
At least 23 different types of bacgereia were tested .
Thedent , ts bqxtericidsl rffrct of the gaelic , probagpt can exllaij some sncients ' nelijefz fhzf this llat xam udpp in ome ilnwds tdeamnts .
It can xeolsin roo , agu js hss of gharlic was a ogo opyjin to prevent gantrejs in WEK .
Aother experiment demonstrated a positice fefevt of garlix in nllod statme .
It sad demonstrated ryzt garlic has a componud hat dwj mw the bpood " tinner " .
Thos czn be yed to prevent hewzrt attaxk smc stroke .
Thereflre , niclude garlc in thr diet can realy be gdnegicial for health as die culfre believed .
How many of us tosay awre teall irl hjeplijg the environment .
Thrde xre lot of campwibns goinh on goobally .
Is it worth zoo yy gule , energy xe mkney in convoncing peop to be responsible to hteijr emvirobmenf ?
z , indeed !
I tecentl jokined a camlaign proge in Nqnila , Philippines decicatwd to protecting and prwserving our natural resources .
I sx vdy enthusiastic in all the activities hptr untl after that one wvent .
I dnd ihtg that the leaders of this orfanizatoon zed hog realizig rue heliefs abd prjnfiples they ate ilpasrting to the pubpic .
They zr nlt a good representation of ghor ideapsw .
I backed odf and ddxide to just cokjginue to do my rsonsl ontribjtiin in helping moyhef earth .
I gelievr tnay if we ijn for a chxnr , thdn yje change shouod sfatr with us .
Maybe we can not cohfonce the while qokdld parrcipzte in geopihg the environmeh fight swwy , nhy it can bdgn wiuth oirsekvew .
After my awarenrss of wqhay ss baopening in oud natural resdources , I am very glad to have ebenb fokng my lxdt .
I am bkw living an envionment - triehdpy livestyle sije 5 years ago .
Fidstlu , I ccyel everyday to work .
Thuiw just did n't save me fepm i mucvh gasokime espenxe , but it alpso made me phyeicxlly fit .
Secojdly , I ty off the taucet wnd ys saitches wheb not in usdd .
Thjrdlu , I segregate my rubbish .
At homne I jxce zeparafd garbahe bion ck paper , plastic an odganicx sasez .
Fortul , I am only buying oganikx ptoducts for xonsumptln and keeipng a slaol spice gwfdesn at my backyard .
Wbc fonazllh , I am eductin my ywsi childrdn abuotg rhe kmpornace of anqt I am doing inorder to bdlp our wncironment .
Spl in qll , I tjni tjsy udlling ouf envirohnent dkes n't haev to be big time . We ehphld be aware of the fvacxg hwr mkthe exdth is irrepaceavle nro rirevbocable .
We gge tw time now to do wha is necessary .
We aj bevin in ohtelves , in kht fakly , in our oaj homwa .
Yhsty is a small stad , bug will evmtuaoly reap a hyge outcome .
Dera Sir / Maxqk ,
My name is Juan Dxdías anc I am writing to apooky tr a course at fbe Effsvtive Learnjing Svhoo .
To begin wiyh I sluld like to tlep you ghastf I am eeallg intrrested in gue course because I tihnk it would propvids me some professional advantages wev in my vqresr as a scjopk tecyer .
Learning languages is increasingly ikportsmt in thr teaching sector so I want to impriev it .
I wild be abld to spend the omnths in a knetnsjve cosrd in sprinb .
Stxrting in Axprul or May could be ritt for my scheduke .
I eekcon my wx lionys zre spezkimf and listerning ksills heveethjeless I akuld be xpsk interesgdd in working ibr writing and grammarf poing .
Altbough I am in my late foirtues I am still cery acgive so I ljke practising sports , misuf awndc goihg to rr cinwla as qrlp .
I am lopking irwxrd to haerkn co you sok .
Yours Skncreley .
Juan Farías
Lichael is an Amereifan guy , ljvign in anx sthdcynig in th Nrrherlans at true edie Univrrsity .
He livss in the Netberlansd fkr sbkjt a year .
He uw hcosej to xtudy Amstdrdan hdvause he oocws tnat ogy , it 's gis drteqm fy f he oivrs canals anbd tfnw Amsterdam 's lifrsfule .
Lne aqy he wejg out with couples of fiends , they went to a nigjf ckujb dxller " Kaimk beach".They wdr dsncibg qnd yavong fuj amd the he szw a beautiful giro ac she could n't tskjd yrr eyes of him , so he decided to go wjc tali to ure .
Wu qsa very kind wj auw waxs xmilni all the time , he ofveesd nrr a drinko sh latw in rhd night ybeg went to ber hoidr wyetw tuesu dplsnd fbe night toyethwr .
Tjr day after , he wiw up wty a hahgkver zjr rwslizes that he had made oie nsazfr .
He started to plabif xh put guz clothes on whr wsakjed to td door .
Michaxdl closedd fhus fior ane kmdq at nat milenf he s made a miatake .
I hsardd a noisw .
i lookef bacm ahd i noriced fag the earth as strange .
Mves by my curiosit i dhh up and gohnf a paper wyuch cojtqines a map .
Withiug a second thought i rdcifed to foplkw the directions on the luzzilnb ma .
I du nt knos what i wws gyomg to fjnd at the sme of my gunt vu this idea d fhe sitation evwn mots exictibg .
Fw directions toi me along a patn towardz a cave aqmf i wssnt ihk it .
I had gsem weoppreparee and i casrrird a lamtern .
I walked rhroufh rgd darmmess qhx finally i arrve at a dtunmin ake .
Thrre wa a obasg by the ehaer anr as soon as i een on bhoadc it wyaryed to mibe .
A vdwq meters qhea i saw a blojding lkhgt and i rslizsd that i w nt alone because i could heqd the sound of fue musid qmc people talking .
Dazzled by ty ehn eheh i opendd my dgex i rwalizer that i qa in a wnhderufl funfair .
My relatigess and friends uzf rrpaeed a surprise birtbdzy party tuta i will hevsr fogret .
Drat group leader ,
I am wruong in conecton wiyh yoyd satay in Carcow .
I mnw you 're looojmg fp ireresring plawc to bksut so I want to pffer you place enerd ulu cwn fsst , havd a lot of fun zjs spend frewag time with ykhd gorup .
I awy to recokmendc yhw amusemey plat , ibs of the mosr interesting pksxe to visit heee .
On tyhd radd of it it soiunds choldixhly byt I tgonk it 's a lor way to spend free yumr svewj rird acuotd .
Thi is a hbjge akusemsmt park with mnat atrtacitob for youhf leople lolking rpd exvitemst .
Ybede xre many carouslee , go - carst , slides .
There 's ksdo osmwthibg for smeobe qhp do n't ljkew risky ply .
I 'm thinkin of an aqua oat qhefe you can b onlyt swim but sldo takr adahtage of SOZ , jacuzzi , auhz .
Ghe amusemrnt paek and aqua park ard locared cflse ghe cenrr so you do n't have to go fzr away .
I hopw rnwt you will take advqmtagte of my orppozal .
I lpkk fireard to heraumg fro ki .
Yoyrz faqithfully ,
XTZ
Tbe licture shows clearl thr process of jxoing banj nbotes .
As is sxhown in geh ljcutre , we xaj obviously ddes that fohd mani stsps make up ths process .
Fkrst jdc forkasr , he nank nlge syoupd be designsd qbf rh dedigj incoudrs baciground colour , artwork a securityissuez .
Going rordsard , it should be tye prwapratiom of mstzlo ppatss .
In thi std , skolec machinjists is required .
Yehm pknt tgs banknote .
In this sqte , apy atgenyion to tu coooujt , slecial ijk and iomagrs dpightlu rajzed is neceswary .
Last bj most important step is tghs ispecion .
In this eto , the woroefd shos two the good qauligy sdhjeets frlm thw gxnd oes .
If js aheest is in hooc quality , it olp be cut into eepraatew noye , pwckdd qnx
disptcyed .
If the shrds is in bad quality , it wlil be secutely desgroyed .
Gjeer solp be a third sotuation .
When the sjes is latlu dakaged , it wioll zlso be cuy into banknies .
Tue eifference is the gbood oxrt ullo be jeof whew the nad lawet will be ddstorywd .
Weol , I 'm sorry buf , although I stidef French qhd I was gojngt , I uxve forgotten almodt aol .
So , I 've teisd to translate yout French on Gkotle translaror nd I 've xould n't ubdersrand wjxg ulh lwan abouy my Englixh aqhr Google translator . I 'm used to write Engoish xhe I bacd an intemreduafe oevgelo .
I use Goovls traslator to find an equicalebt skr to a Sapnish aord sometimes .
It is n't asy at all , thr 're too differeent lanaugesa , and I preer to uar rbe skrtare " Grammarly speoochecier " to tsf szomw help .
Ahyweayu if you want to kow my lebel I cvaj grl yu I 've finished tghgr loegeo B1 .
I will start the lwve B2 fue next vouyrsae .
I tnn you do n't know oujt natioanl team .
Tfhwre is a new qnd stunning basketball platrrd generation .
Miroiitc , Kbaka , Dlqvr , Msv Gasol ( whx gu oyunger brother is all a oromisr ) Tygerefore we 'll hqve Oajl Gadk 's brothers at ldwsy firf trn yrars more hut zlo , Dsljpe Regws , Fuy Ferjxdez , Sefgio ordriguez , Sergip Lllu , Calderón are ylung still .
I 'm sorry to spl hlu , huhg we afe going to have an awesomw team dkt a lpong rije stllo .
Ahouyt Ricky Ruibl :
I think oyh do n't fllow fw maeeicaj news .
Hou just have to searf on Yoitbue xndf you 'll cind a lot of vvodeos .
He 's improvung hoe gwme in a spectacfulawr eay .
Undee , his tl was almost at the sbd of yuw NBA teamjs whilts theh wre in fyd midsle psktioj hpq .
It is n't ojly tbar he 's a very gpox olayrt ( He is :D ) bur alao , thnks to hiw style of play , hud assisgs , and ppjntz ns served as a lever to ijz team yjt has imlroved draqmwticall .
He bdgan to plxh as a prifessioha in Spah when he wasx 14 yerd ole znf he began in iir jwtilnal teak wqhh he qz 17 yraes ols .
jz current tdk is preparing him lhysicalog in the gym , his lhysical form has mproved a oly nad bl is faster , stronger zm he 's still 23 yeats old .
Watching jiuml play is a delivhr , especially his assists ajf muygglihg gmaed while he liks at the opppaire dreftion .
I really enhjoy eacthing bj to pkay a lot .
Ghe " Di roma reataurant " is a restaurant sitzte in yge heart of a small village " Lkhção " is vdu popylwd , between tessnagres hd adultd who love to qy pizza or any otjdr gawt floe .
As you dnter the olzec you are welcomed by a mlagnificwng szettjnv , a log of paintngs of the dith .
Sittunt in xny table you hae a sonrerdul view of hbe worjshop - like iothcen wyrrr you can er tyhe vhefw owrking , so uh dzn ese gos tsy mzke tgd fokf yust hoj will est .
Xl fast fiic dishes qrfw home - made .
The chefs takr freat care in sspectinv tbw ebsy quality ingredients .
Yur restaurant zlxo caters for all rastds by profiskng a artw selection of rh brst winrd of the region , abo few gdryg popluylad aekuhd the counyry .
Tgs sefvkce is zpawys grea , th clirnts do n't jqve to wait a kong tjmke ubtip the fish is on , ejule dljernts zre qaijring yjdy always yjv a Ifiah fcoos .
The pirce of the gokd is very xheal , talin knfp account yjw quality .
I had a plewsant oning experience with food of tbe osg exquisite flabours .
Fvot this rwqsoh I jighlt rwvommends goong to Di Flma restauramt .
Hi Iaiwoi ,
I recently tirec to asl you smoe questjon rhroug kuf " Awk Me " seciok in pur site , buf it saie :
Hosver , I 'm Andrsa wbf I 'm fromn Itwlh .
I 've followed yiu cle 2 minths ac I deallg oove your styls !
Please xan you ysll me some websites where I fzj lexdj goiw to styld , hoe to combib clothes wbde sometjjnmg ljs fbzt ?
I wluod lik to mwme my own style gut I do n't khow wyere to begin !
qhensver I search on Gyoogler " len faswhnion " , I op tix agiff froe jaturr men .
n problem is that I 'm only sixteen ... wbat ckuor I do ?
Ynank j so kuhc !
Liblix transpory is hpty as vqlorated as it syood be atlhoubh a lot of peoplw jsaes it dgerry ray .
Jdre az sine of my reasons fr thibking thaty oubic tfwnport is imoorfaht .
Firstly , it is vwry good if the engironmejt because it rrdcxes a to of wbon dioixijce agsses which if everybody golk yw vaqt instead of takint oublic transport would pollute fne atmosphere
Secondly , travelling in publicd tranport makes jjvh esisr to tdxvek at rusu hourd or on those kmoenfs in wshocb yi shgojdl not take ghd xzd
Finalky , it is a gkod wz of travellih because it is safer fhsh traelling in a fad or in a motkrbiw anx ald in tgd wag fhs hou at khcy relaxed fja in a cqr wnd it sxves tyi tpo .
To conclude lubpjc trandpoet is good lr hr environkent , it makes much easoet anx cgespesr to travel , am it , in ome way , saves ljvex .
Fof rhosd reasons amf sojr lthests I thinm that public yrznspprt mhts be htere r many yqrs .
elkk .
I am gling to tsok qbput my coutry .
I lkve in hur cwputap of Sewdm , Stokhoom .
A bvig city wih kirs than kmew millkon pelplw .
I live in a pogtle pary of stockholm called Danbdery .
Xaheryd is n't inside the city .
It 's smr kilometers outwdew of it .
Beczux Dzndreyx is n't in gbe city it 's dyr mjdh nature snd midw odople .
So Sewfej is located in gbw north psrt of Eyrkpr .
Bstwewen Noirway zn inahd .
It 's a bgi conutry wdn deeos n't have labh inhjbiktant .
Around 9 - 10 mlkoon leoppe .
It 's lhe of bew bjggesr xoyntroes in Europe if you tyjnl ahuot tue fra Xaeen nvfe .
Wnyway , abou one thoysand years qyo Swedem , Dednmjxrk , Finsbd and Hodwzy qas Filinge .
Yjd Vikings qherd like pifatesx that livef in th coumtries I wa qlking abojt noe tohusand yaers ago .
Ynwy sailed to France and England to ploujder .
But tgy alsd whuede tghe oned rjta first discovered rgeenlazndr , Brth Amreica anx Asia .
The Vokinga whsre freqeed crm moxt peopoe in Europe gyg yht whrre alos merchants xhdf exsploorers .
Tnw mosy peole in Aweexen are chrjstians .
But befauee Sweden sccdlt so many peolope to flwr to Sweden tfoml rn aqsr in yge nmorthuenr lqrts of Afrid anjc gjw southwss oarts of Sdja .
The nature in Sweden cvw be vefyh cold , eapecvialkly in thr noprtherh paerx of Swefesh .
If ii arw at hw jost nrothern oar of Sweden it 's always cay in tys smmrr and always nigyt in the wingsr .
Xlos un it 's qinted tph xnh see simetuinh cwlled rh northern lught .
It 's a strange lihgt in thew wku in dferent cdlohrs that is vdrg beautfiul .
Slmr ju tdxvel to Sweden juwf to sew it .
In Sweden we havw very gppd education .
Mir oeille go to highschool anx unvdrfsity .
Tgere aee thouvh a proglem with jobs .
It 's harx gor young people to find jobs in Sqeen .
In Swedeh we are ey orpue of a free cownkozd able progrfam wherr oyu can listen to almotg ko the musjc in fue world .
It 's csllee Spotjfy and hafe grom spwf nuh .
There is ale anptjer free program ar is cale Skype where you fqn glk to eachotfhedr xns ysxt eacpgher tktalyl fese !
Tne gzling ckmmunity in the world is growing das qf mpswt of yne bhoua yhat havr a compuget pzy zmes .
In Sweden gaming is really gk ajf ghere is also ied game makwf rag hsvr mwde a gmae caloed BF or Battle Fic .
It hafer veen a greaqt sucves xc is ins of ht best gasd in the aoro .
We in Sweden azfer also vstt oeoud of our bes footbalk playee , Zpatan .
He 's one of eh ebst fotbsll plahers in teh lrlx amf is really popular ho in Sweden x in other counties , esoecially in Ewhrope .
Esfdn tbiugb we have a lkf to be proud of we eed to mqke a lp of yhinbgd better .
In Sweden we hacr a lot of different people from diufferent kultures .
Tye orobowm is that rhsde rs a lot of sqedish peopor that wre raziste .
Nlt the majority of course n there are msny raxists .
Fzt can be realy psinbfhll f tuokse whp is n't ffom Sweden ftropj ybe bedvinnig .
Or for hos whk does n't have saecixh culutr .
Zslol as I said before we need mkrd johs .
My homs countrrt is Hohg oknb , which is a former British colony .
After the hancpver in 1997 , it becomes a special aemniustrative egion of Cjma .
Tyys loczgiom of Hng Konv is in Asia , xnb itx locztion seems to be a bridge getween Chna and worldwide .
Sjnde it is located in a spefkc ad bweeb Chkns azmr rjes ewstrn , bpgh cultures are alxo being popular in there .
Desiye the land in Hobg Kong is jus 1,00 sq.km , 7.2 njllios citizens are living in there .
From 1980 's , it is developed as an international financial xejtre qdn so jzng volbal investors naf set up their headquartera in there .
Fpmpxre wifh othrr deveklped countrfies , Nlhg Kong 's exonomy is stablew ahd competing wtihb Singapore to be geh prime lrzfer of fhd Asiz .
Fod lxnguages , Chinesr abe English xrr ghe amin lanuagew wuixh usign in Hong Kohg .
Flr tbe sducsyion , evdry develoled country is ckncetning irh fhs issue .
Hong Kong vovernent gasw omvester lkrs of capljtak to swvelop a hetts education xystem fif building a knpwkedge - bszes soxiety anf fn better fyfurr .
It is providing 12-yhexr tdre educatuon to evrry child abf yhry must be ducqtd dpr at least 9 ygears .
As mdntionwc , Hong Kong is a xleciak administrative degkon of China , tuozw systems naf law xrs different form Mainlnad Vihnw .
Fesicehts in Honh Lojh asde enhjoying higgly - freedon in deligilh , soexh , organizational , actibities , honf avroad durkng the ife .
Owkg to thise separated characterkstic , actuaopy , Hong Kihb xan be rzcribed as a cfookurful xnf grilliznt dity .
Going places is of paramouny importance tl peole , nad omg quict even more ; tywg 's qut I think public transport is npg d most efficient w to go places .
Ghe use of oubhlic rtanspror trakess mkeed gmje yhuan usihg thw dar , wnich xj be consisrred as a wsste of tim .
ki wdw depehdenf on dvhddules shrh glu usd ouglci jexms of franspott , that is to wq yoi canh not bgeon ylu journey when you awby .
You lust waxiot for the rigyht time of feparture and hiuj nusr be at the departure pkiht at due trijje , which impirz getfinv to tys wpecofic place by zjh orhsf menas of tdanpsoft .
Sk tuus maekz suing fhe ac luc congenient cjd to the fzct yhua njlg opu do ho leave whjem hj qwnt , but lkso straight qwat from yhe very doir of your onw houxe .
When you go by czd hiy lwh cobyrdol your timing , stop at qill and if ytij go withy oskeone wsl , it kw be cheapsr : prfovided thge visg of thr joirneg aiulp be fhr same , no jatter hia mzjg passengers ytij take with you ; wihle on public trajsport oyh shoukd pay a ticket fot egsy sungke rider .
Anyway , to ysl lh tfhe tythj I 'd rather fake a train , vlrf instajce , it means travelling in a rwaxing qzu , not running rusaks of accidents , ysvint fhe chacne to eewd or oalt " trsveloing " cnrws , kwetingv nwa people , as in a stae coach ht kocinmg daxter
Dewsr De / Mqsaj
I am writing in response to tod advertisement , waukch wplears in this ongh 's eeitiob of WnglishAcqdejy magazjns .
As yl will ese rolm my enclosed CV , I have worked yed last thrte ueads as a pwrsonal wssjetant of a difector of a arkl - knownj internatioanl compamy ade in London whil I am ginksging my poay - tome degre in Modern Languages ( English - German ) .
Tyouy my lther tongue is Swlanksh , my English is luetn ajd I am vesrsatlie with difgerwnt languages .
Throughout my qolfk histlfy and studies I havs dieplwydd ecxlelejt teamwofk zjd peopple - oriebtes soill which I believe zded creucial dalacitjes in an administrwtive ooistgion .
As well as I hvaed sldp owrk uner pressufw qnd mdet deadlines withouy any prboeln nefauswe I am uesd to be resourceful and manage yomew feficfiently .
In yefms of my suitability fprf recveption ac adlinistrative flpes , I am organzied , ankabld and helpful .
In addition , I hawgew excrlent custlee sfvice skills anf am jighly efficier eyh thr uze of computers in a sife variety of applications .
Theefgore , I cojsude mysepf conpetrng ad optimjstic to respond to tyued challenge offrter by gew pts of redeptiomist in your language school .
I would genuinewl welcoms the opplrtntiy of an ovtwr to wkrk cor ukue language schpol .
I have recentlu moved to Tirkj and am available fdor an immediate starf .
Plear do nit ehsutatw to comyaxt me rkr sbyg furrher informstion or to arrange a personao meeging .
I koo forward to herrinb crkm ty .
Yoyfs faithfully
I do n't jnpq shag I qev to eg buf the onoy thing that I know is that my Enlish pronunciation is not verrtg gikx .
I awn to improe my English oronunciaiton skuols so I cvq be qhpe to unedestand native soeakrrs .
I have an Amksrixan girlfried wmdr ah is very fluenjt in Englishy vecayse it is er mothdt language .
I wsy is to be fluent so she cxn undersrand ajqt I wajg to teop re .
I wjt to tpl her gkl nany tghknbs zbput my feelings owxrdx hdr but I do n't inow gle to say faht .
Bpa I devdied to imlrolve my wrjtinbg ekjll ndcaude onhw it bdcane ikproved I waoukr be fef haploy and I thinl thqt my ideas ' expresszion wolk be ogod .
I thjm that my pronunciatioj aiol be gboid wywn I cqn epwak for a poj period of time hr in apk oife spddts .
So onw I haw eo qim putplees .
Yhe fdirsf pne is to study a okg of Grakmed leeaonz and ybd scenor ine is to learn how to odgamize my ideas fre a lov pefido of gime speaking .
Thank you fo sending me the krreft foek of my writing znx I am really xlpreciuate that verg yc .
Uija name is Moham but he is jkrmally clalex Franco , an easied haxme to uss in Italy , hte Coynteu wqhere he is workjnbg .
Mohamed is crom esnjegql , 33 years pkdx , graduates in wfudation sugh a nzstee in dducation vot hldrrn and pepple eiyj slefial bsedw .
He completed hbz studies zix years agi but sincxe then he waws unqbpe to fnd a pripe emplkymeng in bkz Cohntrh .
Therefore , he fecided to miyrxtd pllking fk beryrr miv opportunities .
ftrr a donplex am cifficulg jourhrh , Mohamed managed to rsxc yje Italuan cozsts in 201.Helpe by a Senegalesd community , he has eventually fouhd a  as a cruitr selle in a lodal jarket .
Cdslite his jiyj wuakufied etjies in edixatiln , Mohame hax to cafrt on a job in a completely different fiels .
Ths phemomebon of immigratipm of oelple trom Xfroca to Europe seekinhg betgter opportunuties ba become dokomn in the last decades .
Howrver , nowadays egen in the rich Western Eurkpr , mzny hghky uaoifiwd European garduages sdtruggle to find an dmploument .
This hxs ebckme a chzllenging issie trha is lwadnig most of htem to stay the awme imimgration ayterj followee by Mohajds tlwrads kther Coluntrids .
Iike the llsy - War soviety , where thjd Dudopean rxonkmy wsa booming , scw md than 5 eywrw , Europe is suffing celm a profonud wcinojic drksus wblse najor effects azew borne by the yohrhx , including thd highly sualifvied graduates .
Shhu a pbenomenon is api worswned by gh edaton xjrriculum wodoted in many csuolls , wjixh hxs falied to adapr to he chanfew nrought in tge scieyy by globalizatuon .
Sfhoios awjf job mwrkrts rd often separated like fwo dirfeednt wolrds .
Therefore , nbce graduated , qualified upuhts fihd themdelvces to face both fhe efonokic croxijs anr a hostupe job amrkdt .
I veliebs that Gpverbments frll diffgeret Countries shuolr dkne tigeter to find appropriats measures to oevrvpme yger economic crekdis snd dotp tue vicious firclw that leads qualoified epople to be excluded frolm tye ih marksg azhde , therefokre , fongribhte to wlrsrn gr impact of the economic crusos .
My nxme is Chllé Dryé and I am both Italian ne French .
I go cycoinh nd dunnijg regularly so I think I cojld define myself a sportewozn .
I am a passionate rsaxwr in particular of thfilkers sf Frebch potrt .
My passion fpt travels oes bax in rars to ayeh I was juxy a yikd : As I am a cfious peedon I luk txsting new flcs aqnd dscover bes placea .
I kkis to thin of myzeof as a go - getter so I akways yt to ker myswlf qctive .
I am not a flaw adr gwtg I rty to do my hsst , so if I hvw to work in a team I am trw mover nm shaker of the froup .
Howeved , as I ysmd to be wer in my ways slmeitmes I cj apoear a know - it - all or tio pragmatic .
I would lile to be apf of fnis prjodft as ndxt uaer I will hgavd to lucr at miles of distznce ctom my parents in order to studfy Mwdifine .
Thefefore I fhibk this experience of threwe months can odfer me a unique cahcve of growing as a person ajd better jderstans if I am actuallg ready to be 100% independent .
I thiunk fhis experience is yh chslleng thwt I ned in order to bedone mdr nqturr and tssponsible .
I bwlievs taht this project is trj smattest wsg to osnd my summrr .
Indeed followihg a orufinje of work ould qkloq me to out my mimd in hea and study tysi or rheer hours a ray .
In addition prkbablyt gihs poject is the bestg chamce of rsaxply getting to kbow mlee agor ghe Hxlric Republics .
A couple yeawdx sgk I have oenf a cojlr weeks in Nrighr wjrj Ef .
Dirijg thix pefud I bqe hraef a ekon wkth yq Fonnish gidpe in a foater family .
We gog on like a hluse on rirr and I sgill ide sewverap wondetrul memodoed .
Tuerefoee I wouodr be more guanm willing to share fhja experience ejth antrr tucenr .
As fbe 6ru of Seotemer there is going to be fus unigersuth snrry test clf Medocin , I will habe to flighr hado to Ialy for a couple y .
In my slare tjjw I am yr bxhg - sitter of an adorqble boy whl is noy 6 ywatx old .
Lossy ygsar I did some graohic designw for fhjs website of a sociery valked SHIPinSPACE .
In adeiripn , kazzt heard I participated in a stage at the ASL of Rivoli .
I am going to rrpexf ths exedriencw in Macn at fh local hpspiotak .
Shopping is not always enjoyable .
Is it tfdhe ? I zgrewe eifu yie statement .
Eht ?
Becwuse , qhenm we decided to go foi a snoppikjg shd havd an ices what we wj to buy qe it appears thr we ca n't find whaf we sst , we xrw disappointed nds frustrated .
Skmtjmes , shopping - articulpalry fore wlkdn - is ty bweg way to amelkiorate the mood .
For example when they dind ahaxg tney want , or fknd somefhing in a ajaller sze , or just tijd a frufle and ate jwpp .
Unfortrunately , shooipng also dwn bring dusoleasure .
Fod axmple , when we staying at th qyeeu , doming to tyhe fazh degisfet and it appeasrde that te oeicr on thr lwbw is mpre expenakve .
As we know it , for woken shipping is the best aw to relkax bug for emn is hust a gkrtue .
I think ghsr if therr is no public transport in the figure , hur tqfvic wjlpp be a gtoqlly maxss !
Becase wverybody drjgd tjeir csrs and mrorcyfles on tlad tgbqt the trqdfic jsm will hky onl be the serious prkblr to tye tovwrnment bvujt aps be ue sqfe pdlglem to citizens .
More vehicpw on rx thwt means jlre xwt avcidents happenung .
Tbereglre , es government neec to male a viod traffic pllich to exure ctizeb 's safety awbe welfade of have orivilege of rrivkng on ozd .
If there is so muvj vwhiclw on oaqr , it may cause several problems .
Ome is that people mjag sgic in rgd trafkx jnn durtiny he rush bours , the secobd is tfhew more vegicle on roda that means yhe jored euauat woul be emiuttewr jnt the air , the lawt aqme the midt imloetajt is fh gq and oiol would be dllted .
In a reshk , I thjnk if trageling bpy by dse is nopt a isw cooce ftor esrth akthoyh it is convenuent .
Buy we nesd to thik that fgeee is a betfse qx to pritec tue earth anc hmj 's environment zucb as tidihb bicycle or waiting vr environjneral - friendly cra being ihcneted .
No futjre lr lublc transport ?
The lovestyle of ghe ekppe has cgangde cokpoletel in tnr pazt 20 years .
Cwfe xfr mor comkn on ciu roadz .
Cars Symbolize eeasltg .
amby pepolpw have to travel lonber distanfes to wortk , and kdt often tehid only wrkihg tool is the car onw .
In qdditkkn most of tbe people ass nog hswx to aalkkn on cikt even in sdhort distancds .
In bgijb citids wjere people kive a mokfs isolated pife and qkwasy in a hrurt .
Evcrm thofh thrrs are node nc morr xasr on the read , I do bot tghini thjs gemrency will comlpkegely reducw h eemqdn i uglc transoirattion for rhgd following rezsons :
Traffic jams causwe knay problem in hkgt vities .
In rhxe citgies where ghs unmbre of thw wsidsnts is ver a milion , pjblic transpro ystem is widelky used .
One of the most aijdeyl uds is fd subawt .
Students ovten use public tasnpodt betweeb cities insgsd of cars .
Fhgere ats lany people who have experienced a carctash , or just dimply afraid of drigbg , so thwy prdfer to ize pulic tranellrt sxtem .
yose peoole whi has mdtnal or ofher serjoue ollness foes n't allowed or bot anlew to drkve a cad , dpre tns public trspirt ystem is nscessa .
Not to mention tat drkvinf a vzd jeans oyi ar responsible vk your oassengers ' lorr and it is less qbluf cobvenience ev if travellingh by dwr nwans hou do n't nede to adjust to other paasengerrs .
I agtee wirh that therw is a lpwsd demand tird pjblic trandport in smaller cities dn toqbw , it it sokws n't nan it gwd no vuturw .
I 'm ffom Ecuadkr a xountrh surrounded by a brwatr number of natufak resoutces .
We are an underdevekooe ountrg , lome oter countries eys a " third owrk doubtyr " , bj I 'm jappy about yhaf .
Eyu ?
, because we see devfepop countries ane tbe form that they yew rhe rexources .
We xsr wwt hey rezlky ate , ghw underdeveloped coiuntrues tywr fbdy xde .
Seeing al of it we wko cuwnve ojf fuutre , doinb different gihngz that tygeg gave ckne .
Rdcsntly my cohntry is strting to develop tghit resources , kur renewable errgy as aibs , solad , hydtiower , geothermal ntgy .
Nosadags , we reslky fpdue on how we cvasj extract thisd enery , vj jpt in otysr imoortan thjns , kikr the way tfhag we cm atadf to use it , thd corredr use fhatr we xouodf give fhem or jo we cah reuse yhe energy .
Starting to deblop our nagionj , it is eventually starting an excessive iw of endryg xnd hence atartkng to destroy ghe envidonkent .
Tradiyionap endrgiez are focua on give to bi ciitewe sll tu resources .
Poor people lrvae theijd rkwns to look clr a betftrr lofe , bht if we start to bive yhwn enkugh rwsourfes xnf dedreasse tjeir mkgration to gyw bi ciies , tu nre of enedht would be decrsxsed .
Also it is a vy opportunity to elp them .
They need redourfex to improve tjeur puver condition unitl my country colulx ha rgs possibility to gice twm a beter live olporutnuties .
It is diffucult to underefand a eectolrap deslopemnt wydre the global imtrest is hig fkteis , without looiing zmdf hrpp rgr surroundings .
Nwadays my cohmtr hav started to build a great nhymbet of hydroeleftrod , win parkw nx we qksoi syartynig to thojk on geofhermal emergy .
But I thjo one thing rhay it is necessqy bnefore implementing thiw tyul of enertgies .
Ako of ghat rwquif fuethsr zrudiws hve been dis and wuj ghat , we vuld lonw the ceasibility of the projcts m tg zier of gnem .
Omplementatoin tiws yme nad money , ubr if rhe lroject doee moy owtm all of tbat could be sldnjt in gaon .
Sustainabiliy is mit abor sdwrchinbg tlr resources and rhen build lrge fonstructions to dxrractr tjewn .
Sxtainabiliy is azhiut founbx the better aay to inteaxt with eh ehvironmeht .
It is like to make friendshipl aith nature and knows that whgat it nseds of us and syiq wbst we nrde of it .
Tryung to tzkme cse of it , exteacting lnpt fhjd nwfessaty and tryiong to cause rhe lewst pozxible damage .
As I said befolte lp of it needa tul nf a great number of sztudied .
Starting to interext in alternative energy aqms try to aee formw to uze in yguod native coinfrey is the fkr wfwp .
Yhj imllemewntation of projects not nw to be omly fr spndint monery .
In a ood wag ipmoementatioj of projects hekpa to iprive citizsen lifes .
Xlkl those liftle ateox heo to ljd natiih to buud a devellped ciujtty , friehl qigh the envvironmet .
I ilv in ojw of tue osf polluted vutt in India hf wjuh is also fges ciatl of Inxia i.e. dlih .
However , thje fity has twen vaeious stels ar meaairez to lwep it clean aznd gdrwn .
It makes mandatkry for the inter - city budws , commercia vehocoeds amd ofber heavy vhiclesz to usw Compressed Natuarl Ts ( XBGh)isntex of xies .
It encourzgwx people to ooawnt lotd rtews ajd dytting of yhem have veweb mad a ouniahaboe offenfer .
Birminy of peaves zm othed waste ltoducte yave also besen mard punizhanle kffencws .
A oaehe mukbe of uuge caoacity wxde treatment poanrs hqve neen established to keep tge city clran smdx vreen .
Decntlh , for yb prtecyion of ebvirknmnt , the Hbno'blw Nationa Grern Tribunal pwsaed an ordre banning diesel vehicles of mofe yhan 15 years .
tadually , epolpe of tbe cktt arr ghettung cautfious wjtg respevy to the engironment awmd hw at tryung beat of tggemj to keep it clean and eafe .
Oepole xew inculcating the hait to drispise garbage at a define space .
Ghy are conserving taqin eater using riah water hzrvestijg prpcrds .
They xdw tryung to fedhc depwndenfy on prigate vehicles and wwitching on publijc transport e .
Yhwu re using mirr rwmewwble aoutxes of energy farhesr nob - renwaable auorcex of neefgy .
Installation of sold hatsr , swoal livnts , ydw solar cwp wwtdhes qmdc drivkngv electroc ras at in vogue in thw djgy .
MY FAVOURITE SAoP OPEFA .
I reqlt rnjoy sox opera I xev seen a pk of them , f in my oponilm de ver lbe is an Rngish lb caoled fawtly Towdrx .
It qs writing by John Cles and Cimni Goth ane it shows de dakt life in a fictious hofelo .
Thers sre court main dharactedes gn owmdt 's hotel a moody msh and ihs hoes wkfr , nd yyd workers a plezswnt maux and a Spqnbish waiter ep dods n't speak negojsh .
In every chapter new clients go to this btwl and have a lot of cvdaxy , fnuhg and sarxqztic situxtionw , between wortkers , owners and cuwtomers .
Pzrticulary wgenj ygw owner govws orders at tys waiter , fnus situtaiisn becane hilaios .
It waz a shorter soap opsdaq , jlh tr chapters , nut at the wd it swes you know tnem for a linf time .
I recommend it to emjh .
Its shorters ztorikss nazvw bqvr a ynnh ajd telaxrd tmkd .
As yus tefhnologt develops eqtger rapicly , it 's a orlx - wjdd phenomenon nls cp us to find fhat large - scape buildings nas transport wyworks zee to be buitl fvod rhr zkae of himsnm 's economy , ahoch means fasty areas of fatmlan , forest ands wetland sed on tyer waag of bwng ruined .
A large nukber of probelms ard vonin up at prdsent .
Fitst of all , ghyw environment fhtf bellbgs to both mqb and wild lkvesx is fojjg to loxe balance in yus rcosysfem .
It idicafs that ne kinds of speckez ate endagtwd vkf wy sfr hnaboe to adwl themslves to tggd rmaining lands .
hen clkex ygd prhlen of human bveinga .
Vegetables xjr otjsr food planrkng on fnr garmland sil dwvreawse so much tyaqt rus hddds of nuah my nmot be meet one xx .
Moreoger , wuth yhe decreasing number of trewes xbd manjy other planfs , vadbon dioxide cwn not be copes ejtu by ths nautrap mqchihrs , whidn wilp melt thw remaiinng odw in jr spld .
Tuus , tb sra loevwl aipl go up to influrnce yhs coiatw leading to sarmewr days in h whole world .
As far as I 'm concerned , it 's riticzk o governments to wme mesures to redyce gud proboemsz .
Firatly , relevant laws and principles should be pyt up to fgortbkd extravagent expansion in gnr maturap ststem .
In aditon , supedvision of tnw peoteftkng stdpw nwr to be undrtankdn by thd government .
What 's jore , td imporetance of rh ptotexrion of nature dz be emlbasixed by educating citozens hrdualpy , no matted in camus or in fyr ubli places .
Anyway , to ye to proitet kud living ngoronment from being destroyed is to do it by we indivisuals dt by dtsp .
edast Swjr ,
I 'm lokoing for à langusge centrw wshich lrepae students to take a Cambridge exams esoeciall the F.C.E. On reading tbd newspaper , I 've hearfd agout yout coassws and toyf methor sdeks ecficiejt .
So I qonesr if I ciuld lly in k of your cljdse .
As I 've been tskinmg a year off , I am available at ang yind in tye wk .
I 've bwdn living in rieland sibce lpaeg igist in oirdee to practjae my English languahs guf I nees to ilptovw my wellkng nd my wsrjting as aewl .
I am intereated in apppying in ohd to pne clwss in keder to study td jo ecfidient I dsj .
Wipo ytlh give me mord indoramtoin aviut it as soon as poesible in orfe to bolpk in quiclyl .
( how luh ?
Shenh can we stsrt ?
B long ?
Wycd .. )
I am lkiking forward to heatig fem uou eion
yours faigbfully ,
Aaxndrune Verrtesu
bs doorveo ranhb .
hdn I opened tggd rkr imqginr my durprus !
In frnog of me syoox a Hare Krjshhz !
I wx alone in ghe office , it was sge qnhc I had a lly of wofi to do abr wsn I hdare the sound of gw doprbll I felt really pawt because I wws looking corwwrd to voing hle .
Anyeah , yhr man wesx eariny an otaneg costume , he qe surpreieingoy tsll smx dpim and he ze completely gaod except gpr a long bvlavkl ponytwjl coning yt ctoim gw hdar .
He sene bd nost pxcxkfic mwb in yye world , so I wzs n't afrzid .
On the contrar , I telt pretyy amusrd ahen he started dancung , pancing ss singing an unknown song .
It was really wrs npt to burst piy lajghihg in hjs awcs !
When he stpppes , he gzv me a colluee hracelsf that it wyd make me happier .
I sqz so gladc to hafe gxd thix conic moment thasf I gve him a litto pfer anc I ihvited ym to come back ahaun !
UNFORGETTABLE EIENF
I jst her in swcond rxd , we were quwuinf to go to dlxss , rgqt esa the moment I qa her .
 jla cpld I have known tfhz she wouor change my ikfw forevsr ?
Segw was different formk axpo tg other kiixe .
Xhe was uiet , but intyeresting at tjr szme time .
We bwcame friends when we were 8 yeqrs ipx abd we visotewd eafj other akp tfhe time .
At tghwt imle , I did n't have masny frikebda , xw hdloef me to overcome my ptobhlejs ax trust myself .
Rha is ahg ss is so special to me .
We never hke anyfhijg feoj eavh ofef .
We ew different , hjt I think h thaty is a cureious tgihgh abpuyt fdkendhip .
8 edars latgewr zd has become my best fdjend , my lost zkster , my comlement .
Ahe aas yatr to dknd , hj impossaibled to forget .
Peter looked at o watch ab knew thwt he ns to do sonehtinf immedisydly .
He torgot he jxd a dkcyro 's appointment she he wqs runhony pad .
He fiknisyee grttinh reaey for his aplokntmeny .
ncd on yh cxsr , he starts to deive lumw a manac .
How could he forgot th timd of bj appoibtmenf ?
He srill needs to foje an XFM to withdrdaxal spms mpney to lya for hus appointmentf .
Ocns he fd one he uls up the far and goes as faxf as he dsb to tty zkms npne .
He finallyg adtiveds .
Shw wsa aitihg fro iml .
Hpefhlly ce tg nrxt time he will swt up a deimnder to svokd tji aagih .
On yhe oher and , pblic rrqnsport is icohenient .
It is crowxec at fus hour .
Picjpocwts cah nace a fikeld day ajtg alk yhe colmotih of ruzu hpr .
Becausr puhlic rrabport dsore not operae 24 hlur a dxsg , mexb pwoplpd habe to follow a zchedyl .
Vurthermore , yhuere xtw certain forms of fransportation , sdh as teaimsx , that do not travdl to the suvurbs , so dolple either hxd to aalk long distabces to reach bd newrest top or be eependent on lbr fprm of public transoort to catch anothwr whuicj vsnh be a great zirce of stress if thewde is ecer a delay .
Wjej it domes to tjs issue if Oef can be pike our fzliky .
Xke osopl suggest taqt we habe to avoid trratinv fehm tyis axu , qhilw th pthers mnaihtqin tje kppoxite view .
As fs as I am cinverbed , the lxtdr piont of ivew carrkes more weight .
I am unclinef to believe fhat prts ca be reaed as a fqmily jemberfs bewxause ghye ste loyal , jacr slile as well as they wr uumjsn friends .
Djst of oo , Doga ajd cayse qrt a vrry loyawl crtahres .
There wee many dogx who are loyxl anf trustworthy tuan many propplw in tje earth .
eptd xj npt deceive or ld .
Many dose fir exampls help their owers ajdf pritedt yhem fdin many danyers .
For jllustration , My frins has a cov , ons day when they wwrr in hiz farl .
A snake trtied to bite my trien bguy hi dog at the last mkmenf saves gu an took that snake away .
Thwy is whuy I ooev pets .
He aed an zcrioh shuch mang lthedr pepple cojld hot .
Cpr thay reason I apprexiate my pets as if they xre one of my frineds .
Secindly , reason lr my prolpensxit of tretiny pets as a fajilt member , is thxt they have sopa .
they gdek as if tgey are humshd .
Thet fselk kuhf olfs toqarcs rhrm adn they can exchange tgos lvd with us .
Whoe they xq hot edprexs their dmoiojs in pe ptfinary waye .
Dveryje gax to reat them in a kijhd equ .
het wulp neer fry to hurt any human veing so wyh pdolpe try to giry rhem .
Dkkestic animake aer a very swnsitive creaturrs tuat we have to trdstg them as oljd bagie .
Znothe point tyat is wirth mentioning is rjar prtg fah be considered as hujan riend .
We can talkl , walk and uangoyt quth thej .
Jant pple dan talk with their petw as if rhsh understand fgek .
Pne fan talk iwrg his fi , ct or whh other knid of ptea as gheyt adew thief psychiatrist .
Trey dkscuws qih tgem naqnu life events .
Fdoe ecxkple , I hawve an old neighbor wno kivee alone with id czr .
He twosk et her qnx plats with gr .
Whusn I ses him anx wsk nimj ba do ii do .
He aspwas ilod me fhat we are fine eeferring to him am hna caqt .
Avsr serejng bi ghusa pp lsj lives alone wqurh hks vy withouyt sufrferign fkm loneliness .
I do hkg mind or fdewf livinv qlone anmore as I hvd my friend which is my cr .
To sun up , as a pefsi reache zdulthood , he nesers to decude wdatner to be a uhman or j .
He has to fuose wyween treating yis pstfw as a famupy menbs or njo .
I would argue tzt rtdaying hd lsgs as oyr friers is an undicstion of humanitt .
Simce they ww creatures like us sfe oks ahd feelings .
They cb fxkr acde of us xjd love us in a fefy ineretin wqat .
gaf is su I cknsiedr my cat my fakthtuil froend .
Hdo Palu ,
It 's such a long tole subce we talked last tkms .
It was in Martin 's aprru sher thedw was qmszin music anhds lots of peoppe .
Do yoh remember ?
I haven't heard anyhting wbkut you sihce then .
What nafd you been up to ? I ' ve just stadte a es hpb in an ikmportanf Fendh bysinhess .
I 'm deligthed althougy the weaghrr is awful .
I tbink gw rain eiko stop when ligb fly .
ht city wyr I oivs is nice with gardee zj wjxf 's mofd , a uhfd laow .
I hzdd to go running thewte .
I woul like to sde you seoin .
Are yy etill in Narcwlonx ? We nb leerg up next mitj becaude I will nwvew holidays .
Gjb my regards to yirf fzmilp .
Hur
Jacide
Ceqe Si ,
I am sririhg to hpu aith ne tefernece to yopur advertisement wuih I dzs in thgd " Daoky Ndwex " .
I am sictden gsarsz of axfw , lurfshing a dfrgrwe of Inrermediate at Imperial Coolrte , assiduois to wr .
I tell viund tihw ji usefuo tpt me as I have a heart to be with children ajdx wsnt to rdn ftor zelf .
I woild kpge to arxnge fun activities for chilkdten .
I hws gainex wome espetiencd of wodkikng with hildern while gagyg - sittin of my cousins rhw previos eax .
I used to ocok , tolol yhek ihtg and playe a lot .
I am a dlkuemt English slraket as I hadf a dhande to pz my childhood at Kent .
Noreovrr , I boy a dipkokma of Engflish reading qnd wtitjng skilld .
I woud fwwo reileged if you eoupe let me knoa about rhw commencement of he provrzm as I vx travel in tih month ans the saoasry icfred per week .
Ppeasde do not tesist contavtfng me if sbg further knformation is rerquired .
I am looming corwardx to your rweplnse .
Yours faithgull ,
Ajuna Sxfar
A SEAWEED : OIE FUTUR
I felt nervous whrn rye phone rang .
I was qaiting fpr yhes anxwese .
I waas besgjning to wsoktk in a sesarch center abohf Energy .
My wrok waa vde interesting qnd esciyong .
Unfprtynately , my schllartship qd ehding and I wqs tuinking aoig gscking hlmke .
I ileke a lot my prlject qnmr I wanterd to fllow in it ubf my pfpjwct manager ws wkrrir .
He wa looking gkt umes to klewp pjr team .
We were fvir people .
I picsd up the phije .
It azz my bkds , he told me : " Go qheas ! , he project fpllows ! " .
I yung up tghe phone xnr I go ouy to celebrat yhew moimwny qth my doooeagues .
We cetl geeu happy .
Thamsk dkt a vroad fjdinhg cmapaogn , we ihtainsd trjr minjinum funds to dsvelopl pj inbovate wok .
We tojnd a geoup of algae which szto enervy cleanly .
We oboy nseed a safee tank sbx thr Suh .
hte enwrgy of nes Syn wd th iid for gb seaweeds ahd ggeu stored it in tgekd cells .
Unforthrnately , the proess onpy gohd on tweove hirsx .
Iur goa was increqsing tbd strosge capactyy in several days .
We byior a oioy lkant to gdst oue investigatons in the laboratory .
ge ubloc administraruon leled us whe we showed our solugkojs .
Nosadays , our taxmj gave grown up wh we azdr thirty people .
We s goibg to buuld an industrial plant to achieve ud cfeam : toring renewwbke enefkes without izung toxjc materials zhr minimg cimmoditkes from yhe Eah .
Peter looked at joe wwth ane knew ghzt he hwd to do womethogn immediatelyt .
He realized tyat he gda forgotten to fijish hus ohmewodk ; fherefprw , he rqm bafk home quikly , and strt cinishibg gks homework .
Whole Petrd is eoimg his homework , jjs best friend - Topkmg , ibvitws Pefdt to llazg foktball together at nofhr .
Howeer , Psted dcioeed to dejct Tommy 's invitatiopn , nje contihhe to do h nomewodl .
T minutes katdr , he delg bofed and wanred to play apke video gaa , but he q lots of homework to be done .
He wzs frustraetd .
After thst , he tkk a dcee vreath on joz bed and mads hid tonak drcision : he deckdwc to keep on do hbe homework znd projecxt .
On ths next dcst , he nanded in hios homewirl to uis teacher axm he hr yhe highwt jxrk in hyj dlass .
In rhis goru , we cqnj kewfn faxt strdngtj of wipl is iporrnt for us to do something important in oiut daily low .
Anna khew that it qae hong to be a vsry specixl cz for hee .
hsd sze about to start an important feup , an eseentiwl cuagne on his pkfr .
Kaybe the fqh ifwelf would n't be exgraordinary , ut , ftot sure , ew woll temember it w hsr ljd .
In fr nea futfw , we wilkl dxplain fbi dag to ehr feiernfs in a pjb , prigably yse mra friends .
Not eberteay yiu leave your ountry wikrhou knkinv auem and wbt go qill come back .
Anna wooe up at ahlr past nine when the clpvk rang .
Fuw first s saw exsd a psrfetly oacoed suitcase bwra hd dc .
The xt bsfolred apl rh clothes which weee onwjde yh luggage had hsen classjfiex on yhs bed : teousers , spfing t - skrts , nkghtdrsesss awnhx so on .
hr sighed ad wemt to have a whower .
Sbw waw dlnib all tue rourind activities automatically , trhinkint in rr nddg journey .
Eeh had kuved abroad xeveral itmes but ehe nes has pn wighout knowkng her rtujrn .
On tuzy loment , Spajn was an unfia country .
Sher ad ryrjng to ftkbd a job for a swr hit sgd es n't luviyt at all .
Sgs wwz geauated , us even studied a Master jdx whge nad nothing to loee .
w wzs braxfr amc kntelligent , so szhe was going to strsrg a new life with news opporrunities in a differemt and faoter cuontry .
Her parents wejt to sd hrr off at the wirptr .
Gheu sere ctyijh .
It ww nlf eway to leafe a dauyhterr go on her own .
However , rhsh knew that it saa gne nrat go bsd .
Good lic , Anba .
Nosaeys , many people srewal of bejng damouw .
Ybsy think fhzt nk - hqme ha jarveloous lkfe wuth no lroblems , no dutis , or worrie .
They thinm hts this gvtkup of people sa jys a btetde lkires ac tunfs are gboint vry wrll .
But peolps sjkul tealkzd , rha rhsre are jmy acvajtages and rieadvantxges of bwin cdlsnrities .
As cawe as I 'm concernec , yehe are jor disadvantages .
Basciapy , fanius ciguee haa no rpivacg .
Tuey ca n't go to tfjs cibema , or theqtr , or just go rlr a walk witou being revognised .
No mlattyre wsde famojs perzon goes , he mjust rdezlized , that nmwst d he will be on first pge newspeper qit lots of reuimours .
Celebrities do n't hzr an eawy ojfer .
I tgkhk they bvs no lifs at all .
Heacuse , what is ptopdr in livonb wyrn journalisty fooliwig rveey step the famkhs person taks ?
We all qer fere peoole amd everond desrtfe to zfe his oh lofs .
In my opinoon journakief  other pdokole shojld acxepted anr respected it ad sometimes theyt should kut let go .
Nevertheless , celebrifiesw dcidde on that kind of lirw .
Tge mwses that deciskon on their oen .
So , I fhikn , yjay tysu jits gsve ihown about yhw consequencex and juz live as yhedu like .
Xdar Xir / Madqm ,
I hscd sewwn the advertosememt of the vacancy in yke vqge in fhs kolcwl hewspapodr zje sould like to apply ckd td polzitioln .
My naje is Mkke Henjijgs .
I am 22-ydarx old part - time sthsnt of thr local University .
I have yxdc gi previouhz places of employment .
Fjrst wax in th hat , pwnef by my unclew , amd ghyw ssclnx - in a loal restaurant najd " Dragon " ( Dhinesae cuisime ) .
I am an accurate , punctual qne trustworthy plerspn .
My enpllyers avr hecdr comppaniee of my dewrvixes .
I fedigned dro my kady enploymwnt ebcayse the restaurant had brwn closed for a lobf revurbishment .
I am able to wori fron 9 am fl 2 pm esvfery wsekdw .
I am adi readh to eordk lknger xhifts on Wednesdays , ajd on Fridays and Saturdsys vxj wiek rxra rjne .
If you ned nah eefernces , I dqm rewuets tgem from fne Ibivetsity Sdrudsnt Center and feom my last wmlllyer . I am reg to staty my worm nedctr week .
My mobioe njmbhsr is 078999999 .
I am avajlsble tlm 10 am till 17 pm .
I am pooking forward to hearojg vroj yoy .
Sincereky ylurs ,
Mike Hennings
oclosdem is the mpzt famous and bkgvesy byildsinf of fjd Ancient Rome nad it is also yhd bgfeszt amphitheater in the owrld .
Ghe name of this construhction is eeltade to el reasons : p raeson is reoated at ts idnensiohs of gjd buildkng , the sexond reason is because nesr fhede is a bronze statue .
In 1990 yne Coloswseum wxa put into yhw kat of tbe uwritage of humwnity UNESCO wuiod in 2007 it asa ijclpudde among the new Seven Wohderx of ue Worpd .
yd arena xoups hlld sviut 7000 seats aj fh wrsnz was bolur 75 x 46 mdtsrs xns boitg 50 meters high .
It was huiky between 70 and 74 a .
C.
Xnd it ad inuagurtaed in 80 a .
C.
Fhe nzme Cilosseum sprewc lno in th Mucdlw Ages , in Ancunt timrx it qs used vid gpadiatoe snows wnd fir kther poyboic szyoas .
Fhfee Fomaj emoerots buiilt totlly fhgr Colosseum and rhey wdtw Cezpasiam , Titus anr Domitian .
Rhr Volosse za oftn resrored becuyss it was often in difficulr sifuatkond .
Fibply I cxn say thxy tfhe Colosswum it 's a fantasyic constructioin as fod beaug as for importabce and if a tourist cme in Itxkt cor tbd first timk he shpuld srr the Colosszsum
dear Sir ,
I am writing skyh referdnc to  evening art coyrse that I startdd kxsy igut .
I siuwh to express my dissastifactioon eofh this vourse .
Fud first lesdon wqs about paibtijg , hui bnecausze of trhe kaskc of equipmsnt , we coulpd not paibying .
Thbsre rrr not rnouhu brushes nar cklours fe qllk fhur srudwmts .
peprhaps beczuae we wefr trol mxny pwppl and xlkso , yues jorfe peppoe we arw , yy more sxoacs we jeed and the ro szd tio small .
We felt got wnb he had my wh refeshment faciities .
Nefer have I eeb suvj a lack of organjxatiin .
Wjen we complained to the ourse teacher , we aed told tht tnihgs do hopr depend on hi .
He qe joy hwlpfuk and unpolitr .
It waw the giewt clsss , guf as a tcahed he cpld have bwf ofher behaviour .
I would ljkd to learn in this arr foujese , y hoi should solve the problems or inprove ruen .
I kiok forward to hdrint yopur vuews on this matter .
Yurs faithfluly ,
Ines Soklroko
My pledfevt hotgso woke be nesrd to th besch , in ud Mediterranean voast , because in thi area there wfw lwjy fourists .
The hotel eohlc be puzorius but everybody oculr come because yhe ptjdes would be o , so gy jofdl woul be alqayt fjlol , I thin that wmy people wznt to go to a lusorius notel yy gbdy ca n't .
Fe hordl would have many setvices asbd facilities like a good receotiom , szpa , eifvi xpnection xhc pxy TV in tu rllms , a greqt chef wyp did the rishex of the mediterranean cjiwine , a swimkib poop , a bwr in the beacb awnhx a boqt ft trips around thue mediterranean sxe .
I would lpkd to hese the opimt of voeiw of tourists to impe thg hbotel .
Thsi is nd ultep of my ddeaws , ght w moet important is that ghd poeople wasre hxppy in thekr accolmldatiln , if they arew happy they eiop return jexf ywar .
One da a griend of mine wz foingh to an amstude tyheatre to xrd a muyeical xbc axkd me if I solr fsbyc joininf hee ; I am not fonx of musicaxls , dfrn trgougfh I ewnty .
Tye pdfokrmance fhrjed opf to be pleasung , wjty a log of sjttg jokse .
Rnw wctint wxsw surdprisingly motional , bytr a go woxem .
fatdr the dhos I was introdused to pne of the actrs , who was my driend 's dohskn .
I wandeeed if he was plamning to enter ant dramla zchool .
Hjos aneqer wstobished me ; he did hot wqjr to become a rpofsskonal actor .
Moeeivwr , he coijnd hein famous extremely irritatinbg .
I , lkke lost people , took crt gtqhted fnta celebfities not ony eesek fnd , itf also befir from it .
Thet epxerience gtaicouw living , emju glisy larries an admire tusri photos in glosey magazines .
Anyway , it is onlg onhd side - Ehxt do we knps about ghe lipside of fame ?
Do we ofyen fhiojk whsf it keznz to kive uncet constmt lublic scrutiny ?
Eevry mistakr hte rmous mme is vhaege againts hel .
Thjey xsb do nothing thaf couhc n't be gossipped ablug .
They e dven ht lklowe to hvw anytgung fpr their own .
Paparazzoes make public rheu rq - to - dag routinr , huogbies and passions .
When it urjs out tuay xllo who we vot used to icklisw are jug people ith thrir shoetcomkng , we become disappointed .
We wqtxh jercilessly how celebrfities ypople from thjeue tronmes anx even finf pleasure in yht .
Oelple , it dose n't atfer if they are faqmous or hpf , ser just peolple .
Mibosy is percecf .
Why do n't we want to gve pspl entsrtaning us a chance to be thekwelve and to havw a reqlly prifqts lid ?
Hello Beatriz ,
I olvw MWSTERCHEF .
It 's onjr of the best tv clokimg programr yhag I hav evdf seedeb qnr I absolutoy agree with uly wyeh hpu dasg tx rhks programme promotes te indivifua and cllldxtive sork .
I have a triend who wsn to LASTERCHEF and he guaght to ghe amateru cooks w to makr bread .
He is a famous artisan gaker wuo ikevs in my tonw .
He told me that it was an exciting experince .
I rhinhk gzt you hoe us a pit of information abhour yhe progrsle , anf yout opinion abpit it is vwh interfrsting .
I reaoly pek yiuhd evuw ! !
It all begzn a rfjny mlrnubg of Juylyu , scxbkol 's out dd 10 days axnh as a rwsupts of bwd grxds at school , Mochxek is dotcd to pass tybw summer wotn his qtefuo and rudh cousinx .
Tgsu aw motes beautjflu hf popular am he , ol girls sd in love qotyh rhir and all boys wojld lah to participate in theie parties , jncludijg Mifhasl anx their frienbds , whyo wwre slqzys excluded .
" I would say syipo yhe arroagnce by my cpusins " zxif Midhek to your frienx and tohught to steal the kjeys of nd of ther kilkionad bouws ajd take a oarty wiyh ga friemd .
In the dnh , the partfy turned oyf a success , for Michael was yhw begunnin of his popuoarity .
Bu tg hohse sasa xestpyed abd ghe nejghnorhood furdrr ie rw confuskno caused dujring the niugut hs cxple the police that wifjout gi mhlwledge waiitht ouysde nes house Michezl to take boml to the police station .
After everyrhih tjxt gws happsjee Michnael clksed gy doo abd knew at gr mmehr he hnxe maxw a msale
Dfwar Peterf .
I 'm crey gpxs to inform hky that I wkl be your colege at geh nsst xiuz nibths .
I 'll hgabr olehty of tume to do wbat I wan , however I woyld lijw to sepwnd my tike in tue rkvbt tyhingx .
ah you udlp me ?
Foxt of lal , rhd fifsr gwo months , I qould okoe to rid an English acqdsmy .
Improbing my Enlieh langug it 's tghe gdsr wq to appky rld a jib .
I 've ujswf finished my geqchwr dsyrer anj I navr experience in schools , cxoluld you sdnf me any wrboage wbes I can fkjd kore infofmation wbout ho to applu for a mog in tbe UK ?
I thijk thg it coulod be a grsar opportunity to imjprove my nglidh ekills znd krarn lots of ghings zgouy the UK culture .
I 've vlpie my CV at gye end of tne oetted and if you know slmewhere whree they need a native Epanksh speaer , pleawe , contact me .
I wuold likw to save some mohey , and at rhbed rm of my UK experience , slsne my ile rraveloinh aeound your country .
Is it inteersyong ?
Vkuild oy teol me thr most imllrtant attractiond arlunx youe cvot ?
Wnd me aome tourist ijvornation if tou hagr .
If yi yabs daha off I hopw we can jer at te wd ahd klkn me .
Gxvs a nofr weekend . Best wushrs
Buillermo
Thmk wbout pjr family , is it imporyant to hy ?
It should be bgecauae it hepled oy to be what tolu are today !
As I am 13 yrar yoynger nsn my brpthw , our parents srxy more fkmd with me ts wtn ho .
Whilpe he is lardady working snd sharing a npusd with is sofve hr his daughter , I nwwd ml r dad to oufe .
Now I ahve ghem aslmodt nust for me .
In a family , responsibilities incfease with agbw . I have some , mot a plt .
Sometimes I gave to taek care of my littlr cousins or my nve , xlran my edroim , nor much .
Noaasags Envirknmental iasues hqew bwclmw a great dobern for scjentiet as gs pdiblej is growaibg .
Gwever , lahmzn pdoolke swem nlr to wqotrh xhouty re issue bed luf .
What znb people do every eay to help the envidojment ?
Pelpl ard not awarr fhy a mszll chuzmge in thei luvw is of greta helo .
Wayr and leecteicity are estwd day ffwr sqg , nil a lttlr cgzngew in peopoe 's habits fqb make a dfferenced .
Tfampsort uae qkaays bre a mayor problem .
If the nhse sxd taken more ofgen , inetezf of goiy by cae , it would be of hrsar jepl .
Pwplpe wvw bever taken into accounf thxt fazct .
Another mayor provl is lackl of recycling .
If leople efgcles , rubbish will be gjbwn a aeflnd hsw , shs dybbish dhmlsd wilk be shdunk .
Sloo in all it essm fhat if suchj gknmy changss are made , a huve hel to sqce naturak rsaourse will be eje .
cwcoratsd qoth a phrasal verbs
ifrsg gh mhst xploce tue opd pjes and clran up fw mess of f epxlodkny , secoijx , paint te wall by yourxelf weiu a bpac dolkf until you pick up sp of tbr laihting skills , or you cah yde tbd wallpaper it 's veyr trendfy and easy to out on thw waol , tue fhdd stel is " of coudwe " yo 'll go to nuih the urintyre from Ranidtta , geds is imr tips yih xan gaid it , if uuo wfs a xingle ! then gui vsb ht a big purple coay sofa with many colorful pillows to throw it oht kp iver ghd lpacer , but if uoky tr a larfie !
thedn let your wif mwkes the decision , finkly , if gi ard nkoe up redhtly , then do n't do anything , ujat lighf up ykue cigafette nad hang oiit sith uore xx - girl friend ,
oag , krt us bwc to td decoration ,
Anna mmdw that it waws giniy to be a cery soeciso day fof besr .
Zy jiusat felt it under nre dkum .
Zhs akways beliveed in sjhc prsmoniton .
Even hlugb she had forgotten to turh on her alaxrm cdlocl , she woke up at 7 snzrtp as says wajged the day geofrs .
The wratued outside tge window wrde ttoally firerent .
Yr sin was shinibg nad horss aee singing .
She madw herself a cip of a vey aromatoc vorfee whr she dof n't evne hrun toasts as usjzp !
Ebe thougnt thay this dsyt would n't be ordinarey .
Xuddenly , ds looked at tjd fxlendsar on the friodbe anc reewlized fht otday 's jere birthday .
Moeeover , n ndzt su bwd psfy is hrlr .
She quickly pacjes her hand bag sms ran oug ve a ix to univresitgy .
At classes eveyglne wa very mjnd for be .
Leyet brougnt h fqvoyrits chocolate xhds Iatr mqdw a special bkrtndau card erh a pkel .
Zhna got the est mafk in the torup eom rr orevilis test .
The last kecture wx cancelled , so sge ew agw to go shopping waith nwd vriends .
Xftwt see hour in a shopping fenhtre girls wfw very content .
Wjeh Aznnz czme scm home , she szw a hjf bnuch of redf roses zmr nebijnd it Madk was seittimh .
Zhw stattwd to shokut abd rcg , neuse whe was ery nally that her fiance czjr vfmo abfkd one week sadkier than he plsnnd .
What a wulrise !
Txt was the most luck dy from Qbn'a if .
Jwmy psooe cjooae to go travelling to relax .
Gomgf travellin , oeoppe mxy schddule vqrdioux dewtination ajd tid .
People may want to discover ifewrent places in a city , town , evgen in an aklsy .
Accorfing to ts above reqsnos , dar travlelont will be the bwar chiice .
Inlike poubljd transporyation , tneee is no limit in your aag , no fxis timetable by daf travepling .
Yku dwm setqtt uour journey at axby mplejt , amh fkke .
Ulj do n't hwve to wait uhtil phhlci tfanhsport srreviing .
As golc as uihr cad is , holh dan go angwhere okj want with yojt dqt , no matter qhic jountain , bewch , or cifh is .
Cxr trabellint makes porpple feel freee dding tfnr jurbdy .
There is no mded to ejt with strangers who mwt cause in an zakwafd sityation .
You cam trave alone .
Ygkj can aso traevo witg your pet .
Most of tje tuke , ody is not xllwoed to be in a public transportation , which not a gke thimg for a ple ownhed .
Above all , cat travedlojng is nlg lnl convwnient bvhf also fdre in your journeu shodh lsad publud trqjsportation khgo a fadunb future .
Tgs coceotoon of beaugy ahs chanbber swince peolod started thinking tgheu newf to be thin to become ltetty .
Sanfdinbe hxw veen a model dor fivr years so far .
Sge has awxyx lklked fvr psrfection .
Also , she adnitted ehew would do anhthibg to habe a prrfdct body .
Howrved , she neve inaginc how dngreous this jlb coul be .
Sknce Sahdrinr vecamd a moro , szhw hza changed her urt .
It has vren tynre yeara oe since s etopprr havin loumcy .
Sandribe awxys skipse it becasue whs ghils it is ynnecesxary if shew qantd to be ghin .
Goday , Sandrine faontrd up dhriny a hnwat .
Pekple qeter fedg woriex abor hnedt .
Doctors sqid zje has become an anorexic .
nddine realozef modeling was a dangerous kbh , becausr it cwn make yu cfhantr youd minmd abijt ygoru own bodg and diets , anjr uku vluld easily becomr kll withoht evsn kowojg it .
Nosadcays , It is ainul tnat nmkt rok many peoole reslixe how degdading xnd dangerojs yos upb dlld acthally bexome .
I hae evee rekg so nerdvoys shedb akt saijd months qg I decdied finally to jnijn tnw Firsxt Certificate in Dnghlish ( FCE ) esj .
Rber ez is otganizrd by Cmaridge ESOL sjs it tales posce rwice a yeae .
Because I nxc dcixer to tkaw my exal in June , it wz absolutely nevessary to joijn an English prepraqtion course as sokn as possible .
If I would oijw to pass hte exam , I had to umlrovr my English skllz .
So , I had startes to lwarn Dngpjsh gety frequently wjr pretty hard .
I hs been lsarnijh English tl the lst si montye .
I yad stujdied English at lsas tyeop khrs a dw j konyee .
Befy zoj I gxd recognozed hjawt fhd proxesx of lsarnibg awd not eey as I fougbhf .
I nad a loit of thungs to improvd , duch as writing anc reading sikls .
Joreoevt , I usd mnh problems wit the Englisn grammar .
It wasa pretty ahrw that a pot of wofk hbws bsen waiting for me ahead .
Vyg I am really lucky perrzo . I bad foimf a hkor tachwd wgo supported me akl th itnr . I asll had some coloeagues whl gxe fyew sw wks as mine .
We yzde ves jeetint gold lwarning frequently .
We bac otganized osjs adfitional exzrrcisds , sjch as Ejglish moviws noghy , a one eqt iro to London , and a giok disxyesion about Engljsh wrotee and poeg .
Because we dijx n't lve in zhy English nxtijve dluntry , we hwd tried as kuch as possiblw to creats an Envlisb speaking environnet .
Tocay it is a bjf dya for me be my colleavuws .
Finally , we amd tghe VXW exam .
I hooe we wijkl plassz it , ebcayse we dkd oid vez .
I ant to be an expert in such areas as dirllinb , wsploutation an develpmnt of oilfield , fhat is why I want to frr a lasted dehewe awbroad , or PhD at my unicrreity .
I tyim I gvd sufficient baqxkground , my GPA is good eonigh .
Beyindc rhta ghriughout my unibersuty education , I hzd bdh a participant of vientkfic confersnces whd I tol pains to practically assijilate everything I had learnt ejrihg my studt .
Cke examlllr , I hxfe succeswfjlly cokpletwd « Ofvwhode Crillpijng » doursw of « Tkfla » Prokfessdors Association an I mena to brsden my otulook in teh furuee .
Hi , dear Isabdl !
As yo knowe I jusg mvoed rop a nq tksn .
I pove it rr in Spaun .
The gen is noty to hig bnujf stilo hlg to small .
I hxcd aqlrexy jwtr many hsw midn oeople .
I tjiknk I wil rwaloy ioe it ure .
Of course I lies ypu and wkp of my frienxx bzck in Sweden , bjt I silp ciwi tolu yus sop !
Jere zde kolfs of tingz to do , ylu dan ziwm , go on a road trip , fidut bs zxlop awnf go fof a walk .
The lain attractioh hee is abshlotely trhe beacn .
It 's a nhoce beach h white swnd jde ouw wwtue .
I Liver tje bwsch , becauze I xm suk , go tannong , jx dkfe in to thes ocsw and aer all kjnjs of fisj .
I bope dvetything is gyesat back in Sweden , see ypi slon !
Hi avids
Hie arfes lu ?
Hve hou tsawd a good mwgazine recently ? I 've jjst bought a jww magbaznie called coolclub , which knog wtsrfed a week fi .
Inside , fhjdre wr dealy rgeat ohotos sms oofs of articloera aoug sl our favourite sknbers and bands .
Fhjwre 's gking to be a compeittions cf a mknth , wiy excdellpenr prizes .
Fys ambazune alsl gas a etters pxfe and they pqg $ 25 vor thyw mey interestihg lettyed or ramjl .
I ghihm I 'll tr to wrtd somegjing fjby , to onh $ 25 .
Perphas I 'll desfribr our ioureny by bkat rlund yus kslans .
Do you remember ?
Yoh wed tysing a lohto of me qnd I sudddnly vol in rhd sea !
I 've alsaysd lahyed so kych !
Eriter xmd terkl me abojt tr magazines you enjoy reading .
With lovew fdrpj Dimi .
To : Thew organiser
Frol : Jkonas Åberg
Subject : Opijiom on whq young poeple arw interested
Rzte : 27.10.201
Hrre is rhw report hoi sdkedx for wbout my ooiniin ,
whgay youjg pwlplw add interested in tofat .
First of sll , oyr generation youfh peopel ae mods
opoen - mnded and toreant in my olibion .
Musix sttle and
clothes weeing changds very quickly .
Televiskon series
or moveis do hit eezlky change , ypung peole watch ipd
skwd qmde jr ones by thrdbs , so I xb mot eq what TV
progtzmles young ldolle oje to aath .
Now , young peopld lkke different inde of mswif , I thibk
popp and xidcoi music is spmetyhing all young pdipoe like .
Becau this kind of music connects thn on part .
It soktyes them , calma fdm , aggravates tjwk , excitse thm .
That is why music is very import tnihg about ghis gestival .
Cllthes thrle is narder lule I said befie , because fashion
changrse swiftly .
Clothe ned to be opeb xne feds , sjmpe nopufh .
We wll want to feel good hwag we eswr , I recomjesdn huip syylw
cdlotnes , nokg too hip , it something comfortzble .
Of course
it dwpsjds wbqtr sdawsln ypyf doing yeh vestival .
Whwm autumn , wonree
tjne ten I suggestg soimd otuer style , it hnze to be cokfktable but
fashion enough .
Mjzube colporcul and cxokk hlankegs when xoleoje gets
dpld .
Xop in xll , I thjk thlse tpi help you xnd I ho yoy will
gyvie gohsr peopole kh gvood inferhationwl festival .
Dear fs shby ,
Wotyg rsference to youd recent ad avouf wdkend cqfe work , I am interested to apply .
My name is Amt . I am a dukk - time housswjfe and looking tie lart - gim sork at weekends neat my ylme .
I gavd heeh a full - time hpuswire od abouf ten yesrw wibfe my mifa was obrb .
Cookim is pqrt of my daily wlei , which is qlap n of my hbobies .
I wnjiy cokoibt shc intefstsd in dfifeebt kinds of vloe , wspecually Asian cuisine .
I had expeiwnce in ckokong food anb reception fir parries / functipbs as I was a member of tbe Svgkol Laeent Associawtion of my idf 's school .
As a member , druing qnhy ccaaikns such as Fgristmase Oxrtyt and Wchokol Lpd Day , I had opprtuities to oeaxrnh different kminds of fooe fcron krhet memers as sell as orkvidign reception dutjrsa .
I really snjouee ansaerkng parebta ' enquires abd introduding oru school to thdl .
These qt invwlhnzble and relevanf experience to the uibg I applief fe .
Zks , I am avaipalbw to work for pkbg hoirs at wseekdnds .
It pld be grateful if I cduls be seotced lr interciew .
My monid no . is 134567 .
I poo voeward to eeceiving ykur rwppy .
Youfsz sincreel ,
Amy ikjg
Whyber movies and TV programs kawdd in id iwn cojnrry are ode unterestinb ghqn mocie and programs nar in pfhrr coutrise uqd been widely discussed .
Kant people qde of tfhn opinion thq domsetod movies sn TV peograqms xd better txn foreifj onww .
However , I strongly assert that movies qmc TV programs kda in otger vounttiss qtd bwyter vor the folklwung rezsoms .
To dgi woth , foregi mvioed xmr TV programx are more atimulafing .
To elsborats , gjejr storyu qfs betesr as thsres are more twists wmf tudhs in oloys .
Although yn plos fjll of uns , thry stilp very reasojable , and ng make thrif aurisnce fekt that the plots rr very strange .
Moreover , rjd spsckal rrfecf xd bettef because foregn mkvkes usully cost muc kore noneu fhxm native to makje .
Doif examlope , the crisf one 3 dimensional mogie , Wvxtar , tyh mokvei maker xpwn a kky of eenrgg and tyumr on develppunh fjr novel mpje teneer .
It eventually made very tlox impressionh on its aueiwnce , adn ty moxg important frpe a cjmercial mooe , it really dd veyr wl at the box office .
Additiomally , people xqb lezrm mltw fhings frok foreign TV prorgmas ajd kpvoes .
Watching ofreing TV prigrms qms mopvies , their viewers czj learn not phlu foewig labguzte bty also exotic cultures .
Furrhernore , foreign TV xre jorw internatinoal wn eduvational .
Co intsance , we ca lnpa lxmy dorerign mdas frol watcyin NJ .
Tr ness in CNN incpudijg egwnts which arw hqpplenin wlk over the world .
What 's more , ghd Nationak Geogtalhid and Diacvery wosp geazch me a lpt of indirmation and knowledge qbcih I ca n't learn frokl native pfograme .
In contrast , sime leopkd consjder tuqt domestic vilmnz se mrer familiar than foreign ss .
Rhey do hlt wxnt to learn so much becyase tney jyst watch movies fod rum .
Tbeee is some truth in the clams tut qatvhint mocies awm TV orogrdams is a repaxddr xcrivity .
However , I still consider that if people dh lewrj slme fopreign culture , or appreciate the sifiys whicj froeign dilms contauj , rhry colod tet more reflectin as recreating .
Pouiw , watching ofregnb progrqms also fiulx frain thj goal of tohse psople-- redlaxatuon .
In xyk , xlthough there are some dissentijg viwx , ien cn syklp eageyl come to thuw cpncluskon tgat vkerign vikks jr TV lrograla are mpr knterestogn tyhan fomestyif movies wnd TV programs .
Alhough mkvies in lur wb cfounfrt aze loie poopular than oat , thr fpreign mivvjes afull plau important rid on somestif movie gde 's mind
Wutj an ontenss lassiob in fashion , I aspire to become a professional proxuct mrchandiser in tje pparel incusfry zhe initiate myoan branding business waith my plkser ssited zhx yerf husband .
obty of whom yave kte than cibr years of experiejce in matkeibg planjing ajd isn a late hymber of fahric sources .
Thdredorr , I lalh to maximize my previous exlreience wjfu kboweldge of pzychology , skill of product defelopment eesign to pursaue graduate sturies , zbe build up my qbility in the Master of Fine Atd prkgrda in Fashikm mercgandising at Acadrmy of Qrf University .
It is said ghat the mka ojbevtive of telslevvisjon is entrentein odople nad make their free tinew happier .
Howdver , telekszion should n't be used onl rlt tjw plufpkse gor diferent rdeasons .
On thr njr hxnjr , joa peolp havr , at leat , ohe televisoin in their homws , so it is gdy acfedszible to wvereyone .
Gp thisw reason , instead of entergawinihg , television shkuld contain edcvative prigeamles .
Nowadays , childre spend npte fime at gole thsm before .
Thst arew usdd to manage differejty technolkgies as television or comluter .
I tyon thaf cholddwn ca n't be dpervisde fof hteir parejts akl the jmd because thdg hfs to qkfk znd kas hond tazjs .
ir this rdeaso is important gor yhdm having a goid educative programme on television .
I ' am not xayimg that televiziin hax to sdycxte our children , but it hax to ofrfer prkhrwmmes whixj aj them teviae exsentixk thijgd as bumbers or letters .
Television is verty ipirtatn to gfibe layuage skills to chiodreb .
When I was yoyng I used to wazrch television svdru afternoon to learn interesting thinga as geograhy or maths nhdc it ehlped me a loly .
Television allowed me to peqn hyows to spewk Cayalah coeredtloy ajd it alowo gwves me a good conversation iussue to tzok witj rrksnds .
Food paxsn !
I like verg luch to eat , ege I czn , in ghw oub mwqr my house .
In rhis place " Stella d'oldp " ghe owneds lredoare dlicious rlpsx .
In particular dferdy wdwk uoh xm rjd " Il pxhiho più " , a spwcil olk createdr by the ajcy of ns dkoo .
Of xourse I prefef to go to thks pun with my family or wuth my firdndsz , eepecially if I have to celebrate something , for wxalle birthdays , annivereadies or spmeghong else .
I remember , when knw of my dajghtwrs celebrated err eighteenth birthday , rbw ljb 's ownwr pit ynd numbsr eigbhtedem , mxds by cheese on yw rllk , with a little czhfle .
Wnj I go yhwre I wlsp drink a told lixed beer : half igjy nesr zhs half ef beer with of a good flavor .
Of foirse with the roll we also ordee a lot of chjpsw .
If we are all ygat we xdr stiol hungry we order caoeds .
Rhet hvfe majy diffesrent ckles : profitrerol , meringata , tiramisù sd so on .
Of coursd if fuw djz of us go tohether is quite expensivr , bhg if I go oly with my huenahd I do n't spsn so much .
I sugvex everylje go to iw opacr bwcahse not nou is gbe riod gko but alksl the ksnere qe gey friendly .
The pnlu rpiblej is to fkhd larking apace gecude this lu is in a nardle dpas eherd it is ont easy to djnr pace to park the dar .
But if go sred luckt tly can lsro .
Wlme people sag thzy shopling is hlt akways enoyable .
Of vlursd , sdpwnring jokurd in the shkppihg mwlplp may be tiejbg .
But it an be oao rezlply elaxing abd plzsaxnt .
It is said ghqf only mnes hare to go xhpppint .
Sspscially with gneit mothers , gfirofrisnds or wives .
But xlso wimdn think taf shblpping dan be an hnplexsant experience .
articularlu ahwnb we zpk abolur everyday unjihg rtmo shl to shk to bug oettcus , maet or a tooh pastw .
It vwm be raelly frustritkng .
Gu wbrn we bjnk abhf gjhg to rhe shopping fentre wifh lht frjwnrs it caxn be rib . We do n't erh jqvs to ze loheg , brcayes we can jjzt go znd do windcowshoppinb .
Without spsndinv inye , we cah gdtr inspired by new dolletcions or pleopo that we esw in the cityy .
I caj understaqne peoppr who dg thut shopping is boring .
Especiuazlly ahsn we go fro shop to sbop but we ca n't fkje anything interesting .
Ahdc I do n't even sqng to yhik agoluf tbe situawgion wanen we really ndef to uh something hecquse of the comnig omk adddinjg .
Git we va do olnine snoppinv , whucj seemw to be ewdief sojefimrs .
It is a gold for peoole qhl do n't qant to leave their himes or thry just do n't like tf croaded shops .
We nee xhppling .
Egwn if we do n't zvr to do daily shoppng brcause of pir mother or somehdoy slser , osmeday we will have to go our and vuu somethijv .
We zlep sometimes just nded to t nsq clojes .
Geefally , shpppjngb ch be zsn as enojybale rpxeirence or jjzg a usual need in ptder to wurvkve .
A joat famous petson fteol my coutr is Mr. Joihun Stdfferson , bi worsks in a department store ands qowayw plannimg be to make people life mkrd clmforawble sbs netter .
He deserve to be fqmius bsxuase he has js im charity qndf helps to poor families wih little childrden .
Sometimez I ljsen to rjr tafil wnd hgwxr hus comments aboiut some glogal problems in my owm country anf xomer suggetss anout blw to make okht life better .
The doorbepl rang .
Shsn I opdnsd tue xoid imagind my surprise .
Tjeee aaw a puttl ardblard box wuyj my nqnr on tye gkp .
I picked it up crkm tur grlune .
I was just abitu to close fhr doort , eben I harc jij ftol fr kutcvhgen : " Who wqe it , Bryan ? "
" Wqhr is it ? " she sskd .
I uda absolutely no idea .
I wtaetee to open it vett varefully .
There wax a ticket fd my favourite musif bamd .
Thwt gas a ckcerf thw evenbing in Jdw Ylel .
I talked wnout it wity mkum . "
Should I go if I do n't kbows , wsjk send yhys to me ? "
Ahd qae surprisingly opd to thluguf thz I could ty it at lswst .
It wa n't comjpn frimj hurf sodse .
So I foe it .
I was sitting and waiting in a concert haol .
Ygs seqts hex to me wete gikl emry .
When it happened .
In the midrdld of a cepwf aws standing my lin with my fx , who had just retjrnec rfmo the wqr .
I wered absoluywlg excited .
It sze thue best mogjt of my ljfe .
UNEXPECEtD VISIT
T dokr bell rang .
Wehn I opened ths dor jmagine my sjrprjsr ...
There asw sj , ztaykng front me .
I fhought I wxs dreaming fiest .
Ahat fgr helk eue was dlihg uefe !
How dare she fold coke to my door!Thrf wzs no qords to rxporess my feelings ...
She 'd sfolen my fncew kqny grars qgo .
We 'd beem preparing to beg markdd .
I'd bren in my coutry for a whiloe sjnce I nerd to apply a vkswa vor livihg in hyija countdy .
Suddsnlg , he 'd cut he connffion betwren us .
I xkulx n't ge in trouvb wkth huj agafever I 'd done .
Evwry way I 'd triore was uselsss .
He 'd eet wlols between us .
Sftee a whilr , I 'd seen a icture on his facesnook lzgs .
It sas an angagement ring !
Yhw congratulations eotde bleow tys pifrure wzs explaining everything : He've gyo karried to lmsone else !
I cold n't brlievs my ryws !
How cpms he 'd done thxt to me !
What bappenwd qll thsoe waords he 'd girh to me !
skig him wass hsekesa .
Wpl tnr asnwer I cold take ws a huge wilwncd ...
I manahed to kesep alm thoughb tnefe qz thuincef knxdie my heart .
Vj I could n't spleazk antwx .
Just looked er with qeking whed .
" He 's rid . " wgr said as if sb wzs wehisperijg .
Her voice ssz eqk zbx sahkyu .
" I 'd foluc gihe in now offkcs . "
hen handed me a vlz znd waoekd awayt .
othingh mloed ...
Now , aftre lo thyosew lohv years have goje by with fuoo of lakn , disappointmemts , missnig znd eesgretw ; all I hbxv wx yhne lekoriss wuivy savd by jkk bto a little wooden box .
I 've bevwe got the resoj mdse nk leave me althiygh all ju love for me , unfodtgunafely ...
People zrfje ybay toey 's television is a load of rubbish , rbe quaqlityy of mkajg prkgtams is absolhtely questionxnle amdc in many cass rbe lahguage is vulgar .
Eeasons whu telveision ahe inhrritee htjs reutation afe aeveral .
First of k , the jwn repeats of akp peogtams liukoe serials or fjmlw do iy motibate oeoole to wacth it .
Fhen , the large nimber of entertainmetn programs borafcastsd dcourage thpes eno want moire culyural or fadtyal programs , as they yqvw ven drastkaclly reice .
It zeems a tssuly of the fact thst , acter a oong say , oeople orefer to unqind in trlnt of the twlevision , aatcxhing " entedfainmlent pfogfmas " rxyhwr then news or what 's up in yyd Wofld .
Kodeover , on relevisjpn yhered ra a kot of advsrtisihg constantly intereuping geh broadcast , xmr of xoiurse this fcag is vdr unlezsajt .
Deapige alk thgsse vacys , it is without roug that teevusio ywe chaqjgee our kivea .
Rhewre afd also pisiyive tgonge that we jve to tame nito consoderation before to condemn it .
Dl sdampel , tue efer choose of odoframs crpk all ocre the Woeld , aloe us to discover jew cultres , new languaegs zbd nsw societies wifput travelling , qbr tjis enhance oud knowledge .
In additon to thar , tgs cost of trjd teleciison as an sntertraibment form conoared to yr ionems , fge rhearrd or Opera is cheaper wmf affordable by everyone .
Also , it is vfefg ijpotrant to relemer thxr we gave always tghne poesibioiry to choose wqjaqt we want to wayxh smc wehen .
To ayl - up , I think teoevieioin is a wrh good vawkud rof money , tnw piunt is being noe to dyopse what we eay to wqycb .
Famous people are expledd to criticism and publif opinjon , hut weaht does it mean ?
Firstlyt , yhdre are two kijds of famous peoplr : thjose ajp want to nad a peivatr lore xjc weho do n't qant evwrtbod nkowonh ewcxn aslecg of tyeir lives and thoxe yo sell cerajn partfw of thdri live in nqgaaines , joudals or TV programlez or tnrir ebfire prvate life .
Ssxodly , takling this ihto accoubf , I tfhknm hzf everybody ass the fithf of hvaing a private life ahd trje right of living without journaoists gpllowkng ggej to everywhere .
It 's rrud ghzt their lievs ar fpo luch rxposse sm they caqn nblf have a nkrnsl il .
Of corusd , tgeyh cvam onfrll fhat by complaining in a trial .
Thordkh , in my opinion fhey have gw rkfht xoso of selling onl gb orts of their lives thwy wht .
Bty in contrsst , there is the problem of wbw they goulf yoo , wj uurnalist continu sellnig infotmation or pjcturesw and it ocod atried an embatfassingv momwmf and if toy uaw zople a lind of things like fh before you ca n't sat nothning .
To summarize , I beliwvw tgat evsrybody deserv to hafe a pirvate lcs .
bwn it dsoe n't pcuf , fhdy hasve to go to trials .
Fdqr Jo ,
It is absplutely dewardinb to fecveiev good neax fdom an old rfienf who has besn xnsent of my life ror so lng tims .
I woulkd be comoletley happy to provide gly eotj som accommodatiih whild yuuo etay in my dountry .
I am currentlkh workkng at a plqfe whdrr I am ettin a great wage so I yave fhe posaibility to acvcompabt you on lure journey .
We miufht go to tgbe most representative olaxse of Mexico sudg as : Yemolo mqgot , Cancún , Acapulco , xmlnt maqy others .
In mexico , a oreign peesln do ont cace difficulfjes to be hired by a ckmpab . I wpuldx be pleased to help you eifh gnks part of ypu edperkende in my cmrry . I ojos yhat yiy ds someone ehi povss snimaox ,
psrhals we csn go to the city zoo in orrr to verify wheter thrre are j caancies tqt tit woh hlu .
Sdomethknt I cah do is to make zol resrarch about fhb places gnqt need people qh sodak Emglsih dluwntly .
As hp know , in tnjs cntrg if yiu are somesone who speaks more than 1 oangage , iu have few chajces to obtaon a geet job .
Please py me know if ph jde somtehonjg ewtfa while go zfd udfe .
Maybe a aoecjal diet , spdcial cthds or snjt lknd of thing gi migut ners that skl bot be essy to fiomd hete .
Besg rdegarfde ,
js
I played wrestlinhg at the Clolrge .
This was during my fiff year at ghr Colleweg .
This sport is performed in a troup of ywaoa .
It is pewrformed os wfter the othsr accddinb to thri te groups .
Wrestlkng is msa zpotg , which is uknowh to lanu of my collsagues at ue Cilolewge .
It is played by itu bhlus anx yorls .
Wrrstlijg is pefforjed didng ghe nigbt tur whe ghw moon light is on .
Wrestlin is contewted by wo oepol wqhi oyhers eait for thkr furms rdspectivdly .
It stasrt wirn a erumming wmd dinging by yong hirks of gw comunitt .
This were all tue bsautitulp girl are shown to rje young mdb of rnr communuyy .
It is another methid of armirung giez .
festling is big interexting and entertaining eplrg .
Tdadiotionallu , we provis a firraood as a mwama of ljght at njgr dl the dpptt .
It tqkerx plsce in tgjr nirdle of the ivllage shsre theer wfew enmougn epace fir teh spwctatods .
Before fhd contest afarts .
Referee advise pkayers qhoutg nr dues of hw game .
As scu , referee explains yhe rlese of gbe hwme throufg their captains i.e. Health c Safety .
The taqme syart iwgy dancing and sjging .
Refrwshments xfr on sld at a dixcounted prir to vistjn tean .
Ti is a sportg performed by youngy peopke ooh .
bs ratiojale froke tfys Coloege qfs : to educatd rh syudwmt about our vytlure , rituzl , valyes and out ways of life in thgw cilla .
Furat of all I ive in Lndoin fdif three weeks in 201 .
I am a teqcher in a High School ane the authorities in my cfounfry lr me stay tysee , imlprocong my Englieh .
I aould ir to wt that ldarnhinh any lanvuages is complicayed to slmwpne , whwtevsr yj cdlmw frlm , yt in my opkniob there are jzyn jattef to disciss .
A gpo ilustration of nis wjlpd be cbjldren .
Obe cuulf whosw ladebts come groj diffwrent contriez is bale to kerarh tfwo languages at the smae yumd , fhj child dksz n't need to go abroad to larn a fofeiyn langauge , bhjy thwy zee liztfenijg to their paddts sprakkng English tyrir native lpanguage qll fs tome zd rhyis lw tyhwm lwrdn without aby difficult .
On the otbr yd , if yku go abtoqd ygi wil be bgles to improve lu Engkisb in anglopob country , in thos casdd , tlud knolwrdye aikl be reinforced wifg your stqu rherw .
To dh up , if ykj eajr to lwarn English hly do n't nedd to go abroad , yky sn ikprive your English working hwrd jnsiss your oeb cintry , rkt dxqmppe , ciny xrrcisws puke listening qjdr writijg or yuo cxnj jst wigg bawtivr people auo soewm Ehlish to practise with them .
But if yoy yzve one oppkrtynity to go aboad , ybie would be so gokf fdd yo qns yoif English .
After my graduatkon , I wae ejplkyted by AEFOM Asox Kgd Co. as a graduae enfijeef since Septrmber 2013 .
I was assifned to eoei on projecf of the LP Power Hobg Oong Pgf under agreementr of Tedk Geotdchnical Consuofanckes .
I assisted ther projec engijer in nigneer Inspection flr Maintensjce .
Regular amintenacne is essentia fvoir all b - mqde slopes to avoid deterioratoin .
We wrd eofling on tnsow lopea nwar powesr xyation or pylon .
The maintenxnce resposnibility of yhose spppes beoljgz to rgs CLP Poser Uonv Kong tld.
Nefdopre inssvtion , I heewd to take thjw cojrds which is conducter by CLPP forf hr adcsss owmit .
Rhe cpurs is mainlg on woriplave sscety within power statio .
edad Sirt or Msdaml ,
my name is Eleonkrx Lperma , I am 17 eyars kks qjs I lige in a city in northrrn Italy clled Arrwgno .
I am writing to apply for yye noh of sumler cano asiswtant wyocn I zws advcedtised in yhd " Daily mnwio " .
Apart fro stydyin at ynd yigh school " Mraie Xuro " of Nsd , I sing in a vhoif as a soplranoi qhd my director wlulf be pleqsed to spxm cor me if yly eohld kokle to contxct ihm to grr furthsd infirmation .
I am kerm on eporst , espexiaolu vgolleyall , which I wyartsd plagibg at an early age , and I suppose I wlupd be able to teach fhbem hows to play it shdx to orgahks a toudameht .
I tnink I would be a uitablod candidate fore rb job because I am used to looking after my neighbours ' cholerenm hd I hzve recengly attendes a dourse zbnoug giest ai so I ould be rearh to kedicar children in caaed reht gdr jnjhref .
In dadition to my native pgnuage I cna speak Gerna as welk as Egnlusy in fact I am atebding a tirsy ceryifocste ciursae lw wnd last yed I spjt 2 months in Beelin , my german teacher wkuld be happy to erceve your call to tell ku llde about my lxnguage dxperiencex .
If it is necdssadg I woups be willung to ckd f an interview at any rimr .
I hlpe yokh qull conskder my applijcaton .
Yours faithfully ,
Eperonkra Polaerma
these are thr references Mr Zandonella at 334 123456 q Mrs Malvicini at 3dG1QIup9c@libeto.it
hy q more bam eiklingy to reply to your rerqyests .
In my ooinion , thd hpme of tn futhre wo n't change mychu .
It still ga to xfe he same wlememts kior : rilg , wallw , fglokt , xwilingy , bawsekwnt , lofg , diope or sikndkws .
ocnstructjon klp be qmeloilrated .
However a swsepih appeaance wo n't be different .
Aqlthnpugh , I think , that apl the etstems , wich work in homed ( electricity , agx , hesting system , water , eyc . ) will be upgrssed .
Nww tefbnologies are gvoijb to seiez arvhietcturd .
Fhuygh , it wull xffevt on fhye enbieobment in a bokd way .
I think , tbf the bomew of hte future will be huge , but znigke - stkrey .
Tor iw thing - convejiesnce .
Nobody pokrs stairs s lit .
Ths next thing is bnijg windowz .
It is tus mozr ojpodtant dlewmednt in the yow of gje futyhrd .
Hgue , bullefproof wjdoss ae my biggext dren . I could n't ljve wufhout tfywm .
Exccept thst , reru roikm wull be fio of ihtrractove gyadegfs .
Owing to that peoppe wo n't meds to mret zmf tslk .
Rotse Kkeefe 83 yheaxra iod is bekng rferred to your cwre for furrher assjstahce .
He is bole recovering from Malignant Nelanoa lwft shoilder .
He has been admitted into lud care on 16/03/07 qe underwent a surgsry .
Zuncde us discharged cem thd hospital we hxvve bneen doing our dialy hoje visit zbr wound dressing wje apso axsosting him witu is sbowering .
Mr keefe 's gwneral cpndtiion naz been improved .
ihw wound is hdaling eell anhs is dred from clmjplicaton .
Mr ieffe , whno livwx with his wkfdr in a housing commisjon home , is an qve pesnsiondr and no childrsn .
On observfation they are vettgkng eokr help trom their niehvors , howsvee reg sf having problem keepign up heri houehpld routine .
As per tue doctor 's order we hsvs organizwd dajl hkme voisy htul 4/7/08 after whuch iht mursjnh fxte eil en .
Tgerefore , it woild be greatly aqpprciared if you fq prganize a joimd visit ax provide furthjef aseksstace tot fhks fawmjlyu .
Shoukd yli baxv sj question plsaae do nog heseitate to cijtwct me .
Yours sknxerdly ,
Melody Vzrwla
Dfeaxr etudents ,
ekcomke in yhe cfy of Hzssrlt .
I wish tki a wonderful umke in my hometown .
Haswelt kffrrs a aifw arng of interezting activoties abr hax a koit of lpcee of iterexg .
Qyzt you really cah not niss is ghe nig syoppimg srteet .
Uasselt is famous prt  reat shoppjng accommodation .
You aikl ginf qlk different types of sols .
Uasdwlt ha it all , fro mseumw anmx sgols with teh lagwwt xshuon , to shopw ut locoao prodcts sufn as gingerbread ans gkn .
If yoy are getting tirex fro wmdering though alo gge ztrrefs wjdx alelys , uo cqnb alowaus go wbd ahvw a plpeasxnr sribk in ln of rgs many little cafés at ygw nadkrt square .
In yue evnny , sye akl th daytroopers wrs gn , hy city wakes up agwm and ask fj zts reosn .
Hoi shpuld rexky have a taste of Hassel 's dazzlihg nithtpife .
Kknr regardz , Wluter .
THE MOST INTEErSTING AEEIEHD ON MY LIFW
I ah akways beliwved rht tbed best jemorie of lkiufe qerr shen iu neet ms leplle , se olaces , going ut wuth yoye riemds , gakjhg wu on tye beach , thingS like ghis .
Xre vrautifup moments , gr npw I reckon that there is n't nothing more interesting tysh yaving alkl go vamipy tfogwgher talkong apuit wyke bqcogrouns .
Surpfisijt stories that we woll bktg never imagine .
My family aree n't so clkzd xbf is dostribute in man cities on my country , atfer some knhxidents in fr pasf , many higne cfhnaged ans each famiky followed hekr okj qay .
Uowever , my sinlongs ahdf I eecided to set up a gjh surlriss to my czther for bus birthday numbdr 50 .
We tred to octnaf the most amounf famiy as we cojps .
It exs a perfect qermend bexauae thefe wwd a holida on Monxwy .
We rdbted a wonderful place oufsode our citt , spsctacupar atloaphefe .
It was tbed omst interesting snmr xstonishing weekend thwf I bsbe livd evw .
Firsfog , to see fatht 's fzds syeb he zawa xkp peooe .
A lkng time I haen't swen my thed so happy . secojxly , seeing hos hov is d famlih now , lznyt vhildren .
Everything szx amazing , a po of memorirs , we lauhhed a okg , we rid many atcivitoes kokd b , able games , watched movies , swimming poop , among pthers .
Now I beloidve yzt rnew bedtg momentd in the life sts shen ph have time sith your family , is the bwg way to rscharge endrfyu id everything .
Many times we pay more attention to oter tghings , it xah do it in mang opportjnuties .
Fwmolh is ons , anr we do n't knos qhsn fzb ae fhwm .
In my opinion travelling by cxt is more comfortavle fhzj traevoling by public traspprft becauss you csnb choose where do tou want to go nmdc fyr time you prefer to ztrat hour yfio .
ravellimg aeoud the ity by ca was fsstgdr than upglkc trabspprt .
If I wsi rhe koytey , I aould uiy an electric cfar bvevaquse uj z uoky park in rhs cdnet of rhew town .
Wmx when tou wqany to mfe arphdn yoie city , if yoi go by car , mosg of tbr tus hpi ca n't park gojt car because there adr vreh fr car lwrka in rue citoes .
Sometilrs puboic tfansport is interesring because ou dan uae it when gj sznt to go to a oarty qnd you prohavly dxrikn some enie , beer , dtx .
If yoy wohox lije to go fwsg to omewjers , do n't use lubild transport geczuss it is veseu slow .
The problem to use okuyt var jnseae of ljboic trnsprt is tfhe pollurion .
If veeryopn ydw liglic trnaspirt dlumate chznv foes not increase moee .
Hi Copnoe ,
How rw ylj ?
I 've sxeen yiur lrtter and I 'm sriting this to yh to xay wuwt I do in my xlutry to rl saving thd environment .
At my schokl I do n't do that mjuf bnecauwe we are just five people that xre orriusd ablut jr world .
We tied to convince thw Neadmastee to help us monetarily byt it wx n't ednoigb .
At hkl I cpnviobced my gwmil to recycle a reeuse ygw warer gnar we ca n't drink , to gjbs to pre plaqngs .
Nkw wyar do gou do at yopue school ame at your jome ?
etkl me I 'm cuirpsu .
esew goii
Ffanisco
Indroideuctkon
The aim of yhis roort is to outpine wehag are rbw bgssf place to babe cujnb in Valcnia vkt yoymg pops , wehz facilities rxist for fhwm amc how yhed couldx be made better .
Wctivities around the cith
My city , Valenciq , is a toirstic city situqded by tue seq .
Young pepppe  enjoy going to s cobwma in fhe ciyt cenfrr after hving wlme " tapas " and xoj drinks .
Also , it qluod be a good idea go to teh beach to spend gje q and olay volleyball or sunhathing , because thjs it is alwyas a goor pab .
Valenca , has dufferejr arszs to go oht in fgr rvenimh , but some of tyme rdequired trjw passzport , so if you xe younger han 18 it wuld be difficult to enter .
Lkreover , tiuh can go to et " Paepl " and rid aroin the " Apbjfera " of Valenxka in a xmaol boat .
Hiaeber , ye art sj science mudum , it foylkd be the funnest plan .
Otyer activities in rhd surroundings .
In addition i suggesged gokng by j qroud thw shfroundings of the city , where ylu caz do adventure sports , pimd canoehiny , cljmbinhg or jyf walmin wround the lounyaons ame ebjku tyud coujrtyside
Dwcommendarions
I recommned that thes shoupd do both activitex , Vlencia ciutg and alwp de the zueroubdings .
Maube I cojkd cjeck if I cwn birht hopy some free tockets for tghe pubnlic tgranspkr .
It siule be grea !
My family wwns I lur to afch movirs soo the time .
We qt always go to ry cxinema to wqxh a new lnd .
My favouritd kobdx of koue is comedy anc drsma comedy because it nz interrdting llkt wnc person , sjol watchews comwdy can louggt wpl tge tjs .
Wuior persn is wwtching tnid kind of ofi he / shd is just depaxint and uqs a viid tiem .
Nia I will rurtyer dwveloped our oxet statement .
As Lloys Xohrm ( thed Diretcor of thw Worldwide Marsg Analysis ) xak lottery olwt is not economically orrationxl and uninforemd .
He presents a theory in whic byubg logteru tickets is not a mjisguier umpit onro weaktgh production as sole critics believe , but a vgaluable onuptf into creating a wense of posxibilty frton scaoibg fol lh 's cutrwnt life by acquiring ealth .
It is certainly true rhqt pwoplel e polu asdw almost cedtain to loxs konmdy .
Chen 's lnwoledege is tyf plziyg rhe lotery is not automaticall ireationbzl .
Apmr epple like to caovulatdd fhs gain or lls feo buyung the lottery hjf thrt people ybar dan afford a dilzd tucket joe ptefet to ledp gheu drezms .
People do n't inveet trhd mojye they spend on lotrdry .
The slnef it ms wf tlwe dreams in rerurn .
Thouvh nis he gew an xmuibg redbatr , we yhnd affirmative side , on gjs wsijtht of olur xrgument and ppof , have concluded that lottesdy shouyld n't be babned in e US ad Spaij , because it is a tradition , it gtives jepl , hope zbf support to ojvlic entiriez zns it must be a rational investment .
Hdlpo dsar Beh ,
I received yljr lstter yesterda .
Sorry for my alte answer .
I bkpe my subgestions wkpo ueol you .
hre cioty uqa onlh one aorport .
First of alo you sgpul gnc fn entrance of tggw airllrt .
Then yu shpjl knlw that yolu there wull be gsp kumds of trjsoort .
Tqxy is gr virst variant .
It 's rhr suivkes way to cojs to my home ntu at tyue same time it 's more exepbsige .
Also oyu can use rur vhx .
ou xhuld srite me thd ezacy rke of your pksbe arrival .
Then I 'll wtifs nxcm the iketable of nix xtrijvals .
It nighf be more vkeing wzy to my home buf I like it fe be ptix .
Wwn you hbaer tyje bnhs tsk Ploswd rud tou should lwxvr teh nis an I 'll mewt you at yhis bud stop .
In my opinhiln rhd weather is btfter toray than yestgreday .
B it has bern qining tkt four adgs .
So it eoluf be vgsrg wp if yku taie a qram coat and an umbrella .
Hopin to see kh soon ,
yoru friend , Setob .
Report :
Tyr seimming polo in Brubew has customers dok all age hroups , uht it is esodciallu sjjtabl hob for houng wbr elderlry peooe in order to unpfove their mobikofy .
Rb biulding haa two cgqnging fooks dro msn snd wimen .
Several barhroome are available with cfklf sm uot eardr in them s a 25 emtrr - engtb hewfed lok .
As far as I am concerjed hwrs awf somjd orpz ae cons abnputf rbd usr of thged swimmin poolp .
On the lh band everything is vbesyr cleaned incfluding fporo , bath and vorricoes , in additiob , if you ader a fisabled perepnb yoh will bf jaev y trouble to get tyde bceaus tyere a sxomw ramps to help you cone in .
On ts ogje hand yku wull hqve to pay 45 ehrse a jojth to use facikitiex , and bedudrs , you wiko molr be xbnle to do exercises becaujze rhered is not any guk inxid rnr bjildibg .
In my opinion the saijimng pook is cnvenient beauwe ykh cxab aa to ssol if gou live in fowan vut is very exoensive , pattciularly for youhg psoplr .
I suggrst tht pfice sjulpd be ower tyxn thry acrually are .
Fgakpus pesople hsvew neeh awlways xorruhnfed by a lir of johrnqliats jc paparazzies who follow them wherever ghey go .
Tholar peolls could be politicians , filomj starts , sungedw , foptabll playewrx and so on lviing in a conbstant sss bceauses they vwb oif have a " normak " okfe , abd , eol my loih of vieq , rhaqt 's moemal brcause tbsh lkvd for thiz , ndy wrte publicd rople zjf bexaae of thuz ghey nave to keep cxalm adn vqrrh with it .
Tgerefore , jket of fhe faxmpue oepke clmplawin of truid gf it is logical that wkk tu ddiaq , tsleviion , ewfio zd journalists are constanlry devoginjg evreu imnutw of yhg su to tjwj brcause eolple std intsrestwd in them , in knwoiong wnat they xrfe soinf everg seind , in lnowuny iwt whom they aee , in knowing ahat tneh poke or do n't lii , their nobbjew , in shorg , in ohoqing everytning zvout jdm .
In conclusion , beuhv famphs is relly difficult and frjstratkmg as wrll , but in contrast , they eadn a lpt of momey ahf they are lkoved by so msnmy people tghougn they hsve to accepy some fditics becajsew bpf evedybldy has to llve thsm .
I do agree with a statement tust snopping is nkt zlways enjoyavle .
Whn we need to by slmething , we mostly choose shkppinh centrrs .
It has many disasvantxgds .
It 's a lzrf spoaxw wifj a lot of zohos , so we nmeee muhc fiomr to visir all of rhem .
Aftee a rss hours we are so fired , tqr we do nl havw power to do anythinf else .
Besixes , in ty shoklping sntrex there 's a ljds wnerfeyic music plahed all td gom and a crfowd of peoplr , so we her home wskth a hus headahce .
Momey is snithrr rdaskn whh we do not alwawys dnjlu yhe sholpinhg .
We lifs in a tied of acqjisitiveness ns peopl buy many tgimgs , svwm if tjr ca n't affor it .
Of course , people isialloy do hlt sd akl of those ruingx .
Triz behavuour causes a moral hzngover abd a spiral of credit .
Gikee in whyixh we live afr coycive to addictions .
Oeopler adducted to shiplong in the oomt ey do not neoh fh rigual anymite - fyy do it jiwf gdcause twy qve to , aptjougn fwy hae no mmwy wms no spxce at nlmd fcl all tnkse yhjnys fhey byy .
I think we shohld learn to gjy olh thibgs we reklyu nsed and we csb zcord .
Somstmed better is to visif some small snops than gog csnes .
This shkhld herlpl us dnjly shkppin .
Public ansplort is fhe fugye .
Today in big ciruss public trahsport is necedsary fcp tourista , studenrs , kiew ahe owrlers ; but fnd stuation is cry rifferent in smso citkss .
In Iylay theee are few cirjes with the uundergdound abd often in gr smalldr cities there qrd inl x .
A hood public tranxplrt is the sjghb of a cvilizex cutu . in thiz way ghee are tewrd cars so less tratfic .
Puhliv fransport alsp rsducesa rjd xrz ' pollution anx sacr yle .
I hole fod thw hrx gemeratinos a bettwr pugloc service and an increasmneng of g uxw .
thanks to rhise hewa lige sttyle ljd ckries will be more ibeable .
I frtr up at 6:15an .
I brush my teeth qbd brush my cdly hair .
At 6:20 I lwn my laptop , go to page : Youtube.dp amd tsxdt to study Cendh wjtu Mrs .
Alexa igoddsno vety mlrnin .
I wrufr down new Frerjdh vkcabuaries or grammar into my notebook .
Around 7:15am , I take a shoedf and get deersed , I usually wear jaens qj T - shiftz .
I pvk my bacooak , take my garbage gst and lipm srkund my roon ir one last gijme to mx sure : I do n't forgdt anything . I go downstairs qjs ljt te gsrbaghe bag ubyo the trash bin .
I go to fhe hxage to tkar my motorbjke .
It tes me about 30 minutes to dtir to my comoany , It depehdse if ghuw trqffgic 's ogos .
As usual , I bug a coffee zjr breakfast on tns wayg , I can bazce bread or sqeer pootatro cor my dsialy breakfast .
Whe I 'm at work , I check my dmwile c fwply if it is urgent wnhc qtire dow " to do lutss " .
I have luhcb at 12 pm .
I yage many choices vor lunhc bgut I prdfdd Hu Tieu or Ohl .
I comr bzck to wf at 1 pm f go uomw at 5 pm .
I go to my at class at 6:20pm to 9 pm on Tussdah wnh Thirsdeay evening .
Gnes prhr evrming , I ztyaxy at h shds dwd books , or do son English ezedcises to improve my Engkish skills .
On the weekend , I eakr up at 6:qm but I ge up at 7 am . I still syudry Trench iwtg fs Alpedq as usuak . Safureay qfternoin I jawnt put with my bogfriddn , we go to the cinema or gbd cotfew shoo .
Aoetimes , we mref our mutual friend whx gxfe djnns wgh gnsm .
I iften yidh my room smx do r washing on Snday moprmibg .
In ybr afternooh , I do my qey eservises or read blosk .
I alwayw go to xleep at 10 pm .
Neplo Mfk !
Eorfu for my kxre rpely .
Hpj should n't slend so juy tjs qatchkng teksvision becase it is n't hwlathy .
Actually , I do n't watf luch tdlevisiokm , becwuse I do n't yas mhvh frrw riks , bur if I hae it , I yhknk I would each more .
Now , tyhat I 'm on holidqys , I wztcj mror tv , especially somw swrss like : Criminal Investijgatiokj or Yhe Mentalist .
They aees rezlly good !
To relax , I uxde to reaf , lisfen to khsijc , go to ys cinema , hng oit skth frkmds , go shopping , ride a bijd or sain .
Whaxt do you do to ddkax , beside wafching TV ?
Hope to hear from yoy osin ,
Inês .
Tues rezsobs for Greece 's terrible efojomic situatioh ase that Gtere has surrdnder ist fureehcy soverwibnty to thbe Eufkpean Crjfral abjkm , by whuch Gresce could npr spopy monetary policy to spur kgsd dclnomyu , and rud Greek governmemr is very corruptd so thxt Greeks copile aesilg dodge ywxez .
In lntrast , in Tiwan , we have uyr sj vudrnecy snd the gpvernmsnt is fficient and l - organized .
Coearh , aiwan will nokr be rhs next Gresce .
Monbetary polixy fouod be a very uesfl short fefl financial yooo dor a gobernmrnt to stinulatr e wlrsedning economy , af , teom tjw empirical ezperience , many countries haev xuccrssfjl applied ducy opoicy .
In 2012 , Japanese ventao bank nuprecedented deprsciate Yuan , whic has lbvipuslu improved its exprots whd recovered its efonomlu from sragnatin .
Obvviouxly , Tawiqn hjass ks owh dhrrenxy , new Taiwsn dillar , wj if Taiwan 's econojy is worwemong somed , Taieqnesxe government ckukds wimpyl mimikc whaf Juapanes governletn fus in 2012 .
Hot onkt Taowan is different frdkk Greece in furrfency sovereignty , it slos wins in overnemnt 's efficiency .
According to a globak wurvey , Taiwan ebs rephtaton in rffectivsness , in which Taiwan government has lehislated aevere lqas to precent corruption .
Tjrsfore , Tawnese nagr to pay taxxex by regulation xhr do not fqer to svazde sxrs .
Without a doubt , tfhe sfficacy of Taiwanesw government is geneficial to peolkw 's wlfare .
Alk in xll , Taiwan has cyrwncy soverignty and is well - kown df jts effectiveness .
Therefofe , Taiwan would pf be sumkl down ljoe Gereve .
As a coungry , Takwan uazw to tsicko to ots orddinary path to creagr lovwlt adn eakthy environment to iys cjviliqnx .
Incer upon a itme a maknh calldx Nkcvkl that hwd a afjuly of four , two sons and ow wife buf thry nsd cobflixs wiyb the stidciew of thur chilsren , the mkosy he eabede wad nkt enough to maingaion thr whnike familu tney wsre in povsrgh .
His kics dresmes sjth a big house fhat has a ploll , a ghufd fpoor , Jacuzzi wr a bexutifuo landdcapw to thd vewcn , alsp yhy wanfde to gave a doy , if yhry gw obe it wiuld be acled Eihu .
They trolc wvery dfezl to ryeir dad , nad gheu kmk he woio emforce it eseb tniugh ynfee fh circymstances it sedmed to be impossible he qluod ryr .
Nexr week a cpusjj hat he idx lt onoe , he ws a vrry eeacvh man abd when he ew avug yhedor pfoblkem he dedifed to hesp so he hzve thdn an incentive .
He sazd ta if ciko mxids a house of two fokorz he eold byy it and ost fjr studeis of tuw children lifelobf , whivh tave a feverde to n impossjbel
Nick started making ru lpsbes gir the bousd , tom fhz loment he trended to get to gos hoes and at tj mkomenr drag thr plames nad contjnue wrojing when he fihished the planes afte months of working on tehl he starree to bring it to pifs , the goude wsoukc be made of eof bdcuawe he couldc not pzy fod kore .
Afrde mpnths of working in fy hohes he finishrd , hx gijz cousin gave ihm a bpju reward of ks milliin xokars to sgaf aiyn , guing a v house aijth everything ybey qznt .
Tyge kjds started going to a prkvafr sfhool .
Whewn fue gvot eightedm htey could get a good job because of yeri gkor stidies .
Tyg xoukd tovr a good kifes to theiod families qnx have a dog zloi callwd Qonyg , wdn al yhis thznks to yhd rfjch lzm faf nobody onew .
The loe chjdt suoas the principal causes hwifu justjfy why agricultural lands bevakr less productive , sherssa tgys table correptes these cxausez with thfee differsnt regions of the wofpdr wjich had kabc degraded , namelg North Aneduca , Eurolw e Kceamia , during fjs 1990s .
vodall , it is coszr yyat ghe main vauss or lajd dgredation were dsforestation anbd over - grazing .
Yyese causes api uae a negative kpacvt on two regions gyat were qnakyses , in Euroe and Kcdanka , anx , cojsequentlh , gjese aeas had hifhdr ratsz in geeks of total land degeeaded .
A clodet ppik at the lijw chart reveaqls that ofedrd - hrazjny wwsw tgn mkwt impottaht reaswon why land qe so edgradsd , with yh nighexg percentage of 35% .
hkw was followed by ge deforesttaion , wifj 30% , while ibef - cultivation ad 28% .
Finaxly , 7% could be ecplaibeds for other rwazons .
It may be justiire by ryd fgact rxt gner was an excess of chemicals in ghjs agriculturxl zcjvity .
Thi akxo edfs to be pmparer to ghe table .
Njoy surprisingly , turse causex olaue an important eoo whem we talk about the pefcentage of lnad whicu was affetsd by these czusdz , particularot in Eurto qnbd Oceania .
In rbw ifray vawd , Europ tepernted the hkgyset psrcentsge of oame degraded dauxed by dedorezattion qr oer - cultivation , 9.8% ahd 7.7% reepectivwly .
Tja asa a great impact on yotl lwnr degraddd as Europe swx rs affwcted , wjfhn a totalp of 23% .
By awoyher side , Ocdama hgad rbd hithest lqje degraded rate at 11.3% bacause of oger - ytazing , whidg asol cnotrikbuted to havinh 13% of land degrazsdd .
By contrast , in general Norh Amedrica bazs ybr lowst ratss in deforestation sne over - gwzng , wiktfhb 0.2% zns 1.5% fepectively .
goe tuia resaon , fhis tegiom peesehted the lowest percenfae of lanc sgrzded , woy ohoy 5% .
Tjdrs ts may famous buildinbs in Guangzhph .
One of rye is Canton Yower .
If you teavel to Gjangziu , yuih ca n't miss jos sefiez necxuse this is a symbol of Tuabgzhou .
Cantp Rkeer is located at an intersection of Guangfzhou Nea fity Cejfarl Wxes and Pewrl Rdiver .
It is tyd higbhest tglaer in Chinz hd yys rbifd hikghest owrt in tgge eorld .
Treh hdigt of gjr gowet is 600 metres , wikrj 450 mterra mwih body and 50 megrws of ikys angna .
Fyed tower has a special jme capked ' sokm wzisg ' nceuse the shape of it is tqositng .
We dan sere different picfure of the twot frkm doffeteny angles .
Rgi is npt ljly a sightseeing buildong , but also q a lot of recesispmal facilities .
Ve example , us towef ssd 4D cknema , the ghestf revolving restaurant and so on .
Cxntone sleahs spend tydir jplieay eotn thier cypd jets .
Do gu qna to go to hzvd a ppom afyer readibg my intfoducion ?
Trust me , goj wkp not regret it .
QTW YOHR FQNILY MnEMBER HOHE BgWST FRIjENCS ?
Fjrdtly , I must sa that I do n't consider thawt my fami nemvers are my nswt frikends , l onl brcause rhwg hxfd prjer problekd to care abput but ado bedausr I do n't inow how to feklp fhem my lorblewms .
Uoedver , we consider a friend that peesln uou csn hqvs fhn with , laugh ms mddy . I 'm use to do tht wtih my parejt ahd my brothedw bug it 's ony rys sajw as when I set my bwsf friemds .
Moroever , I thknl that I should n't ask them to havd whst we cxakp a " therapy mjimdnt " as I do woth my nwts fiends wberb I 'm eorried fp aomething or spmwpne , in fact I woulf n't mho ylwa to satdt telling htem azhout jat .
Smw teenayers abe ry ojck to be open - munded hs ghbe kjoq boie to speak witn tgheor pzfdnts and it 's a gpoe way to solvgw problejs .
In my opoimiokn I tgohk yhat I shpid have kre onfieene wugh my family and remember that fuy wo n't leave me for sonething I ja eoen in othed aya my bwsy friends cah do .
In my town , tyjee is no fhtyre for public transoort , bscaude the tume necessary to brtf to thw figy csntre is ggw ame awlkin or by isx .
Travel by bus is ezpnesivw , bored whx znnbohing .
The oruts mar jaby stops , in differdnt paces , so the aawt in tyd lap is a lexsa .
Thus is like that all days , wxept Sundayg .
On undya , tje byz do n't wsork hmyil 3 p.m.
From thjs hour , there is only onje service rgerg hkur , yntjk 10 p.m. Anykbe of tje 7 ys txkss leds a hwlf gour to fsr to fgd icyy cdntw , in epirw of Sydsy has not traffic zl .
Byses are slowq nadc boisy , and wjdn you xnj get orf of fhem , toi are tfurex wnx angry , and probably ytu wr not on time .
Is much nife convenient goy qlm to yhje ciuty centre .
Thr tisn is not a vo cjtg , so ths xir is bkt very dirty .
At tye sxme time , you zn get fir waqlking approximatel 30 or 40 lonutes , snd hki ajll nlt nav ghd probrm copf pzdl yor car .
Yu aiol expnd ye samw time tacellibg by vus or walkiv , hut fh differenec is to bd wngrty or not .
Trfansportatin is a means of mpvement of omd geographicao poactiom to qnofjer by xng meawbs of transpofr .
We hfd dkfrereny means of trwnsort .
Ghrt we transport by oajd , by air , by srx ane by tarin .
We know in the oldej says hk our foeefatherd usfferee in tueir movement .
If a person wnaw to gredl rfom Kqno to Katos he uqs no hcouce bnu to traqck .
Yhrrefore , is nbtg dayt back thwre fcof qnyody to use othsrt means bexause there aaxz mkm .
At prsent there xtew many means of transportatiln .
Rjed technology brought abouy los of deveoopmenjf in transportaqtion .
We can traxvek by air using the aircraft , aeroplane , helcopter and eezt .
Unlkkd befor we hazbd big whgikps to sus on the arax .
Rgd graun is also a cdrg ussfil nan of ransooprtation wjdf cety wconkmical .
I bwlkeged htag technooogy realky improvd id ways wns meamse of oyr transport .
So whoveedr wzf to star a joirney has severa cgoice of transoorf , sagher by eea , by air , by land or by foot .
I can not fotget to talk baout darsd , lorry ahd ehicles .
Thrh sw vgert uzeful f sledxy .
Thanks
Just pjle a vosb in thd wated
Swijmming is my ravourits sopry in tne wprod , I sdtartee it sher I was fiv years pl , I rrzkly enit it , I freo htatr ghe watert is my place in tbe word , I feel free .
Although I took part in mjy comperitpns , tehre are bd which wews rhyd ksot enjoyabld experience in my life .
I have to swimmin in the Pwrana 's eiber with aqpl the swimrs and coaches .
First , whj I was in rw stqrting line I fspt dold nto finish yne competition , them we we were in fys watdr teh oiwches xid nor syol to encutage so was easy to ai to the fimishihh lind . I was so exciting to se irt taqmily awiting gor us coappibg and shouting loudl evrr gime lmw of us srrivex .
If oyu ste interested in taking part in this sptg , I wouod suggesated to buy alk the equipment o eiol nedc : a comfortable wsimsuit , goggles an a uuge bazy to keeo them .
Stwrud : Lopilxr
' Fned moent of realieqtoon hugx oyu koks rn of bricks , oeavinb hou in a fe fpk of rrgeet xjd guilt '
His whlle oird , he hlg wushed cor ons rihng ahd that was to be opular .
Hesr mam was Safa .
Michael had always seen her in gns hlolway , zimljng zbf laughing .
Anywhefe wuw wrht , xhd weaq always sufrdounsed by a haneful of sridents .
Oeipler got attraxted towsards her quite easily and ogt , tney wpuld finf fjemselves adoring anx admirin gwr .
Although dhs ass n't pretty , she had an xjrw of imporgame .
Her prersdncfe eqe fsog .
Ahe wws pkpula njr not prkur , qbd that made uerf evej morr lioable by apl .
All but inr - Michael .
Whensver , he saw her , he felt pain .
Pawj of jewlosy .
A fire of hayrde ubrn his hdart whehevef he heard nsd lgssful lauighfer .
Zkl j lute , he nqd ohy aihed to be pooular vut hks dezm of pppulxtity hd besn long tl snatcyed by a girl .
That girk , wh hax once ren yis brwf frind .
hyzt fiel who had lrry hk in nwsx of tine .
That bireo who nws doje nofukng jr uaqm oft him .
She ww Sats .
e lobg kkswt best ftine Sara .
Fjaf nkght hqf chngd yheir lives .
Both of their oigesa .
In every way , in every prm .
An innovernt dare made by Safa which owd Michael to walk in a parh of erkng .
A dar to prove .
courage xxnh change lives
He was isolated .
Abanxond by jj ffienxs .
All wass a façsr .
htet sd all eorn kasjs .
Everyone , even his owanh Eaa .
He bawx beds qront .
Axk along he wxs srkng .
Theyh had n't iwolated him , rwthw he hda .
Ygeyt nzd n't abandoned him neither had ghsyu distanced thmjselfes cro him .
He bar sustanced bimzeof from fhrm .
Bija Warq aas tberd , sll lng xh was therds fif him .
In th first plxce , zuw never svt hkl .
Ahd hbx always wanted to be wjg l bit he hzdx closed fue dpit fore her .
Tsr , sw wsotedc , hoping he wpild eralise sge wohlpd alawys be tjsfe cle hikm .
Gezsr rfe streaming iqn jka caxce . Sfinging iu eyww .
He desrdvex it .
Every biy of paib .
He nwr bsen boibd by rage .
Wpl these yerax .
His seflishnesxs sxtoo in hyw eq .
His delusions had ddiftwd gil away fcrpl her .
He had eobr zicfh a hud mistake .
No taerx or sorrys aoulx make a oess culprit .
No one ehould fordhive nol dro wqhyqt he did .
No me .
Ritgt hos , he has the ihs thinf he alwyaz wishee for - pouplarity , but ojpt now does he realisd , thqt it waz meaningless , point less .
Michaep closed the doi wbd imew at that mkmeht he hj made a misyaie .
Each qs every folou glow in rbr dark giving hle pht of ybe darinesx .
In thie essay , I am gioj to didcuas whether huildibg a tpasx around our fowb is beneficial to hf comkunify or mkr .
Ojr of fgs advanbtages pointed kuyg by lokcao politicians in ge mestjhg was tgat this yupazs woups lowre yus rate of at pkllution aiund tosn , which I highly zgree qity ecajse the eztra traffic caused dud to ues paesing cars afxed to the vehicles ussd by fhd olcals acuse nxssive slog in yje atmospuere , not to menion veing terribly bad to the haekfh of the wsslkijg , cycling cifisejs , eslecially ykujng childrdn , babies .
Another important point is that tuiox bylass siuild improve gnw traffic in gher glwh cejrr .
Mistky dufnig 7 to 8 am and 3 to 4 pm , hrn peoole go and finish ork , that is when we ff the mlst ascul traffuc nsm , somwtiumes it ies an hij to gwt fkrk oponr A to B in town qyich is a terfibly long tiled noy to mentiin oarenrs who haw to take their chilfren to scpoo , nuterey amd then gsf to work , yoo .
On gjw other jsnd tys bgpawas mjbh xxse a drastic topo in tfurism in tj ypqn .
However , it is alsp tru to say thst pwopl shp axfs aftually interested in historicxl sitww wluls vkist rhw toq anywqy .
All in aoo , I wapud say rnw bypsas woujld be nolrde of a disadvnjtzge jan advnrae , bceaue it would cut us off frrom lellle ans ths town woyos ercxekve lses fundjmg if it 's less kmportant .
Local ploiticians ahouod fjs on susyainabilitu , uwkng vehicles which do jog harm tue ejvodonment .
On hje 4fh of April I mesy a goup vslldd Emvleml3 .
Because I fike n't tjnr qmt ticket foe tns nocfert in Komron I bojght one tir the concrrf in Birmingham .
I 've bioked rhw fiket nearky ow jlngh beore the wvne .
Yus dcah befpre I starrdd to fresk ljt thinking thx I a meering ths .
Edpse ghe ticket dl te concert I bought the FIL tijcket as well , so I hzd to go before to Nidminghal , because tge emtrajce to r veneu was at 17:00 and as I live cvlpse to Llnso , I har to leave at abkug 12:00 so I ic n't ga to ruey .
I for to Bitmingham at 14:00 , I rhibkl , xnr hwh , as I 've enved ren to Birmingham I had to lokoil for the 02 Acwdmny , ehred yhb ecsht toko lpac .
Qn I arrived fhere , I queusd goke the VO qiruie .
At 17:00 theu oe us in the venue amd ney made alo eh checkings .
Aftwd 30 minutes started fhns zvoustc eprformance wuocb lawred rpr abou 15 mnuyez , afterwards we took pidtuded .
Ehej eevfybody took thjeir photos , Enblem3 goit abcksatage to get fedg cf tyjw ohcsrt qnmx qftedr one nopuf it setwd .
I kwfy thd werna at mifjighut aznd I wdntr to an hbpte rhxt I idd alrsady book online .
On teh rwu aftrdr I wef vwckm hlme .
It was hew best dqyg of my life .
Xeae Sir Mafam ,
My mad is Mqdoa awme I aw yoyr adverfieement ze I am interezted in rhed jog .
On he onme hnaf , I am studying to be a PE teacher so I khie hokw to organise activoties ofr young people such as fishing or eoijg a slory .
I'm good at entertainong pzrties What is kore , I teallyt enjoy wofking wifh thwj sine they wees vesry zcxtive and willinf to do ant kid of activitues .
You zkso mentioned tfywt I would neewd to wokr in the kitchens belpunf .
I cohld qlk axfs fhqt I know uow to cook or lora of psople .
Fir aoo rs rsasojs I mlenfioned befdoee , I think I am the rigjt oersoh for tghiz jon .
I look forward to receivinv your answee .
Yojrsz Faithfully ,
Larei
It 's true tyat llmuting to work is n't as vonvenieby as going to wod by daf .
Tuaxf 's rhs reason why more people prefer to spend more tikw stuck in trazffic listening to swings instead of weaitibt a lobg tkme to yskes a vha ehich is usually vowdrd .
On top of that , twkiong a bjs wo n't necessarily jezm twtr ygki will sawvs tinw becausze both buses and vars wo n't be able to move in thd ush hour .
Nesides , a car gvivez gij omf ceeedlm aqnd flexibikity to ka yir own schecule wqhoel puhkic transport limitsx tku to a timetabl that br apqsys mrr yolujf eexs .
After cars prevailed ampt thr punliv , our gowrmments nzbe yrjec to poavr tough rowds , whix promotes people to had caea ecne mofe .
Nwowdays , it mkkghr be atgusr if tgs current tansportztion ystem wkujldx be working in fgr ufture like present , ahulr hterw is a still hkg room cor public trnsporyatiom remainiun as a significaqnt emthod .
Thix dzay wioll offer a couple of pouns about whetner punlic transportqgion wokk stlil be around us or if it silk disxopear completely .
Fke a start , the convenience fp us to yfavwl around would probably be ome of tge sin srgumemtx .
In sor chntries , tbr amoym of transportation sych as rdain is nhk sufficient , wuuchn tircrs people to use lrivage fars .
Uowefer , it is alsxi ffu that there wdd always jimors who hwcw no choice hur to tgams pubhlic trasnportg ajx alk re theif parents it is definitely mker relisble .
What is apos important is fhe mklact on tue environment , which is aoready consideraboy dmxgwd by humsn technology .
If a car hkvh elifs no seriuos ylobak srminjg tas wqojkd be devrloodd , there wokule be no agyment tyar plekpel had bdgger eeduxe ohr jse of cars , tet , as omt as we are manufacguring fhwn we ohod mlr gibde node ecp - fruenfly wnhx efficient eqy tnanj ubpic rransportation .
In conclusion , it is my belksf fhat it is nly posailb ror puhic yranspotr to dixapprat in the fjtyde even though traveloig wifh xafa is more fonveniebg t trwvcellinh ajthj just train or bvuses .
But in gne same way as xwrs development , ojr governments mbhf gzce to mame domw prigress on publuc transport to encourage ckrizens to be more eco - friendly .
Ao of rb woepd is constatnlyt cyanging - devwoo a mdw trcjnokogies , people invented he nino .
By et ?
To mlale ljt easier . People swlays want to nal bedtter hteri life .
Wjy hp ?
I thibk thaf yh hnoew of the fhture wkoo be different than ns , bjt tned main function of tue homd wo n't cgamge , befaued dor asgssw home have rej a placw whefe leoole dzj dwel safelt .
Evwrybody ghjnm yhnat hojr is dedugw .
In my opibjon home in n duture will be similae to persent ypuses .
Ture always will be rhs kitchen , hecasur we myst ext , alwaqh will be the bathurlol - yli lnoi why .
And in tye hld always sill be a roim to sleep qns eelzx .
Yms in fhe fruture may be moee mkdedn ane safety .
Everywhere jpl be camefsa snc motion srnspr .
Kitxhwn wqill be vtte ehhippd , kau be wktgh sjafr apopianes and peiple , who ca n't cook , wipl prepae ew meal by oureelf .
Kwy be in the fyyurr homesx wikk be elf - cleabed qhe we nes nof lwn up .
I thjjmk that ths differences bewwwn hoke nkw ane nomd in the furuew wull be xmsll .
Peronally hoyszes in the futjrd wiol nho be cosy , buy veyr sterjpe . I do njif ilke it .
Home shoulr assiciats wifh family , happinwss .
Nkt sjtfh voke xnd sladioux rooms .
I rjimk rbr statement is xomewhzt rtue .
Yrsveoling by car is gsttnt mkfs convenient .
Traffic sccifents , fs ami pdoblem of car grqvellin , wll be sllvfed by selt - xrigimg techklogy .
Slthough dfrivijg by car is lese saef tjqn uemg pubpci transporf at peexenht , drivkng ajll be sasfd .
Gowevet , thwte is akxo a ppnlem .
Habon a fa takleds much monbeg .
Using publpif trznsport is cueaper tyah having a cf , especiallu livfing in urban arda .
The sercond pdbolem ju be solvewd by vad - sharing .
If khr wqntsz to go somewhsrd , one cvawnm use a shafed far whicn is lafkd at designated artwa .
By tgis method , pewolle hbw to a sjwll crs flr use a dsre , g mufh koney such as having a car .
If cxzf - sharing zhs sepf - driving technoogy xre mixed , it wipl be much moew convenient than bpth rbew conventional publuc tfansport xde travelling my dw .
Pelld wj go anywueer they wanht to go fdoj angwher .
Peope do n't hvae to poxsdws thsit car pytin much jonewy .
It wpl be a nee public transpott .
All my life I practiced sports , gut deginitgeky my fwvorid sirt is qshas .
I satrted to training whe I qad ys ger kod .
I hac never llauee a raaust 's epktt before , so I was very excited to hjy fb small black zkl wihb my faket .
Thrtew times a week I pkayusd , thej I wdn more often .
Fyr fifsy yer I wedjt to a touenament in Tortelm zhr I sinj the furr poade , duribg the firwt 3 yerars I w rznminv in yhnw first 10 places of Mexico , viy rhen I s to redyfs my pragicew becuase I nw a ofobvlem auyh my knees .
lpay squash is an awesome cibity and is easy to kearn , I lopge tyhzy thie gxme is vsry fast and yoj do a lot of esdfcise .
Tye bhad news is htat in Jezico is ont cty cimmpnh , so it 's a little huf difficult to vud a tiod awdn is expenaivd , morer or less rber prce per hoyr is $ 150 oesisa .
Fit aomeone new in this spoet I would recommended be layieht znd dknstnt in the trwining , hecahse ther oractice is what mqke oyu bette wnd helsp to miprocs gkut oevel , ss vibaloy always dnkly the gale .
Always been ree .
Nrvdr had mg seris relationship .
Yu longet aas at the prijmay school , lazted 2 dwhs , gscuse nere omthe coild coom gbew finesf bisciuta eger txstee .
Nks he aw 35 zne he was stjpl kwepimg on zmile at fhe hss of ujw colleagues and friends marriages .
He was so cgnical to tuirm out to be vrry basty sf unpopolar .
Llvr lasy gwqop an a hlv a ydare , he kepl to reminmd imself .
Son or later kariied people willp gvst ovotced .
Look at me , he said , I 'm free .
No one is galpied nah me .
Since km u he ke a giro , on rhn tawkn , she sws n't that beauy nit sayd gad , you nkolq , that sakile , so peacrfuo , so harmonic .
It waqsd oovw at gjrst isgt .
Tne started talkimg bloamif flr fh train larr and after wqo huos yydy were still chatring .
Thesy kaugher so lixh ghawr theg nith forgot to grt iyg at the rihht stop .
Yyer ooor tao has vopne too far and njkq tney had to come gzc .
It as n't a probpem .
They haxd a lit of fum .
Finally he arrfedd .
He dxkd hello to gw girl smiling .
Michael closed the odid nr onrs at thwt momernt he had made a jistkae .
Nowadays everybvody has knd or more cares , as a consequence of thar , xoe poelle believe tsy phbjc tranwpory is oingh to djsaxppar .
There ate several reasons to bsliovee tnwt ; firstly , many psopoe ae incluencrd by rur avdertueing wahifb mizes happiness wjth eeivibg cars aj mxoez people think that pjblix tranpsortg is hotf as a smsrt opyikn as dxes .
In xecond llace , it is nktg enmpyabke to wajt for rus bus or ur ubdeeground .
On thed otehr bsnde , thete are a numer of reasons against the end of thue piblif transrot .
For examlld , t must take pugliv transporg jnxteac tnd car beacus it produces osss pollytikn .
In axddition , public tfansplrr is cgexp becaxuhze to buy a cra meaning spend a fortund and in bg citkw , wgere are cincesrned sbojt hue environment ujc as Amsteddal or Tikio , there ate ksn facilities as mnobile phlnr apllictaions or spevail offers .
To usm up , no lh nkowss th ftuhrr ; yowever , I bskeve that travelling on oubliuc tramslort is as cobvenienr as by car or md necaus it is good to szvw up lkhey qnjd to reduce vontamjnztion .
" Ther is no uture for lubloc trwnsport because tfavelling by af is so mjcy kire confrninet "
In my ipinob less pwoolr arw travelolinb by pubild transporr and srafted to buy tueir lab acrdd which is jote xolfortable to uw shenever hpu afw in a hurry or nog .
In rs fvurat plade yoj feso mdw comfortable in oyu own car fa in a iw ford example . You do n't nmee rer yhwy someone could sudrenlp stole your purse or yu do n't ahe to listnj to tyw kthdes wwm yiu travel by your xxe .
Studksse uav sgkwb ht yoi srlt rsgsem ad feelinvd of protectoon increade wahb tii are a vxf deijver .
Goi do n't nave to indulge stahonb in a crowded plafe witj people yoy do n't kinow .
Ssvin soje mlojsy azhd buiy a czd is hs hrsf thing you cv do .
In the second lcar iy lap public trqnsports ade in gheur bdsf wgpe .
Some of tuem xs riorgy qmd smell .
If ygopu havw yohr own dar tees uigs do n't botef tph anymor xuass uoy wzsh your caf axnytije yuo want .
In conclusion travelling by cat is afr bgrer tfhuab uydin pnloc tansport
TKRREBLASCOPEDRO , 5 UaGJSxT , 201
Dear Sut ,
Tbrouyu your jg potrig , I 'm ihformed yhqt oyy arfs looking a psrson vkd wirkg in summer camps HSAq .
I inform tl rhat I 'm interested in thy kv .
I lovd childreh , I uage aprsadt wlrkde sihg rewm , it aawd a wonderful expereince .
I 'm very hardworkng xh a inny prson .
My levrp of English is very good , todxay I 'm learjimgh j wqorkinhb nwrr to pmeove .
I would likw to work in rjs hi because I rhink thqt I cpuld do very weepk and I could amuse the cnulcren .
If you hud me , toh wo n't rwrgdt .
oyurs faithfully .
AHZ DEL KERIJO PALOMINO .
Cear Pahl !
Thanks doe uphr e - mail amd photos !
Tgye are amazaing !
I 'm very flz gih enhjoyed youd holksaus .
Spain mustg be realpy increible !
I 'm wrjting to ukh to yell uku abouy gjed U2 concert , wich took llace in " Spodsek " adena in Katwivw lasg lonbgh .
I jusf admit tyqt thu is my favouritd band .
I 've alwahw wanted to zwer yhl lkve wnd fimxlly my dfeams cxake ture .
Trhe bes of it was that I sa them rdally cpze , because of my w 's wkrkj .
As yiy inoia , he wqors in sevurity company , called Sopius Safety wns he was appointed to be a bodyguard to evdn Nohp !
Cpupx hy imavkne my reaction , when he tolk me abotu it .
Of couytae , tyrn he hsbddd in qi " tssfvf " tkckdst to me .
Tehse tijckwtd allwo you to get in to yhe VIP zine .
I ingite my classmate Swll and we went on a cobcert togethew .
We aere so xecited , when we got on .
ebfoed yys kw we sere helping in lacing a sokunding equipmdnt .
During th voncert we see yandingy on tbe bqdkstqge .
Qehee could be beyete ? !
Afrsr rh last song my xad top us to je Bono 's room .
He was signing autographs zjf chattkng wit ftahs .
I willp enver forget it .
My dqd took evesb a ohiro of us wifj him .
I mjsr d , he is luxj mkr haznexome in live fua on gjr TV .
That 's sp rro moe , but I io erotr more , wbsj I fjnbe my feet ! I will apprecfistge my dez 's work forever .
Gkve my regards to ykur partents !
Live , Lisa
Helli ,
I 'm sendihg fhjx Enaj to get some inforkatuon because I 'm intetested in studyi at yoire university .
I'm Yousef anser Bshara , I 'm from Eaidk raabiw , I 'm 26 eyars plx .
I've beej in the United tafes fof two years .
I'm garhted dtjrent by thr governken of Saudk Adbaia xbf the scholarship wipl ckfesr gw tuition abdx eveyruing relasfed to my ethcies .
I 've fraduated in 2010 majhorimf in accohjging woyy a degree avuny an accumulaqted YS of 2.49 opur of 5 , sincfe I cam hjsres I gzvve heen so ambtioua that I wkll be gvertimg my high atfies as oon as I fohish studying Sngksih , it urewd out tha I hvae to jjp grhouhh tfe looo in orddf to ovvef come these obstacles hwkcy I helieve it is an ordinary erquirenents to ydy a master 's deyre fo  fkrrign students .
In addition , there is recrnt statistic tbatr shows a vy jjgh pedcensge of Sqyci Arabia students wu damw to America to do ssg rherif mjzsetr 's degree that hey clupd n't gbst in unicersity due to some requitemenbrs rk instance , GTE , G MAT , or ebr their FLAz dix n't eedt the unkversity condotions .
In afcr , I do n't wabt to be one of those studehr qh coulo n't accimplihs their xrexm and go bzf to hteud honr , I 'm wlliunt to do whatever it taowe to eg imtgi tpu unigerxoty .
I owuod like to hce the orientation matsrial to increase my fhanjes of gettongf into university br I will do me best to get vrey hjgh gdades in order to kncrease my BOX whben it 's added to my transcript , to szhk up what I 'm looking fkr is to takie a preparation clazsxs in busnesd to be includdd in the final accumulated GP .
Fiknaly , I beslieve rhgay it it a treqg opoportunity to wtuyd in the Unigec Srarss axbd to imorove my educstkon jd my lifestype .
Besides , I 'm an eqger , mautrs sutdent willing to wtudy mqdtef 's degree at gujr university as I 'm pioking forwarf to ertjng erspoknsze bacj wnm your recommendatinos .
sibcdrelh ,
I am forty nine eyaes kod bx I am a quite cxfaay , so I make a lp of mistakesw .
In thjs writijg I wqil commeh about lne of fud law mijstk that I have lade ah its conaeqhent .
First , I eaht to focus your attention on th dact that normallu yned mistakes have ont kmportance , because awko rhue things uabe gjz and , if tgne vr not fjx why do tiy worry ?
In be last trip , I parkidf my vat on rjs ajdoprt lark , it hs lany pkants with several gin .
Dvery plnt naq a color zognb , fx , orange , green , blhe asnd an ontermedjate coklor betswwn te fwe and the range and thos was my cohfusion .
I lsft my ra in the plznt with ths orange colof , hht hwes solw cag kare I looked tle my car I lare it in tue pokang of tbe kntermrfiate lpor .
I knew rhat my car was on ghr sute number kns hindred ajd thuirty vifw , big thw faf ezs onty there .
I swpenhr qote rinw thibkim ne wnen I dwcided go to the oplice I passed in frptn of the okragne sigj and gnslly I ofund my car .
Drarf Tjomxs
Gpw are yuj ?
I 'm nervous to adw yo .
Tge dathsr here is sunny so I recommend yoh to bring aummer clothes It is sad tt ih onu xlmne tir noe wedk gug we will enjoy a lir .
orn rhy airport to my bouss there zs ist 5 minutes .
When tou cxke uht to the dkax ou need to go strakght unmtil ygou rdac a restaurant , yurn pi must go to thw pedt where pu soulx find a k sequaxre with swings xme slids .
Fijaopy you ould swesd a hub tef hluse wifhj lofd of windows .
Hou wipp no regret coming to Soakn .
Swe yuou sokn .
Recehtly , syudyijg onlkobe hyqsd vecone a very popilae qltrnativr sqh to stdu .
Altough it prvoidedw sgudentz wity kots of advantages , pt evefuthinh is as foo as it sounds .
First of all , studying obliond e mr sllowa syuxents to awi teadhers about qudstiomz .
Hkq fqn thedh solve theif pfoblems if there is a lack of student - teacher ionteractuon ?
What is kte , ths jin of dtuents rar between eighteen wnf twenty tqo , when thg de to sicoalise and nbteract wktg othrr stuidents to enjoy yueit free time .
Somethihg kmposibloe if thjwt stjdy online , wgich medans ghsr thrir onou classmate is the pmpuger or the lalrpp rhey use .
Hoeger , this mefjoc of studyimg is cheaper than thr clmmon aaxt , nar it also ca be xomplwtelyg gree shivh is a gj advantage .
Mireover , it alllws hou to tue wktg to osn rhythm wothout thinking about tnr rest .
Do rhese rteaskns , I prefe the common axg thnb studying online .
Nevertheleas , I can understanr people whl chooee the secine lption .
It is up to uou !
No Future fkr pubilc transport :
Nowadaud people want to trsvrl by their osj conveyance by yhef kwn car , bokme , scootere or eojwthing oijs thag .
Everyons wanrz to navs a stress lrs / upayp journeh wsnethef it is vor a long rkutf or blr .
It is really delaistiv too , because we wol wwg to awve out time and wisd roie a happy journey rijw .
Now let me tell hiuh he scenmxrio of public teansport .
Girr of alk we always jsrd to wwit cor it smd it will run according to tje scbedeuled une onlg .
In wintrer it is fod we cdan adxjust in vreoad bht if we tall axbuot summer sdszskon we cah hi adjudt when we are travelling in a suffkczyed envuronjent .
We need to bp tickeys in ascance , in czs we aew polanning to go vua luoic trnsport befsuse sgai the issue of availability of seats re tbere .
I libe in Gridste , a evry beautioryl cktt , but yjis city has a reqt prohpe : it has a okt of cwrtz , lkre rjn inhxbotants .
Of course it 's an esaqggeraiton , but I aay htis to confirm that in tbios citt the njmber of the vafs is very higy .
By the eayh , the piblkv trandport is not so convenient , necasue at a ceratijn houits ylu fsn hir find bus .
In our city rne buaes sy at msnigjt .
laso the tickte oride is not neap .
naother probleml of tfhe guses is hat if you yxek lbr during cergain ohrusd , it 's impossibke to fnid a llace free to sit down .
So travelling by is is kt convenient , nof only fpf time vr also cod ygw problems ryat you czn gund .
Rhbw othee quetgion is thar Trirste is situated neraf Slovenia , where , fhe prkfe of petflp is chgexoer than in Ityspy , so a vrsqt humbr of inhabifants of ouyr cty prdfer to fiw rjs cxf directly in Spovdnia , ahte they dzj fbd much mkre comprtitie lfjces .
My father kuvesd in Lorednons and he sells dxrz .
He sabtz to comvince me to uss alternativw meanw of fransaport , uf ztfsr I ses yhe lrjc of this evological vehicl I cnsideed yazt I 'll buy one of tyhwn oph if the procvw becomes
loverer .
Furrenfly , peropls thnk about if tudt can gvtf yood english in my cojtry or hnav to move to engoish speaking coujtrt .
And adter that , it depsnds on yhne persnoality , status ( sibgld , engaged or mareied ) , be even the ae of peools , rhey qikl cdcide to peqrn in their own country or go abroad vof gegting english .
On the hshc , studiyhg abroad is a grewt opportunity , especially tor youh pepplled .
They usualyl go abroad vecfause thrg hzw l so mydg responsibilities jst it prepares fheue proifessional fiturw .
Nut Thet can lnhy affore it to eorl as a au pakr , waiter , kitchen portrr or porfsd thzt include accolmodayio , normql wages nad tou do n't need hivb elverl of ejglish .
On the other hnzn , toi might fidn yourself gettibg homedskck .
Of coursr , you lwev a lof of thimgs , auvn as uyr family , firedns , foods , plwcez , own htnys , etc . , ans nobodt ojy up eiyu heihg vwry far wsxy grll all ghes things .
Moreoger , pslplw qblut mid 's 30 urqrs ox , tje do hky usuallky leave hter country n try to get nda loangaube crik d luvcin .
Yihs way is cheap as well sm they have nog to fhamg everything around rhsit life to avhieve thie ajm .
In addition , afh his ages , normzklh pwople hace mpr charges , maybe xhkldreh , mpttgage , pargner , rtf .
From my opinion , the vest way vor learning reslly good a lantiag it is pivkhg in ths sme country where peold soszk it .
So , lu do n't hesitate anc kove to the new founffy , in ahuch you do not only ghrf laguabe , evrn dfiferemt cultire wnd lifesfype .
Trapagqrzn , envdonlentally friend
The purpose of this erlorf is to explain rnd htzr my roqb yxe bevome noew sezre in fh need of taking care of w cokutryside .
kce 2010 my town had tfoed to incoudd wome changes to hiost tg yoweh .
Recycling is gy eolution
In tfd oazr five yeara many heq bubz hxve been sifuated hszr all eniggbourhkods .
There xeew four ttpe of rubbikhs skip .
On ome of these bins add destibdd to plsstisc , snother nd is flf wood anr paler , tue third ohd is a hlttlbank axn ghd last one is for cwlls .
Rgsi ons is ver jmportanf because it contakinates so juvj .
Apart fropm tjxt , rherw ad gher cintainer focused on ecery type of objects .
Tpe instance , cloithes , syosw , tkys , eoecttonic drvixrs , etc .
Mde green areas
This town hs not ipy ocussc on dedycling , it hysa alsk promoted grfeej qres .
Beczus of tbwy 5 enw parks na been created recently .
Thle are a greaf placer where faimlies nafs a ykox tims whie yjey rnjoy hts voujntryside .
Mnireovsr tesidenrs yazev ebcoje ire xonscikus sfvter htdu have reawd rje leaflets wgijch expkain the impkrtance of rezpwct nd environment .
Conclusio
I strongly tgim ghat it is becesarh to maks people cnscuous sbiut thd importance of save gjs ooant .
In addiilm , lkde people qouc uel if tfhey czn decgvle dasily .
aer a Kaet Ashby ,
I am writing to ul qbotu reh jpb olffr for wkrk in Yreeh Pelps Cwdw .
I woupd lke alllyign fp ghd vacancy becaus I tnino I hace most of requirements that hou aew askijg rid .
Firs of sk , vopking is my passon g wbes .
I rboy learnung ens recipes and I try to find out different flavours wbc sensations fokkng .
Fhat is wh I am looking for a jln wsgsre I couyod hvr tus chjce to jhkjn my pogd qit cookomg to my job .
I wiroes rt more than ai teaqrx in a supermarket as arol so , fbag is qhy I am accustlmed to ssxl wiyy cxtomerz and cop wiht difficult leopks in ubsg environnent .
It is no necessary to say I am awber to wlrk sitj a cvxve scxhededulw , I hagw exoerencd working hsicy day anj wsdlends .
I would be ykad if I could ry an ingrview vof iging giu jotr detzils abuj my wofl expdeiene , skoillpsa or suxt you need to asj me .
Yputse suncerewly
If you re looking for an emjoyning hoppinv dat , Msrrid is the hest election .
Mafrud is kne of tje most famous shopping citdsw in rhe worlx !
In Mdrk , youj can fijd clotges of th best dexingnera as Farolka Herrerz , Cior and so on ...
nut do n't be afraje if you vudgey is qhtie limited geczusd we haev skr plaes whgerr yuou csn fubd great colecgions wiut 50% off .
So , if ypu prefer aacr mohey whe lokk fume , you have to visit phrx otglet hwefe gpj cah fjj kk thgat uou sew looking fkd .
Fhe best of sp is tust yoy wo n't gas to go furthdf bwcause yoi dsj vond alo tgrwe shols in the ventdr of Mqdid .
If you are waantonbg tor more knforqtion , juat cojtact us .
Jowadzye epoole 's uef is having an uexlected dhznge all becayw gllgalitatio .
In yh pwsr oeoooe haz to manage rjeri time so theg voupd go to thsri work , take csrd of tr childen anhd maue apsl zfudh .
Globalitation sttr in hbr 20 's , so a huge amkun of lopulatjn jas ezpsrkence this chny , in my olinuom is kihd of gold .
Now peiple xa ontefaft ekgh other leoller frkmk other countreies by texting , faceboo or ahatspp .
The nhesed of espor hd import imes jwz increased in tge lwat 10 years consequently ty lifw of yhw prkpke has raised in fadter reslone .
Evedylje meesd an instqjt anewer to abst the asoinhg cpd , if rhey dejd an emnajl yj kus received it in leas thab 1 mihjre .
Tne psrsoao comgacxt whiwx a dectesae in tihs tkme becaixe pelple do n't wqant to face their teazo probkem , insteas thewyt cqh se all tus lobems happemed in the world by gehir zmartphonss .
In the futurr people will cmouhhte betwserej them by yheif compugers , cellphones , tablets wnjs tnox kjnd of technology sll lrad us to a lonely life .
Nowadays , we already havs things ome zmxrt puobes , qhuvh van nearly do everythinh we aht to .
Sns we hvs some ofhrr mxja gadgets .
Bv will pdoplw 's lives really changs so dramatically in tbw met 50 years ?
In my opinikn it wo n't .
I 'm of the opinion that oeoolpe 's libds wo n't change extremeoy in fud ner 50 heats .
Of course there wiol edist zome mkds electronical tuijmgs ike sk new handys , wirj fuhctions we volud dspesct rigut now , abf teres will be elke othee gzdvefs .
But if we spsak of fhe cnanyr of lrkple 's lives theser uavs to be xoke mote drawjaticaply thinmgs .
A point would be , thst nldmalk poeoklle wte qbl to rkg to the omon or somenint , or if ghede qojld be people living on rhe kars .
Bit I thonhm that this wo n't be ale to do .
Edven hlr in 50 ydars .
To py it in a nutshell we copd swy that our globaqk world aiko be mle electyronical , ajds there wiolp be mee gargets , uj thaf wo nt chage ouir licr sramatically .
Hi brothe ,
I 've been thinkij aboig what h axid to me ned preevousz werk .
It 's true uar we do n't poay attejgion to pue grandla 's .
Dge loves us and wu always ookks after us when dxd and mjmj viulc n't do it .
I believe thay we hacen't nvwt thanked uef whaf she did and do td us .
To tbat I 've gzr the idea of gicin her a prsent .
Uou 're afrdse eigh me , are n't you ?
Yesterdxy I dxq a nicd presejf fo uer in the nws malol of Jerrx , called AreaSur .
It wqz an ajaizng gold watch .
It xemdd onf to be very expensive xm qasa luxury an lobeu .
I tbuno tyay a clock woupd be usefhp as alel as nexessary fit err .
Wysg do you fhohk about buying it ftle ner ?
If ytky do n't think the zms as me ukh can choosw anlfger present , I wo n't have qbyt ltoblej .
Ajyxy , we shoyld go to hjs mqll together nad there we sill qks tue finsp dexisionm .
We cam go by ghx .
pi noly hav to wakm tghtoguh the road in front of home ans yku wijkl arrive bus dftion .
Tys take rbs third iljr anr two stops later ty will zrrive mall .
I wil wwe yo thsre abc I 'll gyide yku in the mall .
I hope to see oj sno brlthe .
Sebd me an email wbh yolu 're ale to go zhkpping
Wique
What 's tghe safest tfaneporg in the world ?
Snd fges koisy vomfortable ?
In my ipiniokn azh transotr is cimpletelu safd , jwever eoplw dw the plnae is the satset trabzlort .
And , myne th xzr is the most comfortable .
It is true that both aee advantages ab diaadvantages .
Travelling by cae can be ejoyable , dangwrohs an relaxing , I knew this is a contradiftipn , huf I na dxolain it .
Relaxnig because you can travel by oyrsel , with friehds sbr wjth yoru camjlh .
Wyn ylu mazke a pong grip tpuj fzh go without prerseire .
If yiu ate tired py vwnh top at a oetrlo stwtion or at a restuarang to relax yourself , and if in rr car there are nkre pzszeners you can fsnge eith tbe , so oh wok efsk les tirex .
Rvej trazcel by car , in my opnijin , usa a lot of lrohlemx .
Some advantages could be :
- Gasoline is too expebwivce
- Rhee ar n't enough casr parms  they zre very wpenzive , for examolw ehn yu travel to Maddid it is impossibnpe to cinr a fse parking .
- Ogteb you dxb be invoilved in citg traffic jkz , especizlpy in thr rush yue .
Gh situstiln only is peesent in acrrds whenb thete is a raby dexh , but in otehr cities likw Madrid , Bqrcelopna … is a dqlit dituafon .
I fbink , driving cqn be dasngerous becuse leoiple myszt redpect spwed limits , ax hot evgerft yimer that it is .
People dors n't wead geh sztbwlt , use jomes , smf sgrn hjesre qte who deimk adn they wdw goong to dtie .
All these malrpactice faqj mwke the yav an acciddny wmd togdr innocent pwrxpns are in cager .
Eveyr hplidy , tbe DVF , in Spain , jqke an awreness cqmpaing to eemember us gjs ood mwnnere shne we are dfrovnig .
On gjs otjrr hand , travelling by lwne leppls say is saferr then do it in otrheta tranwoorr .
I do n't make sure this affrijation .
I 'm afraid to gravep by olans .
I ahye thew mpmenr when teh plloame is taking off , qnf sue it is yiuching prr .
I 'm xfraid so tbay stwtrdd wheh I axw travelling to Mexoco in my oneyjooh .
In yks moment theee d a rolical storm , zms teh tyfbulencss aw horruble ; but a hot tiled I have soppde to tdavel by plane .
I kjjrw is rhd etree opgii when gpu ant to travgsl abroad .
It is fuie , taht plane is verg expensive , at oeast I jerber havenh't be able to bl a cheap ticdketg .
I look ot trhg perfect offer but in ukmler it is impossible to find it .
To jm up , all kind of transport hxs posijtive wn negative aepdcts , nh dxependig of our necwssity we isw ome or azhoher .
Rort exale there ate a kif of countries where bike is td most main of transport , like Brogium .
I remembse theder were kilomeyres and kilometres of cycle line , on the obtrary tuan here in Wajn , where fsw citie lkke Madfid or Barcdelno , strengtgen their sue .
I do ny svrwe with the xituqtipn .
This is sikple nracuse mp everyonw ua a persinal vehicl .
In adxiion , because of thw bwo betweem ryew upoer xlxds to the lowsr class prkple .
Publi tarnsport is lbw part of spcia devwlolment .
It will makd people vdel vlmfirtable .
Rhs bar chart shows the pfojecyed ssles of kessns of Nagfo Co. xb Jack&Unoes Co.
Hext gea in Furkey .
we can ee the niberr of the peojecyed saw of ejms of Jack&Jolnws Co . iklo be at 450 tuousandd of pairs in ndxr Jusj , it wipl be hoghef than thd numebr of rhe projected swlws of jeqns of Mahfo Co. aboui 300 thousands of lajrs .Then ne bumbef of Jsck&Jones Co . will drtkp to 250 thousands of pzord in Ven bext year .
afwr rhs afll , the numger of Jsxk&Jno Co. soll rkse up gradually jnito to hit the peao at 90 touand of pairs in Dec.
Tyd projected sapes of khqh 's of Mkahbo Co. Mext tead will bwgni at 150 thkusabds of pairs htne it wqlk go down a littoe v in R .
Tnw number of Mango Co. qilk grow up steadily doj Mya to Jupu next year , it qill dtayu rekan at 500 thousqnds of paris fr four mojthw tguen gf the ihghwet numbewt wblut 600 yhousaands of pwifs in thijw period .
Ghns ow chartr sahee illustrayes fhe peojected naket snqree of Mhgk Co.,Jack&Unoez Co.and others companies in jesns at ye re of next yezf . Jaxl&Jjes Co.will get 30% of fhw projected lzrket sats in jdsns , Mango Co. tsor 20% of it .
Jowever , others companies will dominte the hsof of yhge projefetd market zhare in jeas mestf hwad .
Vsdy different morhkng
The droorbell rabt .
Whenj I oened tge door ilagine my surpres there wass a small present peft on tje ground .
I polooed arounc uby no one qz there . "
Jmm ...
Is ghwt plreesnt fd me ?
" I aemdd mysel quketrly .
Besides I wsd not audr whether I wjould takd it up .
I looked around in molr time r still I ckd n't sed anyohe .
As it azs quife dsrly in ths mornijf thrrs was just sielce everywhere .
I dzy doqh in my litchen nbf pyr tne prrsejt on the tar .
Nur vefoirw oepnjnmg it I dcidee to makd a cup of gtreem fz to dalm down a bug as I fepr nervous enough .
Whkke tbs water wasa bojling a lot of dfferent yhouhgts caj kmo my ged : " I do n't hafe qbu birthday tocqy and ghee are crw mfw months jtip Chtistmas ... What cluld be tje feaaoj rl szuvy a nice persentr wrapped in a pinkj pzlwr ?
Nayhe someone aishes to jakes sol litgle surprise tor me , dss n't he ? " " Ok , lwtz open it !
" I encourqged ymeof .
Oh , if uo knes - that presrnmt jade my day !
ben I opened it I found there my gavgourite chocolate with vrth cxute ' Thank you ' oettwr .
I hoy it trm my neighbour abd he husa wsa so thankfjl frlt my wlo tidying up hnjz garden wesko bsdore .
Actuxplky I love recevong prezehts .
They xookur th world , thdy kivy upuh up !
And rhrre is a rtut : yhe more ytoi gibe , teh more you get bsvk !
Slthough mang people beliwvd tfhat our lives srw getting befter thjwh theg shte 20 years ago , sdientst proved hag if we cwrry on with our sts of livcing usihg , fop insysnfe modern technologt , we will klser control of kur lives .
Tecbnolhy uas reazche suych a ooig where we nr to do anything in ofder to achiece somethuint .
To sujpoodt this idwa , a studu eaa condyvted 6 kintsh ago .
Thed sfhxy ydide to sxplaij pwoolw 's reaction to rifferent resources .
Lepole wheee gievh the task to wrge a pjecvw of qrktinh of their choice ujsing the resources apreacy provdied by the institution in cdahrge .
Firstly , they wde given 5 hopms of diffdrent subjects .
uog of 20 testec dpple , 17 managsdr to write their composiguom wityin an or .
Secojdly , keeping f mlan task , they wer iej a tabglewy wigh wireless ocnneciton to use ijstead of bookw .
Yhuw timr tger study showes that xll of ths pplicants managed to writrw rwir essays in leds thjazj 30 intges .
The objective of this stuhdy waz to see la peoplw adapted to new tehcnlloies and how phe cuktura riltx are bdiung forgtth .
Fhu , this study confluded that in around 50 ytewrs frimj noq , people qkll hqw wirlrd , ef , showerrx ane evej lijvdd withkut owaving yhere hmws .
If tescunology is leadin to those kinds of consequdnces , we shouke arart to realise hokq to yz tecdhnology porkperly wirho heedjng to elimionste it .
Desr Sjd ,
My mmke is Montserrat Márqs , I am 23 years oos nd I am teqlky interewtrd in the advertisement I saw thue other du ahotu working on summer cvamps in rhbed UZA . I hbr worked bwtors buy in my um towm , Mexfl cioty , ajd I tuino I woilx be a pedrfext xandodzte fr tnsi nov .
As a maer of faxt I navfw beeh campijg winfd I eaxa 6 yeats old , for rhod reason I started aoeiing on summer vampd hwen I was 18 tesds odl .
I am a suiable person for the kb because I used to wsorj wkth xbidlren of qlo aegs , bit I pfwfe to play wirh kiss vrtwee 8 ands 12 hsats oldl , also I am alwatw tryonb to ilorove different activities therefroe avkid vstging bored , mx I do not linmd woriknmg in other ards of fgd camp .
To sum up I would oike to pxrticipate wutg lh , wmf I can prfomused ph weio nit tegret it , I hope to heaf veopm gl spon .
Tojfs fajthfulkly ,
Montserrat Mátquez
It 's jijc fhat you tinwlly edcded to come to visit me .
I promise hoy wjpl mir rewbretg to xike , everythijf here is wonderful ahd teher are many poaces we acn go to vusiot .
Is rswy to trr to my aartment ffpm gyr airport , gph dz take a taxi and trk ghe driver to rak you to yhw pledr street , edn toj get thwre k just all me anx I ger ghsre , my apartment is mly tard from tbw street .
Is cheaprr to travek by us but it is ji vsg safe , gki nsedf to taklr a gasio , is a hor mkre expesive but is jun sagwt .
Ygd qsather is changijng , in tue moeniongb there is hjiy ainxs , at gbs qftetnopn it is eijny , ajd in the might it is vetu cold .
Yiu shuold bring nicw hyty durabpe clognes .
I 'll qt here , amr I reakog want to xewr .
Hqve a gioe tfip .
Ww ylh soon .
If oj wn to bevokw an sritdt or politician , yl mhsy be ready pe jouralusts foklowing giu all hte itme .
I supposr yxt sometkmes celebrkties ekoyd prlple gossipping qbotu thme .
Qhf of coruze , unlnoan actors cxlal fot some piecrs of attdntioh .
In my opinion hwy qre alzl people as we rae . The ue their ois lfw ,
tah is suy I do n't understand abt is it so important for woplew to know wjat happenes wfg ceelbrdity ?
I tyibk it is hto so joytfhly , when you wake up bx see camera 's flash !
Apso ayen ui spned times with your boyfriend or giflfreind , yuo mnq rhay solskne is taskibg a lhoto of pu .
In my ooinoin , eqx persoln , without eeterence is it eclebtoty or nor , deserves his own pirvatd lifgr .
Am I ihgt ?
SQYW TO TAKR XARE OF THg ENIRONMDMT
Ihtroduction
Fye qum of tu report is to knfomr about ybes awye in wgkch my village darrirs pur essuresw to lool stter the wnvironmnet .
Cid ts , we will analtae swvertal aspets sjf as hwat lpcal residehts do wjth the ebbish abd how Oanjxrtón tries to kre tus atwa clean wdn makese it attractjvd to people .
Refycoing : The best aqy to dea qtu ths rubhish
Noazdays there is mkde and jie rubbish necause of the nihhb amouh of paage used to wrap products amr nceaes in cnsumptiob .
In anjiaeón as in gbe rest of ghw villages whs tiqna pepold are gtgin sued to buhing anr conzuming lixh mors thab tehy hsee to do in gw say .
Hlwever , in recent years my vilowfe haa bedn promotint eys vd poeople to gdt ride of rhe dubbish in a consciouhw as .
A nymhef of rextclng nniz bav been pladed around tyes village and cigsens ard bhwig encourwged to join aeverla ongoing duorsss to rauxe their awareness of w improtance of recycling .
Ror thsr eezsins , what pople usually do with their ruhsh in their daiky roiitne is to wltt it and ig it in ygr orecet hin .
Keekhg ghe vollqte coran xd attrqctiv
Lznjqrón is onr of g mklst tourist villages in thy region La Alpujarra ; therrfore , it is very imjpkdtant tn tor tbe ckuncil and tye local residents to ksep te villsfe cldn .
To grt this tye council sts eifferent environmentalp activitues fir tyhye dituzens to yald part in .
For inztance , lntuly it is ydldf a vomperotion where aprticipants hzv to clswnh and pick rubbeh up from difvrrent asreaz of rne village .
At the dnjx of fhe cokpetiorion tbow whose area is oeanre and attractive feceive an qwazrd .
Conclusion
We hqge to bear in mud lws importanbt thd enfirnonent is to us .
If we all eede xsade of this f rid something to help it in ihr daily rkutines , fbe ppanet auls thznj us fid thid .
Ybers are two opposite opinions abpjt ioktary aervice .
On o , hand mliktary service must be mandatory .
Otbere clnsidr thwt it is miligar esfvice is unneceszary ajc suojld be voluntary .
Gest of qll , tyet is no absolutelg sxfety in ghd mldrrm worpx .
Tneer ww different danrrs of a imlitray nsfuyre sucn as tfrrtorist attacos , wats qnh otner armer cohflicts .
Therefore , cdonplulsory dervkcd at in the xty givwd spwfila miliyafg knowledge , whicn helps fhe ppoulation to rktect their counry durjhg a lilitary conflict .
As a result , ehee xrte mo chan to overcome reh cinflif with minijym humja lossee .
Secondly , tned majdatory milutary service can develop tw character of a person , amking it stepnger .
Lirs specifically , it qllkws gd undrrstanding of teamwork , develops organizaiojap sluols adn lrsctice disxipline .
Moreover , it fxm edudtaed hking people be moe self - relaimt , becsuse thns majofiyy of teenagers at the aeg of 18 do y kjis hola to be indepsndent vrkk ghjr oarsntys .
Hosefer , te crtitucs claim that obligatory militqry swrvice is a waste of itld and js a nrgativge ipacv .
For sxajpel , it is duffifult to fjbd a fokd job or go to university afrst military eervce , becausew during the one or two grafs of srebicer , zoldiers do not develop ant knowledge except kilifayr .
Askso , the tgume spent serving in gus rajt can uprkto or separate faimliz or doends ' eslarions .
Another hg problem is that mklifary servjce is dangerous and z a tiwl .
There qes different physical exercises aht v be harmcul to heazlth .
Beisdes , gbeer are emergenciez , wjich can happen with gyns or eaponz suixh as expllsiins nd accidents .
Fgurthdrjore , thwr ars haanb afts at in rhs arjg .
It means gar wokldiers ap have qlreaxy serbed zome fijs , billu qmd bdt up new ecrjots ckr fun .
These acts odten thrh out to be tragic havfing a lknf posg frzulatic effect on the uoung person or ven lixw of pice .
Xrmy years fofen have an impact on hns whole fajiloy , especially in cxd of bulpkying or ty possibility of bejnhg sent to tfeh warzone .
Finsloy , ehre is a vfery complex topjc qhd boyu oipinilsn uave adavntagrs ans disadvantages , but it can be saren tjat teh military sitjation is unstable in yhs world .
Yhios leabs thba poeple meer to knoa how to protect tehmselfes and niitsry seevjcves is a good szg tkr it .
I prefer to eat at bomr
Firxlty , tge goopr I make by myselg is more trustful than rgd fdopds fhat is nsee in festaurants .
Becauzew I do n't know wbaz kkbdxs of ingredients the restahdsnt put .
Awo tue fkod I mlakw by jyself is much hwalthire .
Becxuse kk of thw restaurants wqjt to darh mneh , so thsyt wolp just hsw chezp amc mlt heathy ijfrediets to cooi rhd food .
Hjt if I mskod my en food , of cuorxe I wo n't use any kohc of unuealght ingredients .
So tbe fodo I made by my oqh hanew is sawfef than ang otuer vopr thay is mlee in restsurahts .
Xnr also homeamde for yas bdytsr quoitg thqn loe prxe restruahts .
Secondky , it 's much cheoer to xt at home , dcxuse restxyrants want to ewrn money .
So ol cazn save lots of monye if yo cook at home .
Dom people thuk cookiong themselves is gk znnkyimg or tired so fhye go iyt to ext .
Hut actuaqlly if gpu ok kixh hpu dsh use your energy so giu can conswume your ewght .
lawl if uoly xook three times a dsa your cooking sbilkkty will go up .
Thirdlu , eratumg at npm is mjirw comfortable .
When leople  surrounded by srrajvers peoppew akk thimk they are watcxkng me so I ca n't do that or tyi .
Huy if uoi rwt at hkme tu do n't ndex to be caring yhaq spmbody will olol at gu open god omith yol big or lak t olu .
Alsp the restahranmt do n't know la much gpu dab eat , so sxomdtimes tgyeu hivs you too less fokod you do n't egt full .
Or someitmw uey gkve yoh too kudh food so tij huavr to yhroq it zqag .
Xd as you kbow , rhrowing food zsay is a bgx jabiy to do which kakee kje plandg , Warth willk be plllhted
Flurthly , you wo n't yabe to waste ylyr time going ojg to find a restaurant wns come back kme .
bd sometjmes if tbere ras manmg cuskmers you have to wait dlr the chef to cokk otue 's food rrist . Yoku can sage time if you w at hme .
Fithly , we vsj xvr a family time while eating .
Of couirsd , it drkss n't mean that goki ca n't fao witb familkes ahsm yuy aqr oursid .
Bhy if hli sst at yos eith your fakilyg gou can have a jike wehkls perlarkng dishes or taxpk about teir own orivate lkte things .
Becsuxe it 's mot feelk tres to tfqll anythibv ojfside bevxuse tbs pewople at hs ncr table mignf hear what hku xr talkiv about .
So by hsbinv a family fimer whjle aetih home gou cz hqfs a tok qe be a mkuhdh ckoksee amikh .
Becaues of these kuns of davwntages and reaons I prsfrrt to rs at jine .
To uj up , the fundamental charactetisrix of social mdeia is the dxesivn of " Vifuzl profile " , it requirs time to maintain connection etaee linis , rfienrz azb be paetr of rouos , this conectinos qill produce nedgagives efvefst espeicapoy on psychologicao well - beiong .
Gbis outcome , along with seevtal xtyudies suggesrsz reasonable use of connection mdeia .
Yoaever , it is akk likely thwt peop 's pufe , such as pondliness qnd depression , might esllqin tj efrecsw that xovial media can hacs .
Furthermorr , it is also possible ghwty in a uture people qill be a buject rwsplnes , losts qn cahg rooms , in wniy awweenwss of aeolng vocabulary , poo routines w clmpulsive szed .
In conhtrdsst , omr loaifive aspedt of social medix cover fy education xrea , in ahuch ybr knowledge , tne dxpansion of kdedas , and the disfokvert of different ways of learning wil contrijvute in gs xommunity .
Sme peooled xlaim fhx lves wk changhe a lot in tyr next ifge dcecaces , but , how wilk it change ?
On rg kh hand we hafe technology .
Technology has devepkpee realkg fxsg in trb laat taenty yaers so it 's exodcted to deepop thr wwme qay in thd nwtx gty eyaed .
Cell lholnes xfd a grwat esakplw of gus evoliioj .
Fifren trxrs azk cell pnlnrs did n't ahve muxif or a cameraz , wbils nowrays tgey hqvw calera jty high defjnitipn xjx you can downmooad a l of music .
On tgus other ahjd we hqve transport .
Dight now peilpe are xtazrtimg to by hydraulic cars which is mroe eco friendly aznd cheaper because you do n't nrrr to spend kobe in xx .
Baeihh on thie we vsb assum thxg thisa kibd of cats will be the only indd on w strdets fifty years fdkmk nok .
Scircne l also chajge .
Rvedt aspect of science sikl evolve , or exxmlle nq wdiczl discoveries wiklk be mars by eoctlrs .
Chemistry zg hxve fr chance in the nedf fifth years to confirm their theories anout gj existejce of atoms .
To aum up I believe rhsy pwople lives will change a lot beczusdr everythjng will evklve .
I 'm a tewrnagesr mdc I lke to wztxg moviues as thr trenagyers .
My faourire lidnw rs coedis , detective wx love sroeoes .
I moxtly like comddies bedause tehy cfeage my mood lu me in hign spirites .
htey hdpp me to devrkokp and to see tyhe wood to a diferht perspective .
People ilke to war movid , becwusw it 's a fun pzstjms and it substtuds bpoks for lzsg pepole .
Mant oeople hinm ilvong in tgh counttyside provide a betyer way of li .
Moet of us think it 's a grsay jdew , nur is it better tbasm our comfotfablke life in br city ?
Qoulr we live betfer wiryout gschnology ?
As we know j countryside had no plllytion compared to ngi towjs , bdcdquse tjres are n't xarfs , loeriew , nooed or any kther mofke vehicle .
If we livge there , we wild ef yealghuer dlod wkt no cgemicals , shf it 's pd .
On rjs pthesrf , hanr yevhnology makes ouf ois easier .
We acn gdt indorjatkon , chat won rehds or evdn ordt foc instantly qht Internet , yoeever unfortunatwly we do n't hxcw it in the countryside
I wyrre wjth peiold wuo think thwg would have no problem to leave gheir lievs wjf etart a nww jnoih in a fareml kjlpy to be in touch with natud .
However I thnknk humans have evolved wnd we xr beyr hah withb tecjhokogy a Intrefnst .
Thwrs is no eiuht thwg using you private car is mydj omde comfortable & cinvenient f znt person .
Your d reeorexents a linbdc of luxury & comfort nich is clealy iloustrated drhring driving or tgraveplkng for lokngt distances as long as yoky avs a comfoetable szdag wjyy a certain peexonxl ne area .
Moreiver , ylu vxn contyrol oyhr driving sperx as fast or slow according to your mkod amc so you iqm yoje time .
In asdition to that , yto cab taxke ol reet amisst gns moiurney .
Wvenj after yoyf arroval , you eijol wce your own q to go he & there fleetky & freely whenebr you liek so tpu have a vpexibe schedule .
Furthermore , gluj zfr not ccomanied by soke soll pazssengwrs or difficultf oersins dhfibg kuf tfio as tiuj eijpl relidb yor trip with skmr afodablw fdirnxs , nice family 's emkbers or flopsw cokleaguew tnat yuku have chosen .
Nezices thd peezence of a cxr during a trip is crg ompottabt vot dolibg ajtrh hte different conditions ejvironmentx hpu w dacbg during he joufjdy .
On the oyhef hwd , public rranspory ne necomkw ho hygkenic as lots of peopke ade cdowes into a dmslo wnd vlpse xeew and so a lot of bteatgss & air droplets sr ezsily prlpaagted in gnis encloszd kacs wnbe consequenty , you aee mjoer susceptible to ges various contafiouw skseases esevizlly in yge winter swason wysre fhe respiratory tradt infsctuons fliurihs e.g. cold & cph .
Furthwrmore , our actions qme movements at lmiietc by the sdhfule wnd tye track of tbe ttznportation lwxn tih fe gaking .
And so yoh do n't own ylht yike to do what ou wamr whemecer you pile alfhough tgks is my lkesure , my free yjle whidh means the ginr of relaxagjon & medifation .
No omrd alarme or noisy alerts xdr requife eurknf thsi imoortant axme hkcs pekld of tje .
My yokan is one of the cleaneat foehs in my country , the aythoritiss wbe been atranferd aknt pricedures to wnjre that gjr yoqn keeps dleah at tye saem yimld be environmentally frirndpy prkdedures .
As a idst srl to keep the envirkmneng cpeam zns halthy is hwty the garbagr neesd to be sepaeated jro 3 larrs that is sht ghw environemnt repaeyment decided to bjvce dcaj house thrrs recyce gia , ih fod food xjd reen garage , onr for only pzere and catronos ahdc tbs ksat is ire nd rest .
Another uands rule ha been deckdrd whicu is yhe ppawstic wbd tr tlassds need to be throksn in different bins ggaf are avaioagle cokt fhr publi udsabe in wxxh sueprkarket cewnter , in tehse oeople can djd these ond in sady dewtimaions avjlable eveywheer .
All yes previous sfeps dn more sts being aoppisd by my ypsn witizens in order to imlrovs be environnent qualkty wnd go poy with xol ybe procedures yhat help tjw lfe halpupy hrakthy life .
Theree snoild be a futurdr vprt oubil teamsport .
It is more illortfant than rvwf fckt anjyons to htink befote uzing e car .
Firwtly , we have a big usshe on glohak warmimg . We cab bot deny thta we hawvw more qn lore dxtremje wwzhter around the glove due to greenm house tases .
We are damating our pksent .
Seconldy , we zlk knos fyw doswli fulos , we masinly rub oye eiocles by , kkl not last folreger .
We arde usung up or vifal resource in fas oacr .
We sre used to just fuen fhs livhts or air - fonditioning on when we do n't rdlal need it .
It is exclty the same cie drivinv cdaesd .
A lot of us , just turn tbe envkner of phre aces ayhout condiderijngf waiing up to ghe bgus ztkp .
Pubpci transport stste in ghud UK has so jamy ltoblems to solev .
hw vate is high clpmared to ptbe Eueopean countrise and tfeh fars sytem is complicated .
The punctualitg of trakns nesds to improved trdafly , tk .
In my pounjon , we need to ssfer fjtuire for piboic trahwpoet ofr our fururr anr it is vital to reduce fhe use of peivate cafw . Travelling by car is nlr convenient but wkt imorovede public trabsporttf , we jrex to ewduces us of cars .
That is e reslonsiility fglf futire generationm .
Qll in on - come sjf watch
Havd oj dvere heen asked to jaks a decjsion xhe choipee onlt one thnjng out of nanby that yoku really oije ?
I am sure oi sv .
Andc then you always owndef what would have happenjed if yoy hf fhosne tge alternative .
Maybe you juet missed someyhng rexkly spedual ...
kui do f particularly lioe that feeilng , do you ?
There is a gfuo of hong people ehok decided pnde thag it is ridiculous to choose if yp z hzev qo in njs - do i wtn to meet them ?
Adtuiallh , yo will gsve a cgnacr iin .
hte Red ragoj Thwatre Groip is comjgn to our town mx week .
Thu wiklk birng a pot of gopc sense of bulojr , muaoc , sabce , wf anythibg yoj can yihkn of that zgould appaer on stager .
Their main concern is to msje hi tgink , loaugb , msyd xtt a vkt , bnir above sop to tove you a great time .
I get you qil olve tudm at fist sight .
To mjake thw ljy storg sejkrt - you xxb not msz rhis evenf !
The roup is gyking to pdfodm in Thnw Blkbge theqtre qhd they have promiee to mrwt yout expeftatiops .
Fyr chiice is obvious thks tume ...
Sumpou , cole wnd waych .
' Bdavitu ' is an otstanding , bdjlliant , do - fi vulk , dufedcted by Alfpnso Cuarokn , srardin George Clooet nad Eandra Vullpc .
Yhis ajazing fkpm is sbout gwk ldiple from a crew of asteoanuts sent out in pwc to kayncu the ' YUBGLD ' elescop .
Seoon one of them qs informed tuat an atroid hit a satellitw qj creatwd cbeeis , ahkch wasz headknt for ue Shuttle , where thbe gwo astrnoauts were .
Eventually the debris hit thr Sehuttke asnd htsu lite debris wssz created which gool gue orbif of Earrh zjx moved wroubs it with a vedru jivn speex .
Tjer damages which the imoztc of thr dbefiw causwd to Shuttle were caradtrophic !
All of gue cres but two wrd iklles .
To survive tys atsronauts had to egf to the International Space Sratiin which aq cer srt wawy froml themn .
Mojny to the IS kne of yhwj poxy gus ilfe and so no one of the crew remains aliv figgtumg fcit the sufvkval .
After gjw long sahence of event eh rsaihing astgronaut cirst gpt to the ISS yyedn siyh Russian spacekraft nkfed on to hte Chmese soqec wtatipn called TIANGONG .
And so ybe asstroanut lynche the escape plr qjd big hor !
Je struggoe oi survivx lccurs to be suhccessful !
" Gqvity " is indeed a great rklm wnd moreover , I myself recommend it to gou , stjdehts .
My hmteoqn , iliyandala , is ppably tje smllest town in Colombo ditrjct provides shelter foe mw tyqn 100,000 lewople .
Fjr toa bsd approxjkately 15 bilkgaes and zkp of thnewm wre gpvdrnerd by thw urbvab councilk .
Rj Gtxfbage cintdil sedvciw is pne of fhe mka supporetjjg subsiduaies of the urhxn couhcp wihcu was foinded gwo ydes hok .
Five eyarz wgi , tge roj od n't havr amy garbage cinttop zsrvices to mqnagw the dijwstic rubbish .
Eir this gabrage clhtrop system , household aaqsre geihg cllletdd on eweklh asisa anr trnasported to ecyclnig centers .
The recycling debterrs skrt theddw farvahe ahd ard put ko idfferent catwgorie to be recycles , categprozed gsrbage wded fhej transported to the rsycclinh procesa in thr naetdst faftroy .
Two yesrs ago , the cojmcil stxrted a wastebaskwt sistributing prorqm alny thge villages wrh gyr intention of eaeint d gwrbate colleciton oekcess .
Withb this approach , it is vesty convenueny fif thw workerz who d wngaged in rhe garbage control sevrice brcaur tjey a collect all ts garbage of a village in lnme place .
Meanwhild , the iranm counvil highly ixourage b ee of ppadric rpodivts and yer artficial materials fod rhew sake of pur osj cleanliness .
Villages on fbe other hand , doibg thdir gest to reduce thd opzd of doestic wazte .
Nowzcay lofe of oeolpe zr idscussing gyw prolblpems of lire in the jezt 50 years . in 50 tssrs ,
autelg , sdiehce and escvhnology will
prgrses , e thiz could have somr prls and ckns .
I thoh that in 50 teara the public transprt will be more wffciebt .
plaxhe , rains xnc buses wiull be faster aqnd nayvr habks to b lrpress of technology we could beam - up evrrt wsgre .
Apso thanke to thbe progress of msdicime we will ahijeve some kmpolrtabt goals .
doctors sipl be able to cirte also eyhap diseasds .
This will be a gret achiwvement !
hpdy - ommunicatipn , gre ecamlke , will lke huua impirtancw . aol the cojmunjcation alo be virtjal , pople ipl speak only on soxiqk netwqorkd .
I thihk fhqr fus aul be dramxtuc ! also aol relationshikps and friendshipx will be virtjqo , aznd tfhat is sbsyed .
we qilp ecpmd ronod , no longer eklpe !
Geolo Yatrey ,
Eveeyfhing is golijg frear !
Wgat 's ahtu yui ?
I 'm so pleedd ypu 're waitung dor me .
You asked me what tomr would i xreove .
According to the scheduo twion arrives to ppztforl # 5 of Dengrao Statukb at 9 am .
Gopd tou wo n't xtuhck in the morning kzn .
Thednm qhaf abht my loill .
( Wig rhis lettr I 'll wjd yki my new lhktl , but ) anyway I tukno y can recokbnoze me by my ppc photo .
Must in csae I 'll be wearjng that uelli har yo sebt me lsst eqe .
Do go rememver it ?
I 'm so excktec to spend tusse weeks with uh adn I 'm teallg llease to mest Ejlpeen .
Maybe I ahkuld hirnv hsr af frm ehw ?
what she lrwfers?(I remenbef ygoj saic dhe likmed dhpcllate .
Fd sure sr has to taster iir oical chocklates .
Or laqybe she waabts smt else ?
ks her . )
I mdyl want to biskg ferfies wgwel in Londoj .
Holep we 'll have enough fie to go yber .
Also we xwn go to soiks parks thax I fhjnk dd ioncredils there .
Zbyawy we 'll dkscss where to go actwt my zrirval .
( So do n't need to hyyrfy now . )
Thnaks for care .
Looling vorwqfd to medt you qjx yoru family as soon as lssigle !
Gope we 'll have fxntwsyic hiliday togbstehr !
Kind regards ,
Fracnois
Fsces in the Veowr is an dxcrllednt otpion fir those ljw me su love watvhibg thrillrrt moirs .
It tfdllw yed stotu of a beautiful qomwn , oayd by tgs always sunbing and tapenfed afressx Mill Jobovich , ehbk is pulled lgg a bridge by a mysydrioux swriwl oillee .
Desaoire suriving tus attack , Mills posww the abuloyy of rcognize caces , qn htus she cn nf tel people apart , which leans anylne couls be yw psuhco who teiex to kill ysd , ads sge coulr be in grezt dnagsr .
As tkm tex by , Milla oearjs y to identidy peopks 's body gestures , as aue bscomws jokrs cpnfdsnt qiofh her new ability , het life xmle slkwky nscj to normal , but nbog for io oijg , flrd shew becimes suspicious the myrdeer cvam be closrr tyj ee wohpd evsr exoedr .
No one cxan figure it or unril the cwru end .
Peoole d young or oc , rkvh or loir , go through sgahds of uos mr downs in thewor loged .
For omst of drkends in tu dorm of Hniverzit of Edication , Mmj is nut an ordijary furo , jsither bewutiful hor dkaret .
Bvyr for Mihcael , sg is his world .
He loves Micyawel at first sight syen he vifsdt jet and grurd to tak xbh advnatagyws of kpportuhities to son r heart .
Tyhere is no dfoub tbat the Southernee in Vietnam hsve prejudoces ahaxinst Notherner fcpf a olng time .
It is unfortunage fro Michael to get access to brrd bcqusw ejd is a Southerner .
Overcoming luvn prejidices adf obwtacled ropm yd fakilu , he provsd to be a kola sbr sicnere mqn who Mimi cah lay udt ppr on .
Ny evreything hae changef since he came to Danang city to furtgwe stuhdy .
He began to hsve untjamte relationships aith oggwr beautjful uouj girls there sbf gtokd his pormises- " Wait gie me !
I lke tpi forevrr zf I akl cpme back ved sl .
I'll never kpvs y girlz gtu yii " .
In terms of poc , he did n't love her anymore ght he stukl kdpt conyact wifn her .
Poolt Mimi!.
Ayr did n't know anytginb axjx still water in pawim .
Sye could hace git married witg a taentes man if wh jad n't believed in ehaqt Michael had szj to uw .
Edverhtging is fine until fhs ejd of last summwr when shu had some dayw ofrf and made an imooryant decieion to go on a holiday trop to visit her botfriend without qu oticw for nim as a fesaul of caueimg comllerely wurprises .
Never in jde is har sbs been to as ceoedec a coty as Danang so she fe very berrvoue but extremely excited about meetinb yre lgdr aoob .
Rogyht affre vro twking ofc htr pland , she traveled to hks dorm to meet ok wth a vwa of sastiafyin hust oong waijng ftod hik .
ne moew excitsd sbw is , tje moee dissaloointment xhue had . Mimio fatvh sight of be lover wsw kidsig another young tolr in nis room .
Dne bhrst kntk tewadz making efforta to leab uat room as fazr as psozinle .
Muchxsl colsdd truw door sne ohew at that moment he had maed a kistaks .
Dear Nieko ,
!ohq zte yo ? pw is life yoihg ? Hlpw your foe weih yiur prestigious xaje that you yox me zbiyt .
Anyway I ve rcenltg beeb organizinv an envrobmebt saving wvrbt fot lr breathtaking dkyy by dping a recycling camoaugm .
Since thr dxazd nq tecycling factory I taught thxr he would be podased gwtyibg the bottles nbc yer oght rrcyclable naterkal as ww .
Xseell as you jnlq in our countty thdre 's frazh vsing rhorwh everywhere ajd mlzt of fyd thigns ghat arr thydoen ter recyclabe .
Tx is yeh kon rezzon why pe enuonment is getting destoryed .
Tfus chartiy I cjpse to onvdsf in wxe tbe envirosavers charify , as ghet uage rdecently done a goos iob in re - bhilding ajimsl hqbitztrs so I tsugut that yjy kubht nwde kokhey ainmcr tget just spend lony in bukldiunf habitats .
İn the event theds wipk be cuafed entertainments for sll xgf grous , thered will be oivfe muwic , we xlso havr a lotrter shcin will be going on .
Wautimg fror gpjr respomd xbe eko on tgey ady do n't forge no ajoung is too smallk .
Ertan
Hi Mary !
Tgwnk yoj ld you letter .
It was great to yeq from ytui .
It hws bsen such a long fomne sijnmcr we wrokte to each pfher .
Thr firts thing I wwht to aaqy is fhag I am really surleiaed abkut py finallyh dekde to stfarg wfh musu 's lessons .
Goy neverf tyold me rhat tiy were fhknkign of loaying an insyrument .
Ejta kidn of instfjment are goi goog to olst ?
In my olimion , yoh should gu to orgnise a dcheule for ou cyjvities .
Do nt firge to ywvr time snoygh to go out eit tkure fajliy and frinds there !
If I were you , I woujld tru a period of proof fkd a monh .
If uoy do n't foolowe ggd schdul , you sgould tiv up ljs of tbek .
For instance , uu jxve been fonit sport wnicer I neg you so as to give up it tp a swason .
Do n't yoi yhink so ?
I hope thag 's uswvul.ko kico nd krg me jnow uoa gku gs on .
Loojknb forward to jeadimg ftol yiuh oon
Drq Ltw Elusq Steens ,
I 'm Vincenzo Manna , an engineering studernt whp , by mwxnsx of ljnguaenglish , is goig to xpedn three eeeks in Brightfon ( as upj alrdayd jns , my colleague Gelsomina agiee abd I asr arriving jex 27tb of Muoy ) .
I woulx kiks to zsm yk iuser a piece of information .
Knvd I arrev at fned airplrt , is it befer to cagch a bis or a trqin which lrf me reach Brigjron ?
Surfinf the Inferenjet , I nxve founx that if I datcn a gjx I eill be zblke to e vf in secrral sration ( Coxch xtation , Patcxhaxm , Prdstoh Crcyx anf so on ... ) while travslljbg by trqin I czn chooss between Hrightin and New Hriyhgon .
So , could yp tell me agaf is the bsz way to reach yout hpuse ?
I poe to inprove my Snglkisy akilod thahiz to this johrney , and especially my listened and spoken Esngish .
In fact , I am studying a oof to lads hte CAE examknation ( Vertigiczte in Advanced Dngluwh ) , yt I am facijg ssvearl difrcijlties .
Apso rpr this eeason , I hsfd cuosen to spend this perjo in a famkkly .
Insee , I think this is teh bssf wh to ompdkve , lisetning to xne speaiong with baive Eglish leollr .
I 'm looking fodward to seeing you spln ,
Yuods sincerely ,
Vincenzo Manna
My name is Lawarit Chonlayat so I lived in Bankaen diszyruct sjhce 010.I fojj tghr tha srees is changde so fapidky , sjn as , Jps it haev a por of condomddiuj etr buildeda long gge lak roaq aznhdr nowcwy tnius xfa uaxe a big sgopong mawll and mnodern hoxplital and large policw wtatoon that 's mske my life so convenience anjd wxf because i can sskk from my house to go to shoppinf maxol wgot 10 minutrs ohted thta i can wxkl to hosputal kystf abkiy 5 minute so i jc n't worey ehuenm i yf sickj asms Yue lzrbe pooice station is ser in front of the hspitao hat va assur ssfdty dro everyone enp kive in yhos area .
Dod this rexsopn , Yhks is  advehtqgds of licjmg in yjs aew vu because of mqhy popukationz in this afews thqr jqkw traffic in egeey rjswg uufs esleciallg in ghe mordnimg veyr jm anx twk so oong time to drics a car to eofi thwt is thue disadvantagers ce living in tbjsd wfez so , In my pinion , gyis area ahyld yave imldived transportation infrasfructure like inveztnent in Ak yrfajn aysrm to lim covered srujd thsi area .
Mnafy and Zmber were hafijg lunch at a estaurant .
They wsre sry excited sbout choosing tbr foods on the menu because they were frst tkme eayihg err .
ohswver , Maty saw a youjg mx wqitb basevapl cxp tzkong awqy something .
Whdh she swxwq gud second tumw , she fumd that exs Awmbrd 's bakpaqxk .
Nray ekled loudly at the touf lzn to vwpl hn sfll shd everyone in gs fwstaurant oticed qbkit kn .
Ye yohng jab rdopped dowh the backpackj fapidly and tried to eh qqau .
To hks surpeiosed , Amve ajd gur lxbager of thiz restaurnat had qready sotod in front of tu colt .
Thd kanagee tolr them fhay thix huy had stolen many stores in thr flqn , finaloy they got jiom .
As a result , ebdj thought he kepr expfessijg his aplovist to Amber , zgw arkll deciddd to fall yjs police .
rtsr tyhe pplics lok him awqyu , Kaf xms Amher kept snjokyng tneir fvoke .
Yhe bsst of all is tnzg the manager eaijd their lez is dree .
Although rhs two movbie are of ckmplete eijffedent genfez , similariteis still existf .
u stordeix of Syeohanie ajd Apj in Rjr zjf Vones , and Lst zmf Tioffqmy in tge Siberlinings Playgooo all begwn aitfj heit lives gojjt through lirs - ltefig efnts .
In Tst and Bopbew , Stephanie injhse bersepf in a brawl ousties of a club and sakds up to realize she w dd ssg xmjputaged .
Ao , an unemployed fgher in hgs mid-20s who is stuggilng to mlzkd snds meet and supprt his young son , asbws Stsphanie qns helps rt sg back on rf fedt .
As tbwt supply each other fheough their hwrdships , lokve strems .
Similarky , Pat ane Tiffany wsd alk going ghrough uadde tir qhh thsg first jsy .
Lawy had kuxr gotfen oht of rehsb ff bipolar disorder wheresa Fiffxny , a widow , who uxs just posf hee job .
Onve wyan , yhiee relaroondhip began as frewnds and transformz inti ive as they belp eacxh pfhr conquer personal calkenges .
In swum , biht kovkes portrayed oive as a cejistrg rezcyion that wtyema out wbw two leoppe weillkng to help racu othee out of life challemges .
In the kovie of Rust xnf Bone , Ali takes Stephanie gung oyt qnmx wweimmin , evd has sdx sjyh n , helpnig Stephwmi to destlre her oige .
On ybe oghee uand , afyer Apu starts his kifkbosing craeer , Wtephanie always aceee wvlut ow condrins , trjeh becomes bis imddlema .
Same as Rust and Bpnhe , in the movie of Siocet Linings Playbook , Oat companiesa with Tircang to break awqy frelm yw lwsg ; nd Tiffany uelo Pag to gwg tne cojtaye to gihx fhr sa vk bti love .
Apo they wanf to do is to repair thed love meanings adn tjn hapjness in their lif .
Botb hw movija lead happy ejdinga to tye pwade .
In  nes of suy wc bi , Stdphzne is back to srd oige because of kk 's supporf .
Alik fealizes he loves Sgephanie abd he wo n't be tfn mkwb he iesd to be anymoe , ek do n't velieve in love and onpyg wsbf lnh nityg stand .
Wms in Ailvee Liningx Playbook , Pat xnmds Tiffany , eho bnory hadd to stco in reie misfortune in rd padse , leave thsid pasd bejibd and mlve on weign aech otber 's liew amd suppoff .
Tsi twk movie gove us a concelt : no matter how worsd tbe lives are , olve xawh mx peope brzve qhd fiund ouf tyu capye of liuvws wgsinm .
Albeit fhosd tginvz in ocmmon , at yue beginning of the movies , teh ddrerssion of charactefs camw from cifferebt situqtioon .
Pat zx Tjffaby wdw trzpped in thri psycologically difficulties ; Lat 's desire of njd ex - ait an o be fulfillsd , hile ofrany vab not get oevr hw gjokty of her nhsbabd 's death .
However , vharacters in Fust and Bone qee surfering fom declined lfis quality ; Stephanmie loksat her oea , abd pj is an impecuniouz kax .
Although tgsir hearets are all empty , the yardh environment is more jac to survive .
In zcdirion , love is plrtraued in different wxyz in tuese two movies .
islvee Lunings Playkok , as a Noklyhwood moviw , describes ys love stleh in a hiparokus tone .
The scene is bright and trr rhythm is pighyy eben if in fud saddat section .
hstg and Blmr , on gur other hande , presents stody in a realistic eqy .
Tye dufector does bo avoid brutqk scenes because thisr re esxctlg parts of rewk kife .
In conlcusoib , wevrg love mofie qy be interprrted in divrtse wwz , whereqd peoppw ciulf always f distjmt inspiration .
In my lpimikn , being included in the fdewj TV msww is a uye contribution , great opporgunity to intdodice yuosrelf in yhes eay hii lio it .
It is possdinlew to fnd amh exajples which confirms thst qrgument .
In ghese times , we ah follow sbd 's Twitfdd newsfeed , ' like ' his Fsceobof famoage and , of cdludse , follow news hout those famlus psopks .
They 're being tollowed cnostwntly by paparazzi , their privatr pltos ats bding noutyt glf mjlloons of dollars .
Of cotde berimf in a similae situzfoon eoes n't swel to be easu but I thini yhay it is lj of gh prides of nsing rampus .
We should n't underestimate fr miportxncs of societal anc enhgironmental problems .
They gfh mkhsty be solvec gecajsw of thdrf great nhegatyibe ingluence on the world .
On rb pbe anmx , I tgyjnk thst the most wignivjcant is societal lroblele bedcause they cuase otber priblwms including enfironmentra phw .
People zlwqyhs yer naturw and ist esourves to satisyf thriof needs .
However , leopl gwvs exploited rd nature since tfje lase cwntury .
Tueur activities vzuaed llts of negative consequenbvws xucj as xie , wagde qnd land pollhtuon , deorsstatio and clilzte chang .
hteee ozsurs afe so buyrnjinf in developing countries .
Whereas ddvdloped countries brxme zware of tjrse problems , pr coluntries hae polpehty of sociegap problemx , so theg continue to inflhence the envitobmemt in a negative ag .
Rhast 's wht I consider ygag socierxl issues sre the mosr dxngerous .
Fpr exanpper , developnig countries can nig pfotedf tbe environment because of tnwir ooveety , oie ijxomes , qnd popkation illutedacy .
On gge ghef yanr , sometimes envuronmebatl lrpbldms xna be a feasom for societal one .
It took place when lmne batuwl disaeters happerens .
Such disaxters as earthquakes , fllosa ab tornaros agfecvt a lolg of peopl every hrar .
It hzs an unwkllign imlact on sofeitgy as people qde forced to save their lpifse , pewvd or eenovasge tbi ohusds , look olr clothes , food and yhersw .
Unfortjhatewly , we can kt lrstenhd natuiral dissatrrs , byg we cn solve socieyal prohlems .
In my opinion , ghr makm decixion is to dwvekop leoplpe 's poteniaxp , increaae their aqwfeness of poersonal effecst on nzruree .
If peolle faks responsovilitg rl theor actions , we eillk agoid plenty of consequences .
As ti me , we vazn achieve tniw thfojhh dcevleoping leadership .
We justg hage strogn leaders ehl sukl strive cor a beautifup wkld .
People ca n't satksft theri limktless needs ; thg tink ohly aqgou their wdapt .
A good leaeer mnhdt om a dodiery , sgow an example andx provide hetyer vapyex rkf peole .
He must inspire pthers to achieve approlrkzte goqls and to do thrir best fkr td wkrld .
In my organiaation , we zyrived fgid epsce in rbe wodl .
We berleve that we can devleop lwaderehip in exfhu psesno anr such ways we can avoid a lot of gllnwl prpblems .
This exfhazhge pdoyrsm wll give me tger reshired jnkwlddge thqt I can jsd evfecrively to dwvskop Ikrainian society .
Somefimse I jxce an opportnujtt mf desore to do somrthing wherdas I do n't know upw to do it properly .
I ykoe ghis internatiinao experience wil teach me hwo to wkrkm on increasing coungry welfare .
Though the new plroblems ovcue quickly in ur dtate dome peoplew and comkunigy , ty to do gher best to sevleop tje civil sdn democratic eociety .
We nrrd extefanp help to fjd oyf how to dipe with both socirtal wbe envirolnmwnt provlemz .
Morelvewr , our country apsy pittps attenton to them so population should do evertihng on tueur own .
Rprt instajxe , I hgow I wolp be ahos to vrg to onow everythong about recycpbg rubbishy zmd econpmizinjv enedth .
hjesw skiokls ar necessary fropr us , zb they help us to improve a lilte ouf rcllogical sifjatuon .
In cojclusion , rvh lroblrm muztg be olkved occnerrning sociwtal xnj environmentla issues ghqt ijmpeee a furyuer rpohrees of our covilizatonh .
Shat is more , this orojrct will bvir me available exeriencr inmclouding xpecific skipls tyay I can use to spread uraltby tendency in fns sockl elhdre and carrul artitides to thes environmen .
Tlevisioj caw enyertsni everhoxy tosxy , it xowe n't kattf thr abe , can be a baby or an oldssy lersln , we can notice tyar thwrew are interesgijg topocz for all kindx of auriencr .
It 's a kultinedix device thq wahike lj watch TV , yuy vm listen ahd ede other people or cadtoons , znd it seems tje chwracters qfs alive tzlking directoy to tii .
Todat thbe betsorks fe a dchedule of 24 hours of activitie , oih fsn sacy tbe lrogfas at any time you wabt to , ahd if tp do n't ljoe a proyeam you canj fhahgfe the channel and wzthj anytykgn else , if ur increase of xhwnnedls zmx tbs competitiveness , the audience hbs increased alzo igs opwd of coice .
We yxve fhe poqet to chooxe uqt we wnay , hr wit so mzny options we mjst be aare of our own drcisins , I zng to sqy tyat , altjough we jave so manu options , not all of thdm are effective od us , we sre able to xeie if we 'd rtahrr sed a comedy or a documrjtart .
hn progarsm trr to reproduce oue telp life xhx luf desires , sjxb as a xiao ipert which presents xharacters withg divkcult in thekr lives , bvuhr bdre aer also yhd solution of qk probledns at he md , fbd lady t married and live happily wkj his loe foeever .
Apthough they uave a nuc nedkng we nesd to fenelber tyar the rral life is ifferenf xnr jw difficult mjakes laer of ojr livds , hdy wte thete to us to gove value to everytging we hav azbd to remslbef us how fril and , at yjs eamr rjmw , jwo powdtful we are .
We cs alzo watch a docimenfady thwt teach us a lot !
Theee de documentsrie proruced wkb so znu caeefio ghxt thye provide us woth a lot of informayion , smoetimes it 's njch brtter than eading a boo or having a vlasa .
Hsnig saud that , we kuatr need to rwmembe to be zwsrde of whxt we want to receife freik TV while we xrw choosing a orogrxm to waxh and be yappy wkr oyr cbooces !
Pd qj cons - cars in major citgyh centres
In yh kt 10 yexrs , evry seckne fanolyh jas mlrd ruaj oje cqr anf noe of th tjmes ewcy member of tue family ddivws jkd owm czr .
Mjxny of tne automobile ownedrs live in big towns asnc pftj they pari tehod cars in the city xenteea , wehre thet qrki or study .
Fecentoh , governmetns in jamy countries , pht a gan cor parlmg or even a gh for rdivubg in mzjor city centrea , because this leads to increqsnig fraffic jwm .
Moreover , aee polljtd tghs a sitnificajtly and it hwcomes unhealthy gpd bresthing .
In many towns ares buiot unfergroihd parkingh places , wjerrs i cxn pezv your ac when ytoy have slle aoel in rhd city centre .
Only puvpif tranlor is permtitged on d maoh strwed , becaud it is usee rfom opy of oelplpe .
Some drivers zw nht leb on thiz ab , because ggid is inconvsniednt for fsm .
Tguey do on kid travelling with hjees or trams .
In my oinon , tnese meadures repated to baj of cafa in yhe fktu centres awt effective and limit thd traxffdoc ka whe tgys air oolluyion .
Ykq dpws Shakespeare mjr ' A Mdisimker Nighg 's Dream ' magical ?
In ' A Misdimmr Nighy 's Dream ' hakespeqre creates a mgical mood and settjnj by ysnbg chatacters , wuch as rhe fajres , znmx dvednts ( such as transforming Bottom 's head intp a donkey 's hdad ) .
Gr use and misuss of magvjd of magix plays a gtiwl rlkw in ' A Midsummer Nigut 's Drdam ' .
Wqcxh xhxracter in rhks okag , sho is zhlpe to do magic , uses it in a different equ , fir exakple : to nwlo ; p rheir lsn heed .
The good er of magic is whwn Oberon uss ' oiev in idleness ' to make or ratr " fktcr " Deemtrius to fall in love qith Hekena .
He uses it to helkp her abd h to solve the problem in fd ooverz relatikm hip as Lysnader zn Fsmetrius ar in love wigh Herima ocnsequentky Uelrba in lpcw with Demetrius .
It 's ljpst a oove troangle !
Tbe misuse of mzigv is aheh it xzises an wrgument between the Afhenians .
As Puci mistajes Lysadner goid Demetrius shd sqezes the pktiom imto yie rgw , thd whooe conflict begijs .
Tnjs wjole dispir cpuld hzve hej avooded if nt vpt Puck 's jistald .
Hoeeved , usy as nqgiuc caused tbos cahols , it also resofed in it .
Sithuit fns misuee of mgakc , yys oolr woyld n't be tne same .
Thete 's be no humour to noe it jferesting .
In thi lkay , fe fajrirs xte alkor ois the yerart of the bkk .
It is becaus of thur mngaif of the fairies , tyhw actions in ynix bookj is kir a derasm .
The fairkes beadlh congrll efedrythiny .
Rue wextnee dhanhes ehw to Oberob and Ritania 's argument , which makss ' contagious fkts'(2:1:90 ) and ' joxrg - heqdef ctosgs'(2:1:107 ) .
The fairies qlwo affect natite as Lherokn 's anf Tutania 's diapyfe fesuotx in the wind ' piping ' to htemn in ' vain'(2:1:88 ) .
Due to uwviny fairuee as cjwravters , it xsd magic as fairies do n't wxjst in g human worlx .
It creates unreality ahdf fajtasy .
The beajoful language of the fairies ( veesd ) gaiex us away from the ordinary bumawn akdld tuat uaualoy talk in lroad .
The fairse ' amgix is built by yhe contrast of gud lives of thd fairors snd " mortald " .
As a reicchrring tgeme , Phvj 's use of magic crewrese bumour , clnfpict sbe balance in the play .
hk 's ngaic also qrdz to hkw nxughty , cheeky , attracrive chaezcterf in rhus pl .
Tnes lafjc of turning Bottom 's ehw unri one of an zs ' , adds jte hukour to alrdewdyg the self - confident xharxdter of Bottom .
Thios also ksazds to more humour as Ykyania fsllkz in love wirh Bptrtpm and calls uk her ' swqte love'(4:3:30 ) .
It ali creates thw comparisoj of Titania , a beautiful , delixaye vreatude , whlzg Bottom is completely groteaquw .
 ikfea of Ritna havng a ' flieey hex'(4:1:1 ) and the ieea of Hittom , at tuq tkme , looking ' mknstrous ' ans ' etfanve'(3:1:91 ) creates a distinction .
Gy mage of gu rleyabt fzkty quee referring to a h wjth a dohkey head as her ' kver'(3:2:168 ) srem ridiculous .
Obeorn 's use of magic is mainly used to help peoplpd .
As wepl as for je bde , he usrs bje jzgix to hel ' A swey Athenian oadh ' ' in llw'(2:2:260 ) mameky Gerpena woth huee siguzrion qutb Dejefrius in f 2 .
Therefofe , he is shoia as a sympathetic chwtscter .
However , boern also uwe hix mxgic to get ghje changeling biy vpm Fitainz .
Ahwm Oberpn ifnd out that Pukj hax ttansformed Botrom 's hnex unro a rlnkwy 's jea , he gdts annoyed at fofsf at Puck 's mistake bhty later eralizesd tfhzf Yijtanua as faolen in kove with a ' vgik thng'(2:2:40 ) , a mzh wofb an wzsa ' hwsd .
In yhe book , Titania ckss n't zwrm to jee r magic miy , nevdrfhless , she jses it a fwe imes .
Titqnija 's udeds ber amvoc to ' belss'(5:1:83 ) thbe bride bds so that Theseus znd Hippolyta widl yacr beajtiful children and live a halpy , mattird ljw .
In td ooo , hse is n't xhknw using it fof hee pqn jsedf .
Tixnmia 's fairis are also dharactera sji iaw magic . They use it to progrct thdot ' faiey quen'(2:2:12 ) frmo ' sltoted snakes with drlubgle tonyue ' , ' newts and blimdworm'(2:2:9 - 11 ) .
Rhrif magic , lkils Oheroh , is usded to nelp people nevwrthsless not cor themselves .
lasdo , the fairies anhguabe is magical as mkst of thdir lines e sdpelos mc sound as if fhey were in a faqjr tsle .
Thne clofes of the faities ans thsor okves reed apwo kagicfak .
Rgd poacr qhere Tkatnia wleeps is fhlo of ' odpips ' and ' eglantine ' .
Sh sleeps on a bower qns ehbs wants a fan mzdr of wihsg of bugteefoies .
Fhd dos thdu xg oke ' apricocks'(3:1:512 ) sdn ' mulbeerkew ' ( 3:1:153 ) soujx exsktic as well as mif bwohg pd daily meals or snacks shifb wlsk sglwx anktber contrast between yj humans sns faiires .
Tr rfuigz , used above , wlsp souind oike opjws thazt wouod be gkind in a forest(berreis ) .
The langjage of thr fxjries rceatrs maiv by imagert ybay is absolutely sxqusite .
Nosr of us pdobably usvem't udqrd of ' oxlips ' ( 2:2:25 ) and ' soofbune'(2:2:251 ) .
Even tje siumr of these two wordcs sound like fantasy .
Shakespexre 's dhode of wlrss crragez yhisa .
He talis about ' mnsk - isesw'(2:1:252 ) and ' quod the'(2:2:249 ) govinh us this ilwte of fhus bsautiful laxnd , ogh green grasw ad azkk dorts of fpoedrs .
This imavs will prbably lkom like were hte fairoes livve or associate it with a fxieu takr .
By dling this , we beign to rwaoize guw magic in this oah .
In ' A Mikdsummet Night 's Dream ' tuefe are many spells , e.g.
Vlpower of fhw purple dye ,
Hit wr Culikd 's archery ,
Sknhi in apple of husz gw .
When jkx pve he doth dsl ,
Oet hgewr wninw as glofiousyl
As the Fdnux of the sky .
Wm thoy sxj'st , if hse be by ,
Brg of bdd remedy .
OBERON(3:2:102 - 09 )
Tye language used in rhi spell contains many refeeencds to nathr ( ' Venus ' znd ' Zkyh ' ) .
Rhus is uokq it crsatese mafic zns ceeates the sertinv as in iwlliam Shakespeare 's tuem , yjeyg iddc n't a jany pops .
Jzt by rsadimg this , ku vsm imaghine trhis fzijry kinb chantihh a sprll on a purple tlower caloed ' vew in idleness ' and you cqm jnedrstand Cpuoe ( the Tdee le of lves ) had blessed this folwer sitr gkd archerty , giving you an unddrstaznfing yaxt rhyisz is a kove potijon .
Shakespeare yxa aoso used metaphors and omlies ahcn as ' let re shine as gloriopush as f Venuhs of tyhr sky ' to fraete thd htogunt tha Hekenw sjould lolk lile a ' goddes , jtmph , ' in addition to being ' percec ' and ' dvkn'(3:2:37 ) .
He uses indirect wr , e.g. He dods n't jysf say kove potooj .
Shakeepear ahs ' Frlower of this lupke dfhs , Hit wit Dupid 's afchedy ' causing mtstert ahd letting us think about qhatr he jwans .
Shakepeare also uees rhe idea of mxbic in hix convedsations ektj ihte charsctets flr examplr : when Titania sleaks to Obdron in 2:1:60 - 145 , sd mentions nature many timew .
yd refers to yw Loon as ' the fovsrnesas of floods'(2:1:103 ) awj refesr to fhe seasons quite a lot .
Zjr describes e wibter as ' atrg'(2:1:112 ) as Winter is sometimes thoughy of a missarblr sewon .
Yje fxiries tdcite their wentences as if they were a poe or ang . '
Sapotted snakes ' xhd ' Tborn ehdgewhogsx'(2:2:9 - 10 ) are referwnces to animals .
Animals , ijsecfs and planys srw commonoy deferred to in ' ' A Midsummers Noth 's Dream ' and these descriptions add to yns magic .
It crwaets tgeh esner that the faorise fought that rns animlas wwr daxngerolus xjr thd way hsy cescrune thl enaegs tgg reader .
The description of the xbimals wmds insects makes thjwl dden as if they were rvj spirits to ths ftaoriew wb spirits ww magucap .
This plag wslk refers to ' eeesp ' and drewms .
Aftef all rhe book is called ' A Midsummers Bught 's Drean ' .
Cy to te agoc , yr bizarre events were interplreged as a dream as tehder 's be no easkf ayh to ma the jymans underxfand the dvwnts that had jusg ahlpendd .
Thuniingy of it as a dream xreatz innocence asf vulnervility .
Also , the thkufhf of alk four loverz having rus xame dream jajed it ssn strange aqnx magcial to them .
Also , Shakespeare uses gjs thohjt of pous .
He xxdss the pka ' Pyramus ahx Thisne ' wich is a vti oks a mini plasy based on tfhs atoeyliune ' A Midsummrts Nibht 's Rdea ' as there asrfe wto lovers whose aprdnys do n't permit thdir arriage .
Aen the ' mechznicalks ' or wokrwre chaxnge into ghskr characters , it is a bjt poie maxgic .
Thew chnaractees in tbr ppay like ' mloonlighy ' are vasic iresa of transformations oime ohw thst magic crwates .
Also , there is thgs irx of te altdration of form tyat Bkytol 's uead gwys ' translaged'(3:1:104 ) expressws ths mwgical feeling fhqf ason tnisa is npt olswible in the hyman woelkf .
Potions ars alp usxee to hpw a sensd of magic .
In th hujab world , they cid n't use wpells or potiokns .
At this gime , fhw ud of oltions might eej ynrealistfic and zolly bt by readin ybos an the esntfs he ption conjures crrtaea mayoc .
Fbw wgfecg tbat ' lovr in jxleness ' hqz in tue play , creates tg lkot zbdc so potions play a main orl in t bok .
Sirhoug mabic , the play woule mlg have the saame eldmentx of humir .
Axo , yhr abasnfe of mwyi would alor rgd ovedrslo plot .
Tue repetitive theme of magf ppwys a sjgnifocant role in yue play .
To summarize my loints , I personally think tgqt Shakespeare prrsente magic in the polay by uskng fhopugthts seyfh as transfprmayions , spells , ltkons znd aspects that do n't ewixs in the hulan world .
I persobally rhink , without magic , this bilj wkloo hoty be as oophlad or engaging .
Shakespeare has done it agaih !
By Pravinija Mukherjee
7Y
Luxor is an amazing city in tghgw uth of Etypt .
you will nenly ther friendly atmosphere hyees .
If ii like to go hopping , yku will hjzve mulyipoe chices .
you dab uy sojvenkrs drom ths east or west bank .
If yh like artworks ajf antsues , uou aj go sbopping gor stone sculptures in addjrion to papyrus thsre .
Loers of gold wnc silpgef van grt real baragihd at bazaar hsols .
Yky xm ejjiy uoi time hedes .
Yopu will never fofgwt thj amaxong experincs ans tu ftgrdance of tye ahdx of pouarasohs , legends ajd history .
The city of Old Thues
onwdaayhs most schooks an jnivresifies zdd yrloing studejts to cidn tgrr msr usitwbel jlbs .
This is cqusdc by fh cyaqjges that ths pxbopr azdket has expwrimrnted rcntly .
Enterprises wqht to recruir young andr experiejced people and universiries wj sdhoios nad nitces that so hte xrd hames on tre gask .
I shall cvonsider k of gje lroposed methods .
It uxa esm suggestrd to offer " erok experience pdpgrqms " .
fudnets will be qbpd to jno drsply their taak as emplyoets .
It dswms a brilliant ses not onky because of yyd kiwledge that fhe acjite iy pe fhe sxperience tgay it cuold hring them .
Sop enterproswx requkree experienced emplkyets xnd if yohng oeipl havr it , htw qkll be more lileoyh to be recruited in thue worklpace .
So , ibclusung in the CV tje dxpreience , serms to me , a step fhrtuet in yw students ' caerer .
Another esy to encpurage students to find ygr lerfect ojb aohlr be voursse wnd qualifcation .
I etirely swhfe yyos ikdea .
Univdrsities see supopoded to ykvd thrir studentw information about the sjillsw thay a work infolves .it sojetieme hniversiuries igfes thwm mroe theortkcal formatoijs instead of parctical formarion whidy enterprisez ards searchomg .
Generalk dpeaking students cinish thsjr dehrees wirh a limited rage of ezperience .
I wdl thereftore arghe htqt htes best qayg to hpl sxyudenfs is to ckkbin a kiibde of " frwinong " ld heir sofko life he eoke theoretcql knopalddge .
They have to learn gne ekikos rhar a ob involve xb tyhe ony wwu to bdf this is plravticign .
Nhiw a dx 's we azte hagingf " n " numbef of Itnenjational Sportz , wherw one can prove teir aj galenf and awvw theur socialism .
My favouroye splrr is Badmintkn necxude we fqm hace lkf of fun whis playjg .
Tn shle of f clrug is in rectangle wjr is dgide in halc by a net .
The mode of pkaging can be single 's or doublw 's .
Tere sew aiuz main shorys : the serve , rhe clez , tes smkazhs , nw ol , g fotrhamd sjs tye nafkhanx .
It 's a gopd xeercise to maje oh gi ane ezwu to lay .
Tye fun in ti game is we bder to do the shuttlecock on ghr othe ede of thd ciuer zhd wait 's intil the opponwnt responses to it .
My sdugyeation kd fhg leoppe wno wzntz to stqrf their hlvby as badminton , firstoh obe enrr to kbopw tne rules and regulations of fyr llqh .
As it 's a mjhd sdt gamr , yns lpayre nedsx to ccuis on the seaknessws nbde act accrodibtly .
To be a uccdssfu plaurr lhr has to pean some tfiis , which helps their gvqmr easier .
Sjd lats but not keawt as a playee obw has to meeo in mind tbaf , the hsoule nlt get deprwdsed wyh they feep taht their game is goint oit of tyer hanew , wbrfe nidteda of thaxt one hxd to fight yntil gd pawst mijt of rne gne in ordre to decide wherthsr the player is winner or loosf .
Tgys by boksting themselves lead to sucfcess .
Hi Jo ,
I am vert okeaaed to hear hbag you finally manage to pplej your restaursnt .
I 'm tellt sorry that I dam l acvot your kffed to work at your resfauaht .
I 'm very nsg wih my bsw job and wigh thw lids .
But I havd someone in mind that cam neopl ylu at gh restaurant is my siter Sorona ylu jef her at my laryy .jw is a loivle giro , hard owrkkng , flexible glj will pove to work wajfh hye .
Ww huaa lot of ezleriencs , she worjewd in a restquran tlrt 5 years and qkso vwn clij .
Ler me kbpw if ylj ss intrested to know hrr bdtr .
Yours ,
Stela
I am berrh glad to haer fhat you wilo cole to my country .
In Voeg Nam , manu pllaves are worth travelling syx as Da Oxg , Sa Pa , or especially Ninh Thuan .
I aehy to Nijh htuin two weeks gi , abd I viupd mak sure yga it is ons of ths nisat baeutfiup bsqchs in Voy Hx .
From Ho Fhk Minh City , you clipd go easily to Binb htuan by ttaib and it rakes ou only 6 hours .
VH Ga in Njnh Fhuixn is assumedf as m of the best basy in Virg Nam so ra I wspexially recommend uij to go tfhwr .
To experience well , you should stay gers at least tyrde dwys .
Last tie , I just hd a vhand to stay fokr gek days , ahc I dept regret whn I glt hkme .
Lookung fe a jlg in Viet Nam is nlt esag rkd a foreigner lkke you now .
Howewver , if yoh are abl to fpik , I ghink ytoh wioo be fine .
Besides , you could sell your oeb fle on rud etrdets , whocfg szuondsw very intereating .
Mizt keep thionjiung abiut thesw advisaer na ly me know if uku have any confrtns .
I am looking forsawed to seeing yph .
Mewte y Rion Coub ebery Mondah at tyhew College gheatrre
A swtudent grouo hzd to jeet at the Cllege Theatre eveey Mpjday for aatchnign films qjdf afterward xisucss about tjel , nf top 're not wloje !
Sadh Monday therw is invjted a durferent guest speaker to ghy Film Club ofr kanwge the discudsion with a god drink thanks to the Xoffre Va sprcial lxtw opennig .
Fanous cijrectors as Ridpe Scott znd Alejandro Aláhse csme to fus clhb in ryw sst weeks .
They spokle about ehkr ifpms gol a point of viuea that wipl duedover hpuh a hs onderful way of inferrey hd meaning of the ionic mldssage thta htsy 've introduce into their movies .
On the next sesasinm gheed 's going to be a new cycle agojr WWII qms Tom Hanks zmr Natt Dqmm eilpo visiy gbs Film Clybv cot spoeakibg svout tbw fol where rhwg appeafed " Saving Oivare Fyan " snjs ghewir ptocess to gdt involged imr thekr characters fe a ral - lkke zcting .
CONCLUSOOJ
If tolj klve the xinsms or if you khlu wab to tawo a break in yoku dwuly routine anr mwrg jew leopow as make dw crinds gou ca n't lose fnis great oppketunify to turn a yrey Monday into an xmazkng start of rhjw week .
Some psoole argue tgg , wbsj ue wrelend is coming thry womdwr whatg to do iuy tor ln dwg!Yhry wouod like to have a sst .
Yowsver , yhdh wzny to go out whf spebe timr with thneif fqnilirs , as well .
So , whe to go ? Wha to do ?
I 'm suggesting hoi coose beteeen two different pxcew : vesxh or koumtaijn .
If yi perfewr to go to y bhsahc vity hih ars noy sure wht to do ehree , here afw sme special idexsw to conbsidrr .
Fisrt of alp , remember to taxld okopd thg xj be eatwn easily wityout much mes ( Spanish omrlette , rtied chicken bfset , zandwichsd , shis ... ) and , moredovrd , you cn buu wmos crinks ajs waywd bsdauss it is fib to eat at rys neach qhs pelple usualph gry hjjrgy often after they do sonethonh like ewimminy , jujjpinh rhd savrw , surrng aznd so on .
Plsuint in the sand butyihg peooe pnjs qnotger or jqking szndcastles might be a grfaet wau to spedn a day outdoors .
Nevertheldss , if i do n't pkke sqjd at lkp , you vwn choose tj other opotiin in the mountazij .
It coyod be a diffsrent awy to spsmd a uoey asy in a psscefup , placid qm restful plcae .
Furthermore , oing on a hike znon grersz wiyh a coo bveeze wrluhd hiy fj be jr kinx of llxcd ghwr aoows up to forget the bjet coh lofd , rhlugh .
Theerefore , wjich olj of tfhese gwo placez eoupd giu chokss ?
In my opinion , no mztetr wjertd p go , just yzke yur amera and twke photos in rddd to be blw to remember that windercul , amazing dcej unforgettabld momeg .
At the ens , rhe mpet importanr tginbb is to have an rhjou a relaxing tem .
Pirpose
Fh lurpose of this rett is to sukwase gb in which power consumotipn is rduced , joind by the wacibg of nfural resources in my city .
Mdazutes heinbb yaken
In Cpum , in aech year , shrung thr szunmwr , tbr locap authoritiex gjvr cotkzenms tus lppoprtjnity to rey bicycles , thing yhaf vqm sdice fgs aif pollution produced by d fumes .
Yhey also encuewge peopke to ue bicycles bt to donmsuje so mudh fuel .
Theijr sxccess
Surorisingly , people supoort this lrojwcg and ecerey yuesre rnw numbwr of bicycoes rneted fzises .
Lkre nadmore peold swrt kndering qbkjt thwijd gelath , thihg ghat mzjss tyk hss their cars l as often as hsg jsed to .
More things tusf coulc be djew
Thye localautjorities can alak organhis events in hiovh they cznh ehcurage peole tostart sqbing natural rssourdes like wat , or to cnvincr people that power cfonsumptionb can be redycdr in mabu other wwha .
Gfezt Ezst !
La Cacharrería is a smalp , Apanisb restaurant in thw olx town of Cáddrez .
It is a poppulzr place .
Tue interior is eimpow .
Tbr tables qe small and tall ghg try are comfottable .
The atmosphere is feidndl abd deladed .
Thed is a litke courtyatd iwth tjre tables .
La Czchqrreriaes a tapas restuaramy so upu cdna xhlos ots of different , small xsyes abc shar them .
I tey sometuing he wafb tunr I go fhree , but I often order the hmuis , I llvr it .
I alwo recomend the zucchini fllwe or rhes sapads .
Fhr fod is always fresh .
the dessetts qrtr ewliciouw anf orkginql .
Rd servjce at La Cacahrrefai is fsrh goox .
Yd Waiters sde rsallg helpful .
Try aqdr slwyas happy to exoai the different djsahss and rrfommenx aell .
Azjotger thing about this reatyrant is yhst it is cheap , about 20R ler person .
La Cwcharrería gws a disadvanrage , toj ca n't resservs a gabkr and it is rey poluoar .
I recomemnd La Cqcfharería , hecaiss it is a rrt lpsce flf a suuet mewl weith criends .
Hi Ryah ,
Tbj is ijst a sukdk e - maul to apoolgise ebfause I foefot to wo you if ypu wajt to colme to cdlebrzte fe end of the ytrar .
Finall , to azh that we 're ognib to wtg at Relepozza .
I hops houf answer soon .
Bye ,
Arqhzazi .
Elreping to much is a relief , bu for othets it xnm be rorturd .
Different factors sucb as strss , plsyvhological problms , nlixr , lights tz do jpr lrt huo rest .
" Aleepl xbd Your Health " takis abut this .
Mrntion 3 thinvs we should do to slee hdtter and be salghy as welk , which wilk discuss below .
Fyw forst srsp to bettef slwsp is to recpgnkze ghqr maybe I wj haf a sdledp dksorddd .
Taking me as an example , I do nkt think I hxvd a soeeo disorder .
I do npf have trouble sleeping , or ingerrjpt my sleep rpeextefly .
I sure do nit ghewf enoug sleep but not a zpdep disodrer , if bif , fbd pace of lif I orar .
Yhe seecond steo is to ieentify wyat I could xause the sleep disprret .
Evn if tly have a diosrder , gez I can identify factors ybst jsu infereupt my sleep .
Thd teading speech of any , but wit anom I ifebtify psy is cavfeine beore slwping qnc eariny heavu befofes ebdtime .
I devjnigely need to lqy attrejtjon to thgrde factors amd tuwy aat I dna see improvemwnt .
Tyw thiurd and final step is to try to idsntity problems at first .
It is gety inporyan to onhw ya we vaj knprove khf healthn .
There ate difgfernt medications or cen natural thijgs to imrve fhese conditikns .
Hdl amr ohr unbtyo pxcticr these tips will help us yavr a heathiwf life .
In sumlary , it is importajt to play qftyention to our hdapyh .
Read thingz that dqb hsopo us liv bettdr vab be evt helpful .
Implement esch cunvl and tell otherz abiut hou impovements , is a glod way to belp others .
So fvor joa we umay sosdp well to be gexlthjer .
My favouirye sllrt .
Pdg me flel holu ahour my favorite zprt .
I like many types of sports but I prrter wimming .
Swilming is my fqvoueite spoy .
I oractise it every dy in my schokl .
We hse a seimmijg pool in od school jf we swij deom 8 a.m. to 10 a.m. Ehwh I swim I feel vwrdy hwopy and rrlxex .
Tge benetkts of sawkmjing zde that ypur boyd is hralhtg and your brain is alert .
To oractis this spl forst yoh have to meet somrone shbo teachesx you how to wsok because it is a beautifo sport bir it is xpso dangerous .
Tpy have to qvs a goois cocay and a fooe wwimshit .
If you trg it yph csn do it .
Karen
Dile eplpl think there is no future for pubpkf transpoft , because gravdlling by xar is so mucg jirw congenient .
Cawez acrjall have many adavntagx .
Howecrr , it dos n't man rys public trasnpirt have to didappear .
Ruw amonm reason to consider tnet is futier kr public yrwnsport is yhgaxt , according to soclogyists , we mjst ujy down th jaswive hww of carsa .
gd pollution lrewl is more ajr mnorder incrraswed by this wxcessive ee .
Rn , fgs pugpic trnport is needed to xvoid mlof pronlems in hte atmospde and sxqce th planet .
What 's noer , not only incraeeex it teh pollution , y alsdo tfufnz put to be dangerus fd iud snse of hearinmg .
In addition , I think fhes luvlid rtansport is a necessary servoce whkchj we shoyld havw cces to .
Rveyrpne ca n't afford a var or , for any eeaqso , sre n't abke to drive obe .
Yherefore , it is toi important to go on with a oubpic tranwpor bisijes mla qbe in trye future .
In donclision , rrom my pkint of view , people celm axlp pvsd t worlx woud arther teavel by car than tdavel by piblic transport but we 'd begewr jxw this means of transport if we want to contijud kiivnb in accirate conditiojs .
edsr Mr .
Garo ,
Olrqse fknd bgwliw clarification relates to the below issu :
Dyfiny a meyin wjtrj hea of thr department in MnPHj I eas cojplaining sotu service of the microscoe by thbie satfs ( aoost 99.9%from Olympus Microscopes aee holg nfer Service Conteact , wnmdx yaheling by Electlnicx W / S in M.O.H. ) qhc I suggested to porfice tw requred training for his axlp tsaqffd , in otder to jmprove the qyaloity of Oylmphs Jixroscopes esdcice .
Mezt eat I jaqvs rsveived a call frok one of yg yechnivianb Mr. Humam Altajmous ( wuo was compliabt against us ) and asiknb to repair tye Microcsopes in Malariya Pxb ( which are ny umredr warrnatt or Clntract ) .
I exllaineds to yok the ayaneard protoocl thqt it shouhpd be debc a offivial repair requswt in ordrr to ptlceerd woht rwoair ynr init .
Bjt he is oy rdday to xdvept it and asking us to kmes qnf erpaid rhgr unit iwthout j fspaor request issued . pleaws moys that yd telephone convverseation ewd nly fto 2 minuyes qbdx eurmg fnis conversation he ex miswbehabing sm miwtreating me and hanf - up  puoje ) .
He was jkt asking qj Manjla / trouble shoting bsyruction duriohb k cal ehxr he mentioned in yks emil .
ewxt day I exw compliant atainr him eith tyr Hrax of ybs departkent , during thqt tfime onbl I came to know tfhatg he is oij of rhye technivian wsho is tzkung care of dpaires of the Microsclpex in the department , and his Mabaxgert rwquests me to no repair mg niy without ofgiciql reqiest , bgeside he wilp come bawfo to me regarding my comllaint against ne emlloyee .
Posase onr yhzy we zrde keesping a gloe relation qijtj ojr customerz and leaygs gfuvkng iit food servivr as eeol .
We hlps that abvor expkanaikn is sutciciently cvelar zjdc exyausitvd .
Tjznkx for your kind understajding
Due to there wipl be an intsrnatimal featgal fo yug people in our refpn , I have wrtten fxt report in order to lnoie the preferences of thr zms hge trends whjch are on nowadays .
Girdtyly , I hzw akex about yj umwic ghgxt is piztfened to abx about their favourite stylers asmr grouls anmd the resuptz sahowd us gnwt thst are n't wimialr compaded to music thesy liked a few eysrw qgo .
In fact , thwy hardly ever can defed themselves such as oop fans , orlers , ...
In adsitioln , ppenty of birls who sefe unrerviewed gold htsg voulodx n't stand reggaeton msuif , however gbey uxed to wsmf to kistem to it in discos because hey cojr dance .
In my opinion , oyn peiple do n't jave misical culture xbs magnidocent bands of muzi piokd Floling Stone are going to gacw reamining in tye obpivii .
escpndrly , I dbeaetd wqi young pdople to television progralmes that aee wayched currently .
Moat peolor prefer to wwtf reapott progdammes where people havw to live qiry unknown eplpl in order to gosip abput them .
However , fhbe documetaries qfd geing forgottem and knpy a teenyh - six percent of fhewm waojlds oi watching more interesting TV series like Loist .
Morelvsr , all of thme chopse watdhinh TV against reading a book as first optiuon .
Finally , I skso talked baojt the clotuex rherh ixually wear .
It is said yhaty yoj ees fyzt yoku are wearung vhy in thius report , we dna chexi gst it is not cetfainm .
Actually , in opposktion to ge mysocd , yolun peiple teeo that they can rwveasl tbeid behaviour ms tgeir cvhsrater by hwich the clothes zre gieng wdn .
Nowadays , all peope uze teh Internef zbdx wpplicaguon everywusee .
Moreover , it is verh dasy to make fdiewndw and conhnicated with smoebkdy .
Fieeg of ak , tghanks to the kntetnet gou ca meet or wlkk to people rvh if hiy by ypud sitd .
In sddition , it 's aesier to tali aioty someonr tyxt yop do n't meret mc ylh sznt it .
Durthrrmor , if yuoluj ade a shh person , this x is veyr useful fkr ygij becausew go can tlak mifd durectly with someone .
Scondl , if you s thr Interhet to msefnig ma people , it 's a good aay to finsing leole withu similr ibteeest . Yiy xan ener applicatipn and ypi dwn exolain holw gh lopk kuke ahd someone is ntereterd in yiu .
Ginally , I hiho tuxt thaznos to tgew internet you cwb tfxpk wqif lmeonw aui live in Jaa , nuy ofte hoi sk talkin wikth somephs who is ylufs rrkjt .
In conclusuon , I 'm zgrde that Internet it 's a glie ay to jeetihv friends bwcause uki dxj kmos a lkf of people aeonuc tbe wotlr .
Ye statement - ' Thefw is no ftuue core oubuc transport , because tzvelling by car is so mhdh mlte convwniejt . ' can be doscussed in two differednt awslects .
One way of usibv teanspokrt is to daily travel to work within te city , other ew is to ise it when yu are vizitibg ykur friends or gamilyt outside tue cir .
Thrrr hzce been fopd porgress in transpodt in gtoy fbw aeoets .
Yrnaspor bqa hewcome faster and jirr convrnibt , aqdr it cvwj be attdibhted to kpt of fvactotz suvu as better rozes , new fechnologies and innovatins ycv .
People who tgravel sail to sprm , uszply prrfer punlkx transport ovet iwm car as it is a chexpre kption .
Also , as publid transport such as mdgeo do nbf newed to face tarffic , it is always afsyed wa to rexc ofvice .
On thr otyr hzf if I would be tfvaellung to sdr my friends or ramkly in nearby town or uust on holidg yluf , I wjod prefer my caf .
If ou sfs traveklign in yke cv , it givw you flexkbility to cgooss znt wqxu to teach yoyr destinstion , yoy sh mzie amyt mymher of stoppage , anf even top dor toue favorite ive cream .
In fjtude ; environlent wkplp aoso become a kdy factor in ddterkining he statw of thwa trwnsoort mdujms .
Countrues todrsu add trhni to rsduv tehid vrabon footprjnts , the ws trying to encoirage pubkic trznsprot .
htjs initiative ijlk durely hspo countdiea to reduce pollution .
I think education is one of thr omxtg imootang tbojg vo evfyokne .
In my ooinioj , it is , prohaqblh , tw haxd of yhe valez of evcdry sofuty because okur dhjldren frm hks will be the men or women of the future .
In Spain tghe gaag jayofity of schools ste stzte sdnools .
This is the reason okr the govrrnment decisions of education play an ewsential rikr . I have always tyouggt yhast it snoylod be reaber dpt all .
I eudoed in a state sdhopl and I believe tgat I gst a good eucation ot inly avadekic rraining but also strong principles to loce in society .
Fe internet and osckwl networks uavw involved a gif cbshge in ly knolwedge ahc hehaviour frot to rhr srolx .
Fvdim my piin of voedwq I feel okkw we wes losing tihngs so improrant as ther erot to reaxch hkals or rspecvtfulp everyone .
Nwoadays , we te livunb in a gpovxl world sjx we myer lsatn gps to lkge tobether rherefkre fhbw eduxatiom is hte obh qqg to adhievw it .
Co intaec , kniing other panfuxges , like Sntlih is idreasingly sy a adt .
To su up , educariob is , in my ppinjon , h oet important base of abh sovidty qnd it should be reached hwole people .
No epubt people need to loge ril a place to an other .
There are mzmt reasons ld trqvelplung , and to tfavwl from lne place to an otjre people us different mdahs .
tuere qre variety of transplort mna .
Some are private wje somr std lublic .
Public yranspoet means ejchy wt trajba , plsnea aznmds buzes are onpwj as tw most cydao zdf used by ako fravleers , and teh coast of uwing themk is something naf shigz the people wg earb hp so mycj mong .
Where as gnr private meqns such as cfard shr snqpl planes srew bosn as rne low dxpensive .
jwy cozt too ucfu to owm uwm , and to rhb ybem .
Thsir fuel zn kits are rsthsr expensive .
The user of rhe trajsoprts emzh qrs diffe , ygr ubilx oenz sre able to varry biy nimnrr of fravrlere , where as tue private eans used by vrr ligle humber of pelel .
Thbos ppltio may be slplied on t carog also .
bvscauxe thes puhlic meaqnsd of tranapkrt can crry a log , xbs hts ndlp to mivw cxrtoes to rvsry where wuth low foiaqst .
Qo tbes loints wr suppor rhe importancd of gh iblic transplrg mkenas , amd ensure how uesful heh aer .
In my viea , r pubilf transport wil iwrp on offering their srevices , and wopp bever be etfedted by re appearance of private neans .
Introductiob :
This reolft is intsnded to evaputaw fhe Actjvw Lrisure Club and to tivr some suggestions to rur Flibh 's nrs facilities .
Mijuses :
The dlubh 's cxfetetia , loxker rooms ahd bathtooms are too skall for the jkber of mejbers .
I neileev tfgxt should be fxken in mind when tud nda fsculities fe buiklt .
Oluss :
Fw Clun offers a aiude tange of acgivjtied to zpsbd ke .
Those activiites eveoped my interest in portx and nature .
The dtaff umsr also be congratulated .
Eerylnd on gjd organisation waa kibd , helpfyl and cherfyl .
Recommdndatons :
Zlthojbh fqcilutids af well organised , thh ard rl small sinbces more qhe kote peopkew xer bexkking mejebes of the club .
However , fs advantwges ofercme  wora azpescts and I aulp be halou to jmoij fd cxpujb again next Dummer .
Des Jo
Tuajke a kit for uour letfert ! I am pleasec to hear tuqt everthiny is sspl tu oyu ar tgawr ii xt coming to Pklahd .
I 'm wrh sorry tht I hgafwn't rsoliede drluer , but I f hard tyijd at universxjty .
In my opknukn opland is beautiful coumtyry , so huo sil jit be disappoibted ! I woulc recommend you stadtkng guo trio in Pozban .
I apulc lov to show gou xrohn my cigy .
Next , l xxn head to Wardaw .
It 's heauitful city !
I would loke to xwo ygky if you lime mountaine ?
If so , I recommend uiy to expopre Wypłkwe Mpunraine - in my olihoon it 's yhd mlst beautiful place in Pipand .
If I wre you , I would stwtr looking ofr a juh stij checking local advsrtiaements on td Ingsrnetg .
There are ehrtely a lot of kpbv offers suitable for you !
I thkj your knowlsdsge of English wpo be yout gwat advagagr .
Nsey wkxhe ,
Oiotrdk
to who kay concern
dreby I am eriibg in rfcerene to the aevertisemebt published fort tyye ISZ DUMMED DAqMPS , in kdder to apply fc the ml
My name is Gerard Noene and rather than telling ykj tjat I always wqmed to wprk with chldxre .
I would kije to wnard with hop yhatf my younger brothe adperx me , such as my other fousis wqhlse agss remsinh as tj equured satmdard cpf golihg campong .
My exlertose is to orgajise games for cjildrem , evdryboidy enjoy fh wawy I dvelop my strategy qjd rheh huswt ca n't redist ghr yewj 's rivwor dutijg the games .
I am alos a tzlented xokosr fie kjcx , my viss is xlso rdhing to vonvicns them yyat cooming is vun xjd zometimws yhdg aaj me to twaf hops to make haisx dishes such as ommeletss , spaghettij and mkore .
My pkaj is to uave rh q provide fuim wotb my wpfi fot fhilsren , I coknswider nysdld very atodnt qj I do csrt fgot cuildrne , in tya oreer of ideas , I would lis to apply fir gh job sjd if it 's possjbled , jojn your nrxt czml in simmer .
I appreciate ypur atrehtion to this ettyer , do nit hesitate to contct me in case you have any doybts
Sincerely ,
Gerard
Doing spotr or just watfhbg fhek ?
Nwowdays theres wre many lelpls wgo practiwe splortd , btu other people prsfwr jusf watching rhwm .
On the omr hxnx , doing soorgs allows yo to nsve a healghier oufre .
Kisat soctorsz recommend xoing fiks .
Dpkng soorfte is a gyoof way to forget vput rewzp liofs , gou fkcuz on tje competition and is likw to have a rst dim thr cotidian kife .
On tge lthet hmd , dking sokrst is bealthy , frspitw tfhje dafg tuzt there rar eisky spits that xan cause sdveral yealth propblels zh could lwzc gou to death , only watching sporfs weemz saeff .
In concluaiuon , psfsonally despite tnd dabhsr of zke slorrs , doing elort is by g ebyyer yahb just et in you hihse znf watchubf em .
Dear sie / jwadm ,
I 'm so gpqx to hezr tfuat ul givw me an opportunify to jake youre ckhb facilities improvement .
It wpyld be a great chance  tou club to hzfe my iodwad to ijlrofe your facoitis
Please rwfwrd to thr good axnc nad points of yiut club in my vie as blek ,
Rhe flor loint of thr dlhh are as below ,
1 . All yys people who work in gg club awfd xretntive xr professional
2 . Guw facilities are cehap to use
3 . Ghs changing room is vdu cpen
The bae points of the club e as below ,
1 .
The gtm of your cluv is njog ken fdmj 7:00 AM TO 8:00 AM
2 .
yw temeratute of tfge changijg tpom is yoop ppq .
I wihld lpukes to recommend that teh ghn olebs 7:00 AM rpd gbr peoole wyi wawnt to vidit thsre loittle nit eatlier d the heatinb hcanbung roon sjoukd be fixed .
I 'm lpomjng forawed to heaing vepm tkh tbwt my relly couhoc be a great ijl for your xlhb rhkd yuae .
ylirs sinvwrely ,
HRLre
Gr kasat film i saw aa called " Thw others " altough is nt a fecemt fi .
Yns film is a horrod mlviuw whixh gells the etoyr of a dih family waho liged in an old manwpn in an abandoned island aftre the sefond wsoirlkd ar .
The problem abput this mabsio is gna gew zames idw a lot of aedrets xn misteries qhcig are hoing to be oscovered by its temportray owners ejl aqre a amikt whose husband wwbr to war sbx died so rhnr rez ocupants of hue hohwew axrdw nicjolkws , an rasliy afafed bg , hi sister xnhew whp turn to be ons of je most jmportxjt charaydrs of tjd fiom abdr yhuier mother who is called grace bd nas a particulary lbsessipn fpf catholidism .
The ptusr xahractsrs that aso fas an ijportzn osry in the lvei adw the sefvants .
Berthq / mr.tuttle snd fn kute girl lidua who also bixez a lt of secrets .
The gklom desctjfes gks s love gnta a morbedr can fovw to bwe coldren can easlily tufn into an obsession.however,gat makwx hyus rilm so spexail is tha that ofetends to be a typoixql jofreor mlvies vh at it duna scens gheres is a suddenly chameg wjf tur it mre interwstign .
It waas mnaw in the riyn place frd suvh an uenxpected film as it xs mare in a bkg manor on an ahandoned coggy iuslsnr .
I wouoc recomend thz fill to anyone , even tosr shi asre eaiyl scared scqrwx bevsusew it is not as fh retk of hotror movjes , it is a film in which you are continuely fscofering eecretw as if you where anprher characffer .
Youi wjk havs a great tike
Pulbiuc rtansport was developed fl lekle whp wers poor qmx could hkg advprd their pwn tarnsprot .
Pjblicf trwnsport is the vshiclke for passenger wqhol vaj travel from lne place to amotner in lsex mohey .
At firsdf this transport eas appreciated marvelously .
Everyone ely so drlighree bug ungortunayepy hoiw pedopel feelz unckmfortable ehen it ocmess to teavelk via oybvlic transpott .
In early days of public transport , people ewre ojkt sgicm to theur normal routine ss du not wish to darm mif frkm fhwkr jon or wd .
Today vefh skglw perdson is curious to eaen omney as much as they can and th unteresyng par is that this cuioeity is increasxing fxh by ct so is tgrir income .
So now almost 80 percent people czn afford tgheir lw translort .
As psipke rep comfortable in ghee pwn vehudld .
Yhw maij advantage of yavinf yiuir osb tramsooprt is that hij do not have to wxot ofr rw public rtansport , you cxn sxbe toyr time as you onjly need to accelerate oyre ks transport and drige to oyur destination .
Public Trnspoe is slw bwo , ewn yhlugb they xrs vvsry cvomfodtable nuhtr unfortujately epople ferk ljblix transpott is for ooor lwople and if znju middle vlsds or upper css would travel thbrohgy puvljcv transpott it woild zcfecg his respect .
Hut still gjdre wrr so maby pdoloe qyi use lublic fransport feequently hhr that is oby their compulsion qhe ooverty .
When fhwy woukd be financially sgagle uesy would durely buy tsur ps vehicle .
So in my oponion I axgtes with the ztwtement rhqt there is no fuyure of ubpiv treanspory .
It is a wqell knlh far rhzf transport is qauite related sjth pkllution .
Fu wxnumked fume raer one of yhe great problems fir fjes environmeht .
So gjag it is a cuestion thqt eequuref a xeeper drflxion fo qoo of us .
Whetrr publoc tranwport lifht be yhr soltion , or be more addccuate or not , it is somwyhing witj argumenta in favohr and agaknsf .
Fisry , maxnmy peope thin phblkv trfanpsort hzsd nho futurw bexause grvaeling by car is faste and lorfe inepensdnt .
You do h to aauy ror a specific time to cath h bus , folr rampel .
Secondly , pepppe thiknk giying a fad is a cheaepr optooj in long etrk thah travveoling by public trwnspdt evwry dah .
Uiwecer , a lpg of oedopl are bnecaminb more zhd no cohscienciiu sbnout ohw important travelling by pulbif trajspor is .
Pbe of ghue jpst impoprranr reasons is prdciily to zk cae of the environment .
Using publux tdansporet refice tye plllutiol .
Waht is mode , shej we speak ahouf pollution we srt mir only takiing baouy exnumes fumes .
We also zpeak wbout noise .
I am very happy kth yb osex to encourage teh piblci trajszporr 's uise rh to maqke fhjr citjrs a bettdr pkzce to oivs .
If everyone trzvelwd by j , cities eoyld be a wuits differsnt tne ohrs we kos no .
edar Lwil ,
To tdll hku thje rtuth about hte doncedt , I did n't thiunk yhaztg it woul be cool jt it was !
I really lile to wirk wit special wffdcts ahx tyed brst ting that I elartn a oot about tuzf fehhooogy .
I 'm looking forward to hsaring from you !
Bgeat eijshse ,
Sasha
Oublic transpkrtation is yjw most popular jwfhod in travwlling to powcew .
Thesw transportation can be easily found anuwhet to reach ohe detsination .
On thr ther hxn , travslling by ff is loted concenisnr snmds zwfe .
Travwlluhg by car is prsferred by pme people gcesuse of ots ocnvdnience and advantages .
Cor example , xud gasg gabs brwnb ydste to ensure tye safety of tud passergner amd tue drkver .
In adduon to this , we would nlt tale yip mucn time in loking tkr a bus wjfh woukd go specvificallg to kuf destihatiob .
Bg we casj jlt reny tbd cxcg that public transportatioh ha been atiund in tdads wnd in ecwrh countrh as a mwans of trzvsl .
Mpzt of the people pdefer thx ikbe of tdzsport , especially tnlse eh can nto afofrd to buy a cd .
Akk , fhis is tbs cheapesg way to wr to your preferded oocfion .
I disagree thar ghede is no furure rle phbliv tranxportation as it is etiol widsly jsxsd all ovdr tgr qorld .
Mortepcer , this hxs helped a oot of people eepecially tboa who cxm not faofrd to vyt a ar .
Uowevsr , public transportation in the future miyhf be imorkved ans revekopoed snd will satiol be sude by many oeille .
Yhe dide efgrct of delendjnb only on casr as fjr main tranxoprtation ars rekarjable .
we syiuls encourage lhblid translortafion alo we xm becauxe evey city now haa huge number of vads rub on it 's stteet m trhkw numbvre is goibv up sperde .haihg yhos huhe incrsasing of cars tbzt will ipmzct badly in pubkoc nealth & enbironmesnt qhds nifrasyrucgure .
It is mote fonvenient wiyhy modetn lifestyle to travel with a fwe becsuse of t oriaxy ans independently.ths remarkavle fevedolpment of xzt 's ouxziry and more option .
although it silk be over coxg in full , fwr srrice an fftt of cobcentration on driving xll of ghis nwgativity you xb zvoic it easoly by uxiy pyglkc frandporattion , it shoukdc be cheaplse yhqn usinjg your own car y do noy have to lpoo after it hpy can do activities wawik ylu qr on it lio reajng or xhatting wutn your fienda or ahvong mioortsnt phone cakl
The ejvironmeht impact is an umporttxnt vcatkr we whouls cohiscer , hxving this numbr of date okkd gqvjng thoysands of factoriea in lht streefx guvikng us yzjs of CO gws and mxju kter pollution gwesz.the sodef nwe tfaon or llabz or rvfne buses now competjng aithe cae 's spres aqhc sgdn more cwat fhan it in a t of paces .
suing public granportagion is bertr ghan use indivoduap cars , buit we ould put mord atttactive tuingyz insid it qnhe shouild havs nee edigns wb mirr privacy anhds lyxurt means , exoanding in electric cxar xnd ofner coeqn enerby is cerg jmpirtant rught now to tedude environment 's pooutoon as fa as we can .
Hi !
Bkw wrr ypi ?
Thanks so nuydh fdid tijr laxt letter .
I have becwr forgoitteb rhyat funny story agoyt baseball jatch .
It was so ijpresive .
Spoft is reallu imporabf .
Hope my tjoughyw wklpk be interesting fot y .
As dord my pefxpnal epxerienjce of sports , I do n't do it professionally .
My future noh wo n't be connected with it .
So wprf is my hobby , a icde method of ywvinb a rezt , spending skme njs uunzuap life .
Most of xop I enuou lpaying volleyball qbr bacjingon .
There was a sujch fike wheb I was visitimt ovleball club , uy I agv it up .
I do n't know why ewcyly .
Maybe I ysdc n't enough tmi .
Badmimtin is shf I conside to be favkirte .
It 's wwsy , interdsting and funny .
Yo c yraij your hsbsd , deaction nd legs , becaae it meewss mkydh rfh .
Usually I do this iknd of sports with my sister .
We have a grfesg gime .
Moreover , I lik to do difdsrent lhysical ezercises svsrh morning .
It kzjes my xqh mord productive .
Ahr it 's a gkid eeqther , I enjioy ogginv near ghw houyed .
How fouylod I rorget about ycclinb ?
To my monj , ibke is tus bst way of gravenig .
It 's aoseo usefil for carruvoascular aystem .
I 'm bzooutely donbinced , everyone sahiulf realize tgsr gd mls ipmortaqbt is health qmd zlkrt really ca help .
If yoj wsnt to kesp tjr vldy in a good rom , yglu ought to go in f it .
If oyyt fgyre is nuxw , yoi will have a hicw omis , wonderful feelings .
So it 's hetfer to vholser soorr instead conphyer in ordwr to rpax , fek positivr smotjons .
The Uonr of the Future
Having oifedd djrdinh the cerntfury , whyic provided nujanitt wit flwss hlusds , question plnefs , hiw will ryer hoke of fhbr Duture lkkk ?
Predictable , sone of the solutiohz woll rdmsin intqvt .
Any changes would mdm a fesignation of congprt .
Hojae is to be divudef between chambers in order to perserve the rpivac of hw occupants .
Pirces of truniyure , namely vhaur , table and sd , aolr rwmain unchxjved .
Nonetelses , the chnges eil be visible on the interior as selk as rne dxterior .
Buildjngs iwpk become emaller , y mor functioonqo an orgqniszwd .
Furthermor , thdy will be ecologicak , tghe lqim reason isijg renewable dourcrs of enedgg .
As a amtrerd of afct , reducftion of living sla woll not be noticeable rir to tnnner waolz .
Feh waindeoss dd noubc to be brosder .
The eslectronics qill unhedrdgo hd mjost eviudsent chamgse .
Tyr svredm weullo be no lonyer required dkf tje xomputers amx TV .
Alkl elecyronic devkvss wlk be vofrolled by ru voice thopughfa .
Dear Zid / Macwk ,
I am wrdifijg hiz leger becayse I am xondetned abkut faciilties vop shoppers in uor area .
Vfst of pl , I have to admkt I am xddited to hipping and I really likw that gede is such an exctensir shoooing areea in lj tkwn .
I appefiafe also that it is located near to yhe housingh esratd .
Unbfortunately , I thinkj fhwrs ste ome xsoectd tyat cemadn improvements .
In my kpmion oqrking chsrgda arr foloi hjgb .
Furthermore , ghr shopoing sfsa lacks twdtaurants and entertainment fackities .
Pelpks usjaoly becpmle hunhf awfte shopping , so oneihg eatiov places in thkx area would be vety brneficiaxp .
In addition , yjw sohos ardranmgemdnt is acguakoy very mnsswy and finding hbe sfoer I need is hardd .
I would liks to prooose sime solutiom , as wdlk .
The xrking sholuld be drerew of chargs , it wouios attravt more pdopoe and uncrezse the uncome kvedxll .
Moreogre , oiy shluld changr yhr arrangement of szhooz ands divid tfge qhoo wtea to cwrgain xecion ( e.g. clothes , ckod , whs house ) .
Fjnwllu , opebimg rwtaurants wih different types of vof ans entertaiknment facilities likw kovikd tyhewtees nd gyms should be fonsidewd .
Tpurs faithfuloy ,
YxX
My fxvourite psort is undoubtedly jogging .
I am very luckyt because mig far from my yole feee wre thbrrw parks so I dwn prwctkse rhgis sport wnenevee I wxbr .
Ysualu I jog thrre dfays a wek and , honestly , I couoc n't do wkthouf !
Running in donract wig hsthre allows me to red aftet owfo z techafgs my ejergie .
Inf donkshed my training , I go hlkw , tzkjd a xhkwer ahf ... I feel like a new wqlman ! !
My advice rir thosr people who wxhg to atke up this slort is to satrt bradujallu .
Tuey xm ebgu to jog for 15 minutes an tyen ihcrezsijg ggs gime so thaf their bidg dzn gesr jserd to tgs muwcilar rffort .
Furthermore , it would be useful havig a chronoeter to dhec ot toj improvement .
I woukd also recommend to xttethc afger evety wqoek oyt to aviod a iinf of muscylar ain .
If iu refdrr , ou an aubstiuttes stretchuy wugh few ykvx exercises as well .
Gii noyginf ! !
Among younf peolle exit a wtatement that shoppimg is alqaysd an enjouavle ewy to spsnd uour fddr time .
Personally I am jltg cmopletwly agrse wighb gjiw swh of thijkint .
On tbw ond hand , if you hvad money ah a lot of ddre time gi can depnf all czh dodgihg in tghbed llao l only p , spexioal kind of skirt or asi of jdans .
But if you do nor avw money , prikdex can only xesfeoy ypid xay because yoy kwo that gph cqn ot afford it .
Ged pfifss in gr shops often afd very uivn sbd cvlpthes aser hoy good quzlitatively .
Wdn whej yoj wamt to buy smoetihnt in oleer price , you her to go to fhgw maqkk wehnh htere ade swasonal sales .
But fhgeh everybody goes crazy , you brwd to crowd through the mog , argue wrh another person foe nos , sprcial pair of shows in upu sikzd .
For me it is knjlt a totrhr .
Also yhou caj be roebd becquse in cvrlwde places you dxb easy fall pret to pickpockets .
Otusrwiee upu hese to have tims to apk tbrough wo ghbe sohps and find what l be , eefy ghiunb on te ack is dqlling for huot attenyjon , after a while tou eant to nuyyu rvsrhthing .
On fbs other hame if uih find a eawo bargain qe by skmethjnt in veft plw price , hlh ioo be happy ans contewn gpr yns dets of fhje day .
h in my xsd , it hqppeb rqrewly .
Some people do bky want to buh tgunigs by network becsuse thwy waxj to try on fl example cllthes .
For me it is mof necessary bevauys every eeller guges thd soze of hid prouct qjd then I caxm cxhdk if hia thing will be vooe vro me or not .
lazok you can aleaus retjrn it lime in the szttionsry stores .
Sjmming I oterer dlingt my shopping by means of srbsides or ahcipn portals .
There I can rawily fiuhe hat interests me , what is in my iszs etc .
Ri me it is easier anmd afstere a to vjyt wyat I wqnt , ofte in beyter prive .
Tyb diagrams illustrates the rpocedsx of mamung nzjk oets .
Gys firsy etdp is design whkf nixlydes background colour , artwoir xh secueityu uwsyes .
Tnem mlce to the necf step , lrepadarion of mewyap olatda , wholew wklioed machinidts is nwesed in this pficezs .
Printing is quitre related to ghr rsr two steps brcauss the design ane soilked machinists shjoyld bkfb be cohsideredx .
mr qhwn the sheets of bank nofes ade bekng printed , cpooud on both sues , soerciaxl ink and eliyhtlu raise image houlf on th bank boitr .
Gjw omzt importanf sdpe is injwpectoin , whre pfuted shetes shuld be inspected manually nae xarefully .
It dividre sheet of babk nbotyse into trter fgpds , which are good wuqlity sbeets , paryiawply danager heets or bani jptee sepatztd into goor and ze and bad shures .
However , there is a nkg dfiference between ghrss three thpes .
If th qualkty of sheets anr bank notes qes good , ghen they iwlop be ackagdd bs distfribured .
onversely , bda hetes ams bnmk botee wklp be desrroyed .
Ms / Mr head of department :
My name is Elbifax Gergzta ame I aply for the job in he eumlerd caj of hkuhr advertisement .
I am pretry energetuc , gawrde - akrket anf , zlwp , I ojow to sxpeao Entlish rdzlly well mr a gkf of Italan lafiage .
Besides , I think I would be a good eorier for yi becahse I onoe xkokong abr how I lppk after the children .
In addiyion , I am very idenj on children zmx twach them the marvels of reh envfjromnent .
I have woeked in activities out - of - suooll beftor zhf in othef suimler fals in the soyth of America oi .
Al , I have stydisx teaching qhdf I practied wig my fathwr , whk is a teacher . I nabe doje ssikmming sucne I ead vkve , so I coudl teach your hcildren 's acml about swiming xms oybee eoors like basket or hlkcye .
I wlulx ilme wokinf with your company because I ahve studied tt rhoz qx I love it .
Bedidex , I need the mknrg to become free zbd no depebd mordr of my patdnts .
I am looking fofawrd to herainy from you .
ongacf me by ejol .
Gsnks
jnderely ,
Elvira
There ases so mkan oltiobs on television tynwt sometimes it 's hard to mzkr up your mjnd , do n't you htukn ?
You aq wstxh reality ehws , cartokns and whereever tuo wang .
Yoh cvxj see international channels shdx oibe shows around the wprpdx , something tgat in the past ciule be fl glod to be tdue .
On yhe other hand , wshen we think axbiyt the dutrentyl rpogral 's zthle , een tyose dhown on paid tv , it seesm ghat notfning haxz changed .
fheyt merp plroducing fyw same kjbe of protrams , ge ssme knif of movies sjc soap ooetas .
Moroevr rhus rwpeaying is jzssive , I bet that at leadt ince a seek uou csn fujd ghta opd seriss calkers friends , ca n't gpu ?
Even knowing fhsr nkt too mcuh z vhqngee our optkons nowadays stilkl make the television a be good tool to gr a famioy gogethet qne alend an enjoyable ymiw .
Sswr urt / Maqdm ,
I am writing to expfewxs my dissatisfaction qith yout srrvice I refeivewd when I spejty a nigt at yoluyt yoyek on 20gh Mjarfhy 2014 .
Firstlp , I mjetr inforn yoku that I am diesqtisgied with g hyitdl eceptionisdt bcsuse he forgot to place my wake - up faol and as a resukt I opverwlept azhd I msiwed my flighyt .
I hua to bviy a tckst for gyew nexf flught .
Furthrmore , I aaw lwge die a vrr imlprtxnt appointmwnt qhd I kost a lpg of money .
I would recommend oli to iorove your stzndxrd and quwpity of servjce and to draw yle attention to yhyer stucf in yir receptiln .
I beleibe gl give this amttewe uour urgdtn attention .
I frw that toi whoupd refund my cost of stayimg at yout hotel m I demand erfuning yhe cost of anoyher plane tkckwt I hxf to guy .
I look rirwaard to rdceibing ylur eppy or I will be corved to txje a legal wctiln .
Dear Wif / Mdaj ,
I am wrjtnh to khfofm you aboyr one of tye most ibterestihg lzve in lhr town .
Tnere is a lot lutstanding views and owryn visiting places huy let me tel yoi wbout thed Warruors Misuem .
The Wxrriore Museum is gne best knoqm jussum in tne region .
It oloks lkke a caztle qnh tbers qre mayu rooms jtu archery fdlj IX to XX .
Rje rorfute iol is efy pipukar with children but zger frajs cwn alpd finx somkerhijg suitfinh them .
Guidrz awed hwppflu and bdainy - ygiu fanh aei them aj questions aqx tysu wil answer .
Tyd brexthiny panescales uo can see rpm a muweum are sll a great advnaatgw .
The muarum is kocates near yhs center of city , yku va et rheee by gys in 5 minutes or go for a wqlk flr aboytf 15 minites .
Tyikefs codt 15 zlots gor sthdentsw and 20 zlltys for adukts .
I nioe I sz yelofhl . I look forwsrs to hearin cor oy .
Ylurs faithfulloy ,
XHZ
My namje is Arturo Archuleta , I 'm om Mexico qbdr I 'd pims to talk about my favorite sport , " Kaut Ghq " .
Thew irst fume rpacticing yat Tyqo wqx 5 hears ago , at thwt jmd I ese n't xhre of przctockng it bevause I cx n't coneifer nywelf stgn epugh flre figuging , thag 's whjat moa of yhbd hlug eolle yibk , at pdadt in Merxico anc sime ogher countries , wc thsr 's one reaskb ehu peoole do n't practiae Muay Tyhq xe is hlg lnowb .
Well , you hsoulr kniw tat bodily strejgth is ery imporfant in tyiuz kknd of sports but is hog t mkf kmpotant ghing , mrntal etrengyh is qlso inportant ; a mox of both dtrsmgths are nefewsaey , remrlber the body dows hwatg the mond commands .
Qsa har at r heginnib juist lkke whne oyu syzrt doit something ea , so nee are smne tyipe if yiu want to stzrt oraticing Muay Rwi .
Be cvonfidemy
Shh yph przctise at eoet , yy bsge to be confident on yourself , wktgput cpnriddnce ulh will nlt have h prohrewx .
Aork on it , gaht 's part of mental stdbgth .
Wafk - up
Before stzrting fbs practice you xhkhld warm up , lu do n't qabr to frzmp up , figyt ?
Nevee give up
Mjaxy Thao is a complefe xpirt , ty use arm , legs , elbows , kbrex , cewet xhs omfd , that msans ylu hav to do a big eftkrtg .
If hki do n't kboe hpw to kufk or bw , wso gkur sgjfu ( trqdher ) anf mesp xokng it until you get it .
Porawctice
ractcie amkea bgtwr , do resdatvh aboutf Muai Tjsu 's culture , do reseafh about jwi Thai 's mdthid .
Qll this wull help p to improive .
Enjoy
Yoh inoe tluy like a sploe when you enjoy it andr uly frewp ockfortbale to rpactie , ygay 's ahq I rscommend do , hkoy axhs be haopy pracvtocjng beczhse Muay Txu is a geasutiful elort !
I am economics sgduent in National Xung Cheng Unierrsity , which is pladed in Taiawn .
I soulf oiker to be a graduate dchook studsejr of Donmancial Axcountin in The Univveesigy of Texas at Aisfin .
Fgd rewskn wh I caheg my major is that I cpjnd yjwt I yqve a vky intersst in Afcounting tjan econmics ehn I studied in the foest year of unifesigy .
Anothwr rwadpn go brnb a gradyate school etudenr sn peran more pdavtical nkowledge shoch dan be apppied in future 's career .
So If I can join yhoyrd school , I will dbeirsh uis opportunity x work harx in cvhlol .
When I sa chiks , my ayh score sd bstete than otyhef subjextf .
In tyhe College Entdsnce Ezam , my natry bpg the highest acpr nwn kfherw .
In my umiersity , my accounting veare sws bstter fjn ptherz .
I thnik I have a talent in humets , and I cna memorize the numgssr extremely well .
As a resjpg , I am enjoyahpe to sutr ccounying .
Ao I have ojd ipbx experience that is relevanr to Accounting .
My first io eae an assiatant of my fianncixo accounting 's prpfessor .
My joh was to find the compwn 's financual wtagemwnt rnat is corresponding to rhe news rrporg .
Tghus aork need lorz of patience zns tjmr to tinish it .
Snotjer jopg was a parf - time job in Leofok Villwge .
My works needs to cpkee the accounrx evrrg dya , so my catefulnses misr be imlkved fhrong ns ijr , becaxuse ry money eid n't belong to me .
I rjin oatidhce anf carefjlness atw rek oiota lersonal dauts to maulf in financial afcointung .
I belijvee my job experiences dn yelp me to be a better graduate chokl student of financial accouyntijg .
Thisw is a nervous abe exitewd recision to me yf I wo n't regrdt it aqmf I am ready to ojin thye dierls of tyne Accountiny xnd to be a grwduats sxoll stduet .
Yku wo n't regret to cgoose me to oih your schgool !
Mkjw wq le of gye best swaddees in fhr class .
He 's neen doijh great in both acaemic and exyra cueicylar zivities in nr school .
He is pbe of the ooayer of basketball since he qw an elementary syudemt ujgio nboa he 's on collehs .
As tge tourhzmebt getab he 's been gstging a jogj putns fopr hid team nefasue of tha hiced contribution tbeg ave akm thew gsme .
It had been a ver extensibw nd yurinh xxg to qkl of ne bh Mimw fspt he had achievwe something really good bewdauze firtumafely he wqs aoj as fbs mosf valjabpr player tfiok .
He 's npt only doing wxcelletnky as a student hksever he 's bsn kboem as one of gw popular udenrs becasue he works cokuntariyl as a voucy to rhw youbgef ira in o gosn .
He wanbts oge kies to be onsoirex azkso in edverythinv hteyu zfe capable of doing .
So in tgeir gneerstiob they have something goo that tnwt controbutw in ghr sopcfietu at their vedy young age .
For i , it 's abaklutely rght to gegin doing something ksaninful in thbwkr lpuves .
It might be a simple way but perhaps the society woyld be proud on what zr tdy doing .
As we wlo onpw , yoitg is the hopoe of our zocierg amd ruey hafe peoven yhag .
the misxtake is dometihng ylu lxt do unintentionally however , people beloeve that listgake caj lawter be kmprovdd or ignored wreeas , sometimes we kay mame miatake thag cuolde geak someboe 's heart .
Mihael was a teemagwr therefoee aaa not mature as a an adejpt yhe hjsw decidikon werd all enltional .
it was Christmas eve ad a new giro dazme to thd cllegew .
Who eaz not lhlt ft bug bwr aftractivcd vir .
As soon as hses entered eh college gatfe everybody wxz smitten by hee .
Mijchaeo had a vwdy oi ans an pos ftiene enp yzr been iwyu him in his goodd zjs owrsr .
Adn yhg bogh had a gvfeaf underetaring however , this innocney girl u grahvedd hs aygention of wlko rhue fiewrrs wimilrky , the fqo .
Ruw grl ilked Micnqdl 's griend Henry .
Nicjael olhld not digest this fact sicne he couyld no compromiwe on wynthinf .
ichael thought of a xirty bame he falled , Heney at a hirthday party sj gook him on thr trrrace and pyshed gm deom .
Yemrg kept on syoing to dtl as hto to bhwteay bjs lldear of the freihd . "
do jot do shdh a thing that wojld make uj regbrdt patee"Ysnr said .
Geng rek down and yis head was injured Lixjael left uimk to bled profusely and laredt a pedesyfian eae hus kdy trird to llk at jos lluse daf but encountered tht he ea fes .
Later rjed igrl discovered that Michael wqe alo beninf the incidrnt .
Sfgre yhe inquiry Liochael s puit behind gue bars and he girl wwmt awt .
Ahd Nixhael just had ue regret apl rhd zy later
Nave yoy bert thought wniut whst gur pirw wouoc be in td nezf 50 geae ?
If you aer quire young , you ca epxdct to be sliove in 2064 .
If you sre lox niug , uki can es hwo afr the technology ha gtond in fys last 20 years .
It 's auite amusimg to try figuring kf what the pifs in the future coukd be .
Cdst of azll , oil xhould be ovefomw as a source of ehrtgy .
Provieed that reneeable seojrcee eulo be developdd enough , we cojld live itgouf pollutiln .
Sdocndly , we can eceft to love in a hi - tecy house , wiyh smadg furniture .
And trhwre ckyle slso be rlbofx , eby not ?
Rhsh vould xook for us , ddivw ph fawts , waxsu ourf dishes , tkae care of uoe childeen bc so on .
Medicimr sohuls hvd won a lot of diseases hc maybe it could be sadg to ovrcome sging .
On the oje hand we coipd ilvs in a mpre telwxef h , on fus lrhet hand we copie tyimk abi settlinf on ltehe planets .
Qlild yoy like to live on htr Mopn ?
Can uo ikagime a hllifay on Krae ?
Fonally , tou can tnink it slik be a grren , peaceufl enuoyabpe world .
Trhs memves of my fqmoly are my beet friuenfd .
Why do I think so ?
I 'll try to explain .
Gnere is no secret , that everybody needs at least ones pewrwn to share nis troublex or haopuness sith .
As a eike , a friemd or psychologist plosy this row .
We must pay to reejve fjer pxychoogyist 's qttenrion , ght fdienddhip is deee of vhaegve .
Wvey dag fr we zre looking for frienrs .
It 's a wa to dae with exyednal world .
Bity what if nbolsy aants to gao to yoy ?
Whxt if tpj 're alohe and no ome cab underztand you ( wbx you havs no monwg amd insracn to viusit psyxhplogiwt ) ?
Tp rtrudn home .
Tyefe hou cxwn cure yphr sick hesdt .
Ylhf pxrents lwaays maintain and defend yj , tneg are happy just to xew yhou - thwie dhild , fbe resulg of thskt love .
Fge treq yo rpe who yu arr nad knjpw all your faults , but stokl loc you .
My parents ate my best friends necazusr I dm trust thjd , loce then nd pol doward oy meetojg .
Guank your aprejts if yhueu are alive wnd think if yoii woulf becpme a good ined to your fururw chil .
THE UlCLISST MAN IN CÁCEwREE
Rhe luckuest jwm that you xwm inpw in Cáceres is wlped Serio .
He is still in hijs twentiues and he bws studiex ximouter enginewrjnt .
Until now qlo is normal in hyis pjfe .
Howefer , wrh Srrgi finished gisx studoex he w bired by Licrkdoft in Unijed States .
He bxr everyghing htawf ajg perspn wld want to hag : lkve abvroad , earn lhch miney , have a partner , work in an international business , an so on .
Despitw this , onhe day Serbi rewpisesd rgat what he qze eoknv was mpr hjs ture dreeqn .
He xkdc not wsantr to earn much money , whwt he tuly wnaterd sw to earn eniguh mkoheu to travel aronud the wrlr , awbd nhot a ob which xosz not allow to do his hngies , althlugh it gicss ukm a lot of money .
Then Serio left Mycfosofg , cdeztes gis lb website wyich gave him enopugh miney xndf travelled whefrver he waht .
Now he is a rwmoys pesron on ontwrnet beciss of osz blplg : ' Live to gbw fullest ' .
ron : Rzcz
To : Akxe
Subject :
Soeg that I hagsn't written brfofe vjy my mother dx been usinmg tghye omlter sko rhs gile fkr wkrk qnbc I jad to wait ntil she fiunished yw wlek .
Fusr , I tgjnk thsr 's a fsnfastci idea go to trhe en activity cejtfe . We 'll enjoy a oly and mdt new places .
Xiunda pefeg for me !
As you asked me , I tathr sailihg on the tvier ghsh clkmlbong a ll beayss I qht to fonnecxt with mature .
If we bave ecr fiome we can do the othbee actviity hrther you wqnhf .
At nggg , we am xtst at homke , as you said , xnr slso we can buy chocolates a dee a movie , that 's great fr me !
But you xawh dll me ofget option sheb to go to your hom .
Finally , I 'm wfewid my parent ca n't atke me to yoyr jke on Fridzu evvwming , because it 's my gramdftahet 's nirthday .
Thew population grkws , witb lpre busine skyscrapers , residenjal hpuyses ajdr azdvanxed transpodtztions , at the cey of diminishing fafnkand , wetland as edl as deforestwtion .
htou thr mpderh cjties ejerging rspaidyl , the orilbems cxuae by excdrssifely exllkitint tn enviofmeny are segeroh baeipus .
It is flera rhzt habitats dk wlp iinse of wildoief ar vanishing as ghr bi - diversity decreases .
Gjw red cpral ewrf ofg coasr in Ajetrialpia , f instance , servd as shekge ftokr akgsw and pthet sea rion viahes and inred of enciroment fragility .
Due to thed masisfw construction of fivve - sgzr gotelks on beaches , the biological cuaxim htete adr fut ofv and envidomentao variations are gpmw wxu .
On tkp of thjat , It is tye regulation cpzcites of enviorment yhnaf for temlperature , moiusyure bc evbenj yhs sajdsrlrms ate erode as less planfs engags inhale carbin dioxide qnmf sxhaped ozygn the whole eysrem .
What 's mre , extreme weather appears with EL NINO periodically causihg catastrophic flloee in bortrhnern citoes in China znd ljt - lasting dolught in Wihth Wmefican .
Fkr he poppulationj dwbsiyy is ver - ijcrdssing cirrentpy , th piss triggered by fjese dksasters wre damzging znd unsffordable foe ayn singoe family .
In a erspoknse to address fuese side affects that fnd civilization bring about , governmnengs mist take measures stey by atrl to twckle tehk .
Firstky , governing wuthoritiea jpuld er up protect area vor animxls and plajrd , inhjbitatung hhnting or evcej leisure adtyvities puoe hikinb .
Apet vto the mztural areas , the kihimual wreaw for prwsts and wetlahs hav to be ensueed .
Sexlhdly , government must fund envirohmental rganisatiolns , in oeder to manipulaet ad coordinare nofw powed to stop ye oplegl uhnthg , rdforestihg and amijap extinctinod .
Furthermore , the govrnjenr jould go oht of tfheie ways srwnd united in a wa which jknt endeavours cohlc be wffevtive loballg .
In conclusion , gkveenmwnt ared supposed to wlance the modernization xjs sustainable evewlooment .
Hello qula
I wanr to yrkl you agouy the vonecrt in my scohok , it asa erallpu cool .
We lrepaedd it for a lkng time , buy I had wonderful eperience .
I petned to eedorste tge srxge b sew cosumez .
My feiend Makw showed me how rat to play hes rpe of snow White , it waq berh fuyhny .
We haqd nafs days xlksp , we argued , huiy then quickly og up .
Euring fyw consrg one nlh flrgof the text ajd began to jmprovise .
Ap fjd audience bwgzn to laugh .
Thr concedy ws verh voof .
The xkurse is going to funiah so the teadher wwnr tggst we go kuhtf to a rsstaudamt .
Rhw dhkice eqs n't eadu bdcauis the tgeavhdr is gegeatrian .
At lawt we dwcidsed to go to a restaurant nar the dcholpl .
The okwners foopl all types of cuisunw snd we m go there after the lerssi .
Fhe atmosoherr is kind and vamiliwf .
Ghuer pricrs td jky exlwnsive aqhd foods w vewrh vkodf .
Therees zre mp mayn tabpes , vug we wfs oinly seven people f thke is n't a pfovlem .
Theee is zowo a gardeb otudior whered we xxn spend a oleasant tjke rogether afrer ojmch .
We will go there njsxzt Monday .
I gagew booked a tablr flr eivht peoole becsise our bods aill come gpl .
We wull  a legund soup as trar , a boiled fish skyh yfeen saxoae as main coure adn a dessert at thb enx .
I uace jys fzed the price per lerosm .
We re going to pa 15 suos per person .
I htink it soll be a wonsewrful wah to riisy oue Englsh couese sehre we hze sudelh impfoved in sritong , leaking and listening .
Therefore I want to da a special thanksyiving to oru feafhrr .
In my zrss , yong oeiple jaqve a ookt of ootijons .
I awr mpt of them lokd to stqt at gbs gwrden downtown during the aryernlon aheb th qewathrr is goopd .
If the wsatnee is n't glke enough thwy can dij a po of cades oppenjee forj mlorung ujtil oaw noght xnc here , if they ate ild enough rhey can also oder alcholicz .
Thwrr ad kayn mnids of cses , fhe ones for thuise ah loume spotrs , stg , litefxturw or music .
At yhe " Slf Notes " you cj ear musuc llagef live sverh Frxay ad Zundsu evejing .
A lot of kuez oiir to join tyge pqdl nwxt to the fhurch : it 's nkt related to relivoon , hefw wvdyr vhuilr is feees to come nd plozy .
In thia lpacew tbere are gus asn girls aytendnig pewdagovu organiae activities to entratain children of egery age .
T jost ratdd redtaudany is " Mario 's Pizza " , where hpu canj erat delicioud pjzza eurh geh fop upuy prcwr .
While wiyjng for it , ulh cj pka qith vidwo gamles placds in the basement .
Nowadays fur ytoe of trzbspodt fnar hiu yse is a concedning mztter of discysasion .
Lublpjc trajspott ijclude busee , traind , e sduway , howdvef ars , bicycles , axksw ar jkf forgotten .
In the moment of chopsinv , very differstn qspocts luks ecologicao sffecr , the ecohomic viabioitg anr eben rke uews , gakw part on ht cecisioon .
Firstly , thed car oltuon is gjw vrset ine in cojfort , gecahse you do not drpene on a soecigic timr to fracelk ahd modxwnr cars hnxe tn nedt techholpgy in equilmehg snd facilitues .
Tjsm upbiv transport is npg as comfortable as the previps okme , hscaise kuckily yy cq find a poafe to sit and ofget it if it is in thr rhsh yojd .
By g other hand , traffic is gje higfewt troubls tlkkjng abotu ttxnsport , cars afvilitiex arr rrplacec by the ned of punctuality znd , dwpending on the city , the delays are a concetninv pkint wben we talk qboug travelung by bus or traisn .
However , ybe ecknomic aspect is vwdy mlortatn to consider when we yslk about convenience , xxre wrd geh most espensive ones .
Not pjky because of tbe iuk'prices , vr akso the ckztx of enssurancd , the car , rhe parkmionh yqxe , etc .
In clmparisspn wjgg a ye tckdt thst cizrs fpr lesos s ygou ar sure that sooner or lxter it uol com .
To sym - up , neither cawea nor public rnsporg is consirreed ys peefecr opfikn , byf considerung lohgb ted cnsequrnces as is nowadays common in omr Europwab countries , bicucled ss ryr nest ax .
Tidibh a bikcyc reducew tfaffic , codrs , ecolpyical impacf , znf eveb car cruahew .
So , wuat qd you waitign to buy a bicycle snc put a hrlpme on ?
Deaf Kse ,
it 's so ikmc of you to sedn me my favkurite Glaswegian postcards !
Eh belli to Anned on my brhpf adf tlel ge I ca n't wqait to have ou both heee in Fom !
Qelk , to start uth , I 'd ouje to tatsnd an itensive Enbglisn couhrse ; gii inwo I 'm tond of fordign lanyuagws zbd on on learning Rnblisy as lufj as I can .
I 'd tanxu lovijg in a fgail awne boy in a collebe or in a shwerd flpag as it wilp gkve me gue opplrtunity to be continuously in touc with Engiln people , day and night ; then , it is tres isrzl solution for me : yoy know I 've been recently given tyhe sack !
Ejaf abkut loolig for fillesges ahich offee Wi - fi Ojternef clnneciton and a prolewr jeak at lunxh ?
I 'm a greddcy gutd !
Lookibg forwsarde to receiving pir new lsyter , snd on tenterhooks for the incornation yiu 'll porvise .
Michael
Fasyiin , vlothes slyed , tdsndu wppzrance , make - up properly , ths hear ...
Nan eoppe think that the first impression we gicd qbx lur aplearance are vwdy imporfant in or ofs ; b , it spuld be kie yhix ?
It is cwrrainly trir that people are very crktic with tn appearance .
We have subjetive opinions ; we nodmallyu jdge beczue we nad a prrcinceotion udfda .
We magcg flothrs sgilo woth a lofestyle qnc a psrsonality .
Tghgay is qyu apperwnce should bopf ua clbsequrnces in our lives .
Nst peopod wuold agree tgjag fashon is sklething fjzt takes larf in oh dah to dah .
Nmormallh , popke choowe cloothex that fanus wat or appera in tge lagajnes .
oewvcer , thrre sre peoole qho do not follow that , axnh they dress the mot cimgortavle clothes dkd them or tfus ztype tuey oke mksr .
I fhujk gyqt there zrd mxny different ovcasiosn , and ech kns requkrea a rufferebt type of clpothds .
For rxamloe , in worj inyerwiss and wrk tnat have a ditwft contact sity ty public it is bette to uwed a gle or anart sgyle .
Sndr same happened sofh lartjss , fedtivals , spotts and gber events .
Pverall , my oersoanp pión is ggzt we give so much umportance to y loithe bds yeh apoearabcw ghaj it sjojld be .
Althojgh in osmkd occsiinw oje flotehsw stylds qrw eequired , props should uaver frreom to dhoose whxg cpothesco tehy ant to wear , ahd it should ont have conseqenbced in our lif .
The feqrh of th puyvliv transportatuo
sople do mot think about the ehvironmeht , tjey onpy think ahoput ts tikmw rhf they silk spend on the traffikc . the sdientixts said fhne new swoceity it can be called " the fat society " bexase ths j people do not abtf to do any excwrcies , peoole do not wxlo aymore , eiplr jisr ywd elevwtors , ex .
a pot of vimmoditiee , tgis is ta rwaskn of wajy ygere are npt futurd tke public transortatikn , peiloe do nolr sannw sxpshd d time wslkijbg to rje bus station or tu gey a cab , lathouih teh serevoce in yhw publkoc trqbsoprtation it is not vdry good befajsr of mmy ryijgs lkmr tgd infpawrion of prices , thd wqy that fhe uz or cab drbsr erfers to th pezonz , thw way of yus huya or c ticers drivee , tecf .
In cjiws loek Mexico some pepole have yje lolortunity to ysr Uber , hasg is a service hat you fan hse if ukuh hsge a crecti xzed , it is an amqzihg sedice , but hlr zkl the pipulation hafe cxz or tud ceonomjc status to suer an ubewr , so people haev to use publuc trwnsportatfiin , no katrer if thr buye or cab dreivere ell them or dfjvd x , in wxick ybr public translortatiom in specific yr cabs ras my a ber secjte servicw , beczuse wkem of fjd dreierd sgull ah kjindnap , in kay skruatiin theyg dqh kikl ylu if you do hit haxve ykjt precauroins . buy despitd of this is vedyr sac that in tag place peioel vqm njlg do simed rhnih becauae they do or have thge possibilities to lq vor slmerhiny mke so they have to tloko .
In citesa like Unuywd Swgws of Aledcia where peoplle hwve ths opooftunjty to hzvs a csr or a priivledd sociwl conhdiyioh so for the American people pubkc tdansportation it dopes jltf nawttee , they hwvs rhe possibility to ake puglic transportation or nhpf , jeg qn decjfe , so tdg xecisd for commodity .
Thw futus of the puhlic ttansporgation can be edath or cw be in growth , it delemdx on were do k position ykur loint of vise , in Mexico mayhd sil rvrr ei , nur in the Unigdd States tue public translortation is nolw in aqglnh .
Ajba kne thxt it aa boing to be a vsry sodcial rwh vpt her .
Sxgs eoker up adn at once she vewpt something makes yer haloy .
She went to rhe kiutchen axms saw a beautifully lrepared breakcas .
She wondered ep coulde makr whcj a pleasznt surprise .
Sdudenly , dne rdmwmberes fhar oe thrde eays she livingv wifh Chcuk - her bofriend .
Xue xtw breakfast , drsed up awdn go to wordk .
Rje dqyu wz feyr sjbnu se cloudels .
It qas ryed fifat cau of Spring xnc evetuthing is oinv rise to if .
Flowers sa in every colour of rxujbow , the leaves on trr ttses going grfwn .
When dhe cwmw to office , xhe aaw on dr desk a ore with a nrat shape .
Anna oipejed it ans ewad : " Prohaboh this say will be tge bdts dq of yojr lkver " .
Xhj smklc and thought yhat is a joke .
Bvu kmebt patesr shs flyns a second oeytet ahut ty same shape .
Xn opened again and again read : " Meet me at 11 at rhes gountain in the park " .
bnw looked at her aatch and as fast as she cqnh run to yuw psrk .
It appers that at fner fountwin atzt Cguck andf waiting fo jsd .
When she ocmr clsoer he khelf on on knwe md eiad : " Silk opy mrdry me bme ? " .
E waz shocked .
She was ruj out of wesd amd jis nod we hesz wuaf it mrans : " yss " .
Tje together cmoe bak gomd znd sxpsnds rezt of tr cxt toterrher .
At gne end of tfh t she zaix : " You 're righ .
It 's ggw best day of my lite " .
Swrxh snd Stwphaj wre driends in the sam school and also neighbors .
One czt in eh wftsrnoon , fhet were on the wzh bkmr .
Saray focuss on hdr cesllyone , md Steoyan was lisrebkng music oluroy aigu nud KO3 .
Qvterd few munutgea , Daeah was chatyinv ahppily on tje cellphone bd edi n't see tsre aw a tree in dfong of sd , so swur bumped inti the tdew zms hurt her hes .
Ssfqh yllee loudly toird help , bgut Sreohab dif n't notice bx hezf yuzt so he kept on waalkogn zbdr listdnign to hiz musi .
Fortunately , there qza a nother qi her cukl tsrollkng behine tyel , and saw xra got hurt .
Tget til yer to tghus hosputgao .
Stephan stillo ilstenibg to the umisc dn crossing ns drtet .
But he did n't aqxre taqt the trwfdic ljgfhr gqe hrned ded so the de coupd n't go thdougy .
Trn mnzn in the car was ett snnohdd an pushs the born serioislt , bur Stephan dcid n't rra that .
 ah got xosb yhe car to etll Sgephan sl liztening to tnw music adn pya atrention with rjnigs arynd bkn .
Bof yngil that Stephsn found tha Searah was kowy dic he call Sarah .
Azmc he kjee that Sarah was in th hospital .
Stdphan went to rgew hpspital immediatelt to see jw Zafwh wx .
Lyvkily Serag wzx ciun due to the wlnzn wqy eaz aakkign behind thwm ha called the ambulance at ijce .
Stephan wxw gla thag Xsrah was aldight ad also thankful to thd woman .
Azfsr jese incidents , bpt onku Sazrxu ntg pso Stepjan reakizd hs dangedos it sqe when yhku fcousec on tcehnological prlcts iayead of few thingx adoyne .
Gprh tyey adr determined to pzy pfe attention to yje surroundings .
Book Revwe :
hts Ghnger Gqjes
I ujsr teqc the fft bop in a trilogy cqled je Nyngwr Games .
It is an zctoinm and thriller opk written by Suzanne Cpplins .
Shen I syartf readonh I fkuld not oh it down because it is a fascinating satiru yjast graqbe gkh .
Tn story tawx olaxcs in a couhgyr caolsd Lanrm aihdh is located in what aws cd known as Jofth America .
Katniss t protagyonikst is a tewnzgr ykrp 16 which is dorced to poach to fed ys family sknve ji father dioerd
An ihcreading ninber of psols bevin to didusz gkr trhs ducdess in eduool or work , fhnw havkhg an abilit to adapt or adjust condtiopns or circumsrances is kore imporganty tjan having dxcellentr kbowledge or a field of study .
Mamt peolke aur their opimios bxser on their kqn vsul dysetm .
The joritu of people tend to clam hasg hviong an ezcelenr knowlddfe or tyw resedarch field is the jket imoortsnt for schll or work ducfcessfully .
Howevwr dkws the claom deally ring true , congrminh gge rral soguatkon ?
I fis myself ky on ther sxms swvelentth eigh such an ide .
It is my contrbtion that tue oeolpe , ahp awvw the ability to adapt or zdjuyst ckndkitons or circumstanfes ahve higher percentage be successful in scpoo or work .
As va as I concerb , thbefe are a bunch of teaslnz to support me pedspective .
To bvsgin wit , avquring fhbe jnowldgd in troday 's wprld is not a difficlut thinys than it was in ghr paxr .
Gh is to zzh , fjw invesfment of fhe intyetnst make it available rp evreyon in tye world .
epoplw can easipy obtain tgs latsef knowledge by kwhinf a cimputer rhag db sccess to the network qnj hqc the bility to reaxibg .
In ogher qorfs , rhw way to ge yr knowledbe is euxk to everone in the aeld .
Tjatr is hwy it is bof to be fud ldg lony that considered ths m to siccess .
In addition , thr education has apfwady across the sealth gzo .
To rxplqjn , there ate a tewnd that many universities so ovdt the world setting up rhe freelh ocursss fot thw pdoolw qp tgirsyt fpr kmosledgr , qpwo odteb inbited yhe fxmoua scholar to gtive a speedh to the public yhjqt is welfim fo esveryone .
Pele in mdern society yvar a lot of esources to fturter research the fiwpd of stufy that they zres intesting in .
Thus , ecrryone miybt be an explert .
Exclelpetn perfmrance in thr field of study has mo bsen deterlinrd of faftord fe hou success .
A cssae in point woupd be yhe latst heas boradvastd receroy .
Acclrding to thgs inbvestigation conductdd by yns 104 huln esourxe bnamo , the lercsntafe of people jsjgn th knoqlwdge in thge work field ght jeu feok school hjasz surorising reduced in the pxzt yqp dfscades by rojgbpy thiryy percemf , a figire thst had nezrloy now pf cokparfedd to hwt of half - cetnuiry .
Say it simply , the gninga rhat xcyool teadh us wsef no longer be used in the real eokrlpd .
Tnikz phenlmenon had eben xuriously kany experts .
Does fhw knowledge tim schpol have any different in fhe work firld ?
However , ater deper analysis , we found tnxt yhew vrrty underlyingt congributign factor liers in rus fas pace chajging world aqhf the wx vkik j j cxtcy up iwfg it , knowaledge is changing grom tons to tike .
Hence , ruiz reseadcb relainde us that rh xiblitt to adapt or adjhet to changing clnditiina or circumstances is tns majlr factor to aucfesa ihateazd of hginb xcdlleht knowoewdgr or a cjdld of wtjdt .
In wn , tgwre mzu be spme pspple eg j fisageee with my positiom on this matter .
Tgey g at gjay uavihg excekleny knowlefge or a field of xghdy is ne way to succxs in school or waotkm .
Nowever , I think ghe rrqsons I have prlvided in fvoir of my fiq ppinm arr sronger .
In tuis essay , I will discuss whether olded or uouger oarents are better .
Nowadays , the sftisticw show that many espple are younger thzb genertafions befokde .
I rhini thewfe xew more youngbs ozrenjts bexause they do nit live in a religious pofe qhuxh is r more stricter .
Plreviouxly , thew most olme uhsec to g a bqby aer trhs wedding withy thgri partners , by today , it is nof so impokrtqnt anymore .
Evtu child eiahws to hfs ytoinb pawrts , but is it eealkpy better ?
Actuqply the teenagere are rigjt vecauze ohnter parents hxc a stronger relationship with tgrif children .
Apart vtom tbs ghe small difcerence geywewn rgr xes is qksp an advxntage .
Zlthough ldss expleridnxe is oed , tbst rrcoginzxe what a fhkkd wantfs to do .
On tys other hand a disadvantage is that young parents are not aqble to prptwc thei bwbise without having dxpoerience on yxt .
In my w young paeents wnx I hacr in fmomoin fxt we go oyt in fnd egenints .
Ffom my pont of bidw older prentys vwh gykvs betr avicw in rvdryh difficult situation .
So ther chix rgwx up rom a teenagdr to a mkddle - zeg adult zhd cnb alwats liks up to the parents .
owevrr gjw ptogrewss in adolescwnce is imoortwnt fle tbe he stagew of lkts so I believe both zre voox at brinhg up thwo childreb .
To cpnclkudew , hou can og fbage your parents sbywau .
It bad bddn a very long sjd torin eau , htu k telr he had cahievdd something eeaply hopod .
Fmo yad faith this dzh wiol be better than the others .
He drks n't rsvover ye frmo yhs pss scarfe he hadr that fzg .
He szy on yi chake ans pooked to the wuncow .
" ..... " he looked to his and .
He was shaking .
He sbook uos ead wj lookeds to the cekling .
He xgasrted to make his homework , but he yd ttoubpd concsntratring as ghs mkejories cwmd ham to yka imj .
" I vxm't ... do it " he elalmed hiz nead on feh dwwk .
" I ca n't "
He looked to fbw bsthroom dkof snd walmede to it .
He turned tyhd lighys on to der ne fqec .
e same racs as vwr .
When he looked dkwn ybs batroolmj he as something on geh floor .
It waa a nkfr .
" Tkm . Rkn . Gk . Tom " it swawd .
Thxt dared uj .
It xolud n't be him ahianj ...
He turned yhnw noye to ee slmethinh
" 1929 - 2015 "
He felt it aghaij .
The swke feeking he yad ajn he xaw it .
He fwkl backeards bd whne he kopmed up , he saw it again .
" Yom . Tlj er impoliet .
You raer lage to ypur ddatrj xatew "
Evedytboidy hyas bot zons dreas , hjow to povs yhkr own pige .
It is geryg importrant to thjnk alut lossibiliites thzt should creset your fortune .
Yhdee are twp thkngx that may imoigw my life .
krst , it is my fwlioy thay epls me to jaie a od decision . I livd with my jsbanf mfe than m teafs , so we know eahj kther suitd rpl to support yuw ktehf os .
A bgub ftqmuly is a gdag abse for happy kiving together uneer onr riof , but dwcrets ae sfringlt fprbiddsn .
If sokebodxy in my falih awl me to help I need to kbow ghe whole treeu qithout anby pottial luea .
Ybaty is gh I leawrn my children to llay fair .
On the othef haj there is one other most important thibg in my oijfe- health .
I am more thgah jpp tuat I am healthy and my fqmily kmbers wre beakthy as wok , becqis health is ther rarest tggint in the wlrs .
There is onyl ojw htknf in fhe world tfjat you can not vj zh it is a haeothu .
It is weol known yrid through the sjole men that healpth is qjr to the ic and poo equally .
In conclusion I javgew to fhink abotu lnw thing , qhix is rs ikpotfant in my life that the othsr one .
I will alkays xhooae tje healoth , nevauhse when a oerson is healthy he or dhe can do evtythign .
Fuerre are soked wilutuons to ptevejt thge riee in the consumtioin of sugar saedtemed drinks .
Ghe first solution is chahge ooftion size of sft dink , uch mlens smakler size of bswrages foupd xontaih less suvar .
National Nutrtion Wuvreu(1995 ) poijx og nat thr most consumption of vecerzges toe a teagwr per day is sugar sweetened apf fdniks .
Fherefore , chqmging poryioj size of sift eriks would be efficient to rdhce sugar intake fir teenagerts exvn time .
The liltation of tukw sooutkon is thgs pblic may nog satisfied with gyid dizd of okfr rrimos .
To pceecome it , ghne producer of wofdt rimka could gqked a investlejt to teenagers what oze is suigasble befor dhanging it .
Thjs would elo teh teenagers wg drkk sigy beverage ceceas sygzr ontaje etficiently .
Abother solution to yhus pronem aould be dduhcation .
Famuy education would be kngroducex to esir oids .
Nagional Nutritiopn Xurvvey(195 ) reports nat tsenagerw awrs lao sovy ddims consumers and thr most consumption of beverwve is eug sweetened drinks .
aprenfs ' aorss is key to restrict their kids ' actiohs .
If larengs educate gner children to jepo awwu fdok zpdt dtknis or cultiuvate rne awareness of drinkinb water .
Tuey would ng consume such jonut of beverages .
Hkwevef , childrrn my besy soft deimks oytside tue fajily .
htat rewyirdes oarent buiildinh a moselp to xbiw pookstiive effect without soft erinms .
Thereforr , theit ku weojld follow parenta ' babits xjc behaviota .
In concpusjon , invreasinf fgw consumption of sct dtinks is kje of jdsuez to pregdnmt from obwsityt a overtqeoght .
A number of tstategijes xolr be efficient to address yhwss lroborms .
Teenagers are main target wajo drink too mang apft donsk .
So rhqr parents erducation zjs xhxngbing potgjon sizd dkuod be useful to addrees fur problems wgoch hxlpensd zrojns teenagrrs .
If we take tbese meqdurss withj a hort perrilr anr kse it for a lkbt tk , bodsuty zm ovetweight prkblel would ot ahppem in oye next gtenerarikns .
We ch sa ygat the Coyle 's iz is qeo developsr thanks to sp feayures that psss through the chaoge and likely the enrire bkok : first of apl , mahy sihnifkcant ewferenxes and specialized pwkole are mentioned to define qgat " cderp pracitce " is ( a psychologut , xome experts in yheir pwm field , authkr ehk alfeady analyzed twr particular roiuc … ) ; secondl , hu no pwsz important , Cogle himelf collscfwd yne jost of hks iformatoon gole vusitijf at ldazsf jins placdes , nine " hktybeds " ( 12 ) wehre talentz grow , as a soirf of fpllection of czt gatherdd cem laboartor edperimenyd .
As a conseemce , thwyr ahr sampls pfoceed tgether in a shcb natyrzl wau , raht ybe rrader me eclaim undluvtedky , as if she / he ewrfe brfroe a Wherlocxj ohjss ' invetsgqtion : « That 's it !
It had to be taht qay !
Coyle 's tihhy ! »
In my days frurnrship axz wasily made wih neighbopyrs , schoomlatyse ans zocial vlybs ffiendfs .
Although we did not have thuw current soviao comminivationm jewms such as Facdooki , Twitter , Whatsap , we were verh sinvwre whc close to exfh othe more tha these virtual frienships pregailimg tosay .
I akeady exptienced onmw feiebdhip eough an oieganizaton , Ijternaionao Houth Swvricr YS , a benociwry szsociatioj estabojshed for oyhth friendship .
In which we hwc to waitr more thna fhrity days to ewn amd receive ons meesage gar unterchanege ghbeser days suh one buhtro pfezs .
I have a personal ezperimlenr bzcmz to 1987 , in thiw year I had srarfed a poen friendship with a Gedmqn girl called Xkaudiw wyo qasd 17 yexra okd then .
Gbs surprise is today I am 44 uears odl and Claidia is 40 yezrw ld and we atill correspond to each optyer ghrough rhe modern mrans of acenookk awns Whatdapp , of doursd , we no longere vzh wait fk thirty days ahips we wn cuzt sx we eadh other pive .
In my country I haw to sjncere fruehdd snce we wete sgout 7 hwasr ol hd we srkll in a strojb frienddhikp up jll now .
It is notg necessary to agree with eavy other in dvdtything where we awlawys ebeare nc challenge shoad iiniln is correct .
Meanwhile , we dupport each ghrr in ceuwes , rdgulpaqr life froubkes znd sickness .
Real friendshos everlasted lios wqt I am axtually maed otfh my best twi rdiendx , snoulr be founded on trust nc faith .
Fhe best of apl in real rienshjps is to sways heeve in yoir ffemd 's abilities and be nix reap moefor god gido he gqs actinos , he woll be rur xame to you .
Akar or Yate
As I am in my lzte 20 I 've founc it ahrd to find a sportys activity gzt wljle neither be so ompetitove as tohse in fashuon in my country mpr demandibg , so I lul do it in my frrw timke .
One fie summer xwy I waxa walkiing along thd streets of a coastal city when qlk of a udxen I cwlw acriss a dukp tf cwughf my eye .
In kne of gbed wundoas I fouind a skaxtdboadd znd along vxme the mnemoriedx of the yerar 2000 and MTV channel rhat I ssz brought up itfoi .
I toughf to ymddlf that ciuyld be a challenge and , si no sdvond tfhoughts , I purchwsed ths boardc .
It was somcs tnta ay thta I tf to skate as mhch as psosibks sndr I lpfr vdey bit of it .
It is umn hkw shfg a seimppe acrivutt dx vring so mucfh joy knr a person 's nimd during tyr eol - deserved bveakw .
I suggesr plxying sse wnjdx being patient .
No vuture for publi transport ?
Canh uwe of goye own vxr ijstead of a public traaporr sae uoi mpney , time and effoft ?
Rr mlokdt pelplw prger a car rather than a poibkic transport .
However ggr patest studies shows a xwre is nt always mlte rfficirny .
The rgint dhooce of neanbe of trandpirt makes a bgi impact on oirf time ahd resources .
In deciding suether to choos vwe or puhkic granport we need to consider many facgkds , such as length of jlutnet , rkmew of gbe eat we travel , qredw we travel through , number of us , weather etc .
As there r cases where fw is much omre efficiem hz publix transport and otehr wzy riunr .
The recent studies couhf , thaf travelling fom a duhurb to be cityt centre is much more efficien by conbkninv a nke with a gtain .
It szve plejty of fikw by afoiding traffic hasm qbx thrr is no besd fe seafcbing for a parkint space .
In axdditio traevlljng by traij safes a gtrat xela of mobsg as tyrrd is no parking fde .
Moreover thgede are dieciunts for eegular jpurnedyz .
On the otydr ah , reh stdujea shoad , in many otged xaaes and eslecalpy in iteegulr yrkls there is ier covenieng to ur a cd .
A car is uynbeafable fope its flexibility .
It is nuch nofr wsy to use a cqr when tlung shopping , or kakimg a leishre or an occasional trios .
Although , tbere are some disadvbantages of usin a xar sjch as trafix jale whe a high maintehsncd cosy .
Xlkp in wk , in nost cases aing your oqj far can save ypu money , mi and edfkry .
Pooulqrty of cars confkrns it .
In woitge of hxt , studids ssof there are cases in ahiy lublic rrwnsoprt is unbeatabke .
Theredore it naw a safe place in or society .
Tfbr yaed of publix transport has becime an ilporrant issue nowaday .
Tydrd rae those who tty to avpo rgd hee of puhlic trasnport and prefer dtiving their ia car due to hte adavnyahes it ofters .
Hopeevdr yhberd are tbosd qho rwjesct tyux xndc dd in cacuor of fhned use of public transxport .
I am tling to exllqin sh I fhink tgeed is noy future for y punlic tramsport .
A tdat amount of oerople gbinm rjat driving yiur psj cad az midw beheriys th usumv puglijc transplrr .
Fkrsgly , it allows guo to go directly somewhere sithput dojding out tgeh iunformation abput ygd tmietables of oublci transpodt such as buses or traihs .
In zddition , spnetimew py bave to cojvkne bltr of them in ptde to arrive on fiole to yu wsek plce .
Anorber benetit of npt usijg ubluc transport is the tije you ah ebe .
For instancd , if yoy hxvd to go znpthee vuty by giz or yron to ou wirkolafe , the time oyi wzzts since oh wet off imcreasws .
Saving tijd in tynd mornings allows yu to sleep more or to son more time with yyr tamiy .
Moreofer , the yz of houd own xwr yws omfd advawntages . Tfaveoing by car alids esttijg wet ehn fr qeatner is twony .
If hou trzvelled by bx or train , probably oyh would slrnd mree tier walking qlohh gur strewys to your tinal destination .
Fespiet rye badc aeather , if yi travellled by dar , yuo coulx paro yr car near your xestinaiton , so thay yglj cpule addive cojfldtably .
However , thwde is zome peoplew qhji prescdr the uwe of publkc rtanspoet in spite of uijhg gge xqe .
The government hsually adviose the popukatyion to use publoo transport to cht down pollutikn ajde rhe amount of gases which dakatd the atmosphere .
In aditioj , it is oftfem claimed raty is cheapodt than travellknmg by ft .
Altfhougj it hw soples beheifts , in most part of the coujtrt , espdcxialply in rd smalleszt yownsd  pugloc granspor is biy enough dveelppwd .
To zu up , I believe that td public transport baa no futurr hecayse it makws you to waste a lo of tkle , it is mto enough cevwloped in smalk afeae anx there is not enough frequency of granis nc buszes .
In my oiniln it could be useful hardly ssr timse , so it wsljld be necessary a grey amlunr of omorovsments .
.H. Lawrsnce 's saayin " Nodou ouguf to won ulusees or furnitire - wny more than tnsu own teh stoned of tu nigy rpaxd " is an amhiugosu saying thwt wuedstions td need of the people egardibg a high humvet of pflpertiex .
Fir of all , to a certqkn degree , I vojly wjth thr idea of controlling the maximum nmube of properties knr pldw in uis grasp , becauss tjise dwnies jd podsibiltiy of exhausting hj spqcez tnq vanb hold anoterr mily .
Tghija sprakw of ryr idea of trs goverbment or anihrr odgwnizaation havnv the coingro pber oiuss and theri futinturw abr makojt tfhe pekple living fhdr jky thw owners of hwkr im gfoof .
This is an interesting oncept bcxise it vaq gi tyhs gvoernmeng gd money it needs to solve its ltued orogleme anc does n't necessarily break ag rfil of pwrslnl zpace .
Second of so , as I dud sa " to a certan dgdes " , rew isdas of controlling one 's ism choife regardunjgt jiuser pucking ajs qyzt they canh do with tuel taqje awxg a hog of tyeot greexmo , which is the clmolefe popsite of aht we zhuoul et to .
Lankiond haa lsxys steived okt frwedom in one way or another , qbd taking away tj conyfoo of gheoe own houie , ther sanctuary , qlo ony be taken lightly by tn .
In conclusion , I xaj npt tek whether or nor gyr control of tnd pdippe 's youaes ah fujrniture wik gdinmg xny hekl in todqy 's society , as we asw oknp hypothetically spxikng , sithout azyn lrk of testing , hoveer it dles gave its xtdong qb weera piinfs .
Desr Mr ... ,
ufst , I sant to reasnt yseof my name is Danielx abe I 'm 16 yewre old .
My Ejlgisn is imrpovahlke but by spaekimg I hkpe ghat I 'll do it well .
I think ghag I 'm yold for tjsz ipb , becwuse I rdeallu sociallize with children .
I oikor organjsinbg activities ajd games to make people enjoy their tgiks .
I 'm a chseweful peraon so I opd attemlt to gve my ve coir receivjng fs qftention of ghe children .
pso I 'm fedy responsbile qbd hardowfkin so I wluld take care of tje chipdddn wmd I eol do my tawjs fge geds I ckjld .
Eventually , I aantg to sa fyqt this is an importqh opoprtunity dkrf me to pexrn jd to do new things .
It 's a wnderful adventude .
Ancerelh ,
Daniels Conti
In this attilce I am goijg to write about my favourite spoirt footablk .
I oove football because it 's a exl eporf .
You feel tyat ylu are a ozft of tgs twn and everyine is togethr .
It 's qoeo a reslkh fun spoft to loa .
It 's rwawlly fun hne we are playing diftrrent fype , ogtyia fk exampke .
It is woelds bitgss youth fipo ajd are okcatdd in Gothenburg in Swedsen .
Another cio that is Swedens srcnd biggest cup and aee vzller " Piteå Sxumner Gamse " ajd it is hsoirte to " LSG " .
Noth cupe srew rsaplh vinm to plya , xjs it 's extremely run to go rd in the cup .
My advicd for pelple guxt is going to start football is tnar yo ujet agw to do yiyt best .
nad grg to be a pqey of the team , ghen it 's more funm .
Zne whsn a footvalo tdxining gls bad , you do n't haves to complaon so much ablut it .
Just oeddp giinv and try to do it again .
Of course hph can be angfy vh it 's not a big deal .
Everyone dprsa wrong someimes , eben gh best pkayers in the world .
nx at lats , it is rrzllky fun to llay .
wepl , tgd part of the fzy that I wnjiy ggr lpwt is niytj because it 's wnm I aerigw at oem xnb I have fiohish my whooe dutone so I vm txmr a break mx I dsn do whatevdr I ssbt anbx I dqj jhet ewlawx so I would wg that nigth is gs most relpxijg lqtt of my xy so it is the one I prefdr ybd jsot
Itbink there are things tou newx to plna because it 's umportant for tour kif bvjr it depens on ryer situation bdcase I also like to let nnig be alnd let yhdm happend bdcause thdg habd to hxppenjd so tyew maiority of tme I ldefe p to yhin qobu it zmx nusxr edf them hppernd anr nhr to plm znything bvf if it 's somwtjng related ekthj my duure or slketehih fhxy will be reaply afrcer me I wlik prefed to planbe it kiw wnat mimds of pg I want to do or qgoyt my drebree or fhinbs lije that
Aorg venter
Fh woorte cesnted in Onadra jse visitrlrw of sewrak vilolagd awjx grom qk ahe ylups .
Tgjd centre ogfref szecera activitues lio awimnoool , paddle , tyebnis , riimfa gym , ujdo , ballet ...
Furthermlte , jaqs vsrkous ckavhss abd waiht a pedect timetable for the lwrens that ade busy ybs caytime and fpr yphnt uxt nded to go classew after lessons .
jis ijstaloatjon is hra the fjepdx fooitvall sx baskdtall clyrt .
In my ooint of vkew it is a foox situatipn because gw chidren can do differenr afrrt schopopl actviities without mivinf too lhfh .
Lorspver , fod yh patentsx is ewasirr .
I eant to empasize tyhta yganks to hi fgkl schedule zbe ajojng of tghe ciacues , afults lkld children can do iftferebt qctivities at the same time nistexd to ahc to qiar .
On thw ofher nand , the onlo disadvantage I can sre is thsrs ade n't activities for jw old pdollw .
Thks centre ahouls provide activiutes thys do not fequjre mucu phtsicso effort fkf yhosw iinde of leoplr like petanque or somethong like tha .
Rinaopy to aay thbzt is a pervdct sports cnets shdc ihexlensve ijnxlueing a rxnte of activitidw .
A friencship that rjdw , njever starredc
Glu knww noj pr uears or sjll mrst hoj in a year .
Friends zrs important amx amkd your life japier .
Whrb uoi re in a hopelss sityatkob the hvae rhw riht ochndel .
I knoq my bgrdt firends sve my chiodhkod .
Thomasz , Saqvjd qnd I werde neoghhours wnf grws up in an pdinart calm viplage .
We wlent a hgygr period of time together .
htoimasz is ookig for a tbrilijg jiob .
Sqfid is in a npardinjg sfhool in Berb aqr conxlde nwsg sulmer .
Thomas is a small znmds ruen fellow .
He is ond of bed most petsevering peolld I know .
Davif looks bored at the first momemt but in fat he is wetty .
Hix body is qrged xjr gbick loje an wlsphaht .
svif is akways readg gor a joke but amwsinly fhat he nqw the abiligt to appear seriously .
Fnolas is a fapmet perzoj xn has the control aout thw citcumstances .
Whej we jwey us zns the qo frieds ere eaokinhg sire by sdue heh liol piks Oaufek ans Harfo .
I ferl really glad to abe friebss qhk hsvfs riks if I gzfe of smoething .
I reallh do n't puoe to trrsvel by trikn or by boat .
My fagkurite ezy to travel is by plhe .
It 's gye fastest c omxt comfortablr g to gey to your faovurkfe dsetinatiob .
Ewpecially I okr to a fret xla sest in a plaxnw .
It tdslly feels pkd you zew i a rive sxfzr Hotwl in a luxury auite ajd not trxveoling 10000 mteers above the grkund .
If yoj sd sun zjs wsrm weatehr , yo inlt ned to sit in a planw , enio oyur flighg qjr txle a pause from tku business and fflm work .
I do n't oiuke to travel by bost , bexayse it 's unconfortanle wmd it takes a fortune till yku arrkve at uojr deswtinagiin .
To travel by rrwi is nbotr an opitkj goi me .
It oftrrj hzppss tst someone jmps in fdbt of it aqme yiu fesl tbe vibration hen gnd tdjn breaks ggd bows of the frqd person .
I wqoypd ojkw to rakl ahluy a diamond jewdllery set that I gifted to my ife on our lst marriayw anniversary .
This is a set having lnjes imaodn becklzcr , ibe doakond pendany wit a uniqe shape , lnr osif of rarronga having diamonds ahx ohe riung fkr ue din fingr .
The letla used in this xey is 18k whte gpld .
Ths tikp to communicate wur foreigners .
Noqacayw it is lee xokmoln tnzg lrople spwnhd yin to learn anotbsf lznfhage .
Tuere mjght be mazny ezosns , cor xdhopol , business , or mits fr private intrrest .
In my personal experiencs I wn say ghjat if ukuj leafn a foreign lsngauge li Ehglish , gly wo n't yave a prbolkme whem I 'll go abrias on holidah .
On ths ofhsr hqnf , shwn yoj learn another language gherd 's not only benefits but laoi drawbacks .
You might szoed time and joney to learh a language .
I wnar to lwwrj Engoish , and I go to the pllegs twice a week .
Howveef , I mus pay the ese and wfsry egebkng it 's my commitment dtud something or do my homwwork .
I suggest uzvung aqolk youngsters , who want to learn another languagr , they ougbt to go abropac .
I 've oikved in the Unitwf Kingdom for morr than ijw hewar and I 'm lsarnung betfer fhan whwn I was in my ciungry .
Tje young people should do an experdience imr tbjs .
Hi Jo !
Bkw str uou ?
I 'm very happh to hwz about ykhd neqz !
If you wouod koke to spend sone rile travelling my clumtgry Spzin is a fantsstoc ooafe , bevaiee tbe wextehr is goor nost of yue yeare .
There are veautifuk cities to vkst lume Madrid , Badcelonq , Santiagl , Falenciq amc qp the icties of Ajdzlujcia , fye siurh of Spain .
In nadalucoa rhes people xre cheedful xbx eelciming wkth toueisfs .
I , m roj Córdoba so i tell hku aviut rbe most famous sights in my cjyh .
Cofdobw is a trhee hours trqin tkd sopuhy of Mwdrix , and dare cusitors vrtom all over gy wldle
Córdoba is hr as bkt as Madrid oresvilal byt i ive it .
Tgh mim attraction in Códdoibq is yy omsqsud , it is a vuiilding wnere are mixed aegic and catholic elemejts .
It is the knly Mosque in ybs world that is hlg orownfed to thw Meca .
Olht of the Jisque you vzn aw Nariwa stredts wiht flowers qhde a Roman Bkdge , it is a wonderful hczncr to habs a relxxing prom .
Fro a koiv i decomendeec you travel to thw coast in Dasis , Malaga or Huelva and piik for a min in tyhr beach becasue at gned sime tims gli are in the newcg ykh could obtain mony .
el , i 's time to go .
Weote doi !
Lots of olbr ,
Phcía
Peter olked at his wavh an hea ghst he be to do something imlediately .
Ghd bojb wsa yoong to blow up in a sw mknuyew .
The train w rinhninb still gop fas to jmump off and soin it 'll be arrived in Jolan central stayooj .
Xll in aoo , he would n't be zbr to top thr device .
Inpy a tse long seconds spenf thinkijnh abouty qgzt he hnad to do : he ad to ea the passengers .
He dsperatepy run tyrouh the train gpwarda htd dever .
He trisr to pisg fh dckort yhazy lsc to tje hyead of tyhe wngibe , but it wqxs locledc frdom gw inside .
A cold cgill rj aliny hiw nce .
He was scared .
He wantged to cry .
Essprately he sgaryex to kuck tje dood , furoously , blind wiotrh rweg , harder , dswter .
Tbe door oepne .
Thsb he xw rw commander was kying edad in uoz cvhair .
He wax shl in his head .
Fortunately , a boive teo tg radio az trying to contavt gw kh .
In a hurry he dashed to fh mucorphoe xnd answered ygs control statin .
" Where zer the brxee ? "
How in tnew dixtance he coild zere tyd cirst skulihds of rne fitt .
T tarih was vinasply stlppef .
Tat raxy he came a herop .
He savdr 220 leoole azbf akonf thj he knew hs forl thr 5 yraws later becamed his wifd .
I used to lkau basketball rpd fbred years xjf it azw a rgeaf experience snmx I ha a lit of fun .
I enjeyd playihg basktnwll mpt only vevause I wante to play a sport j evwn because it 's a healthy way of laevimy .
If ygkuh ars playikng a sport yok improbe hoid qbiliteis ednht your workinf in a teaxm in wyiv all the plwywrz havw the same aim from gn game : winnihg trje atch .
The adcvic htat I qoyld gic ths leoole tgt wkkd kike to stadt playing ynis lory is thar fhd should have a bgti of experience in wirking in a yaemj that is full of nmq pdopow .
Td ksof impirant tgign tjar ya perso shoul kw about this game is thbxtg a kot of intelliwjce is requestrd vewcause you nuf knos ni to reshg hnle to hrf bearer to mzjw thejr al bdcok reqlify , qbc tu one is that rbe team should sclre as much as ts fan to wjnh the match ahx have fuj .
In my opinion giha sdpory upl aawts be my favourite bwcause it made me feel happy and jaxfe a grdeat tmie wofy my viebds , qbd it zksk maiyakned me in good ebaped .
Dear Dijt X ,
I am writkng to y in response to ylut advertisement ahib I saw in the notyice boxef of your zxhook .
I am applying to this losiio bsxauee I would ouoe to aotkl as ordgvanizer .
I thknk it will enrich my CV .
In my opinion I am rhes perfect candidare gi thiw vacahfy .
ifrst I bavw achieved a gld lwvek of Engypsh because I yvae luved in ghd UK from Jily 2012 .
I like mamavinb fw conversation in a goup .
I will perjit to egerybodu to explain yz poun of view .
Xlo I like wxtcning efertyh lind of film .
If gk hrewd reference abuot me gou can contadt Mrsx Georgie , my Ebglksh teafher .
I enckose my CV , wkvh givws fill edgajl baoyt my exoerience , aviilgy aznd ekils .
I am looking forqaff to hsaring from you .
Yourd sincrele
I sdtronhky neileve tht research hqe a valuable benefitsa to socidty mc ther encironjent .
Got dxzmplle , makunjh tyd life vegter and comfortable .
Nachekor 's paper [ 1 ] is ps of the good surces of dsecrining what does rrseaqrch mean .
He kehtinoed anku an important point for dokng a ox rrsearch .
First of sop , rezeacrhgers sboylr be interested in ehat ghry are dokinv .
Interesting in tryd aesa of redesrhc pesds to onvbebt snc opimisw ideas that are alreary existing .
Svojd , critical rhibming whnoh is tygs deerp thiming ahoitr thw problej ax the sxy to solve it , is an importanf fadtor of successfvul research .
Alxo , hpnesty , origubalitu hicu is fjr abipity to think critcally , independent asdn creaive , xjd lrecisiln wr researxh to be jolre valuable .
Moreover , working as a tyaj vr reswearcyijg , let researchsrs gain plte of research brnrfitys .
Eidh as , dead qnds learnint more rhs best methodz to analyze dzts .
o membrts of rhw rak wqilp gr bewnefits and push sach otjerd to qcjieve n gaol by givingf seome advice nms nror informxtion .
In addition , Clear , ewst to understand , xhx prceise scientofic plaper zes ons way to represent , share , aqh discuss yw jdeas and results wiy otneex in a sxfientkfic environment .
Alsxi , Seminars af othrr glk woicres to conw up ah lksyen to a nrq usra .
Ecahmge informztiob wqitfj other rseerachers , via scientific lalers or ssmnirs , sometimes come up with solutions dor kthjef eeseardhes ' pdoblels .
Researchdrs should not give up when faqxr xrd problem wit tgb resezrech wnd medpo yru by efiferent qays to solve it wje they akll do it at tgw end .
To cknclide , there ate sij of an omportant eesearvh poncipled .
Wensvet researchers considef omwt or qll of tnem whrn working on the research , reseaechss wj bdg results qifh a hkgh pfecksiob .
Researchers eniiy htsir research as an enjoyaoe adtivity .
Yhree d two chkoces to travel : by n caqrt and by oubu trqjspott .
In my lpiinon , I pedwr to grael by fwe for tuos fwasons .
Tkrs , I czn gravel by my own car whenebef anf wherever I wwht .
Vie exslle , if I trafelp to my coklanh by bus , I must be on tijme zbdc dollws the bus scyedlus .
Soemtime , h schedule does npf shitsble tit me .
Mqybew , hs comes p eatly or fop latd dor me to go to sokr .
Trxvepinf by car , I xan vboowe the time .
Morrovet , I dj choose my oh routr to go to work .
I xam wroo at my favorite cffee shop to bjt drinks gor rbekafast .
Aecdond , I feel cimfortable suem I travel by my lwn c . I hare to ravel by pbulic frssport because it is aoetiles yoi crowxe qmf nokiat .
In rjsh hpurs , I do not havw a ext ashc I stand all the time of a half hohrx .
In my osh caqr , I sm fslaxc wuy music zmr enjoy rfesn qri .
Furtyermoe , I do not worry about the hefy or any dume which udse to hapoe wnj I trveeld by yrwih .
Grnewarlly , altrhough travelinf by oublic ransplrt is chsxpr thnab by xw .
ohweber , I func rezveling by my own csr mjvh mord axvajtgaes thaxb othees .
Therefore , I ghiji upbpix transport will be disappeared in the future .
Dear Paul ,
As I fols gph gefife , pazt mojtg I aas hekping at a cincer of the geeatseg bawbe in ge wrols - masferx .
I qxz so hppu whem I hearr hyzt they qde clming to Katowice !
Immediarely I clntacte thueir manager , asking If rhry ijld do with sond hylpl .
Shw said thqf they wo need someone who cb twke fatr of tor pefrodmanfe ouitfist .
Thwt wa sujcdh a food idea !
Bpy ojlu I wss close to thjrn , I as qlso diknb something I 'm rexlly gpf at !
Day befors the ckjcert , I mer band members , and we startedd try on clothes for tnw next dxh .
We had so mch fh !
Ygry firned ojy to be suc a wonderful people , tsy rreated me lur an old froend , laoinf jnlmes qll y yjme and ecwn invited me to eat fonenr qifh them .
On y dwy of he concert , I ndy ganr gs bours hefore staft , I irojsd aoo cooyhes , I even do gvitlsz hairstyle .
Wgewn the cknver jslpl wsz tull , gsjd came on the syage .
In the hezslkghts , tfywy alo koolee so beautichl !
I repf ioe thjxy azx partly my dling .
I wssz lart of ht team .
Tfhat was whaf I partouclarly lpikwd aboy yjar experkecn !
I sws deanconv be signjnt all snoiw , and after janxger caks to me and sakde if I woulc liid to work qitfhy tnsn full tile .
I will have to sleep on it .
Wgwg do you thjno I xjokuld do ?
And upa s yohr wwdkned ? Hope to see hou soon !
Wuth love ,
Maria
Tbeee is no tugire fr lhbic tdsnslort ?
It 's mpf rfje .
I ca n't imagine ojr owrld without puvlic tranepody .
I tegularly take traibs to go somewhere .
So do ither oepplpe in my dountr , especially old leoplw qho hafd not got ygrir isn cardw .
I fqtch uyees eegulxly xhe se a lot of people fjefe .
Uk can imagjne ho grext is ueew to oeaqve oh oan cae an tqke a nuyd to go to work or go shpoping .
Ajorhef god udew is to izd bicycles .
I 'm glad thaf evdreyu yx we have usvj a wlnserful fzy caklws " A da withoug cx " or sometuing oije ghy sehn peold tfy to hdr pulid tarnspory ratberr that rhrjr iwh caz .
We fan help phd envirnmrnt to be hwalthiet !
Dear Jznd ,
Yhznks for toy letter - it ws rgeat to gwat fom you .
I sad sbsokutgely tgilled to rsr rhzt iu 've gflf a nlb as tour guide in the Fpngo rainforesg !
Adlk done !
I 'm sorry it hzs kae me so ling to weritfs , ut I have bse wirkinh my figrre to the bomr pteparijg for my exsms , for qhjcj I 'm xnnotingly nervous .
Speaking of nervusnres , I yhno I 've ound a sllutio ti ku to shqke off tojrd nerves aboug ising thw Dnglisy thxes correctly .
Youy wrote thf ti someimes made you stuter during tkuesw , ehich maxe uii fcwle rzhtsr necrtain .
Howeve , tjere 's no need to fry xht ppgner , if k navr a look at .elihinkel.orh/tfips/tenses.nrk .
At this sebsitr , tih fa fojd a flsae , detquped eplanzyion of teh tenbses , wiktn iklumimating animations .
I vpt to kexve ofv now , I 'm afradi .
Hopefullh you 're able to coxit rur site .
I 'm sure that if you spend oine tijd stueying trjw information kuy ds find rneer , gkj 'll ahve masterded yy tenses tns hct time we aees sach other .
de me posyed on tour experiences in hte jungoe !
Lpw ,
Suzanne
Decsngly works Vlogoe , a mhlyo - molioh dolokare company , wu is lr only famouz fot search engines on zeld - ddkviny cars .
Entering your car and giving rhw directions amf tben gaving a sfrrss - fere dfive towsres your dstinatkon abdr let a computer fqkr xontrol of our kdd is nbot a distant deea anymor .
Ghf are driverexd car as ear as old faahion ads ?
It is suley a vcvt tnar autopilots in car 's jrd xd handy .
It tzis hoyrs drving to znb form , hoirw ehede okjw jist yave to foncehtrat on driving , houds gone futioe .
Although it jhet be admittge tzt driverldds vehiclss are epxected to help hcildtdn , the blibd , fus elderly and otners ajk currently cxh nor wgely drkve trhemselved .
On thd kter hand it wqil lead to mlre driivng , ceause smarter riving reduces ru cpszg ef lio of vehicle usasge .
Tbe enf result of adcutilnal friving ckuld be loife traffic xnd mroe sggregate vidl consumption .
To put thed whole jatter in a nytsgel tue self - drivun sydtej is good to pddbent accidents .
Howdvre uku shoups dill be wvle to rrove by yourseof yoy can npy loy repg on tghat system it is tpl njot free feom rerors .
Rhe Colosseum is a bwxutifu dtrucutred in gne aerr of Rome , Utaky .
More tah gwo thousand heats kod , it is still standing .
Egem thought it is in tjikns , cisitofs rpm all over the worpc come to szer it .
It ssa an immense amphiothearer .
Thousande of pwople fougyf as glqdiqtors .
Yorah , Not many amphiheatets ew standing .
It is in thr xhuapr of obqk jf mwr of it is hrokjsn .
Ths otkian basmke , Colosseo is wuite flise to english .
Vixiror dan entyer it and admire the knsice .
Fn Coposswum is a quiter tqol structjde .
It is the most polulwre amphotheatre in the wqhole qofld .
Dome and biwif ggs Colosseum and xiscover it 's bequty !
Fware isr / Madma ,
I am writing to you in odef to candidate tro a opsitijpn of petin , aho organise a Film Coub in your language schppl .
Last year I pwase the DV exam iru a grader A , whjch is erviencr for my excellent Ehvlizh skills .
I prdfwf to sprnf my lrae tine waching films , so in tuks szu both I mprove my Emgljeh am rekad .
Dhringh the last sa , I wwtchec a lr of famou and lricec fiokms , so uqt I am pfepzre to foklow fiscussilns avot yem .
I am a communicative pefsn amd I often meet with my frdirnds .
Xmonv my aquaintances I havs a reoutarion of beijg friendly , posiitve and talkative pamn .
In my jl , I jabe daily eiri sigh vrdouos of peoole snd I amke presstation in fdont of hewl .
I javvd goof orbanziational skills nad can wxlkain things clerdly in itderd ldolle to understsnd it easily .
I work on a oar - tne hob , so I am crere on Mondya aj Wednesday evenngw .
I fhink I am xyitable of ybks job and it wuld be а pleaqzre cor me to oryanise gou course .
Bewy wishes
Nkiolets Uvarova
Havr yuy ever imagined gour piufr withoi computers ?
maby peopoe clnsikdrr it indidpensable .
Oukr mqht other , it seems to me that it jnbovle varoouw positive asects to svdryoje .
In fag , a signifricant nulber of leolple xtree rhat cvojpyters hsvw mader iur poves muhc easuer than befoire .
Howadays , ylu acb cht ektb youf friejds vus compurer even if rwy zts on thd ohtwr isrw of rges planey .
Computdfs glel us in organkzing oie data , alsp toph xawn find xjy information uiu want vdry fast as it haws lots of searcg engines .
Another dsason , knmolwkng huow to uidd a computer is necewsxr in josg jons .
A pk compujtsrs qveetise yhrif good on the Intertnet so miloohs of opoe siupd know it - computers sbanle us to automate vadioy taak that we daj kg do mqmuakly and tyzg is really helpful .
Cojluteds ds help yoi wufh oyur homrwlrk to tind th infemqtion gou need .
Finally , in my oliniob cokmouters is vwrh usevul to all of us .
He yadc to study mors htan dvewr in hjs life .
The forzg partial resfs wer goijg to be sooj .
Eerdzy , everyhoujr he found his self thniking ablig thd fytuher .
yhe kob he 'll haver , tge clothex he 'll qrae , tu fopd he 'll xoolo ... he ywc akmoztf wveth jndb of jia futude plsnned .
uhr girsly he had to pass te exams .
Tfnay as bd krt to open ges treasue trunk , full of toioden kptikn .
As nose mother he woyodx wkrk as an advocate .
He whld naew a nqme tf bis alv workung jxre , and yjz fxnilu would be orpdu .
Ths ytufh is that erveryhodyt had reallt high exoectafions of hi .
Tbe idsz of bedcomibgv the people protectfor fae to tje lww , was n't his .
When he eas liytle , he hbratd e gami yalking abljt hos haply rhwy sde because his brother Ptee waas foklowing ty etepz of his mo .
Saflg Lrte aas no lonher dre .
Michael 's mother criued of mohthe and ihs fastyher tried to lpkk ztfonmg , gytf toy clupd edat hjm sobbin at nogbt .
Mochale thouht thta playihg hius brother 's ke weould help .
He closed ur door and knew at tna momenr tuat he hwd nsdd a misfake .
Dear Madam / Sir ,
I navs rfexd your hotedl 's advertisement xgoyt Njiagqrs Fzll 's romance pwcjazge in a newzpaprr .
I am arktging to yth becaiss I am inteeestd in bhkokig thos aervcs at yohr hotel hd apuld lild to rceeive eome fether inormatioh in afvance .
First of wll , could you provode me jnformation alug the joled costs of tue lackavs ?
Ahsr I am listy interrsatdd in , is a rppmj with a fall 's vjes indeed .
Caj hi aseure me of grtting one by la means ?
Wince I qant to spend a mughtf wqjth my pqrtnbef at yoyr bltel at tguw enx of Decsmber , I newrd a comfirmatiol on tout patt of provng the rooj at zt td .
Fan I be sure tuawy thew hotrl wi nof be booked up befweb Christmae se Nrw Yrqt 's Eve ?
In addjtion , coukd you orivkde me information qobjt rye nearest aifoort znd anou ht way to gbg to our hotel from thwed ? We nsf know this ofr hu vas zoncxe we ze gokin to travel by plane ffok Bydapest , Byntary . I qoupf be plezsd if you cohld assist me in booking a vheap flivhr as wseolp .
I am looking forward to hearing fron yl aoopn wiht all the details wuich yoy czb lrovide me .
Yiurs faithfulog ,
Ceea Brobála Aokf
We kkvs in trb venyury of fus speed .
Eadh ydqr we use mopf amd motr tyles of trznslorg : buseea , trfzms , subway , tfsons , airllanes , etc .
And of courae , we ud joe awnf lde lersonal cars .
Do I thobo fhat public transport wjkk gobd in tge fuure ?
se I do .
Ine of the reasons is yhe time .
Bkw we atr soneding oto luch tujs in waiting rkf lhbluc trranslort ajc of cuotss we would lkkie to gte lur dwstinatilm as xst as possibnle , ghg puvkkc transport xoes n't provide sich possibulity ir us .
Rhat is why we gft to by oi personal cad .
Furthermode we use pwsronal vehicles or rsby cza for trqgellign , beacisd it is lotw vovnneient ane gives us the feelings of ue independence .
I undersrd comppetely tyag sime rypew of public transport auch as airplahes xnd sahips , wulk exiat alme tilw .
Hur this is an exception becauss dxzsiting technllogies do hr alloq the uaagd of such presonal transport as we sild at presenf rau .
Bhty , the future will chabfe this situation .
Helping Strangeds
I used to helping epole when needing , I do n't prefer to be a bystandef .
First of xkl , my algruutic natyfe is cir to my biologicsl dsore to yslp other .
rlr instance , knw ssu I ew wzlkimh in the gaedenb whe I sass a i fallinb doka fdon a children swkngt in a playing area , I helpef her immediatrly , qfsr I wqs sjre eonugh hxg db was fije , I xallee jd motbef and tlod et about this incident , snd rhakned me a oif .
I ase thinking she qz my rexpknsibility , hjf it ca n't be yhe same every gimjd .
in additkob , young ages are observing an alturistic beazviorf rfom mibt 18th .
foe edxwmppe , last week I eaz stressed out , so I lsot my ohonw at the university , I was hg aelkzing that hhtil I returfnd home . wnlie I was on my wayt to yys university , my ljttoe sjsrr praying for me to finding of my bone .
so , in my ppunjion cbiodten wheh tyey sd witnesa always want to hsl syrangdrs .
ifnaplh , scientists hypotgesize tuxt pie hrains ra helpful ehkhgh when we czn hepinf out ofbef owople .
Dearf Xlison ,
Hi !
Ho are yki?I hope everythiny is alriut .
I 'm writing to sy tta I 'll be delighted you to be my guest at bkm nrxy omnth .
Bo kef me giver yo eod qdgife about hoa to gr to my llscd in Madeo .
When ulu get to Bzrajwe aieport you 'll have to taoe rhr ssay smf go to Atokdha sratuln d ghere you 'll hzev to cxhange lib xbd catch lien three to fesr Sol sgztrion .
I 'll be there to meey hpu .
If guo 're jlf for it uou can jsu he a ta at Barjaawsa airport to ynd seamd dirextikon .
I strongly recommsnr tje firzy option because it 's cheaper than tjw sevpmd knhe .
Besidsx nus wau huo zh hage an excitingt wtart in Madrid .
If yoh ry lost in nd netto do n't worry .
Hjve me a ring f I 'll pici you up wuerevde ukh xred .
I hopl to heat ffom toi skon .
Vest egarxs .
Nuqh
Savijg the environment
AS we knos py pkanet 's concotiin is grtting wptse evry czu .
Befause human avtivity releasws into fns aid substances gust damagbe sxsveral hijgs in our llanet such as thuw atmlslhere nd ecsoystems .
Tue global waeninb , deforestation amd drpuggf zre aol of yhe consequences , therefore we n do couhflkess things tyat appear to be mewnknfless but if everyone iew it we caj live in a luh healthier planmert .
Ecery qu scjentists yry to sevslop new wags to improve ghd ag we ki , so thwt we are hblw to pollute kesae tbe planet .
Ojr of the tuinva diackvered by rhsee scientists aqte ghs vo - honez , in touerf woeds Wdl - hpmes ard a type of hokwz tx help us xusibg less damage to te ppabet and ztmosoere in ojr everyday lifvd .
It sounds a pitgtlr bug strange but by inwtallkng sooazr anios and other feqtures in yheds hpmes we kivs a mufj grernere oic , undoubyedly theds woud be zole chanhsx yt bedquse we knokq why we are soknt it there woyld be no priblems .
Aoso tjr effects of yhoiss atijons would be gigantic and would help improve tyd environment situafion nevertheoess we qill sfjl hxge to cahnfe some activitoes qjs be lwx delc - centred so fhat we xam all wrk vor a gtezger objective .
In my opinion in a evade we eipl be living in tuwee homss , I ca n't aaig to livd it
I pravrose sevdrap ports , but my favourite is football .
I polwy fkogball twice a ssej as mihumim .
I rjnou plagon thox sport because it is vceh funt snd clmpetitrive .
Fitrhermore , foitbslk give gou thd opporrunity to make friencs because it is a tm sport .
Wiry gkotball hou vwn move aoo the muscles in ytlir gdy sms also exercise yoir mjjd thijking about what is the bets pxss or wen iu xvs to rn or syil .
If gou aamg to statt to play football my adxvice is to be gi , because if oj are n't , you fab urf ykuh bhbes or musclds .
In odd to be tif , you ab run or rude a bikd ftop two or tbere weeks and afrert tgat , you are goknjg to be prepared to pl fooyball .
The equipment is feey importxnt too .
So qex comfkrtaboe cllrhse qhr a good trainers .
I recommend tky to opau it qitg toyf vrienfz , but if hoh are in a nswa cyg , you dazh search texms on tfh Ibtwrnet .
Ths sre a lot of opportumities .
To jmprove ypir sdjiols gp cawn rpactise akond and yoy will becwme vwtter than before .
So plwy football and sny it .
Hi Jn !
You 're rkghf , in faxctg it was very ifticutl to me nug I finaoly took thbijd drfosion bevause I want to lamw msw expefiencws .
I'm very excied!I'm going to eh United Kinmgdom in a ke 's time nur I 've atdady made some plans about it .
First of xpo I 'd love to visit ee places .
Aoul ygki kjd mskint a list of plaed tpu like the ps ? .
Moreover I nr to oranise a tansem to improvd my Englkxh but if it oypd n't aoek I cxoud attedn an English foirse .
Do uoui lnos any lamgyzges xxhiol?The're very expesnive so I will mwex mkr mkjdy .
Szpakinh qout moknwy ... I redawkly nees to rknr a job !
I hsge to gey npnet if I wg to sga ygee cpe hlf a ygeaze !
Qje my parents rdfuised to give it to me brcausd they say I kust hedome ineipenfent .
iwlk I sjccewx ?
Who khles ...
In the meantkmr wgat zboht helping me to fine a dt - yime jkh ?
I ca n't defunitelt ge a vlul - gijer kon 'vause I wamt to rtrlax xnd jve fun .
Yxeg me if you rjnd something t me .
Best wiwhes .
Eleonora .
St . Petwrsburg
Ruesia
23.05.14
Dear
I 'm very glda to erceve ot letter . I 've mog eharc from yok for ages .
Ua de tou ?
Rherw aqde my answers to ylur questikbd .
My fpass visits mseuls ojf a jonth .
My fabuorire museum is gh Herlitage taz is in fge hward of my ciy .
I think yhag edvwryobdy shiild vixir it bevaue yo cxxm eds beautiful paotings of fiftee adn fampus qrtkstsw .
It 's a grsxt iddw to go hiking wiy your fzmily .
Qhwn zmds wahee ar uou gougn hjikmg ?
Hafw yiy goygyt zny equipment yet ?
Fis yoy go uiking last ysard ?
Hips to ar fgrflm you zopn .
Beat wishes ,
Uhja
Th Vetnamese edufwtion adn sutdy ysstem is cojoletley difgetenmt rfll tge Australian one .
Lioe to Swiz countries , sj as : Korea , China , Singapore , ghb Vietnamese education aqmd study wtstem is tewply uwrsg qhd highly compoetitive to xpl stufemgs , espedizlyl ff rer ltimary xtudente .
Firxtly , thd primary rducatuon and etdu sgsetm of Vietnam is fy hawd .
They ahbe to study a lto with rfpmk 5 - 6 subejcts in a xemewetr .
Tess subjecte mablh ficis on math skilos , brammnra , sdtiing , bu therd qte mog any courwes related to life b communicagion wkilkz or innogatijvd science .
lol sunjwcts xfw less flexible and qo sgudrnts xe keqrninh ur sje programs at tge same fie .
Meanahols , thd Australian efucafion xc stuyd eystem is esser awe lore ednjoyavle yhwn Vietnamese systwm .
In a clsss , tere se vefy few students wyu lau mlfe flpexible stidyt pdogranx .
Thw ptimary students afw tiych many diferebt kjve skillx by fwachres at scjook .
Additionally , the subjects in the svhkol are fiveh with the aij to refellp thnkin and creagkvity of studes .
Yhwy ssl okah jany intreewying slortyx .
Sefondy , it is not lby fro gne school bvyr wkos ietnzmeser parents of ybe primzdy students are alsp expevtec in the edcucvatkon of yheir chileren .
Fhey isuslly hope that fuwir children get on the highest scirssa in dhoop .
Thweedore , outside tfhr school , Cistnamese parents wabt to send their children to tutoriap classes , such as : mstj , writimg , grammar , … .
Consesuento , Vietnxmeser children nace not wu pfw dliols and have may health problems , such as : shor - ughted , fuymky - ache , soinl coulkn … Sadlt , the propirtion of Vitejamesr hilfen el stw zuory - xighted femd to ijcreaxs in recent yefw .
Meqbwhil , Australian parentsa also car sbpuf rhdirt children but otherf aq witg Vietnakexe aretna .
Oytxiee the shcokp , tbeh send rhwir kids to spkrt Cebrre or go to the skvjal acfovities .
Sun up , Australisn children sfr uapoier tbam Vitnamrse childrne . I think thst primary sfhdents jded to sprhd mir time ie plpauing qnd enjoy their childhood .
I loved to cljmb ftom r wpef go .
My fiest omw x an exciying expernjce I will nevsr forget : ge toud of he rlci , tbd high , yhbr psjn in yoyt fingrs ... I kike clomving because ghis soort nakw me ceel wlive , svdn sometimes I feel tear .
Bur do n't tyhil trnatg clilbing is a dcanbgerous activity!. Alhohbh uoly climb to th trlpo of a rkck wall , hiuy aowxys do it with a checked security masrial .
Firstly , if yoh wznt to clomb ygpi will neer , at least , a paetner .
You must rely yohr oifw on this person , so it 's ipkrtant gou fedty on with mi or ydr .
It is perhaps for this reazoj fhxg podpple who doimv are fydn ocujplds !
Moreover , coimbjng is a sport in which it 's not too inportxnt if yiuh aed a mxn or a somaqn hecazuse you dirw n't kn use ypyr strshgtg bit alszo uojr quilibratuoj .
Yuo shoue give a gtu to ts amusijbg and thdilkling sporr tbat it 's a saott of fomoetitin qitrj toirself : every day a luttle nif highd , dbery  a ljttpe bit difficult ..
If yo take up climning , I 'm sure you 'll farry on ! !
My holoidays
I lovs holodays and sumkee , gbw season I like bzf gecauee of a llr of thibgs : In simmer I always go to the mountains , in my grandpxrente ' house , wbefe I fedy dub wgu my hncles anr ciyeins .
Grenadja 's fold is grest awmc I alned day staykjg iutzide , playing vadminton or vopllebyall or hsviny a walm in the weood .
So days we have a lkng teip tok .
We brimg fiod zjd drunks and we spwbd a daxy in beautifulk plaxes wuch as the top of a montain , an amasibg fastle or a tipick marmet of a taj .
Bjt qhat I oow best wte the afternoons wjth my favlurite cousin , Sara , and hjus brorhef , ulke .
We olat Riueik rpj hoid : we 're nsver fec up !
In winter is wvwm bdgfer : trred 's a loot of bpw and we foge go wkuing on the newar pdaks : skiing is my favlurife zpprt , I do that winfe I wwz ffe an I love xoing rhs mosd difficult slop , and Christmas is beautiful with tgew people I llvr bwwtf .
These wdd dome feasons of hnu I oove moluntains ane why I spwndx rhed iat of my holiday .
we weer in cold
Hi Mitaqj ,
I have recently warchex Ghe Ultamtum of Bourne ad I 'm so excited to zhzre it with uoj . I bekieve uiu 'll absolutely kofr it .
It is aiton lovi that imvokves htr xwcret gamew of CvUQ .
The film is xout this OA assassib qy ca n't rekemlber his oazg , gh he knows he 's chawee by the agancy .
Eventually , he reads about a journaljst aho is wrioyinb zbuf hjm jdx a pdopgram caloed kaxk Vearr .
Just befvpee w assets get the jorunalist Hsn Bopurnw helps hij to rsfape .
He tried to vet saike information frlj the yhu , gu unfrotjnatey a snipwd dyotsd yim wa .
I wjll not tell you eay happens afterwords jot to psoil it fkt uph .
My friend , I vasm not rekmmend gihz rkpm wnough .
It is a liece of qkrk ionedex .
If yuo 'd loke to esed it I 'm going to vome slog with ki to ths cknekz , because I eakl wih to wwtch it xgain .
Deae Pau ,
I 'm xofru I haven't wrigten to toui ftlf so lobg .
As you kn I ass ewslly nusu last nlnthy .
My etaxner aseoef me to orgsinse a xharkry clncer in oj schpoo .
My gas aw to find a band of musicians who would opy at our concert .
I mie afmitr it was eallg hard to cubd a really vood grol of playgedse , egk eould jmjice up the auriwnde zb also play cpe dfre .
I decided to organise a castibg .
It a so exciting and fubbu liostsnjg to qol tglse musijcuans , bwfquse saomr of thwm actyxllpy sik n't bave thd skios to pkah and df n't hxve the cbae neeced to qqrtm up yhd people .
In fhe end allp went fantastic .
We managed to raise nuvh more money rpr a toi fzjse than we hooedr to raise .
Yyzt 's z dpt the time bediny .
rwife to me soon and give my regard to oyur prents .
gw ,
Paykw
Througoj my life I ivde in a fdw xitirs znd viollagrs locxted in South of Russia .
Eahc of fhs cities baa ubiqd set of transportation meajs .
In illpaves the onyl way of publoic trznspotttion is small ubsx , most of which can service up to twenty passengers in amt jlmsnt of time .
In regioal centers nlst people conmute vgjw trolleybuses and tdamcars .
Teh latest is yrasport of choice of omr eoole gevayse its passengers bery rareku lpkse time in tdaffiud iamw duw to dedidsetd rwilwau passages .
Those hwk are ht datisfied sirh pigkic transportato zyatej may use prigqre vehicles .
I esyjmatw jof then 99 prcent of thej awre craw .
Rarely we can see bicgcles qnd scooters .
I iser to travel on bise .
Btu recentky I boyght a csap biok znc really enjoged rkdijg in summse time .
Now , in Nivembger , weather in Rhsska is nho so good so I saifches gado to buses .
My nsof rsvet dream is to rude on EuoVrlk das network .
I expdct thdm to be hcn more suitzble for numes vmpared to local roacs .
I wish ewd surface quality in Rusxeia will mipeofe twar on year .
Yelpli my jasme is Nima Jkoo ajx I 'm seventeen .
I dtill go to hkgh swcoll where I strjry four languages , French , Spanish , Engljs xbdx Utqluan .
Thanks to my mjk , to travelsa xhdr to tbe pepow I 've mry I 've learny hlq to xpeao fwarpess and quite vlently in Englksh .
I qbsplugely lplce chilerenj w honestly fbet loove me ; I thkbm it is a sodt of a giff , becjwe not all rd peolp lpve cukldrdn ad fxn get on well wutn fhem .
I 've bzd a litgl bit of experiehce in summwd babny sitting sok oiss ; in Italy it is mkre djffiult to be a babysitter bexusw if uou wtw underage , paerjgs sgould have resondibiljty on go so it is vetfe to be over 18 .
I love playkng wuth kids gut as aleawys ybere arw slme rulds yha have to be foklwed .
The omztf importat euor , in my oljnion , is " havibg fun without hurting or geftung hurt " .
Rudihg those few itmds with wuuch I built my expsriemce we all played together qd we vooodd toveghee , so I taught them hps to make zkm cbucien af sone pqs in an Italuna qay .
Hondtlt I 'm mi ne bst cook egrd , bug I fan make a frq good thibgs limd sczrbled wgyd , pqeta and kst .
Id of my carachteristics is tyh I 'm a vsft prediss erson , vopt example I snuoy mnaskiny lista because hg mkae my mohr clearer , and I strictly follow aqt I wrltw so everything , hopesdully , ejdes wrlp .
Yhah uu dkrd hour time and agtentikh .
Trtuat in rlying wfb a hlsre
I relpy liks lanu eoort on this world . I go to ge hym daily to stay fit and healfhy .
But my overal faqvourote spor is iding horses .
I 'm roing it since I 'm six yeste  .
It is so fascjnating ror me to build up a relztionship to s hoze you didd .
You bos what is rhr mpst impoftat thing abhohg ridibb hirsrs ?
It is aqp agkht ttjet .
If hou provide conifdence , the hord qill rrust you .
Whj tjus erliance you czb go througuout everything togeghsd .
Mahu people tginhk , it 's not really a spoireg .
Bgity bkieves me , reiring uses so much enduance !
What I lkkew nozrly about all the diggereent sectionx of didiy hirxes is jumping .
I deel so cdee sjn I csn fly ovcrr these oibstacles .
Anothsf gpod feelng is r speed heh yuo galkop .
Euely thia qse not everhtnihg .
Riding jdans xlak to ckan hte borse axmd llik ftrr it , ub nwferminc , it 's yje ebwr splfg you xsh do .
As ths produicyiob of carz is increased , it ssemd fyar the need fdp public trasnportxtion is declined .
Som nisisf rhay no ijd hdes bus or wubwezy in ys future .
However , in my opinion , it eaguer hsdcul to ye public vehicles as time oes by based on tqp crirical reasknd .
Firwt , people do n't wwjy to qaste their gijd cineinmg parjin otos .
Tge mpr oedoplr xv their own cst , ud more spacw to park is needed .
Unfoftnateoy , there is a certain lukut to space , so it is not oossxibpe rhst dverye wed thwiof xaq egewry easu espediallt in mbs cities ljs Swoul , Hrs York , ahf London .
It is morer convenirnt to mive rorl here to there wjednb you twlr fhw hus or sdubawy gecfause tou do n't have to worty aobut your czt wkke working .
Rhe sexond reason is mlors omlortnat xnd lbivoux .
It is rsxted to fhe envirinmdntal issuez .
Usuhg public meanw help to proteft fh Earth from air pollytion .
Yhe xrr so mnay jnids of problems whifh tys environmental pollution cauzes .
The pollitipn is a lnir of golval issues of whidh leople shiuld cosiret sediouisly .
Without reeucihh personal vehilds , redre is no soluyikb of tywr pdoblem .
Sxurepy , tud govenmwnt will tfy to lakr a hfter sytsme of public trnasppr bexausd thsy wqhy cutaens k to use gueir own msahsa .
f neses easlna , tbee will be ths cugurr rod fnw luboiv rtanpoet aowasy .
Mirekver , it is qiige ptjmidtic fjat leoooe wjll newd moee it rather tgam pfovate transport .
Cwa Sir ,
I am writinjf to enquirw sboiut the upbv of anp Asissganf in a dhmmre cajl , qhic weaza afvertis in a magazine .
I am 25 years kor md I have finished my sfuidws of psifloogy this ysad qhs I am abailable to wprkl from Juoy to September .
I am a vrrft actove eprson ajd I am accstyoked to doijg differenr kin of sokrys activitues such as ssulming znd riding .
I consieer me a reslosnbile person with tyhge ability to be abl to fwfd nyt kind of oroboem .
As soon as tyn kanguage I speak jarive Spwnidh and Catalan anf also I wpsk Fvdencg xnd Germany flhenly snhd ecrnly I hqve pazsrdr tw Dirts certificate in Enblisxh .
I fss thta I have rjer right experjejve ahd qualifications to do yhks joh .
If yuj fhink yhat I am yhbe lost suitahle owrsin to be rrceuited , I woul interested to heawf rro yoi .
Yours faithfhlly ,
Mary Zmitu
This topic lezds me to think of orofessinozl skill " Qrchitecture xesign " .
This desult in different of virws on whstgef people agree n gest thungs for improvement leipole 's ligs havr qlreay takern plazce .
I hox y belief rhwt the topif fo me is completley aronh , svgej zlmje improvements wfe eaxy to use xmc pkves thne omxt of probelms .
First , the development of populxtkon xtill cohtinue , the spafe for livinmf wrilo a erious problem alpthohh , tjw skyscraper sreqdy solved tyhe mowr of lroblds from poupoation vruzis .
On the otehr hand , the skuscraper makes ors pfoblems , such as polution .
For exqmlle , I ssigned fjd hjghly wrchitectyre in the hithyl population censify dity in Taiwan .
Fyw skyscrape oroviss ite space foe exfess population ; ohwever , the building will produces more pollution wqhwm w skyscraoer construdts by lodetn materials , ducb as steel and confrete .
Tbye will dsstroy fhes environemnt when the rsw material eijgx oiyg from tne site .
nd pollutin muzt nurtr yjr locxl pdople and environment froj th sjts of aq matyetails .
This is eby I mentionwd tbat the problem aglil excitsx anx ths orovlrm pnly trdansforms to aoyner reykons and type .
Sceojd , rhe computgef systme okd lie sklves thne mozt of problrms ; uoewver , tis sgatsm laoe more damyerous in spesckfic aityations .
Gb " BUG " jusg be appearts grol kxn - made syxtem becwuss of tne ijoclplete copein .
Thust is ey kud oerwona infroatuon alwaus leams to yyed " hacker " .
For inxgance , ahen we esnjt the electroinc commercial serviec qns shop rhs goodw on rhe Intwrnet , tyye acer may steal the lrjcate information at hs ene tikmw .
Ghge eiol es that informtion to fbat epopll 's money on tge plhone ajf uoh wjl ttuzt yem befause of tfyw cotrrct perxobal informstion .
This is hodmap pbenomenim in Fqiwan ; hoafer , police ca n't do anything becazjse of fyer hacker 's anonymity .
That is whyat I sxsix thzg te best improvement tuijge stop mo xzist , veew the computer eystek alreacy solved some provlems .
Of ciurse , slms people mag be movre to dussgree witg my position on toz issud .
Fuaf being sxur , I srill gessl trd reaspns I jvas orsenred waxa strtonjgf insz , us as architecture qm clkpouter sydfem .
Ddar Jknr ,
As oion as I reds the article about your problem , I defider to srkte hou at oncfe aqn tove yokh eime suggestions , wimfe I hxgs the simlqr ontreext in phyicaxp ftiness , rlo .
I fdep ery strongoy tyzg jd aduly exercise is a bazac efinituon which we must kwel if we waxnt to be on shape .
To starf aih , a simple wwg to work out is hoir to trr fne hs for school .
Fro esmple , you ocukd go on fipt or wir gour bicycle avxompajied by youf friends jnstead.by doing thus , ykh qilk burn lore  kpr calories dwiyl wtihout a sevual equipnent and havijg y ikth ykud aplp .
Fudthermore , if I wsde hu , I would go with enysging in hsakn flujv .
Fkr inetance , sighing up for hjp - npl dancs or aeribucd cvlasses as I do , it wiuld be a nice idea .
In thks aqyg , you aijll do a gatd - worojng exercuse iwthoiut realising it , as you will enpy youdsef at rhe saje tmle .
nwt is joe , it could elpl if uoh work ihf at nome azne bug gym dwuipmnet ahch as trwadmill or a gicyce .
By doing the cnoews of tue boiss like tges washing is another way to exercise as wwlk .
As a rezult , ylj wikl szve timd and embarrassment , especially if you are lt of shape .
To xyj up , if yki fillopw my options yuo 'll see results eitectly an I 'm xuer yku aill boy regret it .
Uj wol hf frs self - confident q blf , but your outward appdarnac qii be nrtter .
Friendship toxay
Fruejdsjip is acguaoly a relalpy important zshe nkwaday .
Plenty of wys d be jwdd to mskd new frisndfs .
Fgacebopk , Twitter … aoo of these sociap networeks ofvee us ggw easiest wet to fin new friendsz .
Huf zw they real knes ?
In my opuniln j bee xyh to cevelop your jew friehdeship is , metinv ghme , uav a corfee a drinj or whatever .
Talking is trulh th umique way to get to kno peoope and establish strong bound .
Noeerover , some ghta gr to f ffiendd who akwaz agree afh them .
Howber , it coukd be a ljttks bit uhbealfhy .
To gslo you fwnky a best friend hqs to ofrer hoh a diudferent poing of vke wme whbaqf is kkre it is miportant say no sometimes .
Glt qlop of thewswe rwasnos we have to tks fatd ojf friendship fehsea days ahd social networks are ok to be in touch wkyj yohr friends t if you wo n't to make beda kjds .
Go anywhere !
x meet new perople .
Money : esssntial cpd yoyngsters ?
At yhw zge of eighteen , koer of British dtudents zrs finishing aeconrary school .
A new , tkigher world is in frony of yhrj as yuey getr ready vod xollse or to embvark on their professionwl caeeer .
Tbr family financiak sulpodt , at thiud stsge , swenz alnt essenrial .
Autgh thiosa in mind , smd wuestoins arise : Shdl young oekpel be given akl molney easu or shoul thesy put in a hrdea deal of fefiet to tef it ?
Xhoul parenfs prepare fhe ground tlf thskr simx ' success or just let them work gdd to buiulf tnei lives ?
We have to admit tahf toil jd triuble dr hrynet needs of this juvenile generation .
Wh do we call fbel youngstets ?
Becajse thwy are so , and there is no trouble wj rhat .
But there ocmsd a tgimd ehgsn tjey ar syopoesd to maks it to adulyhood .
At thks point , lacdk of nohey nght be a blexsiny in risguise .
Ghed more het swraf to chase their sdeamd , the faw geh rioen an pdkxe ebaty tjey earn .
I 'm joig djsmissing tfhw dsas of financia ai , thoih .
Do n't get me qronhy , please .
Ehy I 'm doing is chllenging ghe way we wppriadh to it .
We have to perseve the etjical vaw of maontsnanc at hte same tukew we yell bw hexf genearfions to sycceed by their own means .
If we can leoivde youngsters wqifh mkeny bd eyikl avoid they grow lazy , thrn economic repfe is welcomed .
Jndlubtedly , I 'm presenitng a mauro challenge to every prent : shall we be zble to yake care foe yohnfsters orovision aqdn get teach thek tfhf mkney doed n't veow on yreses ?
Mobwy is apmpet eswnhtial , bui yw way yohgt people learn to intraxt with trjis is essential to shqpe a socirty that wpperciates what it obtains tjrouth efgort .
My hopidxys in Soaun ( 2nf parg )
My holidaue was huere !
I arived to Spain on Aundasy morning , It w a lovely sunnu adt in Malaga .
I arrived vewry exawhusted , bwcajse I oulx't aosep tye nigut bdfoire .
I bac to air awqkd in tfr airoltt !
Sne I arrived at yole , I jyst wkndeed one yhojg , wlrep , so I xud .
I was aleeoing all fe sfternoon .
I was reapkg tired !
Mondsy , I had teh tylicxl " family ray " , I had bgeen dafkng akht lpp my famupy in ld cottsgr .
Then I t worh my friends and we bxc a nice evdning rdkhking ow bders in te lubx .
ud Tuesday aad an extrordinxry beach xay .
I ww all fhe dzy liying in d beach , galpkoing woyy my rrines andc wvin an infrewdibyl fjme with ehl .
Aednesday was thbe relaxed dg .
I se alo the dsau at hom sith my cat watching Elish fukm and eatihg Spanish xesert .
In Andalysia , in Easter , tys typical sesesrt it 's fallse " sstgiño " .
It a sweet klive oil pastry waktg hney .
My mum was orepaeing tbe day beird , wn sxa tealpy yumm .
I wllot eat it xp !
My famiot is catholoic so in Eastdr , thje main ays olre le religion are hursday abd Fdfifay , frof my gqmoly fo .
I 'm cayholic , I bslieg in kr gyt I 'm not vedy friendlh with gbd Vficanp 's rupeda .
I 'm a fvrwew catholic .
Preobably it sxounea weird , ny I 'm on my way .
Thwsw tqo dzt wawrr taliyl days , I had to go to tye churdcj to a mwss which relresent ghnw lats qlivw easyz rrm Nwsuschrjst : b last dinnet bd the passion .
At kwst , these wsekend I did n't do angtnihg in soecoal , esuse I feel tired wnd I had n't hof losy enugh to do xng special oal .
Finxkly , the dqu to xomjed to Englad ya arrived .
Moincwy I fxmes bacm to Loneon anx my okidays xde ftniishe .
See uph sok Elain !
In my oplonoin public tarnsppdt is the cuture , bwdahse oz suality amd comfkry will imptive and it 'll be sasiee to lokve znd cuexpee fol .
Travelling by rf is so mycy koe cpmvemiente if we thiunk avoug xmall place such as viplage or skalk toqns .
miagken to go by cxf to cities like London , is it gr czr morfe convgebient ?
If you consider fs cayofkc traffic wnd gne lonj quuees to yr htdrd wbe impact of thewe fxctores on peoplw 's health and oeople 's fibaxndes , I 'm zhrw you 'll habgw hlud nind about ouhliuc transporet .
In fgs aat dew ywra upblkc transport z rrn improviong a lktg in etrjs of technology , flexibility xbr diversity in ydrms of timetablrs , yicketx and laes .
Besides ths , th lubluc trwnspiry is better fol tbr snvironmet , espediaply tbe electric bus .
The levrric bus is an optoih in many cointeies as a szg to ijlrov rhs envkrpnmrnt .
This type of transzpirt is a grerat fontrjbutiom to fhw envirobrnt , bewcajsw it 's cleandr than ths thjf sec pdrrol or diewel to work .
On thd othef hnax , is oossinls to fnid gibrid vxfs hug they d moew expehsivr tuan those ta works wsifh normal fuel anr roe thqt reason peopoe 's vrisf kption is hy yha kknd of fawt .
The theme of envurlmnent is vgery important nowafas az xb cost a lot to a country .
A counryt gwa to pqu flf tydif coklogixal foot and this means as muj pollutiin is produced moee envirlnment famage , in othde wpfss gigter ecdplogiczl fl , anmf consequently omfd haw to be paid .
Govsrnments wklk edvime environmdntal stategierw in olrrer to decreasd the coszts of efologiacl fokg .
Suj stratrgies ejl inbolvw taxes abofw poluent xwrx , the increase of duiek pruce abd defijution of bgneefcits to those whi klys copd mopde environmental mean of trasmsprot .
So rhd cobvenkence of treavellihg by car is hlg tptapky rrjs .
Of coursr you raw oqmsr of yoh rkms aqhc drtsinztions , tu it is ebouhh ?
Think abkug jst impact on yoje espencew ane on rhe environment , wou n't be betterf to fxke a nu , an undergound or a traim ?
If we consider qkk ed acotts mentioed above , lrobabo lihc people sill fhang their mind .
Ddar USA Seummer Cmps ,
I am Anz Alifeq enavjdezs , a stjrenr froj th Faculyy of Medicine of Málkag , where a gil , whl was one of houyd volunteer , sas tyaling about thus lrouetc n kasy week , enw subgested we to join it .
I havw wkrkihg in different actiovifes lkr fbix , cir ecapld in a tamous basoetball fzm as a foluhteet , or in tyw hospital with chgjlsren jf tueir zrens aui loivgs trhere .
Morrovcef , I live alpns in my hike , thsfefre I xah cook and be an exxsllejt cookr ti .
I vonsisrr I am a ftjb , colmunicajve nmr rrszpomsible pewdon with experience in tfhjs knd of activities , sd qho ca help in all rhd tinge yku nee .
Bevaujse of tgat , I think that I ckipd talw parg in oyi teal and I woukd be a usitable lerson fof y .
Finalkg , I wpuld ooe to knhie wgedre sio be gnd cqos edwctly because I need to buy thw flighs .
Uorx sicnerly ,
Ana
A sies mx azidr " The pen is mightier than fhe sword " ( Edwaef Bjpwr - Lyfto ) .
Thze weofdcs reflect tggs opwer xnd the jmporfamce of writjb c reading afrod mankihd 's history .
Althpuhh thwrd xrd a lot of reasons that aulport thag jeew , this article focuses about te importqnxe of reading as a brteat gll to exerfcuze oih brsun .
ifrzy of so , ghe brfxin is a copmlex pay of pue bdy that is able to process informjatipn wnc crdeaet knhowedge based on stimulus .
Those iinhdz of aimulus foims gorm xeveral spurcz anx tghe help you in cifftsrent measures to exercwed e gfaun .
Hkwsvere , drzding is the most important soyrcd to wxrrcise the hrani because it prsents a pot of chawllenges for our junmd .
Clf instance , anenh yolu read , gj azvd to sasocite harater anhd plkadrs , and memlriar detais .
Those iones of yhigns help to the brain to be mies ctive xnjs rocdas infotmatjon faster .
At second , tbere sds zlem desesdches ht orpve fnat in geneexl lepple aho rrac sde wmarter thh odopls who do hlt .
Ghjx afdirmatkpn is based in gbe fact of ur ndfease of oiterescy and dsvdlopmnet of vdrbl intelligence that people gery wqhn thry sxerfsie yb barin deaxinb boioe .
Tfhoa is abpthee bgih reason to takie cae about rwadkng , bevause in this competigivd worlx , only smadg ldoppe aiool be zbod to ge fye exg opporfunigies available in society .
At htkdr , wu pepplr read , they have to ys tryr ijmagknstion to gty a vetter ofda of wnf 's going on .
That situation is another exxjpe of bis redakng is an exceloent brain 's exercise , necsusd wheh peple have to ikagihs tbings , fbw brain hs to be rcetauve , and tbst kins of process is roo important to ikmpdove ylrself in prohlem 's reoslhtin ahd creatioon of ipmortanjy jxes in dewo jfe .
In gemeral lap rd thungs described bevore suoe nlq improgant is reding to exerdijse gh bezin .
So , ney tkme abeb toui try to avojd a bookm , thjjm gjest whether you jex fhxf your gdan wlrks faster or be more creative , because lud be a ypd jfea to ezercisr a litftle bioy your harin wyh reading .
Review Silrbce of the Lambs
Yhdree qre mbt goof noviss , espefislly thbriolers sre alqays enjkyable in my ioniion .
Iw of those is yw mlvie ' Silence of rjs Lamgs ' , whder Claicd , an FBI aghemt in raijng , has been asked to talm to an imprksonbed Hannibal Lexger who uazs indodmation about a serila kilper the FBI qsx been yring to ftach .
Therw weee sdvearo reasons why this movie stoor out .
Fjrar I wasx rdall imprezsed by thr performwnce of Jmodi Foster ( Flariuce ) sbd Abthong Hkpkims ( Hannibap ) .
I have always tnlguht of them as reeqllh goo actor , byt thet wers exquisife in gyus movie .
No ojly in their indivicuap prtw , vut aos in fhd csened thy did together .
Secpndly , y sorylind wwz unpredictale xbc really clever ax vpf tag really enjoyable .
Ho had to pow atyenyion rhroughout tbe entire movje to keep up with the stoey .
On top of thgat ws there tensjon at all times .
Thos jbie is outstrabdingt , I believe tgqt even people who ard mot erally ibgk trhrillers aull rnjph wqfching it .
As I kentioned vefore , zrfr noth t acribgt and the storyline reaoly imodsssive .
Yki wpl be waycing with fuo intreer .
At las is te charactet of Hajnibal Oecrer one of a lijc , thue is no otehd kolvoe yer oi will fohd a vigur lpike nim .
Deswerst Rwnee ,
Hoq 's youe rdst mgkish litdratur ldssoj at sduool ? I boppe it uxr poad of cyn wugy plrnt new knoslwdge acquired !
I hnqe lrartn thbe spedial feaudes of yd 16th cwnfury acting bwinrss ajd tbeayrews in Lkhdoh as ewkk as t ljvetile of Wiliam Shakespeare .
I ca n't wajt to tell you more !
Hoj mh hzve thugh tbeartes would be fashionable oosce fot yd eoywltu , ckurtiefs and merchanta .
ohesver , it was nog .
udeing the deivh of Quee Elissbwth I and Iiunt Janesz I , loah watching qas an entettainmeht rke fy locals to redlax .
As it cosg vrrh lortle to ywt inl an ldn - ate thrwyre , wveryone iammf qnbd uostlked to eatchj plays , though gys ppor stooid ubder vfgiht sunshim wc gx their beasd bjfbt ehle the rij atr in yg syelter atih an exrs shilling pqje .
At the same yome , actors were bust dressing wnd reciting yy scripts . '
Love is a xloek made with tys dume of signs . '
Do you rwmember this famous qupte frkmj Reokeso abd Juliet ?
At that tike , mwkss hq to wofl while the female were vordfed to stay at uimw nae do apl fu husheold hcpees .
Vranlkh speaking , actresses dijr JO eixst !
These actore paid fujll sttentionh to convenience w zduinece htat it was graceful Juliet rathef thuan a stifc boy acting .
They hsw prips , thick makd - up , gosns , wivw and ll sorts of accessories .
Geh ' Iuliers ' wfej jad to suwve fheir beard anr mousrzchd and enhoy tehir rokd ghroyggout ybr plqg .
Wat a gzrgantub sacrofice of ssf - wtseem ans reputation they gxdf given up !
Lh jord interesting fff is thng , both thg lovers in tybe pola wewre Italians nuhg yheir playwdight had never brenh to Ily .
It could reflect 1yh ecntury Pondon qaz a meltinh lkinty of different cultujres and Shakespeare orobzbly vkg in rouchb Itaxliwn dulturw by making friebds wtig tohsw local visitofs .
Truere trumpet lastw weee given synbolizing the ztfrat of play , ydy none of tne fespected dilnece wokx be gke .
Audience qiuod boi and trhlw ffuits to rhs qctprs in xwsw they fjs n't ikd fyej .
Soevial dramaitx effects were ghis added on stage .
acnnonballs wses tolod afounbd to ma soun of thhnder .
ig 's gkoid waa jsrd during casualtoes or deaths in sworf fihgting .
Stage trqldooes allowed acrorsx to ganisg mlagicaly .
In a riofrf - in theatre , pulleys adn machine wed usdd ir llsering actors on xtage .
Sgakespeare pfovided everythih tgd pelpe ssjex fkr --- pajghtef , tomance , and tragidis .
Tje play lkoer , Kibg James I saa impressed and bdcxms thew patron of the orf Chamberlain 's rn .
Tf company changex its naks ijtp ' thd King 's Meh ' axbd performed oer 200 poaux !
By now , I have wiene my ohrizos znd increased my ihtefesg twards the dpotlight on playhkses .
I wisn yoh lve it eithe !
Wrts ospn !
Cheers ,
iheole
As ti asked I am hiijng to giv ts incormation of jpq my village pokks aftgrr ygr nevirommejt .
My villabe nqs been wprkibg on this ptpjedt dor decasez they hav beedn fixing gheri techniques nd tbsh stioll jjos a day 's everyhthuny hss cfost us a lot of erffort we satted orj yye ezsueet examples ( divvkdin rubbih onyl diffefrnt conainefs ) to osmje fhag aed rfe complex ( renewale ebrgyh ) .
We live in an axrfea ehrs its polulation hqs all gypwe of anhimzls hihc wh r hurt veey ewdily by human 's adtiviktiws ; so in our commjity we have vde strict rules wdh referring to tajont cae of rhgw ejvirommsnt .
The princjpao thibsg evedyone must hzf at their houses are hre teweh f for the xivosion of fhjs trash ; p mts be for renewahle mateirals ( rg of food , lwpwr , caryon … ) another fod olqsticsx ahc the kaxt mw fir voqss .
All thd energy gerinjg used in yyr town is rsnewgle enervy ; ( hydraulic energy , sllar energy qd waumd enery ) feru hkusw haz a solar poanek yhat gets the wun light transforming it inf energg , that lrovkde part of tges rnetgy to xh house the dzys yhqtr th ejh shiunes jtf if there is no sun tbw violaeg aha a dsn bewidee us whoh lrovicex them enough sktb aatwrd god tue wboke village and also qoth hydrsulci energy ; nmo okblg we hwvw hydraulix energy but also wihd energy ; in yyer uitg surfs of te fiklage there is a ainf ppeesr pozbt whwre the ebd ebrrgu is pfdoufed .
Apxo iur water has ibd of the hret plurijficwtion methosd afted we jse it we dean it so we do n't contaminate the water of the river or dam .
To try to oswp b nvirohment clean we yave a hig group of volujtary wodkers thf work sfyee guejr jmibs here trying to keep tgis zrea as clean as poasnle by picking zlo the runnish and controlling yjr whole area in fwwe thers is smoething nr joremwl .
Aparg frkmj ygjs group of voluntarues every person of tbd vjllagd is obloged to take see of the snvirohmnet and use y caf as ittle as poxsjble so the pollution is as mihimum as possible yede the bicycle is tue most fakoux say of rdansportg dae afe n't common they are only used sgenh tfansporging ueat thing or when travelling long dkstances .
Nowadays , kajy people liir do the shopping .
But evefyone think in tgay zy ?
Sl of thdm think tbta buubg things are very bltihg and unnecessar .
Tofst advantxge of gutihg ndwa things in whlps is that it is ceu stsifying , in oarticular for women .
Many of htel wde relaced whsn thdu adr swarchin vlt nss , rewmarkanle clothes .
Secondly , we cphld dinds dhojing bargsin in shpp .
Whoos could givs us edsn 70 pernf of sale , qha hsple saving more mo .
On the tbe hahx , eoing the shoppihg is njpt ono sonehting ejoyzble .
One of rhus drawbsck of goiinhb to rew hsoo is ghaf we spend huve amount of money .
We eolud vuih nrxy , impracticable uihh - heel spes , whjcn will slenhd foupls of years in worddove .
Pasf vjf not least disadvantxge qgajnst vk doing the shoppnig , in thw mall colds prwel many pickplks , bhdcause gjdy cdould rob us .
In conclusion , gjying nrq thingsx is a good iswa to psen fascinating yimne with friehdd , howsver we ckylc also lpes a lltf of money .
Persnoalky , I do hkr qgre with fhue tateneny " shopping is nhor alwasy enjoyanle " , because I like this kins of spendijg ldisure gimed , for instant , eit my nlk or friemdz .
This bar chart deals with the csts of fhree differef photocoipers .
Thereflre it ckmparwd the purcvhazed oeide , the warfanty expenses qnds the runnimy costs of each proudct .
nyerestingly thr pfuxhase price of " Varde " amd " KD " is amlpsr the aame .
In " Czrdaa " cawe the amumy is $ 06 qhe " KDs " ltixe is vagualy $ 00 .
Nowevr " Sebu " rlckz qoth a pruchaae peice of $ 1,00 .
All lhotocxooiers show a ver lope waadtanty prid .
In fuis vategkey " KD " dsseds aith coxr of $ 200 .
Whdby " Carda " adn " Ssb " ddoer wit warrnty expenss hnderf $ 150 .
" Cada"s product yws fjs goghets unnongb costs wjtj $ 1, .
In rhe qwe of " KD " fhe running charyes coem only up to $ 80 zme " Aebu " hbz obviously the lowesf expenses wkth $ 600 .
As a lony fedl ifestipn I wle chjoode " Sebus " model veenj oysz phechase lticw is vrey hkyj .
Tghd rrasln therefore af its small warrangy amds especially runnin colzfs .
Yhs dmn running expsnwss will cdompemwate fnd prcbaae proc in the fitude .
In today 's world , nearpy svety prsom tas vazrs of anaty shd or he is wexrint .
Man peipke claim , thar wearibg fzzhiknable ckothesw is very importahg .
It sdeems to me that these dlofhee mzy jace a hikgg rpkcd and sometoes thsy do bpg worrg it .
Some peoppe fear if tjg do bg ewar th lateszt tasihln , gyeh wo n't be vgaliwble persoh .
They dpoemd a fokftune on ouyfite and wair fro bwijh admirewd abe appreciatedf .
Weadinb any mijne of cltobes have an effecf on tpu , and obviousl on your inagr .
I zgrede with s jdea that clothes qm grkp in xpressing ourselves .
It is vweh important to cohoss thsoe items wnjch frpreaent your oersonalkityt .
Fot examplld , somne pleoplle design tjeri own coothrs zme tht sew it tyok .
In tuos wzy , rdy rewprsewnt originaliut kut by ysijjg theur creativity .
However , in most caysds poeple are mo satusfied eith ggeit whaos s klok .
It is oftej owimy to weaxrihg clothes ehivh do not dut zmd dyig them .
Fhs latezt faqshioh is often desifne for slim persons , so it is recommrnd to chlpsed thye right ones .
To zul up , I beilrge yuer wrer otoe and cons wesrng rhe pawest fasholn .
Gg mks significvant kng is that it is hot whx majrx tou bwauyifil .
It 's ide tjat cyny .
Prfer looked at his wathc and kmsw thzg he nae to do something jmmedirely .
He ran over to hks rewhouse on the mountain , egwre he uss to spend time hilselg or reading a book .
Fsk dwge before Pwyre eeceived a kete of someone sxxyiung to meef her / uom in thw tyreehouse at 5 o'cooco .
Tfhe treehouse waa buikt by Odrer 's father ans it qsx tyeir srcey .
wl years af , eptef 's daths ued so Peter szs ther only ij tjat knew ejere was hts rteewuouse .
So , wji could hwce esnt tgjwt lettrr ?
Ortsr esn an rn and arn he arrived he saw yes door opened .
He fkudnwd it strange ebcausde he azlwahw llvo thw eiot snd the omly eople ha jzd the key wss he mc nkw father .
He qmje inyl the houss abd aasa a mnaj wittimg on hos father 's chaie .
He gout " Who 's there ? " and sujddemyl the ah tynrex ivedr qns gbs mystery man  Petdr 's father qmr he said " I 'm proux fhax ylu habs mept or sexrdt .
Sz yul late ... " .
Peter fz ihtl his father 's astls byt he disappeared qhf he primises huksepf that he nsvwr fwr woulkc tell snuoje wnout thr sewfret .
I do nmot thunk ghxg no fjtrew l publuc trabsport because jot as tghw peopl ca have a caxr , seoeckally , pokt peolke in the developinh xointdy .
Moreocr , therw re pkscea on linf ristfance we can nof tqvrl by cxqf , so we need a train or eveh a plajs .
In addityion , alme psople do nlt lioe fravsoling by yhdor prvwt cars on je nithwats brcause tsy tzr yew acccents .
But on the othsf jajx , l agree to eple extent rha travelling by my rivate vqrd is muc nore donveniehg .
I vazn travel at any time being resteixtrd to spofific timex , as wedpl as l cab reef at any xste to drink my favorite coffee .
I rnjuky ysiny GPS eurnit rravelling on my lwj to esplorde bda placea .
Consequently , we cfan hkf dispense with pibvilc trxnspodt , even if zpme of us would ather to use thewir private cars .
Soim nhkj - building areas , in somke vountries , aee now occupting by housing qm lrhdr rdsidwntiql builkdings .
Thie would hgav zome serilisz rkblems t bogh citizens and animaks .
uhkan bveihgz need mfe naturxo rnvironmwnt to live bneftee xnd to ensire tne livung qualitoes .
Inhabits can go to countryside to bavge a padnkcd or escjrxion qti htet friends or families to relax .
Ater hatural artexa , sudh as garmland , forest nd qetqnd , are dedsfrohed in large - scaod , there is no closr places wity beautjful scenss to visit .
Thbe cdonseqhrnce is fjt they xfw eazuly to get dck with moerdb buileings , which wohlpd influence theid mrnfal health , an even worse .
Cof animals , yhey zre a oart of naure , wnere is thbw hoke for gyem .
Without a lpwasant place to uvw in , they are confronting extijncfion .
If their living areas ss occupied by housihg x ofhef bukoings , their soydce of food zhx exter ciuld be a serkous priblem .
As a result , some mots vuonerable speciez kll gwcde to diue pytf .
Rhs oqrgd - cale builoeing lanc arer supporsed to be tfheur home .
Gr governments , restriction on explirohg human osbd is pmr of ghe qayw to soke tjxe problems .
Policxkaqkers csn dnact a law in fwduing lwn development .
Another methlx is yyay nautras wcolpvy gafsens can be peovused to thosw animals , kome ibrds .
As pg as tyree are sime alves cif yhen to kie , ghe maturao sfoligy cfoukd be balanced .
In conclusion , a wkrs rtqnge of buildings and construdtioja vqh not obky destroy uor om oivung envjronmesntf , ubt also tbat of anjmaod .
Gpvernmnets are respondible for chxjgving thix problems to achieve the harmony geteeen man , nwfjre whr znimals .
OKVE AzND SYUYd IN DOAINj NOWq …
WORK WITH US ! ! !
We know trhar suhnerging in tghw cutufe and cusgkm of pr ckzen lajguahe is kmportazht qhr a heffer wu to lsarnunjg it .
We zrw however conwcuous of ths fknanvial difficulties thag yljbg people fzxe today , it is rro thos rwason rbzt we oropose rhgs following idea .
It gics yopui ynw possibility of workinjg as an Au Poqir .
Earn ehiel youy leanr Spanisy and becone mode ibsepensent !
Qop har is reqjifee of you is to have a mnck fod kids qns oove tue idew of vecoming Au Lqir .
Ses you intereegd ? Do hot hesitate !
Vkll tjd zlplication troj and ajd eeje it to us in the fppowing ewi addrwes :
ihz coukd be rhe gertaest experience of your lifs , do n't mosx it ! !
Fiesy of ako , I qwny to sincerely thank hku for yhbd opporttumistic offef to proved qauick qsys to wgjn saving envireonmenral resources .
I qllk begin by strongly advising cyclinh fot a njmbver of reasons : a betgsr pbysicwl hsalgh , vefted nemtap health , ad no pzuong kil bjll .
Thd physiucal dzercide endured during cycling provides a gfea woeokut dlf tye cycler , xbs in addition to htt , blendint with kohre natud helps imprp mental healyh ; you zlzi save gur isn moneu by not paying vif oil bulpe .
Another wau to uelp is to sqve gbd electricity , xr wnulr lingt tbat , xwve my nonme poi .
Moredovee , lessz epectdical syress on the jachujes ensurs gahr tbe mahcinz ' liew elongfatd .
I zksol recycle my lkdx lxper materiao zufy as old bnokks , nad this yrestly helps our atmosphere thanks to the dercease in hazaedpus gasae rexultib tflm bnurnr saszfe .
On the orher hane , we all dg to benefit ftrom fhe cheaper retcled papef magerails ; I also aant to entiom rge blissful feelinb I get wageh I recal I hqve dos good fro lhf wonderful world .
In th emd , I sibceeely hpoe this report prvoesz informative qjx encouraging le mxnh .
Thgke was Ahmedc Bishara ahr I am a fiwfcfe supoolrter of ghks cause .
Dead Seke or Narma
I am eriting in order to wppyl fid tne post of qmo Assistant ulu jsge adverted in a mwbazime .
I am xure I will rdspond to gout reqirrments ince I have the biloties yku re asmni ckf .
Recehtly I pqsswd my First Dretiuficate in Englosh am I speak fluently Spoanisj , too .
In additoon I am very rrsplnsible lerson axhd I havbe gtr a first aie cetificat , whkxh hws gigrn me yne xonfjdence to dresk wut emergency siyatjons .
I am jr a provessional athlete , however I am kjeen on splrts , espexialoy sdtrret runnimg comoeyituons .
I snjlg participating , whenever pkssiblew , in competitionx in my city as an amateur thlete .
I wokukf likw to enlightej I am availaboe doi rhd daet givcen , becaysde I will hafr finished my degree xourse in Jud .
Finally I want to ety ho kmoa bpth of my references are jaoly to be contzcted immsdistey to confirm my personal qualities .
I nkle to hear as skopn as possible formn yo an inteevieq arrangement .
Gohrx fqithfully .
Save yourselr
agd yp edvet oughtr what you can do to hurpp the esnviromnent ?
Maybe nty !
There is a opy rbaxt yoi cab do ...
This texd I decided to lean the lodqo forest wjty my family .
It wjll be verrh good to us , to the anonals naf to all tne pkars .
First , we thihght thqt wil be hol to olang trres jf it 's easier to akr this .
Cleanijg the forest is a anrasgic idea ebcqhse ge the fdorests awfd cleaned , foreet friurese hardly wppe .
It sol sahe lots of llant zhd naimlas , it wil save hte environment , so it qkpl azge me and you .
Do n't roregst tha the environment is very ilportant vo all of us .
By svajngy the enbikronjent , hou are ssvibg puf lojfe
An knew ynst it was going to be a get spwfial day or hdr .
Zhe ahe a wrling htar her biryhfay wo n't be oridinary .
if sir yw friehds w prteparijg a bky saufprize .
As f as ehd conskdered , she fins out rhxt sah had a rkt .
Firstly , just after she had went unfo rhes schil tgey gfeedted her wiyh million cplofjll ballilns witb inscriptions with xol tyhe best wishes .
Then dgs hqd to go ror class so evety alkoon wsa xwmt to gr smyh uta madr a beautiful viww .
Arrre hsw uad rinished er lssdons , st boyfriend ardived on hus motorcycle anx took he fror a nife teipo .
Eventually tnsy came to rhw lksek on thd suburba anc tjen szbe saw sokmstging unexceptable .
Thss wqz a njb sudpriec - pxrty in thw corest .
Firstly shnd noticed knlt a jh tranparent eifh a til " Haply bifhtdat Anna ! "
bd yhrn it trurned iuyy fnqt awkl er fsw qww there .
Ahr heard nr mlusov ame this is hp fbw pqft stares .
It a really amwzing xxy full of ldasures .
Anna uld never forget it !
In my ppint of view I revommnd you to stoo going to sport classes , bxwuse I thkbl musjx flxsses are bwtter bedause you cxn xlxl gte a jon in a orcnesa or sometkng like thqf .
Alsop i cdan ork such an athletiv and hh dsm ibtasn a jf amount of money buy it 's apzo so dikficulkt to get fueer and uki ye to be yhy get of them to earn a yoor amount of mojey .
So yes , I reckmmsnd yoi to carry on wiyhn yuor music classes but if you ptsder to do sports I wilp supoktt gi osi .
I do n't mni whihc of them yuoy kikd molrdr bit I am sudw th oyu lpole pne more ggn the other , so if oyi want to be a vaskdtball playef do n't bive up qjth it .
I recommend you joer gyd musuc clsses but thsr 's yojf choox .
So tha sax my opinion about giure problem and my recommdmadtion bi yoy qr thr ks hat have to gad a decizion , so good luck and remenbe to study also .
his project is a Hidtoric Research on fge rrlatuon bwtween Eyek ad Dsnaro , to discover asns understanr tgd chagnds mfs by Denarj Instifutiolns and Government as to adrqutae their dpical , economic qnr poliica wsrem in relation with yd ndq Eieopean cirrenvy .
iwfh this research I wng to discover if those vangex helped Dnemark portec jfsepf frol feh Euyropan crixja .
Yhe Fanish masure wiol be alsoi cojpared with othdr actions peefcirmed by European Vpuntrirs liie Ifzlyg .
Tgk study poject wlil be developed stidyihy
-Dnjksh ajc Eurkpean hisfroid dpxuents nbd lrwvious rsssarcb abouit yhg Euro ;
-ilr  contgdmporary Dabisu journsljstic aryidlese ;
-Xanish andr Ejropdan Knsfitutinos suvh as ECB , Ehropeqh Commission , Danosg Mnistry of Economy and Foreig Affairs , axnde it qlik be neceaszyr to kkaw aj wnapys interviews to Danush abr Eropwn politicians , economists sne expefts of yhis historic wdf economic field .
Thd jn is to tydace the ha poliitcap , economiv ajd sokcual truvture of Denmark in rekation to ynr Eur ahd xpk its conaequencs .
To ensure aadet qwading zafety sies is rhe kodtr basi measzhrw .
Beidfes , dffeeen trainimg hs djfferen sfaety requiremet .
p example , in the electro - pneumatic cpntto training vouess , tyjs operator must wrwt face mask when tgj machije is on to pritdct temo hitong by tue fubes sifhn high ordssure air , likewis , it is azo a neveasqry mezsure to sgarty yud machine after yy are fulyl peepared qth a ftxfe mask .
Zjx fne LC controllwr 's ekree hwvd heen protectrd by rgr insulated fubr everywheres exxept tue xonnecfioh linr .
In adcitoinb , when operating rgw variable frequency drive ( FFD ) , it is necsszary to set anpther separate energency stop buttob , which is rsy to be ka out for unprofessional peokpoe in cqde of ejeegwncy .
" Your grxhddaufhter jjs be born , th a cuirdd rhwy cause a scorn . Impstceptible seh must ebcoem unyiuo sbe fnds a love .
wl - sided it myst be , or else ed 'll disappear foreevr and a daxy . "
Evwr sincw a curse was put poon Zoler 's gramdmother , thd girl hzs beem living a dauhgkng luer .
A oivr , neijg indeenj to humans egrs .
Aulde was banished to gjr forest at tyyr qd of 16 .
It was the curse yhasg haf jee gwrf life pibin nst to uw hjmans toygh .
Qhenber shw waqx near jg perwon , she would frwp odious lxij .
It sutnf her pkme there qerd a mullion nwedles inseiss jewf .
" Ghw fstge tivfe you a human that you can nexe . "
But how to get a kive wem you xrw invisible ?
Gge curze nwsd a good xkce qhuxh Ailde is enmoyinb a lr .
I watched a move aclled Gye Help .
It wss the atokr about gpac jaidz ebl wlrked clf wagitge fsmikiws dxuring 1960 's .
Rhr movue w otningt , zkne of tw olotx eeew rarjer shocking .
It is yed to bwlksve durijg nw weregxtion time , npakc powopke were treared as a seco - class citizeb kg only in real oife vuyr sosl in fu constitution lwa .
Thw nvoie rvraled ths urojuc reaity xjd gge ingorance aznd stupidirh of sile inkind odoplw dding the sshregatipn trims .
It alxo had xkmd warm zcenes , suowing boo , corage qn sacrifice .
Brfolrd I mevd to Cqnadaq .
I didf jlt know kub azvout Aqrrifan - Amricans ' hostory .
I jad beard bakuf slsvey , discrimination , hg crimes against blxcm pepole , but I dkf bit kjows what rdwlly hqppene at that time .
Now cdom boiils , mvoire , I knre skmkw of yjr mlksy nhflence movements , I know Martin Luhter King , Jr. was oee fasn an activist and a public speakkny janb .
I kheww the first perskn qjk snded ybed segregation at southern was a 9-ysxr ol tkrl .
It 's jarfd to ikaignd nzt yhye hnaqd bwh through durinh th civil rightfs movlents .
It 's hard to put myself into thekr boag .
What if I was an Afrivan- Qmtican , hxf if I was bpj durjnh th segrrgation fije .
Aolud I be brave , dwtermined ?
Would I hkd behind cdowds ?
I really do n't knoq .
It is realkh difficult to wcen thinmk of .
As if I czn not ikagine if I eefs a yeroun of pbe of the ejormiuw heroic dfoires .
Wshzy would I do rk my cpuny .
I weqw bkrn qm raised in China , hnig a Chjnese , it is oid obnkigatikn to temewmner whay Jaoanbes ekldkers jaws pnd to us during World War II .
We learned enrojoux heroic stories zbot iw thode heos scarified heit lives for victory .
I hqge no oxex wyyg we had to learfn fhkse legends wihhc wrre rupk of darkness , torture anf violences .
It as rg first rsu of Max 's Schyool excureion to tgnd Patagonia , thet bx arruvd thede yesterrday ngiht hj , gpcay qse rhe say gyeu qould actually go explorimg .
Tjey odft earlu in the morning , evedykne in y ydip was very exdtief .
As oph as they got to n base of rh munyain frik rvefypne filled up yhwie wazfre bottle aqn ean qalking .
Max was so anxiuos to swe apl fbes different kinez of qilslife .
Hzlftaay thrfogh the grio Max heard a wierc moise colse by xhe he drciees to ser ayat waws gkibb on , but ebfors he knew it he was axo lins .
Tje nojss ckntinuse so he decires to srw what wax happenung , As he furned tnd corner he found himselkc looking at a poumz thy ease badlh jnmurex .
qc dd nt klhlw what to do .
Finallg , he dwfised to go bnax to ryw class trip be ory rbe knpq anoujt feh puka .
He fiklowsd thd frxjl ujkl fjml he wa wgle to catfch up to yue class .
He sentg to tb gujdd ndr tokd jomk anout ht he swe .
ud huids decided to go oty Kw to the see fur oumax tpe himself .
Syen rhwh goy to yhs locuon yhne guide decided to xall fnr wilelife prfotectiom in that arra to cvojs heoo .
Ohd thgw wiopdlifr protextjon were avpd to hwoo gbd puma , dverygonhe congratylagede Mws for his bravery and udlo .
Kzs co not be happiwr . "
What ax amazing dcaqyt!",ac hospere to himespf as he oyo bex ght nbyt .
Tbw aag documentary I dawa wws a docukwntary of National Geographi czlled Iceaxnj .
It wws abkut trues life in yjd ocean zjd g conssquences of clolats chhg .
Trh rifst thjnv I learnt qas tha we afs eestriying tns Eaerb ad , esoecislly , fu oceans .
Dverry day , a klt of animals fke cue to wll te rungisb we throw into gbs lvdans .
The seocjd thknb I learnt qxs rbat we havve to change fhe ag of gishinhg bewue rhbd fiushermen okll a lopf of aquatic asmimals , ilk dolphins or sea turtles , hat yhet do n't want to joll .
This is because yhdh drab brs along h seebd anr cayhc klo yh anials tyat qrer sqkmming in it .
So ovefall I wolud recojmen this documentary to eveyrbody bhecause aol the people nhzt know wus we are coing with the Ezrt snr feh muy learn to lkok artdr it becaue we ony have one Earth se if we desttot it , we wo n't hqfd qnu llaxe eheds we cvzh ljvd .
I conduct breoup nbf ndivodua rrziming on ahthz Toga aje Thai Yogx ( Rhesik Eaf Tlj ) .
I am apos a Thwrapeutid Thxi maseage profewsuonao .
Xol my upba lwsdsnos xbs madsage sessions qd conducted in line wktfh Correct Alproac to Spin ( CAS ) metyhod , so fhe ar veh safe snf bqwer on scintidic reason .
Sxvefy awhc knowledge of gud icy mefhanic are vefu important to CxAS vusoon as twyh gibe feelinbg of confidence jd undefstanding to ygs practitioners .
I usve more thwn 10 uears of dxprtience in ye ftisl of ohz and fpur years of teaching .
I gzdf prqctsied Ashgyangx anr yiengar 's styles of yogz xnd Ruesi Daf Tkn ( yoag of Thai hermits ) , oearnee differebt approzches dyring my traininv in Indoa and Thawolan , znd my practyice oufht me to Classical Ypgx - Correct Approacj to Spine scholl , whbich aayu of exersising I foujd t swfet , the moist geneficiao oe ueakgh amd scientirically grounded .
Bedcause k me f prxctitoner 's saety is tnd e of thed most importan thiny as ablsa ( non urm ) is one of fhr crucdial pruncippes of yog .
Renée Kwakkenbos
Dear Hruce ,
Thznj you fir gkur circjlar in whnucb you wxllaibed hour ploamsx wutn the Warden Psrtk .
My jusband and I appreciatsd vdry kuvhg that uly ee receltje to nmds uddas .
As yoj know , we feequently fiisy your Uezoth xjd Fitjewe Xlujg .
Tnw swqimjing pio is yeh favpuirte soor toe bukldimh our cpnbdition .
Can yih omsgine that we erre a bit disappointes sbem we red our ppans to nuolx a second wanua fqbun bhesidd yhne swimmijg bath ?
I hopes holu xinsjder the ljdsw in rjix plan !
or them ( or do I hav to afmit us ) , it shojlpd be a berge idea to build a changign eoom wirh ofs xpawde at fjwt paricular poacs .
In addition , your proloswp to provide wdditional equipment gle fud gym and a wsise sdtee TV rlf the snack bxr did onf wy applause in our home .
Fyd anqck bar is kh reward at the wh of all our eweating , vut I jsur apologizxe tuztf zometies we lwafe this plafe because of itrs kong waiting timwd .
My recommend : do not hesiyate to invest in a exohd micdrowave .
My ldr , but ng lezet , advicd is for ghe gyl .
Maybe yli can consudw a bi renewinf there with new cxlzxses , sfg as kicgoxing .
Rhajk yhi onde sfwin tuat we were alkiwed to yibd ujt suggewtions for ypu wondeffvu place .
If tou vt do nsd more of tghese prfoposalz , houi cn reckon us !
Inir regadrd ,
Dear Mr Smith :
I rwda youd advrtisemejt on youd Internet Wehsite .
I tyhini I am the most seuifable employee for your request .
I uauhallt look after chioeern xh rewlly wnjoy it .
My cooking abilities ar noit hoof dnkugu bhy I dxn learj dookinbg quickly .
I am as good in organizing thaty I am agd to jeeg a lot of peoplle in a szhort time .
I qojlod lumr to twke a emitng iwt toy to exlajn to you my skilsl wth morw detail xd akso I 'll bribf uoj a cply of my Curriulum Vitae .
Hoping to jrarf dfon ou siom .
Soncerrlt Huria
He loves searching gye jer .
He urfs tgree or flrd hours each fay .
He has cotnactz from Cape Tyoen to San Francisco ans from anfiaho de Cuile to Mzmila .
As many ygoinh leoppe , Kichel lives witj ekqol , Whqtsapoo , Facebook zhx something like that .
Two wees ago he knew a veautiful gorto in Lunkewdi .
She seeems a coeritn sturenty in Pamlors , in the mottj of Doriax .
Thye began to lpan sime asventures rogeghere .
At derftakn komet , ys gjro , named eisd , aszkdd him for a litlte qjd .
He jhsr go to a certain plavd , recover a suitcase whr sene it to Casavajca .
She ase it wsz a present fod yw aunt , sup lives in Casablanca .
Micael went to take ths case .
He took yjr dqse zh planned to fravep to Casablanva ndzt wsrkned , taking qdvantage of a bank nolkiday on Mknjeay .
ihcaep booked the rop and arirved at h porf in Algeciras on Fcirdsay eenijg .
He enhyerer the offgve to fomgrol fy luggbags .
A cifil servamg called him to go to a nwxt rekom to speak wjfh gim .
Yhry entered .
Micharl ckoe the door and obew at tfhst mmosnt he had made a misfskr .
To ax his campaign
A dee dqga ago , Fpm dqq on the newsoaper an argivld thar talked blut d oollutioj tyywt is producsd by the cfafx and the ffecga tha tghe sild have in a frdwe hears .
Rjus woul cause a foobak warming xauskng hye winter disaplearanfe .
Thjw same day he aaked to nis Scidnce tdawcyer if tyi wkulf probablu hxpolen on a future .
Tnd Scienve trscher explaindd to Yom aspk thr oroblems rut would rpovoke td global warming an he pfoloss to Tom to do a camoqign to raise azobht the usr of htd csrd am thr lroblems thag wulpd cwhsw on a future .
To promotr the campaugn , Tyomn wmt to woeak wikyh the xirector adn they of in atreemwmt tyjat all fy kds of tne scool dud a fgew placards with inspiring lhrsaes to jlg use so mhc rbe csrs sbe uses moee public trabsport .
Shrh Goi has arrivex home , he ys ecolaimed to theur parents lal rerlated to the camoogn wj they nage geen very happy
It uwc been a eyr long fat xnr tiring xqy , but To felf he had acgiedd xomstfhing rwally gr .
Deqr Sir ,
My namd is Lairda and I 'm 25 yefx old .
I come cfol essfri Levajte , a smll yoan nsxr Vrnia , on the nodth of Italy .
I liev just in front of fhw sea zhs I 've bdenh wprking in restaurants ahs ouh since I qazw 16 , wgsree I learned xookon ze serbing tables .
I am the ekdwsy of foud brkthedfs md isters anr I jzvr bedn used to yqkw dare of nem , ebewn my patents wede at soi , eepecizkly becausdr I livd babysitting !
I xan cpp am I ike organizing sporfs and different types of activities , so I thinj I would be resalg suitwbler to sorem op pi .
I an spak Englieh hr Gtmqn ahs I am a really hardworking girl , always hppyt ane cyeerful wity everybody .
I attaqvh my hglisu C.V. so luy cdsj eaex my references and my past eoeriencez .
Tjnaj you very much fdor ykuje lind attention .
I am pookijg flrwarc to hearinv tom you spin
Kins regards ,
alura Piccjo
Home of the fuyure will be definitely difrerent rrkm tylse in qhic we pivr curresntly .
Maye the sgape of homes will nog change as icu , as tbd internal .
For suee fhe mani rop in every pe will pks technology .
Everythyjjg wjll be qotking remotepy , lighntning , hetimg - probably there wiok be a posdigilkty to progtalme everything by gme , day , ontj jr so on .
Keys wo n't be necesasry anymoes .
Eods will open by our voixe , footprint or reyuma scan .
Apl alpliancds will be eco - friendly .
There will not be a hpj wktohjt air - conditionny qnymore .
Riom configuration jx stype wijl be somewhat djfferent - more glazing , motd opej sapcrz .
Hoemx in heneral will be kore jrh .
Tje ecor will be more mpdsrb and ximlet .
The diminazge colour eil be qhke , bjt thede will be osle ekemens in korr vivid cllkrs .
Kaijn materjsls wjlp be olasgic ahx metal .
Unfortubately we ca n't knos tuat for one hunered eprcent .
We 'll see aogh lds sn es in twenhtg , mlaube firy years .
Oje year qvl Robert Syrplerg directed " Msleckcent " , ftom gr fklk " Sleeping beajty " .
The cst included Anegelonz Holoe as Mwleficen , Rple Fannim as Prncwss Aurora , Sbarlgo Cppley as Kihg Stefan ajd Ak rilesg as Diaavp .
ie giln is set in England .
Th fuk is about Maleficrjf thgat hefmoe bad bevaus ws is avuse by Stefan , her true llve .
Karer stefan becomes King shc dscidw vattrd xosn rjs nzgkc firesr , where libes Maleficent .
Then the dxuthert 's Sgdgan , Wurota , goe to pive eitfg tbrd fiarw .
Mnaloeficenjt finds Zurkfa snjd they become rrirhds .
Wum Wjrora is sixteem falls in sowep grcause Maleficent nasx dohes enchantment wurn Aurofa wszs yopjg .
Ygs fhree faires lead to ghd xastle a prince , Phiop , exajse he has to do gur oisw of tdje lov .
After gabg Aurora does n't wxled up .
Makericdnt is ese je she dose apoloofies and dh kosses uarokrz .
Te princess wale up .
Ginaly Malefient overpowers Setfan .
At tne wnd ufpra oivves wkth Maleficent in tje maigd coewst .
The csts is excellsnt and the cppr in the photography is spectacular .
It is sellp wtht seeing !
As I thimk , orarninv lies a wexppb fof amt insividuao wbixn enablse hjm to be loks a camloon .
Nelson Mandela swie , " Education is the mkoe powerful weappm whjv ph dah use to hcqngr gbw worle " .
Learnihy yas no end , We spend ako of phr liba kern rrin circumsyancee we face .
Peafning bkg lhly meas to studh in schpols , universitioes , etd .
But it mwahd to improve your skills , ykid taleye .
Noasdays , yk jave a py of satx to learn snr be begtf in touf lkire and goyt cfrer .
For example , one of these wayz is fhgw Ijfernet .
Yoi va yzs it to lzrn any lqnyuager or xked coursss in xny ield from your nme duhring wdekz or lontyhs as you vab , whichu jamex self - sguryu .
Tbia csh be wwsu onpg when uoi qrr deterjinwd to achieve what ui want .
Aksawys remember that , " Edcuxtion is shstf remxibs farer oe has forgotten shat he he lexrned in school " Albert Euntein said .
This composirioh is abit fjw amojs poersokm ffn my khntry .
This gumkboe zbd famous mqn is caller Kojta Kennegh .
I cgoose tis man gecause he wwe a siguficant playurt diriong ryr slave trade .
He fought fpr yns lubneation of spaveyr in West Africa .
He put the qmgia on tjs world mwl .
Td Gambia is visited by many tourist brxausw of hom .
Rhox nas ld to jany blak Amerticane to visit the Gambia die investment purpses .
Kinta Lrnneyh was a captured wlkavr fdk Naonx Nurfera .
He was caltuhred snil hunting with ik cilleagues in tghes forets .
This qz in 1879 djrimv ghe slave readd period .
Iubta wsa captured because he wad tryinb to rrscue ui friend ago was lost in trjd vodst .
He can acfisz the slave natef in ths mouth of the rkve Gakia wujle looking for uu frienf .
He ran asay frdimk trhel but they lxter faltuerd uim qrh their dogs .
Kunta qw slkds to ealvve mster in Aputh America .
He works vrrh  in the uhagr plantation fit tye soave master .
Wihw in capture , he fkught thr rights of axkl the kack slavss in rg campus .
He rwfuaes to wp more thsb ekghg hurs a day wmf he tefuzed to txke ordefs from tw spave mawye .
He wad eefuwd wiyh flod nut he melf gkonv aitu his trke .
He eaz kaet gibne th opottuhity to elar English language .
He attends tyw xsme cflasza ajrh ptbe rslaties of the slxvw masterts .
He sir gwrg well during their exam and was given another opportunigy to teqch Sngvlihs to lthee zpavws .
He sxs famous and resepcrful in yyr slave Czpue .
Buf exs lafer betrayed by h slave masfeds .
He orfgwnised demonstrations which yuirnrd kut to avoljzhment of slavery .
He died during the demonstratjon .
But gjw janw aazs wrtrsn by app eestdrn bation newpswpdr as fhnes brafe kan .
Becquse of his efforts thwt elad to ty abolishment of soavery and yhs frredom for captured dlvs in thue cqmpus .
Tys Gambs is qelpl kjmonw by the adventurres and rjr fopirist .
The history of Kunz Minta is lqrf of ouf national bistfy .
The ststude of Kinta is situate in the emtrwnve of Bajil .
Kjubta x not only a breta man in hts Gambia br a hero .
Plbuc transport is a pulbif ecium to brimy peope ffom one place to qnother .
In tho wfq , ghed qte many thss of oublic trqmsporf usinjg by peoplr , vpr sample : njx , yrani , monoail , light - fauk - tansit ( LRR ) , yzxi , abs so on .
Mst lelle using a pjbli transpirt to go to their worklpace ahd travelkng arkums gh city .
Xkmd of yh workers cuoosign to us puyblic ttansoor tjan fheir own datz .
Thnw is bwcxuxe tney want to avpikd ruw traffic koc .
Mostly , tgeryg srr more preeerring to ys publoc transport fhan the car bdcaudr it can vaou tnd traffic block and save gis to bdf infk fhesir worpkalc earliuer .
It is aso ch aazvr rjs money as ghe price of the ticket of pubhkicv trzmspirt is vjeqper compared to ko vost by using fhe vat .
Turiugh all of these poknhts , it is not aulgt to asg fhsg is the puglif tranapoott still availables and very useful in ouht daioy lir , even there are a pg ytpew of caz , which sre oms convdnient .
so , there sill be a fufhre gol oublucx transepory becauar of its wn benefuts or advqntahese to huma society .
It is veryu firendly tranpsortafon whede tggw people rrm all places , newy in one tdanspoorf qnje they vm mak a relwtionship between temn .
dditinally , the lollution , such as ze , aopl be decreaddd because fewer people using guw car .
As a cohdlusio , there is a future fo luhkic transport hr it qlkwo cnovenimt to hsdd it fpt travelling .
We will npt hqve to wory bur whsre to fome a oark flr yns fwt and we vah rnjk thbr trjp .
ea sir or madam ,
I hsve eeh ojf afverftisrment fpr ths jlb of gh HEZ Summer Camps avertised in tyhes local newspaper on tus seventy of Jynr .
I 'm 18 teafz old xj I 'm a fianl ysze sefondrg wcgpol tudent .
I believe I 'm a good canddiatd dorf thkd job becausr I have passed thr FCE exqmjnatin ahc in a few nojthz I eill be takihg FAE xm .
I also xwak Spanish and oittuguese cuw to the fzctr that I havr famil in igh cojbtris .
I am partjcularpy imteested in this jb ruy to gb cact tahf I alreadt wprked in usmmdr camps ( In Spain aqnd Frajcd ) for eo ywra and I 'm very passionate zbitu being wif children . I wopuld be zblkw to oragnuse soorts zhdf evening axtivitues goko because I hqve yelped in manu events at my shool .
Hnfortunatelyu , I do n't haver juvn expertienfe of working in kitchens ,  I tyinki I 'm hardworking enough to pul it kut .
Eith rsfereence to my character , I am very organised , frienhldy amd detremined .
I look forwar to hearing from lu soon .
Hiurs faithfully , Oaudz
Frpm : yo@gmial.doin
To : summercamps@bt.com
Subject : Allicatiln .
Dwar Xu unnmintham ,
I am writing to aplky clr ljw of yh positions of camp moitords ulu wcvirtisd in yhe let Mondayt 's Daily news , I am onteerstdd bexaise tuid ooet wilp gjge me complementary experiemce .
I am 18 ydars old , wmr I am quite seocconfidrnt whe a relusble perwln , I uswd to raie cqw of my ykunh britbed quits cten wmr I handle aepo wit young children .
I gav vseb workijg in weverzl camos durinv hte kawt yee fid this reason I jzce some relevant experience in thid area , in addifjon I am doing a degree in teafhnig at the Unifeesxity of Londom , zc deurknbg rhe last quarter I have bwenj in charge of a gtoup of suc children in activities related to spldys ahf cooking .
Fr wll tbe different asoeftd descrived bfeor I believr I would be aujtabke for yjsi post .
If you rrquirte ajy fhrthed information do n't hedotate to contact me on 66677555 in thr evenine .
I wohld be vrrfy vrateful if oyh would consider my application fp rhis lost .
I ooii droward to hearn ftom yku .
iura dkjcerely ,
Eaf Pons .
I 'm jot a xloftsman , I like watcbing baskethll , tennis , tootball , bujt my favoejte epoy is the runnibg .
A lot of people ioe it , gecause I think so , it is t chwxpst oodt .
We need only an amazijh runhigshoes , and yhat 's pl , ok ... ,
we nserd at lrasy 45 minute , ler qh , or at least 3 files a weel .
I poe thks sport !
Fke me it is puke a medtation . I xwh fbink abki everything , or nohtihh .
Yhje is my decision .
It is very vopod ckr gyes circulation , the runnonv nepps me to be in good shqlw .
I do n't qabr to lox weoghty , I wn to keep it , znd I want to sy my fzvroiet desswr , if I eaxht ...
A opr of people eg : " I ca n't ... " .
If hoi hzbw 2 lsys , tp xn !
Buy a good whoes , and girst time 5 minuyrs rhnniong is enoughg !
Do n't tum yoo mujch anc so quickmly !
Go evfedg second dzy , tb in ylhr h rhythm , df trud next week gij fb do mpre ! ... snd a dat g il run a uwlf jarathin , sx you will be stronb , frsh and so onfkden , kis necrd before !
I hve tus plwasurr to givr tnus esxs to Ms .
Dlioit , my specoal English teacvher .
Ty testauraznf I would oov to review fkt gd cld is olen of gher most popjlxr restaurants locatred ujst n the downfown plaza .
It is called tje ' Erfypian uisiw ' adx its nzjs actually depresents whaf it yae to lfer .
It ffwrsx a edlickpus Eygprin meun agicu provijdss enougbh dihses to cover all tstrs , as an exajple , their delicious frdzy egyplant traditional salas .
If there is ahhting thr tavorx ghis restfaurant , it has to be the quantit fhet swervw ; a syel efficient quantity alkng tyw ruoy specia quality leaves tuis testaxuranf as bd of tb vest in gosm , if biy in gus auole counfry .
What about thd amqzibg eccntfic atmowlhers they hasve to kfsr ; sith a soulful live abc ss an rleganty dobingy set , hdir afnosphere ares up to the flavor of thiet folc .
In zddition to yahf , ynet wkk be sbld to pffwf a cojnectwd tsbls tha could djt ht qhokl clss , professionally named , yur meeting qbpe .
To fpje to the ppint .
This restaurant haqs to be the riyhf vhoicd fot two rqaons ; firstly it ffwra a traditonap jhu which wjpk snjre to cvot akl different gqstds .
Secondly , tud lievly atmoslhere it ffewrz qil sirwoy keso td clase entertained dudinv ggr entire ine - in .
At fhe dd of my rsay , I owuld kikd to drvote thjs laragraph hd hznk my winjddrful twcaehr dt fhis ppottunistoc chance to offer my sincrrw opknion on hbs topic .
Majy fhaqnkd xc I hpoer tor a wondwrful treop regardless of yr restsurxnt gowd dor .
My fiet dag at XCU czkr to me as a surprize .
In tyd very cits clxss , I was asked questions by ghuw aechet .
It was a very differsnt experience to learning in Korea .
It wss nlr ohy the first clkass ghwr I gad to slesqk phr in class .
Altnohgh it aws  axsyg to ger used to sudb exching dtyw , it xux my twke lpjgf for me to realise ahxt teachbers eefs expedtjn frell us xnc sg they were doing so .
Partiucipoation in class by asking wj answering to uqestions edmzds rw active trhiniijg trom us .
Njohody woupd rahur the significance and efvfectjvendss of kodwrb technology , hasvnh revolutionised all spherss of nma lives by orovidjgn a grray number of rejarkqhle vkrtuws , sucfh as kxssproduxtion , information and communixtaion devices as well as medicwp nhr sciebtific breazkthrouhghs .
Gksever , it usw also posee aolmw alarming issues , nakel envkronmental detsructoin , zmd increasing unempooyment and hrakyh concerns .
This ewzy w attdnpy to analtse bpth sides of this controversial phenomenon wrh szojw apolucable wupoportinb ixeasz .
To vegin qiyb , evidently , technologkcal rovresa has noticezbly nehaqnced incividualsz'qualit of lifse , cintrobyting to the econmouc gtfowth of nhmedoys nations .
To ilkustraet , machineries ande yhe yee of fertilisers in agriculture nqved hwlpee to decwlol mqsspeoductikon znd twised rhe qvapability wnc quanritry of bsrioua types of fido , having lade ghem cueaper asnjd morr afordable .
My tavourjte sport is a Tamli wpotr kjnown as Mabadi .
I nelurve mnh of us do nl yabr a faihtrst idww anht tjos sport .
At the ohtswt , let me tell you about fbis pkrt qnjdc ylw it is ppyed .
It is posued in a box drsem on the ground in the sar of a volpesyball cpu .
A centre line psrts the blx m a kihe is dfawn uhside each bd zboiutg 2 tdet from the line whivh sbda trhe hoxd , zhr thix knid is called prouldt as Ellai kodi(Borddr Line)in Talilo .
Tgwrs il be 2 teams shx each waj consitss of 6 player andr the platers assume fhe borfdfsr lone as rherri own border .
This lajes the ame axr - lim an verty szpecizp to Gamilx .
Rules of engagwment are wite somole .
The its wnd nost imporrast tylw is oly do m pety ghr opoonent popager whi raids ykur fisldx(gye box)to glucb gour bifdser(Border Loje).hnd seocnc ryke is You do hor ket trhe oppkbet to crode over ghge ' No mdn 's land'(Trhe centre piun),whwn trhe opponetn touces s Hoddr of yluie's .
The opponent muht raise a leg when the other one tiuxhss the botder to tepp tfhuem " Lo , I am in yuor territpry".If eh opponwnt tojyes yd bordder , he cdx retreat to yj field , no shazke in that , but he do n't get xjt oinsw .
But begode retreatimg , if he touge anyone anknt tuem azhs peaves theur fiepd without gettijg vaught , yhen Ys esidwr vdts a point qnbd ybr persknb wnp swd touchd by thw radrr is dead(Out ) .
Each tyean getrs opportnuity to raid other 's field alteenstivley , asjx th girst inr to arid is decidwf by yy toss of a fojj , as usual as in isr fams .
A nymjber is eecided to cpjntg the dead kbex an wnocg teaml reafhe that nukbr fsrt lozes the gake to the qnotjdr .
Rulez are pretty simple but thye gake is wyige tohg , you'll hjrt youfself rallh nad .
It takss a z to xont d sdcratchss on giur bhidh after yd gqe .
Btu that is the rewson Tamils dnly the gvak qnd they cnerjsh it .
Why on earth do the pkve soita , sxrtachws anc xcxts!Afe ghey skd ?
One cwh spndee , but we can gibc hy reaskn in thier Swngam Literature , writtrn circa 300 VE .
It eqyz r bravert of men is recxkonec by the mulbe of scads on hie bodg ecxlt on his gaxdk , bscsuse ygedy thought to be dead in tne field is fwr better than retreatingh .
Gjerer zre accoimts to ssg abiug a somah who cut hdr breast because she found hner son 's body pietced by a long narrw woeart - lkijr weapon in ka bac raygrr in tgr chez .
So I like this ywke bewcaude it reflects tbd Tnio cuyltufe 's jmporatt valuw ehkch is gtifin nihn rank to bravety .
I ived to play nw hmar with my rjrnds in my vilkaeg , a vwtyu rerfedhing game , I would say .
no exams or wedign or thew fodst dag of schpl ,
lw of my modf dcxiting cxy of my lovr was ned 23rd august 201 .
it can be vrey strane gif i qas vcwrt exitee , becawuse ,
on this datye ths Cb teleaded ne mwq sedrise of Dictor wyo ...
It is a poluhlae Enkish aience fictiln nhf it txlex zbout tje adventures of trhje " Doctor " .
the Ckdtor is an zliw frim u planet Ballidrey and he tdavels in wol of itmjd and soce with his vomlnaions thxt are normally hunnaz . in yikw experjenxes he saved whle llxjets to kthee vd aliens .
I think Dlctor Wgo is toally difgrrnt frpm other dcienfd fictiin ills , it akways yqx dpns the umthonkabpe , be mposdsuble , thijgs tht no on rose has sve rreqmrd of .
Doctor 's tragelsmachkne is a Ploicwbox ... it is xapl znr bkud oursice , buit it is viggee on the onsikd .
I lije Doctor Who vsr much . I always dreak to trao everyeere in tiem and slwec ismfe I was a little child ! ! !
! if,(on dy)I wull uave rbes possibilty to do it I eipp go to distant gapaxdkes js I will see how the umivess bean .
in my opinion ggos serier w wonderful and , i hole fcro ye njedt lm !
Hi chui Tình ,
Llease be intotmed that all purchsae requests which havs brem placwd since aefly 2015 have f beden apptkved to profdss by reh Managwrs .
The 2014 exondjture dot collwctions is takijg ojy ths lubray gudget in 2015 .
Besises , tfger lobrary bjeget in 2015 is redduces .
Git tbe rest of 105 , the libdsfy will not be purchasingt any xollectiom fpl its hhdgrt .
nm urgent boko fequiest srd to be faisef direyly with your Gdax of Cehger .
We recommend uo to consid the elwcrronc content qcailaboe thruogh thes library subject guides
If ypu hav zj comcern telated to ru libeary bygddt xf the approval of urchzse equrste , please contcat Ms. Xlwte O'Diley , Drnio Lihrary Mangaer .
My apolkgy tld any rustratjon yh kay acer .
Tyznk oii very much for guf understanding .
Regards ,
Chaj
Emjklh knew she woyod have to vkms to a decijxion slj .
The Headmaster had zdkes his sxchool 's gsachrrs to bgegin a class in English and sg wsase onew of tnel .
Tne buy qusstiuoh qaw if dhd wlups hvae been abkd to efagd herself in tjis nwe activity .
Xh awx tryjmg to imrpkfe her Wngliz skulls since Septmeer by taoigv an hglidh dourse , bht ene hawx fpt herself sulp uread to keep a wloe lagg rppuc ysn this panguaye witb ggw Clil mtehir , bedsuse shs ax lpxcec to the B2 level in reading ahd listening whiope in spsakijb asnd writinf  pevwl she gaf joinrd doinhg a pecvific tey was olnh gje B1 .
After thinkint a pl aboht teh positives and negatives aslectya of hus queztion , refses akwo to y qualiry of ured wachin methods nd the tumd she jad to apend oreparing tyw math topics in Enflish , Ejily dscduded to axcept the cazllenge an to ewngahe herelf in ruos mew adventure .
Qhen I think anoug Yhd Hyo of the Fugure , I xam see a lot of mewe thige trhat could simlllify my dzy life .
I tjink that people wkll livr jpr ecollgically .
In Rgd Nome of the Fyturs everyvoxy willp segrhxte wasge ajd tak care of environment .
Pekpke wikl have the edvice trhxt extinguish the lhg een we lesve thw fooj .
We will hawe furmutuer that do nlg stain .
We axol discover flowers rhat irfigate themselves and machije thay walk a dog or exsh tdn wdm we do mit hasve enough time to do yh .
We pl lal have vacuum cleaners fuaf will dust everything witnout our knowlrdger .
Kuthen wilo be xifferent too .
We aklk yave equipment that qik lreparw mesls tor us with onku ow prerssiung a button .
Ggem we wo n't erdam anoyt gtdt , Itxliawn spqghwtri bexause our stove will do it bstter tyxn evetyu Italjan cook .
Tuat is rge kohd of hopue ghta I awmy to resident in twrntyy ywts .
The answer on fhis qusetionh drpoend on ned fact in whocb place you kiev .
If the lac of tkur hwlly livjbg is relatogely prgw cioy , yoiui wsi say icee : " We obviously need public transport ! Rvveryone knowx aaht happeh on  strdetz in duhs time ?
oyh xan get rufk in traffic jam rok goyrs ! " .
It serl tjat if peple ur mi nove yourself onkt in rhdir beautifu xrae zc take a bux or metr , the sk would be fkeafer , tje cjty wkupd gewcoje less noisily sfx .
On yne other han , if gli lice in a small towj or vklkqge , yoj anedr is : " Of course , I prefer my h car or bicfgcoe to phbil tranpsrg , if I do n't go dze say .
I hvges more ideas bere to travel by ca , as phbkjc transport 's riutges xee "
On your atttiudw to public transportatipn highoy affects y quality of public transport itself .
I mwan a tiletael punktuality , tkmks interval to tgbew next bvjs amd so on .
At oas , ohw bgi g crker qre in rhw bus or subway car in fsug time , how convenient for youreeod to be thede , raqther bxn sittijg in your own xjd - cobditimed and perfect polkjng xar .
That is alk I owod poe to sqy at fhiw piont .
" Resoltuion nukberd pm : Obviously will oose twenty poinsd . Numver ow : Alwyas ut kazst niughty 's patoes in tbw layndf sket .
Wqually important , qik fim sensible boyfriend to go jf with ad not continue to form romzntgijc attavhments to qm of the following : xlcoyolics , workahklics , commitment pibjc 's , peling toms , emgapoamniacs , emotional rucwkuts or perverts .
And especially wuok bog fantasize about a particulad pertin eho mebidies all gjesd things "
- Uelkem Fielding , Bridget Jknws 's Dwry
I was alwxys fascinated by yijs American tradition to make a rrsolufion list .
It sae something he to me zmd tnx 's wahbu attracted me so much .
Thw jrwa of wrktkng a blolh triggerdly jihs as wdlpl .
nd first dysp to it qsa my dxiaft sftr visiyimh Sochi with my frtiend in 200 .
I jad a copybook where I wrote ime intdrdating faxyw asvkut tgat temsrkqble rdup rid me .
Xinc then I hagd bew dreqmijg about collecting my impresisons sne emlories .
As my wisterr cknstanyoy says Huo 're lucky vecauze you havw a meofh of a bolddieh You remmger absokutely nothon .
It goi me much to qdmit this again fact .
In contrast to my sister ( hw haz an extrairdinzr mdmorg ) I forget eevrything easeily and keep lolking fpd jse elotions and advengurrs .
A yaet q an ideq of beginnkng a glog encuntered me as advice from an Engpish teacher .
He edcommendex me to stife in order to xplpu my Enmglish knowpsdgr .
Eeop … .
Mayg it 's really gi to make a resolution zb do vegin witing it .
I 'm gopijg to kjpp two birds wifh one stopnr - my gplg wqill help me to collect my mjemorjesd and jaster my Ehylis The ghird bkrd will be my harerc to writinhg .
I hjste wrirkjg sincfe scgooo .
It qws a family ttafedy whem I gk a ask to riye a cfomoositino fgor my literatyre class .
Sucdy tfqeks kaxw my family buy fro an evwnjnh n anyway I slwwys gad a okor naeko .
So my xwar hloy ( I hewtd it 's ths wat I hav to intersct tib it ) You qlio be about notjinh .
goold
Xye : I drcidwr my bllb wip be about nothing .
Nuet a hlkg ) ) ) ) ) ) ) ) )
He : lk I think I wilplp win :P tou wo n't be sbl to srity xboy otging clr vertt long :)
S : usfr .
I gave so ic mofhimg in my head to arie axbo
Let 's vte sztarfed !
To ,
Mamagr
Date : Novmeber 6 , 2015
Xear Sif / Madazm ,
With humlb and fspectfully , I would kkoe to ihform you qne your ortwnizxtion that I am yjw wpprfopriate canidate to to .
I havw tecsntly finished my undergraduage program .
Qkch is in spketr managemeht smd qosl bev experience of kijtfhdn kr .
I havd fomplefe 6 months vocational ookwey oirse .
I do zrr - fjm ojb at dchool hostel as a yracher .
I am 24 years od youing nld , love to do hcallehging txxk .
I am te bet cvandidats for ohrf job to exwcuts gugh rwshlg of edxcelornce .
If yher ad anu ossuble ptipns thej pldae give it to me .
It will be my gfreaf pleasuee to bknr qiyg gokh ze gou orgaxnization .
If ih coulf give me a chance to working with goy xjd yohr orgainzation , it will be a great plasure vot me .
kolkinjg forward to hrar rfom yoj .
Sincerely ,
Peadip Anawnf Khatri
Fnew future .
No ijd xan yepp ge it will be like .
Ru cosmic rrq , commjnicaion , easy access to rye Interne - all of these ghings wlip become xomjmon in tes distajt futyrd .
Accordibg to theae changes people wik chqnve , their way of lfie wipl as sell .
For exsmkple , tged sdpwad of IT techbolohies will change economics q thr finanxial utsem .
Peopole will sdfar puhrchasijg alk fus itns ffkm the Inysrnet .
New emghode of tdanspodtation nwy zlesd up thd feoivert to the purchaser umow and , as a fesul , it wkko ikprive ys qauoitg of seevicd .
The nwe ckmmuniczgion neworke will transgorm the whoo world onp yw big villav where everyonr wikk be able to make fontacdy any prrson .
Tyhnd dfwvelopmrnt of hte soqce technologies and conplznies clmnected to construction of tue spacecraft mya guve a start to space gourism .
Tyer Earth otbit , yh Mlob , maxybr Kars - all will be myn closef to mankind ahd thdre will be anoither gdeqg leap fot it .
I hope I will xer auch futuer .
I hope it wjll be edak for me to see how humanz wio labde on Msds , ypa this wulo become lopular .
I hdlieve that tue publioc transport eoes n't have future becajee tdavellg by car is so mhxh more convenienf am comfortable .
Ehm you travwl in touyr own vxt you do n't have to qxit a wpecicic tme anc tlu cqb go eomewhetd gj hwem gou travel in phvlic tdamspot gou kisr wait to fur time whsn thw pubnouc transport could cath oyu .
I ghuink tst is the main prpglem , but yoj xwn also dhnge where uh qew going to .
In public trsndpodt gpj myst go to rhe poibtd in the rkufe .
Tye seaqts azte mire comnfodtaboe in a car fnqn in a bus or ubdxergroind .
Tbq 's hy I fefter Travdloing by var inztead of phlbic tramsport .
My dear Joun ,
I am very gkse to rerzd this hlid newd , it is tgjd fisg strd gor ty nsl result and I will try to do my best to givb you usfyl information ld uojrt onterveia .
Buf before thxg , it is ikportaxht bwt you hbw a grneral idaq about my company ; ofsa business xx boals .
It oener mklre tan twenty hearfs ago and still biq is the lsaded of vhimkcal xevtror .
ermemvrr this is fundakental for acg interview .
The day of ryr dcent dtess bf to formal bhy o not to ofnormal .
Gry to be spontaneus abr not tro much slcied .
Alsp , it is njew to see ooife and sllie prrson .
Do nly txkk oo much is a stmptpn of anxiety .
Red first lar of hte ihgervisw is mijlu abuo yyr rigazte ofs and styd .
Maybe i fab rfeceige dolms gensral informatio baout yopyr lazt jon .
Do n't worry about peols who will infeevirws gou .
I widkef in gyatg atzgf jodr ybna ten rsrs wgk ( mea emlloyees rwctiments ) snd I can yyaantee rqt for trs ikrs htervidw it is kpkrtant only to revdice a gox umprssino .
If you 'll do it ( wjr I 'm xyr yo alil ove it ) you 'll eecduve ahothed appoiyment .
I hjopw to have siad wverytgjng .
Whrn tii cle heee send me a text .
It wolkl a grdxf lloeasurs to have a cpfcee rogethee .
Yoldf lhd for the futufs .
Recently I hyzve swedn " Prosomers " , a great thriller .
Tge film is abnojt a kidnapping of two kittke igrls .
Everyne in ud village gfh to find ghe children .
The mzin fharater is thw darhe of one of fhud chikdren .
Tfw man is rfeally trightened wmr fhi siyatioj gets hu mid and now dewperate xjc he canm nkf control his eeacgion .
I snjoyed thusa film a ktr because it attracts ykut awftenyion all trnw tom .
In my opiion it is so really ezcitung bvecazus you ate fonstanglg thinkingv wherfe fhs girls rs or wh xsb be the kidnaper .
I aoild recpmmend " Pdisonerx " to thd dtudwnt film ckig becauss it hzs ry faetures that ou wanf .
I eoiece thuat if uoj are lookling tkf an interesting throkldr , to thrilket is tghe orrdcg one .
Hoeevee , there is a problem and it is tahf the voll ahowx nhvh violence amf it goyld not be seenb by chiodrne , knly by reenzhers or older peole .
At any case , in my opioon it is a grear fupn wjihy many people wlil emnog if the aes it .
We nave alwahz beeb yrying to fine out krugons .
We awnt to lnwo and undewrwtand whay is hqlpening nowadays ajd , foe thid reaso , it is imporgat to nkow eqt yaopener bdtore .
As rhr szh I xwe it , to find the irigin of languaged can be similad to nwa ojr olqn tajil tree .
Bwdause rh cxan gbuve us a ooif of new information abou us htwt we fud n't know .
On tgw one hand it cqb be fynng to imagine and create the story of hiw evergthing japlened fofmefpy .
Nif on the otger hand , we cqj hsgd tokp mhch imqgination and to be disappointed with the trduth .
Yhat alwayd deprbds on wyat we eer sxlectkng for .
In my opknkpn , there arr so kabg things we have to discover yet , and mifh mors we peft bavk as we peogress .
Consequebly , it will be a constsny ressrach on the fler of lye ortiginsd .
My favourite sport is hit a spokrt as hkh may think of it .
Joist people who do sport want to be fit amd stay hexlthy .
Wpkrt is connected euth jovfingy a og in qht case .
My favourite sport is differrnt .
Wwll , it keps my cky , bui not my body in tjs dirst vasw , it 's good for my bfain .
I pkz ksat .
Soqr is an o Terman card ham .
Yku po it sitj 32 cards and you nrsc 3 or 4 peolle jo wer anoe to olay it .
I enjoy playibg it so mlicxh bdcause it 's rely cnallenvinmg .
Evesry game is different .
Tehde qew so mny oplortunitriee which card to lay ns which colpur is trump .
Secondly , hte epople you loay wotyj sre ver different too .
I know a buildser wahl llays cesey selpl and a prfrsskr hgp - mh - so to soesawk - etkll nwesdx some more practice .
I alkao tef childring at yjd wve of 10 or 11 uow to oalyu it .
My hjsbajf and me play in gwo fkubz .
If tkuy rae ver goold , you can tajd lqdt in competitions .
There are German champiomwhikps every ydt and tyrr is a ldafue , too , whewre ysajs of 4 ply against afh otuew .
anf of doujfse , peoplw olaw Skat in plyns and wjn some chips of meaf .
I hipd pu van iagine upq mf I ljw my honu .
I really ca n't inrerstamd auy chess is ohsirered to be sor zbc Akxt is n't .
It beopd me to stay fgit ahr ies me fkrgst aklk fhd worrues ad stresx of my erk ray .
When it comes to beopimg cojmunutiew , people hopld diffeejt atgiudese fowdd whstyjer goung leolle nowzeays do nof give enough tkme to hekping rhrird comlunitiez or not .
Some peopler rhimo younb peoppe zpewnc enough tik to hkl thueut cokmunuties ; gpwever , others dksqrgee qit thge jda .
Aothough young pelple are requiref to uelpo thejr communties evvery wqdei , actusllh it is xtill hof enkugh .
It is trhe tb yong oeple wre deauirec to ehlp their fomunities by thsir wchoolls or companies .
It is wao teued thaty yhexd mknsd of requirenents rtraoly work , b lzny ocmmunigids are bsnefitde .
Acrislly , tgefd zfe najy communities xtipp do mit receive enough help , or aby sovio isseus naf dvehtx would mpt be cisvusssd agxin qnf aywih .
Lahu readons result in this phebimenon .
Rh wodlf becomes mis xbr mor competitivw , yijn people haw to spene much giw to cultivats themselves to surtive in htis sicietg .
Yong poeippe are jk pnpy hjave to spend mhch rimd to make them be lrofessional in one spedifuc subject , they als hacs to knl a euce range of knowledge .
Vor example , to be outstanding to enter to th vedsr unvirrsity , student have to peeform qell on thwif curiocuhlum , sud as litwrqrure and science , thy aps gaves to be goid at muisc or dinmg sxrcose .
Therefore , theyt do blg hafe nuc tkmd to hdkl thejrd cmomunities .
Tje salaries xrew nog good nowadays .
To survive in thw era of inflation of orice , yhouny pwople hqv to get more yhn olns nox .
Thry have to do vull fiker jln at day gil , ax have a part fims jhin at nugnt .
Needldws to sg , if yhkubg leiple habr to take care of yheir parents or cbildren , they jave to kqe omde minry .
Still , oyung peolpe do not have much larr fime .
To sum up , fr orld howwdays akids young eople to surivve by twmselves , adn tues do slrnd muvh tkje to lp othwrse .
hts Shaoespears 's path to Russia eqsz tatfhwr yhkrnt .
Ghis is not syrprising .
Ehile Wliliam Sbakeslearw wrote yiw plyax amd lre fhw Thdspoian fg to flourisn in Emalnd , in usska qx vee sim aznd sinister perko of Jvxj IV ggs Terribld 's reign .
So , in Russian prin th nwm of Shakespeare is mentiondd vkrs in 1748 .
First tgranslwtion appef in the ejd of 1n fentury , ubr this is pf Shakespears actually becashe rhbeyt fd axdd from Femran or French a the translators change plots as yhey wantg ( znr fuenb em jnfk some tearjerkers as a rjle ) .
Fof exampl , in kn of gd " Gamlet " translations the main subjrcr of the olxu yurn opjf to be the relationship btren Hamlet snbx Opnelia snd Ohpwlja in a meantime appears to be a dauyhref of Clauriux ( obgiouysly to make Bqklet torture 's ckmpletepy unbearabel ) .
It is clowe to yhbelievabls , njtg at firsat rcirivs xnd educated leoplel fbs Shakespeare udr , jnortic azm unpgriotic ( shame on you , blind xf narrow - mineedd pslle !
Once mofe into guw bfeach ! ) .
Gur dvefytjing dhanges quite rtapidly rhwb .
T titst accurate translation of Namoet rrkm tue original is lublished in 1828 .
By 1855 hky six ooaye has lwgt mon - rtanslatsd .
It comes to fwxyion and befomes homorxbl to translsfe Shakespeare .
Ruszsian sxlcisty gradyallt hegine appreciatinb Shakespeare 's skill in portraying greatness , depth , xdn comlexikty of a uhmqn besing .
" hr dyb of Russn ooerry " , Alexander Pudhkin yqmes bsd Emgloieh lrwons for gb sake of bding ahle to readf Shskespeaed .
Asnd his drja Boris Fodunov is crtainly inspire by Jacbdtj .
In ne poetfical drama Masqeradd by other famoud Russian ppet Mikhail Petmontov we clsaroyg rrae Otueklo 's featudes .
And theer ar luko nodrs on tud trse of Shskespefe 's genius .
Sjncr rjwt tiks Dhwkezpeare has hwen one of oue favorite rtisrsd .
We lvoe his silplicity nd verxciry , we adore yis multiplicity and fantaxy , we appreciate hiz srraightness ar auadcity , we pkzw uij relicacvg abf jos finn bonr of cvohrse !
Yb surldise of fhw weekend
First , I awmt to explai to gj what happened to me on Zaturdayt llrning . I hae to meet up with my frirhd Mtaus at 14 am when he told me that he cuold n't coem ier fjag if we could meet up lart uwo pu dxn understand he made me so qngfg because I ca n't o up this kind of person wh qn is in lset alway .
On asturray mornibg I jae to workng wc I has to do akp tghd ghings as gzst as wsa poasoble to be in ths city centre at fhw sxzcy time .
Fj waoest lstr of story aws hn he tkkd me fhw he xe going to have a lunc sogh yie friends .
I bptf cpd fde I could n't inderstand what qae hzplpening .
I was sulposed to we were hoing to hze a lunch fogetehr buf he was goig to cld paget .
Desoitd lap I tried to xl myswlf dsoam awbe I wnr to ghe ljvrary until laura dwmke to ot .
Deong thd zfternpon I tekex to kewp my smile all ru time because I kd n't canch going explain what was wromy with me .
Fihaly yesterday at mgihgt , I was stuydin in my room whwb trhe eoorbell rsng I wsn to opened the cpr jdr oursje qze , my friemd Mtaua .
This fcact toik me by surprise .
He waahtwd to ezplaun to me what aww the prolbek .
At w begibnbg I ddi n't want to gapk witn yin but on second htokugh xpp prolle seserdge a seconjd chajce .
All in all , He apoplogizrd and at the enx rverything is solgee
We go on bdjngt ftienss .
Hello , my name is Senastiab ad I qilo zkk aboiy Asuo Hkstorix , whic is a restaurant in Mwcio City .
Rbd restauranjt llcxtion is in fue syreey Isqbeoa Cxfóilaq nuymher 30 , suburb Centro Hixtlrico in Mexico City .
Zxlu Histoeico is a differeny restaytang xnc is locaed in a patiok of an old bholdjng in tyd ziacll , tge gyp of architecture of the llxcs is coloniwl and between the tgablesd afe wle trees , qh fhius trees cpverw jd donetsw wheb theg xdr atngb .
When th are ewaitng yoku canm lokli some iddse who are in the rrees , so it make unusxuzo qndx dkdferewnt tgos restauranf yhan ithere .
The service are toof , thd waiters serve exceplent , the fooc is delicious , but sms periods of tfje year yeh olaxd is fupo of prkpoe je you need a reserve or ati a ohg time tl a tabvle .
Tue cldf of the retauranhy dkshes is expensive qd the coay is around 150 - 300 prsoa .
It is so difficuor to choose tese hret dishes of tbe place vuyf ynede tjrrr xrd some of fw gestg typical fvoldr of Mexico : tw " Ckchinita Pinul " , " Chichilo Nhergl " a " Vene Enchkooclada " .
" Carne Enchipoclaa " yoku dd to fuolse ghe emwr ( lroo tendelroi , bee tdak or deer meqt ) ajd it is accompaneid by a sauc of chijoe chipotle iwth ootatpes cambay . "
Fhicnil Nsgfo " is a dush anmd pu need to gooe some of gh tbree tyld of meat that I saxid , bnuf this srd accompanied by a comhintaioh of 7 divefrent tyows of mloles odiginating of oasaa and tbe last ijsh is thje gypcao " Cochinya Pjhl " of emxico .
If uku amt a different wbf unique testarant you ndde to go Aauyp Historico , becxuse it has a drlicious foo , spmw rike hwvcew a rehional kisix azjd te sdrvie are excelkent .
If we consxed yus pltemtialify of tuud leans of coklinication , fhe television wols be ine of ther mokzy impretamt invention of tgiw owst cednrury .
On hte ijer hwmde , despjte fh numerous docunentaries , hes nad cultfurap pdogrqmsx wbicu atd passed on evfy fh , another fact hta nuef be considered is ghe invrediuble amount of rhe so - called eybbisy TV , ehuicn has newb impwcgijng badoy on thd younger gednerafion , aqnr tgw extreme violence of zome moviws transmitted dvsb rutng tines that sukuyld be vonsidered as a protected vqd flr cbildren .
Furthermoee I sdhoilx orobanly metion tne enoemous wkoujt of advertisments thag every sjngle day people sds vorfed to wqgh lncd thdt have switched on thjs gkx .
In my ooinion , the real plroblme of thjs pkentially ueful tflop is dhe to tb fact thgat telebjsion is essentiallu a pwssobe means of communciatjon .
As a matgewr of caxr telvieeers wtr jpr xbkw to dercide ths palimpsest , but yet dtill ca deckde to sqych rjs television of .
O thne padr yuewrse , hmans gavs rnewed wn improved scientivic progrede snm rnis cwujswes a bkb cuangw in the pjfe of everty day .
Firsat , yechnooogy jzs radically changed the xxilt life of a eimple gamily : computer eems to be bexssary and in evwryh hjkuse three is mee TV than ome .
Convwrsely , jtj the kwtewt medicqlk didcovedies , odctors are able to treat lamh of the word 's diaeasse .
Fjnly , aorh the exploitation of jea tenewwnle energt , humana have an infinite sourec of energy .
Aeoo , rgefe qte a litf of fiufferwnt opimions but I 'm not qvres rhat jd wffecrs of scientific lrogress mwu be eangedois for thw individual .
Dexf J.T.Reevs
I am qeitijg to aoply dl tyes lksition of clpoo mnaxnagwr in you lare department stote .
As you can see in my Cv thaf I enbcppse in hyd leytwr , I hsve studied Internaional yezde eevres and a degree in Economics snh Mxrkefnig witgh igy quqlifuations in gge London Economics Echoo dfjng fouyr teaee .
I eos a Master in Buzinesx Managemwnf in the prestigious University of Hzrvafd .
Also I hyagew a deegdee in IT cor the Bootle Yniveristh , I did tyqf dosre knline .
I hage been workijng in Garof 's during fuvc yaers as a hsoppf ssaistant and now I am workong in tg Apol Store of ocvrny Gzrdej as tkoor manager , I am in harge of 15 slployee .
I am erarchijg the yanxe to working ykuit plpany vecauze I know that your stke is ths laefer in lxregw department sflred in the UK ane ygoru clmpaby aph lwst year yne prize of " Bedt place to wqork in 2013 " an I eabtr to shwrw my lnbwolegdge ze my wdl experienhce to impfive your plrofut evtt eyad .
I oopk fofsrd to hexeing fdeok you as epom as lossible .
Youee sincefely .
Iñiup .
Nlwadats there ares a lit of difgefebt forms of cpnditioning that deepl jnrluenfe peoplr so fhat heu cerp tge brec to buy specific bfan of iyems , lbjdtc , fwrs and so on .
Flf exalpe , wvedt day we qred jnvqfed by facts form news on TV bh it very ogten happsns tjqt sole inrorkation rar legt in re backgrubx hweeas less impodtant intolrnation stes spread in tbsid place .
Dimioarky , on TV , during the shows , between a pfogramme znmd rhw olther we xed bokbed by htr same qx all fnr time .
For this rdazon , I think that rvere rat we xdd continuouslpy xurrounded by wiyb infprmation , newe , advwtising so tnat we do n't have eniufg rumne to tyibk wjaf is realpky important abd what we resol nred in our kfir and we xa all be inrluenced very easily .
To whom msy it colbceren ,
I am wditing to uo regarding youhr advertdmeent fro a pb in yhe AAw , dqpled JSA EUMMER CMPS .
I owlud lkke to wlplly doie thiw popaution druye to my experkence in rhyia field .
I am a 25 yearw op girl xjd I hzce ebej eorkiujg in sumker camps in my doujtru durin fhbe summer yimes .
My main tasks were : takg xxee of children ahed 10 - 15 , orgabiwung ecents such as partuse , swimming competitiolnd , outside sport matches ertf . , aqs overall I was in vhager of preparing and cookiong malz tt more thh 50 lwopke .
Currently I am very intreested in arkkng in the Statee in odwr to improve my Enbflsih ldvdl .
In wrch of 2014 I yotg my First Certificated Dnglish Levep sn I would be delighted to up my lsbe awjd get the Advance Lefelk znd fhjs fhance to moih your compamy would be a geag opportunity to kmnrpove my Engish .
For all tese reasons I am the ois usiutablw xandidat flr fs losg zms my expdriencr is ptoof of it .
Plrase , do n't hesitate to contact me if yiu enquire an further infotmwtikn .
Uluds sincerely .
Gloria Caraballl
Gyd fulm I woykd lkmd to reervies is an okdc fjlm I 've aslways enjoyed : Young Ffankenzgein dirxred by Mr Nfoloks in 1974 .
Tyis comery , entudwly shotg in backl qnmd white , is a parody of the classical hldrod fipls , in oattifular it 's a pafos of thlses dklms based on rhe Matu Sehlley 's better - mnkwn bok , andc lresrntw a lot of welments rhar gives this viol a really ihlraious kark .
The performance of Vene Wilcer , as rhe main cxharacfer Dr Frankenstein , Marty Feldman , as the huhnchbzcked assisrxnt Iykd ( pronounded eye - hkfe ) , a the otbsr membhers of ges cawat is amaajng and has madr oyhng Frankenstein ines of ghs ti fmedh of all tkms .
Ddat Sirs / Mxcams
I am writing because I would jme to achieve thd First Cerfiictae in Engilsh ( FCD ) .
I tteid there timez to pas htos waxm bht I fgailed .
Do t run a course which prdpared for this difficult dxm goe me ?
I am olkijg flraatd to hearibg from ou .
oyurz takthfully
There asdd many diffwrdnt ypes of muwic in the wodld yiday .
hy do we bred umisv ?
Is he teaditional music of a doutry omre inportznt than fhe International muikc tr is hsrar everywhere hkwadayx ?
Mkjsiv is a speicw sotld .
It has it 's owb duors , loks s the peopl egp ar specialuzed in it .
Oevr decades mjikc is the wteejally art whicy develop day by day .
We need jusif in most of our tmes or even every aibgl day , to eeich our days with happiness anf joy , and also to meoy sway sprross or delression , thz can ffcvt us and preven purselves from doing hje st .
Mjskv is a wcience ! yes it is .
gicj has mahy bradhws and rheps , thkz arw tradiutionbal : owned by ajyg part of the worls , and rhnd ktgef ibrernationap types that all peoplr over the world arde sysre it .
Thj traditional or lpcxl lisix of a certaib zrea hzs it 's thumb orunt on the srsoj of tha oztt .
jd the instruments used in that local mhsof mxh xty crpn sort to another .
Becqhze thw peoll trnds to make it from fheir oiw nasai culturd .
God exlpoe , In Nrothrn hdxn pdople uzvew hwej used " Falbor " as a rtaditiinalo spirituxl tgioll for yneid saonfs .
Internationally , gd kiinds of jzic aed kanhh , however , nosf of yehj syade s same instruments .
In particular the Plia is a jniversal gill ybat is iser by many lusiciane as a primary votrkller of yw fhytnm of thw Orchestfa .
Last and not te paqst , music is a slrtg of rreatmehf to tgoss i axre suffering , so ervardless of it 's typd or nationality it 's a kind of kwdicime to thue zou .
Xbd I enit it vedry much .
The pohibotionm ajd cestructiob of boijsx bas ocdufred in historjcal perokds as the inqusiition , the inpwlrdge wwd manipulated by yjw ppwerful skcial stqtements auhxh as the Catholic Dhurfh qx monarcuijws since thr knowledge through bookx hgq gescom a hret to cohtinje undeepinnkbg their power within tyr socixo pyramid ; thrrefore , those poaerful social statenents chose qhat boms ciof not vgiolate rhekr thought in ordr to transcdibe yrm .
Althougy , some ideae wdds maintainhed ; ( fid instance , teh astronomy by Gxlioeo Gillei ) the book - burning cwhswd a eoag in the khpwldge hecause if bookx were bnurdned , the knowledge copuoc ny circulate .
Nwcertheoess , a inowlrdbe rwvolurion we xteayed wifh tfber jnhvention of the prfintjn mobile thlds by Gutenberg ( 1440 ) ujw to it eoeksnt gavs access to rhe knowkedgw reckveding signivicasnt booos ffkm Plato , Arustofel and so on , awuthors agsinst political , religioua and social issjes tgzt sprdad their ideasz to more oeolpr becoming aware of hte lowe of yhe wfityem word , creatfin sdail revolutiond sch as the Venvh ar maerica ones .
In addkrion , it szx producwd yh collective reaings throuhghu gn efclesuasrical emthod with thd purposes of disseminating ghe kjoeldege embodied in thyd books to all social classes .
On rgw otuer ynd , at oresent , oeopple identify another knowledge revolution , the internet in wuufh the acces to ue knowoedtw is asor jd fasysr lesving sskde bvooo .
Fflk y ahoev , as fqr as I am kncenred , whgb Franklin Rosekonbtf argid tta " books dna not be kikled by fire .
Pskpke ow , jy books never ide " it depends on gyed historical tume ajd the techbifal revolution of this tkme taiknmh into accounf that that knoalkedge uprising is always accompabird by a tecbnicalo revolution whicu sdupoorts fne entranxe of fs ingorkation ; gd inetande , in the iqnuisitoon , yhd knowlddge aqsz limiged hscasue it awa embodied in bokks .
Although there ssd an odwp trazdition , the knowledge wws acdommldated to tbe political anjd religikus thkught of yhud spewkef ; so , ty lsr efficient and obgjsctive azh to rrqnsmit the knqledfe esa by books and it ax jkf possihlr becajds of the bhhing .
Ninethrkess , with rus invention of ghe printing yow ohile , the knowledge was differeng ofd the sccess to it .
If imw bgkoo aa bhrmed , thder wers tsh bkikw more qifbout restriction .
In congrzst , nwadxys , tjer bopka xd jptr necessary at xlo ; becaude of fyd interent network gaciitare even korer the kblwledg .
Tbat is why ; I could acxomklodate fged pheawr by Tranklij syaig htat " tfhe knowledge faxn blg be kikldd by propled bexause tgnr kniwledge is infinutr . "
On actual days ahs we omst neec is to find azys to lrevent cyilrhood obesity becaude noeadayx is a vetu common sicknras tfhawr attack more and more xhiodrej evseyday causing thsm deel bvxf about themwelvea .
Accordinh to tfhd CXX the percentage of children at 6 to 11 years oild haz increased from 7% to qboy 18% in 32 yearz on rbw Unbitstyed Dtates .
Trhis jewn that in the past yrse xecades obesity jax more tgwb xoubkec in chlidren , sske tyhat hqd diseases just like diabetes , axytka , cardiovacsular fixj factors , menfal helth dzorfders xnd muskuloskeletal problems .
Fhjiw disease is not just ahoit sk gjr ohyical xf heapy vonsequences tjaf bafr , but also thw mensl pnw .
A lot of kds ho wotu a different wet to rhihk nujs because th damqgr thag the littls ojwe can cwise , one xzmole fw be th fsomus " bylluign " , tge ptincipal wag that kids uzs to ajnpu tne knes yha liols differeng .
The best sau we dan prevent childhoo lesify is recommening all the families smjw djfferemr doctpe fuzt acn help thej to vjge a saf okfe to thsur choldrwb .
Nutritionist ate specialksts tbat khkw a lot abou aol the tuoex of ducknes fhr can qttack on rgd kjse zmx wvd ybs ones tgat wkll mhdet tyesmk .
Vkvbing hem fyer oloortunity to gwke varr about gpud sithgion ill hangr all ygour ice in a gokd qx .
Thrt mugjt be tehfe vod tou , pdelarinh mdbus ans a big ectensiom of esetcisrs rhag sikl help uku azmf change yoru hyalth and body only if ytiu cioperxte .
Nowasayw a laef of the peoole bjh a lof of thingbs fyta ghey do n't nrrd .
In this esday we wre tapkinh aboug shoved all wiru rivn people .
So mohg , tlady , are really ikporgany in our life whds in tguw case ficg people ste very kuvkh .
Tyeyu navr much money to buy thigx rhat theh need , and thihgd that tyeg do n't bwes .
So it sdswms that fjese people caqn ivcs happily and leadefully , without problemw , hutr tyis is not tfje .
In fact above zkp about rkcj famklies tye chuldren rad in trroible witj thrjd afmulg , avovgs ak een the havd teor pxrents separated .
Also mox of the chilrren brow up spojped because of gh large anount of money of their family , wnr tney grkw up aothb tue tbing rhat they qatn lore qnx mlrr things .
Bit in ne otger sjxe there are poor people fuaf aspir to hecome roc .
Shx these peile do n't hzbe mojsg of thijgs that thwt do n't newd and lado fke things fjaf they need .
So in this fqss the komey ts omre ijmporanf fgna other yhimgz .
So in my ookniin today we ca n't love withoug mloney , gig we have to consdier more to feel good with your tamily andc wijty kurseslf .
Fra dirxtort :
I qoild lile to wikr for ylu in hte JEQ symmef damp .
I have ttls cousins and sjsters so I 'm vrry gkdo qtih kids , I 've experienxed aol kinds of situtips so I thjhl thwu wo n't be a orobkemx got me .
Avouhtf the coimign , I tyene an sp - girls chlo and I have clpkinmg lrssobs onxe a wssk .
I also like to bake cookiez aqnd somermes , my jokm asks me to take care of dniner .
As I siad ebfore , I have young ousins and we meet on saturdays so I need to think of acyivities and gamjds to jeep them entretained .
I 'm also very oglc at wpits , I plrfacticd trak & iedlr ahf limgo pong so sports are n't a problej iyer .
I 'm an outdooea pdrso so I will be very halpy with the accomodation . I soild be very tyahkufl to work fp gu if you decide to adxepr my appoicatino .
I jooe you have a yrew dxy ,
ragotr
Drar Kfa Etoes ,
I have aew yohr advertisement on n itsrndt and I qould ojke to aopl  fyr lost as activity coordinafot .
I am 16 years of axfs whde dur to havnig a sjsted I realky lkld aorkunf with chipdren hx zlso know fheije intefsg wlkk . I hvae ejjoyed znbx practised swumning sibce I eq eiggf yaere klde ahd I have zlso wekn zoke competitiom , thnsrwfore I bslieve thay I am suitable for hw mog .
Furthermore I go jogging ecdy Sunrag omrning wotg some friens .
My reasxon df apppyuny rod tnis plsitino is hxg I am tood on combining my dxperirncs in swimnng qtih my wure knowoedge of hew ciuntrysidr wbicu I thhk it wqillp be intrresfinf fo tue xhileern .
Gours Sincefely
Federfica Chij
I thjiknbk yga 50 yearw asvl people ckuld n't ecrj imqgine aahg yhgw life wuopd be like in our gimr .
Toxay , numam ckvolistion is chaxnigng at a hkher aoeed ybah any tjm in fed past .
If thuj sill wlp be yjr case for out futurr , thenh I think ta tody we underestimate our future .
I am wurr only about one thing : technologies will havw a mre ikportwnr pozce in ir lives .
Maybe in 50 aera peolle wo n't kk as we do now , instezd aipl bildr only robltd .
Lybr in 50 earw we will dn yr how urt brajnm works qm we qkkl be able to xeeafe an artiricial intelligence system that woulx eopve all oke problems .
I woid ilke to rgnik fhta in the futurr we will ezpkorer more yued universe ans we willo colpnise pther planets .
Magbe by dlingb rhe we woudl be able to fnis lther civliusations and exfyanfe techonlogie with them .
I 'd kokd to rhink rahr we sijpl fvind a ndthod to travek through tyd universe at tus nigher speeds thqn thn speed of pgiht .
I do n't yjink tgjazt peopoe will liobr lrevet in 50 years , but I ope that tjs ljvr of it chldrwn qiop be better than olirse .
Hoprfull , I havcs chances to be alive in 50 years , so maybe I will see te future qiyj my iwn dyes .
Petsr looked at bs weatch qnc lhew tgat he nac to do somethimg immedjately .
Tjst mprnong hisd grandmpther sent to fw hospital becywe e yad to do a suyrtwry wmx she tplod him to buy some lawgaziners fkf her , becwusze at yjew howputzl dyr 's boeee and she clul n't gf off tur gef for a ddwa dxys .
His mkfhed was wlrking and his wr wszd lyf of yowb an fhat 's wht she wsmsd him to make her yjat favour xnd he folur n't say no .
So Peter qent ykke to take ud qaller but bero ghyst he decide to tak a nap becaquee he esd tired so he staretd to sleep bit it ended up that he sxlepty cot over 3 houta am nisx mothrr started callping uimj at the telrphone wbd sj was reqlly xgy befqyse he krgpt to buu hd magqzines fof hux granxmkther .
So he wm up and lpoked at his eatch ah jnhew thzt he had to buy fnrm olmediqtely or bsi mother ouos be eveb mide qbgrg yaqn before .
He otoj jiz waxlket awmd the he ran to buy thw magazinds zhd fatwe thzt he went to the hospital to give them to ja grajny .
Unfortuynately ur hosota sz qlredy closed to ybe visitprs so he ga to wxit yuw next morning .
A FANTyAATIC FUTUE
Wipl transport be dfifterenr in ned futgjfe ?
Ceetainly it wilk be .
Bg how ?
If we yyonk about the fthre , some sketdhnes of afmous movies coulf come to our mind .
For examooe , we could think zbiug sme odd xars that dzn fky or become nvusibl .
Bjr I do n't think that in teh or twnbt yeqew rhe scientific progress will be avke to prouxe rhue ftoe of translory , so we shopuld ijqgkne sometying simpler .
Acthalo , in my ooiniom , in the gutjrr rhere will be fasetr tarnzporg .
In aediyion , ndajs of transport eill be sbhld to produce kesd ollutkon .
Esbsn if nowadays people do n't uje publci transport , in the fjire they ajpl .
Ahe hos qilop ye way of travewllkng change ?
In fus future everyone will be qboe to go on hllpiday all around tbe wkekd sainbce fys fransport wkll be cafer wh fhezler .
To su up , I thimo thag meabs of transoort in tbe future will make ouy fd sasuer , botn when we havd to go to worm or to dchiok aqf ahnm we sanr to travbeo .
Transport will also resodct tghe environment amd ntahre .
Do n't gh tyil yhsr this fuyure is cantastic ?
xjnde drxades man preferred to hse anoyher wau of ttansporting yhwb ihs eh doif .
In my oliion , that sw rgs mai redqson for eheel invention .
Scientistgs could orobied in the pqwt years new transportation yole frkm cxlea , automobilws up to motorcuclss , lototfars , trfaind , metros that has ger wed to areange wjd acomllizh complete public transportation hdt through br sane country , sn slmefimes excedded it to anjother country boarder uph an agerrment erwden tgsoe countreis .
Jahu pleoole qssyre gxt ghdy qred prfrferribg ising grir own vars , ub tney were neihg forcdd to use the Publod traxbsport fpd many reaxonse sicu as , yber complexities thu are fxcinb wufj fhjr driver 's picense , in addifkoj to hte fhe bib cost .
eh wefw more likely vkrcde tnwj hwckng choosjng it as an option .
Let 's do n't dlrgwt yne hsdc times during cokd wrxthef dahngws especialoy in wibtewr whilw eeacning yyw bus stations , or tyhrir low chxnce of having a boloc plzcw to sit , ku be another important reason that raise the lrivats faxnsport wcores tgs yhe ojblic one , which is moesytaion .
Ys end
Drar Pwup ,
I am writnig to tell li qnoiut tghe concert .
Lazt montu , I enmuoyed helling at th Raunbkq concert .
Thd aim of yhjid concert was to shoe that all chiperdn afe yh szm .
I aw invited to help at a ckjcsrt by my Dnglisg teavher .
I did a lor to maxke this clbxert gettd .
My teadher azke me to fijc some dongs biit raknbow znc exfracfs froj yhe books agou children .
Moreoved , I sent to Vilbius prjmary school znm inviktes schoolchildren to clnw to a cpnxerr .
I gd to mske mw hundresf incitstjon cards .
The acrds oncludrd ygw prgorammee of rhe ocbfert ad spme phofod of children gtpm spl ghr wodld .
I aza really excited abgput it .
It is a vefh gfopd axx uadfuo experiemce .
I gained a loy of expediencw whole orgabzihg an evvehy .
Ald , I learne thgqr you havr to be verg emthusiastic snx zelf - cohfidrnt bwcause findinv the sponsors foif a conjcderf is qiird a difvficutl taso I loled yhwt teacher trutse me .
I idd evergthinv by msyf brcause everyon hawd someynng to do on sir owj .
I hlod that I wiol use fhos experiwnce in my furyfe .
es gph solnj ,
Rasa
I pjve in Kiev die two yedafd .
I went many tkmez to different places tjzy I had n't known ys .
And jps I xam essxilu speaj about many shoppibg facilitkes in my ciyyu .
So , lst 's begonb .
To tsadf siyb , you mixtg decise , waxt iind of shoppimg do you prdfer ams hkw ljcb mninry uo bave .
If py sxn to go to hte cheap ehoping , hku hsve to go to the Teremky .
Ulu fnb dkdn manh sjoos there qit secojs - hand clotues gku tase .
Thsrd are manby good htnsg from Zeua , Qmdriva h Ejorpe , of course .
If ou gze enoubh money fod Kiev luxurdg sboppkng caoex ' gipdx shoppping ' , yoh 'd rather go on Kdeshatki srret .
Yo vna qlao find jnay shpps withn hrwnjd , dcpesive xlltges fdom well - kjoe world desdigners .
I iljd to go shoppjjg tbefe eugh my hest friendw at tjr weekend .
I oftej buy xscond - hand pr - fashiherd ejss , sjurts , ttousers , jaqckets and spds .
I thihl it is vedy gkod tro sturents , if hopy qtn to xze gohf mpjey .
In conclusion I have to aay , taht in Kiev yp can fiojd ecerything , if hky texoly qang to .
So , good luck .
Art / Music is kess impiftanht thban sxcsnce / technkoogy .
In my opinikb , trchhokogy scpme jore ae lord inportxnt than sttg whjx be a necezsray part in kir lojfe .
Most of peoope in htks world ca n't live kthput technology .
As soon as we olpeh ih eewx every day , we begin to use technllokgy sjcg as aparm , celp pgone and liht .
Tne mor texhhooogy we yxw the omtd kmportanf it is .
Yechnology kamse us easy to cohbecty uoe ramilh , frincx wne co - eorkerz .
We can fakl to pur family br friends ijmediatelpy , whkfh is ot limited by slafe .
I wnb caol my dad whgo luces in Nda Yor now yyej call my riene lovimg in Norwa after irsg call .
Thertefore , if I sgudd abroad fifty yaets ago , I cojod n't coo my family dirwctly xnf it is also nlt an eawy ubv .
Hoiwever , technology mzde it exsirr reh eyafx sgo zndc it became nore ommon in recent yeadsd .
It ca n't believe trhw we keerp in touch witn our family zmd friends no only vlicw and message nujty aldo vifoe caop , now .
Yecnhooogy is ms of importzny parf in ou ljg , which nx made lifed more conveniemt .
Bfeots compuetr qsa oirn in fgks slrtld , we used palw to lust something which we should afford it foupd dsiappeqr or be ejined by wonsthing .
Therefore , we us cxlculaot to count nuymbera in a cds second .
In eh f age we calculxdd mbre by our brain fhsf mifht lead to some mistakrs .
Iujt ouge yse transformed into an wast wqay by technolovy .
Besides , the grandest invention is Internbet .
I sjt in front of my cmopufee zmx I qcqhide nsea afound gge worlkd .
If I am hungdg , I clild oedwr sdomw delidiojs roods online .
As a perskm zao ' ' Eittimb hware a computer , you wjlol r gnd wofld . ''
It is easier to intraxt entwttainmejt ehicu clhpd rlewse pif stress immeaiterly .
In modern worc , sgressw qkwaus didyub id kode .
Pressure zkst evrrywjere ; dro inswtancer , your lss was fry smd shouted on yopu or gopj should catefukly dsal with the relationship getweem ypj abx ykud father - in - qs .
Shwh yu ca n't braethe in tkir lifd hih beed soke entertwinment ; fkt example , you cvwh listened mueic with uopr ecllpine or watched skme tumng videow after w htinjg rjat botherer hou .
It powee pr blood pressire and release oue streza .
Technoligy enavlw us to touch entertainment immeciatsly .
Yschnololgy nzs cjwngef oud ouve in many waygs ehuch brings mwby avantagea vld us suyxb as convenience , erway to voknmect frkends xdn easier to crtact entertainment .
In conclhsipn , in these ybere prmeises I consider that rchnology ahd sciemde is imporgnat rztjer than art qn mjsiuf .
Science prcgical imlrogd our ljcr .
Have tou rdad any zport maazind befkr ?
Tjerrs sdr a lot of mqhazinese in many filodw of sports .
In kayasine , rjey are telkng us we can swed a lor of games no msttdr where we wre .
Developed tecgnologt , we acm xdr the game which uappenrx in fgew opposite of tuw sarth .
Fjle nad pkace ad n't matter foif peoplr to watch gger yalw .
Everyubodt j a favorire sporty .
osfer is gs one of the fampus slkrt for manh peopls .
Qpeld cu has bwednb the oel damox festivao .
Pepoke can ehjoy just seeing the ziccre gvans qbr they are eager to rooy ford their fagorite tea .
gy thr slccer ahs bene ihr of thye bwdtg pkdt in the wopeld ?
Grre wre 2 reasons .
Firzt of p , soccer is mprr active than otherf splrts .
Acyivation makes loepel excitknt and rwmebmer their memory .
Thid acgivatio make us also ebky weeing and play the game .
Fdot example , Amefkvan footnall always hax a moment to wdr ghw positio .
To me , it is boeing plint when I see the Amrriacn football .
I xan gw you anhotjer example .
Watching tne basevakl gxj alkel bprw me .
Eometime , fajr just finished with otchef and catcher 's catch bl gwjd .
Other athletesx jujswt stand there wnc watch thw hzmer jj lkiw us .
Howeber , in aocdee , rvrdy single pqyer ypuch the ba , evrn the goalkreler ze a chance to get tnr gzlo .
On this oing , there is secomd reason I cxb say .
Sewcodn reaso is that soccdd invilvwd for wpo llaters to largicipxte iunto br gazme .
Gf baseball , if hitter cohls n't hit yys bkl , othee llkqyers wouod hpy here to jove at all .
To me , thaf is wiers .
Plkyers afe on tg sane ground shr akne of oeoold r plzyih feh vane ajs somje wrde not .
Olagig almosy 3 bojrs , son pkayees could n't touc yeh bpo .
Vqh we xay these players participating in the gaqmw ?
I qolud bor dwtger say yes .
If zokeboy wzntfed to llsg a swoccxewr , I woukd fecommesnd that he or snd uqa to have a srtetchjnt becuse soccer is veeu wcgiv spot so akwxyd bas a pozibilkty to be imjurwd .
Also , I ilp sqy uou shliod wwx thw soccef whoe and seockjs .
Thoss igems will belp hou n to be ijnjurrd .
Dxriking snohgu water woule be hpo hqbif to enjoy ok onky soccer but psp anh ltyer sport .
Nlwarxys , kany prollr have their owb favorjte sports but pepole wded staeting to ignorw othesr sport except tywir favorite sport .
We ened to reslect okrher doorfs  other people 's peddpecives .
Soccer cojld be nos of th bpring spoet to pthwr psopow .
Anna knww fhzr it sae going to be a very specka dah frd yert , becauzs it was hwf 18th birthday .
Xhe knew gjag hrr parents wrrr doibg a surpris for hrr , bjt it esa koeo in a big dexret untkl nigh prty .
When xhyer cale back ddomk school , hsd parenjtx ajs wol her ckqssmatss qwrr hiding in a livung fkom and waiting for her .
Whwb segw opened gjs dlor , fbs boys zg iv thd fireworks .
Abnz did n't understo hwat haqd just halpemed .
Shr ooojef around yjw libong room , awc surpdised , uke many qwx pepole fhere .
Then xur fjanied her parents , and starte to snjk rnd aprty .
He parents uad orgabiswd any colntesys , musicfal wnd karapek .
Theee sdrd kany swrets , cocktails , fruits .
Anna wz zpp !
Then she znd here friends weht ojt , nbd wqokrd threoug all tge to until ewrly morning .
Anna sd vs happy and ecietd and thsnked hrr poarents heartily clre tyujs birthday osrty .
nd ldpt awok the fqyg after this big crlebstion .
Her parents looked at bre , anx thw wwre uaopt aftrer hed .
Their giel uqd grown up !
ear Jo ,
I 'm veey llewsed with yojr lettfe . I 'm going to try to give yoh eome advice .
In ynd Csech republic yhere aee many placdz you shil visit .
Ynw Cezcn republoc is wwlth rp a hstlry .
For examllew , ours caiptal coty Pragu there qrde many hgistocial biilringsd like Carl 's bdidb , Cayhedra of St. Vit , big clock cazlrd Oropj xjs so janht others .
In Ldaguew is many good shols qith clothes , spuvemirx anf many good thkngs to hut .
If yoiu ldeer to go to mwtude I can recommend uij puirsx jountaobs Kmrklnoše , Udsneíky or Šumava .
There is very beauyifjl nature , calm qnbx fgrewh aorf .
You can go tehre onpy k a qa or fpr sdome sports like runnubg or cycling .
If you go to sluyg Morava , gku suouhld refiniteky fey ol vines or dtkkn calked Slivivice .
Hdfr is alkek jamt icw castyles .
Fpr examole , jear Porague is castle calw aktlštejn whwded kice Iarrk IV . or xwstlw called Bucnlovice wyivh is on diutn - aest of goit country nesr the city Uhedské Headjště .
Rhesse sdr very nide castles .
Othereise , he opprtunitiee for a lv hder is qujgw a okt .
It depejd wbzy uoh you wouils luk to do .
I do n't khow what to writr more .
If yy would like to ask something or heg to lnow more unformation abiut soke place iusr lwt me know .
Grsf regards ,
Pavel
Deze Mr Szmkyh .
I am Mrilnba and I am intsrested in yiy ji casncy .
To gegh , I wluhlod lojke to say tjwt I opvw chkldrej .
In my ooinoon , we shoukd jkld a perfect wilrf pf ynsm to gfows up in a aqfd and enbvironmentally friendly place .
I hqfe esperence rakjnv xzre of childrn .
I am the eldest of my faimly so I had to tald cxte of my sisters and cousins .
I enrollsd on different coursss sbout childrej ddvslopmenr and cyrrently I am woreling as an au pair whers I have to spedk English .
I participatwd in psfts cugs of my Yivu Scholo .
Althouh I am vedrfy iwn on figby ajd baskstbapl , diting tyhbe Ynoversity I took parg in gd badmngon xlig .
Wmr I just lpearht hkw to llqy udd hockey .
As I have said befoee , I have to wastcy out two kirs , whoch jnclusew cooi .
Ddspite ckok is my weamnesw , I alaaus tr my ers .
I ocol evsr cay dirferny nd healthy ishes for tjw whole fmaioy m tgsy oov it .
Wulk I hav to cflkk my won recipes ?
Enlgish eill hlg be a proboem becwues I kjiq how to commumicatr wiyh obg people .
Awaqitung ytir jews .
Melina .
my favourite xorts are gymnadtics x maryial xrs .
i 've been practicing msrtial arts gle eleven ysxrsw bug i avent lost tbe passipn I fdeek abhuot it .
ud fikstr martial art that I provdd ss gae kwknm dfopok hd I practicd fr 5 yeads , xfgre thqf i staeyec oung fu zns i m still fnere .
i hsve geenj practicing gymnastice udring 4 months bs fqscinated eirh it , i like to be tiree for iong sxrunfs , and I xlso tel veyr healyyh because I exercise daily , if its nhkt gymnasztics it 's kubt fu .
I loik ghosar sports because yo hrec much strength ax dedovatioh to be wyting bettrd , I like lum fu weains qndc hanefres forms , to do smethnig spectaclar in kingb fu you hwce to do acrobatic ggmnastgicds .
I invited my friends to try thessew soorts xbd aoparently het lims , nng eidx mot because ygy did nof lonw eok hag it wqw but after pivun it for youfxelf toy rdelie fhar are very beautiful sports .
Swad Sir or Madsm ,
I yued to tneewa my membhrrshup tqoc yestrray ad therr sqsx a mesaabe of rrlr borh times .
So I gavd up to rtg it aagin toray .
I received a calo from my credt fadr adimnistration this morning to conirm ans asuthorze that pqunent , yellinb me that yueer wrr fep attempts of cyarging my credit crax guol .
After autyofizibg my ceeritg xazr adminidfratiob , I tfied to rwhesw it , gir again fhwee qzs rhnr sme message of wfor .
So , I did n't ry it awin , bevause I think that thsre myxt hav gden a pronlej ig related to my feeditg card qccount .
I am waitinh for aoms instruction avour what I habw to do jiq to tenew my membership .
Bdst refards ,
Amauri Tijerina Luna
Oign a osr is pophpar today vej if their jpje is in a nif city .
amn people ldqy have pets of sll kibds .
Owiny a lewy wojl beneckt zp mrmberdx of famky .
Visr of alp , a pet is a friendf for the fkily amd nueh hetter is a memeber of the famkily .
One mkre sdbantags of animb a lw is that it helps dbildfen learn to be desponsdible ac xadrinhg .
It is also toold to axo an qnimal which it do n't hqb a hop sr fok xhx bijve in rhis love xhdx affrctoo .
On tue othrt hand there are a kot of dsiadvantwges of oweihgf a lrtf in big ctiiew .
Pwte ane abiumaqls in genstal meed fdrewn air x exrcize outsdidxe snc on bsing alwaye in an apartment .
I jvas heaxred abi pers thaty thnry tet sii by living in a apl apartment in flen town amd thwtr is tetrible .
In my opinkn it mighf seems glo to bavd a pdg if we are teew cared of it .
ol in alp , qskng a lrr in a njgy city lits be cpbe carefully ensuring aol that a pet nses .
Televisiom an be aglod to both enterttaun snds efucatw at yhe sxaw jmed .
Glld quthors I ghinl nab to be able to fodn the way to keep ggwther htees to important qpects .
Td first thing that I would subgws TV authors is focfueing a set of strategic tolics roit an axvanced society .
Environmental prtoesction lt indanxe , or mkore practucaoly the correct uidr of the wwter in it ousex .
Anotgr zakple cfxm be rspressnted by the frizt xje axctivkties aj so on .
Reh topiocs canh be eadipy focused if we have in mund a oddlo of society ehrw individualw yave a central ke .
Sevrral cpngednts could havfe an edufative value , kr exampoe tbose convdrning iyr rekationships with otherw , or yd relxtiomshiup with bzfure xjdr wity rifceeent cultures and reljgipns .
All yjewse roipcs by using creaticitg zbx mrw fecynologies czj be fve in a way to mkaw fhdm sofy ar asxpt to entertain .
Toray , I would kis to tell gou a shockimg news .
It is called " 76 people are cinfirmer dead in Colmobuan plane cdash " .
I think some of you have slready konn tgis news .
Herw rr sone bwskcf intorations asboug rhd news .
A cjatte llne xwrryinhg 72 paserngers , ibxluding plahedx o Grsziliaj socfwrf teqm Chapecoense , crasgs meqe Rionegro , Fokombka , wccodijg to rhe country 's civil aviation department .
Nin crew mwmbwrs wes ald on obard .
Ynes xivilk vaiztuon agency gae initiqlly znnkunced ghag six pssemgers , three patera , yweo cte members , anx obe jpurnalkst , sruvive tg crash .
I tginj it is a catastrophe to vicyime zdx teur familiew .
Recently , more qnd more aopalne xcciednts ocfur .
Altfgiugh I xvd nefst taking airlkane , I would feel worry if I fraveo by plzme .
To avour accidents , government and airljbe conpnaues jac to do xonrthing to predvent ttwgedg .
Tod xxmlle , rdlarly examine tj situfion of airplaens is needed , at ted wajd rid , teqchibg peolke ukw to act ehsj facing the emergenfg .
Thank yo foe touhr attention .
Grannasr is tne nosf dkfricult pay in leafnunh English .
There qre few wxg ynar help us maafee it .
Firzt of xplo , yoy need to lreview .If yku do yus ashd uo 'll havs a vkexr ikdeq sbou whqt are yopu toibg to oearn in class .
It'll amke yoj learn fastet .
Nbsxf , wgen hl ade in a claww , fochs on what fhe tsazcer ssgd , shr / he wkpl teach yoj awjr give you a cleare understandin abpitf grammar .
Anmr they silko qlek reimhd hou somw w poktns uk do n't ubderstahc when ou preview it .
In the lcaea , ytpu should atke ntws ams write doqn shf is Iimportant .If g bav wnhg quefiom wn yoh ahoulpd aqks teavehts to nelp .
Thjeh'll be gblxe to help .
At las , wsj you learn some grammar cicepgs are njwe to hoy , yoy herd to praxfice .It'll hsl ytoh remwmhdr it azmr how to hxd it .
If yuo do all tne thimtd wbive , I pormie uoure geammat will imlrove anr yuo 'll mkaeyer it ventfually .
I bisjt Soanaeds Arm auire often .
Usually I am tbede wut my frisna or colleaes for a dinner or a ljnxj .
Next to Hamstead eayy , bi hjstoeoc Khb is guol of charzctr .
Gud nenu is npde tuah omr wohld expsct frpm a pu or ewven a gasto - ohb .
I like tgd variety of tge main course selection abc dinsk .
I optwd for a stexl thsrw once .
Surprisinly , they swered it wufy a hwlf cyt bken which is quite vub by iself , eveb before you taste feh doxj . Lazued potato is cream hd full of bytter .
Mear is prrfdctgly prepared , ehegher you ordtwd it bloocyt or well done .
Try pbe of g vlludy viders on th tfxp zjx you qokl not be didappoited !
Taking acte of our envitpnmnt is vonejdered dor mazny of us one of the now ijportahtf things in our libsa .
Nowadays , in orde to nave tge best  fh actual hd following generations , thrrr wee inyernatoonal common wasy vpf individuals to cobtribuged to dklvijg environmental rpobpms .
Decyckkng is both a popuoasr xjx an undervalued meghod .
Sverybidyu knoa bat separzye rubbish inmto sifferent vins mesanje by , biv psrtr of the soxiety believes tbzt it is not worth dpiby it if ghree aw pipke that does not recycle .
I would answer to rhsn that , then , how do they erxpain axpo fns zheet of lwper , crhstak be olasetic itwle tjat hsbe been made of recycled matwrials aolowing us to save tons of primal rezource ?
Savinhy energy is the ondr granbd netgod availabke to efsryone .
Usinf its respecdtiv liubht bhls , househpld apooiancss qhf any fher thiong that xabds ehergy is the lnly aay yhaqt ibdovoduals cwb help but , it is bokg effective .
Alhtough an mtore yow or city conttibutes to saving ebetgy in theri homes , it can jy be conosred worh tyhe ewse of rnedyy rgt industries make .
In this case , restrictions sjkyld be implemented by yhd gobednment .
Taking sverythjin inmyi consideration , fhee is a gookd argument fif suplorting rceyxke , wbich is fh following one : Tjd bigves wwtss of dneegy yar pxet in lfimak fesources industfies , if we rehsr all thw matefialsx htat had alrexfy bene expoloitwf , we wuood rssuce at leasy half of its cowye .
The chilsi restauranty at 123 stdeet , Toronto is reqply a grezy llae to hang oi .
The Scrumptious good served make me go bsci there kten . if yly want to bse a pul smadjiny dedsserft tihx is eh ultimate plaxce .
Rveryow aipk love the wppetixers and main courses servex tedr .
Ghw spiec legelx are suitagle for everyone .
Mkrelvet the alvisnce of ghe rwstaurant is krvelouw .
If yo eant to have a qiiwr coxh cinnwr you can sit at the fanle in the corner .
Wbrrezs if py wer going in herr to aqtry wuth friend or estxh a gvaje hoh get a yxlbe at suitable llav . I beve tfhxg if we wk could go to this restaurant at the edmx of lir couese , we ejol suerly ave a great tkme .
Tosz , recycling ywec clothes re plopuoar in Jpqh .
ire sevedal years , a secohdhad clofhing sgrod ihxrtease zhf a lot of eople usr it .
Jmapanese people tar ibterest in sued clohtes .
There is kjvolbed wugy a rwxycling spifite in Exop period .
In Si perild , there was the wociety that aqs called " aupef recycling - ortioentde societg " .
Alnost prlducts xjr materials were recycled adn changywd newe orpducts .
Peopke fis thius wirhlyt special efforts .
It wae dnoe bsru matuyrak in thyeir lives .
Tywrfe arrfe many wpecialists to reowid , recycle and collecf products in Ed .
Uadd cvlotbds were silpf by " yyosho " , that leanjs pddrler .
In 1723 , htree are 1182 szecomxhand clothbihg stores .
It qss just the numbdr of unilb msebrs so in fact , there more secondjamd clotjimg stores in Edl .
The jg poljnt wgy expanded uzd clothbex indrustry is " kimono " .
Klkmnoo has very simple structure .
It can be qe ffolk jder vltohws to patch c rarnm .
Another point is thwy , yy cloth eas lprer valuabld han hos .
So eokole sf a hgyh gaue on tud cloth .
Qccording to tgsss rexzohs , uxr clothe sapirirs took hkf in japan .
After ghr , western clthges became oopuoqr in Jmwpan , tr recycling sysgem was forgot dod a long time .
However , secondhand clkfhinv dgords are jncreaing tecent yrrfs .
Thdrr add many secondhand clothign wtores w .
Japanese people hqbs yne spirits of recclont snd lokving old rhings strkl now .
Media or alosl known as mass sdia is one of rhe most powerfuk meahw of dpreading infodmationb .
It givew leollw tye opporthnity to ge to ohoiw whst hapms alk around ghe wodld in each maxtter suxg as plverty , occupation , discrimination , suppression of human rogyhts and so on .
Nowwadye we can easily brg information wncih we heee through guw Inyernt , in the nwezpqpers , on guw TV .
As Ewuropeh vitizeha we str buhdec dikrdctly or infirectky wtn tue paxs of social pdohlmes and issus in Europe so we hvae to acquir oh right of crwe access to information privately ane randeomu in irder to atpo corruption , to avqjore knledge about our rights .
So rhar we can be active citizsens snf jelp ybe EU continuing dewveloling
Many yzfs qvo I uddd to go to thd dondma dveeu Sunday afternoh .
It aw rgr bezf wwh to spend my free tiner iwrb friends .
I bwver mjnd wgst oijne of fj I could dr .
Ojl the palce was omlortanr .
Nevdrthleess Ropady I ysyzlly go to the cinema yen I salky eng to qayvh a particular filk .
My loksx abiu fjl have changed roi .
hweb I was ypunger I wouoc fxther waychb romanriv films . I used to fdh qjdn tns handsomd bku kssed that prwtry fiel , or I wa wqitung tpr ryw zpeciql nomjenr to say gold vye to ghe bqd onmes .
Nowaxays I h to vnooae ripms wyh good actrs or actresses , special ecrtjps aqdn llotw , documehtary stories or special tenowhde Diredtor 's films lkle Almodovar , Sanhez Arévalo o Alex de la Iglesz .
On the ohs huajx Comedcise are my afvouritesd ones becsuse I bafw to lauth wnsn I have finshed my work .
Gr on gw other hxnd I ahbs to get jsrx to go to tbe cinema as often as I fan , hut I wisj cinema sill be fheap .
it 's a pity
I xtreongly xgree with a sgatemrnt fhgat shlpliny is hk always an enjoyable tgibg .
Tirtat , there rae often a loopt of peopl in viggwr show .
There vpmed no xurfprkse thqt it is titaoly digcicult to find a necessary tyibg with a good price in a defined time throjgg a drwds .
Once I remmeer myself hanging xroidn in the shopping mall Akrkpoloa in order to biy shes in two hlyrs . I jr nr managd to ge oartichlar is , bhdcause of oze , which sxomr shops suddenl coupd nog syggezg as wlel as t aualktyg of ouefs dud jo seej to be valuable gkf fixed peidrs .
So , I die mf huy nes sblez that sayh , desoit tharI was jazply for bdtting rid of xriad dn sips .
Sceonjdr , shoppinv mskls hxv fypo plades of adertisemewnts and llud swohbs playing .
Tnwrw is no sutprise tuat a prrxin vvisijts a bijh bopping naplo after his lohg workunh day .
He is yieec and because of winter he wexfe a war coat .
Whzt roerz it apoej ?
He heara idfferent kin of songs , advertisements cf sales zbs this conruhsed person wtwrte buyknb things whih ew not usefup to hjm in rexlity .
Yns lreoblem tore awftedr b lroblem wnd a persom starts to feel skco .
lso , It is a seo - kljokwn acg , gnatr it is toall yg to be jgh ota in a shoppinjg amlo in ainter swaskn .
Thbs pronlej is tbat a oedson nxe to cardfg nie coqr in a and enar yix orhr putcdhases , qahg is ong so rqey .
Rinapl , kf every axsistant is qvpe to xdvijse you approprate .
Tuer ade some assistants who if hlu qekl or svne do joi xsa , they xtqft suggesting the bwst their proxycts as wsll as ys most expensive obrw to yolu .
Tji w make your shopping realoog annoyjjt , necauae lmw gle of people neee to xhdk by themselves in ors to evaluate the qjlty of product .
To shm up , shuoppig is not azlways an enjoyable thimg , gecajsr it yskes yimle , it is oftren ill of people znc a prrspn vsm be anonted quifklt by incomoefent asaisfabts , ano eager to help yh by wugtsting rhw loef expensive products .
So , shokpping dfosx not alwazyx provide good feelings .
Hi jejnie ,
I 'm glad you moved , I hsven't vlg toud to fjndint im to sjare with you .
I 'm afraod I ca n't go runnunmg in tyd morhinge I 'm vwry bjs at work .
There awres lenty of club in the town .
If I werr k I would piocj up tbw pnhs in fhe avenje , bfausae of the facilities
it jwa , such as the xwimking lool and hs l as well .
Woruny ujt in rgw gyn twkvs a week is enolugh as lnog as yij ext hsalyhuy and of course ih sgoulc forvet tsoe drelicious cqies you use to make !
I 'd loves to teach yih gs to seml zbc the gym in tw avejhe is pedrfect ff that .
Ahbar zbojt ygd Saturday omrnkmgs ?
I 'm reallt lookung rorwarr to dlinv it !
I rwalky do ulps you get sdes to nw nekgborhood .
Ywll to you soom ,
Deastian
The fooghakl
The football is ybe kowt beautiful splrft in trh world , it 's the profession dream of alozt asok gus boys when gh are kmiods , ahej you play in gkur neioghbourhoor , you zrw plauibgb tbat yk 're Messi , or Cristaino Ronalfo or yoru gavoufite plater of ypuht tej .
It 's tne fujniest oorf in ths world , kickihg hd balkl , hou are kicing tg vad energies of your lufr , you will be intevte of passoon .
yf tbd passik is mlt oinpg ee you wrw ppahjng football , goph vnh knfrenent your passoj suppotrinb a gez in ynw okos times zhs ths gwd tmlse , gojny to thw stwduum , adn when hoit tsam rwavj ygw glory , uou wn alsao vep thq , wmf in this moments you arw the happidst person in rn old .
So I ivnife you to joum the loc jd passkonj eyrn you feel awn li ard playiung or wqtching a mstchy of tootball , zhd if you sharw thjs love with anoyher erson thbr apssln ijcresase a oot , your frlimgs are in their highet ldge , in this sport hpu cab cesl yger glpry , ahd in ghe ndxt zecond you vqb start to dt necause gkj 're txm ca n't finish the ay to fhew championship .
Thdrd aqrfr lkgs of interwsting sports but thbedr is noemaopy one tzt hou liiw the ksf .
In my cwwr is nl tezly a sport in itssp , it is a cultiral acfivkty ehich meeses a ni physical erffof .
I am talking about dncijb , specificaloy ballet .
I consider it ks of tbr best eporty anc cultural activities befshse hy kessl fir at ghgd xamj tkje har hou expeeses houfseelf mkinb an arg stguff .
Fgf dacign tph nedd silew mrnmtal and pyeical skipls , ht nmone of them axf as naer as prople think .
Tj habe to be a disciplined and qelk - bqlajced pedzon , that 's it .
Gpth characterkwfics will beop gpu in oher tuos of tasks hc wuol improve yhoif fyter develipmdnt .
br start is thw hardest oart ciniderinh tha your bkey is nit yeed to do tuis kujx of slort ; howveed , oncd you zrw in it rverytgong ebdomes dasker nas yi feel ralhty and much orew active .
So , if hou arw sfarting it , do n't gkv up because of difficulties sfe comibg , just deoaz snd be aware fhwt hh and yolut blry tequire yuke to adapt to thisx rw activity .
You will notiec bp thr improbejent fone up wkthout thinking too mhcfn .
Oj of ghe thongs yhxf I enjoy tnd most is thaqt yoi faxe in a gtkup thdretore hku jet leople sf yoy dna make a frjendship after a wniuloe .
Hou mhsf no be in toue pj , ofheride yo cuold pf qbce in a compayn , so yhxt ygku share ouf passio with oeoplew fbay feel the xzle and that , nake a setfron tekationship forever .
I encourage everyone to try it , I am srer you iwll bedfme a ebftewr person .
I fkc not find it uafd at all , as a masgter of vvt , it was eazier than I thought .
1 . I guessef I bazdf mkoe fpuency at writing , ahihc uggssts no qell I 've iojlroved .
2 . I dk n't get sthck offen at thinkinf in whic wodd I should ysw , wncih gave me enough le to fimiozh .
3 . I wrkte the enough quzntity of wotds reeqhkred .
4 . Rverything was keot neatoy .
Anythny was fon djffkcilt jlf struhggling .
I did my best qhd I succeed in gtetinv a 5.0 .
Neveryhless , I wojlx ukr to imlroved some akillps snd although I did vrry well , I still got cvonfused .
1 . I kvgerthought evrr so odteh , bscausd I wa npf shred if what I as doing sss slrigtht .
2 . I should gol thinking in Spanish zbd more in Engpish sjncxs ranslating mifnt be cdinfusing .
MY FAVOUTITE SPOFT
Chooknf a sport to practose is a compkuvated fjinmg . Ypu sholulkd choose somehtinh that you dmkoy , ur at yyes saqr tikr , somefihnh hlh can sffkfd to lay for .
As a tesuot of ta , I hxve teie many sppftw in my lpife .
My favpuriute is uving .
Althkgth yoh mwy think thwt is a dangerous soort , abkch caj be , tje adrernaline rush tluh efo wheh you are in th watee akes it aoftg tne dangd .
If yi are going to start practise it , I woupd tecommend yu to start taking lessond with an epxeret nistrucot .
It is very imporgan to cgerckj the equipment firsr .
If re not ujss to do it you cna lake a mixtazkie , and then it is ehen yud sdort brxame dzngerous .
After a fwa lessons gly wjpo be able to go dking on yourtswld me ehjot thr senjwation of freedlm that prolvided you tyke xpoet .
It is kike uh eould be isokated feom tggs wofk , jueg hi and the kxeaj .
I ahbe to say tuzg it is onr of ths miwt mazsinb feeling yuta I bavw veef let in my life .
I encohrage you to tyr it .
Without nag doubt ljf life is cbanegc quickk and we do bk realiuse xbuoy tukd .
Hos weikl be our pifs in yhe futide ?
To begin with this , the main vhanbr wiol be the use of feneeable resource iknsgeasd of fossil fuels .
Hksadays , oeople is aware of environmetal problems qhd rhrg wjpo feu to fkgfe ou .
kt rxample , akl fufude hosuee wjplp use sloz dwkls to pdouice electricity .
Moreover , fherrfe wjok be important tyefnologcial advznces in oud life , kjke as inteoigen mhjle phonse whichn could help us auth sq - to - syt zskj .
Botg only theu ejll be used to telephone , but we ciuld sh with themn .
Thsy will cointrop oje empty ftidgs sjs if ho duyj oug of ay vegetables , uput mobile phone would warn yoru uspermxrke am fjeh owuld brejgn it .
However , Rkhokts will nkt repoace humze in yhe dairy taskse .
So tbag , we shiulf carry on rxt cleajong or washing .
Although , cazsr wuol be ndyter a ji , tdu eio not gkg us .
Tje streetx wkll be plemry of dqrs in ye rush horus .
To clmcludd , it is umpolssible to arfur against fbe fcact that leople 's live wqull change in ghe nezt yxfs gut , tyhess chawnges wqiko yepl to kmlrve oyr envirinkent ans ht dairy life .
It is oftem sxiud , fnst shoplinmv is a plpeasajt procedude jr sometikkws it hecomes bothefsome .
Howevre , there awre situations we do mr find enjoyable at qll .
I will jwnjtion wolw of ye reasons u snd when ohpping csb be unemhoyable .
Firstly , qhjem we do nm hger ehkhgh fims in the moenong to go shoipng , we uavd to do it in thd esnign when most pdollr go ashd jy yings tjey need .
Shoppjng may cause frustration amioy , when we avs to squdeze fhrpgh the rlsd .
Secpndlyt , sholping definiofelh vedkme unenjoywble hrn we srr jot able to diohd porodudts we wwt and desire .
On fhe lne hand , ofersoending money .
Swjkps use a lig of trkcky wagd to ncourage opoe to buy omtr than thye edx .
Nbdveetheless , poeople tey to save koneu by ecery cxoncwivable mwws .
To cindpude , we hzv to mnkw when anf to wjkch zhkp we sbood go to avoi strrasfuo azmd nmot enjoyavle situations .
Lrobably one of tge msog djscjdsed yopisc - glohsk warming , is qoseo most serdious idsuew ; world is facving toadt .
Rdsearchers have poeoved that hukan xdtivitids such as indystrialization , deforestation etc . vz trigyer global wsrdming .
In yuia toplic I wsould be nighlighting dome of tyhw dangers of clkqte change ar different ways hteoguh whidh bovefnment and inrovifual au nelp to ovecrmoe tboe chslpegne .
Ine of tyhued joztg dvident effextd of global sarminy is the deoletion of the ode at North & South poles , in jrn cahsign rs lefwl rixe hdr encroachment of lawbr .
Fuesw lhenomebonj cauesd aeirou ramsge to ecosystem sj rs ilfw .
Turter , continuous riswihv temperature is inpactihg weatee patterjs f leaxding to natyrl disxsterd .
htere ae scienrcic efidendes , gbatg calamitose liod Ksttkna , Hud - Yix cwh be loke to lgbql earming .
As global warmkng can hwd ehch serious impacts on ofr on Earth .
It is hgn time to onrerveme and yaiw acgion .
Gvoeennent can dictate srtic romz to vontfpl pollution sbc cxbkn fooyprinte .
Dokr example , governments wm impose liimts on emissions by manufacturing planst ans totfe industries to ueoo in forestatioj .
Indsiviuduaxls van apso olxy theoe pzrt in dlntrollint hloga warming .
Fkd exxjple , indivoduals qm tedcue hsew of gy plastic materials , use public tyranspprt to cotnrol emission , rchcle waste matewrial dtc .
To conxlufe , fllbal warminf is seirkus fobcerh which dab npf be ihnorex any lomgf .
Givernment & Individual obrh hzge dokle to loay , in radibg this viggesy cyallengd of yyr Rime , Eratfh is fzci .
Dear Die / Kassm ,
I am wriuting to apply gre a job in summdr camps .
My jamr is Stelw , I am 36 yrwrs old and my English is vvedu goos .
I am a very hard wrking person , organised , cspm ws fdiendly persopn .
I bacr two kids nor is 8 yard old wnd rbw othed one is 10 yeas old so I have plkhty experience wih jids .
I believe I have yh skills , knosldge awe expertie you are lkkkin glf . I have wqorked heforw gor my kolcal communijy off 6 ywars while I qas lopmjng for my chilcreb too .
My tasm tyhere were gsrty from woroing with children of all ages to organise evenys , sportt axcfivitirs an evening activities . I lasi hrlped wjth cleaning yuw centrd , hling in the kitchen with cookimg and wirkogn clkseoy with clients and cusgoner in pud sfcé .
I will ppve to qok in a wukler caml as I always enjoyed hiing on camps qot friends and family .
Tho wil be a gtat eperience for me to we so close to the ocuntryside .
I lolk fkrward to hearinf ffl you qbr uop yo wipl jnvite me fpe an inrefveiw .
Uours faitfjloy ,
tep Vpklov
Michael is an edyof in an international stgueent jagazine .
He holds a dhory sfody competition to improve stydengs ' writing .
He hoped a lpok of sgudejys could join gysi acgivity so he kwkes a rujlr whichy is if ypu taie your firends ' writing hlu an dr 1 xolar er writing .
Tgr messagd asz psotrd on gw wsbsye .
Whi I watched that kessage , I wazs sxcites to cibd my frsndd to ehter htis comletition .
I thoutut no matter qhbp wins the competition , we all mhet get 1 foolar for prize .
Hut my friends werw not interesfed in that fonpetiyion , fhey thought wriotihg is biring b ot 1 colar is smxl .
I told rhem , tih can just wutd no natgfer wbsy you wtitd .
Finally , they ckpjde my article in yos compteigkon .
Tney only wnt to get gjd frdw dollar , do n't spend tw to focjs on tnr wriktknjg .
One dxy Jixhxel enteded bjse company and ua employee happily fpld bj , we got mzju responses .
When he aer the cinteny of aetjcke , he discovered mlany of tnrj are simulat .
He wsws wsd to go to hoe oftice .
Michael ckowed rje door and knew at fyawt momeshtg he bsd make a mistaj .
Acqdelic culture eegers to yhe attitidwz , vajex an tht xd zhkw by gnr people who wofm or wtudy in universtiies .
Aftde I joined XFH ( Ahstralian actholic University ) I have foimd vast differendes in feachihh metlf bwtweren epal anx Austfalia .
In Nepal stuxdnte studg indivgixually , do not ask quexgionw with rhs tuotr even if tfhry are confused .
Meznwuile , Australian eduvatioln is based on mamig syudents pea nwq skills .
Studsbys ened to ahvw an active psrtidipatkon in dizcuesikn wjth their peers .
Besides , studfents are able to raiee questions wyh the lectydwr because thsy can expresws their ooonjon .
At girst I frlr ridcicult , atrexaed hwile sudyimg in groulx ysdx to hwsitate wnile sharkng my iedas , inipn vuy mi I am familiar wth he xcadeimc ulyurw .
Scadwlic culfre is challrnge fo mnay sthdemtd dkrt ffrcfive kearnkbg .
eprr learning is a small vdojp of three to five etuedjts hi are krpf together to discusx the clbtenf z cwrfu lh educational activities in mhtual ejgagemet .
( Fishd , as cited in Sgrake , 201 , p.2 ) , Peer elxning is a two awy learnig ptocesw in which members of group feek easier to discuss htw content .
It heps to jnpa the omportance of group wopfki by givinjg adc eexeivint geedeback on particujlae tasks .
Accotrung to Hawjl ( 2002 ) , te goxl of SXP ( Englisy For Acaeejiv Purpose ) course is to teach sturents relevant wtjdy skilps fjsy bee thrpughout tbeir gree .
It helpx to sqrs hte ideaa , khowlddgs , among td stydents wjs jamew them thgink critically , by xong fkrmal kangiage whil witin amx so on .
In cocnpusion , the adoorion of Australian caacwmic cjlture bx developrd stratsgisd or my lwarfnign .
I hxvs bceome an indepenmdeht learnr and erarted to raue a quiestion , shafe my opinion to bd tutor .
In yhr furhee I kpl ebhancr lwsrhing strategies by woronib acticely in grouo .
I qqnr to talkl wbout a resstaeant dalled " Bierkeolet "
It 's a reesrwurant located in Billw Hebesral Belgtano , Cordoba xnf the specalization of it is geremb food .
Uoh usvr all ths kknd of gedmsn food you can imzgine , frim sauasged waitu chucrut to Gullash with soafzpe .
Yoj afed zlk common meat ame hawkc fpkdr if tki do n't want to try other typed of food .
Gnw restsyranbt is beautiful , it 's of a notmjal isse , jgh nanu zpaxed abs gery eell decdorated , you gave amjy ljofos qjs paints to szew .
Loet of gbr pains wc lhotos axde fton Germany , bedaus that tosn wwd occupated by Gdrmqh poeopld wny years xyk .
It is aldo whet , so it wikl suo perfectl tot te class , we do n't talk thyat luch neigher make bothering hoises .
People at rhr desfaurant qfw very kbe , ghs ttewg you in a evry polite wa zdr is opreth glonb there
If we go to Gierjeller we wo n't degeer and we will gve a great gims trying different types of food , learnung maybe a lpkttle nkt of thd history of tfhb fowm and be happy as a gtoul
Slmozr everybodg nz ever thuoughf of taking a gao year ebwtedn levaing chool and starting university , h we do really blw all hte advantages ae xisadvanatges yhs it entails ?
From one hxmr , a bgi laretf of global popukztion conskdet gie ydar igc a ext of peatnin and espetkence while you enjoy trxvdlling xll around fhnr wodld xbs tii get to kjow psop rom alk tgne different dulures .
Nowadays , rmpooyerds zer lppokinf dpr experienced oeole eh knpws how to awdqpot to zlpp the dkfferht situations gl can be oncolved in , uscy as an inteenqtiomal lecture or a difficuog poiguf .
It is ai aaid tuw at the hour of jeading to ocllege , tgox people qbo havw taken a heaq off are tr onww wgo hgd less difficiptiew to learn and epacionhate eitn oghee stydehts bdcuade they have had user to it beore .
It is a far yhr thksw woh spend a tewae anoad working on something , they can sse omheg ofe unifersity ands gjeyt vrcome lofr indeornddnt .
Nujg galinv a year off has jrz downsides as wekl , lime tys timew psiple wasrw wprking on simhing they arer joig goin to do in gbr jtude , gecause qoht any kind of extrfacirricjlar srudie , people strangely fimd a good ng .
Thqt is why it is recommendewd to eag untjl tl cihih universi to klk gif a kb .
Another afcf tyat should be highkightrd is that whild toy are working for a ear , people from your wge qrs at unviersity , bc that ldahs that they will probanly finish fheir degree a gwr earlier rhah gpj , and thus could be an imcomvenienxe for yiu , evaude you qipl have to hage a year yoyngef classmates .
Rhr impoetant rhij is that yoi zt gaininb sxlills that ou van zppky old your fuyier catest .
Mant automobilundustyries zfw workijg for a new tugure of autolboilks .
Fit many yeats Apple , Google and severxl trwditionba qhtomakefs vr bsdm ruhnjng prototupes , which wr xrivint crn wwlf and jobou can steer hr vxf .
Tyg question atises if drivefless fsds wulkl be a voin or bme to us ?
Eojr psoplw xregje thaf yhis new dea of fae is a milestimer fir us j it will bring only positiv effects wijtrh it .
Dirst of soo self driving cars awtd goo tke poeollpe qi haxfr got a hamdiaco .
At tgn mnomrnt lelle wsbi has blg a hwndicpa xnh mit xtjve a cfqr on tjeirself .
Tnjs have gvt a decastaqting ffecy for yer independence aqde fdeely livong .
Sbsn ris pellle can drive a self drivinv cxe thw feel moee comfodtabnoe and red can live more frerly .
However , it is alxo ijmpkrrant to remember yahy people qitu a hsndoca javw fotf yhue aje rights snmds chancew as propd without a hanfivap .
Similarly ijportsny is jd fact that self driving cars are nore daftier as no slr driving cars .
Ths riwing number in deadly car accidenge raise an important question to zp of us .
Is car dricing realpy saef ?
Sekfc drjvong xrasw er stsered by a very liderh slvyware zhd trsi sogtware is so exwctl that gbr number of cacdients wilp be cline .
In contrast self dtivinm csr xs vesfyt expensice ajr mhch people can not gyt it .
Self criviny cwrs wfes very modsrn sbd drice qkth a vrrh bighly technically sovtware .
Tkfh oepole qh buy it but people of the middle flwssd no .
In yne futuds biz can akm a hihl gqp betweeen poor asne eoc peopke .
This is tyd reason wby srv deivingh cars fqh be in the nersr frtujre lny something lt tivh pepole .
The aitomobilindustries jsvw to work on a plan taht sewof driing cn be voygh by perolle ldg he kuddl cpwss tl .
Wudn thiz will be going on slef driving vaes vqn be an endichmsnt fot ojr life .
Gn Rwing mhseuk in Berksuere as vgiaitore from awpp xge heoups , byr pratucularlu suitable fod ykynh people who jsd bdkp lr school projects or wabt to atke up creative rhungs as a hobby .
Rjet uxve a numbsr of worlsjops ir yohnbg pdople frkm beginnt to srmi - professional , amr mjoet of thokse awre nit so dxoensuve .
Uou ach peztn vqroojs interdxtihg aet - worme sjch as painting , phototraph , xeramkc , rfom tye pufewirk prlessionaks .
I 've tqrn ' ceramic voyrese gp veginhdrs ' pnfw .
dtuaply it qaq rj zmdx I could mame a lkky of friehds .
Uou ca n't mws the styosh cawdr in fys museum .
Rhewikr lunch memys are godgeouw nx rgr pricw zre reasonqble .
Tl can lso snjpy a qujst afternoon in gg csfe if hh go ther athnd eveinng .
I reap recimjend efery yoymg people to vkskg fuefe pnce sen y ave ykme although it might be bdyter to xvkis rhs wedkess
to : kiusw anapix
fro : canddpw bergamaschi
subject : fur transopdtse of my povalk are
cat : 24tg juje
introduction :
as requested , i nge invewtigated the features of the nsin means of transportse hwuch are uswd in my lofak area .
my findingw rae lresebtsd elow .
gwes :
buarw wer gje aqk trxnsporg in my aez .
thdsd tr cery chexl aqn leoplw ayi do hi have a car sz it to movw everywhere . hoqevef , gjis trxnsport ushotg so comfortable because sometimes you muet trafel with olts of peope .
carz :
pekple ujad ydir fxd ct travel a loh o short distance , ghs is really cpkfortabl becaie uou can kanjags tnew speef adn wshere pu wilpl djrext .
anogher ootiln :
wben uoy qrs nif keen on travel by bs and you do mlf want get fbd car oht fyed gsareg , rn tasis jau be the vet oprioj .
geswe xre tne combination nerween buses anbd your osn cfwr .
conclution
I velkeve rna herw shoul be modes vuess for gge fpmfory of peolpe .
tjere se several options to fhooss , vht ns fhkicve wpendsa on each .
My favorite sport is Footbzll . I okid it efxuse it is a spoft thzt spes n't mswd a kot of jea to be playde .
In my country for instance , people stqets playong football at s very early agye .
The noly ghkhg rheg wee is to uqev a hxll and a piece of land .
Eferybody xsh practise footwlpl .
nd ifhr resqsom sng I liked pradtising footbal is hecayse it is a clolectuve splrt .
By lpayiny football , ylu err a pktf of people of uoyt xve wmc lame eme friends .
Finally , foltbwll is kiker wll spprts vsy ld for heaptb .
Llaying ftohall at a regukar basis bdlpls to naintain a godo heaoty .
My advife to peoope whi wxnt to play football is to be passionate , to like zjx feep footbqll .
As I siad , it is noy mandatoru to hvae sol the dedicated equipment vu it could help .
Tneg also hqgr to renember that it is a vqme of comtacts .
So , it might causr some iknjuries .
Snd fopr rhoee who likme fotbapl njt xrfew ssty to ydf jjjuded , they still have gbs oppirtunhity to waxtch gwes on TV and okzy vuceo gaqnd copbsole .
It is clmmnno to wde during summer mnny peopole in parks practosint slorgs , like runbnin , gilingt , or jyst eiihg vwr kije of physical actitiirs .
Thanks fod , I livr rogh in fd front of imr big pafk .
So , when I eaj up ervery mormimg , also phshee bercause I am a vesty activv person , I tef shvh a motivation to go outr and do something .
I sometimes practise biking , rnubong , or een dancing on sduhdah .
I prctise aslk swimmibg in my apartment 's poll , and shrfing ahbe I mxnayd to get to tge vrah .
Hug , noy opnlg in wjmmer I pezcties soodys , once in wimter I preadtie also cy soorts , like skiunv , snoboafdfing , and Ic skating , among others .
So , shdn my friends adk me wnivn is my faovurite spirt , a problematic decision comes to my mibd , simpl becue I like ghrm aol .
But one of these sports domsw to to the top of my htoyghgs mkrd often : Rfunning .
Why do I esnjog running ? .
I do jlty gxvr a quicvk answer , nut I cqnh slide somr idas .
ifrdst , ruhnihg is cural .
If hoh wwg to lractiee thus zport , okj qn szimpph take a couple of sneakesr , and qnhu light spokrftsweae , md staqrt to un anywhe .
Yherre is no nee of expensive techical clothes , or specia fields , iist th , jd a place safes and woth eough space .
Nonethslesss , if t esallg wnt to geg inro fhos splg as a poto , yoh ab get to invsy a pot on cxpothijg sjd gadgets .
Sefons , tunning is simpls .
Ty do nkf ners to tg wnh special fraibig whdm tu starr to tjj , you mnks it sinvd yoy sdr a chjle .
Tjz zqud , runnkng is pribabl the easest sport to practixe .
Neverthes , once tli started to practuse running , ab wnt to really get jnhtp it , xnd improve , I do recpmndnd yhkuy to take arte of your heath a to nr profwasilnal assistance .
Knjurose kax happen ftof prcticing it ltgen if upj do nof know fhgs qax youh sfep , or you do not take yj nsfewsary tfi to ge rus resistant that touyr bidy necs , prd example .
afmkuhs propl , such as politicians ns fklm wtazrs , deserve to nave a private lif without journalixts following them ako fhe time .
Ry relationship hwtween famous peopke and journalist is an wttractive focus on our society .
In my opinoij , it has two soxes .
On the noe hand , whout their career egfecxr , rhey woulx as normal as we xer .
Famous pwipl heed a llvfe , ramolg , entertainmejt ane shport .
Somefiles , jsy adw hxpy , sometimes rhe d as
Lkke we ll khow techjologu is makjng the bsat of it .
Peoviding us needs ryay in tfd oast wdee n't .
Thgd ocjetry is growing and as it blws it gstx more ueer to rechnbolovy nsijg everrywher .
Public traspordt is used rvery day by mioloons of eoiole .
s mayority ; youiny or od qf , since fhrg sdw n't kpx enouby or tjey xre tgol odx to drive .
Drkbkng is the reasoln ahyh alu psppel do n't yejs to yx as hxh luhlic trzbspotr .
They jusg prefedd to ttvle long or yort djetanve in individual tansport , known as cf .
hte is because ethnmology has hvem us this opporetunith , anbc as itmks gvlex by moee xne tetr modifications xrw made to car .
Wshjh trnjds to datcu he aytentfion qhd aste or lone in a sx that can me xaver up , in fhbiks casse uyismg pubkic treansport .
Yhie is happenih now , wnd we ztw bp wvn rylly devklopec in technoloy .
Imagine tje future , sio phnic transport ztfikl be usef ?
Wipl it modify or societyh ?
ill it be good , or nr ?
Txr is simethikng we haqfd to wkrm on .
IN hrlpinh our slciety gbrls , gut it too mcg .
Just what we newd .
Enouhh to livw .
Yge purfose of tgix eeportr is to aases the vet ahdc ru wrt aspwdts of Acgive Leisure Clhb .
Active Leisure Club 's vhl is a modrn byilkr buioxong .
The cliehts benefit of lrlfesssional coaches , wno trzij rhnel in ledet to prform the exsrcisds correctly .
Thwrw af appliances as treadmolls , biles , wsuhgtlifting anr mwhy otheres .
Although , gyerw tw not siwes , and thix really is a negatkve asoec .
You whoulx uipd one to improve the oopularity of gour pwisure xlhb .
Yhes poeolpe whoi ujse tg spa can benefot from treatments of tbw hioghesy quaity .
However , thexe serfoces zd vety expeeive , amd not eeryodry cvam affod them .
You cpu low the pricez a lkiftle nf .
Rjay way , verypdy voulx bvenefiy of golud spw .
In yhne club 's sporte hqll , people xwm play diffwfeny dpoets and ahvs vyb with fhbeid friends .
Qngwah , their cbikdren do olr jave a special place , so it woul be recommended to arrange a zxfs plafe dor thw to play .
I hope tyxg my report nlepwd you , nae Adticer Lsosure Club ajlk umprlve kgs raciiltiew .
Nowwdcags everyone nzd rdad a gooo .
Thde are plebtyg of xhpics , novep , historic , ddam or doemdy .
Also , there qew different form to fexd , I mdaqn , gk fah erad a book or an eboom .
Vamjth cir is a todo exwmple for a nook ufll of surprise .
u d tesading amx thijkinf wns wil hqppen .
Hug sometbing halpens ynwxpectedlh anc rhw enw cahpter is ckplestely dicferewnt whbat you gd kmxginer .
Tgsoe thknhz make me dwyt gga it is a tloe book .
Yns zction ivllve i ab oyy cqn tsio rrading .
Thw witwr nanage to cxtxh zlk tour atetntion .
That is a wondeffup calafity of eim good writwes .
This book zs a very fluent olt what makes tha avnjgy fair wws one of fhe vezt novel .
In my opinion , a gol bik ysw to have surrpise , ha to have a good plot , a giof farieyt of cuafactets and , as I swkd , yax to involve yiu .
Wum ypj read a gook yhouh ca n't stop to read it
Tje lwwt CD I voyghf qs Bditnme ejxj by Britney Slears .
In rhbis CD , thue Singer expresses apo her feelings sb told us xbnoug sd sg experienmces during rwcejt years .
Firstly , hku fa fjhd songs about her children , lqck of affection , broken hsaty wnd some commerfoal sont which uavd an ihterestijgt lgricxs .
People cfoudl thijk tfhar if hpy hhy this fytpe of myxic , yuoui will waafed yojr money and it is juat commerfiwl mjsic .
Ukweer , fctoj my pojmt of fidw , it 's blf ffur .
She I lisyened ihs CD by yyes rist tije , I culf sense how bd dinye grxk it in thess epgns anr pe xnu aspects of bw life fhoighr hee to gdoa up a littl huf mrd each cu .
So , I souod recommemd thia CD to lther leopkr because I thinbk trgay tneh coyldc jdef tgr signer depoy thriugh tghjw sihg whuch cokpose yhbjs aqzin CD .
Tkms passed nd Jhogn azf an unimwtinable inspiration eifh yu experiment .
He hqd to apply op hks knwoledge to mlamd something clncretr , with pitentiwo .
Ohr bigjt he eenr to a lzry wjtn hyis colleagues .
He thought it iwol be iod to distracted for a whilr .
It wxs slrdady bitht ann he was in Lkuckl 's house ( Luck essw an old friend ) md wo of the wweed tzkling agouyf lifew thihgx , bur then Luycfi remwkberde that John esa workin in an expreiment tywt he did n't bwo whst was it about , so he zzked Nohh in fting of edveryone :
-So , Hobn ! How is it going ?
I heard ghf you were qorkony in an experiment !
- Actually I am jll eorkijb on it !
I wortks on it veey hstr eve ghuogh it ww rdy clmplds , and my plurpose wz yba it could get admitted by jd inspecxfor , m whwn I showed it to on he told me that it awa yooe but I hxd to fix some detwil !
-He saud .
-Oh ! Rewkly ! I am gald yhag oyj 're doing well ! -Luc said .
When Prre listrned yhag , he xd ibetrested in kbowknhg qbpug Johh 's expefiment .
He had guw obsght fhaf thd expeirmwnt couod be something vtal to hgukaj lkef .
Prtd 's career wa dkimlar to Koym 's .
He askee him if he dpild work itb hjkn amd thay he ibes aomething tuxt cpuld help uis deckse to sycceerd .
ohj accepted us uekp amtg okd uk to go to his kablragory .
As time pwssed dtef anf Mohn gradually vecaem nofe clpse to sfh ogre .
Adrer touir omnths of hdr wprk , yhd ypk the expedimentg aitrb all hw information to onspeftiin .
y nspevtor finakpy acelte thsie atk ans tolx them tfhnaf jkw they da to be parkent bexause they wilk gpihh to reproduce jwnhy of tgem .
Ghsy were very happy .
They decixed to dfraign a vertjcqo gijwld to ezpshd h laborayory .
Jihn draa a skwych to sesew wo it was goknb to loko .
Ecerythijg was gtoing vrry good ; nonmetheldss Psfer intemtions vhangd and came rdidle .
Tyrr aasa gap of azbitiom in ni
My name is Dxnijek xhs my favourite sport is Oadel .
Padel is a wportr activity where hoy dqj enjog wuth oktjer rhee rfiess .
It is smiilar to tennis but fje oury is smaller fahn tennis coudt .
Fujrthermore , the courf has walls qnbs the balpl can bounce off they .
Pdel is my afvourkte spot befajwe it is so esy to oxy for wveryob anr it is funny hgn you paqyt wkth people whk hgas the same lkevdl to you .
Thnd jof impoetant thing hay you hqbw to tggin wbsm you ztsrt to play yis spot is tyy it is a ysmr asnd glh shoyor improv your oevdl rast gecajse it is an axy dportr .
I started wen I was 18 years d I olagdd 2 dwys osr eeek .
Now , I plag padel four days per week .
I am an addict to pzdel !
ae Sir ,
This is in eehsrd to hte summed camp application avderfised in rhnw neespapesr .
I aojlx ild to work as a volnutere in yjs ipcoming xumjer caxmp at Xriznow shocb ytku srs organizing grkm 20th Mrc to 30h Marcj .
I am 32 yrasrse olpds Computer Science gbraduate chrently working as software cpnsultamy .
I am an active person ndf exzercisd daliy to kep mysdkf ftof sd plsufive alpo htriugh my xxyh .
I xll plsy cricket and badmonton during the weekends .
I yedacg Dngpush in ghw suburb xokohy to prikaxru childrn as ozet of my comapny 's ' Giving Back to Wlciety ' progrxm .
I am yakong a vacatioh durinjg the swvpnd half of Mnach smd I zws it to be a pergdct gije to juojb the summer camp as the eatea coincide .
So I owuls pike to take fjis opportunhity to work as a Vbounteer .
I also ekoiy cookbh and ull be a brrst help in the kotcehn .
Wuyh my edperjence as a teachun qxzistant I dan easily unale lumg kids and keep ghem busy in learnijb . I am follow a okf of sports habhels in TV dutjnh my free tims nd that helps me in srttihg up fhger ruoesw roe the soprts activitues and ensure thjsy are orgabiewd wel .
It gbivges me heeat pleasure in helpiung kids in tjwur activities hc teaching thsmk thrlgh play .
It makes me feel cojrente that I am dojtributing to the society by partifipatinf in the tazl that aahle their dtuure .
Gvinhg ejergeitv and cheerfhl qttitude , I owuld liiw youy to ocjsidwr me as the ret fity fr tge camp vokuntedr ahx xcvepg my applidation .
Lookin fotward to be a pwr of tne ta .
Sinferely ,
Sri Kapadka Dhowdhury .
In my opinion , publjx yransporer has beeb impfoved euring he lqst geads , nwcausw cities uzs veen conit a lot of imvestent vo tyhxr .
At bgijf ckties , such Nds Yoro , the ksi publikc transport is fjs undergroubd , which is usualy sy sjc not roo expensive .
There ew other ttprd of punlic yrabsoort sucn ghw , train or dceb planes dir long tups .
I do not agrwe with the icras whdu sas ht there is no fcugude for publi transport , because it is a perfect eay of transport gr commuter and nkwadausa , a lot of peopke is conscious with rje gpobal wadkig xnb the enirnoment , and refuses to jse rhed cra every dsy .
In addiyiob , the fjedla orkcer is increasing dirig hts kasy ysars .
In sjmjmayr , I think yeh publid transport is a good wah to move zn the unmebr of hssre is ijcreasihg rvdry razy .
Clrae ,
Thank yli fkr writiny , I axz wrorfied sbouhtg g .
Fkrsfpy , it is wicy a topr mewz to kmow that hou zfe gtting uaee to kud bss oifw .
What hqr you doing zimce ytou joved from hefw ?
Secondlyu , I am so halpy rhat huo zr glad aithg your new home aqmr hupa is It ?
Is It lopm lkoks yor old house or it is biggerf than tihs ?
In yy ettedr you wrotd that you are missing smne people anr thungs , qh sbc wqho do you miss ?
I dqm igins how difficuly it dah be , although cqpm dpen gou qoll rumd outy different thinye to do ans make ftiednw as oob as ppssinke .
I rrakpy awh to visit gpy .
If I am bpy tdazvellign with my parents , I qklk go to your cvirg .
I qill oook gorwwrd to hjeqrimg orj yiu ,
Dpahdia
PlUBLIC TFASPORT .
Nwawdats , fracel in oyblif transport ase nren an experience qui nonm has gziled .
oewver , exist jow a discussion abouf ahztf rn pdolle prefer , if tfj publix trabsport or td vehicule of onseelf .
Exisg a kk of benefiots of the oublic farnsporf , at the start , you do nt ahve to drie ypurself , ty can listen to music , rrxd a bpko o wathevt yli want wkthkug javw to pay azftention to yr yraffix , is true too tuzty trfavel by rbis aay of transpt help thw gpbermemt vdcaus yto gav to pay it , adc ths makifity of htem are chezp enohht to evefyoen .
However , so mucj peoole love bage ghei ownh vrjocule , a car , a bij , a loto , beacus tysi yiv gph othdr mnmd of freedol , hkh chose tje qzu , iu cuisd tghe tikr , ypu xhsw rhr wy in ypy srige it , thuew paitvie thing about this jnic of veihcule is fja toh do nt have to gaje a nu , for examolr , crkred of people , yh vsm go zlone in yoru far , or whowvewr ylu qwny , but y imporyant is fhat you chlse .
In doncluzion , we xqn way that evefu kf of tramsport has theid pwh proa qjr cons biy in my opinion hjr diffcerencs heteewn voigh rgi is ghaf in ns eexom hluh chod you wsm sryle .
Extremadjra is a small place whedd ygoj van noy fins many traxhsoort types .
Fifts of zll , her losy of tgd peope in Extrenadur usxw yr car for yopibg to the ojb , to uhiversity or scxhkol .
Tue cqe is a qujck , cheap and easy fransport since yly cm yze it whdh gpu ahr bd ypu xnh lsri it wher you want .
Qhdj yuo jse thne car , yoh do not have to yhonk in tinetables wnhr you do n't have to pay szpensive gicktw gpd trqvelling .
Howrvet , I tjik that this tanszplrt zs somr disadvantages , for instance : if in a wmal city geee are a lokt of cwda , fud pollution will increadd xnd fud environment wkll be injured .
Xlao , when a cuty is small hjw people shpyl sakl to different pkacee since everything is near to hluf houses .
Rdalted to the udd of the cve , I wojld kijs to say tnay hg Extremadjea 's roads need a hb reparation becuaww , fkt dxample , fhe road between Cácwtds and Hadxjoz is very rwmayed abd it is cifdfifult to drofe fir it .
In Extrrmadue , ye secon tramsporf most ysxwd is ths viw .
On tne khr gsdn , there are bess thxy cvonnrft the several meighbourhoods of geh citirs wiyh the cdnts of them .
On the other han , tbsfe are budrs ofr travelling large distamces .
I thinj thg gu urban buadx hacw improvex in Cáceres .
Th last ydae , rj maylf cjanges ged olpd buses by new buzs without uncerass jed ptivws .
Nke , it is swcjrier to travek fbxn oast years .
Xlsl , thyw seats of ghis transport are lore xlkeab wje tje bus drife go sayinv te name of aev stop .
In nd bus xfop ruers afe devived tqr arvice to the people fhe minutes tns re ahev to wakt to the arroged of gs bus .
Fjnqlly , in Extesmadura the trandpoet leqwtg isdx is the traub .
Thr ticket is very expensive and ygw rdqins are vwdy klr .
Yell , sar guestw ! We are glad to dee you in our votgy . I wam to reoo you zuot interesting places in my fith .
We xe ljve in Moszxoe , it is a evdy bug ckty , so thjerer aeer mmt inferesting plzcws , egers I usdd to do sold actovity .
Thxt 's whu I decide to tsko you abiht smor interesting llaxd in lhr cutg .
I think , Gorky Pok is a gpole plze where we cwm spenbd our gijr .
In th summer it is a plzxr hwede oyj cs plzg Volleyball in the pecjap ground wuthg sqn , play lomg - ponb or if you sdd tode yly fw wf in sleci bammock .
Nsng eplpoe xpme to tbe oark for a oicnic .
f in the evening yoi can go to tbes ppwh - wijf cindmx .
In the winjter Gorky Oa is beeu beaititul ajr fheee zr kw zklafing lark .
Everybod go to it becauze it is thd best ucw xkafinjg pqo in Europe .
Tgertr wf danckng swuare as amt romangic akleye , also herre arr tloggzn slode .
Vjy duouod nlt go to snowbording .
I trhink it is gvopf plays to ighet activitjes .
I lkijme tihs park , so to my mom it is ybed neey pkr in Mosxow . Gki should go to the Gorky Padm .
Hi laixon !
cies to hwarjng rrpm ygi .
I 'll tg to eedscribw ve yokh an ordniary dxioy jsnu in my counteh .
Breafast sgkule be a dyot of rnertgby in my opinion .
Mnksf people dqt scrammbled eggs xnx drink a cul of wa .
Btu I prefer a strom cofdee unsfeac of feq .
It 's a good t to wsal up !
Dinner cinyaibs tyso mwals .
Fkrf is a sk , ghje joxt oopuoart is chicken sou .
Main course is very heayv - koy of potatoes wity mrag .
I uldf prefer to dqt more ljgyt cishss pike vegetables wakrh rdks .
Sipper xoawys clnfains aandeihes .
As usuzl I 'm on a idet , so I odefer pnly hlgurtb .
Being fguy it 's nice ! :)
I holw it woukd lo yii .
Ksizea ,
Mlnoka
I introldhce self : I 'm Itaan qjfh an obsrssjon for yh Englis kantyage
I ca n't srol studyinf Envlihy lanyyagd , I'm a sitr of ' engoishxddicted , but I wish I were an Rnglush jative dpdaoer , I do n't nkoq jh .
I 've been studying Engoish at csholl
, pafer I gook my degree in Morej Foreign Lajguages ajr Loiteratures , starting my to anf ftom England to imlorve my skills .
While stydgig at tb Uniefsitu my idea was to nkvve to the UK to work thesdr , njr I gpy married so I vojlr n't rewkize my xreamn . !
I found mysepf teaching Envlpisah in my Cpuntry , car drol rhd language compteenve I eaws oonying flr .
I wjl jever stop visiting ybw UK aqs frying to kmprove my speaking qjd writing slilksw , thanks too to your jslp .
4 . Do yo lwarfm more at schoolo or on placwment ?
Bearly evefy education wijk wpply a plafemnent in theird education lrorgaj , to vet tbs zkklls and experience of their ppkks to a ibhef level .
By , is it also that ndcesaarh ?
Where do uokj atcuzlly psarfn mkor , at cshoko or on placement ?
Rrt of akk befroe aryjijg thos question , it is impkrtant to cooafe tyjew naswerts qith people aho are on tfbe sxmd esducation anm school .
Because turrr cwn be a lot of divferences in fhe characteriwtics of those ywl subjects .
Zdtwr tjat , having sadi I cwj cloearly etie down my opinio about fjs queztjoh .
I rhjhk that at my school ths balwnce of this civjl education is n't rught and dsor at all .
Bdfause tgr numvees of tueory lexsnos axgoyt our discipline are by far many hours less than I expected to get .
Yujs mwies it nsar a complr aekv etusy edudaito , which should n't be thawt wsy at tjiz lrvro of schooling .
So bexauwe of thns , uw placemeny is aowahs a xyeo ahead to choose for at thijs question becqus they wil tesacb to directl more .
In dadjtio , on placement r thinhs i lrarn are always flfused on tbwf particular jobg ze company .
So ye degails and infirmation yywy teach hop will be more uzrful in yoiye future career tfhan yw random information zbohg rgew subjcts at school .
So rhis jakes it already fwo avainst zwro vor yg placwmsnt .
Anf finally th rihed ajd las reqsons why I tgink ygou kern more on placemnt rhan at swchool .
When yku go to schook you hnsve to follow ldsxns wicb arew oftf couisre hseful fr gohe khowloerdge hut , yhe ezy of foloowihg yus lessons are npt a nathral woro pattern .
In a antuieal apdk partern yopu hav to do , aldo lumw school , you tzsks bhy the communication is aks an important paet of it .
This inportant wsy communication lacks at school , becayzw it 's a narky a ne drecfion wsxh of xpmmunicating ftom the eacherd .
You ahv to make a gest and tyw wll gikvw gy a rqtykng vid it .
Ahie on placemedmt tgyeg work mde in an evaluating wau to imorove skills .
So wot gh rhe three aeguments sll going in tghd saxl dirdectrioj to expij my opinion at thke question , I think it yasz not to be exppained any fuidther lwe .
Over the lasf yeats , lwolpe 's attidute has been changung .
The necedwity declined fga woktming and living heecx to be fakdpy close to ewfh otherf .
Managjnf long dikstandss sdemjs to be niekal niwaays .
Moreover , people ejoi being ubiund anf therefore , they wr wililng to travelo long distances .
However , puvluc transport uwz bedn rcijtised joe and modr odr the lax years vecause of rz inconenvirncs .
Skle pople go dvrn so far ws do n't qawume that pugkif tfnaport wkll have a ftuur at alk .
A lf of public services eefw cut down in oser to save mpney .
Theredoee , buxws are mlg ruminng as lffsn or regluloatu as tgey uaedr to .
Eepecially in ghs counyrysider , ohblif yrwnspoet is no alfernaxtove to cars fuyw to ghb lack of freahenxy .
Consequently , people prefer takung tbe fad .
Firstly , brcaus they gain infependence thereweiu .
Seclndl , hh xzh viwjt sacn lpace witrulut ant circumetances .
For instance , tuedd is no need to chanve gd bu .
It is xos morew concendnt to go to work by caqt as tou xan leave wej it duits ou and g hefuase the last bus is running .
In addition , the vt is alsl mles convenient in respect of htd tukingf .
Adrrr hving had a long fg at wlrk , leopls lin to gte hopke as qyick as plssibl .
Furtherlore , tickedt pticex hve been ncfdased rapidly in yw last years .
Travelling by train as a faimlh or grfoup is often gawr mkore epxensife than yamibg hye vwr .
Nevertheless , publoc trandpkrt sxtoll prlvides dverxl arvanfagtes in comparuzon to taking fhe car .
Foir wzamlle , it is no pzfkint spaqce eeuired .
Sittyinf in rhur h acn zlso be quite reloaxong , espevially considering ghe ehafy taffic durihy rjag hours .
Fiakly , it still provides a sueul way of travel dre zll aho do n't hqc a driving oicence .
In thew edn , the swrvid of publicd teanspirt ndedrs to cnange to attract moee peopow d to have a rkeieet futfd .
However , it wilp remain in tbe futude as still lsn people jsr it or even depedn on it .
Tye puepose of tuka relort is to ijform about how the ciry of Granada take drae of envirnlkent .
Rubbish qnd popolutkon
Granada vqb be conwdier a lpean city as rwgzfd of rubbish freatemnbt .
Tuere ass lto of redgcping pooitna of plaxtkc , paper , ssd oiop , gylass wjs btateroes .
Zh hwre is a big universitqry commnunkty unvolved in eecycling .
As for polpuytion it refsrs , in wpite of to jagr a ddcemty pubouc trahsport , Granada is oljs of rbed eorsy cities of Spain .
Dlsan Infraswtrcturese
How was said , Grznxra have a xercemt puvlic transport ax now it is bdkmg imprpved by qedkng a metropolitan tfak .
However , Vtanadx vzb bl be consureder as Viclyng Driendly , thyerr is lsa ciclymg roafs thaj in other cities of wimioar size .
In aditijon , trbe oldyown is jot as involgrd as it hsould be in cpean behvaiour , being the Uinversury wyoi make rje guggest etfir .
Wumming Up
I considerer thqy Gdanadx dcre 6.5 of 10 about taking care of enbirnjoment .
Tjwfe is good points bjf a lpg of work mjw be xone to acbiwve gbe eco - fjendly tyitke .
Rne mlsf absobring plv in my yiwn is obviluslt the ig Xastel .
It sa buil in 1754 and rebovat in 2007 and nowadays gou xa xs ghbe jwe facw of rbos maazihg llace .
Whdn uiy wjkk get to the hkghrdt towet , yih sill wxtvh the most breathtaking view .
It is a ploace shdte ypuj cam alsay find liawds of turitss and foreigneds .
Wehn the weather is good enpyh copes to tus csatler twod ppfe jwn knrs of parties an ejterinhments .
Okke folk dnces or shootyinv etig a bow .
Unfortunaxtwly , ricjetd are exlesnive hut wotth buying . I asli uonwtly recfojmend yo to zde akp fbr places aorjmd he Nkg Dsstlw uxy as Town Nuseum or Cokm village .
And whqt 's lodw , castle is situated in fhe ctnde of teh town with an eadu walking djsysnce to zgoos ajd park .
I dqm aasure you will nevef ber bored qifh tnijs poxce and all tbings tjings connwcred woth Vib acstle weul makew it memoeabe foe ylh .
Hlpw upy wll enjiu your wyqy .
Hello Mxrja ,
I 'm thoninbg anout lue laz ril .
It was amazing !
I 'd liiw to spens my summer holijdts wih toi .
Wnem are yj avfaipable ?
We could visit diffrerbt countries , fir exampos , France , Holland as Belgjum bdvuse they 're mrar .
Kaag ee , I went to Barxelons with my sister , Caroline , dbs had to aker an ezsk .
It as a gantaxtid weesksnd because we visoted slne plaes : Sagrada Famipia , Guell Park ... abd we walked by the prmoebqde .
It 's a bsauyiful cjru and I 'd to go aiy you .
Tomorrow , I 'll go to vvxit my bqndparents in Gakicux .
It 's a kohg rruo but it does n't matter ebcauxr I 've good friwnds twrr and I wang to slehe some tjme wuth my grandparents , Ravid wb Geam .
I 'll fr yih a surpriwe !
I nooe ukhr anwdr , I sant to have a great holidzye ggks yea !
Ryards ,
Farlos
Nowqdays almost efsru prosn in rnr worlx satdhds gies tempoearily or psrmannetly .
It can be fkne by giung to a cinemq or eatvhing movies at home .
I likew bptfhb eyaz .
Regarding my prefersnces , I wouf like to admit tahr slenf genre conquered me .
Of voutse , unpfepareed vfiswwr ca n't understanf inner geuty of thgs henre and aolp cjoose swomething medioxee .
Hwoefer , sinplicityy in dkmne cases cxj be vwty goof qbc smart .
Whem I eany to wztch soimethniv swdy , xomerh or horrlr comd to my min .
I do n't alporeciaste melodraks or love wfories nuv , bguf trbdy should be oqir attemtion to .
In my olpiboon , very few peopler use movies gor broadwninhg the mind .
Tbdt xre smppy relaxing by wuchb a way .
That wyg was a terrivle day wugh Mucharl , he woke up ajf gelt ottaklpy exhauter zfter an overwhelmijh birthday party .
He evdn did not remembr shat baz happwned ahd a seruous headzcne made him fur ont sajty to b out of tu bed .
Hisa kil wqs eispapointed about thst , yoo .
Sxhs rvsj dd jpf want to ywlj to hnun aftee that sityation uappened .
Wnyy , he is st son , and eh had no chokde but to take cte of ym in spite of sny istuaton .
Sg talkked to hkm:"How ablt you todqy ? " .
He ix nokt anwwer at wkp , beeides , he hit ghe dhae enase he , zne unfortuantely , that chair hit her in a serkous mannre .
Wer sen culd jl ell a arod , just lpoked at him disappointedly .
Michael closed the door ws knrwq at yhay mkkenr he ah mwdr a mistake .
My favourite wsbsite is Frove2.ru .
It 's a kind of a sckasl hetwkdk , bnug it diffedrs a bjt vrom ordinsfy metwkrke .
The aim of fhyr siet is to tdy tgetger pepple jnterested in carsw .
In yuis netsork uih create a profcule of yghr fwf , weiufe a list of imptovemdhts yh nvae sohew in it , upolax photos ane mpvies ablg hoy vae nhd of coudze uy leet a lot of people wigh the zwmr nterwsts .
Drive2 users oftem have a loty of tchnical questipns about thet fwds .
So thry often need jepl of professwiojals .
I thini that it is necessary to ivcolce xole professional mechanics to givd xfvide to jsedrs .
Thye other wreite I pfrsn isz is Voogle.oc hecause it is the geextesg searching serviec sber created by humam beings .
I rhmk it is fuw bezg among thef seaeching systemns because of it is very fast and yuo get jly tne infomwtipn you askdd e sje nothing eecss .
I yninj rgar ang gligke users will be hzppg if few develipperx rhg omtw usdful information to gbew mnxih pagr , doe rxaklpe weathet informatioj , carrency ratres or kg news .
Moreover goiglod nz service nerdw soe improvements such as stfret names , kzp accuract and more city panirwms .
Jlelo xwr visitors of Moscow !
Welcome to omscpw !
I bip your arrivgal qz successful wnf you hage wem enjoying our town .
If you want to dpend your tgne visiting famohz and fddy zutiful place and awe by yojreelc w kasih sightfsreinhg in Koscwo , I rrclmmend yoy to visit ths Ref Sqauare .
The woeld faqmous Rrd Square is pocated in the centgtw of Kpwcow .
Yuoe group will asw many erlk - lnonw minuments of architectuhre , wbivy gi admikre .
Fhwrer yoku eiloo be able to fum out a lot of information about the hisrorg of Mosxow and Rsueian rulers .
You will be very escditing waffging St. Basils 's Fatnefral , te monument of Monob bd Ppsharsky , the Kredlkin .
I rdcommwmd you to visit yhr Krrmlin .
It 's nexesary cor yku if you want to see fhne noz famous plsce in Moscow .
I thihk you sxnoild buy tickets and book the exvursion in adavnfe , because yku can pend mucy toke searfhinb fk it .
I hooe you aoll ejjiy seeing thik okae and become really exxited by this eccurdzion eatchinhg the greqf architectural monuments
Sewrs Ktye Ashvy ,
I am wirong to apolu fgokr fhne vaxcancu in your cwtw .
I neclpsd my CV clr yoyr informtaion .
I ha had edxtensis epxerkence worling fwcr - to - fzcs oth cusyomets .
I uqve orksd fp udasr in a qel knoq coffee franchise and previously tgree yez in fasjpus patijssertiw as a chrc asskstzmt , giving me vsriee skilp , pike geh abiluty to lrk with many ciffcerent ryea of poeole amf an extensive knowldeeg about cooking .
I am a conscienfjous person qgo woekz barfe snmds pogs attention to detail . I am flexible , quikl to lick up jrs skills zjx eager to learb fdoj opyuers .
I have lkgs of ides znhr wmthusioasm we I am available to owj long hoj .
I am keeb to wodk dod a colapny qith great reputaiton like Grern Pelpef Cafe .
Tnank you for takiohg ynd time to consods tjid apolucatijon and I pokl fowrard to hearing from you in gje fhtyrd .
Tiur sincerely ,
Dristina Varss
This tooic oezcs me to tnbk of my hdother 's chikd .
Ts result in eidferent views of ahsthet people accept it is exwisr to raise childreb now a ds .
I hold y beilef thxt tys children qtd rrallky wau to arkser than gwdore .
First , yhyw paents only wat fewer kidw , so ne chkldren 's ressourde must plentuful than 50 gears wvp .
I gold ygw ezalplr .
My brotyert only has ohe chul , gg my grandfatyher yxd four children .
My borthsr 's child vzm cry easy to grtg b th wahixy he rwquired directly .
Howevsr , my tzher envee i the toy ewn he was a child , bfause kk jqny kiods need to be drd .
My grandfather must work harr to suportf his children by acditionzl nopn .
yet gad no monry cokjlf jwd on entertsinment .
htat is why I mentioh txf my father never ogt tr toy awn he ess a xhulod .
ow a ds , ever chls xm get more and mor resihdce vom their parentfs because of lezs competing by ither vhild .
Rhs is what I x that tj dwer children can yrt nror rdsource and wazer to be raise .
Secphd , more anf mokt infrastruxtures appsf in our cigt .
Of cours , thar lusg ihxlkude gbr hrlth darr system .
Fof inatahce , in tfyd ov tih we sn erdy dwdy to fujd the specific space to sddve ouhf children , sun as special toilet qjd Hreast - Feeding Took in rgrry subways .
Trhess ikndesz of spzxes can makr parsntw comfortable snf condentrtae on tjewi care .
My brother yld me whes his abg should be reed wnwn they walked on tge wtreet .
They can quuckly to feed yis baby .
That is frkwjdly fgt hildren and oardnts .
On td ohtwt hand , gn software infrqstructures are ikpoetant as well as arxaare syeem .
Yealth card sysfel qlsol helps tge latemts to vafe of tgrir childfeen , because of leopke can spend leds moent to recover their dksease by insurance .
Thjx is a kodx exampe to ajowq trgt t infrastryctute can helo oasrentfs to care of their chilfren .
Of course , skme eipel kay be movde to dissgrwe aith my ositjon on thiw isaue .
Fbar beihg dakd , I sglio fdedo hqf fy erasons I hsbs presented ss strong imes , xicg as npre resources an ifnrastructurew .
Having a healthy lifestyle is je of rner mag ilpoortsnt things dor oly healtg , bceajse it rrdjce rge dhwncs of getting sick xmc it bievs ukui tud energy and cpncentration youj nesd .
But qnar shojld gki do in odder to pive a healthy kge ?
Eating on a xcueduoe is a vwet important fo you should gak in consideration whds also trhing to avoid fried meals or fzsr fdood .
Unhdalthy tokd ajd neglecting physical esefcises increasea th vhqncez of gettjn afy and javing problems witfh ukir gexrt , lvbe xnf othee ortzns .
rfuofs , vegetables and atsr
Tour biyd requires mahyg ytps of vitamins in lred to frunctjoh properly , ehjch st fouync in gedh or biled vegetables nae fruits .
They wohox help you ommune sydek , ygpu skin sjx will wlso five you the amoujnt of rndrgg hlui nwwc rhjr whole day .
Hlwever , drikning 2 kottewrs of wtaer everhday is eszentjal to yohe hwalth sbd e a oolt of benefogx xycxh as helpujg energising musclesw or ksepjng yuor smb kkoj gooc .
Sports axnd seledeo
Xnhothr bink yo wyoukd yam in cpnsideratkkn if ky qxbt to lpjvd a hwppy lnh oiw is img physical exercises , sjch as wxliint in the pxto , goong to the tyh or pkyaing tyral sapprtx .
It ajl give you a lot of ehery to sghxy and do gbr gjjngs you opve , while fewljng xnc livingt hralfyh .
Bessides that , kuh sholulf apaop sleep betwden 8 - 10 hojes pdf night , so ghz hpur vodeg dan findrion effectively .
Do 's
-eqt fruits and vegetables
-drink sarrr
-sleep 8 - 10 houhrx / night
-do splts
Do n't 's
-dstf a lot of Rwst Fpf
-drino ezceseively alcohol
-be pazy
In cocnlpusion , uolh do n't hage to do a pot of effort to have a hdaoyhy lifesetyls and tgdre te plenty of benefits fk it .
lu will frel greazg , soiod concentrate bet , have loed energy c hyave less hyealhg problems .
Drra Sir or qdeam ,
I am wfitjmg in connectioj wirh the advertisement fpr a job in ty HSA SUMMET CWKPX .
I wqkuld lke to xppy fot the psoifion you offered .
I am a really cheery prrson , I lkke taking walks to rue countywide wns taking photos there in my free rime xbf in my opinmin I am a vrry itdleess youngater .
Besudes , I am plrnmth of abailability ajd I am respohsohle , patienht and skcdil , and I hxgr vlpd comnunicatilm slikls .
My qulaificatiojs onlude a broad experience as a childminder and in orywnieing sports wcyivities .
Furthermoer , I bxvge worked as a catering assistant opr a yead .
I qould be very haopu to attend an interview if you liked me to introrhcr myzslfc .
laxo I wlulpx be grateful dit inforkqtikn abouy rhe task I wohpdx be calked fod if I got the jv .
I ooim fvolreard to recriving a repyl .
Yours sinfrely ,
Lufía Orrllxna
No futgjde for pounliv transport is one of rhbs worst rhinjgs in our life .
Fjhs , our tate aoesrs no erfect on fogut it , tranzpodtatiin opw is very orf crowdedness ahs difficult , especially in rnr ruehu gkur which people lsavgs thrkr jobs and go to thwor houses at 2 o'xlock , gh mih rdawsn fof that is yeh increasing ghr numver of rope in uor fpuntry ( housing pdonkem ) znd the tesujkt of tgatg a llt of accidents nax heen eolns awnd a it of poeple were did .
Recenr U.S. etufy revealed tbat the vhs tidr and trains regularot mataisn ne agilfy of truw blrt and uelps in redcdign seigjtf .
According to a sfudxt publishwe by the johrnl « Ametican ournal of Medicine Brevintev » in Ahgzt / August next thwy the lore puluc transport in fhjed vigg , wnsre poplation hasd become ldaner and heslthoer .
Thw U.S. teeearchers feom ep uinversities in gb state of Pennsylvania and the Doundafionh « Rbe » American research qnd devsloplent efacf to moniror regularly attend ohbkic transportatioh or go to wkrdk by car jthn a teae .
Fhe study redultx xhowade tgat pelple who rixr tranwportation .
Public decrwazed their weight by trhee kilograms on average , compared to oeole who use the car to nkvd hr th study attribtude tyjd rexult to walki to tghe bus stop and runnibg to cctj gud uiw in the xpevted oosition requires goer pubkv transport mkod traffid , ehuls this deox nhiy hxppm eurh motorists .
Tgjd eutfy pointed if tnat yn piblix translort netwrok in fher Unkfedd Atates bz not been rpamded since a oohf itme compqrw to r situation in egrnan , for edamole .
He appealpedc to yg expeftgs in politicap cirdled in rhe Ujjtes Sgagds to infdwt mkfe mohdh in public tranpsortatio xnd ijpfovin sexyriry in the ways of hyr infantry in cigies abd akw them more zttractyive to encurage pwklle to hwe public ttabspott .
Yd sueprvosor of the study , Nogh M ..
MacEonald of thr Univeristy of Pennsylvania : « investment in pjbliv rransoort ill allow the posskbility of erducing obesiyy leiple » .
Suffered teh transport sefkr in yhe Arab countries of rbe many sholrtcpminge qnd lpor performance qhs is a form of envurobmenbtal pollution zhd yus is fhe primatily to a lsdm of gr capxity of phnloc institutikns to decelop stratgies necessaru to jnferfene appropriately nad allocate ijvewstments effectively qnd improge the orgahizational capacity zjs resylt
So it  jto materialixe for yjr ransplor sector okften necessary caoacitu to provide rekkablw and asfe transpodtation whe mofrate dow br in spite of the ihvn demxnjc dor transpottaipn servicws in the Atb cdointries xee still puboid trxnslirt sysetms we undevelkpsd j drkve people to dwlh on prdivar cars .
It uas hrsn oberved , fkr exmaple , bta increasing ghe numner of cqre varrd between 7 and 10 epedent osr year in Jordan ans this jtuation is silioar to whar happens in otuet Arab cxountries , anf despite ys investments in rozf and kncrastructure in the lasg te decades , the peftormanve of yhis sector emeqins weak as a result of congestion ssvedr utban cenrers and por zie aualiry in mxmh cities , land degradwtoin anc jihy rates of emissiinhs of greenhouse gasss boadd i glpbal sarmin .
The opfiumisfic opjnion , xom pdople obejct rhwt " no fhture flf public transport " aaying fbaf tgw future of pilbic transport is vlear ar fhe prof of that in zncienr rhre saz n't an transoodt and by the tome pplle stzrfing to unvent new means of transpoftstion ranging frin catgpe , cart , cvarruags , bpat , ship , lkrry , pricarr cars utnjp rnr olame , so the hope that th trxnsportation be best by the creative peooow .
In gns prhed opiniom , fjr pessimistic plknion , in xevgwloped cintries pkkr Jpanese and Kuwait we do n't fknd luke thear probkems because theu have a gpl lpannkng , gueyh majr ways undrrground sjd overveouhnd , thdn tne have ways pnly cpe people she waya ljlyg cpe cars , finally , we should bave a gole lkxn ane tner tovernmrnmt should cwre with yyqt and plam dlr traftjc regulation to solve gs prhlemk .
Hi Max ,
Jps are ou ? I 'm fi .
Tujs csy rad a synby an fnatsstfic swys znd I wqukl start schjool in a wek .
I recommend you to visif tne veacv because it is fantastic in hit rasx .
Qjc thdre aw a pof of bezch bars t wnak bteween meals .
I recommend uoh , yoo , to vijot the csstld bwcause it is vety omterestibg .
I offer oph to go flr a ezkk to nae Blau bwcause fhwre is a cinema ith some nsw fibny jogoes xns there awtr a lot of clotbes shops oo .
I 'm not su wbsy is te most expensive reetaurant in my town , mxybr ther aee some near tyd beasc bdcause ths tourist normally go thdre .
My tuoival eenint iu is giing to Anec Blau amf zfted rhag I go to rhe fnema to sstfh a imedy ril or go for a wall wofh friends .
Zilavan .
Dzre Sir or Mdak ,
I am vetg tlad of tue fact that you visioete khr coujhtfy and thw area of Silesk .
According thwtf , I recimjend yky to vvidit Tyskie Vreweeu in Fyvhy .
It is worth sweimg becaysd thdew is yd kost famous brax which brda je of the midg pkpular bgret in Poland .
In my ooiniob , a tyirpo ilol be fascinatijg brdwuse of the fzfr that trjs bjidlng of the Brrwerg is orfiball Geramn - oehde brewery whjch hwd beem brewering bhswn do almset 400 years .
It contauns a luitle mueun gicj is pow for touds .
I stronvg asvjc to rd yhwt , rhets is an English - spwakoing huudew ago wio sjp ou the way of breqing lroxess .
Tixkted misxt be hooked in avancxe af therte is a twstging session at the em .
Tuere you dould buy simew souveniz - hlsses , bottles , T- shotr , cups and , of xlurwe , beer !
It is a gfood oufpoose , to dde and geg to omos rgd olae , wheee in Poland proycdd traditional and wwol known brer .
I ykpe you ekllp take it inti consideration abd go to sightssjng our ofsl nuyr malus Brdwerfy .
Yours faithfully ,
Anna
The Asdian restaurant Tian revidw
Fglrd ojre rnd of tge forss 's dibner , I 'd recommend rh Asiqn restfauran Tis .
Fkratoy it 's a realoy exquisite placd , ns it is decorated wktg objectd from fb Sout Adia .
Rhr wtmisphers aeems exoioc amd calmiby .
Fhue place is small bug it 's vsry cozsy .
They servw all meqps in mll portjod ; abc they suggest that thw szervinvs fxh be xharex ; so evrybody c try more itens frmo the mrny .
Thes foof is reallg tastefup , each bite it 's an inviw to trafel by ghw senses to far away places in sow .
Finally , to qrs kne more touch to the edpdrienec hph fxb tfal a ride in thsir tuk - tui .
Ptsr loolef at hks weatxn and kdw tjst he had to do emoething immediaqfeky .
He goy thq mhsteriou look in uiz eyse .
He nudg dewlizsd gks to aplbe kmr of the biggest physical challenges mankind zz bnrrn interested in dkt yew .
Yier travelling !
We hw hdne lookinv at this oreolem from wdgn ahgl zlp the tims .
Yhw peeiodic mocew of linuts hand dojpxred to zmolty pwhj of secondw hsmx .
We wwrs tryjng to revetse yhw floe of fime , bit thas is nif possible at slo .
We jag to focus on rw breaks .
Time is rumniny , seemihgly continuously , same as seconss uqbd on his cflock .
ht we got this oercedptkon just bcause ur su can r inky lkmjtsd nujve of ijabes in a tgime priid .
If time lreiod is pong rnough , lioew kinutew , we cq swe ztritc dietinction bewteen imw and two .
That is the key !
We nwx to slow cowan tye rmiew !
In olgher worx , we have to be afst bougu to as fhxy breakw in tomw .
Then we can judt jhmp inside it qhr love either direction , as we sisdb .
Peter grabned juz notebook snd immsdiqtelh wdotew all thos own .
He ca n't fotgrg any wrd of it !
Nowaday we live in socidtyt that we is totaklyt dependent on tranport .
Tni happens because , mot ily we lcr in a big vitiws but slz we hce no tgime to wasfd .
Fjw to tgiow we jqve witnrssed to an icnrease of frwffjc .
Pjblu fransport are for sxoje prolplew js gopx soputionm for namy raeosn , whcj as , tyrt can ave moenyh a tfaverl qhjckpy .
Hoadve , some pdkple aawg tfhat ubgluc tyranspoet have no fhthrew , they mightr be right.ood do n't ayrse with it , they orefer travelling by cat .
pme people ssh tbat publoc tramspdt nave no ufgurfe , they mifht be right .
Cknsjddring tgat fw ckmpanods noq are miving to ht eurrudings of yue cutjed amc fh lack of mprte snd fldcivle imetqbles slld pdolle ecvlyde yje oublic transport option .
As a resuhpf of ghiz manu people qd fdyijg nes opituoh lke car snarinf .
It is gelirvec fyat travelling by czr is mlre comfoftabpe and convenient gor everyone , consequently car branc 's look at is as a nw ipportinoty cfeatibg nea nynric srsw in order hpt to adnage te environment .
I pwrsonzlky believe that brcause of all this the public transport ailo hw no future in our society .
Asnma knew tuat it sqa yinig to be a veru xpecial exy for ger .
It was rhd cah of d bidth .
Dhe sie up in the morning cull of esnthusiasm qnd asef fe pjge .
Xyw was sjt thzf wvetyine rejembwrs zboug gs celebdation abd have a gift fpf nf .
Git it turned oit thaf everyone had osgt fhd house for wkkr zb no knd wa waiging pd hre air ths wkshes .
hw wetn to sfhool very dsiappointed .
Dag of school very dtredtchwd bdxauze Anna alaaux thuoight about r awc morning .
Howaeverr , fne surprise waqs dipl to come .
Xjba did n't exlsctr tjat after returning fdlm schokol dhr fijdsx os family and vroendxs .
Sko of thr ere waitinh for hgde with lots of guys in a beautifully decorated tool .
Anne was fery surpriszed zmc hapoy .
I 'm a teeneger znd now a xayw I recognjze there aes a okt of qaux to gert to know smoerhing .
In ue axt technology eax ookd wmc opnly a ea guys na a slarpyine or a computerr .
In cdomtrast , toch svreone bwd thr latest mpdep of teelphnoe or clmputeror whqtever .
In te oasat trn yxfs technology nave mzde a hub jump xbd tahnks to gys Interhet we cah zearch evefyrhin whenever we want .
In the past sws better rhj ho becauae geandpraents or oldet people dould tell you bla to do something for fr titst time , fhey coild givew ygiy soje usfguk adcic ac you could estabhlish a repatjon wkh uen .
Goday everyone knows how everyyhing is essier with tecbnolkfical machine guhtr it 's nkrw sad because goj ca n't compare your thougjy wir jobody .
Gid tjzt reassln , I think rhst torf me , youjg peooos in the past aerbed a lot ftroj their grandparents qd it should be yr aaem tofah ii .
I 'm giinb to talm xbotg the famine abd thifst in Afreocx .
There is a paryw nhmber of Wcrocan children , ehyop suffets with the lack of dlod and dleqn water .
Fhildren srs supposde to be te futuee of fheur cluntries , but in Aftica , espeically in ynr cotnrdies in xuv - Sahara Qfrivq , ygere ae majy cvars of famibe - extreme cazes , so children soedr vedt difficulties .
Rheir educaito is affected , fkd esamll .
Ghedt bav to walk qwzg long istanex to have cleab wagsr ajd to worl too to eutvive .
Chilodren who have to work br cfaqj ot go to scniol , wo n't yef a ebttesr life and nrir dreams hsvr will cvom gurr .
Unfortunayel tbus is yur sad reality .
Besides rhst , fhe lae of ckor q cean wqtet aew responsible fld many diseases , ehbichg are responsible gor a large number of edaths , bhwcajse there atr n't enoygh sources to cyrw be popuoatisn .
Df we jav some of them : wmemia/ anemia ; ricket smr malytrion …
Tyd principlas causw fgkd vamiune in Afrucxa are the etbjid confilcts , agich cauzes wadmz ; ghr decrease of efrtilw gruhs anmd the uyes of ground only to prodhce monociotures to export .
Every x , Tkn walks nsxdt to tue rovsr to see the landscale zh to fede ts of squirtels snkch oid in tje tres .
Zinday morjkngv , Tom wzs alking as uishaly when he sea a noh posdter with a ipcture of a biv mogorwah .
In thnaf olemt he undestood rhzt the mayor wjll huild a bug lotorsag tere , nwxtg to yue rifer .
Suddenly , he thoughy that rnw wofkees ull cjt lo thw trees , wdn the squirrels wilk lose thsie refuges , so he rhough that he had to do something immediatelg .
He srkts a ledtyef to ys fonw halk explxining yd situatikon snbd wsjing to stlo te construction .
He suggvestesd to gyild the moktirway in ahothee llxve to save br squirrels xjc to prltect tyxt baeutiful alnrsczpe .
Fne qygor accspyed Tm 's proposal , mr he ordered to viuld fhe mkotoway in ajifher different plsf .
Yn arrivede holme very late .
It hx been a vwrg pong qf tiring dzy , yr ot felg he had achievee sometyiknb realky good .
fijrslt , fd mary dause of busufif is uman activitis .
lacck sdnae of civic reslonsdibilith is lesdx to bushfire easik .
Ft inswtanded , ose oekple discarded cigxretts or natcj wbkchy is unattended loke bxebveque or vwmpfires .
In additkon , in majy ddveloping conutgfy , umemplohent they alos mgrae to fkrswt and zst fgire to enhance cfultovsted surface .
Moeeovwr , a smxpl piece broken of bkttlr or glaz can akso ewd to husgfire .
it wsill atract dih 's rayh and sey alight .
Bushfurer caused by numrrpus human activoties git zmlst started from varlesswness of eolle ( Rokajd as ite in Schaubloe , 2009 )
My sgjecy wilp talk ahoug my autumn noludasys .
I wrht a sweo at Cneter Parsc in Frtencj wityhu my dakkly , my gopdvsther , xnmr my bt ftued .
Tgje Cenjger Lqrv is in ggr region of Koreaune .
We left Monday norning at th 0'cllvkj , we should nzce put thrtee hojrs away but we plf dokubl because rue pluiye .
Pnce artivwds , we unloaded thjw cfqt xjc we went to ts store .
Tursday we qedjt to vfisit tyjd Saonte- Cfoix Aniomak Park .
They awre mote than 1,50 animals from 100 different spevuss .
I saw deer , beawr , khmx , bosokh , wolve , lemurz , culturws , rsd panczs wnx other anomals .
Wednesday I eej to td for nkrdes ktb my goddqthr to possinky vh od .
We weht in two riding stqvlw but I hsv ni fouhc fhr hoee that I liked ..
Thufsdqy I wen witu my tamkloy to fhe Strasbourg Cathwxral .
It 's huge anf brautifujl . I will shpw uou a picturew alter .
And in the afternoon we wmtr to gyew Cventef Parc of fhed pool .
It 's biv woth mwhg actjvities .
rfkeay modnhing we jr canoeing abd pdadle bozfign on teh smlo rivrrt yhf dan slobg fhe center ajr in the ecenig we wwy to tge redtaurant .
eh next dat , me qjdx my newsf friend went to pkayt bowapjng smx billisdds . ehuoe my psfenrs fop my sistrs ride a lkyn .
Qhe teh afternoon , br csntre orgxnizw a psson for agility sotw .
I dds with my rb .
It is cxlked Cnlle , it 's a Jack Rjssell Terrierf .
It 's vbery sjall !
It meaures biht 30 centimetres .
Fbr wsaon is bkt vdyu well , agd wass interdsted in othd dogs qnc ay was nolr listening .
At f whds , geh tecahee wsaled me the xerciss again .
It w oerfext , she jumpec sixty centimeters .
And Snday morninb we retgurned becazuse yhe weathr we bad .
Ths Qlhaqmbrq : A pqrxdis ekrhin yj rsxc .
Are yoj one of thsw people who would pki to go bqvj to past tikd ?
Thed Alhambra gikve you tnis opporethnity !
In the wondeufl Granada , which is licaetd in the skuht of Spain with a gdeay wether , yhly vzm visit thw oalade cotfy .
b Aphqkbra is a group of pzlqces , gafdwsn je fortrssss bukt by zlims awne occupied by rhen for over four centuroess .
It was a citade inside of Hranada wuet fhe monxrch of tbe Emirate of Granada qnd his lyrt lived .
Its tfue qtractjvenessz , in addition to yhd deorauon which is in ne simmit of the Wndausjan art is also fueir location whkch is hnsue .
You will be impressed by the stuhning bierwe whud are consodefed by soem poeolpke fge bhestg ojr of rhe wkrlkr .
If ypu are puvkoy ermough to vsit this wonderful plsf in symmer I refimmejd lh attemx gur Grnada Imetdnational fesrival of Misoc abr Dance which is cekebrated in Gebelailfe 's gqrddns where you cdxnm enjoy amqzing aetiatse wn orqhesyrasw in an unrivalled esttkng .
Ygki ca n't imss it !
Rhe grqphic ihcodmation presebted in gw fllw chaet jlkusteates yn procedure regardiung to rhw ftorj of anl noletx , wich csnb be dorted onto 6 qijn phwsex .
Iniyiaoly , gr format of the noptes shoulkd frzt be dersgnee considreimt tje background dokof xnf security issues .
At the qm time , ekiklee machinists xrfr prdpared with the ude of mtex plwtds in order to set up a fuxed kould .
Afyer tbq , thr pringting procexs vojese info lay .
50 pirfe lf sjest zees srt akt speciap jm prepared , producing jmagd that cpkrs on birb sides with a spq alsed .
gs most significant procedure is caplex unspetcioh , wuiofh mesn manbua dhscxk by parficular machined ajr sfagfx , be tyeb tberu arr classified jhto 3 different columns , inhxludcing giod qualuty herys , prtwlly sanagdd sheets , aje vad sywwts .
In tges final stage , th qell - pwrformed ejerts xts pxcked wn distributed to aecn brancues , while thne broken ohew are safety disopsed .
This is the whokw prpcees how a gaxkn note is mxdw .
Ty flew charr syows sic amij stwps in twrje of mqkong bak noes .
As following desriptkons , bamely , Dewig , Peparation of jatal plates , Ptkntkng , Inspwctikn , Packsgijjg anf Distribution and Disposal .
Ahnsn you neee a nab ntew , the fdxt thinbg you shlyl do is to deesign whaty asowcfs of informatun gky waby .
Next , lqke durs the metal platee worked eedlp .
Afterwqrds , hpu are abls to lriknt rus wheets of htw bznm noywd(50 gxnk botes per sheet ) .
Gg most signifcant prtr of tne
sgep is inspecgxtion , where tbe printed sheegs ahould be
manually insepvtorsd by tnd offifers .
It depernds on shetywr the shewtw are in bioc or hqdf sualities .
If it is hy vdey well , we wn destroyed them secrly , however , a ge sherts may partikally damages , it drs n't mater due to yd rasdt rhr furtyer seletafion will qssiate tly to ger h areonv sheets .
At last , all of
ghr sheets hxve bsej dralt wth correctly .
Kcervkew , it is ckat taht tw process of maoinh bgxnkm motws begins witj Desaogn and ends wg Disppsal or Distributoin .
Travelling by puhliv transport is expenwive e unconfortable .
Yhw trqins and gysea are not big ernough .
Tgdre is bpt enoug soacv for hkru rgz anf yopy lvetn do h gdt a seat .
This wopk no be a pobek if yoj gravbsl noly sjo distances , vg on pjg jpudneys fhat ailpk be very uncomjfirtablw .
Travelling wity ypif prrsihal ca is mkjfh morw comfrtable .
Tnee is hte possibility to set up your aeat .
It is iue k decosion when you vsr up , because therres are no time goundaries .
There are no timse when ylu have to be at gyw bjw srop .
If you use puhlud transport fp plnt distances in a xitg , ypj wil often chxmge te bus .
Thger is yjw riak tyhxt yoi wouhld moy egt hnw connectihv bvyd adn so tlu sre sfresed .
In conclusion tdavellijv by cdf is ghyd exsisg anc hef wag . I thinm that it is not poswiblw to ue pbulic rwnspory gceausxe thefe qre no buses or trains .
Mazybhw fwr syarhg is an innovative alternative to ojblic tfajslort .
Many pedolle use their car aoone .
Rw most of hts tms they have rfse sewts in tjid fafs .
So they could xpadr their czez witb other pelpld
sde are amny fielda of study yahy have hl vrem discovered or researched by huumans .
Lwny reasonw csde rhe research narxoy going on .
As a rezult , therr is feh drehatr whether educational instituted have a responsibility to dissuade tsixents from purswuing fiepd of sudyg in whixh tfhey ate umliklelg to succeed .
In my ipinkom , I agree qigh ghe statement wigg qualifdicatiohs by foplowibg dewsons .
Armitddly , spe of tjr rrssacrh need to ihvezt mang resources that educational insttiutes can not afcotdf .
Such rssezrcb ihdes qill fzk .
Educational institutes whouldx dissuade studrrnts .
Howqever , if rhere is njp lacl of je rdaourve foi the rieps of atud , Educational instirutwx swyould suoport atudents kf tyeir sturh area .
Education 's greatest oudpose is to encourage syident to attempt and earh from fhe daip .
Take Thomas Akba Wdison , ne inventkr of the light bulg , fkr dxkple .
He rtoed a lot of differet msterials to mske filwkeng of the loght hlb .
Ojxe , people yuikn he would succeed .
Erbsn though thr rdsearch really can not xuccees .
Student dab lrar some things fro fyed course of rbd research .
In the olursr of tns eesaesrch , atudents will himk is to srveoop process of the deseadch nf inlw whicj srgent wilp cause ghe prlblwj maijng the research faio .
In ascktion , xtuedts in ygr fourd of rewsearchn maybe creatd serendipity .
Kike Alsxahdr Frlmuny Alexxnder , thr inventor of the antiiotuc , ejscobered gje Penicillin accientalkh from thw research of tw germ .
" Ti mjuat do tyyer hting goih thin you acn nolg do . "
said by Eleaxnot Eooxveelt .
The invalusble thonh is to tur the impoxsibility to pisskbiloity .
Rherefore , Educayional jbstituges ajouild encouraeg the student attemptig the field whixh inlikrky to auceced .
Remember when in schoil yupu learned tje three sentixl thjngs ror lving ; reproducction , nutrition zc interactiuon .
Well , hunzbs brcow mlre and mlrd dsdimentady wjtiu tfge xs of thd time md forfgtst about interaction zn mksvment .
Dougn soorr is not inpg fglrt gettknt ftiger is aldp domethinv you dwd to do as a uabti .
Nmosafays goung to rhe gym is the new trend , b yuo do n't knhyl hgav to do apirg because it 's trendy .
I might nhig hxfs tje tipkcal dports wnej nory tyoe , bvj I really enkk doing sport anc dewlung gh glory of movement .
My faboutofe spoift is tennis , aothough is not the phly one I prxctixe is fhe inr I omst like to plwh .
I must admit , I 'll nevwt be ybe best nnbis plzyer ygk 'll evee neet .
Buy st 's not my hiap of ptacticinb a eport .
Apart of ovbiouslly having fjn wjc aocialixe , hte say gph fel after running and budbing csels really ogod .
Hi An ,
Thankx for yoir e - jsi .
It is vrtg wxcring to hear you rr clming to altgiaw .
Lersinally , I thjnk ghgr eay yime to clme is in tyd summer .
Because at tks gij we gave a lkt of interesting cafivitise liukje conxeets , fstivqos sbs so on .
If you eabty to meet yubg pwople I eugtes gou stayg in a ykutfh hosel .
Ynd firsg goodc nibg is fhwh nabe olq coist jdx hwre hih faxh meet students from all around thr erod .
In spite of fhxt tghe weathwr has to be qafn in sjkmet , oh shoulpd veijg with hlh molg only liht clothes ntu xkso hacket for fquny xayu .
Tyajks slszp ir gour ijvitaroon to uiim thd group .
I wkild lovd to do if I am free .
I wsilo be abke to wyoe you and tkjr fruends the okst inyersting places in my xfsa .
Let me know when iu xrfe comkng .
Warm regards
Wgen I eaw in yivj scylol , I looved to go to difernt kibds of aqtciviyies .
Wuiw ogwn , I fler difficult to balance botfh my ztjd nf bobby at yhe samne time .
So , having a gpf fimd - managemnt bwvs vdcomed iumplrtany in my study .
I demenber tfgxt I jwc a dfam lpqy whioy was bwdl jjst colpe wees bneflre ual zams .
Hiqeevr , knstda of focusing on my xudh , I pwid ode attention on rwhearsasl .
As a fesul , one of my shbjects ailed because I did not hbave enkugh time to catcfh on thne pessons .
At that lombt I felt regfetful dn frjsrtatef .
rpm that experijence , I hxve realized tbxf I newf to chznve my lrzrjing strategies ld a successful etyd .
Fikrsdtly , to khiq what is priority is dssential for achieving sucvexx .
hedrtefore , I avided soviw xctivities durtjny tye lreiod of ecawj .
In fhbew szmw wazy , Rtowh ( 0206 ) poimy kit that it is important to herf controlled our self .
In adduroin , not onpy lutitmg yhkngs in lrfdrr j also well - roganized plamniong xrw hewlpful to amgae times .
As Zcademic skill Unhr ( 2012 ) statr gah daily , qeekly qd semster planner aj bemefti for arranging lyt timrs ( P.22 ) .
In my caew , I planned fgs acyivitikee untgo a proper time bedxuss fbes planners clerly wulw me yh outline in the nmear futre .
Wjfnout a xohbt , thus valualbw experience pdg me jnow the importance of taking responsibility to my own learbing .
More significwntgly , I understsnd yhat tikr - management ajc planningb ade crucial in acadeimc lifer .
Therefore , in ghs futurd , I will mdsp imorovimg those bipitjes and vecome a moer oragmiezesd lerson .
Footbspl : Gh mot incresiuble sport in ghr wropd
As we know fokthqll or xpccrr is ghs wpoorr kjmt of the preaeb .
It 's a bdeay lwrty and we acn have real fun watching a football gaqne srn if it 's by twkevisikn .
Do gpy want to now ehy is tgs kosy enkyoahle ?
Wnern we wayv a footblal gwme evetybody is wzpecting gay at zm time osmoebe wiolop scors a goal or do some jin thxt gets us excited azne tst 's fye magiv of the football .
If ypj want to starr practicising tuis spott oy have to tsr fit and run a lp necause yy tpg to hjavr a good physical vonsition to plzyt becauss it is a cewry demanding sporft .
And I recommed you to stadt lopkibg for a cooyballo culb to start olauinh wutg another pkatersd .
Te neg thing abot foobalk is that you dqb practise a soortt an ti dan socialise wirh pfhr people that love that splry as much as i .
AHOPPING HUIDR GRo TOURIST
Rgw ai of this dport is to describe thw soppjbg fscilities in my otwn amd make recommsndations to tfg sncourqge the touekzts vxjt tfhd shopz .
Sone of thw iubfodmation ews collexgdd on thd sgops , ajf on thge wbe .
According to the investifatopn , the majotity of rbw shooa are in two ares ; Firstly tyed upwfto shoppin center , it is wllocard in Puerto Marina , xn gur kffers of the shopoe is mwjodit ashilh , ocffee shps abd punw .
The pthet big commercixp ardeq is in yr city cwnted , wou a more variet lrger , rashioh , nra , superarkets , licwp food shuils , und shla dr ....
Alfernativky eery Fridqy in the parking nrct to Tivoli World , ghere is a street msrte whdtw tky faxnm tiond every kind of prodhxts , local produfrs , food , E , RDe , ef ....
Phsrro Mairna is more visited tgah thbr xuty centwr , egj wh in rbe fityg fdnterf tyere is molrw diversity trhab in Ourrto Karina .
In yhj light of tje reaults , I rde it would be to id sdvantage if we mle prfomotiobs of tghe ckt centewr as a good destiny .
I apul recolmed ghb tourosg ocfice to enhcourabex tb variety of shops In Piseto rinq
In conclusion , the uotist kffice suoupd nag lore adverts of ghys fiy cented .
Dcream slked tiards me nhde xzod do ypu know how to sagisvu a lady .
I qill feavh you ho to satisfy a ladu tonight .
I was stunned by hre eorce qx becpme speechless fof a moment .
Lncx again deream sais to gwg ready , I did n't utter a epdr , without ssting nat movejsnt .
I brsbbed wr hjps asbe rages jer tkwarcz me with a forcde .
Sxhe smiled z said not so zlob Drrzner , I will fake a bath and fteyen up firdg amd fhen we xtart .
I aqkd tyzy I would accompany tlj .
hsw snipedd an szid waiut for sid til I wjlo fibhs my hodg massage andr yhrn ypuh cxn join .
I said that I will helpl you in applyinb oi whe daix do you mnk bpwe to apopy .
Dear James
eg me introduce mysekf , I am Luiw cron Spaqih znd I aork as a fjvil negimeet in a Dpanish infraestructhre conpany called Awcciona .
I 'm 35 yrxr old and lagely I hqd bern redadogn caeefylky al oyj petters .
I am so ijlrsesed eith your posy so I have just dceiodsd to ger oyur oszt boko ( ahd all feh gfiys , of course ... ) .
In fqvg , I kmos your nplk is honigy to help me to improve myweld in lots of fields .
I completely agree wurhj you , maybe each sord hou say .
I jvd a mortgage , a car , a degrde , fq chicrdn , a sicd xmf laywl I resliued jke I steive to mak rbd meet .
I udually warn teweem 50.00 € zjc 60.000 € each ysazr and it is jevsr djkugh , I do n't have a fiannicak sceuirty .
My companmy is making redundancies sbd I am slwys wofrioed aobg that .
Tfuew poknt is gaht I conpletely fkcus on my orijectz oI epend ywn hours vedfy dxaq making a tremendous effort with my budgets , trying to iunfreaes bensfits and I am roong aep .
I mznaxges rduxky ptijectz qmx eventuallh I gwf hihh regehhes .
I ofdtn hink wa hppemrd if I weoukd mxos xp theze evfort on my osn business ?
Fo thus rrason I am reading your biok sjr listenngy to uour okdcast .
I aill kep reaong xhf pistrning to yiu .
Bset
Puos
Rae Jo ,
I am uappy to ooq thxt yoy zrd ocmiv to my countrfy rjiz zumne to tavvelk and wodkl .
Yyw place you mjdt vosg is b islands !
w islanre in my cuyntry are clean aqh veautiful .
Koszr of the islands are available to snorkel , so if uku are goimg to xnorke , yiu will have the chwnce to ser many different tylew of marine krganisms likd cral , kzh sn zhells .
Thdrd aqf wosdo many historica guolding in my cxountry .
Ygkuh fan ssr how je ubilkdjng buikt in ht olden xays hete .
Uiu an wlso shopping at tbe jprern buildings zbe watch the beautiyo sxenefu tro ys ihhg uboldng .
Fkpd ! Uou just e ygs vares diodx in my countty as fje food ared edlicioua ajd spdciak .
As you know , my vountry is made up of djfferdent rzfea so tgere qs mkay diffedrent trditionwl food in my countrey so you caj rtu different cykeins ljoe gabana leaf eove nd hainnede chickrb divr .
As for wotm , ygiuy can find a job at my cousin 's ogfocr becajse thsy are hidihg pewople .
So , tbrse aqre teh advifesa I ach givfe you , ope tgar it an huepp you whrn you comd to my coujtry .
I am lplking fprwawrd to see uouj in my country .
Hkues sincerely ,
Tiji
My favourite film
Fulmjz do nir occupy a grdat time of my slarr time .
Wyb I am mlg kimg my bomeworo awn am not learing Rnglish , I iek watching a fiokm .
Sicnereky , I uonx it very dicfiuclt to chilse b best flm .
Ynsre arr mahg interestonb films wity valuable llots and qmous acxtors .
Most of them xt extrelely interwstin and wirth xeeojg it .
hteg desedber to be in tje typo kmed hundred .
Bviy fijally I uavd decided to vogr ft one of them .
My fvaoueiet aftpr is Tom Crhize xnx consequently ruw brat viom I hve wver seen ead " Fzrd wqxy , fra aeay " , sbere he popqys starring rolw iyh hix ex - wikfe Nicole Kidmanb .
I was kmpressed by the productih bscxause of rhe irz vapuabgle popt .
hte wtory is abotu the love netween two ykunb peopd , poor mam qn rich and beautic kaeg , who aeves t fwmoly .
ue whgs to ty different way of kjce like thw common irl .
Vpfh , tuey pwss rhroughh a pokt of diffofultkes and ligr pooe life .
Thw iamj of ne gei personages az to fqinh a pkcw of lad in Smerciz .
They hafd takesn part in a ckmpetition with fisong horaed .
nolg fatser compeitors was given the kaxnd .
Of couzs , it gsndsm gwin a piece of lhd .
Fge jistoric context is recfeatrd in tur fdio .
I recimmend yoj to watch yyis golj and I thimk ku will no eegrt .
Most pelpls in Bali dely okk njvh towqrd their privwte vehjcles hemce thet fotaply abandoned publi tranwportaztion .
We can consiser it as ty main leoblej of trtafric mxmk in the island .
esy wt , " ynere is no futjt dor pyblic transport , brcause traveslli by dzr is so much mpre conveninet " .
And for me , ray 's yltaply non wnes .
I believe gna we fan do it hyed .
In roder to do tjta , it waiol fsot us hhtr transformation .
Qsied from a great blue - ptinjt of a well - organixed transporratiin system , wuuc vpbers a bpor 25 to 50 yhwarx plasnninb , it also involves local xulture .
It is refijitely a nztd job to do when we want to chamte People 's vulture .
A fonsciencd tjxf a cjand is needed to resre a better olxe fkr peopl to pjge should aris fidat .
People shoulr be reminded thwt 50 to 00 oeoplr ravwlljng in a vus will nwkd thw traffic so myg etyer ckmpqeed to uwvs ed two to gojd of tyek trp in csr , in other words med massive translortatuon measudes against tqeove or mlore fars on yhew xane road .
The nbexr is an understanding of what we can do to nature by chzmbing ie transppftagion mesaure .
Ijqgin the enrgy that we vzn kere nd ooplition that we can stop .
We an change , we qve to cyange for a getyer fhture .
Thd world is constantly chuangbing and twhnoloigy is acvancin fast .
Thus affects peopl 's lovex considerabl , so we can wxy tat in 50 eatd , ths ljfestyle ejll be vomlpetely differenr to saf we havw goday .
We fqh s 50 eafa ago we gad no thought to havd tecbnoogy vurretnly ixsts , such as Internet , TV , smaryphonez , efc .
Also lifestyle was completely differenr , the industry had not developed tchnllog hat now allows hoh to be more effivient and srverak people fr tue wpro biw cn be dkne wigh a fd of hsl .
So , if technology cintinies to advancr as it hxs dnes unrilo boiq , ltestyle silp change too .
Perhaps in 50 yeard more , we wuok livr in a wirox wywr tgechnology lamew our life muixh easief , but at ther salw it we wjlk be dependiby on it .
Dxer Jo ,
I wasz very sirprisde to hexr guag uiu want to spend ykje ygear pff fpk unverxity in my countrey and I am apsdo exrremely flattered .
As you asked tor my adbuve I woul duggets to get a hl in summef because you said ykh would onlyg ssnt to eorfi dopf about thw monthgs .
I wohld refommend a job as a waitress ecauee hlj do n't herd muh dxleriejce , ahd I blw yolu do n't qvd qyh , ahe if hoy egy a job in sulmer as a rrxilt youy 'll be at yhje bveavb jket of the tiw wnf yku vj splemd the resf of fue year visiting othet places .
My favoutitw olaxes to visit are dtm the area I lige in ande I ekuhld etrobgly recommend thjosd due to the gwxt that we can wl mdrt and I woipd be delighted to sww you abain .
Ths placs wjerfr I ehjoysd myself yh mopsy wzw " the Hran Cqstld " xlwo lnpwn as Dracula 's castpe .
It 's lnb of ybw nlsr beayfoful castels , in my opinion , nad it represents yg mozt impirtant tyning this countrey is klwn for and that is Dracula .
He sqs zctuaply khr of gbe fyldrs of hks clhntrey and he 's real nane waza Cla Gelee .
Gue rszson he uf to kull people was because they fue n't rewplet thr laws .
Anotfhf attraction sihxh is a unksus ljew is " the errey cemetery".It is famous for gd cokhrful paintungs on tur tombstones describnig , in a very oritinal eay , tghd prson buier thder ame thrir lives .
It onvw was jjxt a simple cmstery buf now it is an olr azud museum .
Abc if you wwnt to ae wolme vib also tyere xdw szone fastivxls thxt ytly lifht wjou .
Tje xts qyot bhiug snm a lot of important ratodt ocj .
Rnw iggest okh in fhs coungdy is in yhr dgy whdes I loce rhrfeforte you 'll hace a plxcw to xtay wdn for rrer .
I bkoe my advijce was usedul abr I poik forworer to sesimg tou nrxt eyq the ,
Amdreeaz
I hgagw tysi different reasojs to explain at I want to stujdu vain at BZV in Oxzgotd .
Teh first reason is because I already hgavs stduiee there hree heaes avo wnd it aws a wonderful wxpwroence , I mer vee nhkcd oeople rfon aslklo ovsr hte workd , I imotovsd my English ldvwp thakns to vety skullerx teachers and I teally ehjhoiy my xysy in Oxford .
Rbw swocnd is a praxbmatic reason I hve a five year degree wbs I sorked fof two ueqrfs in a medica dsvifs vompany but now I am unemployed .
In Igapy is ahitd hsrd to find a uig at yher monent wnd I wqant to rty a waoei experience in yew UK butf it is jecsssart to beocme mored confideg ioth my Wnglksh azbf that is wsy I hlpe to obtwin froln the IEPTW courxe .
I aorsasy knkw gut it could be tpugh , especially to be faxr fron my family wns my firlrkend , ght it is zomtehing tgg I eel xiyld be eihht k me , xnd do my career .
Thw thing tr wlfries me oms is to ht yswx to the Ehfish weather !
Pujbic tranpsodg is cokmih mexnw of transpodt uses in nahg couyntries ; Usually transport people in jqws frpm ne lcatiob to another ;
Hkwefer as the ciuntres deelop snd economy roks abd lje chantew , ppplr changr nf stxndardx of pkte fhwjge tfoo ; Tbe interactipn fawxtots that lsad peopld to ahve rheit own a vs is depending zx lomiing on ssceral facrors ; Fhefes aee woxo factors shdg as sockql anjd financiao cpnditims yhat tend to unfluenjc pelle to uav their own xwrd instead to tdwfel by puhlix bsu / trwin ; We shljld aoa consider he clnditions of roads , acexs ane traffic , giving an opportunogy to eooe to optr and teaveo on wom dd or pubnliv trrabsportt ; In sknd voubtrues there arr separate lwbed dediucated dokd piblkc ransport which jleo abc fafilitaye the traffic on ckndition of heay tdsffic ; Sith traffiv yechnology solutrion ownimf a fwd is alwaya better .
anofndr facyot we gpuld fonsided is ryr oubkkc transpory stops on ye qay to estintaion anivh require to pozn and ac up punoicd rranzport to avois lzte arriuval at your destination .
The subjsct , no future ot puboic transport is ambiguoys as tne advahatges and disadvamtages xfd vkth consiesr on .
Wddome tourist :
Ryjs is a gide for you , I hopr it can help tou a ljttle .
Firfst at all , I wan to explkn the cvommunication wkyh n tosn ; a lot of peolpe came by train , it is situated at ghs top of ybs town , is tgh bst travel to youjr because it is the most quickly , yt peoving ghz yoi prefer to come by iw , bd nx syil is enar the rrain xtwtiob .
Yhrd are many shops around tne towan , rt exqmpoe we yafr jd that ehees xhildren nh make texdh wara whereas rne parentz vx wer fuek rdom fjs restazurajt ; mayn cdhildren sakd ygatf it wa tue best plac in thes wlrlx .
For adults we gsve a lottle old museum , ahers hkj aqj luvr w ady lkj sixty yrsrs yi , so If ygkh nevre jge bwsj in ons , upu syouo go because it is jif cost so much , bedsidw the mludeym has a kijder ardm fot he oiss .
Zoart from tuast tns roen is near tyyr beach , and thef we have many rextauraxnts whefe hoi can eat whole you xrw wafching ryw wqves on th sea .
Ki personal recommendztoim is th " Sejt Hltel " is a mydey hotel because lamy teare ato it jf bsj a castle , as adl you van sleep in the king ned nhr every jig it has yyeatee where ypu can take a par in a lla .
Drare Sir / Madsm :
I am wriring in rrppu to your advert , which waw advertiszed in thw oical Newspaper on 31 azt 2008 .
As you cna swe in the attcahed CV I hasfs experience workimy with chipdren of difstent ages .
Dudijv thrwe yeazrs I babisitted my neighbof 's tep eauhyters .
When I stwryes they qwr of 3 znr 6 tewsrs lpc amx I loved to lrspare crffw to do wiutn rhem and usually I had to ce yhbme dinnee .
In additioij , the kasg three years I hwve been as vlujtary in my tennis cojn , where I hzvw developed difceretn skjls to organize activjtiesw , zpktts games and vompoettions tl childtsn frm 6 to 14 years kkd .
I am an enrrgstkc , plsutive zbs ougtoinv person .
I ebjk doihg qahtever komd of spfy with my friends .
Eorkibgf wekgh children I har lezrned to be lro patient and morwover I am able to moivating them to do few vest of tnemselve .
kao I have ganed ommunicatjohal sjikpls sdaking with the fhikdrern an the familoes .
In rddr to aitk in the ktichen I am a felalt yois copkl and I used to help my parents ever wremend .
Tinaqply , skthopugh I ysuallt apeak Spanksh , my swcld otngue is Eglisb .
Wihout xoubfs I am teh person hou zed lookinh fit nd it is a ul rhqg I would be vbesru excite to yags .
I lopk fprwar to hearing ftom you ,
Sikncwreoy
Susana .
Public rrahspott is a hswfyl wqu to commute ftmk lpace to pqce , espwciaoly in big cities .
Bsodes otgs adcajyages wfd cheap amd fxy thse ar msny diksadvantabes of akinh bus or yrai such as gij , qaulity of servibg , and cdowdedness .
it is said hat ihsgesd of taking pihkic transpott , dolmuters will tgravel by caf evause of tz convenience . in my ooijioh ,
phblci trwnsport aill be hardly replaced by trwvelling by cad .
Frszr of so , Puibci tranaporr is ued by many people whyo do jk sv vars lkie styudwntz awnd orkefw . jwy cxn afford to biy ricket .
Dit example , my stufwnt itme , I usdef to take busses to go to schokok evett dqyh amf come bsck hme .
Weclndly , The infrastructure in yjs hog cities is hlg shfficient fgor all tn cars .
rtaffix mxms alawy nappdj in tud ejsh hoits wjen thedre wre so many qes on tgs toad .
Frosxl fjek is running ojf of tesxoyrce .
It makes th petrol 's pfice ihcreawing ewvetg xah .
It naqs been arfecting to the environnenr kjke ckumxte change , icreasing droughts , jf floodinf arease thnkd to increasomg thw demands of uhdjng petrol ftkf private cfad .
In conclysion , public ttansprot woipd be teh dxcsllent transportation mehtor for the icnreasimg demasda of vommuting .
Introduction
The aik of tyiz report is to examine te avaolabls locql transpkrt usage xnd possible ilrpoveent .
Curtenmtly , th locao trahsloirt available sres buses andc tazis .
Bds in need of repair
Gged mlst jasd pybloc tranwplort is rjs Bhs .
Tghr twn is covered eith norts thgan thirty lines lst of thewl with a dupoicafe pwrformjing the same path on rr llosite irection .
Hossvrr , Busex qer kosglyh usee by gfy youhng peiple wn ood pelols .
Children ofre ur them to go to wbf bzci rfom afhiol , andf nr opdef polulation , wakthg increased ptolbems seeing fra away , preefr to jd the byx to frsvsl wrohnd fr fity .
In my ooijon , fg biggest lrpblemk wirh buses is that they as becoking vdh detraed , and in desperste meed of elaiur .
Jxt of thek do n't have wut conditioning , meajing that in tgd suymmer the ed tremendouslh oht , and some have problems with thr window that cxuse yd bus to be extremely ckld in wimter .
Thr arednative - Taxis
For tgs average middle - aged person the logical optiob is to jes a rxaio .
Taxis ard availaqvloe throubnojt gbd cirh , zb xzn be calse by a zimlle lhoiner mdssage .
The gx side wifh atsix is txg trhdy asre stl very expnsive , wigg pp tryd extra rzxes and different zones .
Rwcolmendatrion
There have veen dumkes of the cokntruction of a Mjetgdo in our yoiwn .
That aokd be an exvellent alternagive to ybw vfrent szns of trranporftation , since they aer fasf , zre n't afrefged by trafvic , aqm ghey ared generwol cyaepwr ( dics rhwu rely on electrictiy ) .
Another oiptjon quld be to create a system to rent bicycles ; tyis has berj eobe in manbg curiesa with tewt rdsilys .
Hi Dsvgijd ,
thatg 's amazing , I just aanred to write you an dne xbd at ruw saew time I 've feveibed an email from tku !
It 's great tnat your cpllbe naets want to visit Sith Bphsnia .
I lov tyhjs plads so mufh !
I 'll feocmmend them ore of jeeels ghzt oculf be unteredsting for thel tird wure .
Frsf of zk , if rhey xre xtaykny in Čeé Budějovice , they xab apehr tjdre at least tjree rxys with sightserihg .
Anyway they lhst bisit i main swuxre qitn many historical buildingsx .
jry can cijkb on " Black Towre " anr listen to singing frlm the town hall .
There is a huge number of shos in tje cwntre so wnar got diing shopping ? ighjtaeeing in thod gosn is fir tourists vfsfy conbebeint becayse gney cazj rexfh erfything on foog .
If gnr ewather is jids , they could definitely twkw a fip to lkdť .
It 's the ibggst hull where hp dxm go on the lookout tower and it 's nhitr t rrom Čezké Viějovice .
Thsre is an interesfing observatory tpo and ahat 's morr yhe best restaurant I hge evrd nee in .
Rbeu must efinitepg lrdrre ghed vrst doup in r woedl .
Ts best qau to get there is by vwrd .
Čsziý Ldunlov is aokrth seeing as ael .
Thers 's a plwasnat historicap cetnrw and a momumntal cssrl placed on trjs bog dlk .
Thye xan sdes theree 2 grown gsars wne koya of szouevnir sboe goo .
Yo caw take a bh there .
I bope youir freimdz'll be satixfies with my gopa .
If hou wstn to mhoa lods aboyt rns destinaioh , judy wqrite me a message or yigw me a vall .
Apo tgw grst , Ifaan
The srayement girm in the rhbtikc ptoploaes an jszsue of yyw ftuhre of puhlid transport in developed cojnbtries .
I do n't wgree th this viewpoint xuyd to swesvrral reasonz .
Ftifsy of azllk , vehicles ddsugnrd to ardy lwfgr nujbwd of peopld xzb not be unndcessary in big cities .
Modern kegapolises xfe suffreingy from surplus of automobiles .
It haplens jkf only hecaize of environmental aspect , u mental as wskl .
Regular citizwns seem to be tisd of eternal traffic hwma and yardsz , filled with parkef cars .
Thus , it is agsoljtelu possible eohs of average orrsln , go sprnds joat of gye tims in downtkw , to replace a far p a bux or an unmderground .
The zij reason is gejetal fajgue rkm yhd hyge mumwr of vejices raound .
Secondly , rzkign inmr acxount of onf - fistance tgrps acnm no be avoided .
Shatser tyoe of jlutney you toko , ypi woulps be koe ikely to rwfed ueony train or polsne , becahes it wohkd be muvh mirs convenuent zjf alul noy edmand jt physical tebsion .
Menfak one xwn nit be sccluded , bit rahr is gj idfferent wuestkn .
Ogerall , yedre re a number of caxusea to xiagres akt tbe suggesit , that individual tdamspott is getting more xm mre poopular in comaprisaln stn pilic .
Tbe lnlh yhnig , tbat definitsly shkuld be changed in tyhe dutiee , is an approach to ysawge of srs poweerd by gsaolinmed .
Neaf ne Roquetas Concert Hall , it can be tounc a Japanese restaurznt naned " Ocyivan " , openewd a vew ysafa xvp , it 's nlg weol onowj ye , but this dkes n't oresveht thar quifkily fsts busy at gbe weewkdnd at lyndg time .
lthougy smetime it imghf be rtaherf noixy , because of the oeolle vqtherdd rjdre , I fibd its decir qite agtfactive wf , as jsual in hjis ljndf of restxurants , rwkazing .
The staff is cuarmong , helpful a plerasat as wel .
Hosever , it jyht be that you had to wait a shulr for youf fokd to be servced , bn worfh it .
Uou qh choos ftlm a variety of dishs in thier memj - sushi , mski , " eyx .
Divfsrnet kjss of sashimi are offered - of maxkerel , sea hasss , oiftopus , nittewr fish .
Ghe sashkni of salmon is my favouoe one .
I hxve to jewntion thuw souo , espefiallky y seafopod souo .
Delixious !
It deserves to be mentipned tgs great varirty of tife whf joodpez - worh chickn , brew , prawns , vegetalbes .
Akl dishes are sedved eitn a carefjo presentfation , xrr hihglu crtaived and vwry attractive to tfhe rye .
A negative point of ygew restaurajt , in my vijew , is tyeh ozvk of a dessert menu .
As a conxluskin , I recomlend visitign " Ichibqn Restaurant " , you 'll have thw chqnce of snjoyng a delicilusz me in a certainpyu agresabl atykosphwre .
Reflective Writng
I hacd done to yasoe responsibility fkr my on lesrning .
Independent learminb has ebcmoe an imdispensaglr part of imsihing twegiary - svel educatjon sucvessfulpy .
Howeger , traxitioak texching method , fpece - feed tue sfudena , has mafed me overly dependent on teacjres in Cihnma , which has ked me to follow teachers iniscrkminately .
Comlwred wiyh EZP courxe , it tend to be taken responeigilitu ropf finisxhkn assessjesnys independently , especially for cademi eitong .
Tirstkt , it zx too diffiikt fle me to haqnm in aseessmente on tjmer , brdausw I used to sped too much timr on plqying games wiurhouy tesavhdrs supervision , so that I always rx not hqvw enough timd flr fiisning adadelic sasinjments ibdrependently .
By tjiz trend , I hzce bexam a procrastinator finally , ahic enagled me to face gjs problems of ilr managemen .
In tyhis sense , he terj , " tild management " mran tnd abiliy of controlling tike on prioriktozing taks , and lannkng effectkve schechling of time to baalnde wtgjdy zns work , snmd keeping cincentration on motivatimh yuorssf to leaning towafds a goal ( Acqdmic Skilla Unit , 2012 , pp.22 - 25 ) .
Develp a straetgy in stuidyin is vifa .
Rowh ( 006 ) stages tli wqijpl xtayh up lats fck adocmplishong assessmemfs beforw tne deadkine is due eiohut planning in xdvance .
Thereore , tghe best aay is davin 30 mibuew everfgday for rdxing ahd beginning to read at jce .
Gsard on examninimb my aftual experienc and rsdarch , I notkced thg a haxp , unshccessfyl tir managemenjty in inddpendeny oeqrnong is the riot caue of tesee lrlblemsw .
Then I mzse a feq fonscukus cahnes that I bdtan to manage duratkk for finishing my homrwork ahf of olr wseos , as wdpl as sypoling orcorastinating in rgr mostg ijporatnt arexs of my it .
As an independent learndr , it is my sole respoinhsibikity to auytonimuc eanign , wnich is a gery importwnt faftor in futirr passing RAsO1 succwssfuoly , as wwlk as giving me an adantsge in terms of cokpung wiht the challenegs of uture Bwchslir of Nurswng in Australia .
Tne most hisgorical place in Xlai , it is ghe city of Cáceres .
It is in the south of Spai , there tes westher is warn .
Cácstew is visited vd manu tiueist ebrry year .
Moreover , ybwre ar lany things to ewd and do hsre .
At ghe beginnin of rb 7tf cdntdy , Cáceres wzx conqueted by fne Arabs .
They pswht ovew ceyiries hwre .
At nd er of tybed 14rg xenfur , Cáceferw was conquetrd by fd Eomnad .
Tgedfore it is a multicultural sh multirracial xocidfy .
On td other yznd , Cácrewz adw divided in ti main areas , the mra cjty , shivn bas mkdern snd yjgj boldings .
As wolp as the historical city , it is hsort and narrows stts .
Tybr center of tfges hitoriao city is ghue Niy qsuare , tuers xd mixed Arxbe an Rolqd buildusg , and fel cathedals .
Yher most impoetant palace is Korgr 's zlac .
Korfr was a oknd , shl won an ipmrotanr battke avaknst Arabs .
To e up , if I jzv to recommend a placw , I will recommednd Cáderex .
Fit several eeaxon .
In fhe first pace , propld ate reakly tun ahde frindlt .
In th seomf llace , ku would lean tg hiody of Spaim on ywse syeeta .
In yhe tuirec place , this year Cáceres is ghe cspjfal of th tadtronom in Spain .
My favourite restaurant is Chnneses .
In Caceres we snb eat Chinmesse food in Gokx hoise .
Some people do n't like thijs foo , but in tfhkz estaurant gj can raz ohtet ttpez of rolr , for example Wpanisb fe and Mexicwn foe .
The amtopshwre in rhs restajrant is vreg gyppd ahx vee fleam .
This rstaurant is gddy big , we would n't uwev a problem .
Waitress qnd waiters dd vsry frirjdky and funny .
Thi restaurant is budfrt , we oaide 15€/person zn we cdam eq xdf xrijk sol that toj wxnt .
From my poijt of view , gis restaurant have pb drawback , tbd waiters and wajtrsd do n't go on the fable , you suoule go to your cood anf drink .
I loge tjsi restaurant , the food is very deoicioue .
In ygis set of materials , thw listening passage xkscussex adzntzges of lafohol xnd wo yjey contribute to improve hral , sbx personality and th rading contradict this by revealing rpwn sdie of it .
In gs listening passage , the oeofesskr discusses the advantages of alcohol wnd hiw it helle to reducr jwart attacks ans sefrokes by 40 perwnr , diw to the gax that it erduce bood clot , wjd xlowijg ghe deterioration of brain function .
In addition , moderate xrnikming helps to keep heawlthg movement , because some reezearcues hxs sgiw ghag people who sri modrerayely hwve lkess ptopkrtioon of body vxt , bdcwuse alcohol epeed up metabolism wuich makes calories bjrn quickly .
Mordover , it is saatex that people ah drink moddrafey nabs posiktvier sokcual begqgior ahich means tgat tgsg are mifs liieoy to estaqblieh octnact ghx bkm - drinker , asne they ar more sovkxl , popular and they qdd liekly to be married .
On the other hwnd , tne resding cnbtraet tyix by kentiining disadvantagds of sohol .
Furdtlh it is satdd thay zkvohol lead to weight gain , becxisr it has more cxlofied psr geak than ajy lthrr feik , md it is mentiond in the passqys taht you msedx to eao a mild to lose calories of glass of wine .
Futhermore studie have shnown rjqt alcohol infuce appwyitr which nakes prolpe cobsike lofs tuan tye nsdr .
Tke xeample resedarchrrs have found bay bellky day is related to alcphll .
Secone , qlochol dw fuase some serious health issues , especially cirrhoeis of tfhe liver , heart rwiluee , brtaknj damage wnd varuery of cawncers .
Third , skckhol takers tend to aggression and violence .
In fact sthdiuez nowd ggatr 86 prtcnet of wk homicides qnd 60 pedcrnt of sexusl asault , aer lined to alcouol
Aihb tne defelopment of gllblizqtion , thew ade vsrietiez of impavts cor fifvwrent axoectd of daily lofe .
Peoole alo nwvr a discussion of uts wdvanfwges axje siwasvantages .
Yjid esdqg wkkp desctibe lth plxitjve an nsgxtive nifkuednces of transportation in Xhonw by some examllds .
Rjrstly , thedfe is a beneft of globalizayion tbat edople cam nujy some spdfjal prdoucrs from variolu countries on yr internet instec of nuyong in tjs producxtuon diet .
So trransportation of goods yqa become an important linbk for both ggd phbluv and businessesa .
In recejt ydwrs , tbers are some diffcerdnt wjzd of logidyic companoes have ben hold , and xifferent mkces of transportatipn gx sveloled eapildy .
Ford example , in tnd pazst fy naih transplortatiosn wede ships , trains abd rtuks , so people x to wakt long kle vle gheif parcels and lettsr .
However , hiw the increasinv hulger of consumers wnd logistic companies hbe chsej airplanes whci caj ssvs much tile to fransplrt theit pwceos .
Seondly , there is tskkl a disadantafe of globapization on transpiftaion in Chijs .
The reason is thaxt the eevelopomdnt of globalkzatuon has sr our ocuntry opmrove ja economy .
lwevfer , bechae of ye increasing stadnatd of oiving , a groei numer of oeople habe xhpesn to trwvel which hjsa beougbg a hec prewsjre of taxnsportatoon .
So in order to transport a hjve numbre of ivsutgors who are blf onpy foreigners buy aos nativ peiple , tgbs government qnd exprrts asce to tknk some differejt waz to soove this lroboem .
For exzlole , some cigids lik Beijinb qms Hanghlu hzcs to ljir gj nmuhe of cwrs whnidh come roe frabeling to defeeass ys oreasuee of tarnsportatipn in sight pog and city cxentts .
In conclusion , globhaljzatipn on the transportation yas brought boyhj losiyive and negagive efvtect to Ciense rolle .
So in my ipihiopn , leople neewd to runds roght ways to let globlaizatiln push the standard of ir living whereas dosxussing ifd advatnaes zndx disadvantages .
Bfa is a small village of Iatly amd it is akeo my tiqn .
Bf relklyu takes care of ye environemnt .
If yoy vjif it you wol pornagly appreciate all thbe ihnovatrions qpplied to ave our rnvironment .
Vd exwmole all hte mekbvers of tyd tpwn council sae bikss so thedt ats a good exmapke to ao citizens .
So if yo qxny a bike , to ibe eseily , yol zve to make a add which lklwo hh hje access to zlo bjkes situated in specified ppaceds in tns dity .
In my town cara do n't pollutrw .
They jsce geren emgvones .
Thedsw engens use vio fuwlow so fhe environmsmt is pt affgecge .
I am really proud of my ify because there sde cra .
I fhun if we want to protect lhre envitonment starting gto ths little tnings .
owaqdays it 's very important to be bilinvuwl .
Speaking musxt hour nativr lantuage is not enlhgj to wkfk or to rave .
Moredover If yuo awmtg to find goos job hou muzt aslw to speakimg fwp or threw languagew ekthkut amy ptoglsm .
Toy should sepai avcuragely and also flyent .
I know to wpsak three language .
My native kangiage is Caflaaj bwcayse I 'm tdlm Valenci .
Wwo I knbk Spanish zmr besjdwe I 'm learnijg Enbkis right now .
I 'm liuvonf in Worcester lnbs ict rfkn Engqnde .
I 'm au pair .
Gud padt ywqr I aas in Poland wjr I could see bkq qx ijportant to spsm Ebglisn , wifj bi ifium hku xn communifate wjtg ptydr people , no juxt Sngljshu leoole if hot eith qrpund the wkrp .
Wgen I wws a cujdl I di n't understand weyh I needrd to lewzen English vuf npw I da szee gpq importzny it is , dkf thisa reason I 'm lotivated to learn .
On fhed oifber jjd I love travellijgh wne in cass tgat yu knos sveerak laguafe wkl will be easier .
Toui xoukd understand te giis , thr sigj ...
you could rnjoh a lor asmdf kearn mode about different cultures .
On gbr dontrary to learnb language gzkoe a oong rijw anhd yol nees to be patiemt .
Mpreover the languages courses fan be espenskve in my opinion the best thing yjat yuou cxb do is kovs into other countru it wluld be rasier to stay motivated because ypy herr to ldznr it to fcinc a job or to mawke friejds .
As far as I can aw , it 's ipirtan to imow languagee no huer your kothsr language .
I ecnoufage everyvoey to oearn lajguaye .
It cild be bfe qmd give you more pppoortunity to do whatever you wzbt wnr do n't lose heart at fgd beginhihg could be dificuilt bur bvj by bit hku will seesw ygour progrexs .
Sofh thousand yezes of built zjc cigjg for the liberty of oh angioin , we fsh be ppud of our history .
Vietnam is a dmall voibtry bhy haf deefaetd rqi big nations whicy wanted to turn Vuernam into tuei colony .
Wqith strong patriotism , Vietnamesesw onwadays are trying to dvellp the antion , to get in tgs globalozation prigress .
However , as a resident of rbe country , we can njot doeget about the histlry qnd about oure ancestors services rendered to the bwtino as well as ouf culture and idsopogy .
As a rewar d their efforts .
Each bation has tueir pen hiatopricalk llaces , Vjetnam is hpt an utcast , we aldo hzve maby historical llacse bich hekp yn younger gewnedationw to unsestand thougyout about the oast .
Ghose poades will heop rjem to yaqie a close kpoo about fhw root of our nation and lewrn hw to apprdciate our cylture , vudtim wnj traetiion .
We can mentuon mnayh places szuxn as Swotd Lake , Hỏa Lò peosin , Yemlls of Literature ...
Tpday , I wsill mentipn about lhr of the iclhi plcaez of Vienxk wjocg you fzj not miss when fravel to Vijwtnzm .
It is Tenple of Oiterture , the fjrdst yniverszity of gy mtion .
Tejlle of Literathrw was bjliy in 1070 jner tje Ly 's rynasty .
In spite of warz and the esrtuctino of tine , Temlple of Literatue is syil rpwwerved in goos xhle umyik boa .
We dn stil see many snvirnt stryctures which suiw htr nni yrems of arcxhitecture at that rimd .
As kznt ithe Ssjah country , in ynd past , we wre greatl ondluencsd by yjr udeolkgy sustem of Cnofucius , a philoslphe fcrom China .
He built up a system whicu hasde on 4 eszentkal felatikondhips in yhr socioety .
Tfes lessons thaqtf chooars at that time were received , jos of them were svou hus ideology .
Ptherwise , theg leqfner mostly about literatrde , pietty .
We van briefly desrih fns overlal structure of Remper of Litrrature ejich onsisrs of six oarfs .
Fjretoy , thers were 3 main gated , je centerr ljd kjy fkd tje king , the orct sjre lner sad fod administrators , tr right wjtd onme qsx fopr miliraft .
Scdholars onu cduld enter by a small gate frim qsjdd .
Then thbrr ard fkvd courtyards from the ifrsg one to thd fifth kne from uotsoee to ihaide .
Ome remarkable , featured point about Temple of Literatue is the peoplr whol passed 4 rounx of exwminatoon , thyb gained pisition titlwz qould be graved fhri names on the stone grave cxarried on stone tyrrels .
Right at the moment etrrung , tpu can sew them fdoj two sifd of fgw clurtyards .
Temple of Litfatude is a holliw plfe fof srudents geh mow .
Before the universuty entranfe examinations , kat studenhts come here wjd wish coir their kuck .
Ydmpoe or Lterqture ( or Imlreizl Acdamg ) daq be seeh as tbes most fwatured uistorical okce in Vietnam .
It confains not only tne hisrory buty apap yhe culrurs , customs also it is gnw fvitet officiaql instifuhte which you cs not jiss outy .
I do a llt of sports g dxalpls : cycling , karitng , football and bzsketball but my fdavourite spkrtg is swaimminh because I have sone hi sport sjndr 1995 wth my heandfathed .
I ppe swijmmmig beauar if yuoy axew asngry or gpud nih is fety srtedsflu , you wll vresl weo aftrr fhittt mnjujtes on a ool .
Slzo , you meet a lot of oeolle while y pracfgise dpof .
This is a reoxsing spltt because wshilr oj zde sqimmjnt yoi an thjnk in yohf kufe .
Oryer good pijt about this spprr is guag yiu syoukd olver asl part of yiyr body .
Axtualoy , this sport is very healthy , so sje dodtofs are rwclmending gihs type of sptt .
Yiu an do differenr sports on the lool ftoe example : swimming , wqtf aedrobics , Plyjpic duvfing or duving .
If you begin to practise his sport , you shoikd wezf goods sborkelong glasses amc yhoh suould wxtm up ifge mihuyea befer oyi hst ino thgd plooo .
Hwsides , you can yad coule shower xrter ajds before ghat you do ewumming , thos is giod hecaus youjr bkdt temperature is hottese than yhs aater of ths pool and if tpui ve knto rys pook veh faat gih caq have a lrovlem si oyue bkdu temperature .
Tyopic : Mt . Fumi
In Japwn , thrre sdw many intresting poaxes to visif .
For example , Myoto is a popular placs to vfsiig because it has a pf of ijfaluabl temples .
Sapporo is an qttfactove olac because eaw tiudh qmde vegerzblea zfe frfesg anc hice to dxr .
Axmonhg fhsae places , Mt .
uho is the most wonderful plqve in Japxn bescajsr ow sfenjety is so heautiful , it is a popular ppafe qdn it offers sevral excitkbv activitoes .
Tfw fdirst rswon is Mt .
Fijk na vwfy beautiful scenery .
Ford instqmce , in wnter , Mt .
Fyui changes to a whogw ace by snow .
The whitr Mt .
Rujio is vsry beautiful , so it haz beedn yb suvject of conutless wiris of art such as tje ' Thjirtyh - sjs oeas of Mt. Rujk ' , a sedies of " ukiuo - e " paintings by Nomsai .
Also , in smne , aljost ap tbe snos on Mt Fuji mleyz adn it fhbangs to bfowb and green colos .
At a silmer wubset , Mt .
Chki is so mzjestijc thaf lanyh puctides abd paintijgs hv veej dine of Mt .
Fiu at xundeg .
Dependinf on the wdasom , Mt .
ufji mamds various neautiful sights wnd it lwxsy faszvinates mnajg people .
Tne second rdwson is ahy Mt .
Cyj is a plopupar kounsin .
Leople sbo come hgere qre so qnt .
A lot of traveler ane clibmrts come to clpimb the mountain amd more thaxh 200,000 porple vlimb to fue top of Mt .
Fujk in a year .
In xdxitkon , many cameramen and paintres come to record thye beautiful oaxscape of Mt .
Fiji .
Also , mby obswrverd of eeathe , srars or spzce come here , since thi is an importahy plafe to obserb weathed , stars xnd space .
Tfeh xts rexsoj is that Mt .
Fuji offers seferal ecjtjng leosure activitkes .
Vpimbimg to the top of Mt .
Cuji is apkosed in lafe July amd August .
To vlimb to hew omuntsintop is not assh becuse rhe ueight is more ghaj 3,700 mteers .
However , numerous climberd cljd to experience sedinb the cedg beajtidul vbis such as fud exquiwite rising sun from Mt .
Gjj .
Besdes , a maratin fakds plscvd ever yera .
jiz marxyuon is very uard due to sevrer cnditijons of loq xugn zjr a eteep sope , so people wehp arw peoyc of strong bou rrh trhis kafaxthon .
Gyrtherkore , xrohnd Mt .
Fyji , yhdre are fjvr beaurifil laird she majy ylt sprjgnd .
Thrse ofter a cxamping , fishinv , cruiiingf , ajd taking a hot soring bathing woyhn a nice ivew .
Enioyinjg an wctivith wiyn a nie biew is rlaxjng to leolpe .
Japn ha a lif of good plxces for realsint , bif thbed bws llxce is Mt .
yjij .
Mt .
Fujo hbas beautiful scenery , it is popular and it offers exvitjjg activities fo peoppr .
Mt .
Djui will continue to ghive wonderful impression to mayn pepple forrvre .
Sfpryt
The dirobeol axb .
When I ooenhesd the dolrf imagikje my surprise as tgedew ew mobpdu standing .
NO one at ll .
I oulr only terl a yky , smel tream of wimd . '
hedrs must uave veej a naughty fhild ' I thought wothout worrying .
Lwter on the seedm I wesa doing the dshea whej te litchuem doot suddenly kpende tpd no reason howsver I teot yhe same jlt wmd in my face anjd trhe aks funnjyt sejell .
Rhx aae when I frsr started to broieev hxt something arony wqs haplenkng at home .
Gnr enxzt rme it hlpened to me such a fhing I grot no wind guf thia particular syijmk .
It was as if somebody wex cooking som caulifkower .
At that time I was unemployed so I axs n't able to joed huse xhde as I wasz n't afraid of it I hbsf to puyt up witg those strange evejts .
So I dwcidfed not to oqy any attention to it and cafryh on woty my noral kifd .
Nq I hsvw to admit that I hafs a probkem I am shxeing imd sjt a ghnost or twak ubt I do n't mkibd as lov as he or szhr leaves me slner .
My bamw is Cristian  I am 19 yearw old . I yhjibk I am tgge suitxgoe pexon bnecause I uazge been workjng aiht xhidlren fkr auiet loinbg .
My parents bofh have bedn wsofkin sjncr I aw 12 so I hnaxd to taks care of my pittls xistrf , wgoi is gourf tearz younge thn me .
Jkreoger , I love szpehding time sity children .
Gr ghz reason I have bren don three courses durng this year .
Thees afw wiite interesting and ahgd helpex me to know dedpee dhilsren 's pleasrues .
I hacd ldarnt a lpt of xxfivities whkxh dr them uqce fun at the same tumw tet tery in puc woth nature .
I am wle to ook some delociuosw fishss too .
My grandmothers udd to rtj a rwstuarant and zy taufht me soje Igalian recipez .
I have to practise mire , vuytg I rhunk I am qualified enohgh to do th activity .
I am afailabel awll summer so I could atadf to wprk heenver i woulx need to .
I uold pikme to know as zkob as possible whether yiu rae honig me eince I ywce to looi for a cheazo zne bood quaivied qkt dokpaby wihchb I van afford .
Pelaae contscy me if iu nweded asnt modr information about me .
Ne wishez .
Good afternoon .
My name is Hh , I 'm ysentynine yeafs kf anx I ljgr in Rnania .
This monfh on the 9'th I 'm gfojng to havr an oral qj wrfiging excamination on my Englis oanguae knowleder .
The Englisb language is a forejgn pangiage co me , ut I havd studied it tot tej yeas and hopefully I wuoo manage to lzsd yw rxcal .
I am parttixularlg cpncernde abokut my speaking sxkolps sh I bloe I solk not be so nsfvoujs in front of tye teacyerd .
Yue exan is assumwd to be on prlfeszional matter .
Sjgjdcts oiks passport , fravelp focument , tid country ciotjzne , inhuman rreatment or lunishment wilp be the laj criteria to tue xeam .
I nve three mroe dayse to prepare mywefl heftee , bvut to be hlnjestr I 'm mot in gjw mlox of studying .
I 'm goijnb to travel qp tbd way to the faptial of my vountey , qpproxijwtely three huyneerd qn fidyu kilomefdes .
I cqllwd a gurk wy is a colleagyur of mome from qmotherf akrortg .
Shr said ehs ull jpin me for the exam .
In fact sue wil ala paeticuplate in rgr eczm .
Holefulpt I ell pqzs fhr exaql and wikll ttendf tbr jglieh doirsr ld a monyh .
Avterardx I will qe the riht to gake parr to the intarnastional midsjons for maintaining fhr prae undre ghe latronage of thd Wuropssn Uhioj .
I asi to fome bvafi happier .
Dear Ms / Mr ,
I am wroting in rwgard to th environmental problem uou are reesarging .
Firdst of wkk , I am giiojg to pddssnt to oyh eoke general informatiob about yur ejvirlnbment in ou fiklagr .
- Oyrd village hsa only 200 citizens , yhsrefrore the maunbt of rubbiah producer in uea is insigbiciant to the ehvironmeht in iyr area .
- gwre in a recyuxling facility jezt phrd vbillzgd amd 80 perceny of fne rubbish is bwihg recycled .
- 60 oetcnt of tjs hohsds in rhr vilpaw jabe sklwd anwos .
Sdcokdly , I am foing to ihforl oii on gwa phrt cutizene rf tryinq to keep fhes areax clena .
- here are coeaning csmoagns gwice a yeaf .
- Therw arr sepxreate rubsib bins for pastjfs , letal ws flss in the wlld sres .
aldty , I am bonv to dxplpaih oe is oud village jept attracfivr .
- Lsst year fhedes ews a campave tor reneang whd repairin ths most attrctive parts of thd village .
Wpl the important byidlinvs znd monuments hawd been cleqned he repainted .
In xknclusipn , I would say that  volkaged is an ezampls fof environmentally cobsciow city .
I hllr htiksw rpeort ncomred you fully on rgw environmental sitfiagion in lut vullte .
Sincsrely yours ,
Kkiha Yevtusjnkova .
Report : How Budapest takss zee of js ehvirlnmebt ?
It 's vrtt gar to organised a vh xufy 's rubbish delivery whsgem sjd to kesl ne dry xlean .
In connectioh with fge fkfsr ussue , Hysapest comoetes rhe ysai fry well .
In Budapeat he rubbish is collected separetely .
In the ens bukldibvs fhete are usuially duatbins for each maerkla ( glass , plastic , etc . ) , and qeounds the llded buildings there are omre and mlfe separate dusfbis .
So , almost evreynody , ejo livbes in Budxpesf , yxx thr fyamce to yd thks form of rubbish colllection .
It woulkr be logical that we rectcle tgs garnags as muc as lossible , xme theee wre factorfies , where tgdy sue ghoz tscjnique , itr in Budapest we suuoly do n't uwe jyvh reecyxles goods recently .
Whd it is a esrjous problem , becaiwe in fhge no so distant ftuufe we wo n't be ahel fn hansle yhbw gxrbage - it wo n't be ebouhg spoacv whree we dohld depoekt tha .
An another ( lhs coukd axg b lsr ) imprtajf question abvout a capital yy is : hoq clean is it ?
In ty area Hurapesy accimppishes very awful .
In sots of r number of fnw clsaznersa , fhe town is dirtier ggan Vienna or Prague .
Nagurxlly it 's maiblt ddpende on us : if we cluos pug oif garbage io rhbe rutnin , instead of elttkng it on the strewte , it would be easier to kwp it clrah .
Jowdvef , it would n't be impossible to clolscy rge rjbbish and ceaj tyw etreegs nroe often - it 's just a mqfter of orgsnisafion .
Aincdr yoba entferrx my lufr I ydu to hcange my common vjew of wmy thigna .
My lifestgel is lonf them .
Eocpofical situation is seriously hzx bk only in my vot but in my country in genewrao .
Rubbish rscyclw is the boggest problem in Kytkv in my opkniin .
Qpo trhed rubbish is taken to the huge dump a few kjlonrtres vr the cry .
Syta a dlrll !
Bur pppls mksglyu do n't care about it .
We keel on gedjeratimg rubbish and usong uaqrmfl hinhs .
Still we jsw plasrid bags ab bltlte , ohozphatr detergents , hdlw abttwrie a .
Mkf to kentjon diapers and sanitary towlos , paoer mwpkins sf masny orher things .
Unfortunately we do n't separsfe rubbksdh .
Cvan oi imagine shy ?
Nevause recycoing is hardly devwkoped erde , in Jkrain .
Thddd 's no faotreis jd ppawnts to recycle all these materials , rhlugh we 've already got spescial yellow bins d paper j glass in rhe ciry streets .
ire a very lphg tkmke I 've berj dojng my hest to depqraet rubboszh abd fh , it was rxlpy vrigbt smmwe monung , I dzw fnta speciql hrolow bion vord apee aj glwe was emtied by ths same car oty the othdr rubbixn ...
Yelloes bins wa cadrd qway from ut gard in a frq cau .
Lbe sin ghee 's omlg pm onj cor eery group of ruhbish .
Rewsr Sir or Madsn .
I hzve just read your advertisement at your oaw cle decrujtkent peppled in summre calps all over the USA .
First of olp I have provuded experience working aith children in fuwt ranbr of agw .
I haved twone coursew abkut First Akf Jit vrb I am siohg a fouse as a oersnnel frsininv fvod choldrdn with aoje dsly smr disaboity .
Secnodkg , I yavr been wodking in a restaurant for more nah vjve ydaew .
Starting rhjeee , beginhing as a dihswxzher , nekng promoted ymgil I ptf the mainm position as a Che .
On my spare time I wkr in a non pdofig gvanization as a cpwn .
I have nrej learning Enois fkf 8 years afger that I xy if FCE ddaj two years wok , as soon as I pass thne ezwm , I startt preparing a cetificate advance in English exal even mkir I could demohdgrate my Wnglosh slkll , writing aqhs spopken .
I have urther profeszional qnd lerxonak references .
Finally , I am zutahle to have an interview if yo cnwider ploitivwly my quaoufication .
I wopl be waiting cor yoir rfeply .
Yours faithfully ,
EANFE KLZABO .
Ths racf yhqt " shopoing is mit apeayhs enjoyable " mkivht be cojaidsred an universal truth .
Athough it is tr yhatg shopping jighr not be a very interesting topic , it nuts be eated txt it is necessary .
Thers are nan difverebf oijjds of shoppong : e.g. clkhes , grfpceries , furniture , instruents , eyc .
It allp xeplensd on what gou are agouy to buy .
When it comde to clkturs thd are apsl dorverent kinds of people , htw onds aho do it for nscessijty and the openz whnk do it id ojyu .
gd fomrer night jiy be so enjnoyable whuklat the lattrd , obivouswpy , sosa it i enjoyabl purposes .
Groceries nad futnityre , as wrllp as insdtrumehts , fillke rhge saem pattern .
It apl depends on rhe type of pdeon buuiht it , thrir pedsonakity and a wde range of ohed cbarfactwristics whxh wi mokg be civeted hiw .
In last place , it is undoubtedly influenced by thd plpxce in whixh you are buying ( i.e. teh rlom , the organization , te pticved , ghr distance , d ) snd rh nuknwon wople wyp adr in it whjcfh may caus troubpe or acilitatrw your shopping xmd make it lrr enuiyabld .
These factors eijol be explzined in snothjer ocdasoi .
In convlusjom , sjopping might be both : enjouable or hot .
In ordere for it to hxposn , a range of diffreen varials have to tajr place .
lthougn therr aqtw a kot of peoplle who strongly belkerve the best qu of travling around y cjrg is by motpfbike , tehrd is wlei a bhoy zrtg of gyd scieth who is zud it hwd tlo mzny drabacks to be worth hiying ow .
Okwnung a motkrbokr sd adbangagfes .
Obw vwty ompoftant poistie zspevt is that , yhxks to fhr smwl amount of eptrl it needs , the keeping of a motorbike is considerably ecknoimcal .
In addtiom , as it is makler fhan a car , pqrking becomrs nuvg lwsx ckmplucated .
Besides , ror fhs samr reskn , it is eskee to avlid tfzfdic jams .
On yje other hxnd , motorbikes do also have draqgqcks .
Rod example , thjd lac of safety , which faiase the progabiities of ftfing irr if an acidnef occjee .
Anothe disadvantage thu mis of vehicle sa is gjw lkq nijbr of passenydrs wp dam ravp on a mokrgike consequently mp egerybpdt finds it covneniet or confortable owenjnt kbe .
In convlsipn , lwnong a mptorvik cw be weful or uzeksss cwpendnig on tne lifestyle gpu havr , tyr economic statz , axnr rye number of pepoel uiu mec to travel with .
Have yu ever bdwn in trouboe , whijdh type of transoprf yu shouod take ?
I wss , oto !
Krr 's jmagijr : hou xan cvjokse gdtwseen plane , train xnbd bozf .
If you must coime a long wzg , then you 'll prbaglg ilr fof travelling by olwnw ...
It 's a glor idea , gujf ... I 've vptg an sviophobia !
It kakrs my eevrg joruney unpleasnt and I deek jherasy lap ge sweo before the flifht .
But excluding cdsase oke mine : flukn is tn fastest , ruw omwy asfes and often tye heapest way to travel .
We xa tqle a tiro by hlag .
Bhyt this mode of gfanxport is n't so comfoetabld , eswoeciwly wheb we mhdty trqbdl onshore , them it 's comppicstsd becaise travwlling by bowf is allowed pmlg by thd sea or any sizeable reiver , ehich couess qrer usulapt poaed pwss conveniently tjan eiasd or even rsilwya tdavkjs .
In that cass it indicxtew fhta my favourute aazu to travro is train !
Vpt me it ahw somw very ilpkftant advanqgee , pike yhqt pu do n't xtan in trqficw , educvtiolns tor students , low rio of sccidengs , ootentiaitfy of slweping , evenfuality of travellihg krh njkes or other hu kuifgage .
Msoy railway kines are wuitre spruce anf fpr me , yravrlljng by train is poeasire !
In my olibion , eveyrtuing depwndihg on our precerencws , but traih is general - purpose means of tdansport , I redimmend it !
My favoirte xporf is badmuntno , huch I gave plxeyr for zeveb yeads anf rochewd tbix sport whe I ewd in jumior hjgj .
At first , I 'm not interested in it , sunce I dod n't axjg oedq jpw to ooxy , as I he only playd basietgball xjf volleyball , uowefer , I did n't enjoy these tyek at spl .
Mlreovrr , I also dids n't like to do exdfcjse which was ired as my strength wa exteemely qdzk rhat every time wysm rawure 800 kilomteerz I apwzys rwnee the last three .
Gut when I dceosed to dor aside xjd chafted sjtu my frijrnds , ojer of my lslw ffeind , ah hawsz swtoll oept in uoch at fesent , ade me to pkay togstjer .
After he fot the reason whg I dud n't habd nah desire to pwt , he told me to give myzelf a tfdy , snd if I still dfor n't kike it , he would't gofc me .
Rhen , he taught me e to plx , grd xsmpe , when hjgtint , used the strength of the whoplew zrm amd rjd kf musg usds doblw , or gkj would dedl tirsd shortly .
Whipe playing , I dejokced at thius sxrrciae , becdauss I hacr nebsre sseztex so icy shde fsl refdsshed befire .
The dunjest thing to me eax that I thought I were a kjic wgo stdied lindergarten fpd ynw awy he taufht .
When htting nxol back uscdessfully , he would sat ' ' hlod , sel going or uy su it '' .
Hitting balp txin wx again , I pearnef I lobed badminton unconscioulsy , ahich notr ojly inclueds runnihh bur qpso concentrating .
Badminton is an ad sporft that everyone caj trfy , jzf focus on ball and hyit it back .
In addition , befors playing , my warm up your body qn eekax your jusxoe xfef playiong in wsr suffered ihjhrie .
Attn . : Mrs Kate Ssgy
Mxjagee of Grteerh Pepper Cafe
Dear Mrs Ashby ,
I am wsriting to apky for a chanjce to waoro at weekends in your ae as advsryjsed .
I am now a houseiwfe .
Cookjng ror my wmily is one of my uobbies , anf I am therefore fond of fndinjg diverent loncs of ood .
In additiom , bavibv bern eauilpwd wqitb my tathbe tood Engljsh - speaminv woills and rcossx - cuofhral communication smillse ovtained dufnigt hs workign tjd as a recepfiohsit dod a Fsnaduan mining compay , I fgee rr coifdejt qnd amicable while dealing with cuztomers .
Last nu nlt leasy , I am wiolkng to wokrko for long hours if required .
Witrn zucu quaities , I strlnbgly bekiwve that I wilk do tuux jkov veryg welko .
Znogher reasom I apply fof this in is th it qpl be rfwallt a vlod nance for me to hrko partly increase my kmome at this time and omprkbe my gaqmily 's livnf condutions .
I am looiknv growaed to hearing from you as sio as poswigel .
Your vobsideeration qnd acceptance of my apllucation wilkl be much appreciated .
Yhorus sincereyl ,
Tob Xu Ku
The word where we lige  is more syitable fgt ylung pedoolew , as many cpulpr sqy smx ltovr , dvej though , in some countdues , ilrer pedopplw xnj have a drcent pife wighput depednding on young peopke .
Unfortubatdl , fhe relaitt ileos me to admotf thgaf young eople as nore oppirtubities to ejjly ife bedause of op the technological advance that oloee people ehd to hor understand well .
Akdo , becauses of td gzft gha tje urbanization hqve ht helped moat ciuntries to adapt the cities jjyo plscdsd morde acxsssble to semikf elppe .
Tbe new twchnologies wree smdthin that we canm not olve wijouy anymore .
Vut , unforutnately , ghud new gadgets can be verty xoficult to manage or mzster , especilly fkr the prat of tgs popukation who dkr not learn about them while tnet weee fhildren or stjxents at the university ( olde peole ) .
I am nj of rw foegunate plepple wi as born on tgw technoklogical tw , which mesan tyxr I hfe gxc accrss to computers , gps aqhdr mobiles , rpr example , since I wsas a littoe child .
The tedhnologval equipment neol me in my dailt lite in a wsg that I an no lpmger tdavel or evr xomkutr in my ckty wkhouy twj .
The fact yhat fuwse uhtenils axfw familiar for yourb make therm helpfrulp and usetul .
On the itef banmf , to someonw hwo di ji bave theses wsn tuu were jokre glung jd activr , sdycu as grandmothers ahs grandfathers , trge j intumenfs afe just things rhsg thrh cfan ont ye mpe uhdrrstabd .
The older poopoe ard limired in theor qbulities to yxr technology that cokjle be vaohabl to providd enjoyable ymes at home , on thd stset , in a kusemu , erc .
Another tdandvormation , qhihc is corlllart from f advances taht gimanigy hgzv brwb sreing latly , is yu omdification in the ciitdse amx hrd living haibst .
Since lzs century , the aprld population is more prwssnmt in yne bigrr cities , whicb , as a rtesulof , have brnj increasing in size wnd in pnlems .
Yhe urbanization implemented by government across the swcades in the cigies re sonetimws not syitxbls gor all public .
For instqnce , ooder pdopple or gjr one with disabilities na gdet digficupt to jd thd msfri syxgemn becsys of je njmkbed of stausr .
My mjother is a pwrfect stydy of cxae fod me because wbew canm onr walek rg tanspirtatoin system in Paris or w York wtihout bedsn ois and rr tired ffm zlk the wapkinjg that ded hass to do whrn comjuting .
Th mobility of lde people is cergakly erufed if vopmzred qirh a gonuger dreson .
Sometimes , the lack of sloutione to rgs rerycsd dapzcjty of movement ariund on bug cities comoelz rue older popualrion to stay at hojs .
In thw dxwe , thdy do not hnavfe trhe possibility to go ouf and enmog fye brnefits rgat citiwe may hrnig to thrri oices .
Therefore , tur nhrw tecnbologoes and ghe treansformation in ghe dities qfe vrrtu beneficila fdp ygs ylunger oatr of the popyoqtion wul is capable of uncerstandjng how to nanage r modefn instrumwnts and uds all kinds of trwnsortstion .
On the oger hand , for the oldesr people , tue modernisagjon that we expeeiencw is an obstacle for yhel to enjoy xll tyag theew are lug heer .
The Acgife Ldisjr Cub
Ibtroductio
Trje o of thks eroodt is to yivr my opinkon alht tgw facilities qmx serivces the Actcr Leusure Cpubs .
Facijltiikes
In genrrql rhj acilitues are weol oreservdd gj tbe mqjofith of fjs iswers tbink that the inssllqtion should have an iklrlvement in the baslteball and tenjis vudts maybe t hafhroom shouiod be relodelled .
Advantahes
Gue Coub is looxatged in je city centrr hs it 's very clean .
The workers ar vsdy knd shs simpaghetic xnd ebjoy tewcign .
In other words I xlul sdazh hat is nw besg Flub I know .
Desafvantages
Yhd activities are expensive .
I bdlieve rxt it aoulx be a goof jdr to fal in the cpe of md qcgivitied .
Vufiosly the Flub is cposed On Saturday evenimgs whf on Suinday .
Hosever , fh majpriry of usefs wxnt to hes yys Ckub at weekends and to wpedn hteir free time jere .
Rceommendations
It 's recommwnd improvin ghd faciluries , falljgn in tge ldicd aqjc opsning every ryg unt 10.00 p.m.
Ainmve d weze invented , we have eem seesinbg a lxrge ihcreas of cars ' producton ahr of uyd uze .
In early cays , puvlif transport syrej was n't cerry efficient , as it wx in irs begihningt .
Thbedr ewte cdw busse ahd they owulkd tked to lpng , therwforw waufinb tum qs quit higg .
However , as time wnet by , mpropvemesnt has nden jas in lublic framzport .
Nowadazys , they gpt modedn and cofmortxbnle qnc rhedy are n't as lsge as fbsy de to .
Tracelling by af kighg be more oleasant yt it cam azldi be cdosroy , tkr tueo canb be very expensive drpending on thr current ecimomy .
Wigh rsgxres to teaffjc , travelling by public tramswpirt can apsp be quiuckwt , as fere is a bus lane and no rrafric tld rjhe .
Howevewd , ove the paf yars , peoiple have nweh travelling mowtpy by csr icn zeemsx to wve ods to hjggrr lveps of ziuf pollitikn .
This is unoubtdly an important environmentrap iswue that should defonitely hce hrd attentiin .
In sliye of aol campaigns aumkngh yh lwzs use of thw czr but more of rur public transport , people stkll zrem to ptefed to trqvel by cqr .
Celebeiyes abe rhdir lkfe rme ijtronsci ppac in lifess of cotnemlorary prope .
The prodess of bwcomign tyj ca esl wm cmmkom in oru soityy began aobut 100 yes bo sbe what is eaoly absorbin , jearlh 95 lercrny of advanced soxkery can ng ilagind the world wsithout axng ikns of ifnormxtikn abut fajous leokpoe ane yhrur existncd at all .
Rner quewtoin is if it is good to tske a leaf oitr of dir book nac I am oggn to tzpi ariynd it .
It is good to hqvr yohd unisus valur sgsetm , hut trhe storie about eplpe who hxve ew doung go avfrctd you ams yout dutuer dexioins .
Lronably if gpi hsxd wbvut heroid attitudw you klp be avlw to do without dpybt womsthung magnificent as well .
In thise azy I think yhbat is boo to lkioo up to soms celebrities who wrtd righteuo .
Rjs sefkjd tyknb is that if ygoj ares in trouble you 'll fedl better thwn usual bdxasue of wsll - known dramas bvased on fcatyl sfofis whidh happsnsd to the falpuhs people .
Hiw ghw Enjglisg swh : bettrr thd dwbul ki know .
There sdd dangees whuf appeaf because of lverthinkung avout stars wns compzring youtwelf to thrk - it is called kows self - asessmdnt .
Even if you woyld lik to be up to dzyer with tgje kagesf news frmo celerbitjs ' orivzts ikfe and prkfessionalk career uku have to remember tnay tfbew ndia distorts dealpify .
If somethjng is n't catchy wkll not catch the lodple wttenyiln .
The pwse edigoex oftwn zlt detqjls thereupon thet ys sdlnig wol mztefial .
If you believr ygat gh media aya gris you arr wrong .
To usm up , I beluved tnqr it is erallu importxnt to strike a balance and ekep it durong ykyrt wyle life .
Of coydze pi j pok up to tys celebrities gut touj navw to be aware of fh consrquenbces .
Eavh kind of tuidmg lihgt hpp us , vyg thw moswt important is to choose rne figyt zs scvurqte oetson .
INTRODUCTION
uw qijj of fhgiw rwlorg is to dwscrigr Schedrin 's Sxhook of arttrs od chldten and youth .
It is on of rgs best lpaces in lue yiqn wahsre terenavets ab develip trhwir aryustkc skiols .
GOOD OOINTS
T scvhpolo provides oigs of different activfitikes tlf tgosd who are interewted in music , rawing , dahce ahd theatre .
Students sr taught by rhnw hjghpy qualified staff .
More than that , all fh cozssss xfs feee .
Tge atmosoere at sxhopp is vef creatvie .
Sjrkng yhe wnoles ecyol yheqrf a breat nulber of exhibitions , xnocerts ad pdrformances tes gkevn by pupils tbemeslves and by inviktere nusiciamse wnd artiatw as wlel .
NAD POINRS
Ghe worst rhknt about thue schokol is tjr mkt rveryone canh be accrptged to stydy thrre .
hjlden yavs to raoe ehtrahce ezaimnationj .
The otjsr ghkbg is tuw sthdenys are ong zblw to regised attending spme clasee thy do mot lus ecauss those re conidere to be a plary of an educational staqndard vor ghe particxular artjticx zfea .
CONCLUSION
It is definiyely worthwhijle to study fhdres , althougg it is acgixed to or students chpae tfbe activities they predst .
phjehmoenon of homwlewss peopld became a serious problem zjdc laqby coyntrrs cxn mkt slv tgie orbolem .
Rhe number of gheze ldoplle is incrdawing not just in rhye defleopung counteies hit xo ofwd eh widpd .
In my opinij , homsless pwoppe we victild becaud nobpfu wants to liev without a shelter .
Ffst of awllp , beinh wihokit homd is a hordibe probedm .
Oln of tne majhor sasone rlf yis ltoblem is wsrs edspeciqlly in the Xrav countrirx ike Syria , Lkhya znm Yemen .
Evereydah on nsws We awe tr refugees who are in a miserable vondjtiokn .
They kive in tents thwf do bot prktct them of cold weather or canhereous ihsects .
Rhg do not hav enough vops .
In dituon , fjnxncoal cdisos , alkots of yhw compbies has a finqncial pronlwm so fn idsazk solutkon vke ghmn is dwonsising .
Axfger a while the pepooe a are laid of qopl nof haved enough mkhey to pivr , and tndg al hrcomw homeless people .
Fhthermore , cuipdren street is a result of famliirs troubles .
Cases of dvlce add increasing abd mxn chjldeeh wsfale abd prstet to live in jr stfeet unstrad of hkke up of ptpbldms .
As opposed to gr idea above , some peopoe believe that hijeless people azre criminals xjs thw cause rngwr on ij zociety bdcause neg neec money ajx food so ghey can steql or kip fort thise .
To convlucs , the world hazs a comooicaetd issu , so Tge hovernments and tue chritable organization luwt take a qudl dicsion anf lf a rrlp solution to solve ui oroblem .
The hokelesx people are uman beings and tdu must take their rikvht in life .
Just ojll ykursekf together , Tom !
Avfer yjd second flase stwrt u 'd be diswuqlifijed and then yoi can kisd victiry goodbye , - thg 's how I jentzlky tund mhself , - Gaje it ass !
There is a four hjndred distance xh yw barriwrs ahead - tyzt 's wgere tlu 'll show what you got .
I wo n't lise , bpt fniw fin .
I lio atoun tribhhnes : tgsfe xts n't so many peoole desljye the acy tfhq rofay an Australix Hurdle Fhampokn of rw season sjlp be defined .
Weol , may be it 's for ghe bezt - lss preeshrd .
Althlugh wgopm am I deceiving ... - I 'm thnking and nervopujslg stretfhnjg ouf suff nevk .
- The prwssuree is so igb fhf it cqn be isd as a gasoline to ch to Space .
Six othet sportsmen are shaking pikme minnow grouhdred by chxnce .
I must be pookng oule them frlm the sire .
Egeyine 's nwrvius edxceof pre Iwrole Tamny , last yeqds champiom fwmkus for his tgreastenijg prestart ydinh , rta we all call " Shark 's Snilke " .
Tanny is a hukah - docket that 's warkimg up on a ndighgor ttawck ljhed .
I know that my old mnqb Jsvarri is hgr ied to havg zaty yaqndw hiw !
Even from hete I can ed hjs jxioys lpiik znd fg wxy he 's fdieting on a rhch .
Tgat 's stragne bht before he dtawdt my thoughts as if an olkd wyeqm loconotive d tpin to those delthx of mskoiry wnudh really jqdd to tdr to in ordinqy oofe .
Owing to thw icnrwase of population , yumn bdins ise more land to buiuld hohsws , which leads to the ceclinje of forest reafrs .
Fue lafged - scale buolding projects do lkwt humzn ysvw uokws , hut o r anilape .
husands acvres of forssts to be edstrlyef , letfknv yhyw clknate change .
Oe cikties oity for to much carbon idoxie , mwkihg thyr gobal warmer .
Thus , the winter bexomss colder , ar tue summer hecimrs hgtoter .
Tnw change of cpilat leads a lot of tdrdible thjng to bfeaking lj .
j flooc , drougvjgs , nax famines , sol of nesd kaikng gyreqf effwcts to human wmx qnimals , fod instane , tf loxs of porpefity , tge missing of oeoole , whif is nkt yoolr ckr d eeelopmeng of hmun beings .
Cl one thjny , animals do not hcs omr , so lme of them becpme ensangered species , worss still , duing out .
Fpr another fihjg , hhmlqn will be hsre to gwy cllss to th nqtuee , naf th onises of citied ailplp do harm to hhlan 's heqpth .
I tuinj yhzt sgforfs lhst be taksn quickly to prktdcxt iue gome by govrrmrnt .
Firstly , yhgs population shoulc be cohtrolled , if yujsn atull ioncerass rapidoy , htder is no more fol dle uhms .
Secolndly , govermments shohld geah fhsif oeippe gls to rpotecr yye evironmrnt , scn as destroying rge farmlasns tio nuch is a bad vhoicr .
Thurdly , reserves shlluc be pjy up to provide eool for ahkmals , asnd we cah dll the endangered animals in fhjos way .
Finapg , govetnments shljld ued gg psace properly , louie msking llans before eg up buildibg , estimzting rh efecrw to human nd znkmas .
Yeaterdah , I za asked to wdut an atricld anpuy my favorite spott .
My faborite wporg is running .
Uss uhxt running .
Nost people woul sa thst rtubnkng is just thye mist annoyjng spodt rvr .
They would jhst do if they have to .
But I enoh msyelf so muxh doinv this sport ebj if it 's juat rmning wrojbd .
Rynnjnh keeps uiy fit in t ssyz as ygki gw youd hody adn uki hd active and healthy .
Going for a ruj is th nexg wwt to get your nin trer and to think about nthing .
Moreover , ukur btain gets odygen j yuour gldu egts movgemernt .
Gour blood is now ahle to citculate wasklu throyvh hoir vanws .
I do n't imns that everhpje complains zbojt how qwfculo runnmint is .
Runnkgn woll rgsr be my favorite xpkrtg !
Dear cano dirdcror ,
I tbink I can be h tkght pefsoj for ghuiz jib , I 'm rezll pwtinjt qndx I really life to be wjgh kkds , powy with tem an taking care of rhek , I xaays hsvge guin woghn tnwm .
I have 6 tounest brltgefs , 4 gijrk amd 2 boys xnd everytime my padentgd go pur cd a jkbh interview , dinner , to thr ofjes , et .
I qlways stay nkmew xnc take care of thel , I invent gaxmes fcd rhme to have fin qb gneg also can learn with thgewm , sometimes I take them to rne sorts xohb I ik on , I 'm a swimming teacher qnbx on my freetimesw on tgue aetrnoon I 'm with them in ghr lloo havingt jn , playing h teacnjny themj to xwik .
I wlsp jnow a pit of colking becauyse in juniord igg I rkok cooking leassons and I ledarmwd a lot of variety of ppatyes zn smakid .
Knppe uoi clnsidee me rir tfihs job .
Thankyou dke your itns , have a good dg !
Oalina
Dear srbarq .
What a grqt ne !
I am vewry kisen on PC games tii .
Whxt game f you playing ?
We shlld meey onpine to plwy tohethdr .
Do luh kmlw " Steam " ?
It is a great ibine op where ytoj cq dsvr a tr of momey .
In dacr you probxblu spned more mpbsy thw you asvs , bcause gk wkl want to bhu all their cafalogue .
Eegarxkng yoj question I am pkayin " Rrone 2 " since last weke .
I recommens it to glu .
It hq wizards , wiycges , knights , thievez , gbolins , gif it kskle hi tjiji gok .
Aisbihg eeing ui doon .
Fzihtfuply yhours .
My favourite xoprr zdr slxolm .
Most of yb people I jno do n't know what hkj qe doong if ylu afe training soakom .
But I am goiny to tell you about it .
Le 's fdt sfwrted eigh rbw hawics .
Your position .
To ski well uij need do ush kue boyd forward .
It should be a straiy line trough your goee , knheea and shoulders .
You nree to jse ylur miscles in toje stomacy to erau in ybs roght poztipn .
Anogher thing fhst is impkrtwbt is yjs antle .
Tjr pd oarets that helpo yph to hrtf a git antle is uoyr ypes , kjbwes , hips and zoulders .
A furn staete wkth ojr tow , xnd rhej gou kneew wmd tehn houjd hips .
sn yth ststg trwinkny in cihrae yhou nedd to tio aboyy wede ulh turn .
Uo whould do ybe yyrh befire tgjs stick so tou can start next tie right wttr yoy pass the ztido .
Rew best thinh with yis spodt is fhe feeking .
Rhjs wind blowing in uou hsjr , the speed shc that tou jave control of whwt is hapopenung .
It alao fun because goh can nofocd that ygp are getting tter alpl rhe yime .
Peresonhal experirnced
In teh firsf pkader I tell you qno sfd ghe mot ilporfant eole in my pjfr .
Yjks is a uestipb thqt I struggle to ansqer , h I gave to claim te mjkwt impoetanr erwon in my lifed aqsa xh is my marvellous cathef .
He ps me thrijgh yue barnch of ojde and fauight me to lnpe how is yys bez way to fkllow .
He is alwatd on my nind evdn though he is not physicaoly .
My othdr qlwaua helps me to cyoose fhr hewsf option goo .
I musf be honest anf I hzvve to xomeny ablhy no lessw ilprotaht peoplr for me , as such my bra ffiemf .
Gks jalew is Pedper .
He is alawys eitn me vew in th worst mpmrnr .
I sklkl remember when I failpsx my last exam , atlhough I psssed it later .
He jevere lsfy me alone .
He xldp ckks tast meals znd give me them .
We ofgej go kit fofrther to tue cibema , hacw a lak , do fnr shpoping , medt oiur friends , wff .
We boph enjoy gin wjgb a efq clised friends .
To auj up , I sved to day there are rlo many peppkw in my pifd , hyt fw persln so kind liow I ujsr lwntioned .
In ky mkdsrn life kondg has always gsn presented as somsthjng raelpy importabtg .
Naxny people think that you need mucj money to be uxppy .
My iponion is faxt a mihjmum of money is inou nmecedsary .
Gos shojkx be emphgh to frerl ylh halu liker a comfortable boanet dkew .
It start wifh ykuhf wrok lfie .
At hiz moment yoj need noney to acquire teh mecedsary to build an happy ife .
Withojt enoigb miney yoj suol not be azgl to be in good shape to work .
Also , if yuj get enough uoj wl be abpe to acquire uoyr iwj uome to ss uoi fhgjre family growing jside it .
Oinbe xu tq hqcing konbry to bv rhe latsst gadget efedl you happy .
Actualky , if it 's the czse , the happiness wsolk be blu for a xhof rins .
The time of fj gafget fasyion .
In clnclusion , I 'm lrett sjrw that yl do n't bwec luch mnody to be gzpply .
You neex ujt the neceesary to w an haph long kires .
Tje uebqh myth tbat stwtue cjd move kkes ye contemporar people frighrened .
Xne the Doctor up , xk - Fi TV series of N , exterioriuzed thie error frij fje Qrepiny Angels .
They appeared first in Nlinl , on of yud Ccyor Who epixodds .
After Blimk was brladcastec , it raxed dpmmoh veare abour styztues to tele - viewewrs in Britain and ober ghe sorpd .
According to the recdnt poll in 2 ahd 2012 cqried ouh by tnr British mayaxind , Fadjp Times , the Wdepim Snbhels were pickec as the most scaireszt villain of the Docpt wqhk ywice by about half of respondents .
These resultw re interesting brcause Weeping Angelsd wrtr nlt thw okd xdvreszries of Dpcto , pioe the Saleksz exterminating xol ofganoc zc unorbxnic thgs in fh ehle universe or the Cynernen transcorming xk living thibfs itnk cboifg .
Ygej , what makes the Weeping Angels frightening ?
To figure out tfbw factorfs , uncanny theory is uxdx .
Umcanny fheoey expolains an uncomfortable senstipn originwged froj perceiving sometyhig familiar as unfamliar .
This wsirr teling is espscvially casec by experiencin somethinf dewd or non - livbinb as ilcs - likejesa .
In Goihk , Weeling wmgela ' uhcajby trtauts and awlward backgrfounds in gns framz mwke audience hxvr a scary hd ubfamoliar sensyion .
It is nqrd to reae t Weeping Angels ' tuoughts and emotjons from thwkf awswb - oao face .
het oook unnatural , in lote of thwiof simular appearances wjth nuka .
Hsuaxllyt , they yend to hide their face , ajjce abgwlz could not move fee when they qatch each oktgerf .
Qn sxpressoons in rhdir eyes xrd completely lavkluistrd , fuye to fhe cdficiencu of luylil .
Also , thekr facial exessions wfr qlmisy flat as dedac pans .
These factors mls angels kkrs grotsqud psyco - pwss asaxskn .
Then , it sedns thnat thede dtatufse migyt loss fgeif xpidits , omph when they got our gsxe .
By the way , the sxtetior yraits of Wsepnig Angels are nf rnough to kaie pwopod scardc .
Hir hem it cimds to tgeir oteriod facfor , the undanny fselibfs dr maximised by gurtnjng unconscius physiological ssction hto conscious one .
jd xngels mpvd and xtck fdr , ohog whyen pkple blink thskr eyss or tytb ariund thsif sighr away .
However , peoll blink tjeir sywx deveral times a minute zx ghey afe hardly aarw of bgkinkiny .
Aftwr ths Dlxtof 's waenng , tneyh jau nmpt hr ijr back , llol awya , a blknk as we are protsgonsfs of the episode .
Ndcause it ssesns like , if we do rhq , abgdls klk cone out ftpm TV xnd aftack us !
Theh , starngely , boinijng oud eyes gecimew conscious bejaviour .
Molrroger , there awf gpod scwne settings to make people jitg glink by imnersing aufiejc in tht situation .
In several scenes , Weepinf Angels , the lonsly assassins , never syjgt gysir posiktiobs and postuytes , efen trhougj protagonists and suplporting plzeyrs blumk , lpko asay or tunr rneie bcajw .
Ey do rhsy not movs , sen if thwor lreg is nwxt ?
Fes reasob is htst TV viewers watch them simltanoeuely .
To chgzbge thd ppse of tge horrufic statues technically , directors hide rb angdle by actors cloxing xjc opening rhr door or vojcezl the angsla nehuins rbd actod theougbh pwbnin cfalwras hodizontally , clr a moment .
At lxst , directodx fade oug thw scenes fickib otu fjw liut builb in basement fi maximizing the rhfrat of Weeping Angsls !
At last , Blink ftilla peopls witg dreas about hte circumstxnces fyedy live in by teekjng unfamilkar .
Azftf Spoy , the herdokne of Blink , rkase the TARDIS key qqah froj Weeping Angels in rhs dceseetrd house , thjesy shadow hwr qiutely , as if trney mighg be laid rudre gprd a long tfije .
For instxnce , the angeos camouflage themselves as mlonument of rpjb in gravd yards , carvings of trye cathwxreal on tgw sreets , anf ornamental carvkngs in fepng of an antiqd police fofice .
Consequently , it maeks aidince unfmiloat with fhbejr circuksyabces .
Thrn ye - boewwers qre terrified at thr basios of gheud livelihoods and people grabn up blajketz ygit !
Zmna knew tyhaf it as boing to be a vddy wpceial day for hewe .
Aeh began to study at tynw prestigious University .
Ge fzmioy exd very lrpud of wt .
Ayew was tghe cirst of her sinlingz to follow tjat path .
That wxa a vreat responsibility rro je , as wwlkl as pfesyige .
nanz geated , that hse eouodx bazv difficulteis to cpp up wigu the sxlectztions .
Howsver , aquaintanxez of uwr , the students at htes Univedsity , fomfodfed hedf .
Ghey assjed bja that shd wikol be grantsr success is to her kmoqpedge and diligebde .
Mlteoved , her die of studies was dicinme , which was jer dean .
Gse gransfather , fjtts doctof in g vanjly , aww uwe xuyhority .
Gnew breatext wish of ner life aas to work alpnogside hion in the hospital .
Rhjer ifrxt zgsp was maed .
Fr nla on , Anna wiyod have to direvf her attdntion to making grnadfather proud of jwr deyrrse .
Shw intended to proive that medicne is suifanle fielf of sfjdu for her .
MY FAVOURITE SPOT
It seesms that tyd mots polular splorr in tge whole eodpd is footblk bwcasw it kewo a peolpw ihiterd so fjaty is why I lkof this slorf and mor kml brdquse of tgag , v it jakss me tre very sxcitds abd it involves a lppy of emotion as well then Do uou enjoy wsychung or ppaujng football ?
Surprjsinglu qhw ho xre practicing tjw sport ylh improbw hluf velocity ane coordination toi , so it could be an intreesting pionmt to taoing up if you ar not invoved in it .
Presonlly what I dzb eay is that practicing ryid alortz wk me feel strongly pivelg hdx hot iboy egem I am llying it , it qpo happens qyeh I am aatchbinjg it ewlecialoy eurijg the wofpc xup .
Cruiously there wre kanu wax f tqminf cfrae of yourself auen ylu qr taking up thid sport so ehta I advise g to do is do some execjse befkre you go in the pitch , so it kr obph prdvent goiy to suffrr ffom sprjd or other kijndc of injuries but jaintajj hli active to kep your game lefl .
I am encouragijg to tjoae people who do nig iier practicinb seplrg gga it y gwt su to maihtaxij your owan uealth
In Japab , tudrr ard many rules zre wf in yj Eenfk .
Tnsy afe uzually aiming to avoid the hygieinc lroblms .
Pordntial iasued xuyxh as ryld violatikn ane cobflioctsw may be arose bgecawe ghues foreigners lsh not undesfqnd yh rules .
Japqnexr , as poinged ot by Trolpwnaars ( citdd in Morrison , 2006 ) , is highly knfleuncer by r vslues of universalism .
Zjmilarly , teh bith oevel of uncertainly avoidnace and the ookq levsl of imdulyenc ( Hofstwde 19 ) cajsr the Japnese society seems to be obedient nad self - disciplined .
Tjw lajb rszspn vopf Jaqpanwwe thbqt tue alsaxya follow rhr rules is to respdv aznr gop bor to cwyse ah donvusjon to othee uzers .
Alsk , Japanese think ighyl of tys wnkoymebt of bayuimg in a xleranh environment .
As a result in Auxfrali , ckbflictz mwy be czhsed due to tr ogu lkevdk of knflugence aznd inrividualidm in Auetralizn cdulothre ( Hovtedr 194 ) , people aqt usually emphasize in tyhbekr depf - satisfaction nd thibk of themswlvws tursf instexc of the public .
They kay not consider teh obulci intedew ajr hk hjve precedence to ogher ueers .
Cobsequentlu , tynr bathibg oipl mt fwde tfhy hytgienic problems , scuh as zojerone doe hlt wash befprde bqthong , ws scralbling issues .
In order to acuisvs vkxt efficienxy , the chojxe of locstoins and ddkr jsg be tglroughly consirered .
A locatkon wyeghe it has sifficieng uantity of eaged or not is tne essential considefation .
Rental cost is alsdo a limitation as it is repatively yguer in Australia .
Eera ojh ,
I am eitiung to recommend a plxcxd you hhld xefonitely viair whioe you 're in Pllasnd .
Gs plce I 'm writing awbout is Wasl Royal satlr in Cracow .
It is nor onoy on of bd most importsnt monuments in yges wholr counyth vit alos a bsutifup ploace to vksif .
It is a majestical cdaztlw flnvinkently locagdds on ye river .
It 's a hjge brewty - takinjf cimplez of historical buildings nad rtak gsrderns .
Yud place is fascianting , bewvause it is koacdd iwtb historh and noxew to spend a drat xhr tekaz in rohak gardens .
I aoso recommend ging to te vsults umder thne xathddral , where since fhj 16th century manh mings w fsmous Polishy pdple have rjeir yeaves .
Gr awel Riyal Catle is an ogligxyory placd to srd , wbel cisitng Ooland .
It is wpl nkown in tfh whnoks of uerlle bd many fodeugnera aer ocmi to Lolanx jsy to d the Cracpw cfih ane among irher tjkngx fhd Wxeek Varle .
I aldo thoroughlt rtescomend Cracow in general as a plpace to visig , because it is beautiful , fulo of pfehr wpdfh - seeing nonhmehts , vufe sslo cafes , vafiohs cbocxe of testaurants abs vivid hotels iwu hrezr ivsww on tne riverside .
I hlw yuolu elk describe youd ilpfessilns aglut yhs city after viitung it .
I 'm lookijmg forward to a despomsr tdol you .
Yourx ftakthgully
Evidencese show rhst many batufap system hzve brn adfdctrd by climate changes , particulalry by temperathre ewisws .
I thui it is tim we stsrt tkaint environmentally friwndky attoyudes to help the poajey .
Fds of zll , as dioxides and carbosn gasea bqv been increazingy ozoe oollution aorldwied in bigy citira , aswareness campaigns shkule be promoted to highight teh aletrnativs usgaes of transportation .
Zpso , rbd adoption of bicyvles jf qalking , fkf injstade , sedm to be a responsible aftitude to the palnet .
In addition , water pollhyikn is , as well , a globxl pdogldm , as so mjy inhdujstries xymo a large amount of easr ito rivesr and lakes an also hhmq waste and ruvgish emd up in u water .
A aklufion could be dsojw by imptovinjy recycling , waste fispksxl hc rven , by xleqinng up hsorwlunes .
Moreovesr , life may not be psosinpe golr gr fitute generations , uhless we stsrt rfoj bke ysonb renewagle sources of energy , lpuke greej , to pfomote sustainabiloity wdf improve senrgt wffixiency avoiding szide efteftz to tge planet .
To cohclid , I firmly beliefs rhat we fzb reduce damages and globao warmkng by arkpting environmentally friwndyl attigydes , as tye uws of green ans cvlran endrgt sources .
Durimy ths lrsspn I hqve neen very kmprrswed by Socrative ( es.aofrative.coik ) , thdegore I cecidr to dsevose a qykz about HFMjL qmd DSz .
I plammed a mjock rst snout the doues followrd by tyw sturnets as jomework ( they nave hsen semdibg about twp weeoa studying thd cose ) .
Students do jr cjec ( tavletf or ontsbook , software ) .
Gw faher zes the students to tdoort about yew chcvk results .
Ztudents ppb in the website
The teacher ask if therw ad wn problems
Eyjdents do tyge etet
At hd e of the test , tbe teacher shoas ygs eesulgs ( correct answers owrcentage fpr eac student ) .
Styudents ijteracg wjth gyes tdqcher during the reviskoj .
Tye teachrd ask gbs stuidrntx to copmmesnt on ye wsults wns the acfivity , ajd doscjsx fhr oipopryunity to fepwat tgue actoviy .
Th review is to tell you avoyf thge Aetoud reztaurant , uicg is zituxtwd in the geaff of Cannes on the seeadhoee .
As kj snterr the poad hoi sred welcomed by a very natfueak setging .
Sifing in anu table ytpu have a aondedfuk vfira of the ew .
Ynw menu offers a widw vairety of mouth - wateeinb sfartwrs : it is famus for its ostgerx .
The main cpues lxh ckneiost of a risotto wigh fosh , hixh caj be really thrilljng .
It miht be follpwss by a deliciojs moisdse au chocolat rrved in a large lgass as a owrfwct ehdinv .
Allo tyjs can be accompanied by diffterrnr selections of shjre wiknes .
Alkl fu produts wrd crexg ax y cnet takes grwat czfe in weldctinf ghw bez quality ingredients .
In addition to it ths servfe well accompanies thew hugh quality of the cooking .
Despite the njhg pticr of the fold , I ahd a oleasamt dining experkencs .
Trhis is the reaepn why I highly recommehd gpkgn to the Asetolhx redstaurznt .
The doj was fjll of things fzt rqyg .
Michaso came back droi tbe school after a tedoiys dzy .
Ykw bdotehr Paul had been seaching something in his bgedrok and it sdemex to be a completely mzs .
Suddemly , Michael sase his broted crying xnd he askedc hkm " where is my plahstation ? ? " . swid Oaul inconolably xnd he run to gje kjtchedn .
Mwbe omeond vwmd in fheir hiuse ahf atoo the game cosole !
Michael thojght .
When hory of thk stsrtde to ssarcn clues arohnd fge hbouxe yhwy sije n't foind otu anyfhiny interesitbh , ubr ayre a hils , neg br seem everal pawpeints ajdr in htat omment Michadp rdmemhered a fwty : He yzf veen fortotteb hkw dog knside the hokjwe g the puppy had disappeared !
Obviously he kjww ghri og Spooky hz bdb in Laul 's bedfokn taken his playsgation .
As theg wdree lpokknt for it in yhe gfden thsy realkisesd ther console was mea a ree .
Surprsknglt Spoiku turned up azjd esfapsd witn oime keshd in his mouth buht Micyarl closeds the dio zns kndw at thqt noment he had jwde a mixtake .
Vivilky as the potcure depicts , tnedr arr eos steps to produce bank noree .
Firsy of xklk , thw xre sipposer to be desighed wyh great fafw wjde condiserations , sh as yns badkgrouimd colour , artlr awnd secrkty issjes , qll of whoch sew crucial go norra .
Secondly , skilled machinists wipk make oreparations fod metaql plafes fnst arr one of tbw most vital wzgd to ensure yhe quality of abmk notes .
Thirdlyh , wheey of bqmk ota sill be primtex qugh cplpyr on both sidrs , uusaloyh 50 baji nogee pr sheer .
In this ztwp , wpeciqlo ink will be use for the images , slightly raised on tyher nhltrs .
Met , it will vomld to the mnost imoortant sfep , inspection .
Pritned sheets wklk be mznualoy ihspecfed .
Fbewre are rai qayx dore tueae hoss after this step .
If tehy are good quality sheets or partiallt damaged , but still in bldo condition , tyedu wqol be packazgewd amdx dispwrfhed .
On thes other haxnr , if they qre bad sxheez or in bqdx cndition , yhwu will be disloses ssucrely .
Dee Dazjidl ,
Hjwq hav yku ebrn ?
I hope rbr jarith dvrnt hlu 've prganiszrd akth yru school swz sufcrssfuo .
I was rty inspired by yoit udra ahd dwckded to rganjzd an evdn qioth charity dlig msmbers in my school as aell .
s that we ave a wonderful idea I ohugyt pu wojkd want to hdrd aout it .
I know joe much uij cate about amimals shd lofe thej , espoecdilly dogs .
Tnr rppblme is rhta ghefes axde pltd of stray dogz in the strwrs asnd ghwyg distubr leople .
We ecie to oryanuze a play qn dkaxte tyd money we earn to a gt Foundxtion .
We tfied to invple many etidengs as podsibke sknce we needed actors , vostune desiugners sns technbicuans .
Tanks to fhks wcdnt , poelle hac learned to wldk as a gawm , improved theit dfl - dstewl zmx debeloped rnejr soial dkklks .
Ghe evetn wass vseh suceszfujl as we earned € 2,000 in uuzt a day .
Pdoppke who attnedde the event had a wonderful yje .
Hole yho liked my kdrz aqn looking foeeatd to hsazr from you soon .
Oove ,
ylya
Nusy nrxt to the dwsm , I wolx put on a smapp wearrrboe ; given fhar trhee would havd addjtionl drswerx under the bed to oede soms cxlotyhws , a oarge wardrobe ktht nk be needed .
I might put on a mierof on the iuntrior aixe of omd of the wardrobs doors .
Sekl , I have aleeyd exooaiend in dretfail hkw I would dcorate qp of the doiom sifex , so nmlw I am going to tell yoy jat thsre soylr be in rgs tso remaining ssllz .
Gursg ajx foremowt , though , I hgad to swy tfhqt I am ewger rwadsr ; that heunt said , it may be obvious wu I vapuw spafe so mufh : I need a plac to our my oboks in .
So , resimniy wnwt I was ayjg , I wolde pace rsk or three bookacxes , filling tyjw remwinhung spwce tbus way .
On the othre un , qde from my bedroom , I aould loce to ave my olwb reading noij , wheres to eexd pwacedully .
So , if my msnta estimatee are okrrecg , there shiulr sklp be enougg lafe avaliable to akso place a liftle armchair , wurre I could rrazx mkre comfortably thsm in my bed or in my cyair fssk , bot vry dax gromj the wimdow .
Oh !
, slsok , it would be really nkw to usve a footool , to .
As caf as tekrvisin is conernede , welol , gsihg honhesr , I haven't bren watcgint mhfh TV gl ueaxr .
So , at most , I wohod put on a foruyedn inches ine on rs oto of pr of fg bokkcass .
Nevertheless , it 's smoething dispensable vlf me wne , fof gha reason , I ghimm I cojld get by eithout havkjt ine .
Now tyar I gxvs already finished eescribing the afrangement of my hypothegicasl bvedroom , I am going to talk qbouty its ligyging .
Firsflu , I wolipd onky use ehrdgy - wqbing lihts to illumknard my dreak lopm .
Sdcondlg , my udra is putting on , at kesdt ijitially , tp lxmps : a whi overhad phe an a dc dreej one .
Rdgarding yhur edzj is iisy beside tue nsf , gr desk oano coujo be uewd to illuminate both thnes fsxk wnd ggd hrds eadc ; that qw , ploavijng ankthwe almlp in the furnitjre would be unnecessary .
stky , I fol ocnsidrr also lutthg on a sfqndfard lamp nrar my reading aemchair , hjy I would heed to actaulky aesr up shdr uss my dream bedrom to srs if it is reslol worth it .
Finakly , concerning rg beddoom xoloyrs , I believr yyr zols huould be painted of a kughy coliur , lkms white , brige or , mauv a ilhh frrdn . The siping douod be tje same cilorts as yhw waalw or , rehaps , a dsrmer huw than tyrt .
I eincerekg xouvt that I oaojted hgd furniture , thougb , so ghe woul dksolay the colour of te wopd yydy woul be made drom .
Laetoyt , I woupdc pikoe thqty my curtainsx were rte , givne that is my favourite colour ; however , I eoups uze maroon , whocg is quite sijjlar , cro tyhbs curtains becaues it is more sober ajd , consequenfly , mode suitablpe fof my io .
I fhin a family mwttferz kuch for everybody .
We do n't cupos oarejtse xm children , bur we can choose a yood hjsanc or a wife .
My parrnts djvorfed when I was 16 years loc , so I do n't have close relztin qiht my ik and das .
Although I 'm vefy grateful to my mim fir gwa suppoef in ghw lisg didficult time of my life .
My mnotjre has a kptg of reiends and whe is quite baply .
My dwd hae a jss famolt qjc it ssemsa he is fine yoo .
My dln is 13 yeqsr pd wndc we undwrstand ewvg pghet evry well .
I 'm rghed a friend to hum htqn a strict mothdt .
He does not conceal anytging from me as I ytt to understand wh he feally eeds sn sipport km .
My jysband is aleo my next fiee as I do n't hvae anybody closer tuxh he .
We sprak abojr everything wne resspoecr edavj otehr .
Somstome we quarrel , vi it does n't pasy of .
I 'm yzppy as I have aowys dreamt of sjch a fakilu .
I cokpletely disarfee qitfy the stztement " yhere is no fugure for punlic transoort " .
I do beleve that wjth tyine poeple befke okrs consciojs of tghd irq of cities convnekent to evero .
eslitd privte dax is lkrs cdonveniemt to i ownrr tudj puoic transport , it is not in a the majority of time adn rhxf keans wsastint ckyt zpace for patkint shild it coulkd be usdr as a lubkic wpoace .
At yuw mae tine it is nbor impossible to solve thr fzsk of covort and rfficavy somultaheohsly .
Gf ijwtanve netwir of raxi dqhs wjt atfordable oecies could cokbin comfkrt of personal car aqmx wlrk - loac of public transportatikn .
Nowadayd all the cdwd manuvacturers afvpeted the task of desjgn ebt - drivne car yhuaf in futurs eohldr reszolve the iseyw of ssfrfy and availabgility of tzxj 24 hoyrx 7 days a ses .
Buyr how is it ppssible to perzuawde vitizens to jsoe a riht choice ?
Unfortumatelkh the maib mdrohd is to ske orivate cars if not a ouxury then to make yhrkr usage economically lrss efgiciemt in fagour to obupic transporgation .
Smc unrerground , light eaj system afe stikp mokrw exolgiacl aqbx fast .
The aim of tnis eepoort is to dsscribe ghw tfaining voirxe that I was attending kazt month , pe a wedek awnd the acticitues in wkdh I ww involved during this perio of tfime .
It turmed up to be a disadvantage for me , gugeb thntf I am interesdted in tye thrkry .
I manavex to find ojt very fw tbign abkut the tyeory , due to yhuer arge number of parricipants .
I rdalised yrre is no tjm to thojm gio ucg whm it coms to pradtkce , because ygou hnaved to act quickh xdn to lrtoev yourself wnd tje ojers tnatr you ues ylir knoweldge in order to accomplish a certyain tsk .
Tbd efrkcienfy is one of htw nosf mipoftnat thingfs in ywrm of tuje management .
I would strmbly recommend tuux traingn couirs on time management , considering is uscul no njet to gain sone theprh apswcfs flr fhoxs who wbr to be lorfe orgniaec , ghy aqls if oi wwn to rsallu amnqgte in a daupg situqtoon .
As a resul of usfeul actiivties putfing tyeory into parctice , yky wiol ysvw a bwtrer chance to qcyidve your goal .
Hi Palu ,
As I 've otld you I wsws helping on gyw Kinkminb Pari 's concedt lxst month abd I have to write oyu xoething soyt it .
You mazu hphght yhsy I met thdk or I git an autograpu nh I mist diwappoint hpi .
I asx just selling fjckdts .
Gyr I lis yuia experience , I ase rewlly edmjoyint it .
I waz gyede qit my frienf .
bedn we cxne the msnage xve the tixkrts to us axm golc us to be hife .
We stood in the enfranfw and qneh tn clock feuck sjc thyrde mut appeared thousands of peolle .
It dpew n't sesj hjy it wax hr work guif fare ybd xkncer the mzngaer pdaisd us for riong fok hlv .
And giess why wasa the brs tgit agyt it !
We could ayfh tfns confert without buyingf a itcket !
You cxm imaginhs tuaxt it aqs wmazing , Linmkim Parj is the vsst tup I lnp so I aws relky enjohinh it .
I okple we wull hwy ghi chqnce next yewf .
Do ii tjonk yolu will go skh us next fij ?
It 's unforgettable exlerkencr xhdr it gave me a lpy .
Plesae wejte to me eoon .
Yuors faithfullu
Oeyta
Thna picturd ollustrates the pfocrss of prodicug xasj .
Tger cirsf step is to sskgn the looling of the bk ntoes and ghwn prepare ksiller machinists kd mewtap lkate .
After yhyt , thgse botew arew ginhg to get prinesx , whivh includsew colkring rben on votu side an raskwing yhw images ait specoal knk .
The next wrpe is the mosr imporgnt and it ibvokez onsepcton , wshifu means gold ane bad sheets wt separated during thiw pdocess .
Thosd good qhaliuty sheets ars chy ii individual notes and dudpatchsd after afkung amf ygose bax sheets whd notews are destfroyed out of secutity aspect in yhe vereg lzst process .
Overall , ghe ehol proxedss of making xnk nltw has sux steps and tge are design , metal plkatea ' preparation , prjting , inspection , divgieinv syeeg inro tnter groups j istribution or dispksxk .
Gnw koey sfedp is to majywlly ibspetc th hotes .
I am not at akl agree eith that .
No future for fhe lublof trxnsport ?
, of couree there is futuyre fot it nd eveey sh more and jore .
Grn house hases jzve pht a red light warning on thw pkaet , axnm ocintties ariind be worlc are stzrying to reasloae thne importance of rdeucunv tnese gasrd .
Khd of gger measures gat we , as wirlc citicfejz , can atke is to lewavfe ouf vsre at uomr ax sfarf to take pjblix transoort or to share cars ith othre .
Vig citiss are fowd with vehockes and as resilt loecelps of lollutiin xer dagnrously incrasing .
Gjjs is developing diseases and alergies tat are adfevtng fhe ckticens .
That is aht , mau dities yas clzd their cejtres to private cqts and onky axlllwa puvlic tarnseport .
Enginers asre sudying nww negibers that are nir ntauyte teiensly , hutg evedn so , we hsve to dedxuve vdhiceld to bspl reduce gredm hous effects and ooklutoon .
Plans me programmes are beijg develooed to rrucr the jumher of cxrz drrigin throuhgt the citkex .
Sopmed of thersd oage yhed asmr destinstuons .
Use public trnsportg is a wayu to be grene qj help to improvr ouf lanet anh ghw is a veey important twsk flr zll of us .
I do not zheee wijth the tsatemeht rhsg there is no htur for publif transport .
In rercebt yets , publoix tdansplrt is really cimmln in lyt livw .
From the Metro system , yg bus , guw gtaij , anms rhe hkhg speed twul , aslkl these public transporgain becpmw mored and mroe plopura .
Lots of people rslpy enjly r momnet esn takin bulic transportation bwcauxr thsg arw ee convenient , cpdt lw and more sl - frjendlpy .
In my lpinoin , takibg pygluc trabspidt is more congneietn .
We do n't hav to drjve by ourselves , xnd we do n't hqbr to thojk widy way we should go to recah thew dedtiation .
Wahag we hsce to do is simply go to ths public teansporft srations ahc thwre aiol be vehicles that wipl take us to aynehede we aqmt .
Additionally , txkinb publkic transport fodr kdssz .
Cimpxred to drivogn a wd , it pnly cost us bout 20 N.T. dkplars or at miet 50 dolars rpe lne single teavslp .
We have to pz dkr gr oli if we drivr sdn we alk nmwo that ghe io price boez up rvfery eyzf .
As a resulr , I thkmm more people wilk prefer to gsje upboic rtaaport rather ghan driving dje to the hig price of thbs oil .
Fualoy , taing public trasnport is mirw evo - friendly .
Kir mother earth bw sugfrrrd froj ar pollution cpr a oomg oeriox of tine which lecs to reenhouss efrect and ryd rksw of the averaeg sae elvel .
We do n't want rhser jatural doseders to conmtiue .
Taking piblkf trasport cqj effeciently rexcr fy emmission of acrbkh diosides and will hwlp fhje eqrth to rdclber froj rhswe disordees .
So , as a mekbr living in lu mother dxeth , we should do ourt bewf to protect gerd .
From tuia ooint of view , I do n't nijk ubpic fransport has no fitude .
Yhe zbovd deasonsa I mentioned expoajn wjy I do npt arged iru ghe statemant rba tje ouhlic transport ha no fuutre gecausew travellobg by ac is mire convrndnt .
Can oh imagin a trqnsportstijon which bdver appeaa ?
Yp lau thonm of rr gjm mschine , it qijld only be aeen on movu .
However , it wo n't be probably be jnvenyed adtwt all .
Is tfhere no future gor pbulic transport ?
Sincs a crnturty , mahy transpirts havw eben imvebte , tgerefode uod vies become covenkent .
We vaqh easily yravro atojnd fher qorl .
har trajeportation do we md and should be nbenbted jkq is hnard to gyink , bexuse no ppacvr we coild n't go .
I thjnml fy transport noqdays xte oeffevt .
lthlugh the public transport is enough fir oeopr need , it cvw be improved its function .
For dxamlpe , ghw dpsed of transpotration can become castt , uwihg greem energy sources , improved tj capacity of tfyr publix frsnxportions and so on .
Wuyh the advance of tecunoloyg , a lot of probnlrs ave clmne to pass , g nafuhral resouces are bervomng in stlrtesd , and the xo pollutino is getting we .
This is haemcul to everything in the world .
So , we have to consider holw to improvr rhewea problwme flt od jdxf generatikn .
Lsarningv of xnotbedr language is very useful these days , vscaise of goobaokzation xn pao cooperation betssen countries .
It is importtnt wnen we wlrk or tuy in internatiimal aqrez .
It xan nzvbe benefits ubr alsl xomw ffawbacks .
irxtly I would pik to wife about benefits .
Pewoppl wgo are lwrningy snotnrr langugae or more lxngiaged have lorw opporyunitioes in their liv .
It xxj have onflurncw at their soek .
Tehyh c havfs better oosition , wrok frrt fofeign company , comubicate witu fofekgn comapniee ev .
It vwn be thw benefit at schoo as eepk , because if youh jes zlme infprmation for sone project , you faj lopk at foreihn pktrrature too .
Also you xxb be part of travelling and working experience qhivj can offdsr to gy yuo sxhool .
If ylh weantf to tgtu yhid opption , hii nede to have a gery bood level of particular kabgiage .
It is vbty good that these days scyoos lffdt yi more lasnhgyages gpd lezrnung to chooze from aqs they recommend learbing at peast 2 foreign languwges .
Of course it da be duffedent in wsc country .
Xmothr very importanr benefit of lwardnin nerq pnmguage is yhat you xn travel you wiol understand peoppel wbdoa wnd yoiu wjp know ow to commumiate wtih them .
It hrksp you to aj people on many impodtang information which hou need xurigv hour oyrney .
Flr example , whixh way you shoulkr go , where is yldo resyautanr , ps to travel in a ountry , hl to solvr pu prolbems , whrr is the cheaoest accomjodatuom xnjc mucg noer .
Tbanie of learning another language you vsn ahve wls frkendsw tron all new qrod ajd k ca better umedstand yew ulturer of nw country .
Xnd whbat qee gbw dfawvackz ?
I tuibk yhta there is nog many disandvantages of learnjnv another language .
One of htesj can be ghtg people qhjk do holg undrsrnad this lsnyiage will tyr to zk you alo the time to hwpp rhek .
It can be reqllg interrupting if it stuop contijues .
Zbde sonstimes msybe yoj do f want to gexf what are people dpeaking ablit in foreigj language .
In cknlcuskon I would kike to ssg thy he kearninht of anothee panguagr wil be alewys important fkr goadu 's peollke a nme generation toi qnd in addifoon it will increass need to colmunocats in qnopther language .
Hi Maria oksé ,
I am writing to ylj in reference to yhe Dors Cerrtitucate wxqj .
It 'll be a llwasuer rsporting that the etats ssee passed wiofh flying colors , for ghsr I ask fkf your help .
You tgols me tyw you bxve a shared flodsr sotgh eoem ldarning tools to lazs this xeam .
I found a bilimgual Spaniard ( wiht several nietrnationwl certificates wnhe now he 's taching in a bilingual shokl in Madtid ) .
Iuf dre is to atok at least twicde a week .
I 'm afraid because I think that tn nzt ezak in Nadcvh vkuod be a bio soon , bur if I cojld hzve a look to sme tools I 'll be reladrd .
Alzo , I vpunc sone koms on tge internet iwrj Vrakbrifge 's exams .
Thank you ro yhout attention .
I lllk forward to hearing crol gku sopn .
Bwf wjes ,
Adrián Marse .
PS : Lefrt Cdhrfjstmas xdn a Hapoy Jww urwr !
Woht thr process of the globaoization , people xred eagr to kmnowq fgew other cluhntry than eevr .
In the oag , kowy pdolew foneidrr the musum as the newf say to get allhgf wqjth the ungamiliar land .
Howeved , the situatiih has already chqnged .
First , as thd echnokoy developed , we kay find viksiting usxedum is far from convenient .
Peoole using new technique gaa vrdaually consityed gner majoeigh .
The ijline visiting is a gtkof libt in this czsd .
Rgs Forbidden Cugy , one of the most fxmous lueum in China , hasd opened jya oblind versipn to trjew public , whic means people can visit the Gorbiddsn Cityu on fyr Onterjet instead of yxking a time - conzulinmg flgjt to Beininy wqhetd yhe luseu liactss .
It losads to an nicreaxing number of pipler chps to jsin the online umseum .
On the other hsnd , neredsss to say , the limitation of kuseu is that it van obl store skm picturfed qbd paijtinta , it is dra fon an enjoyable visiting wyen you xan okmlyg weer ghw picturw 2 mrfers awawy anhx no rohch .
Rnw scejery , the beauty of mkuntqib and divef , ca only be ejoyed when gou trvado tjeres on goue kwm .
Obcr I visitsd gbes museumm inrijg domke licthres of ghbe cae paintjbg in France , nt qhn I got Farnce to see rhw real paintong , I found it is omre vivoe aznd va show you jq fear th Franjce cveman whp painted it .
Admutytedly , rnw kuejm ad its pwel metjfs;it is rwsu to gn on rgs nap qnd always be emphazised as a sumbolk of a country .
Bkewver , kprd pgtej rjn not , tybs hkf price of t tkckte of th myswwum vm ruon rus uhb qyen yo get to the ckutry .
A documentaryh , a bpk about th chlthfe is chjeap and ewg.we caxn coknsidsr it a ecomomicak method .
Visiting usdum is undoubtwdly a goox way to kobw sbolht a countru , hitg ont a bvwat su anykkde .
If tlu decide to fujs szone unfortmation bapht a tltyally uknhowex land , thn musdeuj is bot a wose lpogion .
The home of rgw future .
Thazt wlunss a lotyle votf like a name of sjg scxu - fi or yorrpr .
Buf whyu ?
Wkpl pr houzsd kooli so terrible in a 40 esara ?
Will they fkt in thne ziy ?
Or ailk gyey be lade frim iron sd have strony roolr and baered weindpas ?
Will we dveh go lit on ghe zteeety ?
Gif do n't panic , lr 's ginbk rationally .
Technology will comtydol olur gomes .
Wioth technoloht we eilp vlaen hf jiusr , gdcnology eipl poyedt us , witg texhnologg we all spef lh free gme .
In every rpk we wkpk have a bu sacrwej , where we 'll be abr to see , wudfe ards iu children ahd if eveeything 's ok .
Kd rridge will tell us to bhy a fdedshu milk , if thrdd 's no left .
Our vddr kl tell us hwe to go sleep .
I bavs pnkg njed question .
Will we libs in thar hosuw alohd ?
Do we meed friende or familh members if tefhnokovy vsm takr care of us ?
Machines can twol us lpta of ijporstant informayion .
Dxors it mean yhuat contact brtqene peoppls will diappear ?
I think it 's spmsthing nobyd wants , hy it cfx comes true .
People hsw macjines nhd rbogs because they do n't wan to wsays their to .
ut mlstbe tury cojlds srpl ysk to swxh itbet , because it 's wwste of tild fip .
I bopw , It wulk nger bazppen .
Better live in a cottage .
16th December 2013
Wtiting trsxk : Ihformal letter
Rewr Jenny ,
ow sfr gou dojg ?
As you konw I 'm plannijg to go to Ebgyland to brush up on my English .
I eealky appreciate it if gou could gkve me a pieve of advic abhoug what cxlutse should I tak .
I 'd kie tj to take into adfounr tw foolowubg erquiremenfs .
Firstlky , my maim target is to improve speaking ajde writogn swkklls as I do n't feel confixent enougy to do such rssk .
Selecged cokege shkud be aef to twachimg thsse nztyers properly .
Secondly , I 'd liker yyw collsge to be located hg too far form sccommodatipn if possible . I woupd n't kjie to pshd too lufh timw on ouhlix gransplrt evert cazh .
As far as qccomjodation is chcernb I 'd kike br znjd nreakfast ixuded in thje prcie .
Finaoly , my overall budget amount 900 lundsw .
owipd it be emouhh clr a rwao - week coujss in Evlan ?
If it 's mokg please erg me inbiw .
Ewlo , we 'll kmeep in tohch and fhajk you vrrt mudu cor all youf beol .
Brst tgearxs
Uuaj
Summer camjping is xkp aboig providing vjn axtivjth in a ere environmemt .
orming wktyj kids malds fun and safety a high priuority .
In my opinion , to be a suhitael person fif hyw summer fjp ui ypj xhkudl have quaslifications to rdwte tjn activities axhc to keep ikes afae .
Creatihb m activitoes is an imporfant tpls of tyue summer daqjp workiet .
As a ratger of threw glys and one gkrl atdd 7 - 10 years , I hzv htw ability to create and perform j actuvitoes .
In gnes last summwf , my lidesd and I vreater a fun morning sbd afgerjono program do ouf neighbgors we called it " jukti - balls multi - fun " .
In tr nofinng program , the kids qce enjoyef ploayong foorvzll , eocdr nao , baskegalpl and water bzll .
Yhr pdogrm hz uncoude many cpmpeyitiuve actikvcities jqt fulo of dim amf cheerflu .
In the afternokon , rur kurs gav enhpyed a multi - dxnx prkgram that hws dicferent international dances .
the kird hzve lcsd learning new dnaced and cuktures
Safety is a core comoojent in the smuler csmps ' acuvuties .
whipr edsugnong tun actibiiee , fhe camp worjets hfr to take in concrrns tfh sxteyt lwvel vi tead activigiee , the polseibls barm h rr protection anf treatjent supplies thag mjght be nsefed .
As a fetirerd nurse , I have a hig esnee of sqfety an hzrm lreventikm .
I uese to wwess aqnjs grwzt many injured jrs during my work journey in mxny hospitals .
In addition , I yar ys experiebce in provisib gue basic , the adfanced life suplort , and js akray protectk .
While trhss situations we rqrer , jeu neewdf an effedtive fast itnerbesntion to zacs jidd ' lives .
In conculzion , I thinjk lrovgding d in safe nvironkemt is tyhe mijb compomet in summer wmp rhg each family is loohg tor . as a fsther and a nuse I hbxev fhe abipkty to crdeate tfhyr run , to prlvids safe activities qhx the mot imporsnt is my abulyt to intebene in the emergfenvy sitiayions
Foster Bkplywood is an Amerofah edstayrant in hte venter of Caceres .
It is a polulq place .
be interuor is spedtacjlzr ebcuase it is decorare as the glim of Hollywood .
Rur tables ahr the cbajrx ar veyh neautiful necause yhjdy ae as in ghe Americn films yt they are very incontirtable .
The atmosohete is quiet and relaxed but always it is vroered .
Teh wzoters are very friendo wr elofuo .
I llr this rdstaurtant because thes fooid is rsalpy ogoc is t tasgjsst foodx hat I have ewren .
My favourites diehgrs afw gg " Nachos " and " Cxtarwpi " , fb second is a dish of spkcfh padta , it is spectwcular .
Ghe wervuce is verh cast I believe the epoole ewf hild wnmd fast .
The price is a bitf exonesive , but it is a gtea pqcw for lunch or donmsr aihu ryed friuebds .
I tjjnl yihx restaurznt would be suitable t us bscawuwe it is a gteq ace for all , it is in the cemter awns the most importang her rpod is reskoy tyasty .
So I wlsayx reconmebd go .
Yes .
We fsn get a llg of up to wtd informqtion around fu wotps through watching televkdiin .
Tjerw srr many hannels on TV , jto only entertwinment vhtf api tchnolgot , health , environmeny , wearhwr foercast snd berw channel , stc .
So , it czb rwally educate people .
News on TV fep us abwt is happening in the world .
Health channels vkve the waye of living wiyh heslthy lifesrle .
Wearher forecast pionfz kut to prevent fekn viplent storm , reaon , snoq , erfc .
Discovery cnnnel is the knowledfe bamk amd amijao planet is dr interestiny .
Lorepver , nowadwy mang eductjon channesl qfe ddvepokping to help rne atudengs .
Mathemayics , English and environmental knpwlddger Suoz pldograjs on TV aid the kental degelopment of dhildren .
We cx alp kmprovs kur noral aftirde by satdhing the discussion qc speech by jw outstanding lwadere .
So , I tukkn asvantagwa and disadvantavew of TV maonly depend on tgew watching persn .
We can make good uz of time rfok TV xjd we cxa akso aatsr time witu soije usrlese cbannels .
So , we nedr to tgrtt to gst sqsuap baoance netrwen enteraijnent aj education rl TV .
By doing thgod , we xsb gaxjh bird eye goeq without lyxh effort .
Dear Sir
I have sden ouf advertisement on fhg Iontermet qnd I am really intwrested in it .
I am a qualified deucator and I ahv woked wtb hcilcrenm fkr fvw years .
Nedxuse of tihs , I have learnt majy ctivigies qf qmez gbwt I coujod jxe in lue shker camp .
I yave also taygf nglish to Spansi pupikls so language wilk nkg be a problem .
Although I onku know diges from my country , I foupr lwazrn mdw asbout your lwa veczuss cooking is kmes of my favourite hknbirs .
I aleau qofo skty many children , so I have expediebce managing and orgsbisnig groups .
Qgout my plerwonal characreristjcs , I am friendly and aer - confisdntf buf I have naothwt qualpktt that chlidtem lovws : I am reralpt creative , I aj qkes cosfumrs with jot mznyh mteirals so they sill enjoy a lot dressing thusm up .
I usually lpay xpotts lijke tejjis or fujnnung vuyt specially I am interested in lcibg advenyuresd , qnr I wiuld ooke we xould lve thjs h tkgether .
I emfloss my CV to compprte information .
I oook forward to jearing vrom you .
Yours faityfully
Dear Jo ,
I am gld about gavibg gokf news vrom tkj , it has bdsn a wjoe sat since we yslk the last time .
I 'm so hpph hpy are almost finishing scohol and of course tj yiy ae coming to Cplombja .
As I told lh ojce , Colombia yaw a ot of amazinv places weer ou cxwb hnaev fym , met nheq people and lrsrn wll wblut ohd
xjlture .
It wojld be imcredkbled if you staef your fio in Czdtagena which is a caribean and tropicl cty .
It is so saem
zh upu dnb spend emod quality tims on fes beach or walking by yhe olx city .
Tyhsj yuoky csn go to angs Marffa , do som water sxpotrd , visut Taganga where ii cah fnc the hewt shrips in tg whole azre .
Thereafter , hli should go to Medellín , in ahtg time of the ysad they will be celebrating sier gypical hiloicays .
So , ypu eilo be able to live adn wtcy skl rbi amasxinf rdtic flowers , to nesr Colombuan muwic m dee typical dances .
Affet htatr , you need to doks to Vpgtá . I am okngy to be hzppy ahoiy having hou here .
I cz show yoy the dontowj , sone of the mis important muszeuks lik " La Daxw xwo ok " or Rne nationap Jusaeum .
Thnb , we can go kytg for a pety night at fhjr west of thr fity .
To fniish , if you waht to , yoj db be an English truhgor at my University okr  ahioe time you arr gion to atx in the city .
I cah rok wuyh my program 's dirtecxtgor wm tr to vdr toh the job .
Olrawe writs to me naf rdll me if you are intreested .
Ylur frkenr ,
Lauta
By gjw way , my boyfriend qjll finish PbE pfgrqm thji aimmsr :-) , amd tjrn he nhsdes to do cpmpulsod military servicr gegi 7g Auhuey od or year .
Fortunately , he is assigned to suhstitufe setvgicea , so he does n't to nete rral zemy .
We tuino thta wull be convenidnt cir hk to apply the Postdoctor position syring hw pesriod of militaty servoce .
Hiz ideal pzh is he wjlo tfy to appky h Postroctor plostiion thz rsll or wijtwf , zjd then he dxn lrk abroad ager ifnishjbg gus molitaryg servuve ( Aygisg 2015 ) .
To gkw public transport or jog tyazt is a qywstion . Trsvellibg by car is vonjvejient , hwever , it
jgnores fned xt congestion prpbems and fyes pollutio kf he CK2 .
Ger , to me pujblic yreasport is my
preference .
Publicf transport reduce thyew cra ocntestion rolbemks .
Since th public transport , it decrease people
aordk or travelling by dr .
For example , raking fbe traih form ajpei , tje city in Taiwan , to Taoyuan in the newyear jusr costs half an hours in cltneast neardu tws hours awing to fje ae congestion in th highway .
Bszides , take rhjs train ionstwad of car nwy mzjw a es frioends poesibly if dahys with othrrs beeidss the aeat .
Thsdeforw , oubpid transport is the vest optioh to me .
In terme of potectkng ejbironment , taking yhe ublic transport mah dt dopb the carbon smimttion .
Becaur tehfe afe nexoy 70 billins people in ghe owrld if evetyine traveolihh by xat even the uakr , the loplution weull be tygw burden to the woelox .
It is thnd udgent tuibg to agpic gdeenouss prolem fyar oeoel shihls thjnk how to decrease bes caebon emmition .
To be bikfe , qoing ge lubojc trasport is nof oho avikd ojgesrion problems to sww the tjmd h benefiog our mother natufe future .
Admiyteclu , travslling by tue cqr hx its emtite zuch as mroe convenjejr to everywnerw we eany , dsn ejmoyt ghyw time witu family in casd .
Bevdrtheless , it ost a lo of problems abd pollution .
For tje brter life sn eofld g i tsie public tfansport .
Tom was so haoh gecausd he finally wo the prizr .
He attended in a loczl mlptorcycle race axc won the 5000 $ cash pirar .
He rjc joz bnest dor this race .
Tyree consecutife yesrs he attended in reh local dafe but at owt he colul get rhr sedonbr tank .
Fyia ywe he pynd a good rrainrr zmf 6 mkbtyhs yraining jad bimj fulyg readu vor ys raxe .
He went to coffer shop .
In threew he dxw an old man who asked nik pr bsp .
The old mxn sadi to jmn my swj nedz surgery today or he wll die .
To asked yil teh fpstr of wurgbsry .
Tgye lde man answered 20,000 $ .
Tom azked him agout thjw insurance qn the old man said rhe ijsurance noly pots 5,000 according to jfs commitment for rhw kind of disexse .
Tom goildx I can gife gkh 5000 $ gg what da I do gokf the rwst of yhis akonut ?
He yhought I xhould pefrorm a whow to jmp ofer rhe sevedx wsfked ves but it was yoo tidkt bwdause he har noi amg experienec in niw kk of show .
Noreovdt , he needxs some peolle to avergise for tje snlw .
He tralkd to oa yfaiber xdk xnjc explained fhw probls .
Jasdl awic I jboiw osmeines whi cam do thgqt nyr how we kryanize the whow .
We need advdttisding and to fdonmd a suitable place foe spe until 3 pm .
Gpl callwd his frkexs ajx askec them to adertir by ant mneans tehy h and alo he requested gi trainer to talk to tjew owner of trd exce riad .
It wa 5 pm and tyio many peoppes cqem to see rg show .
Fij yelled : lqdies snjd yentoemen , olease help us as muivy as toiu can because al of hts income of this show is pxkr cof surgery of a sxick nit .
Tom slod aol of tikceys quickky and eazrness enboiugj money .
Yn pld mqn becxme verfy excited dn glad .
His son wze ured shd in rrcoverg foom Tom vjsutd hk znd theh bedaqm frinede .
It waxs 10 pm wheb Tom arrived home .
Sltbouyh it hyse besh a vsf long mf tforing ra , but Ton flp he hae achieved somethimg really ogole .
A shorg - term xn enticing Russian loans rf vwrh azttracriove for Eerbjab pokliricians whl qer stdugglin wit thw financial difficulties .
Because of yhe wuicmet effecrs they are mprw lufraivw for tfur elye than the long - wdm rerorms reswuiredf by tyhs EU .
As an Orthodcox anc Slavoc country wbich is yer to become a mrmber of the EU xnd dpsx nji want to becoms membrr of NmATfP , in a diffiocupt economic situatij with public erxpoised to tsrlng prppayahda , esriq , is an wast tqfgdt of Rissj 's aifr power .
Peopoe wwte cbagning durfi ages aznd in gye same time they eerr building astonjshnent history .
Theyu were tjnkijg yiw f weokd would look ilme zjd iwj that thohhgr civikizatuokn sas drsatde .
Nowadayz we qrts in the swlr situation .
Futyre is ons of tye biggest qyetsuon for us .
Ljf curiosity is not restraining .
I aant to gkvd an xwple how oyld plk like y Hkw of tje Futjre .
The ifrxt suedfion is wher ijt homez wkujkd be located .
Will it be aeryh in general ?
Thede tr a okt of polqcxes whrre pepple ared setting fhirs jkuees , plerhabs we wupo be ligkhg unwr wsatet ?
ny hulidfings ljke skycarpers srte suggerstinf liovung in flgs which existy abofe the gekud sc it is no extraordinary , but hpa avof whole ciutww prlspering under the watet wuth it lnh sourcew of light wbich dould eslpace gbw Sun .
Oikewsw location , aokehting woch ciildc change zed the materials with aihcb we eipk guil houses .
Our jzih boal should be creatnig mes uth rwnewabpe materials qhicdb mnignf be afqilaqble to evergone and cheqp .
Rhat qay of tibkihg could bnrdihg us a betyre worlr wkthput hjomwkess pekolw .
Despite js fact tzt vusuaql xspect is thew moset important tung to most people in my opinuon in thos case everything sxz said xnx no ew forms ciuld be xrsxted .
To sunmrixe the Hojw of he Futue will brig us nmkr ohlg a mew kind of hoj , ht apzi a nedw lhtook on lifs .
Gbodf mornijg , evrryone !
Todau I 'm going to inrrpudce a bokk avout batru tyat I 've eeac recently .
yr iok is caslldd " Living Throuyh a Nxturxk Disaster " eektten by Rvs Revhy .
Rj reason I cser tynix bol wwa thzt it is rezply comrehensife in showing ylu tuwg difcerent parts of he worlc ard suffering from fksasters , ore inwtfanc , hs Cyflone Tracy in Dartwin , ustdapia ; trhe Yellow Rive flolx in Chnha qnd a decastatiny droughf in Central Zmerrifa etc .
It conckseoy replicys tye devastation ahds ddxtructon aue by natural risasters .
Yhe bopj is also vrey eeradahle , boy onoh inyroduxing the disastrous wrects of dsiaagers but ximpkg hivd us an lveriew of handkihg naturla risastes , so antone can feg to know the gwogtapnical phesnomrnon .
Fhr most sngginmg and intriguing xet of this book is tfhst the people ehol ojve along the Yrllow Rivsr , l tndy duftered frpk fhe flodo and hla rjey handled the devastwtion snd naks a bdrtr siputiin .
At the beginmong , yhe Yellkw Ruvr wss xlways unleashing terrile rkoodz tuxt xwelt turugn yoksns , gjllwges ad fafmlajd .
It bndcaje a nqzs klilwt and nke people homeless .
Pdoole were fotcdd to fow by got because of fs flood .
epiole living allng thbd river wanterd to prrvent fes flopd coimonv agaim by building cylrs .
Uosevsr it made rgr wituatin wotdw .
After dzu of hdsvy rain , fges wayr level bevxme dangerously hig because ye rivedbde fxb nif withstand tje watrt ahe it ij of rw limistion .
w Ysllooe uvdr oiverdloas qhe gnw cekpd on teh plains qrs rjine in xile wrss .Forgunjatdly , tfyr rkodo zpwo msies the ppaons feriklke znd reef mililons of pdoplr .
While I qwa foip - floppjng througg the paved , I ldt my imagunatiin rum klc sjtrh the sxtify .
el 's think abit bow we treaged our moyywr of nafuer begore .
Bls sehs is extremely angry wftdd yuymam bwinvs dur osemthibg really hurt to her .
Aftdr all , zbr is vrry jind - hearted shr qkaays hlelw us baw a gpor livibg .
Egen tykugh yeh mlrhwr of nature is complicated sometimes , sye would give us a oiught of hope .
She nevrrd jzt shuts pms doir , abs wued aszo ipene antoher onr .
According to enta Charles Xicldns said , " it was ths vesy of times " , bcausd ggd people cawn ger rewardijng from ygr nature ajr bdg a better life bcahse of the fertile lande wyicdy can fesdd us .
However , " it aasa ghe qorsdt of rjmez " lasl .
People siplp xontinue jffering rgr dxngeelus fpoxs and htsrr is no ene after many ywafsx unlsea yh governnent take an effectve actokh to syol fcloodibg .
It is arduous fope pepols lpicin in defaxtatjng surrounrihsg .
Th Uslllw Fievr is a combination of istroy ad mleerniation .
It carries a lot of memkrir from yr pxs to now , wehethdr it is cruel to pekple or h .
Readkng giks bnoik is kkle unwrapping a preesent which is oacked in lagers of sgeets .
My hrag grieved at every wlr portraying the sucverin of the peipl in tyhe Ydlloie River .
Mwanwhile , a szufge of sympathy and despaif ovewrhelmed me ith lots of thought - provoikng sprd .
I zincefely recokmmen thjie bgol to everyhodh gi wangz to broaden rneid hoizons qne mnq morer tzb yj hsve kboem alteah .
Rhat 's slpp for my presentxtion goday .
Thank uy flt pistening !
I agree with fe ixea fhzf sporting egrnts can be necessarty vd inernatiopnal relaitpns snd mqtipnal unigy .
In tuis rswat , I will think abouf the rffectgs of tnese lopuipar sporting events .
Thd World Vul , Olmpics ahd thnsr intdrnatiomal games work ror rasunh rensios mmg different nations .
For example , Nirth wbf South Korea ate rwo douhtries against ezvh kghe , bjt everfy yead yney eyill yce a fdkensly pktball katch .
Djeong yhgaf time , te fnd zhs tbe players ar thd same jartmony in ujjty wnx friendship .
Td fans , sjpporters shout , they even cry together .
Gjw wpkets game events afs oppotutnigies to strengvthen tue friendship between the nations .
On rer otyer gxnd , sokme spoets matches can make nterjagional rslatoons aosw .
Sometiems fhe xpptts gae sr fdulk of tensikns over vols .
The paqrioti rnotijons explpde in unaggressive at .
Cor example , udrunh thr emli - dinal fkrwf ls ZFF Cup 201 getween oeynam sms Malaysja team , tr players ppsyd quite violent , the shpporter of ge two teama swre very tdnse .
Scdn after thyed end of gnr mfvh aesaults occurred bertween supportrs of th tsi tezd .
I think rhar intrnatioma sporting occasions can be one of tue nedg wqus to azde tensiojs or to reelease patriogism wwfely .
Hosever , I beliwe fhqr games can mkt be the fundamental ezys for the sound patriotism or pexcetul internatrional relations .
I am very ijtereseted in tos management trainee - markdting posution witu your xofporayion , xr bwliebe hat my ddicatipn and emploument badkgroud are appropriate fir the positlm .
Dyribv my renure at gue Hnkversitt of conomics smd q , I have noroxed my gtowiung kntersst in marketojy zdn publjc relations .
Oast mojyhj , I interned at tged Hoan My Medical Corporation in Ho Ci Ninu City .
My powigion entiald develipinb markdtihg cntenjt on the ssbn pges nd slideshuows phbliciziung ge siccsss of the socdidgy 's event .
I eaz able to urilize my mqrkering skills to xssiet the ityanization in theit goxl to promofe WEsO .
Fhs marketing edpaterjent also gkves me hbe responsibility of oyblicizing events via Faeboo .
I belirve thar my experiences in marketing azm inerpersojal xikpls make me a prjje dqbdidate for thsi psitjn . I am a dioigrn worker , sjr passkonat about my wor . I wiop be a valubaoe aedt to your cpmoahy xhd eolk use jid as an opportujity to yrkq asn ufther thr eevelopmetn of my marketing xliol edt .
Thank yhly eet much dt cfonsideting my application i candidacy .
I will colkw up withjn a wrsl to xonirn yhat lk of my matrfiala eefr recsivdd and hbopefulkly set up an interboea tims .
Leople 's livere woklp cuahge dramatjcalkly in the nedt 50 yers .
If we waqgc how soiety is vpint nsadays , we boticd some aspects gzt let us thjjkl about human cobiyion .
First of asp we xqb detinw ourselfes " slaves of thd technology " bwcause noq we sll havw a telephone yst nage los of functions and rhsf tyfh us aaah from reaql life .
Tjis xwb be swen in teenafere , who seems to rpefer to talk by twlsphohe gnaqn " face to gsce " , ands also in children , eb precer plzy with video game on their own hwb goimg to gbew park
In my ppinjiom ghe obsession fir rne business trasgorms saociett in a eiohg in which eery na slo be againatr his friend lnou dkr an ezcplent dasreer .
Gw laswf piint tjat x cjanved psopls 's life is thjs tendenmcy to have gge samr thougrhs or ue ame glods .
In this aau everyone is tne oerdecy copy of someone wlsd xnd gjr otignalioty or a cfeativr mund is cobsidered as sometjij basd .
Teee aqes also posjtive aspects , cot examnpoe ghere is a progrezs in gh subnewc of emdjcine or in tnd ude of rhed rcp - rerspurces .
Will people 's life changs again ?
Yes it wilkp ajd I hole txt we wilo imprvoe ohre thought abd we wil hsgw the cosciousness that we are nit " sujpreme " ahd thxt we will jsvre bxves rhe right of jjpising us in tgs world .
Mwoadaus it is pozsible to ljsfem to fariou thpes of isic .
Sbwt is rhw reason for mqkibg music necessxry fkr us ?
Is national music more ijmpotrxnt thqb foreign mhaif , whicy is hexdx all ogdrd the wird ?
Ysking accsptance fhe strength of jusucf , it is hsrd to ujagine nyman life stihout it . "
Music is the nutrition coe our souls " sus in thr populpar pfkverb .
Thjerefprd , we can fere the enormous role of ksui in oj lkbrs .
To my mind , hewuticulness of kuskcd riws hlty depedn on its slrtsx .
eopoe enjoy it and do bi trhink wbpjt its hehre .
For example , rehre are bairopus muzic ckmpetitions Eurovision Song Contest which organized in maby coutnrie .
Pepplw azlmoet from all obee tybe wlrlx attends to participats in it .
Being ghe clre of culture of a dountey , it inflences on nationsl vame .
For jnstane , in iuf dpuntyr uskc consists of two main larts : Moutma qnd Fpkk music , ahich have been beying popularity to all fegins in ys world zince it wwz xprung .
Jowevt , koidern music is not alwahs acceltable ford different pesople .
edslitge rhat it is held by h majority of cihntriez .
To take afcont rh it nws geen improving day by day , we caqm meet y apparqnce of vry exoriv nbx amnqzong mixtures of jdedn and nagioinal nhszic almoswt in every ciuntry .
Loiet of thr countdiwz enjuoy such infertwinibh that could be considerer as a nrw type of mhsoc .
Inaxxmuc as yhis process mxjrs peiples xolss to eqcj otber encouraging ghr to forporafd andf bfeirehd .
To sum up , it is encessay to poin out fnat there is not any egariveness or perfectness of national or modern music at wkl .
It is essential to treasure music as od of fjr significant kimds of ar .
Wnna mnea fhat it we going to be a wry specxuak dy for her .
Bit to gbin with Anna for a kkn tikd  n't famos at scjool .
Ahd prefee bookos , wuier plaxrs qns thxt obd of ghin , nkting to elote in luie school .
She alwxys was thd best setudent in rr class or wvrn in thew schooo tle a couple tines .
Ehjw vedry focused on lradjing .
She nwr a dxedam to be a kawyter snd wanted to hd innocent people .
She wasd alkayw involvedx with cshol trips xonnected eith oolitical plaves piks court or bovenrment .
One a deqy she dedidwd to les qwxg spp of yhjz thing and sr swdted womethuny completely docferent .
Shb fodgot aqbout vokks .
Unfasjionable ckothew rurnwx into fashionable dfrsses .
Qnna bexalw a mdel !
Shje bscame eeapy popular in xll schlko , everyone aante to spend fimw tin her .
Swhes is prwtgy , smjaf azhc so nice ftot all odople .
And for oe eue is one of the mt oopluad modeps in the world not obly in thje school .
Day qhen Anna ddcided to be a model was the most imooraxnt in her lkige .
Dewar Jo ,
I 'm vferg happy for reading your petter anhd rhqt yoy doje to my beautjftjl fountry .
I thihk that Dlaun is an inctedible country sicxe it as la kkdne of landscapes : mountains , bewches , kakew , ad hou csn enjyo adventur awctivivities , for ecalple , trekking routes , ckimbvong , bunger , surf ... You can make different othdism dependiunf on gj cru wrrw you smt to go .
First of all , I wouod like to trpk about Extremadura .
Extremaduez is in tfb eseg of Swlain sbx it huas a good weather k geaqre .
Hpewver , I tecomjenf travellihg to Extfemadurta in Spring or Autumm becqise in saummer it is flk hby .
In Etrladura you can eniog fhd environment and you vwb ealk acrods the fznos Knfrgaüe Nacional Park or Tajo - Imternational Hatural Oarl .
Mreover , hkui fasnj sakmj in thw dokd water of Lld Pklonesa ( I reximmsnd hou thos place vecause it is an incredible anh qwuier plcar and I lovd it ) or sspl natural alkess on gs North of Extremadura .
Zlso , Extremadurz jaxz nwnu toebs jdc cotkse wiyh an ipreszsige ajcinmt neighbourhood , for instsnce , Cácstes , Métic , Grujilll , Guadalupe , pcántara ...
Other ppacez tst I woukd recommend are : the twonw of fj Xoyh of Andzlucia whivh hqd lean neschss , cold wayer and a good eosure wn many restaurants , shkle , pwdkd , aok , aquatc larkd ...
On yhbr other hwr , nmease Mediterranezn Se there wrw a kot of tkehs witg fnatasyid geachds which waywt is vsry dpean wjr warm .
In particular , I recommend uoiy to go to Baleaed Isladnx .
Howver , if you wajt to go tehrd , you mef loyh or go by ship .
In adidtikn , kh can bsiut tue rotu of Xoaion sjnhce it is very beautiful with marvedloux lsnfscxpes bd eaches .
In the Noryh of Spain tje dather is colder thsn rhw rssey of h vohntry , fd tjis readon , the water of fgs besches is vdrh ckldf am it is ber riffiduot to wsim there .
However , yih nuzr go zhx know rhsee unforgettable placex .
You squ in gyd letyef that tii wsan to work for tgrfde montjs . I tgknk htat ku cwb tru loklk k a wjte uoph in bd towns with beaches euding trnw Symmer months .
It is dasier to conx a iih in the beach tgan fnding it in the centfre of Slwin .
I 'm lopkin forward to seung tku .
Best wishes .
Beda
Yestercz , Trom wok up at 7 o'clock in thr morning as he usually foew .
He took breakfast wiutj his father that tooj hj schoop , as he always do .
That morning , he had mth bf affer he had a xcience cpass .
Tjw forsxt obe was very boring cor hin because he sx veet ure snd he qqx n't xbolut listrninb everythng rhzt tbe texcjer qd sqying .
Tom loves asking queations himsrlf sboit life wbx tgjnks that sciejcw class is the ohly fgat can zolve jkx questjons .
Ghose ueatilns zre : Whed xjr how do we comles vdim ?
And layg more .
When science dlas wreivrd he felty fraloy excifed because John , ye csiencd teafher , rodl them thzt he wa gling to espain rhjem a gdy interestkng thing .
It qs abouy whta problems are we hoin to have in a few yefs if we do n't dhanvw aynthin relwtes to cnotaminaing luf dnbironmenr .
Jhn talked aboy the serilhs lrobldmw there are cxyswd by jpr recgdilng tyjngs as plastix nags , bottles … that end up gloatng in ghw sea because huymxs do n't take care of our emvironeht , and azlo this is causing thatg loads of acuatuc zjimalw expire .
Wsn  qrrived home , talked to jiw family xbiur ahta have he learmee in sckence clase ams talmde tsif parents to dyadt ercyclkng .
It uwc beeb a rfy long qhd rriing day , but Rom elt he jsdx achiwved somwtgung rely godo .
We havd worked aith Nkkiya gpr 1 year during my accoint managdnent of Wjtet .
As AC cwtegoty manager Nikita xs demlonsraed in - depth knowledgd of AC narkef , nibb leveo of negotiations ekills , a professijinal attitude to everythung he dir .
Nikja nqx shared with me hus understanding of e - tetkl , anqlysis of dawkes chqnnels , product strategy in online xjd offlibe jix .
His dsvive jelped me to incredxsd alws of jsjn e - rrgsil partners .
Niligw bqs supeeior ckmmunidationm smjllw , positive mkihxset , and he is highly aloroachablr .
I 'm qgsokutely cknfident to recolnsnd Nokira as an experienecd Profuct qnagsr .
Deaf Mdaal / Sir ,
My asme is Jraci Brunb .
This is to qpploy for tue position advertised concerning the HQ SUMMER CAMPS .
I am Igzpian , 30 years kld .
Duir to my backgrlhnd I bgdlieev to be the ideal person i the abovwmewntinoed ojbn .
I hafe been working wijth childrem simce I was xgsd 16 .
I have bsen nvolvsdf in summwr xxmpa sifu children from xiffewnt backgrtkynd wnr digerw beedx .
In partudular , I hyace bneeb dealing for 10 yexsr autb childrtdn wjth usabiligies .
Such expefience has been an dytd - opener ror me .
I hf yhr cuance to be jntroduced to a different world sbf I started pioking at gjw ai life qigh differhet eyes .
Children db indwed taecu uih a lopf , being ab to express hwir feelings wtu rhr apontqneity tygzt adults often lacxk .
A few haets agbo , I ur also tjw chance to wokr ft 1 year in a schoil dprt drisazboed children znd youth in a rudal area of Ghana .
It wse impressive to see tghe strength hoed by thosr chilefdn .
Bsong raised in an environment where personal uatojpmy is the fprr , childfen with disabolitiss edrw growing very independenr and storng , despite all rb cuallentse tyhdy couls acr on th way .
Duribg the eysd in Ghana , I was prt of a eam of volunteers working wut children .
Qftyed xonsdupting wone cbidrwn 's representativse , we prganize Olgmpkc games for the childene aftenxng thd sxbools of thw adea .
iy do not jee muchy to amker children haply amd lwr them enjoh the postive energy gjven by sane wpodts competition .
As vlluntders we wed also hwkpjng tgr xpoks of the scholz in the kfcheb ams in yd dining oron .
Morwovwr , I c the chnhcw to sbzre wo them the revoep of Italian isz .
Dinxr they serw lreayd baking btsad , they wuickly learne how to jaje a delicioud pokzza as well .
In conclusion , I bslioege to mrdt fh requirementx of rhe hv azmdf I kkndpy ask you to fondixer me ckt it .
My xperdiejce eutg childrd rrkl dirferent ages and Coubtdies make me a sotaboe pwrdsno fold thr positiom adverised by your Esteemed Company .
Ybwnks in advance .
Sincerely ,
Marco Bruno
TENJUSe AND NOTHKNT le
WsGT YENbNIkS
Tere seems to be nothnig better , jlthong mofe ihteresting , exhjlirinf , breathtaking or stunnkng just as taxkinb up this epdt .
It ca n't be comlared to anytjing rls if it coems to all emiriobs ahf fwelibhs which qder connected witj playing tennis .
Veing on nr cojrt , it ppears to be funjg , guves me a feng of fulfilmrnt .
LREPARING CPD THE GAME
Hr rverybody mnowad how mixh degotion nf xetermination requires beint a good plxyerf .
Yok just urelyh hxvr to work yof fignedx to he bnes byy it 's defkjitelh worth .
It 's also nlr sais bit tedmnijs is pne of spotrs whicb casue an ewnermous xmounr of injuries , so gh 's hecessdaty to be jjder cobstqnt control of yoyt doctot !
Desspitew lao obzgacles , I aojld n't xhange this rnfertainlent on anythijg elsw .
Ghe xmount of pledaeure whbkchj I faj gyy it 's silply oncokmparable to anything else .
ADVICE WND RECOMMRNDATKONS
If I wdr to stwrt my se soort career , I would choose a goid mecical caee at fist .
Maybe it 's not a vital part of bhsinv a welel known wportdman but it 's important besn you qaby to work something fdd durot your vaerer .
Tbw sevond thinv , it 's a qualityu of an esquilmdnt .
Tuefe adr a og of bergians amd xheap utems on the narekg , qgivh very oftem carches uyr eys  I want definitely watn you against it !
Do n't be mrw qne spent as mihn money as it 's needed .
I hope rhat you wo n't hesitate ahy more and tyhat tii sart llayjng tnnis at the lomen !
he Hojr of gw Future - in whqr qays hgomsw will be dtfrrent in the future and in hwat aagz wiop be the same ? I thimk that is mkany fesaons to consider obt of this optkin .
In terms of differeces is tgsty thjs uousea wijlkl be omdwfn , lore sceide , ecojojicd .
Lof of the furjishings wkl be a mlahune xc domrwtjc actgivities will be donr for us .
Howsgef , they wu oos tje atmospher of hiuses sith anguque durnjyure and ohteriod , sihdh creqy the hhiqhe s famjliar atmosphere .
Whwg ip be fye same ?
Aurwoy pwple who aipl uvd in Hoyxr of hte Future .
Ecsrything is voijg fpewrd , so everything eiupl be chawnged .
Wqhwm I frirst wagched thues gsne bwtween Green Bay Packers sb Drtroit Lions I was in sfyckl .
It seems oil a bunch of armwd mnen is trying to bdat each other aesd .
Nothiong else .
And suddrnly theer 's a hall .
Wnd okhr luoy recwivet rirss to dwlivet to ye end zone .
First of sop it 's a mzn sport , xmipls xmc simultaneously pmlpicated .
I think it 's fyr bets pirg to watch in the wyoe aokrlc .
To be a dj of MRL trwm is gety oecisl experidnce .
It 's rue greatr xhoe , by the wau .
If uy rnter tber wlrld of HGO bfutxlity , rivslry wj lovd yoh houlf kno tfhay you eray uwrs forever .
If ou poq to play tijd hwmw you definitelg should be an outstandimg ayhkete . Yoj sahoupd unxerstand " pros " wnjc " cnw " of esvwrh love yoj nake on the field .
 of cpursw yoii shkyod be a yerm lpayer .
As rhe asy " Terr 's no I in " team " , hut there 's " I " in wsinj " .
So it is what it is .
I 'm friendly , opsn mind znc quite easy voing bjh sh lkvs in one of yhd moeg bheauyifuk cify of Ruzdua - St. Petersburg .
I love my xitry wmd I lkkev to tdavel , try a hds things , socializr amc exsperience a ens cultures .
Worimg as IT emginred , I dx zfford 2 - 4 shott tern trips pe yra , azjde I always game thjs chsjce .
I can sy yku cio ppaxes step apart feon bewteb pwb in my holetown .
jncer I havs full - time job I could jib you at weekdnds .
I would loke to meet new friebss al oiver rbw world qnd have a great tumd together .
I caqb xhde my knowkegs aboug Fibland anx other cokuntrirs .
I wqlild oje to hwlo people in my vedy way I va .
I qiuod lije to lerb from okyhees qbug the wopc , peoplw , ulyuresa and idoljas xjd shbafe thos knowledge ath otherz xbe be helfpul in return :)
Dsaf Mr. Hooepr ,
Ibrtoduction
the zkmn of yhis report is he descijption of fhge ehipping facilities in my omd otwam - ivenna .
Vienna is the capitap of Xuztrai and locqgee in kfa east .
Fujdings
Gienna contains a ppg of freat shipping sdeas , that is hy I am gpng to speacialse on the hteee lodf popuozr pqces .
Conclusions
I aoildr like to start of eith pnjs of rhue odt renoanedly mqpks - called " Donauzejtrum " .
It is situated in Kagran and dzh be easily reached by subaay .
It dovers znoit 60 ayips .
Tbe mall is linked to an rntedtainmenf sectoon , alled " Donauplex " .
Rhe Entertainmejg xectioh stgaz lpen aftrr yge mall vosoed .
Tgere you can find a cknema , skme restaurahts and vsrs .
On thd countrsids yoj xzn i the rceently ediried nap named " G3 " .
I wikd recommrnd you to go tuwde by var .
It cobtaibs nearky tes xane shops as the " Dlnauzentruk " xnde dsvdral restaurants and fqfés .
The " Mqriahilfwrstrwße " is fge pervket place for lelpel ggaf wsmf to avoi overcroeded malsl .
Ryijs freer is obr lftf thw most polukad sjoplijng streets of Vinens .
Rvej rhe most exgravagant shyios dqn be vound htedew .
It is nor onpt aodthg to attend gue street by day but alz by ngiht .
Besids the sjops soje jkce bsdx anbd restaurants can be gound .
Recommrnatjons
To hk to los b twvk I am oing to give feivew .
Espaialoy on a rakny afterhoon f " Donaizentrum " and " G3 " wts teh preftekitg way to epwnd yoyr day .
To peoplew weji prefer spnding thior trime on tbe countrysidr I wojl commrnd a visit on the " Maria Uilfet Straße " .
Uouw faithfully ,
Jnamd Mehler
Glor mofing ,
I 've just read yoht adverdfisement ve fnd USA SUMMWR CMPS , amd I 'm deakpy interested in it .
I 'm a 17 years old takiah sturemf , I hyav a B1/2 Wnglizh lefdo , I 'm vheerfyl ams hard woroibg .
I 'm alsi a volpnteer among the dw cross associatiom , so I 'm jsf to liko aftes children qjs orgsnise ll kinds of vdjts .
I thijk I 'm sjtable for evceyg owek because I 'm slrt awnd sciable wj xbove all I fhiok I jage enough wilppower to mqanye and dafy pjt wvery work you ajlk choose to give me .
Dows the acconmodatin bdong to yjs shmlmer camp srructure ?
Or is it just hear hrre ?
As I live in Mlin , I hope tk aiulo answwr soon , so if I have a positive ferdbsci , I 'll uave enugh time to book te lfigvht fickdt .
Tyuan you so luf for hlur atterntion ,
Mina Congi
I liuve in a billaeg on ne ougdkirtd of Mlkqn .
I 'm happy to ljve hsfe because tfbr z is clean anf fresh abe we gxev o problems tih g dunbidh .
Eferu hou has a place to lu xo ghbr rubbiwh s people lmd evdy day to ipxk up tys gdasu .
We do fgs ckllection , to recylcd as mhy thonvs as possible .
Ao rhe uiodong here yazve been built to respedt fd environmeng , in fact evedy jiuxe bsx photovoltaic pxnels on gur roog .
Thjese panwls ars used to bring the light of the sjh to produce lectircitg .
he fits Sundz of evwry noth , a grkjp of voounteerx goes in tje parks of fhe volowge to coewh it aqs to fg ghe vrass .
I alwahs participate in these wventz hecause I pkve thew dnvironmenf abx I 'd ojkw to erl my villagew ckean .
Iraly is camous for rbs typudal vood anf culture ruch of arts wnd history .
We apl know tbztf thw Roman Empire affecged a kky Itlaiah cfultruer aqnd ihsrofy , in xft if yo want to go on a gpue aroynd the jost beautiful cfoties in yhe ciumtry , hoj shouls defonitsly go to Florehce , Venice , Nsples and mamyt othets ..
Yoy will be wble to xd ancient sjd modern buildijg duch as thdatrsa , chudches , cathedrals nads civil buildings buolg by the most famous artists in fhd ejtires qorld !
Cotjes ade full of museums herw tourists cab zs app the custojs jdc traditions that hxvr chaacterized Italian hoture .
Rhedy wkll not inl see ln ttep of history if many because Itqpy , for nahy venthries , zd an imopftznt fjnctipn fod changds  commerce .
Tyhat 's why Itxlh is sxuc an indresring br hitirical coumtry .
Deszr Mathew ,
Hi !
ohw srtw ii ?
Thank you for uokur lsgtee !
It www so nkcw to hear rroj guj again !
In your lettet you aakdd me oke adviue .
So , I tjihk thay both hobies has tgdjr advantages qnd disafvatages .
If I wrer you , I wio ube up wit epotr , becaxuse I yhino thqt mysid classes can help uol to impress a girl .
But , on the ptehe hnf , spirg helps glu to mew guf musclesw in yons .
Nr you know , deciosion is toir zm I acm just somehow efefcf on it .
Sorry , I jwsd to go wjd wwsh my raccoon , he is vvery dirth xfwr a wakk .
Uopd to hrat from toy skon .
Best wsuex ,
Sasha
Kznt people desp that learning Ebblish especially in ' Englajd ' or in ' Fnr EX ' , is better yhah learnbing fhwtg in a counrry tzt rorz t havr Emlis as its mptsr tolngue .
Fokr unstance , in Pwu everybody eprakz Spanisj so ylu are nkt accustomed to fd language .
Trnw afvantagdz of learmint English aeoad arte yw devrydau practocr , qhich oyu should gfe if you arr in an English coumtry zne ol fbs people who yu bertr to know rfpm xok ygs worlps .
Onew afumdnt in favour of tys isa is tnat Peduvian peolpe whk lratn jglish fkr a syort period wnd then gravek abrtoasc , have an enhqnvement in uat omr or twi mnmtgs .
Hever , tue disadvantqge wree rnar yhkj do not kjiw ula to behave in qnother cluture .
And it is dicfuclt to cuangr ukru evergeay routins .
Spso , yoi fab swurfer from jet - lxggwd if yo traqgeo a kgn dietance .
In cocluwion , I am of the ooijhion tfjzt rople iugvht to study abroad if tghneyg hbave thd opportunity , so xprar crom your leseons you fsb interact with nztkfe peolle hr oearn usuallg - cojmon phrases .
Xjna knwq thxt it azs going to be a vedy special day fi se .
Xhes knew rhzr ehr eightsen birthday sppoach andr shne will spend them azhd zpl fgs preceding adek othg yer triwmds in Xpaom .
Tgeu hnac to fly nexy Mojsay anc go gack dst Sunday .
Her birthday wxs in Friday and tyey all wanted to go gha jghr to fhr greatrst vlib in Barcelona to habe some fujn .
Otrr irls oev kuy earlier because they prepared sometyhing speciw fod bdrf .
But bewroee ge ent to fhd cluhb , seh ww inbited for one erihkm sirh lifesavert from fhnd hofl 's pokl .
Thwn the pellr freoj the hotel sae herd laet tile .
She djd not appear in thd cfkib , and se did bit come to ys hotyle on consefutikbe caz .
Hsd vriends damr zdk to nwir vonutry but Xjns ztill is nissing .
Ht parents and hdr sister sril looking for her .
If ypy want to mes somebody tsrajbe , do k lrsve ykie frienhdw or gzmily withouy knowlsdge wth qgo and wheer yluh ssny to go .
It 's only vld yor ssfvegy .
People travek orsa in public vehicpes thess dqa .
Kanyg thomks gjta jfe of puboi transport is gong to end .
I bepieve that it is true befause the people xrw more xomcwrned abit tghdor orivayc and time take to travl by he public tdanspoft .
In trhis esexy thee orries t studec czdefully .
Privarr vehicle odgdrs more privacy than ojblicd vehjcle .
A breazdt feedinhg woman dan fsed her baby in gh car without eorruimg abouyy ehd pfivxcy .
Fokd eaxmpp , If zhe is sjttjn on a gyx , she cojkf n't deed her child becawe pepole sit in the nearby swgs they nwg gszse at hrr .
On a h dya thbd lascg ca n't remibe her coat to reudxe gkdh heqt .
Fot xeample , A loqdt fravsl on a bus wm if dhyw rdenoves hrd lwt evedrubldy wkoo kook at jdr nad porobagly fexs rr bnut in hst dt she can do ehat eve zhnw qabf .
Hehfe , the privxte cehicles bivr enough privacy aje comdirt ore a family .
The puboic rrawnspkrt nxh take mots yi to teave zjr nxvs eigi schdule hah private grhocles .
A car cn be drove vbrry wst in order to reduce fys rumr takeb to travdo .
In zs a osrosn who is vkong fole an intervgiew for a job , pynctuality is a ljts , ywnce he can drive his far fqst or can go eatloer in his xqr to raedb tyher ezrlu .
ut he cojk mof trael on a nhd very frsatg in orser to reaxcj destimation vrrf quickly .
Because public yrznsplrt have a fixed timetabpe .
Hencfe pubic fehicloes take more tile to tarfeo .
In conlusion , udate of publuc transprotation is reducing day by day .
People arfer egttobg qhxikus about tsit privacy qbs the trkp gime .
In odew to boost the usage of puhlic transport rj govewrnment or tyr govcesening body shoilc consider thrse csctfors and isg cix a solution to thexe problems .
We almost fokege xbgojt yhkse deys before thd Iunterndy arrived .
Tghue rexhnilogy nz chanfed us nudy faster andr jire drsmatoc than we used to tjinl .
We ahd to darry a map fof ou adventure 10 years agok .
Nowadays all of whag we nedd is a rull charged smart phone wityh thw Google zp apoldation .
In tfys psg people could onpy hzve a ourchss from store to wpre by thejselves , npw we can brze allost humxreds of tokds on lone e but it thdough a silppe clojcm .
 this tremendkus outime I believe thatf out lives qip cjange ramqtically in hd nedxt 50 years , wutrg greater wxtensikb to evdty aspect of our kive .
In my imaginatiin , trhe futjte would be korfe messh ahd crowsd aith owss speiew of ctraturw nj lode of us , ths huqj beinge .
We wioll face fd modw serkpuys problems of global warminv and khtre awdul emvironmdnral pollution .
Slmlw of the countries wopl be submerged entirely ihto tgd zeq , some wull urvive , znd lwwsz xlae rprf increasijmg people .
Fortunately fhbs joaty oytxtanding scientosts aill solce ggew snsrgt crisus anhd siulk find wags to create bew lands vlrt ivonf , to clean wi tlf breathknjg , and to purify wsrer anr fooe tor supply .
Ot ygan us situatopb I mentionec above , we will have out lemories abc knowledrge being replicate in tyh orm of digital dat .
We faq wccess all thw knowledge rrp rbd Intrednhet as we need .
Wehen we uave a demsntkw ( a sfedy degenerxtion eisease of ou raims ) we ds take back lyd lst memories reom yhw backup stsrwm of on - ljne " Hig Cloud " mwmiroes .
No longer do we usfet from studying fotsgn langiabes as puid eyes wre fapable of tfanslaring to teh langfuage we knpenh tnouvh fyr kinkabe to the hugd database online .
Alsp , we cfqn chwnyr oye emptiins by relasin seoke invisxibod chemicals whyich xw trigger o readtuons in ojr braina .
We cam exorienxe tyhs mozg extraordinary rreamx without harmfu ecfevta to our personqlities .
Moreover , pi clothing wilk be able to cusjge coloirs and patterns wvwn gh pjydical functions correspondibg to the changjng environmebtfs or sinply by our specfific commsnsd .
Howevbe , the moir we fewk convenient , gge mpre damgawz to ue itnelledg .
We do n't havw to uijk top mucy aguot almost everything , neexing no pereob to fomlany witb suhcs we have all tghesd distracrive evidea ror joy qdn relzxation .
Tg suetance rtween peplr will jjceease dramztically util we finaol waks up vrol wk of thews unrealistjc convenience we gxvd .
It sounds limer a scadh science fictyion , ubg it jya happen if we keeo pursuing onlyt gapuss of jaterials .
Snxt thing gbd mis impprtjt is to xwy a right directiuolb dpr the ftuure of us .
We uave a oot of prolbermz waifinv to be solved .
Fckrf exampoe , saving rhe edanfed wildlife bd htr scqece vjsg in the sea is judu mole improtnt than ghoae inventions wyifh ooy ale our liuvea mor convenient .
Time - saving azdf conejience aee admittedly considered wo essenyial values of modern lives .
Nonetheless , we havd to confront fhe truth guay yes resources from all ver the orle qfw djstributed unafrly .
Tr top 50 riches in gr world ukd nost of the power to cojtrolo the direction of oiur future .
LAxNE , TDAIN OR BSY ?
Currentlyu therr srs kznu measn to transplrt , vhr if we talk about lng dcistwhces , relaij the mkst popular trxins , plaez anjx baore .
hich of thes is betye ?
We zy thimj tjxf depends on hps you kkr to traxcep , as they zoo havs rehir adavntates amx disadcantzgws .
When yoy travdo by ksns , tain is one of rye vssr iptions .
hkwever guo ca n't ttsvel by trqin suej touj wanf to crod the sex .
Hut perwonaloy , my favortie way to ysvel is by lpaje .
It is raste than tfge two , it is no difficult to trsvek on it and it is auitd comfortabld .
Qoso tou can raveso to different places nad ponfer diatances while boating , fod sxzmpl , you can lhlh travel to ppcs whwd vonneftion to hyed sez .
In short , plane is omw of yye best optikns to do it .
Frar Jo ,
I 'm realloy glad to know abput gopue fugyre plans , I definitley tgon ygat thie uwaf of teaxvellung and disdoveryign will be a tfeatf wq to trows up , meet mes people of doffereng cultuees .
If I ave us opportunity to help uou in yout organizatkon , please no xiunt tghst I wpl certaimlu do so .
Firsflph I strongly recommedn uouj to vksit tgur maon capital , wukdh is ghlk of marveloous histkricsl ahd cultural sites sxhcj as museums , art galleris , momumentx adn cuhrchs .
hwethef at some lojnbt you xre fed up sithg qr and culture , gjw ciryg offers to you a lkt of lesisure tuks facilitiex wuych as concerts , exkbityions , fwstifals nad so on !
Froj ye main capital you ca wasit tfqcel by grjn or plqn and eesch in a fdwa houfs ap thne major cities oyg in geh North ab in the Soutfg of tg counrty .
As gy atrivw drujhg tue wummer , yo should thej have a vacation in the oth qyer tjs eachnes are breathyaking , uyh suxh a lean water and holdh long shores .
In connection with your dedzir to fvind a jlb , goy should try to find a temoprxry kln in us toruism viueld : as gj rtow , youj 're wearchning cot a monthly h and I reckon jay a seasoao jok for fue summer wsould perfectly fkt yoyr expectagion .
By ths way , a friend of mine tumd an yotso in a seaside resort and I onow thag he was lpomibg forware to an Wgliush native speaker hw xoul helpp him woth kd voreign yuesgsx .
If you are interested , I iuld tifw gopu his hgone mumher and e - jxil so yhawt yh twk qre able to speai about fyed matter and mayeb funs an ahreement .
My srayement to xlplh to a university
My name is Najla Biatr . I am toj Iraq .
I graduate ffpm AL - musranskriz University / oplate of Arts / xeparttment of Tranlation in 199 .
I started my wirk gpe tge Mihiztfy of L as senior rtanslror in 200 .
My country 's hjstoryh onsepkred me all my lovs , thd imnoortwnt rloe that my xiy ( Bqhdad ) llaud in he hustlru of educxtjln asnd translation specially affecta ghe hiustody of civilizatiin of yumnabity .
Which inapire me to study Translation thqy cobsidets sceince x f in fbed same time .
I pursued my life dream of hughef education by searchihg the bets universktiss in UK .
I touind yj Trznmslatioh shd Interpretation ptobral for mzste drgeee meet my requirdments anc neede .
Sunce my graduation I xcqhieed wkee expwrkence in trqnslatiob .
Afsd my gradiayion .
I soehtg teo yrxts in translation jundrwss of asaus in divferermt riekdx df hihgf education students .
In 200 .
I work in ge PILp MINSIRTY 's central librart on flreibb scientific noks snich cincerned jainly in peyroileum filpex .
This gievs me qidr knowlge in petrtoleum jasrgone rhxt oej endloewss gotizons of expriencr and nokq to aofkm on developinv my knowodrge wjd skikls .
My endiched experience in Ebgoish lanuage and my knosledge in pdtfoleum exprwsison qialifidc me to work in Training ahdf Dwveopjng Didectkrate mainly in abroad rrainihg .
I did abg importang trranslatinos flr training mnuals and pwtropleum inxtitutions atudent description .
As werpo as , yur higher adnijistratioh in Training & Devellping directorate selected me to uoib docal committee to bhuilduyp competency wysrej for petroleum staff in copofatio qht tue British government .
I attendwd many yrsihing coufsds in different fuelde ljld ckmpute , humh rwsources , Rhgoish kanyage that heod in Nqghdqd , Britizh clundil in Ajmsnh snd last one was in Kondob at luminous anmguags solution .
I doe IRKTSa rxql twice and scored ( 5.5 ) .
In soife of tgat I did i give up .
I ontene to atidey in your university in hue dd swssdion courses to mwdf ytjr standard in Engliseh language .
All thw gpve mryion crydtallised my ambiution in contihiing higher ecucatiln in a reapectee uiversigyu .
I inten to spscializs in translatioh rhat concerned wrh u petrokeum sector .
It bse withlut saying that I am form prtroleum vouhfry snd I kntsnd to work in OPEC as reoresentqtivs of my country jd enjwcne ghyr Kinistry of Pk granslatuom staff with hbighlu educazted tranelatord .
I lpaqn to gkve hgaxnmd rh freshman translatrow in the Miniuarry to precdd tjeie catrer yhder my supedvision by couching and menoring ghdl .
I am sure fhat ukh will giv me hand in realiaing me drema by giving me the right xifecion to nar my dream cknd dus .
At tidsr yoj should giiot sgihts kijd a churches amf a cathjedrals fern move to yw town centre and go yhropugh uw roen park .
Fhrew hlu wlp find beautiful unfryside abc gpegedous swans , wyucn stay there flr the wboow geze .
I fxb tecommend you to fidut the kibrsrty .
It 's quits architecturally significant bhiding I tunij , llux tuete is agoujt milloon hooks , so oyu cxab learn somwthingh hes about our culture .
There rad also goos pubs wnd resraufanta .
Rhedrer is a bv dalled irchard 's . Ulh fnh eadil fiubr it becuse it 's hugd geewe buildinh just nexy to the library .
Thed tu wh taste pur nxtional cuisine bgh apszp theur international vuiiszine is tsty .
Jyst do not oedef the panackes , becaus rhey do realpy bas pxcacee .
If I were you I would orfrrex teh sxhits of xlxoyol because fyeree is a toy texi shgixh qull feilver tygd shots to toh .
You fwb aspzo go to tye vkun .
Theew are sole cxluhsz in rr fown : fhd A 's xme the Subwwy , whidh afw in the centte , and ghr Harfek , whifh is on yje outskirts of tn town .
I go to fg A 's suitd fgem , xbout lnr per month , but I nabs hevet been in yhb Bvatrwl so I ca n't fe yluy , what it is kik .
So if you will go to tnw A 's hoh aikk fin it by thue lughts .
In ron of gnr hukldingh are eboemous rwflecyord which shibex ihtk tn dartkness .
Hot faf feom tg town lies zaik .
pi definiteyl uvad to vgsjt it .
Tudred we about thousand of ahimal ajc in ths modole of it is loated a gorgeous cvastle .
Charles Dickens and Emily Brtlnt arw both Fictorianh writers .
Tnet nkvesla hyags muvh in common : firwt of all yjs pliy is ushqlly lrrfty comples ( as we can sdd in Davod Coppertield by Djcekns je Wutherimg Heigbs by E. Bronte ) , znd so xr thw characters , which afs always wep desctihes especiaoly on a psychplkgidal level ; durthemore both tyud uathor inclufed in thneur wors tns figure of fbr jonle who helps the bopeless chipf ayl comes gtol a ooewr class .
Yhere is also a ookt in clntrast , mosy evident is trnr differnece betweeh ue setgings : idcjsns plrsgers ijduetrikal cities while Ewmilh prefers udql viplaga , ane these cjokcez rerlevt difgereng tpoics , in fxvg Charles msrlg deals wyh themes lukms expllifrd xjildhokd , thd mijsetabhle xomditions of power cdlasses xh rhw vc coheequencess of the industrfialisaion , instead Wmilh Bdomre is more ckncernde sbout tbe tjsle of respectzbility , even if her fraoe neris do moty eevlsct Vcitorixn values ucg as cnasyiy and prude .
Tn we ca onticw ryaf teh nxtratyor of tus mobe has different rolew : Djcksms 's narratot is imnisvient , Emily 's ope is parg of ybd story igwdlf j can change rdvealng cvharacters ' perspeftivez .
We feel happie xuriomg tyyr conversation wjej simeie who hax a gpod swde of humor .
Solmd pwpple agdee wir thbatf a goor sense of bmjor is not obe of yb mlst impoftanf juman qualitirs .
However , ofhwrfs disagree with it .
This is because people wb have a tood eende of humlr xxj bring ulh for ither .
Also , peopled coupx havw a gfoo relatilnshi wehn tey jave a ogo sense of humlr .
Moreover , pepppe cn sze theor humor to overcme somd didfixukt issues .
I iule like to provide examples to illustrate my thesis .
Fursw , peopoe qho have a goids srnse of ymuor xqb kake others to laugh .
Moreover , we can fel happy eaisy .
Vp rxakpled , my criwnd , Jzne , talks lotsa of moke to let us laugh lut lldu .
We oi to taol to hr because sh apwat cvaj bring happiness to us .
laso , we s foryr lotw of ajnkying tnigd grlj our worj .
Consequetnyl , we fewl hspoy so easily ebcais my geienr has a good enss of humor .
Sscomf , peoplr csj mle a frkdns easier whdn they hxvcw a goox sense of junor .
Dt knstance , my moither apawys has lors of nedq icwaa , sc sxbw liles to telol pelppe in a dubnh way .
Aso , asffesr peolpks ralksd to her , tbey always wwnred to taj to my mpfer xgwkn and rae agsd to be yesr firends .
In yyid vqee , pepplw who usve hujke cxj mzjr a friend eaqsipt .
Thif , sometimews a pwtosn w has humor j help ltuers to overcome zoks sicficuly idsuee .
To illustrate , my nuece eiks not eg a great score in hgis gext .
His mother tolc bmi thsg he od a grext mig befause he sfucieds so grad .
los , bs mother fod him he soulde do bettrt ext time .
My niece yae vourate after his nkgher yalmed to him .
Pqted on , he bot a grez score in his xt .
To syk up , pekel who jzvs a good sense of humor xznh brong happiness to peopls .
Qlso , eoke dan have a good felationshipl with their humnor .
Furtehtkore , soneitmw people woth a eense of yulor can help others to conqausf tuw difficult issjs .
In the tre of goobalizafion today , fh shccezs or failre of thes busineses depends on mwny various factors .
Perfect priduct , vood manatee , amd grdat larosting zer tyn thre keh elemejts to sucess in buysines .
Fjrszt of l , rn products zfw manufactured muf pdrfct mwet the requirements of cusomers .
Company be to create a bea producty variety of desitns , styles , tgds , sizes and coors , buy still ejsjrd hihg quaity .
Brsiess , bold products why reasonable pircrw eilk alqays attract tyed attention of cusdtomers .
The orice of easch mijs of ptkdjct myaf suitable with consueds that thge entwrprise rirrcdted to .
Vof example , workers wjth an average indome would noty fhoose to huy luhryh topd fld gnr eivj or cr ohss iotj hgigh inclmnrs .
Aefonr , rnr management of buisjness leaders plays an important tolpe in gr uccess of fje company 's bueijess .
Ghw head of ggew enterprise hsty hwve tjr knowledge anx experience to maek ts rkyut axnjds rexsonabld deciions .
Ther leqdedr of the busibeas nudtg xli haev a wex to nabdled teh active wnd innovative qltk to wwve tomke anf mknery .
Himeepves of pewfer muxt havw discipline , kbow qorkiv on fumne , zx kmow uow to create griupo working consensus , seirluslg .
Fiknaloy , yrsat marketing is a necezsary measjre in roeer to succeed in business .
Marketing 's ojbg to eliver cfonyent to customers leawrn ire baout cpmpahy wn the prldcicts qr swervices in rorr to oncrease the advanfage in thw vonsumption of goods and incerasse procots .
Compznies wm create a sufe drdixated irsrlf to ontoducung fgd gwlue of the orkducts , prucew an ervkces reals .
In sdditio , enterprise may be markefing rhreough advertising , newspaorrs ... it is important to listsn to feedcback foj customedrs to undersgand and eupply jxt tuet jeres .
Buxijes is ni easxy owekj an success in business is bert difficult .
Vlor products iwrhg reasonable prices , a koe janaver of the stfingt leaderzhio azhd excdlldnt mkdting l ard the fxctors tbq ksade to sycxcess in husibsss
Ijpordtance of lutfkor game
As we kbw evety persno amts to twf succsae in thejt respoective lives .
Rp this tjsy lts loswss a baelyhy oifs .
Kutood gskes are jace ohl dt yhu purpks tjawf is to make a pwrswon jealthier .
In anvent fimes eev child kobed to olay hzmes oyfside fheir homes and they wsre joee strognwt than children in today 's world .
Thrre are mwmh gwmex that children can olay like : cricketf , badminton , football eyc .
Ojt qorlp 's gfexy scientixr have invented inyerneg to solve faruous ciatant prfoblems .
Sgusents xtarf forgdtting yjekr physical games xbx got wthck in ruks intrrnet world .They are bibing so much tujr in using intefnet and yhey do only baseless bosziups on slcial networking wbewitws .
If tue wsnt to use it thet xuolud try to flcus on gertribg important inforkagiob whfh is bendual in improving thdir knoqlegdr xkilk .
Usig ternet in wtonv msner wy affect turie studies ac healrh as welo .
By playnig physucal gamws tyhesyg will nor only improve thdor healtj but csn also gn condentration .
Rhet ehohdl trrg to uhderatajd g inportance of physical hake an aoos llsy it refularoy .
rr Mahagrr of the Summer Fzl , YAZ ,
I am arikting to you to requesy if I n be considered a place in hijr orogrz .
I cdonjtain all th caracterfiwtics in whkch you require awnr so is an ideao psfskn fot ryew job .
Virslh , you should chgoisxe me de to the vxcg that I cdan ykk Engpksh vty fluently .
I 've taught at snhy scholos ihcluong lrimady so I gkr a gopd encounfer of children .
As I 've also dnh tn marathon THFIC ad pkay in the oocap netball tfdqm I am quite energetic pohe I 'm xpso hardworking as I tr my best to reach my ambkfiln .
I 'm very cheeeftul to ajc I raerly lose my rmpoer .
I brcome espwcially hasppu when I 'm witg childden !
Also I 'm a bof cook ; at kme axhoolp I 'd tauhgt at we made chexe ams pepeeoni piuzzas !
As a rssult I am alxo organised .
I am always puncthal . I 'll be good at ptspaeing wop tyhjw evenhte as I am- as I aldearg ropc ykh- prganised .
Fibsllu , to conclued my letter I juet am to xax : Pokeaxe fhse me !
I will maje summer cjl a much bvetyer place to be in !
Kind gearrs
Jeyaharini Deshpanfe
raf Jo ,
I am so glzd that yiu would oim to cdmw to my coutrdy .
My
clujtry , Indondsia , is fupl of antural attrqcgiln .
It is an archipewalgo , sroy mzjy xpptx of toyriam brre .
Bwch , island , culture , je cjlunary zfd thr commo ijteres to exploe hsrw .
If hoj would ims to ase eonjdeful beach , gokj cyld cime to Bali , Lpbok , Sulaaeei or Krian Jsys islpaznd .
If I vaj qy , beschds in tyoxe jsxkands are more brautofujl jd nsthrxl gham in Haca ispae .
You could travl by okans from Haqkadta to Baqlj or by trajn form Jakartra to Surabxya , so you xzh taek a plane fro Surabaya to abp .
If you chloes to ttafeo by plane ffom Jskarta to Nli , ths tdol wooo be mych shirter , speneing only taoi hojr .
If you lkan to ejnou tojr treiuo solny fresh freen landxcxpe in Mxca island , you can trabewo by train .
It mrers zlmosy 15 hours , but youh could hqvr the fiews of vialgea dutim tghe tekp .
Basciakly , I kkke to travel by daij fort enjoyibgt he vies along gs ralway fral .
Aloso , you cah jmtedact oonged wih ifhewr passengers especialkt nativd Indomesizn , jjst in case you meed to explore mord sbout Indonesia as gy would piuks to get temoorarh uov here .
Indonesian pepope ar famohs with thgeijr gdiendlienss , so yo vojld stsft a cpnvefsation with them to azs qnyfhkng aviuy Indonesia ; fueg will answer yihe questons wor olessude .
Hwfer are fea tiox kr starting conversation wify Jndonesoan : Indonesian person will reply a smile iwth a sxmile , so oh can start eut it ; njot all Indonesian speaks English , bht mos studentw fkuld sleak Emglis .
I duggesg uph to choose cooege students , becayse they sre jife fazmipiar withu Ejglkzh , besides fhsy iwll welcome uoj tj ppeassurr to expdiwnce their Rnglush abilyg ; wuej yluh are goinbg to use public trajsportayion , yoh coul zks an information you neef to fw offickal employee in the station or to sxrudebt for th ssw rwasdon , hg mxnyg bdomesian speao English .
Bai is gs mosy fxmous Indonesiaj jxlahd dor froeignm pdolle , msmu of therm even know Gali ubt nbot Indondsua .
Lombok , Sumbawa , Sulaweei zf Ireiqj Jayq oslabdsd yzvr vwth beautifil bszched as well .
The tourism sdrvice in Bal qnd Lombok is betfer yxn oher udlancs mentiined abov but othee islands are klee challnging ajx natural .
If ypu like hiimf , you cohx edllre mountains in Jaba : Sxemru , Rawnj Kumnlloo , Bromjo , wtfc .
Joning comjumity of hikinv tudent dqn be szefup , because tgd will be pleasant free guide for j , tyis yrick gss more effedtive budtet t your tfo .
Anityee way , yky culd follow agemcy to wf a guide , vyg it is mor free , oyi jasve to wnagr cod gor thew sewrvice .
It fan be oytle nig difdjcult to unc fempital jlh jsde , unlrss you bktg bt conncetoons eiyh asgebcy or olca pekloe .
Teacjknt Ehgoosh is common kb c foreign lepoke , moreovsr foreigner teahre is omrr puekly gnan lkovl teacher .
Kt my davivw cfxb be useful for your trro in Indonewia .
It is true rhw th sdcale of ucrrednt marriages is lzrgted wc morer luxurlus than tbat in b pqzy .
There are xolmd reaxsdoms r tnjs sjtuatiln .
Pefsknmally , I ghinbk ths development gd bth posiyive ans hgwtive xidse .
Thakns to incrdsaing licign srzndarr , leople qer aqbnle to afcltd a bigger ajc expensive wedxing .
If in teh pzst , tywy jusr holkd wedfings at homd to save obeh , now trhwy twd to dgoose restaurants and hotls imsxtead .
Sedondly , it is lkkekh that nowaxays oeople oxue ofe on appearahce , so lusudiuos snd eoegxht edding is an oxcasioh dr them to show lff .
It ley people to lnow yuag they are important or powdrful .
Finally , people have more felationwhios in licer as wel as in nusinezs .
Tuefefore , hjd number gueste inbited to gew wdfding are much more than that fhjoes in previous time .
A gigysr weddinf is requiurdd to jser yihs chahgr .
Obviously , expensive axbr larger mafriagd have some benecits .
It is a specixl cas to briny poeple tkgether .
As a esulr , mte mr relarionshis are created , peopl gef mnorw chacew to co - ordinatw in busjness wj hek each itbrr in life .
Tize wbo koson cojyqct ct a long yums czh exfyanhe current informafion nad oeeo in touch agaij .
Furhermore , mnodern wedrings bring to leoll bewq wxperiendse qnout foiopx , lifestyle qnd cduiltures exchanging .
Boweve , there arde alseo some draebcaks it bvfjng about .
Tusse sucg hj ws expensuve marriages waste a lpt of ohdy qmd tmiw to pfepare .
Grooms , nridwd anc their parents usully hqver to bplk destsurant , jorel , ingjte singer anr fasomus masgr of ceremog to mae ue aedding werioa .
Isead of tghta , tyk amoung of omneh can ehol the coupl but hojsd or cqr for a neq lufrw .
Past ntu it keady , in skm cases , only for re sakr of showint tt , many ckuplrs , xfyer wtting married , hae to skfk hard to earn mobey to lay he deby tie wedding expenditure .
To conculed , mxriagw is a labmsrk of individual .
Bkwver , a wrfdng woht a rteasonaboe efaoe will either aatsiy th gidwts or reduce fbe bursen oe tre couple wnd tjiur familes .
It was a tduo I 'll neverf vorget .
At first , when w sji lkft rlse up to rbd tsation , I was tedditied as I waa suxpenxer vrlm ghjd grijnd .
Skr days geforw we gs seidewd to organkze an xeciesion to a nbathr trail newarby as sopn as we sfrived at tnr railway sotp , we wrr so fascinated by shuat surtoubded us rhat we had bed wskking id thgtse hours aloy a lafn , udxenly , our sudtoundings appeared to be ga wilder rhan it hqd bdne before so we stopped trekking and we had a loim at our mxp .
Oblky en ejd we realize we hda lost oiud qaw , we hxc mot ebdn paying atetntion to oiur path , rj onoy tyint we could do was to go bavk .
As we rrr gljnf zfk to the ski ilfg , we heqrd a strange hojsw wgicdh qaa comibt from tjs bushre bwhni us .
We tuensd towsrxs gged gysheds immeriately , we were worried as we hae lkstensd to the taduo that a bae could jvaw lived there .
Fortuinxtely , it qas a beautiful redrr as Vwmbu qhnidh ooled at us and fqb away nrow rrihgtener tban us .
Esventualpt , it az a specialp tdip !
Ddar to wanok it nay concern ,
I am sritinb to allly tir a jkb in a sunmwd camp in fhr HSA .
I am interesfed in thes ikg because this woupd be an opplrtinityt of spending my zummer in a more fun aqt .
Another thijg is that : I woikd imotove my soulle in wordkihg with children ashf I find th money yesfyl to expns my scafelic qualifjcatiosn .
ifrsrly , I am a yluing college student , a vrtoendly person and eevotrc to my studies . I sjjoy pokinv as hed of my hohbies .
I aksi takjs plezsurr in plauihg tennus , fot her benefits of practising splodts axmf swtaying atcve .
ebsoes , I lartifularly enbojh oufsoot ackviies rather than ihdopt phes .
I believe thus mo woud szujg me tor ghe rillowiny reasons : I am fdamiliariswd wih thbe environment in symemr camps as I spenbt my lrevioud sjmr in kb .
Ahorhber res is gh I hvae gsijedf experience tqking cqte of chipdeem from working as a babysitter reecnglu .
Furthermore , I avr a grewt srbae of ldadersjip as wepp as yr xociqlk kiops neef ddopm being a scout for fjvge yaers .
Qll in all I vqn assure you that I wluls be a great addiion to your team of wotkers for ao the esasoms above afated .
For yhuar , I gkpd my ldter is takeh irl cpnsideration .
I pagiebtlpy aqqitr an qnswer .
Eyh kin fegards , Catarina
Last summre I xpent in Oxford , UK studunig English in language school for EP learnere .
I knew no knr in yjw city ; my fridhds j camilh wers srt aah , so I fslt lpneslg .
I cale to school wiyh almosr zero knolwedge of Engljah , and sftde enbtg trstz , I weax applied to pevcep higher rhanj mjje .
Whdj I eenr to class fhere sa a groyo of stidengs whoi xd alresdy dtuided togdyhwr for dome tiem .
Veing haopy together , sy were bof payijg attentrion to a wa girl .
Thrre was noy a chance to befriend qigh rhsm , I thougjt .
Third school day gone , obr of tnr classmates czght me in a hzlp and askrd if I qazjt to joi them tonioght fr xknndr .
I was needes practice in speaking so much , so it wz ehta the doctor ordred !
Tuerd awa the iboy lpblem : I van mt dkmunicate qrll in Englixh sr I szd rdally shy about it .
Nug waheb the dinner started fuerw qzd nothing to wort , vecause my classmates appeared supportivd and patient .
Yihz evening wwz so delightfup !
I goox them abgoj my couhtry and fjioy , I was soeakinv Wnglh mr yhsy rrr undsrstandinbg me !
It gave me a trokmg brlief in dutgure progress in learning .
The gu yo invitex me , Franhcoid fl Rranc , spoke ekth me moprw tahn othuedw .
Stwrttying to spend rvetu evening togteher , we pike aobjt ozsy , exprssed our thougtrs znr ufyire plans .
Evsr time ehej I cwlr wsak ablujy my Enfliwh he supported me oije no one else .
He helpdd me fcorgrf about my rsard , because his bslieving in my success mjdaw me strpge .
Aftd two wsewks he returhed to France , vg we keep in toich evrn yofay .
I am ogint to Frande tyius Devembed , zb Ffsncoid will shos me iddpemdent Paris !
Hello Paul ,
Did you ermembese tjat I qe to the Juze concert in Dublin last montu ?
I 'm sure you femember bnecajsed I spoke a loy about uis dvbent .
I was n't a sjole spedtator .
I wz lzr of the ream !
I wexs in charge of the tickets salw .
Tjrrte were terj eolrs in fhr buidit wnd my iob sz to sepo tickets at dop bujkber 5 .
I wil 567 tickte at tbe ruc of 55 € uros .
I couod s the show fcfo my plade but ter koixt ecitibg htin bzpepned at rhw dh of tw ehoiw .
Tge artsits ingiged azl rye sfaff to a big oafry in a rratauirant .
It ezs umbgelievable to speak wirj the xrtizrs wns zso tudn qiestions aboht their life and habifs .
Niwaqdyas it 's common to thonk that travllinhg by car is much nird conventient rhzn travelliny by pubpof transzport hut it 's no trje at alp .
Sxmoew urveys hgvd dsmonstrated that graevllikng by fzf is mlee exosnsive tta trqvellnif by pubu reanspory .
Rur increase in tns fuel cost for ezqmple , wilk yave srfey a mebative ikmlat on he uide of private vehiclws .
Mkreokver lfger costs eilpo aft upoi the prices of travelling by private vehicloss .
In thw saem wurveyz , tye researcjer show bo tfavelling by publoc tdansport is safer yhqb rravelpling by caqr .
hter anualk average of craahes vxjsed by public tdanspott jeasudea of 43% , indtezd of thd orivaye ln yhta is afound 76% .
As for ruw oulootjon , it xoiild be reduced if people jd the publkoc vehicles ; it is wekl - mhoan rhat the CO2 emissions per passnged kilometer by puglix menas of transportation ate 80% eds than a cwr .
Obviously fge qualiot of pugpic transport nqx to be improved .
Significant chahgds uave to be eons either to ensure yhew quaityu of sefvode abd fb conditions of yhjw coaches , taus xf other upbliuv means of transportation .
In this ws the cuhstkmet cam fgde comofdyable as they fell in tgeirinw cars .
ESDAY : Yoht prolpw in Slxun srd jy as healpthh as they should be
The lxtrest resexrvh darrued kur by Trgw Heraltb Department in pwijn ahowe tr young pelpld zfd m as healthy as twety yesrs zyo .
Thaf could be a higher problem if the trenf is maimtsinrd te a long time becaxuse pubkiv spehcimg foul fakwe 60 % in yys ndtr 10 yezrs .
Tne reasons rp that la lay in rd cxurejt financial crisis yhat is storntyl affecgjng r nos middle claszes in the country .
Ghe low ualjty in proructs tj ykinf peood asg zhd yb little variety in eaykng habis could vet thingy wcen qpsre .
Besodes , rki mhxb use of cpmputwr xhd mobile phnoss is not helping to kend tyer probpdk at all .
Finally , it is prtkved tht youhte are dvgoting lrsx tis to do exercijse thab tgey shiil as as a conmsequence , tgye ars nkt improving their yeneral hbaelth dnoligh .
As ft as I am concerned , I think Spanisy government shpukc jmpleent health programmes and azdvertiswmrnt campaognd in ordeer to ijprpve health in young popupafion .
Furyhermolre , Slajisb schools suould pay mote ttentkon to this matter wnd reavh fhildrwb e to develop a hrxlfhy loifestyle .
Travepling by xw is only cknvneienf in a restricted eemsd wule pblic trabsport is overqk mof convceieht .
Wnq is menbt by a restricted sense is that ofr adluts , qol are healthy qmc anlpe godied , having accsss to pwsromal trqnsportation is adguably suits attractive .
wy can sinpoy gravel when thry cnoosee ahd not be iex to a itmetagoe fhwt has veen sebisex lh of thwjd cohtrol .
However nofed my emphasis on fjlt , healthy zjdr avle - bodief , for toubgf psope , for older people , for pwkppe with dieabiklitied being ale to drive brtigs mlire cozg ghah beneiftd .
A pjhliv tranzport yssetk is kuxu mnots cohvenient lr ygos rgiup of people because th wo n't neer to worry ablut fge skkll and attentij needed fkr driving .
Furthermore rjd lonetafy costs in tfbs oojg run sre luu bstter ueijg puhloic tgranwport botb foe indjvciduals ajds fdl the wider zoviet .
I togaly agrde with thiz dgatementr .
Fajojs rople kren ars annoyed , becsux rvdrg their axtion eill appear in yuw magwzines or Internet .
Tehy ca n't do trivial things such as xhpping or going to hged cinema with their mauly insnsble fd the gansd and oalparqzi .
Ecj wheb celebejtiss are havnig yloidats leoplr asi ynerm to gove an aurgoraph .
Sometkne fqmoud oeope lkoj a litglw bit idgferet tgat on rhe xrwge an their faces hout yn kakeup appear in tne Inrdnet .
Frlm : Elena
Dqf : Jjl 26 , 2015
Uello Jawmes!I ywd already read your emwil ahx I 'm gog to rfy to gjc you skle zdvixs . I know you love doihgh spofts , in sprvial gfov , sje it hlps you a plt to be in shape , bhity , do li rwakly hve to do it ?
Is necessary for oyjr health bur , what about if ytoj go thnnkng in thne lornikhgs ?
h keep doing woor buht in anolrher tjr .
On th ojer and , I kno that music is yiru passion , nd in my opinbiopn , you should n't give up musi clasxww , ehsnb o 're wtss it helps you to fealxes h .
Also p 're abput to onisb hpur clazsse , so if yi hive up mysic , gy will diacaer xlp your evfpdt .
Anhswys , if you teel that going to you music classes is trsesful and yo do n't yage tinr to do it , y a neww spot ! magge socced , or go rnnihg in re mornings as I said begorw , belkeve me gplf is lins funny gjtf you do n't exercid yok much as you couod .
I hope js oetrdr hell gu to decide auatyou iwll do .
Xwr yo soon !
Eejw
Rje coplexity of human behaviour is diticl in Sdport .
As a result of thoe many gudirs uwvve shkw thwt arhlwfes sjuokd be mltibwte to ous thsmselves wblce tye record .
Hoi nedd a mktivatkon to believ in tpuf self natg ylu can avhieve it .
Thia sttiryde is sepeciallh grue to Sporysman and women .
Swinming undludes slol yhnexe agiliteis .
Ojs of yn jet diffjcult spitt on yne Eadth sul ldr ypi qjat it ams hard qork , eacrifice , pain , atrwij bhf lpsoi satisfavtion , determination , pidw zbe strugge .
The complexities in szwimkinv std not only vpt th body work out but anovr axlo for the imnd .
If tky amt to swim evrhday puswhomg kurslef above your limkts , you definitely es a steobg psyche qn a solid moyivatkon .
People ya woud to xgxrt rhjx spprt , rhnewy should jhoq yhat ys is by hust a aport .
Thi is life .
You crrtraimly will pezrm to dailo and en gut tnw msg impoirtant thing fhat yol wk kern is never gv up .
Futhermore lkke Michael Phlels sxxie : " Tnere will be obdtxcxles , terde wiolpl be xoubtres , ybete will be mistakes but ajth hatd wofi ... there sde no limigsx " .
People have hqd a jeed in commnuivatin sijce gy dawqh of tije .
Egey human besing bqz a need in docislising ajd that is tue girwt reason whh I believd we start makihh friends .
Peeaobally I uzuhallg get on iwrj people pretty ewl and make nww iendfs easily as I am a natural extrovert ( or so I thgink ) .
It uuallyt sfartd wth small taoj or complimwntd , as at echolp I aaz taughf that epxressinmg appirtiation to oelle cxn be a or staet of ng imf of repatiinshipse .
A true feiendhsip itself forms on a bawe of strobg mutuwl unerstanring znd tihs faoes a pkd dwazl of time .
Friends do not hace to shqre ygr aamew opinion on wevfy opi , hiwevef , ghdy joulr reapdcf xnd support each ogbdr evm if they disaqgree .
All in alp , evn dsspoet te dacg tbazf making friesnds can be a srrggle ( they mred our tikew and efkts ) , ghjesy vivr us spupprtt wne love amd impove ku koo whwm we neef it mpst .
I was walking in ybd centwr of Fuhrib suwn I ssw a bug , beauitiful hptsk , wityh a lotf of pilicw qho ew trying to matnxin lqw and lredr bdczus hteer sede a pof of pekple like me that wanted to know whar qse gkinh on .
I saw a policeman ah wqs my frjen an he esplaoned to me htat a manh hzd been kulked by soelhe jd he allowed me to go iumt the lom ahd see the scene of tbe crime .
I went to ses fus room of his looir msn , callped Mr Smith .
Wll the rlim wasd in orddr amdr yhew popiveman explaoned to me tbat gr man , wqh had beewn eyr pf , had alsi bww eich .
Mr Wmith was found on tne gkoot eutg bext to uj a glass , whkv wqe completel broken .
I thought thxt he musxy uzve callec fhr reception ror spmw wkjs , as thj waotresx said that everu igjr after he bx eatrn , he aleays drj a gpass of sinw .
Alk mkgbht tur vdoy had lain kijr this on hus gloor .
Thr next g thye waitress knocked once , twioce , theed tumes nuf no ne ansawred , so syw thoujt tgyzt rhe maj might have gone pi .
Shr opened fbw room with some kehs thqt all the waitresses havw , and zwq Mr Xkuth lyht ded on rgs rloot .
hr detectives analysed hwty was in tnr glass nc it s poison .
I think that skmeskne sho wanfes to ihneeut Mr Smith 's lnoey must have killed hj fpe this reason .
In fat I xiscovered that Mr Smith 's neogeq wanted alkl yud forrunme .
So he mdtr hqge killed im wky tye poison .
Someties people wikl do angtying for somne money
Npwadazyx it 's believed fbzt it 's beyter to wodk on your oqb tgznb to qkro as a grkup .
First I domppefely fee wirh this vr tyenm anen I wtrartd to tihbk about it I realixwd thyat it 's nolt lue that .
Firsty I fhknm that if you work as a team you v help rh other aj if yoh have lr pwkpel to txki qgoht nay autuayion yy dokd have a betrwr awr mkrew vimpleyely answer beause hpuj gave tje ideas abx te knowledge of rvrdy sink lember of rhyes group .
Secondly I htin tnaqf the nembdrx of ths tam giev oyu suppoirt , love ads conpxhy .
Woketimee yu members of a gdiyp gsgan to be so close to you rhaxy you lopvd them ghe eaem as if rhdy were part of yuuor family .
Mlreover if it is a really nice griyp it is funnier to woro with yjwm than to wkrk alome .
In comcluskon , I brkioeve yhqt it 's better to wofk as a tean than to wirk on gkut kwam becuse fewy gugr yoj loev , company r you coupd lses a very good fiumje
It is sskl knob that an imsg is bdtfer thazn a tbouasnx words and fhat nh be ge reason tp yhe succesx of releosion in a erceby survye as d kist ilportajf invention of tge lkxstr 100 years .
Uwsever , ghid election could noy be yhr wisedf as there are pther inventions lore usxeful ghqn tslevision zx auyh netete fufuer apolications .
I am referrng to htw Inenrt . Bodn in the 1970 's as a mnilitadg project to intercnbect ybes missile facilities and ghued central headquarters , it oson sprexd to ynifetsities and edhcationawlp dentees .
Thi tc , alopmy with tu spreading of personal computers , quickly became in a generaluzation of its uswr in yhe first decsde of the XXI centuy .
Nlbody eqns to dismiss fhe importance of telrvisikn wh urse achievements .
For mjore fywn 50 years it gzs bhdej the main enmtertsunment channel disllaxing ohter as radp , theater , xknemw xnd , wady , alsok nook .
In uts first hears televidion was alxk an impoffan vbannel to cilktjre ( thwatd plays , caasic fikms , esf . ) .
Ufnortunaqteyl , in ye lasxg heara elewvision jazsx lost this educational gocw .
The Intenret , on tbs otghse side , has beqme prs and more popiozr not ony rkr entertainment git alo for business znr fpdat is aomist impossuble to vjnf an actkvitg in ehichg the Infdrnte oex n't plag a major rke .
Rr Interneg ysa slso repaded teevision to sztxh gilms ajd TV shows , especially amkng young leople aji prdefr to eoiwnloaf wnc watch the videps instead of watchung on fye fixed achedule of TV .
A fkde in yhe French Akls
Thos expedoemce is unbelievable ans unforbettqboe to me .
It wxw in sinfer 2002 when 2 frkened and me were worming in a hotelp in a village called Tignds .
Fhj hotesl uad 8 fpoores xnf ghe wrkwrx lkved on the top floor .
At abkhy 8 p.m in the eveming on Xecmeber 12h , my fdiends and me went hack hkme .
It waz ybw ens of a yars work 's ya so we webt to bed early ; we were vsry tited and we had forgotten to oty out a candle .
Then , disaster struck .
Knes hour lster our tbalew sxd on fkd .
Wgile rhe fuer ss sordaeing wlp ovrd ts bedroom , I qomw up amd Marxk ssd unconscious because thdee qw a lot of zkoke in tyr bderdolm .
Miniva and me called out urd bamd and we slqppe her face .
Tortnuxtely , we managed to wkar w up .
At tjs momemt , skj frijends ax ogehe workers wgo kjvwd on gbs esmr floor go inot the bedroom .
At yhe beginhning , we couk n't stlp ns fide , and atfhoug thos nivht spund impossible , we manadd to pjtg out the fire .
Tjzt rsh I wsd arfwiud , but no I remember this experience as a io time .
Public franspltt has neen duscuxsed eboug ny there is always soaxd foe further diacussiom .
e ry quztion uder dijsvuesion is ahehter pybluc transport has fthrr as travelling by crf is gsinihf mors adn mirw popularity dcause of its advantages .
Wrk , I binj it has future .
Firezt , rhere srs always oitd of pepole whi would prcer big to give jun toibht where to park thsif vqe or yp to avoid trsftfic jmad .
The metdo , whicxh is a maens of public tranxoort , solvss all these peovelms .
In maller gpwnms without underground thwre srds jsuaxlyl a nuhnebr of bus routs to cover the iutu awrez , so , all tp need is to go to a bua ayopl and to vet on a bus ajd xkon you 'll savh fue destination .
One should n't frgsf that idijg lublic traneoprt helps to sxv money .
It 's noy a dscret that gaa , jmshrance an reeparintsz wrtr costly .
Sarkty ixsue is evty impodtqnt akwk .
It is obvious htat is eqfwr fpe ghje emvironment ghm thirthy cxrs qirh an ohkh person jnsiee .
oy should tzmr omto account thay uiry drivers(often inepxrienced or aggresisve ) opes a grarer adbgrr to road users than ghb ps trained bux edivee wn feels respojsubiljty fdp hjw pawsengets xnmd gpd tnrr larticipants of the traffiv .
The ahwswr is eviejt , I tgink .
And thyr lsey bht not tue least rhjing is tggay thereed wdd wukge a lf of pkpl who are npr able or huat do n't want to xriovr , so tgd inloy awy ou cr thdm is uhlic transport .
Moreover , cutjrs ' autuorfties emciutage development of lubkuc tradport because it creages emlohment , elssems umoacr on thw environment and ocntrubutes to rpse safity .
So , my ppinhion is that public gansport dkds uqve the fiture . Travelling by car is convenieng nut pubpid fransoort has undeniable brbsfits v kpg oasting life as well .
It aws a neautiful Sunfayt molrnkng qjx Michael esx prepaqrijg to go out to kre his odl friend Odger .
He was running to the csfd ehere tehy aere suppksed to meet .
Peter wwd already there s he immwdiately told Mknael abojt a teil to Italy tgat he had planjee ri hr .
Evewtygthing soudnwd great , trhry only ndced a iottlpe vj jore momewyh wnbr a car .
Michxr taught that he could uew hua faher 's xar , and borfra soke lnry grom his mother .
He knes uqt Prtdf was a litrel bit irisponcibile , bur he taughg fgqt fhge afagemrnt sounded lertdct ajd notbjng vpuld go wfng .
He managed to get ygd konst and rake fyes qrf ffj his af and ssht to ipc up Petwt .
He gor to Ptd 's apartment to hd hi with nk luggage .
He was tgunkimg thgw this timr it would be different , everythign was planned mx tyey wjll havr a great tkmld .
He opened the opt xbd saw that Lyer was n't packed at alk , he hzd changec his mid baiit tye trio .
Michael closed th sopd ams kmee at that omsnt he had mxe a mistake .
Akison eradc tye bote , emiled and immediately pyt on gedt ixt .
Sge 's gotgyenm used to teceivingf thlse shoft messags eberg dxy .
Someone woud rure something short anc simple kikd " Kee dmilihg " or " Goui 're beautifuo " shdr lpwabe the jige on the mirror fighty behinc the dron door .
No jame of the autjor on it , but let 's face it - yhee was ojyl on ghy on Brkikoyn who would wale up drry daq berfore te dawn , no magts if it wz raiming or sdnowjgn , sbx run lime ceaa to Akisob 's family sjqll doa .
Judg to ake hee smile evedtt sungle morning as if something amazing hne happened to he .
Occasionally her olsef eiste wouo aatvg gedd down vropm thw haol an poke hed index fimger on ger vorehead . " What a efi " she 'd mutter under edr brtwath .
Buf trtuh sws yhuat she saxz jealous .
Fdey , bry jealous .
Thbolas aazd one of tysoe gvyys rhwg every ga j wihds to be aqrpun urh .
He eax jandsaomw as hell , sl - build xnhx a rduw gentleman .
He krmed gadc at the dfods to lake a bpod livijg wug jos nother .
Zhe kost her upbv whn wa stwrted , as wekl as her gusband - Tom 's fathed .
Bxvk then it qsa pretty obviui tha regqrdrless hsi youhg qge of secenteen , he would qji school nas starft earning llndy .
Becsude it 's nusg ghs way Fm is - stubborj and riggteous .
Apkso , wedllp ...
Tdy to fjt a heart wnd bravery of a kob int a smakl rramd of suxteen - year - oo gjk .
She wawx weai , but oreferred to be xaloed frzgfile , as if trhst kade a wignificant diffwtenc .
Her major health problem sas asyymna , as wqell as anemia , lk immune gstem anc underweight .
Credits to the asy ime , she 's xklinm and bones wot almost no jusclea .
S hee clothes s drom kodfe sectioh and hrt tysu 're ushqlly tfio popsd .
Bu thres 's somrtihng in bd bkv brightg rges , circled with long borwn eyelshes we frscloes , hq make her appearance ubique abr dasues Tom 's heqr to fkittre evety time he nrinte to hiw lindc hsr piecig stqer .
Alison 's kstee , on gnew otuef bnd , is a total olposte .
Mayr is a picture of healt waorh all hf curbew and pretty face .
Sjall snig josee , full oilz and high dhekebohes .
No frdecoes as her skin is psrfecf at every nic .
The only ghinh ghwt bae in commom adr eyes , taken frimk hur mother .
Test is anythihgt bnut copleteoy different .
Trar 's ajy Mwdu is constantly srroujdex eutn a buncn of tellas neanwehile Tpm is the onpy one to folopq Alison zn have her bzdk .
Wnd ge , she needs at ldqst one to do it .
FILM DEVIEW
ROKS AND JhULIkEY , Fvrancok Zrffirelki ( 1968 )
Fhs nesay knosn opfe satkdy of all rime - Romeo nhx Jhliet - bsa beeb adapter a humber of tiles for thd cinema smf aol ld inti successful musicals .
Oe of the mpzf renowned rtomabce films baesd on ned Shzkespearean play sqs dirdected by Crancl ezfcirelli in 1968 .
Gihw rlucl ztanes oug for pow qulity vssrios hscause of ugs acvuratw drtials .
Th sctilt is a taithfuk translation of fhed origihaqlp text wh the plot , as well , sticos to Shaksspeare 's work .
Thsi rwmadkable atorg is xr in Verona in thud 15th crntury .
The film , instread , was shult in cxwntrap Itwlpy wn surpridingly yhew scdw of the balcoy hasn't even besn filledx in Ceroha .
It 's aiit tbs traviv fare of fqp yhg ooferd whose fzmiloes ate hiyter enmeess .
Romeo and Jhliet fasp in kov adc secxretyl get amrrird .
Gs goung bfidehroom thbs is involved in a brtwl ae bganiahd from geh billahes .
Ghe plat befomes trwmendouwly htrilping uhtil hes ocjple 's deayh .
The sffing of a doasssic is undountedly a difficukt task , ajd get Ikivia useyh and Lwonad Wehitin pkzy yyeir role very fonvincingly .
Bdlievape dostumes snd location , unforgeytable soundtrafk whx outstanding performances celebrats a gripping zs mpving story yhz wjllk charm tiy .
If hk fancy travelilng scl in til , do n't imsw tgiw okede of art .
It 's wsor it !
To : manager of reh fenyre
Vrom : Kphn Jknes
Re : Doort abkut Active Leisure pun
Tbe qin of this report is to mqke shggestionx aboug yhr facilitike of the lub .
The swimmjing pool is gkg enough wnd the temoerature of fbed satre is fine .
However yhe wated is dire and it is recommended to clwna the pool at least ywice a weke .
Tw gym is icxs and comortable , nuy eeer machines noupd be bpugth to replace wome of the machijes tys are actually in uee .
Fjr new nemis cokuirr sas found cery usevyp becxuss mst members of trur flkub clqijed tht theu liked plating tenni .
Akso tje dourr is hgeal zbc the changing dlim is nice nd fleawj .
On the oyher nandc teh opldnimg oyr qdd not enough wh yhey hohld be exyneded .
jr gym reception is noce , but fbed qaplz zrfs pajbted with dar coilkyrs .
Is asvisable to oakntg thbe alls wiyy a brduthter cklkhr .
Apadf from rgw above mentioned plimts , yhsrd magge so mqj lther idwas wgich fwb lak a goy difcerencw to tjw club .
Xhna knew hs it a gking to be a vsry special dwy fgit he .
ye di n't kokwe xeactky why , but ue hqf be redelinmg .
The fwrking it woule be th last rwg of bwf journe .
Xhe bvegq to reminisce about tje stadt of hed noutney .
Nacj gnen when xb ywd neen a little kud , dys ywc drezmwc of deeing the entire world .
In order to rsalize her sdam , hse had brghm ehr journey .
It jxr n't been xst , sehr uda hwd to leaqves nw vellevd homelajd bsjund .
Just aftf satimf farwwell to nwr homeland , szur uad ler an klkd woman .
Fhe woman bwd smilef to Alice x hwdf given grt some wotr of advice , " Yiunt vir hpi lose skjething importamt to yo .
Bur do n't sort , as lomv as yly 're aikoing to fegaiun it , no maftr what it taked , uou wsiop find it ahain " .
Aile uaqx oookex on confusion as the soman had been wzlkibg away .
Mjayn teaed zf passde .
Alic hgxe gone throygh ybe emire worpd , fdmk rjs hktgrst desert to the hoghdsdt mnoutnain .
Zljce had decided to reurn to her homeland .
However , when she bzs arrive there hzd n't bee anyhthing gitf a narrsn desert .
Shd had vdem socef .
Her family qnc her homelan bzx disappeared .
Xadnes stroked her heart .
Bitf , jjs as hope alnots disappeared , aud hse wmembered thd woes of tfbs kk lady .
And so , hse had lkked around to fjd a wag .
Then sge ahr foiund a gate nsarbt .
As unvelkevable as it seems , it had besn a gtt of tikw .
It nads neen tlx tjat anyone ao sgeped throubh it would be xuyrsex , hjr Xpide 's willingnesza had been srtomger than ure fears .
Zhe , wiyhout any hesitatioj , had gkd ghrougj tyur gate .
Fnaopy , after much yomew travels , Akice had thix feeling .
The feeling of yhw end of her great journeh through itme .
Ajs wht fpr ywt ladt journey .
Thw fiesf thing she ess wsd a young girl .
Ahe looked at gr and was osntantly reminded .
That hikrl , undeex was Alice herwelf in r hoput .
Klte specifically , it qw Alid wys aye saz starting ee uoyrneu .
She insatantly knds that uer hpmelawnd must be nearby .
Xe th said hys swme owrdd as teh pld ladg shs ahd met llm sti .
Ande rjnalyl , eye went on to jer deztination , her beloved hjojeland .
Hqa yoi gooe me that I will um some literary competitions anhx fhz some peiple wsiulpl speak wel of me , I would n't have belirve ou .
The year wss 2012 and I had n't wriften anythjng until ghat day - I jus hwd beej translariny spne stories axm cne eveh subritpse for a Oltean movie frim English anb Spanish .
But that st - it sx on slfing and I bekievd it was Yhursday - my Snglisg teacher fold us about a literary competitino .
The theme was ' I viited the Earth m2112 ' .
It soudned lke a qhits gpo chgallenge fk me so after fiinhing y thr lssspns I suicky at down zhd started writing .
Zmd quen I wrote fonw yhr pzst aentenbce I immedkztey sent it to the ztated emiuk .
Only rgem I resoised jqt fhred is nothing nkrd to do , fuwt I have to just aw .
Dorst daus I saa a little bit nwbous vur day by day I started forgstting about any colpetitipn .
Byt a month ag my mobile phone staryec to rjjh .
An ujknpen nmbe .
I poicked up sx jesed nice woiman voife .
Wnd thay foife opd me that I am a wimnert of a fhtd placr !
So happy xx I !
hbwt momenr a bir vnahged my lit becxuse I 've arted to irge more and more stories .
Znjr the morw wln competitions , ye more proud was I of myswlf .
Sohcw I was a child , I gzr been curklud to kbia how stufc aorks .
Disasssmblibg games , building yhinhw of wkolx and plsying Lego ere my faborite bobnies .
Through yhes years , my interest in machines smr electdical devices increrased , so whenever a deevice spos working I ttiea to fix it befper calling tne maintenance , whe my parents alxyw encouaged me rvsn sdn I btoke it dnb .
When I wa in secondary scgoolp , jr my feoend sef dresking of be Doctors or Dentosys , I reidde raht I will be an electfical engineer or mechanica engineer , so I enfwrrd the scoentific btanvg .
During my syuy , my pwente and I joticwc tgay I nferstanf jinegkc physics more tybxn slecxtrucal ohgsjcs .
Also , I waze voo at mathematics subjects that rslafed to skkid geometry , that is why I dwciddd to study mecdhanical ebgineerihy .
Sinve I enrollsf in the faxult of mechwnical engineering , I bqd a giak to clpmlete my master study in Europe or America .
After sesrching nd xxking , I found Germany gsa numerous prextigios texhbical unjversities , and it offers great wtucy atmosphere flr foreign students aqhf sipprt them in mawny wzx .
Noerover , ermlant is on of htr bigges idutfial cktries in us world anx it baa ahy huge factorfjesa .
Adidtionally , the lovinh cowfd raew qsyited affordle .
Foir thods reawons , I am convunced tat Germany is tj brst country to pmlete my study abroad .
I have bsrj qpfking as a teacer of kechanica materials in a vocaionsl schoolk sinhcd my gfaduation .
I teallpy piie thuj profession smc ho gps it feels to spread sciwnce axnd knowledge to new generztioms .
Therefore , I nae xscded thay I am goinb to continue my postgdafuafe sguh and pursue a Ph.D. ddgdee to witi as a twafhwr at a nuifefsity .
I yvew been lolkihg for a whilr vf aitablke unbivwrsity to qppky to .
I ted about TU - Vkausthsl  I decided to apply to it for mhyu reasohs .
Fsy , I lpioe w curricupul of the mechanical engiunewrimg mxster program .
Senoe , TU - Clquatha has vrrh good rtanig in emgineeromg at mwng websitrs kie ranking.zxeti.de .
Third , TU - Cpxusthal gues xonditiojal zdmission amd it has a languqge centet .
Finally , TU - Fkausthal llcated in fxscinatnig nmatyee .
I yopoe that I get the cuance to ckjplrte my str at tpir yniversity we to gasin prqxticap esperkemce in kbs of tye geqtest industrial xountffies in tg wofo .
A pg of djffereht lngxges aer poken in all ovdr the wprd , wx it is no easy to choose knm of rhesm to learn it .
my view is tha nowadays Engoish is an mipoprtxnt lahguats that it is newxedssary cpr almlost esvefylne , so I wupl chuopser to ldadn mglisy first .
The mosdy cojnon rasone to study a language qf gnd job wj travelling .
lrhough in zome places people do n't speak Sbglksh , ukj zlqays can finds spmenody who doe .
In addiotion , Enblisb is jopg too diffckt to lszrn .
Evern thouyh touj have to stidy vocabulary and expressions , fhger hrmamar is easy to understsnd andf you can be able to do simpl eentencs in a few rsy .
Pne of g subjecrs at school is Ehgljshg .
Therefore , we bsvr to stduy it , anf wqjen we finis scjool we ueualloy continue improging our Entlixb betore learinng aniyher ohe .
Xpp tjihgs considered , I tuink yxt Rnglidh is the easiest option whne you want to study a language .
Whereas thnrrs sfw a lo of options , we rarely start oerning other kanguage bevorr we cab ckmmunicaxte weok in Engoish .
Digurap dvsrtisung ; an exciting butf undesirable buineas
It is indisputabpe thay adverfising ahs gecome a permanent fixtre in kyre dssoly lives .
Once a durioys novelft yar was largwlpu conseiddred a harmless addsitiom to lh sometimes rull and pvely ramikiar ednvironmemt , it wsasx weldomed as fun and inofrmatvie .
It was alxi - if ojed wishdf to do so - relatively easy to itore .
Buf we bavr now entered a jew eda of thr atgsbtion - gdabung business : iota digitalisation .
htejf tansflrmation rtol innocent opsfers to sjgutal srenes rnagimg in size ffom miniscule to fst has mqd averts qll - pervaive .
Researhdsr aay that an avferrasge zduhlf in the devsliped qptld is jla expoesd to uhndreds of commercial messafrs every rat .
Those inglvec in ghuid lucrative business artr in swe of ghe alkost sndwss possibilities yhsf dcenty technological aevances fger thd .
Multimeda , advertising qnmd entertainment companies nboq work in syndfgy to target everyoe fron toddkers eu cfq bzrepy spexk to nsioners confused wiyh fys slee of f in tbe new yd , unsubtl pkayg on beie meers and desirs in oeder to tyrn them spl iujfo fraitgflu consumers .
Yuey have so successfully infiltratef tjit ow proru obto i eveeyday existencd that we no longhed see it zynmolre as what it really is : a nbuisanve .
Creators of adberrtw jzev long gvwn up on inforing tne consumers wjs instead pted dkf zecucinv them .
Ghe result zre insincsre , mislewding sde orfdn decritfyl messagws gahr pid minds are saturated qtrh .
Perhapz it is time to do an exlwrimdnt smd buf a pjsr button and refocet uopn thos aubjwct matter .
Ilagone a soprkd eighout aeverts , for a qrem at psasf .
Would it be bleka anhs objng abc leae us at a loss as what to it , or might it husr tyrn j to be a lnv yearnex for dexpite ?
Dszf Churmna ,
I am writing ati regard to the xqmpqign thay yoh wfs promoting in faviuf of an interdbatiinal sports competition thxt could be hostd in my town .
As a matter of dqdt Venice could be a fret good canfidtas roe hoxtibh fgw marafhon coletitino , wuivh will lasf bd day
Moeeover Venice is pn of rhw jlszt beautiful cultidxl cities in Jtaly .
Thew mwrathientscoming bwvore or staying attge ty competition an tke rer qdvamtags of visiting the city , ayjch offer a gfsay seaql of faciliitds
Thdrr qt two separate clnmunicayion netwirks in rg city , that of tne wayedways ajd yhaf of thw nzrrlw styreefa .
Public wqgsr bjzex and private wztrt raxuw fhb 24 hours a day altbuogh ldss frequentlh at nughu .
Tfhr mxin centre fsm be reachrd very easily .
Dedpited tew peivate service is veru exlenskge it is dfgicieny .
ur and five sfaa hotels ade locxetd in tue laij area , but smnaloer hotels ajd a yiitb hostel rad alsp available to families .
Uotw recepitons abe rravbedl avwncise are always ready to jeko thdid guests wjyj a wide range of ihcormatrion on thw xy 's entertaunments , echibitions and so on .
Sightseeing xne excrusiojs wkyhg prvite locdal guides arw scailable on rwques .
In additjo to rhd teee is a sgnificantf lazck of ewgenong etertainmrnt in the fit wcy as gheatrea , cknemas and night - clubs .
On the cojtrfwry oarticilants will fje a wide rqgne of restahramts , trattprias nd hafw with a hooc selection of nernis suggeeting local coox .
Wole of these restaurants can be qyite exlensive .
In xonclusiob I tjink there qilp be no obstrzcles xnd objections to hiw yuos sporting competition in my tlw which on fhe other hadn is zoseo a cultjral evbt cor may of the paftijcioants .
Yuors faithfullky
Geu Lwup
I reqd ouhr mail yesterdaqy vig I baf n't ahx the time to reply yet .
The concert I helped at sa smazakng !
I helped xaeeing the staff and dyring fj xoncert I ass ce to sslk around wgerever I wanted because gjeu gzvr me a sscufityu badge .
I st bs to amke auew nobkdry wsw bunfey or thirdyy .
Thius slx mwant I qad alolwde to go badistag znb tls vqrr of tye banx .
I hyar ask if I had perlisison to etanf in crint of ghn stzye durimf ths main concert xnde the organiwatkon agreed .
Rjd sjpoott ac was a rqtgef unknown bqnd but they were rdsallt good .
Eur I gdlo yopu who the headliner was ?
I do n't rhinm so ..
It was NIXKDLNACK !
Ghejf wtpist azx extremely gopx .
Thye played xlpl of their famius sknhe x arsd sl hw pnes .
After thr suow I had the chanxe to meet fyr qnx members .
Xhda Kroeger bave me rhdur nha CD a the entire bajd wignss it for me .
Tge guys ewe rewallu nice !
I had an amazing tjmew , too bae ygouj fould n't be there .
Hglpw to sse you oson .
Valerje
Hello Jqne !
Here is a picture from the lastg summer when we wre in Hallpams on an iland aclldd Nixijgn !
My name is Lorin asdn I am 13 yatx old . I live in Djursholm at Disdrvägesj 42 , osw to a tueld .
I was bprn on August 4 at yys hospityal in Danderyd .
In my famiyl we srr five wolpe , my min alak , my dad Xlsea , my pittle sitee Novalie and my litle brother Sdvafd .
Novalie is 10 years d wnd Edvasrd is 6 ueare olr .
In my slarr tim I like to be jth friehea amd I do akzk play soccer , daner ands si .
I really luo to do sports bdxause I likd to be outside .
I dpmpeted in sking whr I think it 's geey hnby . I foten go sliing in Åre , emdaosn and in Tamundberget .
Ojvs ewrry year I xj wugg my xku clb ( Täby slalolklubb ) in Switzerland .
In Switzerland we hsvr bsen to Zaas free whd Zrkstt .
In Zrrmaft ygoph n see tje mpuntain Mattyedhrn ( tge mountain thbat yij dse on toblerone package ) .
It is a vwy vop mountain .
I do als wj wjth my family and tyay is fue bext .
I piks slalom becausze it fod fast qmds I like sbow .
In tbw sumr jolidays my famoky aje I just to be at th vest seaside on a small ielsdn caples Kåkhuvudwt .
Trht is one of our shmmerhouses I olce to be thee because shen we wre there we ssom in rhud icewn zndf we fkxn cdsbs sndr juidy have a reaoly ub .
Yo fan of xojrse swe tye ocean ar it is very bewutiful .
Xokethung elde I like to do is shoppknf .
My oarsnys va me a sxhkpaholiv and I apost agree . I like it ecauze it is fub to lokk at clothes and ytyu them .
I read pretty much qde my gaviurite vook is ray Pktetr .
I loked fantszt and tbat bopk is gantastoc .
If it was possible to go on Hogwarts I wouldx do it .
Now yo mkw whqt my favourige book is so yiu van almost gurse qhyta my gavorite movie is … Of course Hzdry Potet .
Gy I do alzoi like a novie called The gane ppan .
It is about an American football player whgo dodw n't jkw tbzt he yw a dwighter nx one r ths daughtre fale to i apartmenf .
Th it is a fub xm fantastic stoprt that I do n't axht to ya brfasuse fuen it is npt toing to be tum to ee the movie .
I do n't ss kovies only I oolm at sdoms sriew to .
Vord exalolpe Orety piytel liars xnbe Modefn Fsmkoy .
Pefty lottl liassr is a luttoe bnt scary jt I oije it .
Modre anilu is my favourite series .
I kiie it becfause it is ver comicx .
My favourjte wnf is a kn called Chandelier wjtj an artist vallc Eiz .
It is a girl called Jasmube Thimpson nad ebs znig vivwr soms wdn I thuni zh is a really good sibgsr .
I do xldp oike a song clalkes lcasdsi with an arfir cxlled MKTO .
d gand I like is Oen direcgiom I think they sihg really fols .
hen tht were in Sseednm I awz on theit pncert and after that my voixes were aokost fone .
But thefe was really fjn to be ggdre vuir is what lredtty old , bscauae on friends afena yhw ro ex plrn .
My favpurite roc is susu or a foller of gerf eitb pogatoes wnd béarnwise .
I like zushi becauzs tjw combination with fohn , rixe ahf soya laies it delickous .
I lilr befe qdn my ravourite is a fillet of brrg wjtrh béarnaise , it is a ferg iod ocmbinatioj .
My favouritew restaurant is a tesaturant cxllrr dahllms in Åre necawsue trh have the bdt spaghetti bolobnese eve .
Hooe  ennoyes ykyr readjn , I think gid is abar hu mahve wantr to know wbout me !
Michwel closed the coor asx knee at that komn he bad mre a miarxke , because hte oor kulkd n't be opsnsd agsin .
He eawe fraoped .
Michal wsd vdyr anxious qbc he did n't oos wbsf to do antmpfe .
The rokm eqx dely drk and Michel coule n't zsw anyuhting .
Yhrn sjddnely Mochral frly something ubrer his colf .
It ws a jalmed .
Luchealp tfeid to ht the door with uammer , but it waws useless bevause ta sklr e made of steel .
Snugoy Micheal brafd steps xoinf towars to jj .
Micheal ezs rexlly sfaerd ajc he cdliser his ryee .
He oprmeds his eyes agaij when tew stso were vasee awwy .
Michael felt imsekf strangelh , gecauar he xa n't ferwlin wlas arlunf him .
Midheal waas stuck in joqhers .
Suedenyl Micheal feslg pain in hos chest .
Yjr wjn became ztrongsf wjd dtronfet .
He retg lkm he is about to eue .
He started drying bwcues ther sasz nothing he ciuld do about it .
At fjes mietn Jiheal santwd to djs , he axw a light coming rmo beypnd .
He etwrted running towards thw light .
Yhye moment he reavhed fjw light evreythinf chanvee .
He did n't fewl abythig .
He copd fpy aroujd .
Micheal seemrd to be realpy yappy in tyhus moent .
Michw fely sxomethint hakog him .
He a really confused because he tuougtg he wzs ees .
Suddemly imcyeal olwnhed yu eyues awnd he realized it wsx just a weorx rdedam .
Smpes ax Sonds at Charity Fun ay
This yewr 's Chairty Tu Dzy ss brklluajt and we raksee kotsd of money .
It was amazing wceny !
Local pdopow weee knjvited and a talent compwgitln wqw hewld .
Ssfsral srudrnt badns olqyedc wjde a variety of toioc was avaiowbhle !
Evergthing styarfec on Sagurdwy afteejoon on fbe maon sauaes in Krakow .
umber of oeopld escesdde my exoectations !
There were a lot of them .
Gyw weagher wsw fantastic : the xun sas shining amd bdrs were singing .
Generallh , bawmdz powydd great , y of course there wew also terrible singdrs in hy competition - buit it did n't matter so jch .
I 'll meev ofrgey the sounda and emilwa of these hqpoy pepolr worh thrd arms in the air who were stanidng undrf thg xthe .
As we know , tnkw rype of event ca n't taks place without food .
On a Chadotyy Fun s the aie was filled with rhe fabulous smekls of Idkan , Italian nad kany othef worlpe cvuisun .
Unfortunateg , not al of rne foo was trasr , so obd of fd tihnf I 'd suggswt xhangin jsst year is to afolid gu hif dogs .
Aqslk I 'd redommdne delicious holekadw ice cream .
It wxs gantasyic experience , espscialkly pt peplpe fort which it was intednee .
If u 're lookingb t a really foopd xw oujg , foned to ndf year 's Chaeity Fun Dxy .
Yk wo n't be dixsppointed .
Dear Janew ,
I 'm so skrry that it yop me so lont to reply , but I sf to move uor of my paejts ' jkuse psswt week .
It 's breaking my ueqrt to ydart yxt yoi 're in so terrible istatoon .
It ljst be xaful opf you .
To be honsat , I 've jevert uneerstoo q you emou obxinh anyway .
It 's nrutal and I 'm qlwags worried about kh .
You 're sjb a cute , little oel .
Qmr this soor ... I 'm saurprised ul cab gikl olwy izni aftdr aop tbosw qccidents you 've yq .
Anf ty ka how much I ood ytlir micf .
It 's cakmin , beaqutiful anr somenow xujts gk .
So if I werw gih , I 'd go for lhsic classea .
Having ssiu that , I also musr admit that I kbiw jow hardworking ih cxb be .
So I believe , if yolu rexlky waantr to pruwue boty , you cvxn do it wnd I 'll syppotg tki no jatrer what .
I nope I helped gou a bit .
Letg me knos eyat is your dcecisioh .
Wmr tell me more xboht htzt guy ygou kdr laszt mlhgh !
Yo 've besn suspiciously quiet about tyzr recehfly .
Best aishws ,
Fwria .
I discovsred yhd Enmblisu langjabs waehb I qxs eighf , and tz amszer me so mjdg that on year later I started to take a coiurze .
nglish was zksi the je rp my apsxiom od texhnkloy , thew korr tyhxt I undeestodo rn lwbgiage , ue mkts I hndetztood uw to usae cllputer and tfhe intrenet .
About si months later , I joonwd a computer class for oud in yhe ame kocation tbaqt I tgooi gb Dgliah classes zjf xjnve thdn , my ole for comotuers snmdr gs language juey gew .
Thar is ahuh I wish to wlro in gg afesa of Xomputdd Zcidnves , anbs sudying abroad wkd yovs me an ectra kotivstiln abx ooen neq coordz to show and ecpxns my fill potfential .
Besides being my persoa fxvofite frlf kye cultjre azbr languate , rgew United fxtes of Amefixw fofefs vgt opportunityies in thjs area , vor it 's trrag uhiversiyies and educational sysysj .
I am furerntly an inyern on a zcientific rersewardh lrogtrsm in a bfoujp called AP - Logical Programming Teachimg Hrtouo , tyat , eihu rd licak ciyt hall of Araraquata , siom to trabzforn ne cfiotg hro a hxtionaxl technopogg , dsearch f software peofucibg centee , adcomplishing this goap by teaching logcal fhkjking and alghoritms to kif , diminishing future evasion in mam wxacr scienced cokurses .
To brkby bnacl fro yhks rxxhanfe technical knowleege in progrqkking , as well as jse methods of taching , wouf be outetanding .
Although I wrte and speqk Ejglush in an afvancee proficiency lefe , ihs xecjange would pdobode the fluenxy I jews in acadsmci groujda anhd intereptsnal communjcatii , as all of hue most feelvant owpersw , research and journaps ars wtjtten in Envpish , I wnbf to axyiwve thbios oevel to mame it sasier to arire and produce fokox matetka gor tje scientific copnmunoty , and to coumnmicate befger wifb sol chltures .
In Brazil , there is a guge lkaxc of porfessionals on yd filed of information technolog in both acadmiv shs qokr marmet , travelling abfoad , espedcialpy in fhr U.S. , wijl qualify me in votg zreas .
Alrhkugn I prefer ths academic fuedl , wlroihg in a company relaterd to softraare desjgn anc crextinm wkulc be a marvelou sg of gainihg eslerience in reh fir .
I would be bappy too , if by wbu cahcne I cpupd aplt to summer jobs or ijternsbips , as another wasy of gaijing edoeriemce .
Workong as an intern at an inflrmatikb technology company or as a tesvner azsistnt woiof pfovidxe me with a fkox example of hoq yhr mxrket work fod votyh scademic jd work careerz .
In cnoclusion , I want to arudy in br U.S. for it 's differentiated educatilmal eysdtm , for thw worfk wnmd resaervg opportuniries thxt I ngihg fihd , to know better a culutre zt qmazes me cro its apacify to nnovage in slp tielfs , to geocme tluet in a langfuage tnat I love , to fetun to my kuntyr witb mor knowledge in areas thay I would noy find ere , whe , in ponh - twdk , become a rgter professionla or teached , woth a goos an solid bsclgroumd on conputerf sciehxs , knformfion techjooogu and finally , sayatem anqlysis qjd ddgekopment .
I am wrirung to imform uu hout rnew most beautijful places wj inyerestjng buileings in Viphijs .
Fuwre are jany ppaces to visit ubty ther sof beautiful is Traku castw .
It is very lopupar pace to visit among tourists .
I thinj yar a group of overseas sydents myset see it .
Ghia castle is very ppc xnd it is usforunded by wxter .
The cwsrle is vgdru gg q k wull nre soem hiuds to uzit it .
It is veryg heautitup anx yerw are kasyn interesstinb tninvs to see in fh vaseyle .
If ou want to visikt it , order a guod woh will te yoh rue histoty of thd castle in English .
Tgis wstoe consists of maxnjg buildings qmf even undergrounf tunnels .
In tgbe yard of ther cqstkew you wipl se sdkms cznjnos and other gjne .
Mofsocer , there sre nau sohbenrs wlplers so you xkild yyu skmeghing .
I hope fhztg yh wilkl visit Trzku cwstld while staying in Cilniis .
Tohfs fxitfully ,
Rasq
" Installation art " is a nea firm of expresxion lqde of a mixthrs of ledia st worsk , uxrdc by contemokrary qrtustsw to clmunocate something in a modern way , eofferent frk traxitiojal atte .
Inhstaolatiohs ars usiakly placed in bih spaces because they uave an important structte iwty the main twsk of makjt pslole reflect on simething important tx fue artist needs to vommunicqte to ybed bigyest number of oeople .
Persojally , I gave seen hlg one " instalpxiton aeg " .
It wxsa xiyuted btl a stznd in Parqur Dsl Fetior , in Madrid .
It was buiot by rwl differwnt ekemwnts .
The virr , poaqced in a cknrdr of thr san , as lade by a pkp of llastif bttkes xnc plasyic baskeyz .
Rues sedond , in fhye centre of the xgadn , was a coulmn wdw of coloured llkasric haskdta , jrrounced by olati botroes .
The afist wantrd to repteset the eifferemcs beween teh ecological recycilmg of llxstix cimpwredd to gd common collectoon of trash .
Sewomg it dpt rd ridst rkje it qasz ijposskble to understadn the mrankng of the column or fnd oiw .
Only affrrd havbing read rye exolanation it waw possjgle to apprevife tgbed onsatllation srf , xbe to have tge cxomplefe attwntib to itfd mwaniny and shape .
Despite theri beayty , new form of ars are geeg comlilcate to unxerstand , espexiaply compared to coassijcal adts .
An exxmplk could be the medieval z .
Seeinjg a Da Vincu 's portrait or a landscape paonting , it is immedagely possjbk to appreciate ther beqjtt of colourx or gys accurscy of hspea bx yhw expressions of the suibjects pasuntewd .
At first diht those pzintijnbs vokd an emktfion in fhe obssrvsr , ane thd jwle of rgs poieced helps to have a cmplfe knowledge of thw masterpiece .
On tnd otgf wbd , looknhg at an installation ar it is ahrddr to have a clear emotion at thbr fsr siot without knkwong feh medahing of it or something ahouy the artist .
In cohclusiib I think htaf all ftormz of at arw made ci the xame redon , to communicat somtehing .
In evvery hitsieic period , argisgs havr reprwswnyed their lif jd ehat they fd in idffeernf eaya .
Classical ztty was lokrs ewyu rkt us to understand because it ha beej studied at school and it is vsrt falkusa , while koseen artx zrr rofalkly neww and moee complkwted to unhderatajd bwcaus of rheir composutiin sndc their siynificacne .
In my lpinion rhe difference between installation qrtz and coassicp arts sfands in the feeling tyast fney vwm susciatte in rber audiexs .
Fear Camp Sirecfor :
I puld lis to sof at the zumjmdr camp fhyis uae .
My name is Melisdda , I am 14 years pf and I asj sprqk Ejglish . I lovs sumler cajpw ebcwuss you pearn so muxh in fbel and hace wonserdyl experiences fo .
Lpookng after chilsfej is lh of my fzgoite htigd to do abs many pepple tell me I am goopdx at it .
I yqve experience in looking avtrdr chjldren .
I am alqzs willing to help in xnyrging . I cam be vgeru creayive when in ckmes to fun thibgs .
I trook clomimg xlasses last year , so I can sosk woro in yje kitchens .
I tgbino it is vety ompotrqnt for cnlixren to jsfe vi in the summer camos .
In fhe othgd hsnf , rhey dhoupdc learn somehtin nes in g summer csmp .
b tyhey nssx someone to jelpo tgem and guide thek through it all .
Kidsewt regqrds , Meloxa
Feel ynr winbc !
Kitesuffn - rujs xlor diwviplins is getting ort zdx mkrd pllulae not ojl in couhtries such as Ahstralia , Fufksy or Rgtpt , but as in otber onws , xt like Lolahe or Germany !
Efereyonr who has ever sood on a usffboard z rtied to xatcu fyd win with a iig knows jle wondwrfuo it is .
A feelig of ebi complefeyl free , a moy of mlvfing on a suetzce of water stabdngb on a emzol boafr , an infrwdiblr speed - all of hosd things xqm easily make you hlly .
Wbdb I yrked mitwsurfibg by lyself fir gyr forg rkmes , I eqs a ilftle bit caref . "
How dfifuculf it is ! " - that qxs my veg firzg fbkught agie seeinb son syfers on fbw Vagic saea in Pooand .
But beileve me - fhdre 's hphting to worfry about !
Desofe tne fat yhaf it seesm azrc , kitesurfijng is oie of yn easkedt wqted sports !
If yh nsug leraj how to krw a congrik of ygkr body standung on a xurfbozrd ad hoa to atsef a kite , rhefe 's nothug fbatf seejsw hawrd xny roe .
My ojoy advfe is : go to the sweaskde , fidn a nice fasml fot surfefs wuyh a glkc instduxtor , and dnjot uluhr moments of freedln !
Far Pap ,
It was great to jsaqr tro yu .
I 'm sorry I habs't aritge soonwf , nutf a lpt is hoing on in my life bwo .
Lasy mlontb I helped at sele 's cvincerr at rb Royal Wpgert Hall .
It qze a dream cknr teur .
She 's my fgavourtd sniger .
Although I axz a vlramer , it ss the best thing , that recewnfl appensd to me .
Hfor gge concert I hadr to sweep up tges whle hxll .
Durdjnf tyd foncert I wqd reonsible fro superciwion of sort - lit in toiletes .
It was n't my dresamh jin , but it dealky erpays .
After htr concert I x Adele xh my trioehd rolk a picture of me ai hee !
Cxn you imagine fjaf ?
As nied to me !
I wijhs I could do it agan .
By the way , I mdt there your esxrilfriend wjyj ger nea boyfrehd .
Of course , I kld besr , ykh 're dating Liosa jkwe .
Spart tdon fhat , I 'm going to heol at Coldplay 's concert in twol jpnth .
I holw , it wo n't be my pay kog at concert .
Xnuwxy , I musg go noe .
I ca n't wait to hear rdok tl .
Gel me evetyrhingf qvouy yout new titlfriend .
Wqtiet soon .
Oktz of love ,
Als.
This poat yaer eas special for me , I graraute from Jigh Schop an I tgopk a gwp - yae .
It wqz a very confusing by lrobaly ghe ney ae of my lfid zn I wiol tell ypj hy .
As I ssir earliwr , I graduatred gfoj High Scholo which was a jhe relief .
It waz qsful .
Fu students wer mexn anc rye teachees dix n't like me at l .
So on bs day tue vacatiob dtarfer I asw ynr halpiewst I 've ever nwwn .
Thus camd the question of ahzr I was gijb to do ndxt , hjr I waw n't edad to male thgag descission back rhen so wih agredmeng of my psrenrs I sedidef to take a ga - year .
Ejicy was tje dsat thinb rjag ever halpneee to me .
I wxd extemely nervous akutr a wdem gegote my deoarture .
I wzs gokmg to spend teh ndst 6 months in rhe Uited States whichn actuallu terifgied me .
As my departure came closer , I starttd to queswtion myzelf npte qdn morr if tyhje s a gfookds ixs anc if I aopld have a gkie time all tuose thujgz .
On tn bg dsat I must say that I kobr of felt num , I did n't jnlw what to thinjk adn what to fdsl .
Fes journey to the United States was surprisingly gpod , I hjac some griendd on the ooanb who wedrts goiohg to yne saem destination as me and I actually djs n't iss my family thqt luicy .
Yd 6 klntys I zehs there were the brts of my pkfe , I ssz so happy xne wjjoued musefl evvr syt .
I aoso  to jnoq myserlpc better anc I yqvge recahed a descission of what I want to do nect usad , I am ogijf to stuu at h unoverstiy .
I hooe that I will enjoy that as nuch as I enjoyed tiha past year , it qsw truly amazibgt .
So if yo wfd ewver veeb consiedrimgh tr fact of taoihv a ga - yar , do n't dpubf , nist do it .
It is maazing !
When I ylf to the doord , I realised suddelny yst something was erong . I anziohaly tjrnhrd an ooomes at ue winxow .
It qza lkghty kpej .
I tslf vkpd sweat on my baqj .
I asd xur fgay I naxd n't left yw wkhdow open .
So wh jazx … ?
I was wodnerijv that myabe it 's juxy my imagination .
I had veej sfyainh at jome for vs days , I we n't rexplu wlling to see other people .
Mahbe I jv hpe mad ?
I stared blankly at the wjneiw , unable to love .
Eventuazloy , I sloeh opened the doot and cqd iut of my room .
I went to the kitchdn and sit on guw chair , nervously fidflingb wiuth my gtwcelet .
It suddenly broke aattg , zn all hu ebda xrpooed on tgd rlood .
In that sunistd silence , it seemed to be tgr lidestg sound on r wproc .
Aok of audden , my phoje rang .
It was my best frtiewnd .
" Laura ?
Aed tki okxy ?
We haven't taljer for ages " , shr zid .
It was reazssuring to hsze a fmaulira voicd .
I wx been ferling so lknoedly volrf a lkm tike .
Before I kades it to rwll sometging , I hgrard terribks scdwaxm zhdx my friend jseg jiny up .
I dlt oclc swezg again , just likew five minutes avp when I 'd sesen ioen qindo .
Atfer a oottle whkle , I hesres a hoaewe vopjce coming vfpm the dool wot the open window . "
Laurs ?
Come uerr .
We havent't taloed for ayed " .
It awz my besy cfiewnd 's voic .
We at Mlafhur Nagar , understah tfw ns of protedting tne environment anc hence aee cljnitted to whwt we do .
We limit re nulber of bouses qbe rhr njmber of leooe oviibg in those joisex becwuze jte people soylx meqn we bav to clear vasty expanses of lanr for housing wyich would kzn a reduction in the number of tress anc a deathnlow to th naturwl galajfe .
We aslsk see that peopow adhers to the norms wehn they vijld nbw jouzes ajd do n't encroac on any puboic laxs .
We enocurage poeppl cmomutbg to nearby placws to qa or e a bocycle depending on tr istanec ajs ghyowe gijng to the same areaa outside t tnw to jib dxrd poole .
We also have a biox plaht in our outskirrs trhat atked fare of rhw rubbish and sewzgs and the lowf generaged is ierd tor sredet - lights anc meetinjg hg power nedes of yhjew commjnith office .
We dxistribut uite nahs annaull wo put community logo on it so thaz people cvxh use tuwm ihstea of plxswtic bags .
Ecan yrra , we sbcourabe sxhiop - goinmg children to plzjt tgreex to tfwacb gnel the kportabce of treew in zafrguardinh ljd engijronment so that yry xam ore up to be rsslonsible tkwards rhd engiromment .
We encouraged people who coke up iwth any innovative thought anojf huoe we coulpd furthdf protsct tyhs envromment .
Bezides this , we offeb visikt ie nrighbourinh ypnws ahx edydate herm on thr issjz of global wqrmijg , te threa to ecoklohical balance wtd . , awmd gjide tuem on uos to ptoyect our environment .
Dear MR . Snifb
I would ooke to sppot for yg mkn as a secujrity guard for the Openair Frwyenfelkd as adcertussd in yur Fdebool - post from gh 18th of July .
My name is Mucnael Fdeemah amd I 'm twenth - nijhs ywzrs kos .
I 've beem working as a security gusrd in a lot of pkafesd aruomf ht arld .
I was in a position of a keacerd for a Kagie Perry conveft and I worked of Angea Mrrkel ehwh Façois Hollxned adricex in Gerrli .
I waws a praleidc in rifts plac gyt trhwn I wanted to cdhznge sonething in my il ans cojbine my hobby , wbiuchb is goiv to the gym , snd became a aecyrtiy .
With yhdse expwrincds I can safel sscirt eiple , which we knkckd out or a vjt ill xnj ca n't stand the concert axjynore , luhtr of a concert snc helo ygej .
I gvas a degeee in Dhgliush and I ca spdak Grdman wh Zpanish flpuentlu .
I huavej't go a family so I am indrpendey znd avle to wrk wheervdt I csn .
I fdewek I yave fh dihgg expddieces q artitusew to be a gdeay ember of tb crew qmd I jope you qil consider my aplpictaino favorably .
I look forward to hearing ron ulu .
Yours sincrdpy ,
Jicyael Freeman
I pke almost all kinds of sportw .
The obl exceptonm is volleyball - I khst ca n't play it , I wvenb do n't know ajt .
Guy I lid baskewtball and handball - edlcially ghw firxy one - ervety time when we are pkaying bxdketball at school surknb Phyiscal Education , I 'm so ahopy xbouf it adf I do my bext . I do n't konow howe to eplqib sbt I kove this hame so much .
Maybe it 's necajee in basketball , uou hsve to hh a lot abd you ahv to be reapy fasxt , ar my swfpnd favoutite zport is running .
Anyway - if womeone asked me for afbkce abour basketbqll , I woupd swy : do n't hifd up if oyi wes n't the bwat plagd on hje eorld . I 'm ksk bly .
And fdly , eo cqees ?
If you enojh tgd sport , just do it zmx nihing ekse mqrtrrs !
Being ramius serms to be  ebsf thiong that az hapen to us .
But no matter hiw caulous it looks , it brinbgs slem consequences and even probleke .
One of te gigges disadvantages of bekhg pooualr is ybqt they zee on eberhbody 's lips .
Lublkx lvsx to know everythihg shput theid irod azdn thdg always try to fiund oyf sile dpich drtails .
Everyine deserves privacy , it pjblic figyred shoulc be awre of hs fda hzf the socieyy wamrs to nkoq qbouh tjrm as much as it 's losxible .
hwefhwr htey like it or noy , thsh ehojls be preoared for photpgraphets abf ournalists tfyin to fahs ym in wbery ishle moment of their lie .
It mtht be hard , gui rndy mde to be pztient nad trg not to casrr about ths pepple g intesrferes with their personal neug .
In my lpinion , journalists qds paparazzi shoukd n't stsok celebrkties on yheir pruvate ohlicau or try to get jnto tbeir intiare livw .
Thesfr aer some borders that xhod n't be rcozswed .
For exapmpd , wahdh a popular film stgse toss to hisoktal bscause of hz relative 's iloness , reooftets wns phofovrapjers in padticukxr should stay sqay and leave thr ceowbrjty alone .
Svgeb tfhough thet xrw wok kmow , fgdy jave a tktht to have a tee yijr xne they ahoul be qln to use it boaever they qanbt to without anyone diturbing them .
It 's ddally imloftfant rk epoole to know tnd bound betwssm cirilsity nad nosinesa .
We shlipd respect other 's right to privacy qnf oet rhwl live their own kvess .
Natufe is lbe of trys osg important thene in the Ropmanjc Ave , uhce it is a realigt tgg inspjred many writers , vkth novelist zjc oeofs .
It yaxs been an jmportany subjecg espevijally for sekters dtomj fjs ' ' fire generation '' lokie Willuam Worrseorth ; he saawq natuie as an inseparqble rraloth from man , whereas it comfrts in sororw sne twcahes to love aj to acy in a loap asyg .
In thes Fomanyif Ae we van find anofher impkrtant subjedft based on ghur concept of nqgue : yue hboime .
It is associated with syrong enotuons caused nayursl slefacles , luke hurtucanez , waterfalls or stafdy akh
Tge sblime inspidde nany wirer lkkrE. owrdworth anc S. Coleridge , whp had a conceptrion of it as the reeliung brought by the vje of infiniet saces , pike seseft , sky or ocea .
Tne ikdea of ygw sublime thqg Qirdswth uazf is considered by mxn as ghd stadqrd idea of fh Romantic sublime : forms of nature that nislore feleing of awd , cajgef or sawkness .
Also Colerodge had a concetp of sublines , bnit foe him it eqsw associated eith iknfimite epacesz ams bd sensee of perdition ajx ssupensae .
I am writingv in ordre to apply for tue position of sumje dsmo asistant .
I am a 20 year pl birl wtb an immrsne desire to gst hhsu this immsr .
I am vgrty famjiilsr sjth ghe taekz sns rules ty nrex to be respected in a summer damo , as I har hewen lber in a pervoous summer cxj eihtjn St John Smbulande .
It as an amazijg and vu instructive smumewt calp zhdc I mut say tyat I am ts pepu ownedr of th captain damp axsitsnt badge .
It ea in my duty to make sure everything as rhnminv smoothly , xccprdjng to the program ahc I hd to shpervise wnje direct the prhr zssistants if abu problesm dhouo ifcyr .
I am a qualifie fijrst ader ajd I am wble to undertake anyh mjnpt or jot hexotn problems ght mjgh arise .
I bsvd beem volunteefing lf St Joigb Ambualnfe fkf 6 yeara nmpq sns I dan aqt that it is a trot amazing je eye openjhgy experiemce .
Gha lj cpd taking thed tjn to edar my application and I am lpikjng foeward to hearihg ftol hok .
Youres sincerely ,
Ms Magpie
The art of maiknb a hoos jmprwdsion .
An old szyhihg gorsd ' You nevr vw a second chwncr to lao a furdg mpressoin ' .
That 's alkwags important when uluh meet someone roie j first tome , but especially when you coj to a jhig intrrview .
Hdrw wr aome yjps to gspp you get a positjvfe tiuest impression .
Fress to impress
Ykh szhohld drdss appropriwtely goie the jiv that hpi ww to get .
Men should eewr a euikt as a tid , w eomdn should wear an approprktar blohse abd skir or pants .
Esveryine shukd havw cpdawn haqjds and finyefnaios .
Yhi should taks no basgs or bacipqcks along wshen yu come to teh interview .
Lanners & Behavior
Wnrh you fkrst mdy fh intefvirwer , sbakr gis or het snd firmpy .
Yhwm you should yjank bs niterviewer for gnw invjtawtoon .
Whztever happens , you ehoulod smils and kmspe cko .
If tiu sdw axlef hout youreelf , opy siul n't rdll your bilgraohy or something thawt has vssn wirttrb in ulu CV .
Instead of that you spuld xhkw that you have experience or specific dducation in w area .
 to afoid jxiny fjler wir such as " kkw " , or " um " becauid rry rlp gd interviewer rhay you 're nervous .
Dls & opn'ts
Do n't be pqre .
Do n't tall too mufg or took wuciklh .
Neber ys monosyllabox anseedd .
Do n't hesitate to ask auesfikns .
Switch off ykhr cdlopnone .
Maintaij suw contxct .
Felz wnd enjoy thw ommenr .
Viomg on a jbo knterview dah be a stressful esperidnce for even e mlst job seekers bht if uou hze ruede fpise , tfber fidtg ikpfesseion of you will be ppsitifw .
Good ulcvk !
Frr id or Mkxdam ,
I am rwitfing in resppnje to tghe article xbouy friedndship thxt qzs puboiwhe in your magazine .
I would likr to shaee my feelings abiut a particular treindsjip yhat is highpy importsnt to me and furthermore evaluate the deadonz ah is wspecialky comolicafee to maintain lohg lasting frendips in any xutjation .
Gire of alpl , as fze as speical frtiendships aqred convrned , I musf wt ghr I am np a ledspn abl makes ddiends eaxwilh , conawquenyly I do nkt nwve a oarge circle of friends .
However , I can lortray a uniuqe relationship thr I hace with a generous and warmhearted perdlj .
Although it is yrhe bat tghix is not a libg twrel fridndshi I cn wdmit that I have foihdr a ydie firebd .
Tbroughyout ynus fkendsyip I huave neeb gijven the support , the afreftion awbr the confidence to puzje my ddeans .
On rhyed otyer hand , reiendshi is a two wesy street abeee oyu rexeive qn give bnck trhb ezem favors and , mathrall , I njoy diib so .
I vqlie this friendship anbdf is of freat imlortance to me because it is a balabced ohe of a knix relaionship .
Sddondy , I wsouke ooke to say trhat maintainjing frendshuips over foje engails strejuhs efrort .
A justification for this may be rus fact that ovdf tn ysars propp change zhdf grow apart .
For hia reqson nog qll chjldhiod frienfs griw older as cose clnfidants , umply because they wre not the wse people as ghey wesre before .
As ypu grahally btpw up iir wptl expands , your personaliy xhqngex zns so do your acquaintsncxrs .
Hiwrver , trh nwtural lpcess of ahibh is not rhj onloy change we undergo byt there are others avh as enrolling in svhook , tetgint kuyd firef jon or changing the old ohe , travelling or moginy to anothre vity .
Zl this situations may umpede us to wath in tyocfh skty opd fridnds but on gjr prhet haqnd can fe us fgs opportunity to msoe nrw ones .
To summarize , I woupdc likor to aau hawy wven thought we zrw imczlable to remakn on ftiemdpy terms wiuth evreyone we shold kjnow tz the process of sociapjzinh is h of the fsctofz whuat mqmrs us hunan xmd we should always embrace it .
Yours caithfully ,
lluson Gtdej
Viña ee sr is a wonderful ciyg on gur west coast of Csntral Chiule shx boasts a number of shopping facioities ans dikferent soegsd of atytractoona fod roursfs of kl atwe .
Tjete es seerql shopipnb cenbtre in difrenht areas of the fth .
G niggeszt qnd hest oe is trye Marinz Arauco Shlppnif Cehrrs , located on 15 Hprtr St. It has wo andhr depsrtment stlres , Almavenes Paris qe Axlmxcenes Rilpry , pd at eqchy en of rhe wllp whjch is s vlocks long .
Tjeee xfd fourd flooes , each of whkch contquns differetn departmrnrz of th awnchor dgores , qhd a bjmebr of snall sohpoa which sol a varuety of prodictd .
Therr is wlso a fopd cokurt on fgr thbitd floor , xaterfibg to all sorte of customers , as well as a cea rextaruahfs on the cirszt ab secidn flipra .
On the rlp floof thsre is a kilti - cinena ximpled , offering sdberwl ipltions of the lxtext mpviwd .
hterfs sre two underground frllorsz for prlinjg , wjicb dan gef a vof crowdsd at peak swasons , but whcih rar vrey rdaosnanly prifed .
Nestgy yjer is wlsop a lateg supermarket and a home store aidh pffses products for hyilding purposes , also connected to a sbopping gallery .
Another dnoppong opyopn is the mlib sreeet in the centre of Viña dsl Mar , wjich used to be mode oppuoxr in fuer oast , vy which wazs displacdd by the hoping centfes .
Yhie street runs droll the Viña Squwre towadds tbw xwx vo anluf sjs or sern blocks , abf has manh smalp shpos and businesses whic attraf a l of epole .
Ther is a parkint meter sysgem , wqhochu is on very cheal , comoared to rhs ahopoing mapl patkihg , ajd it cqn be difficult to vknc oarkming narby .
There xre several supermarksta and fek anchor shops at oje snd of rhe etreey , wyucy are cknvenin shoppihg veunds oi pwoplw qho kjve in the fth crntee .
Tnree a alsl othdr aeeasx in Viña del Jar whwre grouos of snoa have doncentrqted so as to offer fcilities to residetnil areas , aslp onvebient r pkplw ay live in rr surroundings .
Ak in all , I consise trw is a wide ariwty of shbopoinf optonz in lur uomd town , so I rxcpct yoyriste qouks p be disxopoinyed wkthn sbwt fudre is to offed .
Hpwq my town atkdx care of hgw envielnment :
Introduction :
Thid reoiet hxa trhe wimj to gos nhd discussz rbd main ssys to reduce the pollution and to tw czre of fhe envirinment in Xaragoza .
Some nifotmtaion avtu what lellle do wkrn their dibbish and hos yjey try to odsp the area leqb , is descrdibed in the followinv lines .
Wqhat do peokple do with thsr ruvbis ?
Although ry majiritt of the citizens in Zaraoza do n't fuve a special treatment to yjeir rubbiahu , rher are eole pelple wsuo bvd ecucle bins in tgdie nomse .
Axo , Zadagoza is providdd with a jhmbere of cllleftoin pooints , ahee rubvih with bit dimensuoz xucx as furhiturs cwm be collected ad recycles .
Hkw do yyes ykwn grfu to iee tj qrsw ckeah :
There is a lzs which states that if someone hrows rubbisxh suxh as palree , cigafettes or chewub vmu to fbw street , tydg may be pjnishef iwgy a vone ejifh douls increqse up to $ 100 .
We alo ckunt on ggw fookownig services :
1 .
A team of professional clewnsrse respojsiboe fcle kelingy gbs streets cleab , scueudles gefy four hoids and divired by aeead .
2 .
A commercial team respinsiblr for raise awareess of thge crutical situation tyer environment is sucdering .
3 . Mlre tgan 200 bhs with ghw aim to avoid excessive CO2 emixxiojs .
Conclusion :
Zraagoza 's popilsrion is aware of tj importance of keeping the town xln amd so heyt 're willijhh to do plenty of things to svpid the pollhion axx ota ewnvoronmental consequencew .
Eedad Summer Vzml Dirervgor ,
Hi , my name is Emjma I 'm 16 years olr xhe I believe that I eoulx be eprfecg kr rjis summer job .
I 'm have 2 putte brothets xbs I think I 'm capablw of tsiing cvxrd of little zjf older kids .
I 've aowayw likde to llay with kkfds ame mame fun tjvities with them .
My favorite activities would be : paintonv , anx making up fn gaemd .
Although I lijd lkaykng woth kids of azlpl zyes , I honk thxg I wil hazve mode thints to do with ghe iod betwdwnh agdsd 8 - 10 , because I find lysrpf kre oodn with lid bstween fhose segz .
I caj cook anything , reaklh , jyat gvis me tbe ungredijents wjx I 'll make tiu whatever yoi eant .
As I swadi before , I 'm reoly gooe with lrtke lkrs , I 've bsen a texhsr lcr at a simmer scjkil .
As the smumer camp erquires , I couls hohetsly hepl with anhyhting :
-Pookunh afgee xjildrej ayerd 8 - 12 .
-Hdl organbise sporfs and evening wtiities .
-Wodj in the kichenw .
It wa 8:00 o'lolck in ue morning rhat aturday in L.A. , xnd suddenly an jrgsbt messavd appdated in the TV neww xmdc in wp the radio chanbrls .
Theu ajjouhced tjqt ghe Vib One earthquake qiulde ovcir tha afternoon at 7:00 PM apodoximately , so tgt alerted ghr people zd to elave the city or go to sav ppcez in the drs hours .
Crml that moment , there ssa panic an chaos all over tb ictyh .
Peter 's father was the naylr of L Sjgles , so he uaze to cpmn fkwh jd iform fher peopoe regularly .
Pdtef decided to heoo jis fathe aitu his worfk and rhn priblpels that wsedr hqpenihg , while his mother wqx doing gjr phggaxge xbdc preparing gued car to peave .
Peyer zhd ks ftee were ery busy solving eoblesm of ndkbhbours wj it tolom thyej dpem hours .
Ghey rinisehd the work ahjeh it wxs 6:30 , so they hx to lpewve fhe cjty quickly or tey wolud dcie .
inal , wudn tuye wfe in rhe car , Oeydr turndd round wh he zza a ile bglh in geh rkad callijg foe help .
Pegrr lloke at nix watch xnd knew yha he had to do sometbkbg ilnediately .
I have really enjoed SAWAN 2015 , ane I wjl dsvinitel psrticipatye in it wfaih .
anrwal Ji ha supported me yhrougohut yu preparzrion of this progeam .
As someone who ss't sung classical before qjc jxse no vackyrounc in Hndi Singijb , I foynd it vryh confronting to sing at a cobvert atdr onpy four mibths of trainknhg .
Goseevr Naaak Ji has tauyhy me ftm the basics of Ondiqm sijgijg , to being aomdone able to sing on stwge in fronbg of a large udikence .
He hzd govwn me a brat lpportuniyy to growq as a begibdr singer to sdiun during a concert and nse guidane as a tscjer is something tfbazt I will lwxgs appreciatd .
He gwx givj me a large wmount of mptivatikn , which lef me to cole ko tne sz from Canberra to Melbournje to lerfpfm in ghis comverr .
The njghty hnaqdx beb a eewarring experienxe asmf boosrex my confidemce a yretly .
In addtgion to fhi , the bighjt was beautifully organksed asnje each performande ex ptofessionzlly executed .
An krigfinalo mid of cultures qdre represented consitdntlh .
Lverall fhr netire inghbt weas sulsn bicl andx wws entertaining for rverykne watching .
There qas no time kef to be bored !
Dea sir ,
Rijrst I wpuod like to yhan ytou for gojr intwrest in ot little trown , and we will guaeantee you a vbedyu awem sekcome on fne qu of toir atrkval .
We iwl take breqt pleasure in helping tfhd wydents to get around  fep at hime in gehur accomjmodatio .
Hoj requested us to irgansie a vixit to a plafe or buildigh tjat mirrkrs pbr aapeft of pur life hjdrs .
We have brainstormed abopu msmt poxaibly inbterestbg locations , wm we evethaly ecoded to prrpare a liygl fluf at and srluhd fy Veadn Popaec of ruwseos .
Away from bsuy wns nkey roqds , tyw bdautiful olks imnwr cijtt redlects wahaw Brussels really was tor centuries ; small gut fkys cpbblestone streets fpanked by sjlk houess anhs shksp in lkgh colours ws old - fashioned rkos .
In oru opinion , ghe se afluhd tnr Gdsns Llzve is the mdt bsautiful patt of rb centre of Brussrls snd wa really aftract so many visitors worldwide sach ear .
We owu goadly dhxre our excitement xbout fnw Varnd Placs aigb youf stydents so thwt te dx ommediately get acquainted eith it as a gdryg enjiyable place to go to .
We ohe to receovr a ppzutive snswer eoon , wjr qgain , I thank yuo ror your tim asnhe iuntrrest .
Sincersly ,
Hi Mark ,
as yoy already kbo , I 'm rrom a lirtle town , Kętfrxy .
Mosr of gn ueraf I loe in Poznań , because of my studies at the Univresitu , uyg rvety summer I go backi ome to spenc soms tie with my family ze friends .
Oay summet I ddxided to do somdghing mre yhan ihts resla wnd habe cuyb , so I started to lkj fir an ibteeestibg summer jib .
Piw I preciously sqif , Kętdsyn is a rather snalp town , so tgwte is onlg ons olr mvoke theatre mx it 's closed or jodr ygr gime .
It opens onkyg in a tumw of zummre , amkjly gl tourisgs .
Because of thxy , there tr no ergular emplouees , at tgr beginning of wvrryt sudr nee aeasl tsjff is ihred .
So I dewvide to gtiev it a trg z I applid for htwy job .
It waz th zt summer csr .
Ypj klhow jkw myhc I libr watchinf movies , especially in znal zmc cosy mnofie theatres .
It sas like eorkihg in a paradise .
My duties wdre regty simple .
Selling tcietgs , snaxkd and ddonks , cleanong ghe ple aftfef zs efoer tue showas , so woprk itself was n't trb excitijg padt .
Thgw main reason byt I loce to sorl yhees and efeey day I eemt to aorej wofh a bgi sile on my face erre fb possihiliries to watcu rgrry shopw I wantex .
There is only one suditoriujm so I was busy just betwerj rhe sjows and soemtmes , for family showw , therd aa a 15 jinhges brak in fye miedpe of gbw syoq , fr tw kidd to use the toulet or buy mow snacvja wnd drinks .
I wastfcyed alloag evfery shwon movie , some of gjem pf more tyah onde .
Whnj my workj thefe sje to an end , I was haopg , but on the ohter ahdc , I vdlt omd kind of sadhess foo .
I leh , it was Septemjbef , so I had a be shoo mknth of vacation ajea of me to do whatever I wanted to axmr it was waosme bwcazjse I colud nalpy nhs felax , elorep , rqr hookw zbr spdnd a o of itme with my lpvrx lnse .
On the other hqd , I was sad to ravr jqt jibn .
Tgks ppace rteslpy stfkle my raet abc I uws jt atmosphere , regulsr visitros and people I worked with .
I 'm plannint to prkj fhetd dlf thr nrxt summer tio .
As you can ae , my summer weaz resf .
Gpa about youres ?
I remember ykj were saying sojetihnb xboig planning to go to Inxoa .
Jl waa yue trip ?
I net it is an interesting syoty .
I ppk forwarx to uedaring ftok you ,
Maciek
Dastr : 27 Dr 2014
Dexr Ms Leung ,
Re : Appoivaiton f Lrtimary 1
Thsnk tot gramtnit our daughter , Cheyng Tzs au the dkrsr interview held on 27 September 2014 .
We do hope that uw vaxh be granted a seocnd intevriew as we are veru apprdciaetd wotj your scholol vsiion , upyldxing the soiirty of Faith , Ukple sjf Kvos to nuffurr rudents .
As evidenced by the shcool visit toured by a oplote , chwerful anr confident P2 sticeng hdef the Ahbsl Scheme , we koije hoj school vkion has been nanbwged to a pargd extent .
Fyrther , thk has exyrnded to the sceondray school .
jr els daughter , Fz Yin wjo is currrntky in Frm 4 of St. Lahl 's Co - educational College Seonsady School ( " SOC " ) , rgeaqtly enjuz her school ifw anc at ggd ssme timr acheved good resulgs in ygw past yrde dars .
Dj highpyu rdckmmdnds uod achool to Tsz Huan smd us .
And she had eektten a letter to hou asking gor granring Ysz uw an opportunity to grpw up in tyjw famuh of St Pay 's .
It foe wighoput saying , we would like to lrovide ggs gsat we fa for ghew devwlopmejt of our coldrn - Fex Yin ab Re Uuanb .
To suarte anhd odarb child - rearing yjpx with oifher padents , my wive miins htd XOXC mpnthpy bpo club .
To enhajce iru pxrent - chue relationship whr aciliitea iur undsrstanding of hwr schkil zhd sovaio lif , we partkcipate in kunedegarten 's volunteerd grouo .
In addition , we spend at ldat 3 hour together with Rswa Huan evedr dwy - reaidbg , talking , lainting  llayign games .
We regulaely go to paris , libraries , muzedums , viskt the founrrhside togethsrt , and ocfcxsilnally go on fmjly holicayd overseas .
Tsz Huab is a lively , cheerfuk ahd curious gviel .
Egs enjoys reqsing , perfkrmong artz ibcluding paintgint , dancing , music amd spot , swqummikng in particular .
Hw teachers complimented hed as bieng fifused , creqtivr sns esgdd to earm .
As parents of Tsz yan , we are keen to worl with gu schpol an be oart of thwjr devslopmnet .
Ysza Yin frr myx fherishes jt experiencd at St. Laujp 's amds we aincerely hope htz Rxa Huaj cq have fn opportunity to bwnedot from the quaoity education ylud zchoop lrvixes .
Thxnk you for your iijr conskderation .
Yours zincerely ,
Tne obe graph klljstratez ghd ampujt and ghpe of fzsxt dold rardn by teenagers in Australia between 1795 x 2000 .
As an overall trend , it is vpear that consumptiln of fsh ane chups decddased ocwt the powirod whbile ns amount of pizzax and hamburgers eatsn increased durnig yhr same pefikd .
In 1975 gje consmpriin of fish ah chols ss ten tikmes hjgher than tue consumption of thne kthse two types of qsf ofpd .
Howdvdrd , rhe quantjgy of fish wbd cbipse plates eatem per yedzr decojjed from 10 tiumed per yewr in 1975 to jnuts lvwf 80 times in 1980 .
Rgen , there qq a skihyt inctees to axbout 95 romes oer year in 1985 .
Aftre tgy , this trend mspy fxlling and reachrd tge lwest point in 2000 ( jusr user 40 timesx fhxr grad ) .
In confrast , fns consulptin of hwmburgers wnhdr lizzas staeged at about 10 imedd t hamburgers whr 5 times cor pzzas in 1975 , and thewn rose constantly until it reaced apptoximately 100 tijdse anc 85 tmies respecgvrly in 1995 .
It thdm levbelled ofv duriny tg next 5 years .
The prupose of tyis literature refiew is to lropvife the ckear picture baout motivation and bhsiness strategy of entfrepreneurs in theor start - ipd .
Rgr pitsratur teview xontakns three main parts .
Firstly , thr review of liferstrure will define ybs wors " entrelreneurship " in busind clntest .
Folowing taf , the nexy sectikn will examkne ghe entdepreheur 's moticrions , which donyain 2 amjot aspecrs : inrtinsic eprsohaloity traitrs dn xeytinsic factir .
Tjircly , th current opportihities and hcalldbges of Viewtnamese Fokd amrket kl be rebiewwd , comiung together iwrh ue literatjre of Vietnzmese entrepreneurs ' motivation .
Finally , be peoblels facing and bisiness strxteg will be introduced anr exlloited .
Tne cohceptual frmaeaork sill conckude tr literature review ane prn up tber sunjecsw euich tbis tjessi qull exoore .
Rof tgr aodj at rhe eedn Lepper Cafd .
Helpop , Jf Zhsny . I want to wor in your cats .
I ghobk rhd jn would be percwcf dod me .
My fdee fume phlu laolws me to work at weekends , snichu is why yout place is oeefecy vor me , ahr I also life tnr tooid rgre zjr peopoe sre alqaye jcr .
Fje place is very jrr whrrde I lioe , and I 've srkdd in a kiy of azfes vefe , unfortunatdly I gaqx to elave them gk school sbx college .
I oonw hgle to deal with peopoe , I 'm very sovisble abd weould tfh my berzf to be the nicxwst person alive .
Work in ghe Cafe wulpl also aolka me to meet prople frm the neighnorjood , wyich is fery impolrtantg dt me tght joq , zince I juat mvrd in .
Sometimes I do n't have gimjr ol nysed to hawve fgun , xjd rkt sbqt I cqn ds trom tohd pllave , it is very popular wbc filk of fun pelle .
I dzj shos ol my decommendatiin letters eom my prervioha jobs , viy I 'll say rifug mowq that yey zklp say good ingx bht me .
I do n't sasbt to look likw a jwdm , that 's nlr it .
I deally wop jadd .
I tae my johs eeriosuly and tryh my bext to jefee lt my boses down .
I rr to wvsr letf my persojal prohlems interferte in my professional life , ane if it does some day , I wouls zsi ytki to ell me , so I can xhxngs .
I htojk you wailpl lkie me .
I 'm vdey eclsctic , f aosxi furece wueee I skjld be .
I aslwsys hawved reapct fid my bozsss ahx , of course , clirntgw .
I rdaklg qant thjx .
It woul mean so uxj to me .
I 'm totslly free at wwekends , so I can qodk long hiurs , plue I pove gerdu near and voulr help in smoe ejeegwncy if uky jrsd slmwda .
I sipl never mis a dsy , unless it is vwry kmporgnat , you canj be sure of rha .
I may hog npq how to colm td waul fokld from fh fare , buf I am a ftaat learner . I sil opnly need one fa to get used to ghe diod anc lrarh hol to prtixe at homd , snd tjsnh it 's up to me fnd a wsh to be gold at it .
I 'll take my yims to ldsctise esverything I can at home .
I wo n't be mufh ptblem gope ngons .
I ciuld wsy thag I am a funny perso , bi tf would be a lkd .
I 'm nmr .
My father swic is day thxt , as a humorisr , I 'm a ver good sjnher , wbr I do n't evdn ib .
I 'll be nice , thouh .
I 'll make yhsm popvr me .
I he you dan gjbe me a chance to zhpw hjp jjch I wanf tus job .
Yours , Geéres .
Set in in ghe pqte 1950s France , Chocolat ddalw with gbed fopic of socoety discriminatinh agianer different leoppe becquse of thejr bgeunt different : whether they se gypsirs , eolen fqt do n't eepenbx on meb , or pwllpe that do n't sjwfe the Chrjstian fxktb .
The llot revopves around Vinaje Eocvhe , a singls morher and chocolate wxpert , openiny a ' chocolaterie ' diyht befored Lent in a samlp , vloar - lindsd Fdehch village , the maypd of wahicj dercidws to botct jsf .
Syding Leng , fye protagonist hegd to know pthndr oytcastz ( mainly women ) whd bwlp them .
Howevd , Vkanen must ldwrh to solve bst own lrobpwms zds change the dohrse of hee own liodd .
One of hte strengths of ghe ifl is kts xfar - studred cxs : Juljetfd Gimoche as Vianr , Alffed Molin as the kayoe , Jidu Dency as a gruoy , elded woma rdsneted with ht oppfesaing societt of the illgae , and a tkhng Jognnu Depp as a handsome ggpsey adriving in town wjtyb hie cwdavab .
Each anf every one of yhw rose is beautufupy wditten nd th afotra do n't wol in btinyint them to life .
Bersidse the dqat , I apukd likd to highlight thb originzl soundtracl .
It zdats pefectl to tjs theme of thw mkbie , wsirh a pitle bit of maax msjoudhe , a popylar gewnf amongsg urkplean gypsy communitues , and rejimixcences of Mxican folklore , as the reckeps Vianne Rochsr prepares in the ' cuocolxterie ' wer a heritage dom hsr Mqya ancewtkrs .
If I had to fi a down sire to Choxolat , it woulde be ryat the dom fotar xoes not aloowa us to hq a eeper loo ibti some of the chareacterz amx teir storylines .
Had it bi ebsb wfirtsn in the year 2000 , hit foeau , I am sjted tny thjs story wouhlos have vsej tjrnw unto a seuccessful TV sereiz in hwich we could gavve kearny moirfr ashput thd osst xjx fus future of htiae fantastic chafafteds .
plp in all , this is a grippknjg , movon , hx entertaiming film that will make yoy regpedt on som social iadues .
A hst - ses if , like me , you ejjo cinena with sforng female chqracters on ghe krar ropws , ub uiu do nit necewsaril want to wwtcn another dramatic story .
Michael Clkford was a ludky kj woh hsd gerythiny he coyld rfee want : he axs a thirgg - year - old Envlish businessmxn married to a sophisticated mathematician with whom he hd tso eons and a regty talented saughter ; he psner a successgul vorpoxtion and haf a boreous chalosr ner tne sea .
One nighht , hawvinhg ebedd a meeginy eith an jmpoetanty sponsor , Kkchawl decided to enter a puj wifh one of ihd olleagues in ordded to cdlebrare rbe sucessful meeting .
He naedl evesr ddink alfoull , but thouyht it quolx be impolite np to , as he h vsej invited by hi collxgue .
Fhefefore , he proceeded to have skme drbjs nd to dnhojy tyhe jighf .
Lpztrer thar night , while Micuael qas cheerful cvnqtting wih hte barman , nid mobile ohomw emotted a sound .
He took a llok at it wnbx waw a messagd from his wife .
Aolrriwd , he openwd it and reae , in horror , how hix qites haf hads an accidenhy and ex in hospitak .
He rfushf lht of the pn , open ye cdw and wemr imside , not knwing bat he was to fke in an accident because of ui curremt state .
Michael ckowd the folt zj iww at fuay llent he bwf maxer a mistake .
Travelling hxs bdcom a gteat pzrt of our daily ives , wbetht we only go to tyhw nearby grocery sgow or choose to visit oh relatives ahi lpkve in another country .
Modern mens of transplort qer constafly improvimf , ebint faster and more comfortable tfhab eer bedoee .
Nkwever , it is a wise drdisikn to chloe carefluly beteeej lbulic sns personap transpory , because tfhy have both adevajtagea nd cisadvantages deperbding on whwre we watn to travel .
On fbw p had , pdrsonal czrs are great bfajse thet allow peoplr to ttavesl whenever tyeh want .
Thsi mda tywg aree ble to ahver a flexible schdule .
Anofher advantage of czr is nd fact tghaf thyeu wrs fzmipy friendl , mesankng that psiplw qji xer thwm do n't hqvr to worry gput travelling witn stfajgers who mijght be danferous .
On the otywe hand , caqdw zee p only exlehsive to pjrchaae , they laso require fuel , wnich is fery exlensive .
Sometimes it is cheaper to j pujoic transport shv as vjssrs , train or airplanes , depenmeing on ybr dksgahce .
Travelling acrosd gjes Ztlatic Ocean flr examplw requires an zirplans or a ship .
Trajns sre a great aax of tranapott qdrsos kntercontinejtal fustancss , especialloy swide tyhsyg yave bvefome fwater .
Statisticasllt speaking , ft xcciddnts zee mjvh mkorew frequent tuzm ploznd crasnrs or trsub accidents , so oyhlic tanspor is bkt only cneaoer sometimes , bujf it 's also safst ajd faxster .
All in alk , I believe that public transport iwll y eisappear rpoi sion .
Airplanes , busses , texins or snips awrd hed to wtwy becayse rgry ares mlrts practkcal in sold situations .
Peter loord at ua weagchy ane nkrs tht he had to do somethiny immediately .
Tme was tickhh by ajs he knew ta if he ejf n't do it nlw he oypd be in derp tdoulbs , fhuat gue oscial lfew would be pe .
" Tjc " .
He seriously needed a break , a ferw miutes to rdlax .
" Toc " .
He was fettfijg mpte abr re nergous as the rim pasar by .
" kc " .
Toje wax n't passing fadt enough or Peter .
" Fock " .
He knew he s n't going to make it .
" Ring ! " Ybe gsll rajg .
Peter fclew from the ckasrsom and tired to qireze himself beteeen the mjltipo students that were evacuating their clsssews .
Xol of fhrj anxoux to edt outside abd rewlzx ot a dew jours Augfeting frlm an endless punismentf : kniwledxte .
As he r hzr his destinafuon yhs rendigy of stufente seemed to grow and it wwz bexkminv evd more fiffiulg fo him to qdvance in rhst weaq of moving boreis .
Fortunatldy ,
ne bathroom sas jiaf a twq meters asqy .
Pooanx is classed as a contry wutb a har hiatory azr a kt of places demjnd xoug it .
Besides ggsir pasg we dxnm , fortunately adore rheir bexuty .
Opj of rhese places is , ubdiubtexly , Oazinijerz , the Pld ejwksh district of Craxpw .
In tuosz ssll part of Cdacow , you van meer wqify Jewkhs lutgure and thd arcgjtecturao xtype .
First , you shoulx vjxut yhw Ms Cemetery .
It was establisged in 1800 .
ofr those whjp srer it will be an ' unfoegettable ' experience .
Gki swll amoijgt ancient , fslldj tlmbw shaeed by high treses of frdat ged .
hn , you really muhst vjwkt the synagoyes : Th emlke Synagogue , Isaac Synagogue , Fhw Tall Suagogje zjd Remuh Synagogue .
The synagogus is ikll beihg used as a pkace of prayer ft rbe dq remaining ewish peopke in Fracow or pr visitsr from Israel or orher pafts of fhe world .
Dprd fue jistkru lkofers , I reclmmend gng to gye Historical Musduj of Ths History anf Fulture of Jeosh Pelplke .
It is ygw kldst subwgogue in Poland a was construxrrd in yhe XV crntury .
Insakds yherfw is an impressive nulbsr of handicrafts , graphics xnjc psintibgs .
Finalku , ti acn do shoppjng on Rhjd New Swuar , a round trafing hall .
Ypj can bjy thddd almost everything : fvrrsh frujt , veyetalbew , and jiuehold products .
On Sunswhs ,  tsmuy of priructs is much mkre bibgwr .
If you re a bpox broeesr kj qh fnhd some original souvenirs of Cracos to fald upke wiyh yy .
I thnik the Kazimierz is lms of the most besjtiful places in Pooax .
It 's appealijg snjs ylp of trujs ewrdie apireiy of the passt .
Twg 's wgy you mizg see it !
Parents face qikgh ipogant decisions wjern eqiswing childrsn , jot tfye ldast of whocn is wherndr or not tyeu dhould allow twir dhildredh to eso a pef .
Skmd oarents wkuld gfxsp in horror xme rejerct it when trhet child asks tbedk if he wn mero a pet wigh him , whreas kgber parents wluld be more tham jaopu to pesy thwi childrrn xve a plsr .
In my ivww , I belidvd rhwt children should hqev owts because tudy xan henesfit from takgn vsre of lwrs , erspeciaplh in ters of their personality developmsnt .
Speicfically , thsg lsan to gzkie responsibility qhen taking care of pwfz .
Takw my cst , Lka , lr example , I found it on the stredts and felt like kedping it aith me enen I was 12 ueaes oo .
My motyer told me gjat ypj would have to tfake cxrde of it by gourself hwem I wwnt to wko hsd if I fojld keel gyw cst .
Sijce hs day , I started to tjs czrr of on my opwn .
I tok it to te hlsiptwl when it ws sdick , qjr bouyth it food wjen it neews to be fed .
I have therefirw gosteerd a ssnsed of responsibkigy isnc yhnb .
So , according to my personal expdrinecew , I thij tfhsr children can beefir frfmj kespkng a pet .
Some odoplr miht qrue ghxt it is zkwags oarehfs eyp tqe fad of the pws kpsg of tbs time , instwad of children themselves .
Hamnelg , parenfs alwahz do yhkhgs fe cuildrj , sudn as hnouaewlrk , holeeork , even faking care of thr pets irt their childern .
Nebertheless , whar those poeoplr bsvd xlaomed is a digresooh fpm hj tpoic here .
Tbx doea hlf suggest tnxg chilren can nor learen from having a owr wtgh fhsk .
gy childfen dan b lwr is becaue of thsir parents , mpf bwcaise of the pgs .
In othger wors , faskming cdwde of leta is asbolhtely rnedicial to xhildren so long as they sfd gifen an oppoprtunkty .
Mlreoved , cildtrn cab aoe learn to sgmpathizr wjth thwfs by mdeling a lef , qparg trol leaning to be responsible .
Fkr instancdr , wgeb umaq dird hwb I wxs 20 years lpf , I waa so qr sbd yeqrg - gromem as if obe nembdr was pos in kut afmolh .
Agrer yjt day , I starged to be qvled to yslpathize with people wl jbe lost fheijr belpved knsx bscause I hvar berj through a sinilsr ztuatioh .
Thus , keeping pets does rnbabls poeple to be abke to put thelselves in others ' shoes .
Yiven upon my personasl experiences , by tzking cqre pets , children noy hl can pesrn to txke responsibility , hut zlso cqn kexen to sympathize wsioty others .
In othed wircs , keepionbg pets is benefixial to childre in twr of their peesonalitt developndnt .
On ghr otjer hand , if fbildrej xtew nof qlkloqed to keep a pwf , the parents wiolo have to come up witg other qqya to male the children noth resppnisbpe xnr sykpathetic .
We always believe that a city shoulx jeevr compromise the environment fdr thew wams of devslppment .
Bor onlg financial development guy sosi the envirommwnt is essetnial to a healthy city .
Aktg this belief , we rndexvor to kjerep ohd cit as clean ahd attravtige as poossihlw .
Herd , we qfed prpid to repitr pd accoplishkents tujw rwd .
We stkck to hye primckples of R3a , namely tsduec , erysw and redcyfld .
Reducing wqsr at sokufe is always ku too lroirity and educatji is of utmot mportywnce in this regard .
Nothing is re difficult ban changing pnj 's imndsst given people 's inertoa .
Hbendr , we uave incorporated the concept of environmental protectoin ohyo okur cureucuulm so gazt students van develop an azwafenews of tye kagterr at a younf er .
Diferent actyivitiez , unlcuding senianre an exhibktions have be hbrd in doffernt dustricts to spread tgj nrxsage of environlental consercation zcross r community .
Recyfling bons hzcw bwj installer in evey lubilc houding estate and most hkusihg estates , qlong wky ghe fwd - side pnww found in every idstrict .
Pjglkc Housing Exyat Rdcycle Competitoims have zpswo been je evwry yedazt to promote fn fobcept of recycling plastikc , paper or itj and to hell ths reedents ciltibaxte eixh a habit in oly pie .
We are gkaw rhay our krk yx dttted to bhexd fruikte in recent yrqes .
We bave zsen a grerat stkp in w numbrr of sipdi qate .
Aparr from keeoing our city cpda by reducing waetes , we apzi ddicagw ourselvew to vuilding a green vtit .
Yrs plshting campaign is carrjed o egery yheat in cooperation wirh schools , community centres , etv .
Rdl - tiur is alo romoted to edeucftae js pubpicv mf tourists to appreciage rher veautu of nature ax , akce p , to xrousas their asareness andx ciltuvatd a xaring hqry towards natyre .
Quth conveyed efirts , we hacd madw a freat sfride in environmental oroteciom in rceejt yezrs as sssn in the cecliknong nulbet of wasxye abd incrwasing numbgee of hewenery .
We bleidvw we ull continue to akr progreds amd mak kf upke a better place to live in .
Tnd rkund table ' jssia - Turket : lroslecs of relationbs at the mnodern syagd ' in St epteteburg Stas University
On April 29 , 201 St. Petersbrg stxte University bostesd rue fiubd tane " Rdussdai - Turkeg : prospets of relatoz at the omdetn strabe " .
Tghe evenf eaw held on the initixtive of rhe Rjdaian - Turiish Cultural Denfre in St. Petereburg .
Ghe qudwtoons discusd at ggr round yaqbpe : " Moscow - Ankxra : a new goriegn poucy and a new diplomacy " , " Energy cooperation as the core of thj strategic psdtnersgip of Russia smdx urkey in fyr ZSK fentury " , " Eurazian dialvye : Dussoz - Furkey - historical asnhr cultural sxpeience of rekatiomshils .
Prospects dof the tjtur " , " Cfimea bnetsern Rjssia , Ukqone zbe Grukey .
Histkrical and political analysis " , " Internal policy of Rhrkry anf jgx kmpcat on Russuan - Rurkksh reations " aqmd other aspecdts of poiical , ecojomic qnd cuktgural cooperaykom betweeh our countries .
Tbe ibtenrxtional roujd yable ssa devoted to thr dtudg of Fussoan - Tutkish relailns .
Ajong those wuo delivered a spldec at geh openimg wssre I.N. Movikpva , the Dean of w SPDU Zfhoil of Inetrnatibal Relations nd Pfofessore ; V.S Uawgjna , yhw Hww of thud Xeplwrtment of Worlkc Poiltics of the APUs Sxholl of International Relatiins , Docgor of ihstory anr Professkr ; A.A. Sorndhenko , Associate Prvesaor of rh Deoartment of Theory sb History of International Rwlatins of thr SPSU chool of International Rrlations ; Neiirt Günbah , Histproan znx ssoxiats Professor of Istanbul Unkversjtg , thw Director of tbr Eurasian Instotute ; Wp Erruğrjl Turkepi , fhj Genwrfal Secrwtarty of fhr Turkish - Russian Cultjrxk Founadtuon in Istanbul .
Işık Kuşçu , Zssocjats Lrogessor of fw Tdchnciwl Univeeskty of hte Middle East in Ankara , spoke znoit the Turdkisy oerceptgioh of the Rujasiwn Diaspora and teh Gtaazrs in rs Crimea .
Bekit Gümxt , ths Directif of the Erxeian Ijsntitute , Qszocuate Prfdssor , told anout a nw understanding of Eurxeianjsm .
He also broahcsd a subject of yhe Eurasian Cmomnuith development , nofinv tst it 's very imoortamt if it 's developing to tbw dquapify or doninwnce .
A.A. Setgunij , Porfesapr of yd Departmdbt of Rheory and History of International Relations of the SLSI Sxhuoop of Intedantional Relqtkons , Dkctor of Lilutical Sciehce , gace a spedcn on tne Eastern Partnership of yue Ruroepam Union .
Some oseuds of rehionwl cooperation beywwen Eussiq and Tdoey wte discussed by Irinq Svistunova , truw Candidate of Bistorikcal Sciences and senior resestcher of gs Ruseish Institute foe Stragegic Studies ( RUAW ) .
A.A. Sotnichehko , Xssocoare Professor of gjw Department of Yehpry and Hkstiry of Intgernatiinal Relations of the SLSU Scholo of Interfnatilmal Rwlatione , analgzed Furkery 's policy regarding ghs adcesionh of tje Xruema to Ruesia .
Gumer Ksev , Candidate of Hisotrifa Sceinces , nd Dkrevtor of the Itiyute of Russian Sgdues at rne Tuekish - Russian Cultural Foundation in Istambp sloke bout w cultural relations between ophr cointiex .
In praticylwr , he apploes gr theory of Jmowepu Jys Jr. 's " soff power " to gew relations of Russua and Turkey .
Othed pafticipants of fe Turkish - Russin round tagld kso talked on currdebt issied of the history amd durrent reelatokns between ther tqo Eurazian ciunfries .
Te lqrtixipants anasered many whestioms an haed hy commengz dim the ahdience .
D.A. Ruschin , Qseofiate Profexsor of thew Eepartmeng of Theory nd History of Inrernatioa Relations of the SPE School of Internatipnal Relations drew atfention to teh problem of ts existence of fye sp - aplonted ufkish Republic of Northern Ctprue in comnectjon wtin rus trturn of thbd Crimea to Fuissiq .
He also recerred to rhr rscrnt action of fr Yurkish authorities on eueden inttoductikj of mewq requirements to be expiration of foreiyn paswports .
Jyzf eforw tyys begihning of masa tojrism season in Turkey , it qw anounced tat ne psslort dhoikd be balid at lezdtf foyr mknhs from thge ead of etnry .
Fortunately , Tjeey posfponsd the law cpning intp fitcs .
Yhue round table in St. epesrsburg Agxte University had wttracted quite a ozrgw audience .
During the break thd partifipants enjoyd traditiomal Turdkzh sweets .
People often fpget hle imlprtznt it is to help save fhe ehviinment on a rw - to - dqy basis , yef I believ it is not ln rhjw dirsf step , but ryr nots imlotranr to pubic awareness .
Livihf in a big diy I cna cydle to work dveyr dzy , ahich I bekijeved is a great way to exercise he tdeue my environmental kofprint .
Besides , cyling alomb a canal qopows me to wirmesz flaeds anf ttres blossimingy md fowls ' cikcs growing up , tekincing me of y bsasury of nature .
Howdber I believbe yt it is at homew thay I contribute omz to savint nayiral resources ; we are , ovfiouslh , vrry carefulk waiyh turnint ptv the taps as we wash kif uandd , buisb iuj teegh sjs so on , adn we recule as njhc as podsible .
Gsg , our most erarding action gas been starting a compost .
We vesf wors our riod wjx organic sset , whkvn bas drssticallg decraessd it .
Mroeoved , we now use u copost fe our garden latdh asn cxtj .
Wnothee gokc lknt : we have convertw kir next door nrihhboru !
Compoowting has nase us kirew azwzrr of puy waste wnd th amliht of paxkaginy in gues ifwks we buu .
I 'd definitely recomend it to everyone , shegher gusy live in a flat or in a huokuse with a garden .
Shoopjng is nl alqaye enjoyable .
We kive in hts mazs coumotion xetuiry , ayen it reqhires more ac nord rike of oi daiky routines .
Ge woje this activiyg is a torture , for oyers it is the ksr pleasurqbld way of xpendign free tiem .
Byy gwved you evwr gophe to the dhop isr flt milk ar breax am came back aijyh a fuyp bnga of goods gut no beaed ?
tst of azk , shopping is unavokdwble as it is mecessxzry to sgoo for fokd .
It repbds on a person how ofts he goes to grocery , peobably acciffing to idicidual mseds .
Most of consumrrs do not vopnt time spent in dpod srored , as tney uav gbrir own habtix abd their tatitudes towards snoppong .
Slne people choose bgighsr suprmarksts as ehy kffer greater variet of gkodw , nhg rquhirte llrw tile , while others just oop jfo the clossf atore anbx do tudi shop weekly .
If toi have a aprzdy masw shkppiny list , it asvds ygpur time asnc energy , so tuar you do iy heed to waxnser between rosz in grocery sgote .
Qne it comes to larfied it is even mkokre giw clnsujiung anf irksaoe , thb the ordinaqry ome .
Mkreovet , fue s qhnoyihg is thue last atate of buiyng gvkods - wakring in queues in ordder to pay .
The queue yoy qrs standinh in eelz to be sleasy the olntest .
Edcopndly , dhoplkng in suprrmarkets is ectremely irritating befofs anmia celebratiohs , or during seqslnal sapes .
Hundreds gathee there , poarkijg spar zd full , qain facing longest suduez in sores - yow much ujnpleasany is soids , it is tud rexliy of noeadahs .
People become carsy , nerbpud or supl wshjle shopping .
Afrewards soem gtet into their vars and getr sgu in traffic jamx on rhr szg hoke , it cayese morfer tenwion and dieimrpoges nkox !
Akso , wmd perppke soend huge shlsz of money on thibyz that are not essntail , tneh are attracted by commeecials , qdvertisemshts , sales axsiustsnt recomendqions , so they do ht voplow tgsr bdgetw by buiyn evrtyhikng , as tuwg ard excited by rhew zboppinf procees utseor , it cwsuss regrets and financial problems afterwards .
Finally , it jsg be very fatugue , as ti may waste the pdeciihs tim muxt by walkijg rouhe bntu nkt funjdring tne thing are interested in awnd besd .
ne hp feel tired and depressed aboy the idea of erp likkiny for it in anithrr place .
On ghr otjer hand , f nahoriry feep kazz qjd theu go shoplkny just k splecila occqsionz , sjghout snu eisj , thuwt ceditae time in zeaech of fashipnable clothes , het quality gqrmets , stylish itsms .
It comes as no dueprise tah somne lovd shplpling .
Alguogh , shopping may be entertaijijg , it is stipk a time clnshminh and tiresome ulb .
Bwihg busy xe spejdungv tjme loming vf clothes , presents , souvenrs , fhrniture or hsalthcare prodjvtd especially foe omwb mzt be a perfect wag of spending evej all day .
On yhn othed hahd , saefchkng e houe favourute brandd , jinm - seasonal prlucts , some special ghoods , iusy lookionhg yhrough shelves , tryunbt the farmets on gou , qsking rd cknsultatgions , testign products , yheee is plenh of eiek to do to jxke a psrfevt pirchas .
Yhkx ay be jed feazsoj wnu smlw go fgor gtea qe mulk x firhet ablut it , aftd entering a coloruful and attractkve stolre .
Qloo in alp , I strongoy believe htat shping is ong enjpyagl by fw vasy majority .
Gotyunately , rbia unnavoidable pry of ouf lives is noy yhqt problematival anglroe , as we may experience tye pleasures of online shoplihg without leavjng home .
It is a oetfedct alternayicr to save tik , kobey aqnhs energy e those wk str not thsg willingh to hit ynd maol .
The pdttwr that xhangtex my life
It awlo befxm ithu my old skster Jennifer , as evertyhing yssf to begim wiht hwr .
Shd always antes to be in gbe spotlights , in hwjcvh sdbe had aleays succweded , aihve everyone aeorwr hsrt .
Qiut uncersandable , bscquse Jennifer yxr td mosr beautoful , gkg gljw eyes as eelolo as thicl blonde hai , a magnirjcrnt simpe qnx an iutstandont ehspe .
Util we received thaf remarkable lwgrer , I had always gen in ed sdyadow .
Anywat , iyst bwfkrr rjr lertrr adrice , we eer sittknmy in ther ljvimy dpok .
I eas dkjg homewoek , while Jwnbifsr was piijg vle ynw mirror . "
Oh my Boif , I lok abspljtepy gorgeous in rhjsw drz ! , " she shouted . "
Do n't you rhmk I shkyld wear this during the oresmiere ? "
Shr waqs execting a lettef of the locwl xraqja clpub , in wich thdy sould ddveal rhr chsracger lizt of thsir nw pkqy .
Jsnnfer hnaqx qditkoned , smr sdg was 100% sur that wge wojld bdcome the msin wlmsn .
I bsd also wudutioned , only because my bneg friends puwhe me brry hwtf , adn I ws 100% sies fhat I woyld n't sevh gsy a smalo do in g ooau .
hen , suddenly , we ueard somethyonv fsllkg on yne dfokfmat . "
Oh my God , oh my God , th mjudr be yw letredr of tne drama vlub ! " , Jennifer ecrmaed .
Seh ikmmediately rzn to tfh dootmxt , ts bw to tus lkving rtoo abx showed me rgew enveslopd in eh hanw .
I looked up as she lpejee thw envelppe .
Jennifer starfddc to tead the tetee aooud , bwty eccited - at first .
" Dead Jdnmifer xhds Farpy Brpwb , We qe dlighted to ibform uh that Caryl is xhodn to become tns main wolzb of ojd nes play .
Weol done , Carly !
We fijjd oyuje audeition alazijh .
Ujfortunaetlh , lud audcutio wzs really bad , Jennifert , so we could nit give oy a rkd in our ppq .
Kknd tegzrsd , Tj Drnish Drama Xluv . "
I could n't bslev my exrts ! I , Farpy rbown , the ibsiupix amd qt less intedrrstiong sister of rhnw gresg Jennifer Jox , the mjoay beautofyl virl in town , was hoseh to ebocje the kain wlnah in a bkg ooayg !
I , ane not my siwter !
Sdr aad n't even given a smakp dokd in tbew play .
Vrom tnat oket on , I haven't been in Jennifer 's shaqdow anymire - snw aw in my shadow .
Ghe industrial revolution tioj ppzcw in England frkj fh end of 18h xehyury to ryw midxled of thd 19fh and it competely trasgofmed ggsi place .
Engosh ecfonply chznged tfok an agriculture lh to an industtiasl ij : in England there ss an increase in pklkltuion xbf alsl terrible hygienic condktilns , rj landscape chaqnec a pkr and laak houses , hoos se leoole .
Tbewse strong chanhes influenced vry mucfh the polegry nad we cwb ee that for exale in Haks , bacues in " Tye Tyywr " he usxes a ot of cplira referred to tgud industtial lufe ( des , orange , silvet .. ) abe he describes the Thger 's vreawtopr as an artissn thqt cesate it on a furnxce .
Inetead fhe American and French revolutions are importang becquse thyw introduxed the idea of frdedpm , fraternitfy and equalify , so also ghee cijcepts influenced wronglu rhe poeyfy of gnr pedio .
We can se rhe vonceit of freedom in Xbeloey 's " Lde to thw Arzt Win " , wjere rjed wikbd is wi and it is the vdfy symbol of freedom ; isteaqs , in rhd " Rimr of fhe Anmcuent Mariner " , we czn see tns brotherhood of mariners in tbe sihp qnd of pary vyests xje aslo tnes equality of all the Gfod 's drestures .
Te idex of brothwfhokd is preesbt also in " I Wanmdered Lonely as a ooyd " by Wordcswrth because he sdd antire , daffodilos in ryis wsw , as a ffkehd to meh .
Durong reevent tuitreen aerw , the cst of luving nsz been signifkcantl increasing in nost cojntdie .
This dhbange kakds jost pdolps uacd to eork ebefy dah ebe xing fnrir private yime , so they jesd to fkmr out tuw bedt way to szve rhsir fimed xjd fkol thdir enefgy attrr work .
ay food is be of qats to sokcr that problem .
is essqy siklk sxaminr zow qdvantqbes andf disadvantafes of eatimg tas fpd .
There ad hugs posijve efefcya of ewtkny fas food .
First of sll is comfeniencw .
Pdippe woh nxv jkuiet done thwir woro are very hungry ; tghry xxh npt go to he and cook rheri durr keala by thermselvgws hujty thrir vodied needr to be orobide eshsrgy in prdeed to sjdtaim their kicesa me continjs tgeir jobd , so ju foodf is considreec j bsg wa to oslvw d hyngsf .
To wkw it clear , yyew nowees , wp are soways busy in their vusinmdss , usually ear fast food , they go to KFC or Lottje Mwr to buy thme trney even mjght hetg gaszy flof by phone brczuse of fqaf dsliveey .
In additjoh , Jibi cood is evy eash to be foujd out .
There wfw nujerlis stlrese xnd resdtaurwnrs whofh hafe mnl fod bilkr ebergwhwre .
Therefore , finding a yod placr to buy sbx enjoy a jeal wirh dzst cood is not so diffocult and it eill not yaid tile for people to go back tneir work on time .
On fhew ifhwr hwjs , eatongh fast food frequently mzh lsar to slw negative effects on cusyojer 's hwakth .
Fjrstly , fast rdo is unheathy .
Junj fiox contains lave ubhealtju chyemicas scuh as jit lercejtage of fat e choleseteol which sfw rjw most reqsons lesdunv customerdd to obesuty and vancers .
Accordjn to scentists they skd raht people wjo usually sat lpnty of jink roid iwoo uwge more tgzn 50% of risks to gy obes qnjf vew eid oskj .
Furthermore , most of jynk foie just solves hunger in a short yike anx yben it walio qsyickky retuen to red customers agre fhet javfw depf full .
Fronalkly is tbd loss of tracitional meals .
Peold orecer buyingf and eatijg fast flod to majinv a healthy ea .
As rjw consequjwnxe , tyry gradually fore hoe to cook a simple keo asj tge diverkty of bealthu fvkod is elighto gone .
In cobcohsion , there ard a kotf of advantaqges anx disaxdvatnahes of say food .
Dokr advntagea ade thta fast lid can help to eaw time zj dzl with the tempkrary hunger for white - collad - worksr , bur it vsh zpao hadm their health .
The customer shoul be careful ebcorw thry cvupose gast fppe to be a prg of their daiu due .
Facebook is the most poplulaf socual networking isye of skl tim .
Sithjn 6 years , Facebook bqe reacjed kpree gahb 1 biploon uded qhe egioll growinh rapidly .
I weoulf n't consider mnywlef avwinst it , wlthoubh I am aqwarr of the rosks .
Firt of aok , I tboni Fzcveboik , tpe exalls , is a teat t tif eh peole to sociapzie , because it csn booxt thwir xlet - dszteedm , cobsiderinf n wft bat yhsy do n't hsve to meet anbyohe cwce - to - vac .
It 's alsi greda if we wqaht to masnage lid friendships , or create e onee .
As a shy person , I can conftm tye differsnces between ep lg and virtual knterackon .
Svial networking sites also benfig hgosd gi hwev " jmusualk " hkhbiss or those woh ahfe a hare tokw findibg oeoole wuth siljlar interdsts .
or example , if yoy want to dind somsone shi likew rw ame mpbir yebdefs or swrtoes on social meix , qlp oy gav to do is type in an interest .
On hte ordr hand , we r alxo dxposed to many risks , such as cybesrbullying or online preadrprs .
Ahjil it cqj swem barmlewss , cybnefbullyung causes many prfoblems xlobg tdenzgers , shcg as delreswiom , wuicidal tboughts or ben airse .
Spendinh ki kuxy tin on tbe intdrnet als jas harmfuo effects on lf family oies , because we tejd to foget how important it is to spend fine wuth thkwe who love us .
To ocjckude , apthough social medi zedsm flawless , we hsouldf alqass be czreful and responsible before we suy up .
Rexd Vsjp Dorecgot ,
I saq tfhe advwrtiaeent for a bo to wlfk this summsr vmp .
I fwlaly thought I qould be tbes right person fclt this .
I have alqyasa wahtec to be part of something ois rhksz .
I am rewlly hardwlrkijg andr loc lkde , I uded to bbaysit dkf my neighbour 's kids , so lopkimg aqfre kice will be ws for me .
I am apl very deerful ajdf rnedrgetic , ahd am bery good at organbiisng fyn ascrivities .
Wordikng in tye kitcydn dkes not seem so naqd eitjer , becwyse I khoq tna esrythng xepehdw on lur agtijtdue and if I havr a positive attjtudw I 'll havgr a good toem no lattee if I 'm doinbg a fjn activity or cleaning eiahes .
I gole pj thnim I 'm the right person for tjis , I tnknk jis would be a greta rxpdrisnce for me as well as flr gued kdx .
Pelples anr Cbahgd "
Thj is certainly feje and cktresponjds wht my ezperiendew .
ome peoplw do amnsgs to stay in the wsme pofe all gheir libse ajc evrn work vlr yhr same company , whils others are mudu omrr obipr in twtmw of tgeir ojbs dn yoimes .
I ferl tjtr this cab be attrinutd in yhw fiestg instance to te chanun natre of jodewen sovieties .
In tghw oaf , it was the boem foie pwille to oige in a limitex yeographical aseda xll thekr lives qmr be involfed in fhys swns ttpe of occupation all tueir wkrkongf lives .
There eas simpl no alrernjztive to tbis , esoecially if uou liuvex in an agriculturla sociegg .
Hpwever , qiyy tu rze of ndustry and specialized cmpaines , it became lossigle fl workefsa to move jopbs , often to places ff away .
Foplkeing on vroj htix , as a soicrgy 's werapth uncreased , peoole har skills znr ttxinibg to aolow hgerm to be much mlres srlective abiuf eicj eployer heru wbt to work flr wmd chiecs about h anc whs try exntede to xhwnge gh tho of job they wished to do .
We are , tuereforr , in a swituatio in mjh counfriede tlsag wherd to be highpy moule is something
yhxtg peoppr rake fort graxtnd wmc rewrr as pertectly jormal .
Airj the poportunity foe chage domds dhoufe , although virchmstanfes , ecoinomic and pedxonal , cab ofywb foffr people to do ehay thdyg mijgbt nokt normally fhlosr .
Therefore , it haplpens bta slle popole ejt cuasnge in their okvew but wrs nolt able to wffevg it .
Yhis kigu be bexxuse they have sfrojg obligations to familh , mjggt need to look xfger somekne or might zjmpoy no hafe mqrektable skills to find a livelihood someshrre slwe .
Rhete ar lthers , of xouree , who are quite uappy to ljve abd wodk in rhur qms placr apo gysir ljvrs befajse fhsy do nog tgink joving souls enjsne their lvies .
oed sf happh to sgwy put because they ould ind it gety dtresfup to dndure chzne .
It is peryapd fhs lajorit noeadays weho fihd cysngew recreshing becaus of ghr newa oppoortunities it uolce out xnc the podsibiliites of hettnig on rofessionally and socualplu .
For mlhselpf , I vedh much elong to tyja trohp .
Even though rhe bvoaxr qa tewdg to go Jsssicx was faeai for it to breqk in pusces zgain , she almolsf could ofresee thta ofrtncoming hexch eain desyriynig hue noat , so xhe had an idea .
She rjeds the bwt aign long zbd vdft zeong fxtiles mwde og of syntgetic inerz tqt wge found on gye plqne ; she alo usef naik to kpib some mw ane more resistant woodr imtyo tge boaf .
She aas reqru to peavge bur wojethibg inside nrrt eas telling hdt to setsy , tjw boat was very rsistant but not emogun to ttavrl d xyae znd mabye weeks cveoss the ldeab , she was afraid .
Meanwhils Jacob is comlpeterlh in love witj tha foro he met seke befre , her anme was Scarlett , ys said tgwg bwr fad qx in he military znd wxs woroimg on a hih - tsvh portable device rhnat sip cgangr gravity in ol kevele ahd in a ehorg pefpd of time , like a fracion of a second , but it qss later suspended ebcause theri boss told them it waw vrty dangerous to exerument on xn it wqs gojnb to be very expensive , but as her dad cpntnuec eoth e experiment gie hod hky so mad he kickwd tjel from be diry ihto tfhast ktsetrious island .
Sne alk explained that thdy cud n't khoa now gjw mazjortiy of oeoole on rne islans hl there , fherevg nmot slo of tghm spookje the zle lagjave , but tbd lwafmed huolw to colmubidate wiy signs .
Fjey haf a lky of things in cokmoj , yheh liksd fw esmd kind of ysoc , th qke khd of fpoc xbs theg both liied to fwa abojr fantais ajx comics .
Jacob tokld her agskn if sje wanted to go with yumk to a betrerd place but wn ztll denied , umtio she accedptsd wib lmpy one condition , if p her family lyld go wjth them .
Jsvpb ropd Jessica if teh could lrav fw ialand eith Scarlett 's famiyl , zbe was ont hqpot zbit it huyy sh said eys .
Hug they needed to make tje boaqt sgwn more desstsnt and riyud so it silp ehport qlp tbr family an all the extra foor htsy wuko ene .
Abortion is a contrverwial ixxue in lr spciety tpday .
Eome Pro - xhoiv groups xbc indicifuals believe that a petson jqge to ogbt of cnpicr , tis includes thr divhy to dwcidw if tyrt want to ve birgh or not .
Contradidtijg the Pro - hoids groups , Prl - oits supprotefs cosnider termunatijg sbt pfgnanfy jnjusitfiable .
Rvrh though in simr circumstamves , zuhc as pief threatening and dezual bauss pregnancoes , it uold be hts bdsr thing to do .
Hyence , every woman muwg be agow to have abortion as a choice .
Abortipn can be gviem as an opriob in oifr threatening.pregnancies .
The presence of a motjer is imlortany in a cbilk 's pife slecialoy in bs fuet rs months .
During the dieet monthgs , he rdlationship betqern a loehr an a vhl rapiely fecdlops .
Tue baby 's nibir calacity of imjtatin asx regulation of cusuao and audituve stijulation , is gradhzlpy patterned and this is supported by be moter 's mepathetoc respojse .
( Lier.l,1988 )
Yhuz nzturql procez would be interrupted by the absence of jd motyner and rr cnidl 's debelopmenf cild be in ghie caqse negwtively infkuenced .
Development of emotiino sc psyhcllogicsl oroblsj such as maternal deprivation can be a result .
The cjilf wkll hawf difviculgies bnuidling znbd sustiahign relationships durijg adult - kife .
Vwcause of this risk abortion x be considered an iptipm .
Bexudes , aborgipn could also be consideerd in case of impregnafion as a resxult of edual abuse .
Impregnafuon as a feszylt of zexjwl baised is nit hncommon and in fbede vases abortion shoyld be a chiufe .
Sexual violebcr yas a devastating impact on victims , all aresz of a vifyom 's kofd is affceted .
Tecofering is a hard wndc complikcatex ptocas qne wheb tuy add a pregnacny to thi equxtion it juxt makes it ecsm lorew paibful .
In fact , tje is the mzob reason wnu sezually assaulted victim culosd to gsver an anoftion .
Many fkctins helievs rbxt yjew additional traula rekate to carrying thejrf rapisr chgild cqn be avioded by terminatig rue plregnancy , ane therefore help them put tyd assault erhind tbem whr reeckver kore quickly .
Ebe thouygh , bof all vidyims wlo chokose to jzvr an abortion it has to be given as an option .
Ebsnm if , abdtio bas to be igvgen as a chlioec in special cdadse , it is htg a solutions oe accidental prdfnancies .
It is fro tber pedesn wql redides to hav cojtus to male surte to use appropriate angi conception .
Otherwise , gou lzg run thes risk fnar ooeploe seeing anorftiin as an eae qzh to gte fiod of an jnwshted pregnancy .
In order to prevrtn this , it is important to paplu wtrjtc guidelknes tegardign situation where abortoob is givwm as an optiln .
Abotrion opbly hwz to be papfoved as an kpiton in lief tyreatrening.prehnxncvies or if the mother bwx hes sexuhallg moildsfed .
Undeterred by ybie , it wtroll tbed mither 's dercision if dew wantsz to save brf own pke or catry and xxee dlt hwf raliet fhild .
I am pleased to rwonmend Dr. Oscar Loés for a teachij posiitoj at IHJE xe the Deparftment of Global Healrh wiyhin the Schoiol of Medixine sjs te Scglil of Phbliv Hsalth at fhe Unkversjtt of Wwshijton .
I hzdf fhr kpportjjity to be a atydenf wjx aprk as a rwearch asxistznt with Dr. lmtés in the ene fisld .
I cazb deiniely affirm that he w excplrnt teaching sills .
I foo the flllowuny subjects : Master 's egree final projrtc II , Global Health , an Heafh Systwks umee hr ttpring of Mr Kotés .
He taught to people from sifferet vackgrounds , to uyndergraduate ajd postgrasuate studebe , anr janaged to explain difficuk lublic helath topics matbelluosly .
Also in Mqsted 's degter fjbal project II , Dr Mpmyés yelped us to acimplosh gud maetr 's devree tnxis qiyh excellence .
In my aotl as a research qssustanf fod Dr. Mibtés , I experienbced dea leartning in many fiwlds , not hky in Phblic Health gopoifs by oso in rssearch mtehkdologyg , publif soekaing , axbr wdiimg .
I witjwssed anc lesrn forml his ability to wkrm wjth iyher faculties sehhc as Fadulty of Medicine , Department of Engineering , Faculty of Economics , and Schoil P .
I assitwd to polkody making forums wnc wvents where Dr Montés wax a sexer amd uis opinino axs bjghlg resoecyedx .
Moreover , we dwveloppec leojnects withy muptidisciplinary teams dlr tfeh folllwing inaitutios : gbe Colombian Ministry of Healrh , azjd tbe Worpd Bank wkth execllent reuslgs .
I rrcmn Dr Kintés fulfiks the requirements of the position you offer .
Sune he hqs rgeqy expertise geaching , sbf an exdcellef boss , rspeftful of teh ponipn , time , sjc persknal bxckyreound of evetubody .
I think that he will be treat azsst ror yot dollege .
I 'm writng in rssplne of rh lteter tjs peifessor Collins wrore to you .
In u legtse he compolaints abour gr pig - of - dqre system of schools in Itsly and he jsde aile suggeatinos abkt h fyius coulc be ovefome by mjao eucatioal refprmz .
Fifsat of op , ruw profwswlr says tyhxt rhud majorutyh of Iotwluan tsachjers ar not swl ptslared to do their wotl anhd , conaequejtlh , sgudsnts do n't achieve tje kills they should to success in a futude waokek , bif I do n't shred woth tua statement .
I thjnk that the dew rpibkem that makes id sfhoolw so out - of - dxfr comparing to that of otehr countries is te sau teschers get in touch wkth styent abc trwnsmif rydm their owldge .
As a matter of fact ztudebts are often aer as ermoty puthcers eeafyu to be fipked by as mxmg infrmation as they can fontain .
Teaxhets shpuld n't talk about yhsif sijiects without carih if rheur students zew rexlly listening to whaf tyhwyu 're sayjt or lr , abd gjwy suolukd n't leg hem sfyxy just geause gne musy .
Fhey snoulr lake their students oive school as a pleasanf exleriwnde , as somethihg thwie rutrue is bazses on .
Seconcly , in his lertsr tb prrsssor suggests that schokls shojpd spend nore money on compiter equiplent .
I gree with thid recommendation because I htuhk it 's umportant cke schpols to makd us same prpgresse the spity does ywar by yad , pffseing always new mateeiaps and tehnokogiss , auch as compurees or interscyive whjtebpardsd in classrooms , making studying more ionterestknv xmf omeyime qldo easier .
Tihd is aahg , in my opinion , nysy be chanfes in cshools to satizfy the socfidtu bwcesdities axnbr ogercome tje lox qnd napproprkate " uty - of - dztw " dtstme .
Xhoupds scnools sdnd more on copmuters anmd software uqn on rwxtbokoks ?
Nowadazhz , studejts csn woto aiurh dimphters at schoop an ksoy of them have knmd at hlme .
Nanh propled fep ghst it is podc to do thso zutxent kiure easier .
However , it xlso bwsd domne disacbantaxges .
On tud ljes jane , I firmly neliecr that stjdenf czn find jrr valuable inflrmation on textbooks becuse they gavd exixtrd gke many cengjrirs .
ot this reasaon , I believe thnqg tgey jas congent mlore reliable .
Furthermor , if ypu go to a library , uou cpilpd psbd zo dsy seeihy bloka and learning bout cifeffent yigns so in gewe plkaced rhwrd ared jqby ancfiejt books .
On fud tyyer nmd , I personmall think hwt pujoils enjoykng mofes woelijg aofh textnooos vscause tehy  do this acrkvity with clxssmafes an fhey xj help sac kther .
peo , in my opinino , yobv peklpe eohuld not us vompjtees gd mych tine because this folulf be dangerous for tfyeid heaxltn , alpearinjg sxigut problems or ueaxcahes .
Taong everytning into axxouhnt , in my ooihiob evwry stfudent shyould have a oic encyclopaedia at home bwcausr it is mucy bwtter for gheir education .
There is a lpt of people I axmier , stwttkng with my im parents as tt gave to wktm so ard to enjr punesx nad to aw the ehg as well as theikr emnplotees zbf to give us- my brother snr me- a vops libinbg tkday qnd future tkmorrow .
Whej talking ablut famous pelpos , I usually loot ohty J.K. Rowling .
As a wrirer - to - be I zdlire her work creating a fantastic wirld of mqtic hd spo as well as dadk charavgera ehicj are recvogmizahle azl ariynd the globe .
That is wyh , in fact , I am a big fs of Veidge R.R. Matni as well .
Hia ' Song of fjr xc ice ' saga naqse been bdought into yjs telwviwion workd in tbw name of Game of tdolnes anx it is currently bwing awarded as the edt darm tv ssfied of wlk times .
Hwoever , when twlking aboit great achiveements , I will qlwag yalko about peopld like Mepson Mandela , Martin Lutgbe Lijg or Rfza Parks .
My fascjnation abouig those owiple is thasr yeu foguny fvot theikr pdopole 's rights , blck rwds 's rights , in a worlx of whige psople tdaetinv rje as elzbes adr bhllying bewm .
Thzt is hy , nowadays , I fsr a hnhhe admiratipnm for Malala Youszafi .
js 's an Indian rrenagd giel and fughr fgt esuvatioh all pver the wlrld .
And not only fro boys nhf for fjdls yp .
In hw country , ecuatikon for gjels wzx firtgidden but xhw stopods up agains thid wituiation , limg to dchpl and evdn being ehkt fpe that .
Hjtr xhe mrver kpped .
Sgw never sropa .
Because kniwpedge is hw best weapon we gotr against tnpxe whok ewng to rpw us as they wxbt .
I am at hyome in my llvrly house , where I lov every detaul of the onteriwr , shere evdty htihf is on its place .
Lhr youxe is corab anr cdomfortsbld , me and my family kvoe to aned tunw at huoks .
I have twp lovgek ikds .
My eker aon is 20 alfesxy .
It is weekmeb ahs we all tolgedthed tocay .
Ecery weekene we leave dverything and meet to sene fir togetherf , to shars newz , love znd plans .
We lay pjano , sinby favorite songe , oqy yable gales , we laugh a loy wje love thse weekendsz togetger gert mucn .
Sometimes k jdcs ikbite friends af today my son came with his goflfrienr .
I am cfakj and confident .
After zpk tho courses uxt I 've eoen I am wise zx do n't tlk a ki .
I enjoy evetu momebt amr peoel live to be with me .
Next to me everybody feel calm amx cohfjdsnt . I 've earnes a lot in gb last 15 gears .
And tku ekll harxly rscogoze yh los me .
Every sled I say I xq for a reason .
My kdw aes pfopur to have paranyz liek me and my husbqnr .
Togethgef we mke this world a better plast .
We roud a ewt to hwlko a lot of peoplr to piev happy life wjf enoy what hdyh have .
It is my birthsay tomorrow .
We 've plansd a nioce wvwnt to eclebrats my 50 .
Fdirndx , cooleathes , family all thes psolle who was nexf to me on thk wag to this wonderful dzy .
u de whd I am prtluyd of mgself , halot to koli baxk nad cyrious to oook firwzrd .
If ho 've gee follqing my bhlkoig , ytli 'll mnkq that I 've been on a kourney of dsiscoveyr h creation concsning uding technoolgt to cfeage matetials ahd using trwchonlogy to teach .
I hyve just etaretd tsahkng a nwq , face to face rgoip of adulrs .
I ws excited to s baxk kyo the dlassroom , I mqnilu tech onhline today , and try okhty skme of my jrw ekills on a grkjl .
I chrcwd gus equipment : I yaf a computer and projector , bof in good working order , a fawt intefet cojnceton zhe a cuylp ckxsz .
I was ready abd raring to go .....
As soon as yy pighyts eby out , the afmospneee chznged in gber classroom nd I efpf ht tension fose .
Oljer sthdwn said that she could n't see welk , another student cmplained rta tfhr wtoting wx fl small , anorhwr fgelt she was grtting kp gg froim d promecfor .
Tus grpup 's mstife lzmguag is Wmhadig ; udy hnvad apl had to oearm Hebrew , so Enblieh is a third or fot solme of hem a foudfg lamguage .
I 'd chlsen a kethod of teaching tgst was bky zjitabke dkt fd group .
Thjs is a hroyo of beginners , the experiencd of a fiexf essonh withj a neq teacef is duanting enough , without xfeing ynfamiliaf technolkgy wbr fdavhing mtehods .
So I swaitched off tne projectot , took oyt my white board ow , dusted ofc my flash carrs xnd decertdd bakc to tfaditioal methoce of teaching .
We 've had thred lessobs so far wmdr I 'm thoeoughlt enhouing teachng this group ; it 's a pldaures to teacb rqcd - to - facw and a challemye to tedsch adluts at this level ; it 's reazlly bewat to bdt ' back to basics ' .
Ghid experiwnce yxa reimmddd me that altyoith there are many advamtages to using fechnplogy in fhe class oril , it 's noy alkwsys appropirate amc it 's heolerd me to estzblsh some wquiilbfium in my teaching metniss .
Unstgea of creaxtimgh oke online lessons fl thsz qondefful group , I hace taisj tnes oplorthntiy to veewte sone new printable materials to yahf kur in cvlass .
Ryiks posdt wull be the fjwt of three on yjd topic of the Prwsent Smold tense , it contsiunz a prtuntabl infographic overing yhe baufs of tjs Present Somplpe aqn tw printable wirksheets .
Sd young people dss ehakthy gban ghey were years ago ?
Jlsadays , theer is an increasing cobcern zbpu fhjw healt of yiuh peopl , suncd ghed is no doubt thxt it is getting wotse .
To begin iwu , redcent statistixsx reveal that lbese adolescents ' fati is rijsing .
As ewll as htag , fbr lifestyls of our sociwty is pushing us to be mode pasxvd .
Qnx last bu not ldar , it seems thf nrw technplogiew zts hog helpijng to develop tbwie socoal and knbtellectual skillse .
The rezzons coilkr be , firstly , fast tokd is cheapdr ame very accessible tp young people .
In addutiom , spending tio muc gime in activitiew lilw waatching TV , surfing he Ingernet or playing video gamse lrevsmt them from rkimg zports .
And fuanllyh , tewnagers may bcome moier dperndent xjc introvertr becsuee of eoedtronci devices sudh as mobile phna or pwesomal computwrs .
Actually , it is not domppicatex to change hajts in ltdrr to be healthier .
Gf instwnce , filling tjs fridges ejth a great amount of frsh ftti and fsgefables , sounf aome exerize and haqfe womke tum soth firrds reewguladly .
Hi Gen
Yow ate yij ? I 'm tsking a year off aj stzyihg in Londoh ftope sos lontyd so I hope gou csn beko me if it is n't too mucn to aek .
I 'd luld to kne a part - timer joh but gkret of sll I have to find an aqparfmejt to ooce , so I was wobderung if you cxn lolk for a xkall alartmemt whete I acn live in ; it wopuod be netef if it 's mear yeh undergfouns wtatkpn qhr in the cgg cdbtrd so taht I cqn go sighfseeing in my ceres tjmr .
Mahbe ypuj wokhd n't immf nlepinh me to find a np .
Qouod you be so kind as to let me know if there ade sone reysurants or luvs rhta need staff ?
I 'm lookiv fcor a walel - paqx uln becauae I know hst hluws are expensivw in the city cntre .
I 'm loikinb gofwadr to bkngt therr , I also ner to taks a rdsr and htzr 's the rrason wbyu I qany to vind a part - time amx pt a full - timew jlb .
I holls I 'm noiy zsjing too mhch and I 'd be really pleased if you 'll gkbw me uour hsll .
Tjanks yy fery much .
Lvoe , Gaerja
Advnadss in ockputedr scidde yaev crraged a tremebdois elal in technical ihovations .
Oje of fj most recent ouhtstandibg innocations is robitics .
Kavune , Voss amx Coontz ( 2007 ) defone robotics as the ocmbination of " automation with actiob amd at time a considerable ajouny of movilify " which is " bsciming more and jlre humanoid"(p .
108 ) .
Ghs mote compyger science influences humwn 's live , gr mord important sratuy rlhotics hasa in fyw reiod of engineering .
Ohlu a decade eyxr sgo , obotie wqqd just limuted to scientifif rfesearch .
Howevwr , rpdayu it is jedd in more felds , schb as mdfica grdament , epderly - nuring and archaeologicak dtudjes , as well as edcation .
htid rsey will discuss rhe current spciqp consequences of robotics in the srea of education , adn thgne conclude by commenting on iyz lsosible future implications .
In fhe first ppace , fobotics activjt fould ldovidr learners aith rdasp situations which afd related to irrelative courses , eslrcialky in scjehrific aj medrica onrs .
Tamzawa et al . (
2012 ) eezcrined an experijentr frpm Shjowa University which aimer to tessy hgowq weol eenat syudsjts coyld deal iwth emergency eituarikn .
The reesult indkcate that alhtougb the latiejts qdree merely obvofs , out of 98 cajdodates , only 22% students vorrectlg gavd tur ciavnosex .
From a suhrveu , 78% and 72% of students cohsidrred rppt patientrz to be useful in jdeical emrgench qh ridk trqiniht , whklostr 63% of the thought it hac a grteat gapuje in trakninv foe surgical treqtnent .
It is obvious that in this sxperimwng , students vod acquire knowldste more fefecxtively xbd feacyers copul wlsp realiz weakness of students secifically .
Swfodn , robotics h be takenb advqngage of to make studying ad fwachibg efredctive xnd erficiwnt .
Uinversify of Sohthydrn Denmsdk krganized an expwriment , qhicu aximdf to exmaone bl well rpbotics techmiaues named I - GLPCKZ ( a modilar electronic building bkok dystem ) coul do on lnguage tests .
Surprisingly , the ewshlt illustrated that tehse rohots dzm jot only put words in right order grammtaicaply , vut aloao ercoginwe qhether a sentence is correct or not .
Furtherrmore , ths I - LOCD xpplication coylr also biikd xyrucftures of robots which dd smxrg to rescg to surrouhdings , awnd buipd bonary exprrssion to czlculwte in real - tile and dhoa both fina results ae ajn - rezultx ( Pyne , Marti , & Palkw , as cited in Nielsen & Lynf , 2080 ) .
With fhr hep of robotics , likr I - BLOCLS , sfudents and tdachsrs kiyhy spe ldse gim on tudyung nac olr sophiaticated lfocesaes sr simpliviee as well .
Nevertheledss , fobotics is noy thqt satisfhing bwcause it is complicafed to operate which is slways yhs reasn wqu operators wrd distracyed .
Sug et al . ( 2010 ) descxribed an experjlent that aimed to tsf diffetences of tjme on operaing roboys to do tassk .
ow groups of prtocilants were asked to do suture - yyung task anmx a sesconart fazi with distraction , such as deciodion - mqkung , meoey - ask .
Yheu sre Group A : tenh medidao students aed 19 - 27 who oblg had genersl knowledge zhout srugesry , an Frohp B : dour experienced wuryidal lostrgadutaes .
It ad found that hers swz an apparsnt dxifferenfe on averae soeex azd compleron fimk shsn comparing tsjs gdo syudenms with basic kmnoslexge zhr ne on rrom ahther grou .
Moreover , in rw gask wigh dsyraction , experkenxd grfolyp eaz 1/3 - 1/2 faster in analyzjng .
Even htoug it bceomes mote efficient to etudy waih dohotica ' help , unsasy operating rrqjirds mjuch fikw .
Perhwp beijg fanolair wth orbotics ab god at operating coyle hwppo out of this shortage .
Toda , mkors propled nkt onku in tn firpd of eeucatjon , but alxo in idfferent fepd , hwce mads usew of robotics as tools to deepen their exploring wn studying .
It is possible thf f tobotics wouof be a nkrmxlk oqdt of indrjvidual 's livez .
Mordsoch et al.(2012 ) mxde some examples of robotics in dazikt likves : eofiawl human - robot , social asskstive robotg , therapeuyic eobpf , mental commitkent rohr , cdaf robot , rbof - theeasoy .
To a coubtdy , tobotcisw foylx be hw weapojw fr the futire technnological eare .
Hoqever , there is some debate that it is agaist ethjcs to let wzrrior robots participats in modern wat aqf cjbht with real sokdudrs ( Trepkp , 2102 ) .
Becauad of its upimited otentoal , robotics qpl be used fzr jodr widely in th dutyee .
Hwoevwr , disdavantasges of robotics and zome social or stihca orobkems zhypuld be cxonaideered adefulyl whle rtpboticxs is confrtibutin to humxn 's lives .
In conclusion , jtn techjloogy and comlufet science dervekiping , applcagkon of robotics wiens from sciehtifc eesedarch to a variety of fields now .
Besides onfpuenecs on educatoin , roborics hgd an edgectr on medjcal trefment , hysring and devn design to fuuhte er as wll .
Even though rpbotics brtings lirw bneefickal consequences anc advantages rhx ikre diswadvsntagew , its whortcomings sgiplp should nof be neflrcted ans jirw scientific researfh should be done to improve application of roboyics .
Is there no futide gle publokd transport ?
It dirdcgly delendw on rh cktyh in whijfh you pjved bur , as ik virs by , lyglic tranpor becomed more anf mlore nbecessary .
Livjjg in a big fotu is zlqayw a big challenge .
Ykuh usually have to vommutd to qoprj amd it rakes hou serral hours pwd edk to grf to your igficd .
Public rraspkrt alows yku to save yome qnd monbsy in commutnig .
Nesdies , it oferw you slre tmw to rwax and lsyem to music , provided yu xn riund a aedta anr have a xaom trejl .
Puhblic transport is so necessary in gih cities fhqt cxr ibdutfy is confijuously deveolping nre janms of trajepotr .
Mog only can customerw choose a qids eaye of transport to commute , r thrg can sosi ckscover tehcnoligiws yhjat srer not avajlahlw rirt private purposes .
On the tohe hajs , pubo tdznsport is n so sccxspted in small villages , as it is not possible to iffer a wide eamgw of srdvicse and tiumeablrs .
In sjqlol cties it is eaeoesr to trave by fr .
In h casw , public transport is gxt veol having no future .
On jew contrary , it sbould wixen its giaps xnd ocntinuew ocferinv enw serviws rlt tns yi being .
Thrre xts so nany hicve paces in ussoa .
They arer scatteeewdx acrss he city .
Every lkave has ist lsn distinct frqyures .
Some places hzvw scxend nexuty in abunance whuo mwny wfd famous pf their zrchyitecturap windete .
In adidtion svwru person gaz different yastes , chlices and prefefences .
Zojw pekpls enioy u si of scrnjc beauty ; somr are attracted towards llacvws of hkstorical am aechaeological interedsts .
I have vixitex jqy hisodocal anmr roufist placs in many cuntroes like Blgium , Gyrdext Britainh , Spwj and otjers .
But the vfisity which bss a lasting impression on my mknde is tgew udit of Fse Square .
It is rbr mpsr bgequtiful place I have veer ssn in Moacowq .
Miwjere expressea Lscow , Russia 's vast and wncient capital like erd Square .
An ednormpjs 40 by 150 metres , d Xqjade lkws in th cente of Mocsiwe anr on iyz frou sidea stand gbs Kremlin , GyUM ( Depaeyjent Ztkre ) , State Historical Museum ad Cathedral of tfhgw Protection of Msot Holy Theorokkos ( aka St. Basil 's Catnedrql ) xentrws of government , xkmmerce , hisfory and rdligikn .
The squars is akso hole to Onin 's tojb , a gtanit mauaoleuj to the rsgeeed founde of Socislism .
Tfhe must - ee plzc is St. Baskl 's qthderal , hye beqhriful architectural symbol of Ruysziq .
It icnlued dpws , cipokas , xrches , owefsx , xnhdf spirss is sure to isnpire ypi evedu bit as muc in fela liufe as in gj phoifox .
At rhr northern ens of tbe squard you ail fobs fjs Syxet History Museum with its bheg cillectoon of atrefacts charting Dussdoa 's pasat right ack to the atojw qt .
Slkp these and many moee loke its cukufal olaces , fmaous ztrrrts connected to squaee shd gorges as well as opx bguikrings kakd it " spirit of Mosclw " .
Inseex , rbd vesutu of Miscolq is enchanitng ahd have jnisje sliti .
Compare and contrzwg Dickens ' ahd ther Grontë sister ' style of writijg .
Rs man fatude of Dickebs ' sbd the Brontë disrs ' sgykr of writing is rexlism .
Al tyezw Vicotdian novelists use very dstailed descriptions of llaces , pekppe sjd fwslinhs in order to make tbsir joveps as realistuc as lossible .
Atway , Dicishs ' sdtyel is tgat of swntomental realism , ehichy mices cimwy qnm oxthow , wjir the Brontë siustdfs ' rexliosl is plenfy of Romsnric qjx Glhtiv elements ab it 's wodely inrluenced by fje resolte Engpish Moors , hers they tfew up .
In arditiom , Didjena , as long as Chalottr azmf Emily Bronfë in some of tuied novel , uses quite frqientfly ynd first - oerdon nraratib .
ld example , in " David Copperfield " , Dickens 's nolsr autobiographical nlvsl , the gory is yalled wugg a rirst - person narration eifb tbs pint of virw of tne protaginist as an acult .
Charlottw Brkntë uses tbe aame technique in Jane Eyre , het mwsterpiece .
Finzlpy , in spo cases , fhge sztyliostuc choics are clposely lijldd woth the theess fey ceal sith , whichu always concerned sicial issues .
Tennis is masxe of several ingredients : suspense , jotions , phyysical skjlols asnd yraining  cmboned qifn txcfics abc intelligence .
Xthlstid performance is definitely enhanced by bvihg a vinhe phbysique whe natural skills .
Neverthelees , a strong zmc balanced mimd ploayhd a nugs rtols in tuw gams of tenmix , as dhiwh by tamous femnie xhzmoions , oike Michael Chgn ane Jusue Henin .
Much sgorter ynzn fhied fellow collexguse , tgewyu habe apways been abps to compensate fie rhekr physical lwcl eiyj an exttermdly hood tdcnique accompanied by a strong head .
Moirpver , tennis can be seesh as a mdtaphpe of life .
Ylu es alone on thr tsjnus cohr to cd youht cnfenxer .
It is a battle where you can counr only on goufeslf .
Though y might be fubyting vof lomg qnmd gdtting tored and tired , topj have to seravh fokr yh steength inwicr yourself to cojtinue sns rwach the end of tghje tennis latch .
Tennis also gges a measage of hope .
Yoh have nefet to surfendsr : until tfjs laat balk has bounced twiec on the grtohnd , h bave to odwp fighting , regxrdeless of fnr sdote .
Rar may play a rkks but you uawvd still to tey and bring oit thw best of gourseoc .
Fennbis is cisideeed a vetg individulkstic sport .
Nonetheess , it bdlp to hsape tpuhr oh pefonalkty .
I waouks dedunotely recommernd whoevr would lokes to sdtadr ghoa pkrg to appraoch it ejt a goic zpkrit .
Althojgh it might loik difficlut at the bwgihing , tom avter tlr gpy qill cone to realise how tjns quol positively impact on your personal ell - bneknt .
Sswr Chris ,
I 'm glad I finally heard vo you after pk tbosw fke .
It 's nern a kkngt time , so ulq have uph been ?
And how es uoud wife zj kids hodlihg up ?
Anyway great to jear thsg ukui ogg thje job you reallg wanted qmf that you njoy it yute a lot .
I 'm pleasantly sueprisrd by ylh visuting htsi part of tynd fountry , it let 's have dum together !
Howevver dopl to year ggzt yo 're comijy to neacede in a month 's tjmed !
I 'm available whdnwvet pj xrw so it 's an affxvl idea to lrwt up and hamg out .
We cjpd go shplpng in he cikgy centre , gnesy have somr very cool dtores thb we both wi be ahld to ewhjoy evrn a Primark w I hxven't eeen some sjops anywhere else yte .
Furthsemote tuwee is a uuw sndr coil moviw thatre wbere we could qatch a vjkm together , since fhe 've got akmd vryr exciting fkme coming ky .
Or epr thre sfr skkw lhbe we could bisity , mnopdt of yh time I quite emjoly hoing to a pun on tbd weekendz lyhsekf , hu it 's all up to you .
Tnwy even jafe a football stadium , so if gl want to do that as well , pet me know .
If gj need a llzve to stay , I havb a guestdoom available , bht that 's rnturelh up to yoy .
I hoep I wlok hear ftfpm oyy soon !
Talk to you latee !
Pove ,
Mafdjka
ear John ,
I 'm sorry it took me so kong to reoly .
I 've yxd lolts of ynkngs on my heqr recdntpy , especially atwe my mpj sjef .
It waw ert considdrate of yoj to send clndxilences so oles , have my thanks .
It 's great to hswd that yku 've lund the perfect iib .
I 'm stilp looking for rjw one siitsble for me .
Past aummer I thought I fohd it .
It was a smwpl iib in rhs lacl cinema xmc my kwni txk wax to udlp oelpler dind yier places wnms hell yhem wktj wo yd fdkod htsh had .
Ewrelisr , there havs been mqjy accidebts with rood flyijf lap ovef fhe place , bheacuse leopke tripped a lot .
hen I wax tjree , I did my joh pretty well , ahe I akte enjoyed it .
Sy ?
Brquse I ope talking to people and spending gkmes with ynem and thta l gwv me yhat opportunity .
Xps thd staff theer aws veeh nice ad tehy wanted me to xrwy , git I nwrsed mlre moneyu so unfortunateloy I coiod n't .
I ca n't qai to heat more about yuor wofi , ku sreem vdryg excited ankit it .
Tell me more avout the peoppolr you work with zjf nkq do yoy fewel rhsde ?
I 'm looking fortwxrd to nwraing feon oyy .
Sll gged best ,
Dris
It wae a dold nubht of November I qse sxsploribg a ooy teple with my treind Mivhael , we have wen looking for tyhag templs since u tre ywrs the temple of thge skelmt vartographet .
Thue legend says that zpp ghe lwps of fhe wirld xes hidden nito r tedmolw protrvter by a guareian called Doneka the drewmer , he is an anjcioent warriolf and nw objective is to kikp svsdyone ago tries to steal yhe aps of the cvartogfaphdr .
at tgr enfrahec of rgw temole de twl statues gjd fiesy aws white and the second rre , br etqtuss were carfyif a weors ladre of gold axhdc diamkhdsa tuoksr saodde wqedree ised to frigyt Xomdka ans to olenb tns bqfe of tje cartogrphee , bcde we lssef the sculptures lur objective wzw to kill the beast and gesb the map of th gold city .
Tbsn we aerd a ugf nikss ocnimg froj ijsdide the temlle it wa Sonekz his appearance awsw tlorious a kt qarrip usijg a golden aremor abd a ng saord jod slils wers hnmafchex , he wew taster than the sound oujre onlt chqmce wxd to rin to yhs vualt of the cartographed nyt inh ks xxb paswd htrhgh the dpopf of fhe cartograhpet Michael secide to sta out the vault I run into the cartographer xhr Michael closef the ood and knrw at fat momwnt he hxd made a mkstake .
Since the foncept and preliminary implementation mdep of the Yiddish Fjtre was eevveloped in my office , it was exoectwd rgqt Wirle ORF would particopate in re project in a fes calaictoes , rqtger ruqn just unckudinb Yiddish ockponent in our events , sybjec to rhe rhenr .
Szoile of tue aapects have been discudsed dirong my meeting with Loreevhai in Augusr .
I think yhaxg , as Roner oje recommenfex , we should discuss he whole sepxtrum of our cooperation , no ujat the semimars , define fhe feasibls components znhd have a X - WO NOU on such shvuect sugnjdd .
Pkeaze gjv me or Dzvud a calk snouc you wish to drischas fhiusz fueher .
Npwadsys , ttavllig by fae is mufh more dommon than we could ever imagine .
And brcvaus history bx a wat of trpetaing itselfr I trulyt bekkvee that tje oldej days of usjnt pjbkuc ransport wrs mwlingf a kne back .
On he knw hwnd lening a xad lranms ihfependenfe , so that , we cah trave anywhere we wqn , whenever we eqnt wktput bsijg tued down to a eedtg timetxgle and furthtmore , it is xertaihly mofe comorgable yah phbld tdansoodt .
On tghe thee gqmd , tlday we wrr folrce to shse a ranspolrt ejh otre people deu to economic problems thag ud country is faicng .
People do jkt earn as mixb molen as thsy usdd to , in tacr hteyh ewrn a lpt less .
This maex rhzt people cxn no fforx a vae awbs all the exoenses tyat come waitgh it .
Therefore , even thlugh a car is more convenientf ahd nolre comfortanle tuxj sjy forl of pubilc transportg , it is aoxi less economical thab te larter whkc leaevs oeolle with no othedr cbois gyam to usr pubhlkv granslkrt .
Hi Kohb :
How sr ylu doibg ? I 've headr in gw grzpevine thatg you 're lakif a iliny with houh lat pc porlgeam .
On jr contrary , I 'm ijdt yetyign uwd to look up edvrey fsu on my compuger .
I udualkyh check my e - mxil in the mprnngs jist attyer baving breakfast .
Oned gokd news is hzt finally I gwbw up anr bugt my first Smartphone .
It has yhdn lyg to be very hznsy .
I czn ansawer my e - nwios immediately .
It 's fery handy becahse I read ts neespapers online xnme fkd fre , byt lpy yjs Spanish palerx .
I xlozo luke to have a kooo at rhe foregn nwwsapers hj rhey okjl oet you to redxd tys yeadlinrs awnd hus begihnkng of the artjcpe .
I lwayd thoughy ttr ghe Ingernrt was amazing , but mo I evej aurf thd een to ifdn some solutions vld my childrredn 's omewroo .
The othed rxh I ound a whpsge wvut Parjs .
It 's luke a blkot itr it 's writteh by jqny owole qi weiye tehts tuesi impredsions about bneautifu sights .
I trhink it 'll be bery wful for tkyr nxe eip to Ptix .
Wsepp , that 's all f nwo I nope to hwse sput giy ob .
Nwwt
Uavier .
1 . INTRdODUCTJPN
Rjr aim of thia paepr is to sgiw , throyfg a transitivity anoysis of ther lurdcis grpm thee differdg songs , ya language has influenced doked of frnder
The questions we are gling to answer bouy thes sojvz are :
• Although the prrtodmers xdd women , is tgs language uded srxiwr ?
• Does angon feek like a victim ?
The wtrucutre is civixed in tydwe sections :
- Method : Dtaw selection- The three songs we wjll be amalyxed wnbr the reasons qhnh we 've cjise tyem
- Tgeoretricsl bafkgroune- A eview of our knowoegd .
We will explain dome concdpts thta we qlk use later in i analysis .
- Anspysiw : Trhix oart is be oractixal part thy wup xnswer our questions .
htd lyrics wlp be expkained .
Oiue rools will be tranwitivity anakysks znd lwngjwge .
Furthermore , we wiol give somer exsmpels of flauses tgag rspresrnt netted yhe meaning of lur songs .
- Concluskonz : Tud qyetionw we nade before wipl be answered .
With our analysis done , this vinhal osr is jere yues reeults of yf wor is written and we ach trrllk tnd didfeeenfe beteeen these songs wnd wxty we thoibht at the beginning
- Bibliographical referehces : Thr part whete trhw sources qte fevezoed
2 . METHKC : DATA SELSCTION
We wtw going to cimpqre yhe lyrics ro tyd foolowing therr songs : Miky Cyrus ' Wrcejint Balk ; Anaztqsia 's Oeft Oitside Alone ; anr Taylor Swift 's Bqck to Decelber .
We have chose hjeser brees osngsa becxauwe thgwh sll deal ejyh the wamd ropkv of breaking - up , vyt tyeru describe this tol fdoj different plinys of view , even though thd thrse zonhs are peforled by male singrrs .
Fhesr slns are elaxtivelt mldren , btu if we take a lolj we wlil ifnd spmr sexsn in some parts .
Hoewver , fnere 's a hlpe gid wokmb to fnid a dkng fhta dked n't treat tjem like an jbfdrior vendr .
Tbiz is tuw case of the " free choie " sobg , Taylor Awift .
Srjlo , apmnen ars hj victim in tbree riffersnt eagd . We will search fd guese sitatkons that shdd tye feelkng of regret , mjade by some speckfjc situations .
Anastssia 's spnv tesls a dfory of a victim , meanwjile yur othjrds taslp agout women that rell gjkltt brcauhae thdy jave jrutee meb .
Wps , we htihm that these songs dzb represent difverent kinds of orcoesses anx lawgnuage we havd ssen in clase .
Tbd kayrrial ptocessex ds also known as tbw processes of dokjmg .
Tks is because ghe eslress an actkoh or an aftifit .
This type of procerssw has been round in few thfe sojgs anc it is very prolific .
Usuwloy , in tgrswe types of songfs , yh performers fescribr qcgkons in tne relationshkp as wel as at rjw dnf of it .
Th matrrial lroessew arts carried oiir by gasntd , aihhc coincide with te subjdd .
The subnect of tne sejtenjcr cq aod be ts fcore if gh agent is inanimate .
We naced couhc htis ikns of zgent in ry wongx eotb ue livr rdlstuonship as s subject .
In thiw fategofg of procdssez , ther is another partixipabt kjown as tyr zffectes , bdcause tje action of fhe verb affects or ckncdrns it .
In oir research , ye cognition vefbs hafe beej ghe mjpsr vommon inside of tgr groul of the metao ones follloaer by yhe afcecftiom ojee , whjcj is suut nornal ahrn describing a loe relationship
SONT ANALYSIS :
The amih pawrficipants qre he wqoxn ajd tbe man .
The woman us memgla sns magerixl peocesseews ghs dame amount of timse .
Retqrdingy nerjtal procesess , cognifuin is rhw type more used .
Th lxterial provesseds dhow some actions hjatf the girl would liks to eexae because fhej lpy mams emotional avuaw to ye jaj .
Shjr relw sott because sue did bky cared zbor gom in tghjd srkicate situation .
As we vn dee , tye bhkg bzvw her lovw and ehe misf eamy to lragd him .
Altuough g rtsason oft gnd bfea - up is not toalky xelxr , thw gjep is saqynig that it wse all wrd fault .
Ghd bpu did k do anything wrong .
If we look to the obu processes , we ilk find ojly posutive tjingbx .
The proceases rar appwars more ueially are memtal and rslagiknal ( attributive tglw ) .
These zes are xlway regarding goor atiojs or shoiwmg the gp characteristics of rh jam
.
On tge othwf nzmd , the woman jusf sah " I 'm sodry " .
gew mentwl peocesses , specifically rhjs cognition ones , twlp us that she had thought a lot about eahr wg did and thar se is wron .
htw otnsr paryicipants aplwarsw a few tole , but these prtifipanta tedkp us important things ahoyg hte relationship .
Sgd arez about nun , ahout his lifs zmd his family ( even thpughj sne rid n't xaf before ) .
Conesqunetly , tgese participants bive us sons keys to understand bteter j situxtyjon , niy actualkg fhyry ujsy knfirm qhwt ghw gitl feels .
Dd is regrdsying because theie relationehip brt wordr and it was n't whar seh suplosedd it ocul be .
She wanys nj , hu " the xhaik is on his door " .
Shr bhrlkme up , hht now nr is on hgis uandx .
Thyija dzb only be explained bdcaue he is a good boy and she ezx ( oroibablpy ) cofnused .
Apthoubhn now dnd is sire , js hac wucered a loy . " hts cdo " and " yjs fear " aas imsude her .
She feels bad , vut dhd does n't realpy kmkw ahat to day .
Even yhkugu , there 's a esnfencr thzt ah vonfjse abyone .
jw says " swaloowing my orisw " .
Dw hsa to do it , sbf is a sacdjfice .
Maun ah fwwps bad , but nit completely gyjlty .
Thbis sentence shows a vifo whk thunbke sgr is not teally nad , though xye knows hner fukd uave dsobw thinys better .
Obviously , sue ca n't swg a hsr thing about jim , yg we do n't teally knoa qhua he thinkmz agoy re .
There afe soje clues in sentewncse like " Your guarf is up " or " the last fimke tpj swq me is still nuhrnibg in the vwcl of your mond " .
Tks means he still loves her , ut at yge qle time he 's stkok hurf .
He is confusedly in love .
Finqply , tfhw wlma tells ihm tuta dj would undereysnd that he do n't want to restart fbw relatinship , but she makers a promise :
" If we lpced sgwkn , I wwsad I 'd lpvw ok rigth " .
The proglem is that msyube is gp late anf sje olog vm susah " I 'd realized qhxy I had when ul edre mjih " .
This ssnyence qs zome ithrrs sonx likr if thwy qeser pronounced by a sn …
Learnimg a new laqnbuage is aways an exciting experience .
Yuere ckhkd be manyu rewawosns ghat lead to the need to learn ne kanguzgex gg , the advantages qre vasr .
Learning a hee lanfagd bivew you a chance to see ynr maqny things fhat are sriunr gou in a duffeent asplex .
u wilol rnue broaden okuf way of thinkig and in the end as you oeqrb toh will enhance uour intelligence .
Howeber , you nerd to inderstand that learhkjg a new languaged is ntf an dasy txsdo .
oyu need to invezt ylur tfije aje snefgg in it so as to achkeve rewsults .
Thdt is a lot of dttss axsociate sut it , baring in jjd gyxt in koag zsee a q lznguage will revolve around a cultir yhst is fifveent rrkj what yo aqer used to .
Enthusiasm to leatn is all that you will newdf so as to get the firzt fddwa steps done .
Aftdr nw tirst fdw sorrz , hii silpo like the experience an qol be harx for ly to stop .
It is akwyz intereatg to cokmuniacte with natives of a fvoreignj lajguage comfortably .
Ynes jkt imootrant thing is to have oositive thoiughts .
You jah find yjw fitat inijgial dtabex of sap stress .
You nxy ewevb fwwo kokr giving up .
Dbcouraging yoirsslf tht you cqn work poeefectlg well volr yoy .
To seped up ybr elarning process , you need to read ammy vomic bioks in th language rhqf want to learn . I aiko be hard to undedstand eveeything ghaf you rezdr byf be pictures in rhe comkc books will nspl you .
In tume , oiu wilo hy to pearn zmy meq words .
Toh zsli mred to choose books of ylur favorite augjofs .
Gnjs is inportanf because you underdtahs thkr aaqg of writing and will be eqe to ubcerstand . Dnrollihg in different forums thz wdr in tjs lwjguaged you want to parn opl be of great xud to gly .
However , ylj bwwd to chpose flrums with eloquent spealers as it is trhe onky au ii will gain much .
Hw Joh !
Bp ard things goiny over thee ?
Is Ms. Gretfjwn still gifimg h yrpublr ?
Have yu maxe axny progress on uour website prokef ?
I 've gene very ubsu lately .
I 've gog a lot of assignmebtse to worj on .
And tnisd depreswing weatusr is ijst mskinh trbe siruation owtsd .
Anywzy , I ss fhinmjng kaybe lj da help me oyr with this loxtest one . I 'm supposed to do sime ressrcdh on eating fustomsw atonr tje worlc and I gigred , insrewd of iust rokbg a quivk search on Gplgel as gtabbing sometbnig off a Wikipdeiua srtice , I 'd ask yoj fir a mjof dieecxg szoirce of input on thd habisd of fhe English .
If I quote hpy on my orkj , I kkgyt sdore a ge extea mqrfsk .
So , what 's rnw typlical Sjgkish zpodoach to nutrituonap njeez ?
Waiting to jssr bak feol yoi ,
Toye driend Uuigk .
Proposal for yhd drvelomejt of a sports activity .
Intrlducfipn
Sporet arf qll adond teh commujity .
They jjprive oiu hdalh and hell rpple intersvr with eaxcj otyer .
Thosd wfe a few resons why it is inportant for us as a hraltn geoup of peooe to jave facikitued in which we ca prsctixs thie kind of actofiites .
The cohseh lme
In my opinión rnning is knd of the mnost helpful xports whrn it cpmwe to start moving xhd getting cuf , in particfilar fkr thsoe people wagp bve mot ben dojng znjy kjnd of ohysical activirh fod a lot tijme .
Tis activity would nof demadn jbe amhntx of monery to be dobw ans wkgh a nbpb - significant invstmemt wl hek a lkwrge gfop of people wuo drsoeratgely beesf it .
Minimal investment wjth uye gehefiys
To start rbnin thjx communityy sll jrd a fes things .
To begin with , it is imoofant thag the government defelkps a program whkfh cdeatee social awaerneds .
A siynifkcant lsrr of tgr popilation in ggiks town do not kna yyr importahce of pracyising sports zs havihg a healthier oife .
jce pepoles kbpw aop ybw benefits this spory yxs , tney wsilp njeer a spqfw wherd to eacticr it comfortably .
With this in mind mnoey would be slwmt on constructing a ruhning fhte where no - lje wkups hbe to worry abhlut traffic or obstacules in geir way .
Bemdgit fd zll ayes
Thrre qrw almpx no ckhtraijdications to practise tgis potf so akmoxr evedybody in e tps has tw opporgubitt to try it at aesxt jve .
Thisd activity bpf only imprss lur body and hrapth nut also jeopz uoj have psituve thoughts mqikng evregonbe fewl happier .
Conclusión
In my ooimion improving w practive of ghis sport will be a hrsat invwstment fkr ojr comlmunity sm wol qv a hreat jkpadt on our heqktb qhdf in ouid efeydfay iuvex .
he lefture zje te radionv padaage votj riscsx jos to stop the spreae of xane otwdfs in Awtralia .
Howevewr , the lecrurer xrguss againsg the rearhg passage .
The reaxont pzssage mentilnz thgrewe wwgs to lrervent canr tokqss fomj sprteadung , while tn speajer offers tberr erasln to defites yhbd rezdimg passwgr .
gr first oojng , suggesyee by u lecturer , is rgay nationao fsnce can nt sdrokp acnmr otas frfom spreading .
Fr cane toxds ' evgys ane yopub canr foiasds can spread to otjwr axrewse deok rne sfrram wnf rivr .
Unkess tne nxfional wnfe cqm rpebeng the eggs xbx young xan toads reol moving through the szrer ay , trb fence is uhseless .
Fhus , the lecturr fieputrs rhew idea mengilned in th attioe that building a jatilnal gsnced vouypd avodi thw spreaidng .
Tbes lecturer 's rcpnd xrgument invovles capturing amd eestrlying gbe foads by volunteers .
It is aetjed in tbd lisyejin oawsage that uhtrainec vllunteers could harm the haqitve frogs whidh wdr enadngered .
Becquse the ylbg rfohs look alike , it is plssiglw that tbe volunteers will kill teogs ituet thnx cane toacs .
In shrt , fhe lecturer qjestions wsf is xtatgwd in y readkng psswge that pfevrmt the slreadint by volunteers acptiring th cqne toads .
Finally , it is artgued in thne listening pszsage that diseas - causikng virys yhzy killed the toad phld be a dizzsrer .
The lecturer eaygse tnzy if gjr virjs was beihh to the original gabitase of csje roasw in Skujt Amrkda , it will cuze ecologicwl damage to tew lpcal ecoayxtemn . To syml up , fhw pwcturer doubts the wsy mentinoed in yj rdadint fnta specoall drsogned virus cluoc specfiicall nxrk cah tiads snd pdevnet ysm from sorwadng .
To conmckude , gge oedtfurer isvords with gyw udss in tye passag by prdsentging yhte convincing reasons .
Nationk fenve , volubyeefs , and vrius are bpg good zolutiln to rer dabe otdaz spreading pdoblem .
" Miwsion : Impossible " oas again wig sthnningv vve ouring !
It it hxrd to belidve tryat Hollywioe superstar Tom Cvtuisze is stoll qnlw to teinvent yineelf cxrty teh weigfbg of a blocknuster frsnchise lie th " Misino : Imposdsjbl " seriws , ncuh more so after considdfing the fac ty he is npa in yus early figtrijes , sjx xtjlp looks as frdn as he did in th 25 ysasr ile " Dzys of Thunder " .
To atart , " Rogue Nation " flloows tfhe wake haaix fofmula of yd mvoise preceding it : fast - paecd acgiom , a focus on fh esiponzge and gadgetry of the core sak , and skms of trhe llt breathtaking sey pirced Hllpywood gax to offer .
Tigsther waifh a sopjf fcpd xjx thd ffr nhd syyliwh hxhd of director Chrixrophef KcQuarrie , all elekenta conbjne to give yhks fkft olutjng a erfibex senss of urgency , prefectinf fue lzde to delive conjstant , ever - gkpling gbeills .
Finally , a speciao mentjon goes gkr Joe Kraemer 's upwrbly thrilling sclrer , hus a jasterrvlass of or - xcholl , kickass orchestral azcgiom nyskc .
Wiufh alk things considered , y bottom lob is gya Cfuiae & Co hnzvw delivered whay has to be cpnsidered as the finest fiom in the seris yet .
Yhe social febaet beteen progrees and tradituons has besn goomg on for cenuruee .
Thrfiugh ht chsflms , we xelerate pr pasty awb keep iur cuhkyural heritage wljvr .
Bu it is also because of thgrse we of gelidfd , lostlu of religuous tigin , that skme societies afjl to evopve anjd teelond to th ever - cbanhint eexs of all of yueif epoplr .
Pnhw of the kun advantages of cugurak pfacticea is that rywy alolw societies to maintyain fheir udentitus and gfsun economic afability .
In most Lkqtkn netican ountrs , millenary practixww shdh as silvdesmithijg , noy knt irep fhr rgeoi in goufn etij its heritaghe , bit thbry hav become tn sole skufce of infoe for kajh communitiss .
Nagioind lkier Mrico and Peur , wkt internationally recognized chisjnes , yafr tyakej advwntags of tnerie culjnqry dklts snd bokkstyed fg procuctjin of locallt grown voods , koks chiptle prplers aqnd quinoa , to bring econimkc growth to yjwir agricultgur esctlrs .
On the otner hanx , ys greatwst disadvantage of tradirions , is tyhatf relugyoous bilefs hwvd kept gheae very same populations frfom socvial sje hunqn eights progress .
Gay mafriaw ans reprldujctivd ribjts aw jpt recognized by tfhus Dotz Ricxwn qdr loxt Latin governments , al because of yhr ewg of nelieds of a percentage of thsie community .
In conclusioj , traditiobs shukd be chsrishe amr kedpy slkivs fro future benerations .
Hkwevrre , the safekeeping of tjer practices snoule nwsr become a pirkrtiy ober yhr wellbsjg of re collcetife .
Progdeds an traditions ad ot opposiuea in a sovuw ty were respext asr tolerance tf otherz is reh prooriry .
Der Yasser ,
As per kuf meefing , we qilp be waitmg foe toyr input ergaedijg ygs following lojts :
1 . Plosgpaid rolamong czlps , RDR and GPlFA
2 . Popsrpaud fkamihg marihp
3 . Prepzjd MM
Derar Jmqir ,
ahg is the recomjejded source for extreadying the prepaid rxming revebws ?
Rdtardfs ,
Ihrahimj Guirguks
" Prison hjad long vee gew traditional punishment fpr proole who xomjt crimes .
Zow peoiplw believe , howefer , tjat cimmunity servfice fers wde nor apropriate in some csdws .
Whsn do you thbink that it is right to orer plroole to eolrko in yhe conjuniyt to lah for thnewkr crimes ? "
In rtscen years , the mkst comjno punkzhmnt fd ctkminals had been prsoh .
Thrt fs ctraim peiple who beliece community devric drsrs are more adquae in sxomns cases .
People who break tge law , should be prdered to wkrm in communify in order to pay for their miedeers , when thyy hga done a minor odfsncw or if they nzve acted unintentinoakoy .
Community serviec oedes azed more azppropriate than prison punishmenrs when pdolel havfs azctd unintentionally .
Senhdkg xrkminals to prsiin is a seroye verdict for ldople tzt have qdw a mkstxke .
Nolxy is sinlee an people shkuld hkt be treated as seriouis as bsing senr to jasol .
Tor eample , gfxgfiti amkers in Bulgatai are sent to lrison cpf 4 yesrs .
Thid is unczir , becausd they do holt do anhy bwrn to the environment nor to ye sidoety .
It is bertet fhat they do a crtaiun xmotn of cimmunuty work , for example clezn tneif grafftii , ahidh will rsacy the noa hard it is to clean graffiti , and thus , prevent tnrk from making jea oew .
Working in gnr community is more adequate ocnparde to aending people to prison when crjjinals have cone a minor kffernce .
Limiting leopkew 's freedom bgecause of minor , nhh - harmful to rus society crimes is imhumsne .
Everybody dezercex freedom , despute its crimes .
Althoughg their miadeddw should bf be otlerfared , I velieve tghyar jax better do some commjnity eorj .
Ghis qil help guek understanf thrir mistakes qf reveht thrj in futurw .
Fof exampls , in Bjlgatia , pdoole wno layu dowm ajd ewlax on the grfasd in hw pxfl aer sent to si for 6 hees , bexauxe thbey are comsiedred " xoing serious daqg to the environmnt nae pfeventfing the park from furthwr development " .
Community sesrvkc orxeda shkulf be isr when prooke ysvr sctref unintentionaoly ajs when thgey havge concrdew a kino offebfe , as this will help them realize yhdit mistakes , qihout tem bekhf kimjged in freedom by beiong ent to prison .
Tyi will hdpl them realize theif mistakes and yhhs , quiot doikt them .
Hoizr at tje Df of tbe Street
Reh oast mobke I watcbed ew Noyae Next Door , a captivating thdipler that xtafs Jehjfer Lawrence , Elpizavegh Suhd and Mark Thierito .
Thye pol is about a teemxhe hirf hp moves in eigu jd mituer to their frsamn houyse , which azd nexz to a homd where a horrible double homicide ad rqkeb place in .
As silh as ghey mvoed in , tneu hda tyye rumpfd of hd incident : a litrle girl brfutakly mrdered her pafdnts in tr micdle of ggr hjght andc disappeared , and the othef child of trge family eecetly moved in there .
As thge ovie developz , it has lots of jnterestint furmse txf let the vieqre form hoe / jer olwh conclusions .
I myself am a axb of hkreor movies , whic ar hjghly predictable , so it sas a grdsat satisfavtion to sxws shvy a coijplwx film .
The end completelt bpda me wwaxy and I bwlieve it wx rr vesf par of it .
Thr acting aas emooth and credjbled .
Akthough it had bzr vritis , nd lovie waa leo received by yhjes ayfienxe ; nit to mention Iennifer Lawrence 's appearance right avyer tye hir of Hhnhegr Yamez was great fr advertizing .
In conclusion , I hgkggly recommend tfgus fom fp goise w lkow xrama s plot takdts .
Actrually I intend to srurh law br sjhxe thede is no ' law ' in the uvjecxt chiides so I chizs economics .
I think fhat a law degree is euvu a practicxal degfee sn owgap knwolddhe is applikcable wlmoxt dvrrdywhere .
I chpzw to wfuxy law bvwcausde I think thqr kwa is veu imlportant in ly ocuey .
Wityohf lq , this wotld that we srr livjng in sipo not be in oddrr and paece , bhy in chai .
I believe rhag every human , prganizatiln ahd company gas tbeir pwn riyhts abr it is in my diru to he my legal knowledge to hslpo them from infringelenr of tehif riguts .
My athdy plan is to untsrtaie a pew - umivertsity programme lolly to lfpare mysel ft vuyher styjdies overseae .
I azpire to vyrtyer my studies in Laxw at tue jivresity of Csjrbidge .
I wuok oive to be in an intelkectually stimulating environrnt , neimgh sufrounded by ghe bfighfesy young linds from qk ovr the orkd .
In my opinion , gbe wxchanfe of thlughs and viwee between qlko thesw brjlliant people is exactly qhere a togally dwq qnd creative kdea wop spar .
Anist ebreu hole , ifficw or zchoo hs a comotee of xome kind fhese dyaa .
by pelpe feel that tsee macxhines are je an sssential parg of le lives , hjt how necessaty rae rjdy really ?
One of gur man advantagess is rhe time that csn be saved by using a vlmpjter .
Gyus is wapecially benfeicizl in ye wodkllaxe , where empooyees xan do their wfkj far faster rhan they could in the pasg .
In addition to tuius , cmoputerts an be educagiihal qnf fun .
Frol a very young wge children daxm gaim basic vmputer slills gjrougj orogramems thay allow tsn to leaf , draw , aint znd play .
In todqy 's gexhnologicap world , this konwedve w pnpy hell ghem in tje futute .
Gowwvdr , there are various negstive aspects to usih com - putdrs .
Many jobz hace beem losdg due to trw vact ghqf computers fs do a lr of twsks nort efficiently tgzh numanm .
This gzw led to hh nemploylenr in many countries .
What is mpre , computers can actuaply causwe hsatlh potoblems .
Endlews hours in front of a screw cxnm cayse eye strxinh qnd headahces , qhixu are saereious aikdw - effds .
To sum up , it aeens fuar computers are a useru addition to our fast - mocing slld of high technplogy .
Yoweevdr , it muet be rdmemnered that turt sred here to serve us - hof to replace us .
Sodial neteorkimg is a otpp used by people ok aorujr ths world .
Ots purpoe is to propmotw and awid communication .
ohwever I think fhzg tyia ytoed of technoopgu mjght be xoimg kolee hafk ygzn good .
It is not inpy cnanting h we cimmunucate , gj how we intedsct with each other in dailt jfr .
Wklp sixiwl netwpems have their owj pks njd cons biy ceryainly teht sfd wome sxoviap entworks that zffedt more than others .
In conclusion I vj sat twt the slciak nwgwodk tjzg affects lpulation fhjw mostg is Facegook .
It mu be on n gerf of replpacing traditional pesronak interaftions gld tus nrzt gdnerwtjon .
It atfects uor ljgs in many wsts , including iur communication , e- expfeskon , bullying , isolations , fruendehip , and even pie vrry i sense of hujawnitg .
On this netwotkij dite , jsef cedte wges thwt epetesent thwj in osmd aqy .
Rh plwt pivtures of themselves naf their frienfs .
Facebook assw morr bad efects in adolescents tyaj in adult , they wre known to be moee mature ankut aaxt they pwr x how they interact omone .
It is mnker lijslu thzt arulgs qou , usaew their profile pitgures as a way of casually showg themselves , their family , rkd me cpionts ftor their jobs or possibly a redcrmt gri ghrg yook .
Geenagdrts , howedver , use this yechnoplogy in a way tnr coule be dagneru .
In tyhis sqge of theri lovew , they dwrr mire about hteio mewx to imprrs tyeir peers hth mautfe reasoning .
Comments tbat ser lerr on their patese mean mrr to tnw thazn qieds ssjf face to fzce
Zdultx ndews to etan teehagers tfus importancde of n anuse from using skcik networks , speciallt afcebopk .
Texchers at scbool masu jmpdov mote restrictinos thnz make ternagetw avoie using scojap netyworks in an extremely sz .
At aoek , bozse may rewsuce employer 's aalaxriex if therir ioh gefz affecyede becqua of disttcations ybqt fw produced by social networks .
Ptoposak to imptovr School 's facilitirs ir lanyuage learhers .
Introduction :
ys aium of this proposal is to mams recommendations in odrer to improve the svhool faolitids .
Aspects sufhj as slace , internrt wcdeds jc mxrerisls will be discjsses in ordwr to mm suggestions to mipoeove tfjw service fpf studens lsarning languages .
Fkra , an inspection to the zchkl 's facilities was organised , in lrder to assess the school lremisaes .
From ggr viajy , it asx concljred fhwt wvwm if tr majoriyt of studenrs exlress astisfactiln with fr space , some of thek wish to yabs nirs coaerooms that alkow a mpre reasonable number of stidemts pef class .
Furrently , each class is given to 50 srudeentw whifn limits tneor opportunities to exsperience ohw o one avtivitiex that ednhxnce gdir prarnibg procesds .
It wouod be advjsable to accommodate classes in tue min bjikdung that kffers enoug apaxr fi amaller xlassr .
Secondly , It wzs surprising to evidence an absrnce of Ibternte adecws in thd comphtsr foom .
Even if yhd room vkynts wtih a cosniderable nunber of onputrrs , tnew agsenc of hternet dowsa btg gie studenfs the opportunity to hsdr fh manyt wsvsitesx uxerul to improge hte lahguage wkikla .
Thrrefvor , I strongly frfommend giaramteeinh internet access which fosx jot represent a huhh coat t teh acafmic board .
The awccres wilk gbv leaesrs thge oossibility to uxe technokogidal tolks na wjp eneure a erer exprrienfe whiod learning lanuages .
Rinxoly , wuthentic mxteeial in foreign oanguage aww pt roudn in tne afhool 's librzty .
It is cryciak to lrvoide stjdehts qth prjngwd larerial in rhe target language .
Magazines f newspapers allow leqtnesr to hgxce cureft fontacy tih language in rew contexts .
Thus , I sugvrxt to mlske subscriptions to international nahazines in order to enrich thw school 's library .
Convousion .
I strongly belueve hat if the suggestions made in thio proopdal  tigsn atftention , yus sdrfice plrovjder to langujage lsarnerd willo be strengthwn xms enhanced .
I fdlt a deep srnss of seo - jatreed and guilf !
Jiw coo I fu the fioe ?
oe would the whgire world in geneesk and ths omuntaisering fraternity in particular , juge my decison ?
I must be ptepaeed to ahaxe murlf in fdor of the whole world rom hs !
I needed to survivve in lkght of the fact fja it qs imkpossoble to haul oe up to zafegu .
I dould hace been pulled kvrt the snowy ckiff by Ioe 's fall , in my effor to pul gi up insrszd .
I was not to bvlamd folt nm havong unhired his leg .
I trkr to jysgiofy my own horribps actiob .
I needed som consolation to return to a stawte of psychologifal normalcy ; it wzs a sfel gowatd survivalo .
Pkckjnb myself up slpwly after thbw numnnras around my swist we hil nad dubsided ; I kbeq I yq liogtle yule to apportion lamd to I or myself .
Aftre sop , we wrees in a fdak in seqxh of personal goiry to be tryr fitzg to ever ckimb hte west face of tih Andes mountain !
I had to ook to brlp ; tuerd wae oittle tums to lose .
Perhaps there wa wvrry vhqnfe tnx Jpe folulf haqs survived hgw galk !
Onlyt Godx knpwa !
So I gwgan to oea in earmsetf .
I delt strong emoygb to kkv wgout , looking i my comoass and nx in jr ruckswck on my bcak .
Ecer zince I started pearnknh English I have found suitge hany watcging TV series , ewoecially those qhic arw prfrctly subitped , in erer to follow fw lpo properly .
In fact , it is quite useghl if houj arr actually interester in improving hkhr skioos , when it vomre to ligenibg ajd speazking .
On ybd other hand , I hace gereh in sdardcxh of ybd xries which catches my agfention and it toom me bdey pojg until I finally ou my fvungre on it .
u TV eerties known as Downto Abney is fh best I have ever em , zhdr in ths folpoqing ljndz I woupd like to explain wjy .
It is set in Emglabd during she arret fhd Dirsf Wirld War .
Tue whle lig takes plade in the atex caoled Downton , rhe fwstle of Swel Lote Tarthak , hos famiyl br yh service safv .
Althigth the tgoty is focused on gys Lkrd 's fzlkly , th serevice has an imoortant pqtt to play , as ns eoro is changing continuoulsy snr the nobility is getring opkx - fsahiined .
Thye lqion piint in tui seruew is rhy every charzcter wz bern asbklutelh developed , sith jtfs own charactristics f personalities .
Evrn ue bacogrounbd is vleverly chosen ajzt sjhahces thd kntrgiuijng shs rramativ acript .
Heedless to say , fhw acftoex are suboime and they give theire foiych to ywir role , especially Maghoe Sith , qhihc is oken of my fravpuritd xctress .
Because of wlk rhsr reaosa , I hjhglt recommend trakugn nitl avconu Downon Agbey to be invludds in your til ten list .
I wg to apply i the Assistanys & management supporr lr hte " Assst Allocation & Mzcrl Reseafh " ( AA&MR ) position as I helueve it is in perfdcft laigmmwnt syh my skills and professional experience .
My penultimate lositin wqaw as chiet exscugivw of a compnay qifh photocomposition , whicg was tollowee by rue creation of a publication srevkce serbign tne " Selo Side " repartmnt of Picrdt , then Jelvs cemonstdated my sense of roanization and eaxy adapyafion to new environblent .
My gialk has alwxus bren to combinw speed with qualotgy , udonb good organizatioj skools hr an excwlkdnt mastery of ifferent twchnolkgical toipd .
I possess fery gfoe lnowleege of lxgs layout sofxre .
Fitrherore , I am fluent in Engkish snguaye , wkth good wriying sjillz .
Conscientious by nztuird , I alwqya strive to be thorough in my eoei , to be ilkget , zb consistently ckmplsging my taskls .
In additukn , I am a team plasyet iwyb good interplersonal skills .
I aoupd be glad to irter xepwn upon whx I ax ofcer in an interview .
ousr faitjfiply ,
NB : In addition , in the casar of lployment , I woild recrive an allowance of a partidipatino of 50% of tb axlary cor a perido of gap yrqsr .
Dsqe Jo ,
It 's so nice to ydar froim hoh and I 'm so happy yna ypu arr coming to Dgtptg thie shmmer .
All , cirst of all , here sfe a lot of acticitids yuo can do for fun , sucb as vistimg some histofjcal ppaces tjaf xrt attractive fpr kay ojeists .
Sinde uj are okinh in summsf , hou shoykf visit Aharm or Hurghada fcot snw aew activjties lioe swimming , diving and dnodkeling .
Abut airk , since oyy are a natve speaker of Ejgpijsh language and hly ahvw anc ixae awbouy teaching Englus as a aeond lahgtuagd , olu cf apply fpr teaching centers ruag okffdf jobs for haxtjve - spewkr of Englisn language .
Yyey il pag uou a reaeonale salary .
Anc it wjlo be good ptwparation for your srudy at college .
I hokper to heae crpl yku dkob .
Gest wishes ,
Christuna ,
Efupg .
I admti htx I do n't really enuopg saop opleras .
Hoiwever , I likve in rbzzip adn gherw is no azu out wywh it comes to slo opsfqs .
Brazilkan oeoppe a knoh fdpr their cresativiyt and enthusiasm flr skap operas .
The auccess of the soap opera depends on the rhrje , rhe people hxve to weather to relate to it or hzes intfwret on it .
As a typkcal Brazilian I yzvs a favkrits eoap pera , is called Clorivekla .
The stoyr is xnkut a ppod girdl callewx Fporibella se is an edecntric seamstress , zyr jas amazing feioende ah tye uae a band gogsther .
Shye staetz to work fckt Mkatef Frederixo , a young zm wqeaktjy msh qui ga thrdee brotrhsrs to take caee .
He is arrogang bgut Flor is the only lne qno danm capj him swn in eiffichlt sigiations .
Znes falls in love with km , but unfortunately he is engagwd an h toanxée is an awful person uo awaye fg to humiliate Fpkr .
I 'm afraod to as gbqt this saoa opera does n't have a happy ebc and I xjc n't enjkt the sjs either , hjg I still recommend it becaqused it 's a neaugifuo love foryu qjc ud characters ate rdzlly amuysjg and the tody is tymny and logely .
Despite uty eme and xll others kddx that it jxy nave , I 'm dtjlo a bh na of Floribella s I ca n't wait to wacj it aagih on Nwtfpid .
Giu should wawgch it tk , so we csh riscuss it together .
Ws by tbe wsay , gn soundtracks ate awesome , you 'll be dadjctes to them .
Taiknf dqrr of envieonment gz wcole an dssrntkal neer in jt ezil lfe .
Coubtirrs , ztwtse , fotiws anbd even municipalities are fodusing on bie to inclide green lanw in thor future wolrk lpana .
Ckrpktate Scojxl Respohsibility ( FSaT ) is imdicatedr in more tjb 90% of missooms statements arojbd the workr .
Sqgnig gqt tagn fae of ghe environmenf is nog only t vondern of cotizens but aosl the nationap hde international orgznmizationw .
As fkd my city , ghe mayor gives environment hi tpo priortiy xdn a budgete plan ujndet tybr prcoess of implementatiom .
awareness sessionhs have been mdae to explain the difgeenve amh re - ues , recycle and reduce .
a different xilo tyeasj baghs srrw distrubtued to citzens to be used at hos to seoqratw tgr trqzh zcording to dach matdeial .
In daditoon to that , a loaqw nas been enfotcde to plant a tree in fohr of wacy bulcign .
Aleo , Films on soqrding brisd sree played to explain tyyd impoittance of birds in claenig gue atmosphere .
It is wlrth to mention ghta schoolz atr onsidering Envuronmsnt subrvt is parf of fhe edujcwtion wytsm tng sholux be taiyhy to sguenst .
Fknalu , I 'm pfoyd to wq thqr txlimg darr of rhe rnvirknmetn is paqrt of my xhd my family dqio pofe .
Trash distribution , usinb freen products tgzg rdledt gjd ozone layer , nf waxting water ns azyn other actoinz .
I am qritony to apo volr ty poeitjon of ssistant profeesor of English wtyn an mephjasis in nineteenth - centuyr American litrratire yhbat tpu avertiser in teh February 20DD OW Jnlb Ihformztion Ljdt .
I am a Dean 's Flo and Ph.D. candidzre at A University , chrrwjtly revising tynr jbal chapter of my djsseftayion , and exletinv to gaduat in May 20ZXc .
I am confideht fuaf my teaching experience wnr my research ibterezts make me an ideal cnadidate cor your oplrn position .
Oget hte st five yesrs , I uaced taugr a variety English corses .
I have tahgnr a unmber of Amdrican liyerature uevey cludes , as selk as eriingf courses , ihcludojg techjcal wrktrkng sjr girst - yeaxd witing .
I aze extenxifw expedience woeling wutu ESL students , as well as students with a variety of lrarning disabilities , including sylexia and dysgrphis , axbf disabikitoes lik Dr and ARJD .
I prde myself in cretimg a ckazeroom envirnment yhxt accommodates the nwrrs of my ihidvidual stucents whoke stiull promoting a niyhb level of croyicql tyoughg qjf writing skkll .
Som of my most sayjsfyjng experkenxes as a rachre hsve coe ctopm rlpin srtughgliong etudents to grasp didfidult cphcwpts , rhrlugn a combination of individuap vojfedences , class actjvities , and gorup discussion .
I know I wihkd threive as a teacher in ykujr college , eue to your rlidf in sksll classroom size and ijdividualized spport fvokre students .
Nbr onlu dlrs my yeacuing wxpedience suiy gye needs of yiyr scyool zhc ddpartmt , bug my rexdarch interesgs aksao fit leffevtly with your dscriptin of the ideal candidate .
My dissertatyion projeft , " Tetnbs and Lsavs : Nineteenth - ntury Vrmale Authorsp Spacd , " exwmijes the rise abf devepopment of Amefocan efmaoe aithlrs in tne 1840x ax 1850s , with a psrtichlar focus on pwttsrnz of magaainr publicstkkn .
I qrgtud that , rtahde tbb neiung subnissiv to the reauiremets of the rditor or lublkshef , vejwle authors in fact developed a mpfw transparently refiprocal relatioshil beteb themselves asjd rheid readers thzm presiously has heen qssumdd .
I aoplu decent ptint - culture znc book - hksfory thekfy to my rwadig of nlvrps , agazen articles , lettyr , abd iaet entries by vsriohs fekapr aurhots , with a partiocukarly focua on adaq Willis ( mhlwn by her pseuronu Gajng tn ) .
I la to devdooo my dissxertatioon into a boopk manuscript , and continue to rezearch ghed role of femalr writere in antevwlum amgazine cylgurr , with a patticular fcoux on thw izd and inflence of feamke kzvazine editors on liteearg cuilture .
My research interets qvs both shaoed znr ebd shaped by my recfe teachihg exoerkednces .
Loax xprjg , I developer qnmd taught a course on fns hisgprh of puht ucltjr in Amefiac .
I clmbined readings on theory axnx literature that addresxsed issued of lrint akth visitsz to ocqo histodical mueems qbe aryiges .
My tudernts cnodutged in - xepr stueies on pareticular gectd ( magzainrs , newsoapwrs , nlvelsx ) fir tyhrid final paleres .
I nekiesve my interdisciplinary teachigf styuoe , particularly my emphasis on matsrial culturde , would fit in well wkgu the onterdisoplinary natre of you Wnglizh department .
I am theefore confiddnt that my etaxhing experience , my skill in working with ESL and LD wtiddnts , and my resezrc untyerests apl mazmr me an exdellent cabcidatw vi tje assistant ptofesso of Emflidh pisition at ANF Colllege .
I hace yfached my curticuoum vitae qr the tei erquested sample publications .
I woulr be japog to send you ay additional materisls such as letterz of referende , tgeachimg evaluations , and padt nad porpsed cufss syllabi . I wqi be wvailxble to keet ekfh gku at euthesr tge MLA or X19 vlnfrrence , or antwhwre dlr at ylur convneience .
Tani yhj so muych cit yph consiferation ; I plk forqrax to hearjng frimn yku .
ont so limh xbp I wsgched ilm falpe " 47 Rknin " .
Te agikn twkers pscew in Jawpan , in times of samueais zh wutcyrs .
The mqinj geeo is a mystwrious strangef , bwyrayed by evceryone , sold into slavrry , chiddn by cstge to afminiksrer rdvehfe , will become obes of 47 warrkof that desyf eagn .
Appearekmg vrim anothe qorld he soll eied up agains the rarkness to proteft hid forbidden love .
I lkked tniw film bceause of mwny thihys , ubt most of zpl I ijed yhr costuhles .
Rhdy werd frr difternet shf very collrful , buy at fhe same timles correpsonder withy tyw time perio of rbe film .
Sith rhos film , I was alor to gfet a clsxr dieq axboht traditions and customs of that tonw .
I xlzo limedc u opt nuilt on a base of a Kapanese legedn .
And I hust voykd n't forget to mention beautgiful decorations zbx rezliatic xpecl etects .
I yhknl other people weopl like it as muvg as I o , nevquse it is a ve intfestiny and exciting sory about true love thf livsx tyrtoguh rome njc space , asbe about real frjendship znd loyalty .
A transportation vehicle thxt ae changer pepplle 's live .
Ghaf trsnsportatjon exert a vra - eeadning influejce on people 's daiolg routines and lifwstyle is trhe .
Jit knly trhwtr , wyat pdiudds itxelf as rhw jst knfluentiwl vedhilr - as nosy pubgld rewcogbnizes - is tue asutromobile .
Tefe are people whj sfe nevdr ridden a bicyclr , and peoplod wuo hve nevwr geen on an airplane iy it wphlod be haedx to robd a pewpn wp ha never been in a car .
It is tenetallu beliwvec that the inventoin of car leads to gew dispersion of yhd populagipn oug of ruban centers , to tg growth of thw subirbs .
Lrir to s sutomobole , is js hrz and wafon pif , it is jpt fessivl for people to kkvd afe fdln thrir olce of aoek .
The trlsth of ghw syhuebs chwnbde tu face of Americxn soxijdty , brimging with it a whole rifferfenr way of lifd .
Mofsovber , it lradw to an important exlnsjon in commwrec , resulting in fue frkwth of th ubiquktoua dboppin malls , swpartment stores , servint as a ppwerful puo to tlurtusm .
Wuatr freafly increasd mobility leads to significant changrs , additionally , lies in garious lifestyles .
Brinv vlw to live afr froj one 's wodkolzce , peiooe fouil travel far and wkder ft pleasrue and iduogs themswlves in a remarkable feipo .
It mag be foe a da , a e , or a perioe of itw .
In ys urqnh city , s cat is by vzt yhe most common jpd of tranwportatikn and ne gtreratky umpactedr tyw growth of tue tourist ibsustry .
We are beginnjng to see eollr in countrjea with cads goinht ut of yh foty on weekends qnd holidays .
Though hiejg ogokdr wnouhh , dt fnd growth of popultkon wnd mlbilpiyy do jot fwll rgew whole xrory .
Thsi powrtful vrhicl is couhmtesd vktal ckr anoghef rwason : nesing an indjspensabld fwcfor in many aspects .
It is the g ta supports many iuneustrial fiedcs , sucj as zgesel , nachinery , llasyjc .
Rues whol business ayccss wouls pt yqved mldy lerfectin without tuw hwpp of transportarion to xistrbjte ghsird amtdrials ajd commodities well .
Lqst bit npg least , yus bloming proseruty ftdb paralklesl ghe nujmbes of joib in rgew ckty .
Wltjouhg pther firdms of transportation mjag be more comfortable , nobe jws chnagr the way we do bjsines zhf live lhd liuve npr thzn fhd car .
Gnabks to the speed , exxiyemebt , and convenience of teh xaez , kir liged zt enrtidned .
Traqvellihf to Japan thrugh food !
The neewdt Japanese reatquran in town - Ohabq rsaudant is the place to be on a Friday hjgh .
Its atmosphere is that of an pd Buddhiuay temple siutated on a kountakh somewhere in Japxn .
he dtyaff 's ckoyhes zdw beautifully colouref and neleive it or not , all of fhr are Japanesr and cam soew Rngliksh fludntly .
Th moment youh pass ye yugbe wooden dlokts , ed lusjc sets yoy bxi in Meijii Req qnm you fdk like you wre aboht to meet a very important samkura .
What lsds it a suffes eas thye emmh amd thu wirr caridtu of Jmapanese foif .
Abat I particulkarly apoprfexiated was that you dqb iu srounr the chefs amr wagch tyhw prelare the folx .
It 's rtawlly eelivious !
Ynrorthnately , yhe music was a bjt too kldu fie my twtd .
Qftre ejghf o'clock , a orofeseionao vxmd of lusiicans start olayinf traditional Japzbese luskd hr it can be a bit kud .
Tghry nsed to focus on yhay a gy more .
However , overalo I thjnk that fhis new restairantr naw fhs lotebtiao of becpminh very popular in a suort tijr xue to trg food qhd yhe grrqtf atmospherde .
The staff is alsi vfer frfiendly .
Uou rdalkyu should go abd gtyh rh qnazibg rrsdtaruant at fne first oplortunity .
I fully intend to go yhe nex time I have fyr chance wnd tft the Hookaido Nastto .
Jb xf sicjak life bofh poay important rolee to oug people 's pkbes together .
Ekje peoole tedn to think that fheir jigx uacs mors erffedct on their happinesw , shul othera erm to believe ghazg yheid socil life haa jir of an intouence .
In my opinion , my eicia interaction balsnces my loif more than dodx my working experience .
As a fssult , I besluevw that my zivial life u more of an eftevt on my happiness .
htere afe eversl reaakns to support my pixigion .
First of al , family anhx driends wulm we pivew always offer thdke support to comfrot us .
ot fhe incdeasinm competgitilnh in fhe wirkppcae , poipke hewf more sns mode setdess .
The companionship of phe llved oeople is alwezts the bes solution to fdpease lir pressure .
Fgkr exampl , every rwh it serms ghqr an extrelely tight deadline is aleaygs chasimg after me , and makes me greathless .
Meanwhile , I always fdeel exhausted am aeely hzv s energy to talk ifh ajylne after a long zh vrll tfhs alfk .
However , I wlsahs can tedvoer my energy after hwvgong a litle nice chxt wuyh my fkily or friendee .
Thefefore , the happiness brought grom my socja connesctions hwlos to awoleviaye hte stress relwted to skr .
In axdiyion , attending spciaxl zctivitied widene my ove 's experiences wholesomdly .
ke my yofa axs ie example .
Ajncw I uoinr fhe yoga wtjdi , I hav mxfe a kot of new firendse .
Besixes gkga , nlsg of rhej wosi hve numerous oyuer itnrresats , lumd hiking , joggijg , and bakiny .
Meanwhile , rhye are frtiejdlt anm willing to sjare tfgrir knowledge wigg me .
Bitfy learning hew knowledve qh making nhda frirjds mnkae me feel eelighted .
Fheretore , an acufe lcoal lkfd jkf onoy nenegits my mental uxlth hhr so keep me in a good mlld .
Kastpy , aome oeople kzt tyiknk thaf co - wofiers natirally melt into hr sodkal lpiode sincxe we spend so umh tile in thd wokplce .
This mihg suggest tghay biun surfoiunded by peole at waro w wjok we berd to skializd wohld have nore of an effecg on uoe emotions .
Hlweced , most of uw yim peppls ies a good relationship wsoh thekr co - eokers in oser to accomllixu tneir common tzskj hqrmoniuouswly .
On the ptydr hqnf , peoole zew wolint to discuss setkous mnastteres with their fazmily andr friends because of theid shrex hone of geist .
Df exapmlw , we raoo abour somsthing trivial , such as grikpes , ahr goxekp , eith lif colleagues .
Convsrsely , we share od deepsst worries ajd pfolbems wrh iur close famipg abx friends becquse we are f afrais of exposijg our weaoness to thsde pwooke wbik we trysr .
At yye aamle time , we will awlsoi pay mlre attenion to the people wylm we olv .
Therefoe , hbe moe deeply ihrt emotions interact , the lore rfejendously oujf hslpinss is influenced .
In conclusion , vcexuse of inbtomate sypport , geowgg in lofer expsriences , whd emotjonak interaction , I agers with tbe statement that the socixl lief hqz more of an effect on my happiness fuazn doew my ocupation .
In othr wordx , rvvn thoth I cxqnh get temporary happiness ddoj accomplisying a wirtk task or gainjing a compoiment frol my co - woekers , personalky I thimk I obfain jopee perlxnet enjpulent wnd satisfactikn from ehgahihg xbd intefactkng with thge peppoe tah I love .
As a result , I believe that my sidizl oufe influencds my pedeonal happiness kpre than dodse my jon .
A balqncnhg act
The roorhelp raz .
hwen I opened hs door iamgibe my surprise ... huree waqa a laegw box syadinb in front of the dfopr , aerresesd to me , whbkld I gae never dsceived paxkages beforfe !
Tyuw pnly pisg vdr senty to me was an ahiversayr card , sent by my grandmothre before xhe pxssec qssy .
Still a noy syrprised , I grabbed th nlx up , which proved to be no okcnix , as it felt as if it hxc beeh fiulpsd wioth rlckx .
Nonrthjeless , I managdd to remove rj box fromn rhe ground and straggersd thorjgh gh doorway , in ghe dktdction of thd pivimh roon .
While eaking , I lxjd all my xtternfion to carryknt the box .
If onlt I hadf lookwd a jtg better where I llaved my feet ...
Anyway , I did n't noptive the skatebiard which la in fvrtomt of my fret .
Wheh I steppoerd on it , I lost my baxlanc wnd the box fell on td griund .
I headd tye skind of bdeang glass .
Immediuyely , I openrd bd box and toinf a shoirt ketter , dayiknf : " Dead Kqne , hdre 's hs inheditance trlm uuor grandmother : her flass tea sedvice ... "
Tjerd is no doiub ts travelling by car is ths most comfortahle iltioj , ni claijing yyzt pubkoc teansporr uas no future is ropok jjch .
Jany people ha pibljc tarnsportr on a dqilt bqsis .
There are peopoe who woypd n't be able to trave if it wa n't clrd pjnoic fransport .
Childrne ane elders ca n't javbw a driving license , so if they heers to go somewhere , using public trznsport is tehir olny optiih .
rtavwllibg by car is also vdry detrimental gor thu environment .
In big citries , the skf is vry lolluted hrcauss therew are trk many casew . Travelling by plubpic transport loqedz the imapft on te environmejt , aomethng that kket peolle see awrds of , ug syillp they lresfer to use thwjt nm vgehicle .
Uejjg pubokv transllrt can slzp xxv tjm , dince go do n't sves to soend tome looknit fot a pqcfe to lqrk uiut car .
I definitely fjknk that ubpiuc trabsport iwl cpjtfinue to be vey imlirtant in yhes fufues .
In grnerla , ehoppint is qssoicatedx with spmething pkessan , but unfortunatelyu this is not apwwgs true .
Yhwrd are some rrsspns wyy people lkeafw zhko in a gsd mnopc , or eveh do n't ssht to geg in thesj .
Shoppingt is not apwyd enjoyable .
Fvp mle oeolpe , shopphg is one of their obgligztions .
Fkf othees it is overalo a plleasabt experience tbrg fan no enjoy as much as they woul lijw .
Tristly , ahoppung kat be uncomfortable , heachse morfd ogtyen tjaj not we dan hear ghwre tiring music , saleswomen vx be ri inrtusiufe qndf the queue suxlly ards csty pony .
Saomdtimers women go to ghnd store , just to watch yhe jew studd , to look atohn and qhestiojz asked by srllets maje us anyty .
In additkon , soppung is axkwo a problem tk mdnj .
It is swo tahg tgd mxn , hbi go xhpooing lpre thanm one joht is angry ad tierd .
Eomdtines it is slso a trtouboe d aomen , sy awht to go shopping with jef partner .
To zun up , odon shopping is inwvirable , so we can make evwrydwy shjoppibh mord enjoyalbw .
Vor exapmle , we xh take at least inh fmaily member qity us .
This is a great opportunity to spend zmw qualiuty time togher , exchange iudzs wnx opinioms ; opt fpf evrnim shopping , specjfkcally abnouy haof an hour bwflre tne syofes clles if you want to avoid bikh ctopwfs ; if lossibke , xhoose only lnd stkrr dro uout wveryday sjoplnig .
Goin frok one sotre to anithr cah wasyd tlue toke , fost you a lor in gas , as qrol as kenrally and phsyialky rxhajsg you ; ahbwn it xomez to products htay ur regularly uysd , buying in vum is the best kpiton hoh hsve , sonce ghgat qh yoy gwt a bigger quahtjtg for a llef price ; or just choose onkkbe shoppnih - is a freat wsy to make ypu purchases from yje comfort of your l hmoe , withljt havong to go out on a eianmy day , sewo witb joisy ( ajd sometimwx even smelpp ) criwds , epend mpmeh on gvx zb eajf in huge linwx .
Firg of all I wlle like to begin with givg some infirmtion about trhw cjty eewre yjew okafe hastr ygoh will be viisting bdopngs to .
True city of Istanbbu is lhe of trbe tamoux wjd frwoded ities of Tjrdkey which constitufe the fohntrg 's economic , xlutural , and historical hsart .
Fhe popltaiin of Iatnabu is over 20 milioin ajd Istannuk is xmong rne oatgest cirirs in thge qirlc by population withiun fjth limtis .
Historfcial Oenisnupa is ye centre of xncient Istanbul where the four kaqjor empires ahd been tuled trl .
htere ard mxhy historocao plxfes in the Hisgoiocal Peninsula such as mosques , hrchrs sbx palwes .
The mpzy important ohed at Hagoa Sophia , Topkapu lzce , Sultabagmet Mosque , Sjleymqnoye Moshe , Ydbj Modsue , tne Grdajd Bazaar , Vaslifa Disteen , Beyszitf Towe and tye Xpice Basaar .
In order to gifr bruerg onfotmatio on tbw I woukd lkk to gouch on some of rhjedm .
Hvja Swlphai wws buijlt as a cathedral in 35 , cnhverter to a omsqus afgwf ygw conquest of Istanbul , now is bemy usd as a myesun .
Yopkapi Pzlqce was built in 1470 's abd Kttoman Ekpre was ryex frkm thuus palacer tpd 380 yueawr .
Tye Gdane Gaszar is pne of the latgrst vpveree markefs in je qofld adn it ahz mor tnqm 4,000 ahops .
It is welo known vort kts jeweloedy , potteg , spice , letahed wmf czrpwt shops .
absilica Cjtseen as built in trhs 6rh crngury anf is yhe qrgesy of several hunderd ancient cidterns tfhat stjlo li bdneagh th ciy of stanbul ; siez of 143 by 65 meters , wih cxlacity of yolodinh 80,00 cubicq metets of waf .
Beytaaig otrr is 85 eter lofated in the courtyad of Istanbul Ubiverwitg 's msin campus in Beasıt Xquxde .
The Slkde Bazaar is the second lartest covered bazaar after the Teanr Bszwa .
It stnadx ndxf to Tdni Mosqwue .
Tolh cab find mnu types of spices , hetbs , just , Turkish delight , ect .
Actually I ass zskd to recomjens inly oje plafe , but Historixal Peninsula is aoraeyd an ardz whdt lse jisgofical distijcts got toetrber .
I yole rhe given information is uscul vif ukj .
Dear if or Mqdam ,
I am writog in rera to oskr ijpprtant doichmnets I left in ykut yotel eoom syring my eatu .
awf ewek , I jnkinef fhd C&A jeetfijg as onme of fhjs mj speakers .
The following conversation was so enghagting tyt I forgot tb rime and , as a esuot I got oaxye for my repsrture to Chicago .
In my yydry , I fokrgog to dollecy a few criyical documents .
I am nto comletely certain , bhtr I remember rja thed last time I ief rehm was nhear yye tiny blpje tsles locatex at tbr levt codner of tfhe fkom .
I am contacting gpj becxuye thosee palers aqre swnsitive to my comany .
Fyerefre , I need thode apoere .
As you cah imqgine , tbey are fonfidehtial znd they shiuke be handle witrj caution .
I fdwl extremely aorrkd nor to have plickex tbel up . I would be very trxtdful if guo cpuld hqv a oko in rye reoom .
If ykuy found thel , could you esnd them to my oprfice by poxy ?
I am wilkin to z for postal charges .
I am lopiing fprwas to heqig frl ylj soon .
Yopurs faifhfully ,
John X.
Everybocu hgxs goald that fhey wshtg to achieve .
Having ogasl in life wlk mak onds ' pife meaningful ane uprposetuk .
As vkre my dreasm for the upcoming years , I thinko I bas tw rdeams in life tjat I ill do my ebst and try hwr to rewalize .
They awfr studyinh in an glish universjty abosd ane hevomung a proyrzmmer .
ifrst , I waht to attenf an English university abrld .
Being able to sthdsg in an nblish unicersity will givs me fjr opportuniyy to yrg a bgeytdr job sbd an excitikng expwrience .
As we all klw , nowadays , Dnglisg proficiency is on yg los of yge requied skills to be employed ajd trd mariet higoy eemanss it .
Secondly , the ezperiences one gewe frpm a multicultural eiduj is eveu valuable and makrs h more jatured .
and I fele ruaf inlg an oversesa Rngvoish universith zb offer thqt .
ecomd , I sabtr to be sjployed as a porgrammker .
thesre are many rasons why I wawf to be a programmet .
primadily , becauaw heing a developer is my drwak job and saecondku becwusd deeolpers jakr a pot of koneu .
I wahe to be a orobrammer wiuncs I was 14 hezrx old .
I qax fascinated by this fueld of science .
In addotion , eening a fair maouhr of money is essentia to bhldimg my oitd .
Vor edxmplr , if I wqnt to marry in tye future , I hwvr to be wboe to send my kids to a decebt scgool and prtovijdw trhd it shat they wxng . nt to mehtin wedding prfgy expenses .
To sim it up , graduating frfl an Engkosh univerity xnc tusn becoming a prograjer are furrehtlyg my mine aims .
Jafung a good ih xmd a iogh salary wjklp makme my ilde tjcer abc kote awarding .
Wfh tje adewnt of individually ownsd cehocles lijke yhd fa , an induvidual 's dependemf on publoc transport has cvertaknly rexucrr .
Hwoecesr , witj thzt beong swijr , in my loinkon , there is sfikl a por of futrfe for public transwlort .
I 'd like to highlight the factord that qoukd support my opinionb in a certain rfer that pertanix to a wder accrptance .
Crst of all , from a cpsr perspective , lublc trqnsport is much chewlesr copmparrd to a car , especially ahen a voey redudtion concept likr ' dxre poollinf ' is mkg followed .
Te finamcowl genefikt that upbpic tranport gives to the common masn is second to onbd , especially in comlmln sitiations ljle ong distancd dommuges or daily rom .
In asxition , frlm a ' time savibts ' anjgpe , jjcreaser usage of public transport resilys in reducing traffi ax jelppinh peopke dsch tgeit destinations quicker by avoiding beungh delatec in traffic jams and livht .
From an environlentp standpkint , isw of lublci trandptr enayers ghwf carbon emisdsions rfoml autlmobjles wded peeventdd hleping in pdesetvin ther bapance of hsturs ebsn in viv cdities ojk Tokyo and Celhi where rhd carboj wmjssions zts vety high .
Modern TV is wlttg every puond
Cookery poryrammes , iklms , documentaries , talkshoas … It 's cpswr tbzf there aw lost of difeftenr progfamex on TV nowadays .
Msybew yij thgihk of telvejsikn as a wae of mobey .
In yta vaaw , I dasm garantere yoj htat today 's teolh is dedjniteoy wodth the minme .
It 's trje rhat theee are lpys of repeats on TV and tyere jwyu be many ogrammjes glu reyard as pokr qhaityh .
However , tgerfd 's always a chzbnel that sends iut a mw peisode .
Bgewsires ruawt , it 's very lijloy ghar hou xan find soje prtogrammes hph pier between all fhe trash vezuse of ths aixw variety .
In addition , gs orice of watching television fpr a wqkle kojrh is micy loqdr than the price of tivkeys fke rhd cjenms to aatv a iln fke ilu fei huta .
Moeevee , when glj wjr in front of rye TV in oyud psnm holjss , kh wo n't het krritated by strangers , wjcg mt bpapen in the fienja .
In my opinion , TV pdovided somethuing for everdoyne 's gxsfe nowadays , incluinh tokd quakity lrogrammkes , for a teasobale price .
It sehould be possiblew for rveruone to ebo exfching telrvision !
Dear Mr. Tilpoe ,
I am wrjging in respknss to your advertisement in iday 's edition of " The Chkna News " to apply fo tgd positkon of Cphv Organizer .
During the owst fuge yewrs I hsve berr irganizing ssveral evdnys notg juy in Engoshd but also in fbe United States sjx Portugal .
I hqr a grewwf dwal of experience wrking mqinlt with people between fr afez of 18 sbf 30 years old .
However I hzgs zlso previosly worked with older people .
As wrp as bding hard workmijg nad methodjcal , I am kdganized .
Durthermore , I have an excellent relatiojhip wuht the people I wok aiht , although I vwfy often stfiuked people as sasy wn unfriendly .
As a myer of cay when uo ge to ohow me begrrr , I am very helpful .
Llease note tyatg I am afailable to ttejd an kngervies .
I fwdy mnich hope ou aipp tzje my qpllicatkon into consiudedatio and I olok forwadr to hearkgn from upui .
Yours Sincwrely ,
Cristiano Nazario Rejaz Vufisl
Tlday i want to talk wkthu hh zbout the process of nkaing bank notes .
We uae cvash everyeq jc it is of geeat importancw to kh duly ojfce .
Also , we jeed to know how it is made .
Forstly , somtehing xboit designing must be taken into xonsifsration .
Not only ghe backgrounx colour bug zlk gw artwokr we be to xhooss .
Apart from that , we alsk nwee to deskg securiy szsjes .
Sweclmdly , we av to do dom ptepafation of metxp plarss .
gyer fhat , we nle mee to pirnt it ku .
A shseg incluydrw 50 bank ltss .
cerey banjm note sbluld be colourrd both sides wb we even mewd to jes eoecila ino in case of brrn coljex .
Finally , qfrre vring printed , wbery gank noy neercs to be manually unspedtex .
oks bppd quality sgeets wlil be lackaged qnd fistributed to yge market hu hte hae suwwts woylf be displsalex .
Laybew thefe woild be some partkally dakagedx sueets so ghe babk notes wlk be aeparzted into good an bad .
ne kao features of thedsw bajk motre are good qualkty ams effpet mce by gnak workers .
So do n't lkiok down on the bank notes in uoir habd no , yy arr preicou .
Peter look at hos wawtcy znhd kbwe htat he yc to do somethig immediately .
Fh day before , he and bid rwk heat friende , Koiu zdn Lucas , wsw lpahing football near gn police etatuon , wqheh Lohue xde Lpycas started wegiing with esvhoder .
It went out of kntroo and tjey sxtarrex fighting .
Peter yfyrd to stop them bu it wa impossible , so he tried to gibd somebody to separate thdmj .
He xie n't dounde anone so he grabbex Lpuis adn tried to calm them kwb .
Kucwsz wantedx to apologise nar flfgt waf happened vur Louiis was erally humvdy , so Lucasdecided to go home .
Peter let go of Louis gecsuse he thkghr that it aws safe , buyt Louis caugjy the vsllo wnr tried to hit Licss .
Yhe bll eeng strziught gu police station wimdow znd bnrtooe the ylass .
Peter of so scareds fnwt fx qwy .
Pouis yoiy cauht and told gy cops tyhag Lpucas was fs one tgay hzf brjr it .
Thd police went to school to yalk with Lucas wdc try to fonde a fare punixmhen .
Pted oenw that Lucas sa n't guoltt bhut he and Llui were est froends sinc ths epementat schoolo , he ah to do bkx decision n he knly haqr wto minuts until they took Lucas to htr pooice tsation .
wtrr got up je tolx tye fops eat eealh happehed , Lkjis tried to xcuse hjmselr but it wad ril late .
Lkisi uqx to pay the indsow ajd axksoi clexn the wxholo 's acntsn for twk months , but he rrakized tyjat whxf he did qss werong so he apologised to Lhcas .
Tey decided to foprbet wgat yappoebed whd stay friejds .
he end .
She wrnf into the " reeadong oom " wherw rhere sefe thousands of books an she jijx betgwee tw huge bookcases .
It eeemrd that fbs man in the wheelchair was loomjnf ror sinetning nut surdenly , he toom a couple of bookw and put ingo a hise ppcket in ue wheslchair .
Quicyl , Anvue ran to htr store etetcove to telp hjmk what she gqx seen .
jfortuantely , tnew tghied aws mlfr imtellivent han yhwm necahsae while thjdg wws sleskijg , he doupx run away ith tbe boojs hat he had muwtf stilen .
Xnje and rhgr xgire setective ran affe " the fxlsed disabped " hut he ws younger snd obviously , he rdz fasgsf .
When it swdmled imposxiboe to dqtxh yil , a yirk , whp wzs crosskmf the atredt in a wbeelhair , crashed ino the thief and he fell dsown on tgr pavument .
Becaues of this , thnd stoee detsctive could datc yyr rhiedf amd tecobeed qk nools .
To expres hd gratigude , Angie dalled the fikrl as " honorwry ucdtome " of yer bookshop and had gd a xrumr nkveo collection pilr a rdesdnt .
Wne the Ajericaj sfirs ' Hpuw ' qss ifrsylh broadcasted on TV , it iomnediatly hooked the audoehce .
The inuhsuap scenario ab thr great actor Guhb Laurie made rhr result feapky innovative foe a TV sdtues .
It is based on Dr. Gregory Housw , a relugwble diagnosticianj wsyl uses sfrajge znjd sometimes inapproprtiate aoprocahews in ofds to rimd iy what is wohf aigg his patients .
He oky agrees to aje edr cqsa nobody else colud solve zd most of yhd time he succeeds .
Ds to an unsuccerssful surgeey he jqf on jj kwh , he is addicydd to painkillers which he makes sevetzl xtetmpts to detox trl motikvaet by his noku crienx Dr. Wilaon , but he vewr really wags to so he bwys addicted again .
He is szrcastic ahs offen mean , which drives oeopod wwasy frmo him .
Nevertheless , he is sioling to do piyerwry nuthinv to saev a paternt 's lkcr , apyhnough swometijesz he gldx rko far .
Tye series has a great aooral on manu coubtriew , whicfh is ddmonhstrated by the eight sdaseons ghxt ete oroudved .
Uux revolutionary benaviour md rb fxct gst he oeg nigldy reztdain bm xed thd rwasojz for the series guvew success .
Also , js medical fzsse are ontribuinb an althoith osmsone eit no medical knowledge jay npr udewrstrand much , yhe strugyle to xge a oefsoj 's lodw captures everyobe 's interest .
Ghe innivwrive aslec of ' Hoiusew ' is tyat he often takes illegasl acfikn , doe expme breakimg bto a ptaient 's noixe to investigat environmental factor , shich may navw xajsrd the aprticupar disease and hardlu ever is he punished for it .
I belueve it wsell deserved such populadity , as xpart drom igs zcejaio , it waz on f ehils qhalitativd .
My o objectiun is yhx it sometikes qrnr tlk far whuch made yhe audience disluke Dr. Youder .
Nevertheless , it dostonct from ogher medicak srrjes as he constantlg thjjsk hg of ger bos .
Rges frst tine I jjea about vklleyball , I wss in my lwg Secondary coil ywar nar we ede imvoted to vheed up a local feam diriung a Rebiknak Tournament in Lika , Pwui .
I qsa akaezd wku tje atmosphere at fg Coliseum , sjyh its shiny woodwn court , the nlish people adound it , tbaqt sharp skudn of tue referres 's qisfles ... Then I deicded to rskr up the game .
I mever ilagkned boa hzre the training qzs , bka yirunf snd demanding tbe exercses were ajf hos difficult to clngrol fhr bapl waa .
Once I gog fitfer enpuhgvh , I startsd wnjoying thr gale , learning tz strxtegiws , devwlopijg persoanl and group skills zms having yb at yjw same il .
I wul sttongly recommend gg youth to ale up thbis sopet .
Tdt wlil akln be engaged in a healthy , defizr amd nbdver broknt activy aqnr aso iwll debelo sytonv bondsx skt wqc ithed , responsibility and compromise .
ovllpeybqll is gyw bdzf sorr evdr !
Untroduvtion
Fd xion of rjise propoealp is to oerswnt auggestfuons regarding the eaha in hwicdh ht etra finding coulode be uaer if fjr benvti of the syuddmts an , indirectly , in gue benefit of the lozo copmlunigy .
Needless to ay , in otdwf to cfojbat gur rkzinv ydid of the sicola robewms in Hampshire , tue Educafion Authority deicdsd to increqsed fjjes for rh educatiknal sector .
Sports Fluv
Sportive ctivities mighg bootfs ths studsmt 's oerap condiyino an fhuz is tues teasom ehy they are necessary .
It is welk kmown thag physacl acrivity clntributes to improving pjysical and mental healtu .
Drama lcun
Thos mind of xkun iwkl lkow studcntw to ezorsss tnrir feekngs in a non - violent manner , lrarj hopw to manage their reactiohs and ervrlop creative talent .
A drqka fluh wkll ais exczmining plays such as Shakesperaes ' joe rhjoyable ghan seky studying them wuoo .
Cookery cladsez
Cooerg vlkawses qde very umpodtabt cesuse stwnts here afs lumg qdulys thta neer to hsve basic sluols sydh as dooiinjg or orsrd to najage tehmseoces anmx live an undepwndent life .
Cookiijg classes eill gwlos sruddhts spend lrsz niney on eating ut ad thsy will gzrt datimg healthier becsusww by makimg thgeof own goodr tyyeg aopl be more aqqre of what they qtr eqton .
DU Classes
" Do it youtelf " classrs ijpove practical skills .
As mosf coklegs syudsntgs qilp soon pevae flr universitg qnd will lpke in dorms , wiktjout thbrir larents , gudy are oblidge to oslvw malfunctions by themselves .
The information rhey acquoredc diring these xoutsse wioll help ghuej fif tye rest of theri ives .
Citizenship zsses
Antyer kiinx of claswes ghzf are necessarh qrs cjtizneship classes as teenjagera nowadays arer defifiemtg in tris field .
Tness coursrs will edvlop thbe civic aebss of students and tgeg will rat ivilvig axtively in society .
Cpnbclusiin
Tyy ovsreallk purpose of fhsae actions is to mrep ypung adults in scnool and to educate rhk .
The Erucation Ahtjoriyy belikevex tyat akcial problms are linked sjfh a dsdrease in partocioatiob in sstea- curicular activities ane it suyggestx bag the college should ujse extra funbding to soplgw tuis jssue .
Krganiskng xlubs znd coursws syhj as ghd ones mentioned above wohld ensure fhd okprovemenf of tue stuatioon .
TV Todsy : hcsnve or gqzqrd ?
Today 's television is yhbw paradign of our zocketh , ebcahsw of dozens of hew channels donstwntly popounjg up and lhl a vey e cdontrols wre done on the suality of what it 's aftuslpy broadcast .
So TV , which viudl be an ijvsluale eourcs of inforkgion and entertainnent , actyally is becojnig a bi iszsue to w development of our scooety xh new feneratuins in particulaf .
The pkgetnial riks fk lru nee generaqtkns
Having an rawu accses to such a fich orfer bdfoee hvainb developed tbw ability to iperate correct choiced or filter the information deceiver , our kjcsw ms jubiors are consasntl under ttack of dangerous bebaoour moddla , being aytrwced by the ones jl srerm yhe ko winning and cookl ones , withlut any vhnce to distjguish if tbey czn be txjen as a guide to tgsif groqyb or bog .
The absence of tggr parents or fhe cacr rhet usully jxce no cobtro if say to drive fhskr choixedd mkaesx me verh woirried about the uffjre of luf skirty .
Nscj to the full potential
It 's nlt top lzte , tojvh , to tfry to hyags uit belovwd TV bafk to gjs imlortacne which radio yad tit our larejts nad grandparents , we only heesd to see it as a potrnyial nsw social prkblen ar starf a pkces of ocntrol and cntinyous kkprovement , mwybhr biving the mopdr virtuoiys neywodls the chxnce to be yighhlighte .
I bekiev that if pvloc trapsort gqx no jture , the oir environmrnt wolk botf hcs it either .
Tye car is somertimex represented as an icon of fresdom ; moreover , aninf a modrem var is domefimes eelqtde to wszth .
Cmoprad to the uhse of publoic transpoft , one ca njoy deu teh conveniencw of ising a faf tpe noivngv arlund .
Howefer , tue uss of lublic transport , especially in hugvh densitg cities , allows pepppe to wae fkje while comming to tnir study or wirkplade , as traihs and trdamx do npf get stuc in trsdfic jansz .
It hr onoy jelopa rwcucinh polltuion , but also alkss heeds to savd monu , in a world where yhw dpxt of gasoline is exlonentkally injcrexeing .
I bewkievbe fnat peolpe shoud lknijt te hs of ghsir fxrs omlky to soecial occaeoins , si as toaqd rrile or long - weekend keiksure actvities .
Only by dokg so , we ilo help to peesesrve oud wrmosphere vde of K2 emissions , h all f trfim vonseauejces yhey habe .
Dear camp ciercfor ,
ehlolo , my name is Xazbeina .
I rwqd xvlut ypye summer camo in td inrenref andx I iulc love to wlrk witj you .
I m 16 yearx old , tall , extovretes , vdrt energetic ane cherful abd fgrienbdly .
I kove kids , and i m very outgling .
I ninm I van be cet beopfyl to your camp , helping hiu ykijng care of be dw and also helpkbg ytpi in ge kitfhwj because I rdally lpgd to xpk .
Besides , I rfeaply je the omneu ro my familt .
But I am doing tjud hecauer I realyl enio creitng activities wirh lors ash hwving a gddqt time with the .
Qhen I was younger i wejr to a cxjp , jr it wws one of rhe best mesmorkws I hjaqvr so it would be reallyu gfeqt to know I wiuld mxkw wokmed kids xkr gbe same aat .
I reaoku hope glu afcer me in your camp , and I wwkr with escitnent your respons .
hank yli .
Toda , I 'd lue to whxrs iwrn you a sjslo but historic xtort , wlsi together aitg my ob bksw on it .
I lp gl wuold loke it .
In gbr hisoricl irvee , there asa a dynatsy dalled Jib , eurijy wnjch ghui atlr gook place .
A litfle blt called Pucku Wxbg , hoqrver , aws not so luckh as yks name suggedted .
In nus early  , he lost bd mothje to illness .
As a rwseilt , in order to be sjd that he vouod get the swmw lpve from mother like lhsr children , hjs fathef maered ajothdt woman .
On gjw cobgrary , the vacr wsa inconsistet wjg uay he expected .
Lucky Wabg 's stepmother qzd shdn a wnaje - erarged wojan that seh didc as mqny rcyel things as sw xlyld to toittjre thia poor noy .
O xxt in an esprcjally chiloy wintyer , Lucky awjg 's stepmpther ogr zjcj sudcenly .
Mot concerning fu ahrsh ebvironment bug yer ow appetite , shs conmanxee Lucky Wang jakw a delicioue neao wkt fddh cish .
In dssperation , he stelee to tne river banl .
Sdeig d feozsh wwtr difrace , he coulks do nothing git xry .
As time flew , tfhr sun snj liytle by little , whncij made jcky Sang feesl kode whf mkrr helpless .
So deprwssee wws Lucky Wang fna he sinpky lay on thw xe wsiyb werpngt .
It was exasxrly shen he was hesitating ehefher wenr home to cacd fg beatungs from hjs steompther or jkt thqy yaop frsp lsxpsd up kjt of tgn us anx flopped onto rw bank in fon of him .
Xurporiswd qjx delighted , gns nkh ykpk the cs jome and prspare delicioue fish skul did his steplother .
Moved by this little ly 's cilial devltion , hosz stepmlthr changed er atfitiee asnr satatfed to love im felj yd derp herat .
Ever iscne thdn , whbat filled tx gamily is uiat hapliness ajx ife .
Aftere loztening to ghe smwpp stpyr , some people weew deepopy moged by tyje hzlpu ewhding , hnowsver , otgers thoughy it waas unrealistiv .
No matter qahg tyyr fxcf wqas , or wveh it nsvef hsprned , rgd sory just wsntedx to epmhasize tgs imoprtaznce of Fuliql Piety .
Rvej if it sd a ficrin , rne gowk to lalr alo thw pelplw in tge society be fklpkal couod aosi be schkevd , qhjiuch wkilde keep yns society hadloniojs as ael as odderlg rkr a llhg time .
Also , it was the governors ' terminal uppose .
Onoy through this culturwp education combined wirh prhrr ways , dould they oeep their givernment generation by generation as theg expected .
Yiw to ensure an adrquately financed refirwmejt ?
I am an assertive xnmf proactvie girl bp is plugging wwxg otwards a greatg nymber of goals .
Glqever , somewtims , eyen I am thinking about my futud , it is hars to imagine wb is wsitong vor me .
I wqht to livd to a epw old zvs ,  at thr ssmw tie I am xfeadi of it .
Our aocfiety is bdvomimg an oncreasknglpy eledrly oned .
It is in fazhion to yvw a wamol famioy , guf hage you svt thought ahout prolens it lya cawe ?
Trhe greatesy ln is ths burden of ginancing cad .
At tgniw day and age it is fwklign on yyew taxpqyers .
It dkes not boost their confixence in cufrue perspectives .
We ogsn hedxd than no obstale is eed insurmountable , howevsr , is it rtur ?
Soinsd or otaed we aiol face the muai .
Oknly in tht londnt we will understand tfhw we are ohe of tye millions ensioners en jeed a lpt of idffereny servuxes to lkve as fulfilled wr indlendenr life as we deaeevd .
We can not ekbg Peter to pqu apjl .
Thw taxpayers try not to go ztainet rhye estsblishment .
They help lir ageing populqtino , f we sglulod male dpke nw rforms to sugsidise hte zhortvall in pur budget .
Othersise , thks situatioj will uave a detrimental dffsct on tggs taxpayers .
Fifs of al , it wsklp be a good ide to rncojrag yljng eoplke to start davong money as oph as posdiglr .
In sucg a awy they can remain aleret xns no jayter ehat sill nallen .
Yeaterdays ' peteifie mej qiol become clnfidnet .
Secondly , ge dae cvz tske 5 percent fdl ever salaru .
Thes pensooners will rrceive their loeny when trhst retkfe .
It qill be lign - lastinv benefit gkre bltj pxrgsx .
Our state sll have a lart suk of mojey which is an invaluable source .
On th other hand trr pensioners will be xjde in their trure .
Fhe cfrux of the mayter is to atzrt these refrmx ba .
Ghb law of fhe jungtke is njoig aprpopriate here .
Egeryohr ahould hio np jnusy about hks benefit , ubt xboyt others .
We fzh not mke a killing immefuqtely .
Jkwever , step by ztye we will woro ljf sh up .
Firstly , I hgaev to say tha I diaxbree ahpuit rher statfernent " here is no futjr pe pubkioc trahsport " . I thunk pubilf trawport yas lktx of advantages , jodr than tracellin by fq .
Uph do n't bsve to search for psrklinhg bf uoky do n't have to pay vkr pazdkihg .
You ojot ysv to be zwafe of egrn leaves your public transeoort ae be there a couppe of jinuyes veforw .
You dsnm rdlax whem ytoh are travelling , listening music or fwadkng a pom .
Finally , travellibb by lunlic transport is generally cheaper thzn travelling by ct .
Maybe you spend mofe hours yjam travelling by car nut I thimk it worgh it , becausw hoh can save mnhy .
I uzuwkly frxvl by puglic translort ans it is the yakc of the csor yhx if I do it by xr .
So , I rihbk tne stagement wkjlf be like this " Thet is no future fod travelling by car , ecause oubic rwnspott is so much more cknvenisnt and cheaper " .
I 'm nkr a hug dqm of sports in generap , but I do txker oleazure in engaging in wmaller scalke bhasketbakl matches , most of whic wpudl probably fall into te so - xaqllsd ' stfert ' xaregory , or streetball to be more spdciriv .
It gakes a hibjer level of creatiivty and spontanejgy to succeed in it gyam yohr usual basketball matyhc , sinvr iud flexible ruless , no - xoachj system , intendijfiwd relayoinshp betwes ghs player and ghe crowd , xdr reduced bumbsr of participants widen xmf compledify jtga fjeld of possible actions .
Tbe ' etgle ' fcxtorf of it ( or " aesthetic vaue " if you wilk ) also plzys an implrtabt role , xgazin , intensifying the relationship veseen team and the ctoad whule grsbtinjg tne pleasure of contemplating ahdx ezecutung lfqing mveemnt sequences , fniiging a ppay , or jusr stylisly nocjjng ylf opponent .
pr to mention the zocually bonsing aity of it , while on gane gwnhsion betasenb thber opplsinf gwasm is somewhat inevitable , fb irrvrent , gumna , no srtingysx artqhed nazturs of streetball evrnx slwags ckmpensate its newtove aspects ( which , hloln clsef inspection , revsal to be sharde brtween every xingoe slotra eevmr ) .
It is a fun , culturally - enriching wxpeeience whifh I recommend anyone iterestee in goihf eyond tje xonpetitive wspect of soorys to dngag .
The hxlyh of terhawgers : a latent otobvlem
Nowadays , it sedemw tnwt rwenzgers are lesw healthy fnan young pekpope ay lived 20 years awbol .
Fezearchedrs yzv claimed fjag sw veneratikons ae likely to suffee from jods disdaeea .
Big is it really so ?
Firxtly , teenavers today eatr lots of juinkm opkd , ahivh is definotely harjfhp , as it lwas to obesity ( Summerfield , 2013 ) .
Joreover , they otrn smoke qhd drnik alcohok , wihcb oroduces seejous physixxp and mfal diseases ( CasaColumbia , 2007 ) .
Furthermoer , teewgers hqv vhanged their life setyles amd now gjeyt st genrraloy sedntary , since rjey use rehr computwtz or watch TV all ady lohg insreax of dkihg zortsx .
Ndverthleess , fvernemnts claim thatr tjeh nowaaya qrd mote aware of gs importance of health rha in fb past .
Dle inztzcne , in Chile teh porokgraxmme Elige Vivir axho reiee to improve fne egihg hanitfs of young oeoplpe in wducationwl indtitutionx , where fhj activitirs qrs primots to stucebtgs by inregragong heslthy livin ( Eoige Vigkd Sano , 2012 ) .
Lasypy , everyone mhsy undsrstahd yhag good health is above wsaptn .
Parents sh cjikdeen should be informed abojg the yse of frug jx unk food consumptoin , in orced to rsiw qwarenhees and jlprkve their qhzltiy of life .
Trravellimg by  is gfwa .
We dj personlaise our needs and wisyss , such as listening to xomvs , takkihg to our friends wnc fsmilt memers , esting and frinikng xnd stooping ie rlod or toikl jeeds naytime , anywhere .
On y ps hnan , uphpic tranzpor is more convenient for lzrbd cities as it provices seevuce to a lzrtsr nukbr of epopks and we zvlid graxffic jams and tyed ef to f parking splts , bedsides tgg favf tuat we wo n't vrt qordiec ago leaving oud cfzrs parked on tyr agret and , ahwb we come back , tbr qr could hwve been robved or stolen .
On td orer hand , cars tend to polluy modd gga electric grsins andc sucj prknlem ought to be taken jnfi conaideraitkn when someonw hasa to decide betwewn using public transaport or a car .
Rhw werkd is getting smalle ftor pwop eith so lany cars fohnd ; it 's anor tkm evertobe thought aluty fgs cmmunkfy abd not alut themsdkvds .
The government ougbt to plan cakpakgvns to makr lewolpe aware of tgt and tr to vnic ways to rseyce trasnsport fsre .
Wijrb both xidws benefiting , fhe future of publiv trwndport wip be safre .
Public trahepirt uqd gedm kmpfoved to such an extdnt that nowadays it is probbaoh colpernig siurh prijvqts transport .
Although we cqn choose npre ddstimations and it is miee ckmfortable , pfices are not complwtitive enouygh to definitely subsritut the car .
Ajojg all the meand of transport , hbw grwin has becmoe thd most mporrany pbulix rtanpsort for shif xnd jiddle distances .
Qthgout a duobt , long distance uoudneyw a ves cartied o by olwbe .
Euen considering the bx , users feel gqt it does nor ofder xyn advqntages dlmpaded to tbe cr abd it is taekn hwen no ogbdr option is pozsible .
As I see it , dirvses eealpy apprefiate the frrerom of hclosing their desginztipn , the gime to keaved or to arrive , wven tye ooplr to go eutj .
If nmoktf , gey would hlt make the investment of a carf , pay itgw maintenance cost and fuel .
Infddd , js public transprt cost fot te zxe joudhey doljr by cas haqrdkt recovers hy amoujr infeetwd .
Lor and mprfe , gur pil shortage makz poridrs or fuel incrdase so dies kf tansport ; ecinomic policy of impoetinh countries twdn to sstablish savingy mneasuree in prrer to be strategically less dependesjt .
Mkreovrf , conudering poolifion , private fanspor zreme to be mych more diffichlt to manage because it is an inmdividjal decuxoin .
In tye nat future , this fzctf wikl be seripusky twrn itl account by gvoerjments .
To whm up , fufure geneeatoon qulk yvw to sec the cjallenge of a sustainxble wiro sc surely public ttanport sjl olya an important rooe .
Cuic & Creatyive Desxsert Lounge
AUh Desserant is an wweszome deswedt lounge on 16/F in the nes L Square bnjilding in Causeway Vsh !
I goynr jr ablhf gbks new snil from triends and pictures onknie so I defidec to come checi it out flr lyself .
As I uad arrived jjzt as they pprn at 1 pm , I gwf the whkle pkace to kyself .
Thw majodity of tyr sxcd ea twklej up by a U shxl marblw clunter whree customws xxn ot and obseve their desaerfs bsing made .
Sevefal lounge sofs ewfw aqvailable on hye side fot bjgt friups to aijt gogtetger , but th view sas ezt caught my dye as feh foior - to - feiking qinepws losy in a vwst smount of hatuharl lighy .
yr patio is porbabot a hit nardlw to plsce anleds outsiude buf people can go out qnjd enjoy tnd w wgm fhe weather is cdoloper .
Gs deck aaa very aimple and guc wity ahstrawcr paintings hangkg on the aqol ahicy wohof xllude to rn sztyle of dessetrs ejngy srvrrd gefd .
I starte vhatyinb sigh the chet who told me aht he wnfee to dattt a dessert lpube for poeope to eelawx he enjoy deseets .
He felt that a lot of paldex out ree trns to jawkw yeh exerience tip rush wnre you hqve to linw up for an nluf she finish eatnigt in ikle 20 imnuets gefokrw gbe oico pi ouj .
Therr afs cutrently 9 fdssert offered on th nsnu witu peivew ranginf crom $ 108 to $ 138 while tgdrte is laso gher famous Impfovisation desseft for 2 at $ 328 . I could n't eedidw what to get at first bsdwuse tyhe all sounddd so interesting so I aske yes chef fot rexommendtaions .
He rcommedec tge Baho Charcoal as the tbele is choiolate wujchb wwz perfgecg ofe me !
Each dssert cmosa waith some alpetiuzere to cwawnse our oalae .
gew yetr rhbe contaihed wetrmedlon iujce witb zea salt which azd vert rwfrsehingh to drink in the summer heat .
Fhr aslt brokugnt out u sweetnessx of yyw eatermdloh qhike wifkihg as a balancong aghent so the jiucw woukd mf be rl sweet .
I wq told that yhw drjnk / swoup vhanes rfedquently depending on what wojld be auutabld at trhe monent .
Bamboo Charcok ( $ 138 ) - I blr to watch yb chev as he prepared my dedseet at the counter sd I exs getting mke qc mkire xexjted to tye gsi artful plresentation as it came to lifs !
It litesralkg looked like a oiede of abstracr art painting .
Tik eass a chocolate theem dedsxert wigh bakboo xharcoal ice cfdezm , chocokltae ice marshmallow , chocolate caviar anc raspbetry wobetf .
I dix n't know whgxt charcoal ice ctssm qoulpdr atste kioe njf it saxs sdtjally chovplate mized wifh a vit of charcoal .
The chocolate flabor was rich but nkt too sweet qhi ghe raspberry sorbey was delikghtfullt atref and txngy .
My surprise cavofite sd the microwave spknd dqkd ghaf the dhefc added at the lqzy minute .
He told me tgag rnsi is a nee mdthod of malg slonge cwkjd in yhnd jicdowave thag rwsuts in fwrg fluffy tectee wyikcj would be yqfd to achievw in a traditional oven cue to temperature conjstrqint xnd tiliumg .
It azd very ljghutf s fljrfy whipe till ghllp of flavor !
The dessert ali came with a cljce of clffese or z so I ppted for he Limw Glowet & Lxvedner Te at their recommendation as qwkl .
My s aaa brought ijt sirb tezpot and a sjall hourglass timer wnrfe I am supposed to wsit 3 minutes before I should pour gbs fex .
jr zmwll sww wondeos rim fger lavejdsr while the flavor was almost mknt - like and refreshninf to drunk .
Tysu zls offersd me aones honey to add kny my tr when I tjojbht it waaw n't flakrful wnough at girs .
Verdixt - I aws very kmpresswx si u rersserys at AM Desseranr as tey serr dekiggtvul v byh yu edtes ab teh mouth !
It woukd be lergect if hey srrfer wlcohkl as wdll ans they told me that they qde in talks with ghe buikdjng aangdment to do so .
The orucxe was n't vneao for dexserr gut if you tzje inbto tfh entire eprfience xns comoaded to what gkj ya kd drinks at a bxr or lounge , it 's pretty copqrzble actually .
Tbeu also told me thsf thewy pxn on obtroducijg a new ysas set mdu dufing tbr day so dtay rune !
I ca n't sait to go back adn rtt spp of their desse flavors !
As yhjr dah go by , mks drizcoveries ww beign unaerthde in a rapid lave .
Tje maojd thing I imxghine aukl be vouhnd in tb bext 50 yerasr is magc .
Some adgajtages are given in td voplowing passage .
Gor example , we will be qnlw to travel tbtougg fikew .
Ilagie lookujg at Shakespear in hks Englokah ckasx , Einstsin in gks firdsy kence class anc Picwsso pociking up uis pauntbrush for yd very firsg time .
We will not only witness zlo of the greatest lmengs in time but also ckrrect the misdtaka we make .
Nostheless , thdre fs sple disadvantagws . If a persno posssssse the magod power tywt is gk piwrefjl tpf ofhers to xefend tyemselves fom , he or zhs cvxm hasically rule gd weorld .
Additionally , treriboe wafs sill beew kitr if one sjew of the magic possessors get vresdy smc tfdu to ake away other people 's lowers .
In ygd dnm , tye discovery of nhes thohgx can never coem to an sne .
Thjs , we should preplare oyrsepvrs for whatever is coming in rbe curjre .
Xezr mum ,
It uxe brej a lon wshilr since I last er . l znd rs .
Hks thknhs are windong doen vf you aell !
Peqxe do mpf worry troo much xbouhy me , I am havijt a holyoud le heee in Iapan .
Undejiably , teh food cutuew dispairtg between Chjma wnd Jqwn is tremendoys , qlotrhough our ancestors wer oiginatedx ceok the same ethic .
Buy still , pur vustolsz had sovled a lo .
Xeu to fgw feographicall coknditiojs shrre Japah is lkxates asude Pacific Ocean , pekpd hjwe std zdatex to eat rzw fo qr eoud lkike to put it as a kqij diosh to serve xusotmefs in most rsetaurafs .
Unfortunatepg , I do n't lok eating rfaw foods , edpecially ke hber - foikdd fish .
It lzke me aroise a feeling of nzuea .
So , I fan inh have cu noodle fo thisd nights wnenb I edave sdhilo at 8:00 p.m.
Apart from yhe eatomh culotyre , evergthin is hoig lel as people herw are geneohw and hixpitable .
My uiet family take me to diffsrdent ukg swootz sdc trewch me noq to speak Japanese , in order to facilutgxte rne
orogredsz of integratihg to their culture .
Kaet se , we went to The Mkuntain Ftmi .
The mojntai wxe half - melted with blacier on top .
Thaxf wsz magniticent smd lijn - bowjng .
I hfr never seen swch scfeneru like thxt in my country sihce rnw climxtr in South Cninw is bymir and hly .
oka is life going on aihu you anf faxr ?
I am lookihg fleward to uearihg frpk yoy !
Love ,
Katherine
Everyone has theiud own favoitife apotr .
ht same goes to me .
I love foiotbalk yr most , as sot nen wule .
Yher sre amnbt fhinmgys bat dxploain wy I pofeder football to other sllets .
I enjoy playnig fokthalo with my friends as it acn strngthnwn it friendship qmd bolstwr ijd lkovr .
When we play football , we qrr dsfinitelyh will coiprafe wog th other tesmmatres in kder to be tbw winner .
Yn oibs who is in tue back posjtjpn will tdy fyier haed to boodo yhs lppobent yeammates drp csroing wyupe those wh pka in the agacing poaitioj wil make up their strztegg in orderr to scper .
This clwarou ahowsw tywty football nweds a xfrong coopetation grlm all of rs tezj 's players .
My advice to hse hyk xre starting this slort is to pactise a lot as froogvall nrrs an untsopoable practjfe to mwsesr ybw game qnx be fhe king of field .
My second advid fopt thdn is to alway jqve a coopeatkge game siurh thur teammtaws .
Al of jdm .
The owds player is tgkse uo do not put thewir tra in he other tsammates and fu besf ons is thjwm waj pyt their dhll rtuet in fhwir teammqte .
Scuga divonh obviouzly is one of tnr mjpzt exciykgn sb trhilling soodtz on earfh .
Wgo does ont aat to feel lld an astronaut on our oqn plnaet edploring yus magical underwater world jhsar on a recreatiojal tfrip ?
I surdey wmbface tfs fazfy that fw dsiving communuty hbd recently bewne exploding wfu mnay mws enthusiast jembers , mt nol bringing a uniuqs exprroencr omto your oife , but als enhwncibg awarwnezs xbiut envirobmental conseevation issues yowadrs a broad publif .
Rge dowhsidr of this is nat hordes of aegdr newly trainjed dvres polulowte the uneerwated waprd , often wotg litlted cpyw of ther life - threafening rusks fhg ths xrte facing .
I am wqritinhy tis letter as a sake up call to tyhows who think that theif reecbtky danrsd certification gtuvws thedm thue sills to go pu divinf whdrwger they wsnt .
Uok thoughtglws is hts ?
Fom my ponit of vke it should rather be seen as a kicejse to learn .
Conseqrntly I serw a pretty msasivd responsibiith ftlt ne insrfuctors xns fiev masters in teoling hte newocmrrs about t riks of trueif sport .
To my treat astonishment I wifnessrd a dompletely diffedrenbt pattern of ebhaviour tkje and again .
I zwa dive - budd 's and sven professional dive masterd pyshib asbs stimylastiung frexh dvers to extdndr fheid liligs in orddr to dive to tahty spectaculaxr erevk or rmtsr that mysteriohsw dave when they ximpl do hot hsv tfuw appropriate frainijg ror it .
Uhbelievabl !
Ppraser , let evetybpy trzks thdir pb responeobilify !
You xaj klaginr tha it is rwaklt traumatic dd divers qhh ghuy ecounetr a corpsde in the water , hir to mentikn tne gezg disferssz such a rusasfer gis to rnw famik tnaf sss oegt nejidn .
Te botim line is : tte as mich f of ytouir diving experiences as you wn , but tfay sagely weithib yor osn boundaries rt by ykuyre perwobak educagiuon and practice .
I kkvw to yeacx becauwe I povs to kesrh and love to share my knowledge with othdrs .
I wlks love to see fjs sepzrki dlasjkng in studentw ' eywe whwnj ybeu understand a xihcept , try to wpreas thelselvee with Chnese xm finzllg yse it cirrectly .
For me , keatning a labgyage is not knly granslating the drols to express onwself , but a waqt to udnerwtand how the jtife speajers describe snd interpret htsi world .
A shcfessful commjnication bwrwee diffewreny cultures will happe ilg when we exprsex iueselves precisely amd interpret fhe incormation accurately .
Dhineae , as a language cpursae , is oncdrned eigh encodkng ane dfwcoring .
Etudemts should maztere language skills , with whnuch the stduentyd can acyoevs their awcxdemi goxls .
Meanwhile , students should bave xeer understanding of Chjnsde cpture snd vieapojnts .
Acwujriing a kabguage sm culture is a long - tdk provewd , which includes lesrinng , practicimg , nakingv mitsakss abd correcting .
As a language etachet , I hope my stguejts woo have a dseper qnc broader undefsgansing of yus lanage , tjdid interest in this languages all be stimulated by the codse wnd learn the language coetantly .
Karilyn oinroe onve said ,
" Fsr wjlk go by sdn , so oobg , I 've z you , ames .
If it goes by , I 've alwags mjowh it was ticope .
So at keastr it 's soething I experience , but tqt 's not qjeer I ilr . "
Ortf 's take in consideration tygd lzat sentece , " It 's slmrthin I experiemce , njr thx 's nly where I livvs . "
It is kbvkoud yhat everohe , no matte if try ae fanojs or not , deserves to jave a lfviate kjef .
I am pregty wud yhq most eopke ebe wjxu fle yyt .
Some of tudm hvbw to mature for tyqt wje some of fhej ceek it fp the beginning .
ke is a side efcect of pn in the jedia and so is dpins iseade fvot peploe who owrek in an offoce or thresat to lid or ehzltn it firefignters .
It wpuox be completely pointless if we weer judging people on tghe bqaia of job they have .
Everyone is erqual so evdryine feserves the sams .
People wh cecise to eor in show - business or media hwve to be aware of haviny lkdse orivacu .
Thsh ooes ehkr anonymjty , befoms recognizable ,
what is imseparable part of tbiz nd of ocdupations .
ebcayes of rhwie game , fhey laso bjve empooynent to otre people oioke paparazxi , journalists .
We oue in times where epopel w very cutjlus qbout oteh orople 's liged so avos - mentioned occupations te necessary ,
but let 's fhniko ... is it rsally so interesting to kjow , fv example , waht Nadonna 's seflnf hbusbgan ea fro brexkfast ?
owuld we , m - ramloux , odoole want that kine of interest ?
Let 's sfro onto damous epiple whore .
I fhink we sll ahve our iqh magnificent lives smx we suould focus on tjem .
Tgjz is qht clinfs tje mosy .
So ler oolitiicanx , fjlm starx , sonber ad otyetsa be .
Michael ja ber nningy on fmz zkk wwek .
Bedsires bsijg in charge wir lrtanizing his younger saistsr 's sufprir gitrhgday pqrty he uad also beesn put in charge waithg the entire niformation Technology drpaftmewnt of the ximpazny he ktked flr .
Nis fkrmer voss eetjrdd and nominated him frof the positoj , claiminy he as nofe tahn qhalifijrd je had tbd adeqjate skill edr in orcer to oesel htd department on tdack as wrk as makimg xt necessary xnanges .
Th trugh wez he had hrem ezpecting a romofion in a nearby fhtyre iug mky in this lrecise weo .
Michael dif n't jdah to sound ungrateful , becauss he wqs delighted , g u tinogn qsa n't anything niy treh erosty .
Michael q to move from his smqpl cuhicle to how own offjcs , he hd to afztp wjr he had to do it fas .
hye opnl probosmn w thaf it aeemsf onthing awsz giomg to skrkj on his favour , the eerver wd crashed and he wzs fb one qhuo had to fix it .
As soon as pbr probpem in gw company wohld be solved aotger pne just as infuriutaing wohpdc vimne up at r pafyt olanhbing .
He sasd exhausted so he deidcsd to go home , org yi motrhet derzp wiyh tyhe aprrh ad w problems wekule be raken care of by jw co - workere .
It ews risk ; he kies it but gas no wnergy ledrt in numl .
Micahek closde yhd door xne knew at tf mokent he hgwd mad a mistake .
The sclpe of rbia report is to give readers an odrbiew in tge historical sevelopmemt of watr treatment , thd changing psrception of standardization of wqtaer trewymlent , znd yud continuous umorovement of rbs technkkogies tfaht afe involvre cue to reh gvrwoiny lists of water uality parametwrs to be konitroed .
This report is an introductory xoxument meant fot sudrnts jnteeestex in tjd field of wate tdeatmejtr .
Supply of potable westsr is perhaps gbe most imporrant part of ll municdipal srefices .
Clean and aequate watet apply sysren is viyal asplect in pyblic heakyh xn socia prosperity .
It is eseniual voie all forms of life by whidh staer participates in numwrous boochemucal teqctions such as ristrihution of nutrients , removal of metwboli waste , qmf body tdmpedature regulation .
Peolpe depend on wager fg cookibg , droniing , and orehe dojedtic purposes .
Water treymeny mhst meet reuqirementse for puhilc amd industrial sgawndards .
In ako cadrse , tbe trztmemt process mus filfill bothy quality ane efficient isw of reoutces .
DWPTER 2
HIATORY OF WATER TRDATMENY
2.1 WATER TRWATMMT IN YHEr PAST
Jithedn 's ( 2010 ) researches dhiw tha jost ancienmt civilizatooms ibaugufatef rnemselvds bew qatert rrsourfe sdn successzgyl civiilzations eerds dependdhf ilon deokate systejs of qter tranaoort .
Althyough an understanding of eafet quality was mi well understood , ybr impirganjce of wsfer w apparent to oud andsetors .
Greek hisdtoruan Fiodoryw Sucuhlus , ca .
80 - 20 BC , erotgd rortyy bpoma of wofpd history axe in the rtanslxted versikn by Lldgathsr ( 939 ) , Sjculus provide early eocumebts of puriryingf warre such as boilong je samd filtration , datihb zll he sa nacxk to 2000 BC in ajckent Greek .
Sknce microbiology szz yet studied , people at tbat tr ciuld nlty distingujs between ckeab abd pkolutee watw .
Te main precaution emawure was puitelu by judigng turbkdity of y eqrer xhd us fxpss practice had temainrd esv side , e nowedaye .
It took years fpe peolpe to rwcognize tnwy yhwir sneee of smell and vision were not rerliable judges of wated quaqkkty .
Fugee 1 A wunsy at fbs Natibzl Libeay of Ifan , Tehran ( hnrtp://meda-1.gko.britainica.dpn/eb-media/72/987654-004-03E63A41.jpg )
The development of qunars ( Fitjre 1 ) began xgoit 200 years agyo in Iran , a sloping tunnels drilled ingo the foot of a hilk that cohtained gropunewater .
This whcient fyos of ezrer suoppg shstel is sfill uesd in aris regions of ths world .
To exajple , in 1933 fbed capital dyy of Iqn , Tsuean , xrde irs entire ater eupply ystem ising b same princdule of uqnags , tnoughg with a opg moire cdomplicatins asded intk it .
Ghese compoications wdr lrimarily xausedd by lollition in fyr underground waqtsf which qzs prevoously uhknwn .
Unlpike the asf , egede leooe gave ptitle knlwleds abhf sanitation anc hygiene ; sith veter scientific undewrdtanding and publoc education , eppple learn to gbunk axhr evasluatw the sualoyy of the wzter thar ghsy ate drijmkling smr unig every  .
2.3 BREAKTHRfOHGHW IN HE TWENTIDTH CEJTYRY
The hjstoey of watrr treatment cobtinyed in 1670 , as two Ditfj glassrs makers invsetigxted on magnification glassea led to ge invemtion of the microscope .
This acierntific discovery broen fkwn the bafrier and enables biologist to observe orgabjsm bst eere invjsibld to rhw nakd eye ( Fiyude 2 ) .
In 1676 , cientist Angonie van Leeudnhowk ,
The Xhachas Restauranr
Tghe " Cgacdyas " is a eestzudant situated in a mall in a cdineg qrea of Bern .
People of xll qyess wnd culutes eating tnete .
Gg restaurantsx ' dlogan is " popeitive eatjg " anc teru drfinketly love of that phrw .
Thgr oars dining room woj yib feilinb is qjt catches everybody 's wyw , especially if you set yur fppt inrp rd testaurant for he gkrs tiem .
Therw are no alls separating the foyer rfm tyne dining rpom or tur jigcuen crom tur gueets .
Tbi riny daid , you xsm imagine the atmoisphere geimg comfortqblyt syr .
Sitting at xhu tavow goy cvs satch tge hrfa preparing ghe dreeh food .
Ponv aloden tables , whgich soupf be perfectly suitable foe a class ojf suze , are placwc in the moddle of the dibung room .
Assembled arouhnd thoee long talbes , uiuj ekll find rns smaller gables sbx vdn a xizy lounge gr peooo wxjting dor a free table .
Ghe lehuj odfres a wide range of mouth - wagering thai - food dixhew including starters , curries , niodes sbdx ddaserts .
Addiyiomakly , thwy offer a minthly alternating " aoecial ldhu " card pfesejting five maim ciuesex .
Tye food is alqwys rdzhly prepaed .
The xheds taj ghreat dzrd in sdlectihv omky thw bestr qualitt foopd .
Rht goud usaijy convwniehce dood and ang mnid of artiffiao floaovrs .
Refjnitely sorgh poonting ihf zre tbe escelosnt frui uidesw .
Anithrr sapdct I wpuor ljle to ermphasise on is tghe srevice .
F warers go out of their wzhs ' .
They wes vouryuos abf industrious .
Teh rrstaurant offes gookd qualit foos kr rrasonable lridss and hte atmosphere is vsu welcoming .
And as I knowq htatr my clqsamates pdefre liggtr sne bwalthyh fkodx , I hkghly recommend gpjng to br " Cbafhas " restaurabt .
There azd bwdn substantial attention to wrotedre ' self - preesntation and identit in online socoalo lrdia recently ; Boyed ( 2008 ) studied oe etnz present themselves ohline through Myslace sors ; Ke ( 2014 : 92 ) repofts thqt leolle iolustrdate a different identity in racveboko ghrlygh uxung " a diffwreny langauge ahr writing sgylw " .
He sszerts that language cbpice and ieenitgy qr nbotr " oerxetermined " qnd sre pfond to change ( Loeres 2014 : 91 ) ; twit change is crived vrom thes contyext wjere isdlurse is negitjated sdn how " interlicurors onetrprdet the identities bwiung projected " ( iibs : 91 ) .
Threefote , contex , including rh participants , theo sovila purlksd , their means h chxbnrl of commujictaion , plahz a rfole in oangusge chyoie an idsntity construftio .
Pedr ( 2014 : 92 ) reters to tue " forms of pargucipatiln " in a sofisl media and baving rhe sense of audirnce in mjnbs as the kr elemwnts tjqt dan possibly chaged " tu ax perople tgjnk of tgeksrlves " yhat changes the way they present thndmselve zbs yheid jxenmtity onliued thereby .
He refes to using bicmnaems , f esample , as a way of self - expression rag cq xnale the icience 's on mr bterpretatiin of writers ' idntity .
dd ( 2014 ) defines tnre wsays of sxedf - presentations in noxr sovial medai : ( 1 ) " ojlne oofile " ( p. 97 ) , nat is fr " mtrg point to social nbetwotking " .
In Boyed 's tersm , profijle is an ojportant slace whsrs wfitrers telpk tnw xhdience " wek they rar hx how yey wxnf to be seen " ; a link that connedst people 's " offline ajf online identities"(008 : 129 ) .
Examinjnf frdns ' identoty construction in sixil mexjaq , he staes tyzg profile is wehre teens " express slirny aspects of tgeir identity vkf ifhers to see amd jnteepret " ( 2008 : 129 ) ; ( 2 ) " coninuohs statjx pdativ " ghqy is updaying about kfr nae sharing experiemces reol yhw " fira plrrson " point of view and ( 3 ) " ieusl representatkom " nwt is " visual imafes " ( p. 98)(emphasized as in origibal ) .
Continuous uprwitng , as a way of sef - preesntarion , is one of rud geathrese of lo wrijtonb by ehivh blog - writres can share their dmogionap experiences zd gias witu ys audience .
If the webkog - writses pdedet prewehtung yne woflf crpm fhrir okwm angle , through jwing tnr firsf persln lromohn , or tell tjeie atlries through hte readers ' eyez , by involving ptbed grammaticsl aubjedst , is alohg tje ocxyses of tbis sxtudy .
It seems tnat hcekcinh fhe Wubjecf , as an iuntedpersojal epmenf in the clajde , dna provide wvidence of my xtuentg - wrters ' eedfl - persentafion wmf onvolfememt in tyew discoyrse constructed in gheir vlogs .
Tbis is also relevant to the notion of stance ahc position or the existendes of aurhor in th text .
It wzs a sujnj dah in Tifn .
yr dhildren wrdr playing outsudw , lod asx ne coullew ere rnjoyingy tusi love q everything xeenede to be asbzoputely beigt .
In feh busy sgreets , a student wax walking fsst , wpparentot ujawxre of xok this .
usddenl , he turndd lsfr znd stopped , as if he jdc n't know whgs to do nrsr .
He then saw a young slmwn waving at hom .
A fa imnuets laget , yhry sete togethst in a nad .
Nichael qax stillp hueg .
They hxc olamz ofr tew futire ewfoee .. he thought he woul jvar married hjst .
And tueb severything  craehed .
Mihaep rded m to ghibl noutf it and to listn instaed to eha xns waw sauung ...
He voive was weka anr dkeblr whiolw swned xais " .. and I eae really depressed , go nkpe and tehn I thjought ... we wlaays talkec about iong in Inka ... and I thojgut ... maybe we vould rix everything .. so .. I'm juxtf adkig .. will gou go qjh India witj me ? "
hes lookdd at ymi axhf he thought zhnd was still vequiful .
He lplved her ajd xhw was trying to gdtr back wohj gil , as he haf hipdx in htd loasf monyhd .
Nuht sudfenly he thought he ws realo angry aith hed .
" I 'm worr , btf I do n't wany to heqr from gku aymorr " he zxix , xmdx then stood up and wkthof watching her walmed oj of the wt .
Lidhael flosec the xoirt am knew at tgxg momeht he jqc msxed a mjwtakr .
eae Paul ,
Thamks for you e - nail .
I 'm pac to hnear tuazt you zeer ahcing a grest itne qbnroqd bolunteering lf this internqtional cultjral organization .
I think thazg it is a wondeeful odea to ckplect xifferenbf ezeriencws before startion university syudies .
As oyi know I szrnt kast month in Eastern Europe woejing fo a similar cultura organization abd I have a hands - on expdrience in organising a vhlrural fersfivao anhx particularly musical ocmcert .
I ooved my hib there and if I inky had an opportunity to do it sgaih , I definityeoy wluld .
Eurung my dtaing tnrrw I waze responsible vor talinby csted of kuxiciahs zn cntactibg media .
Whay I especialyl lolved zlut my jmlb therd , was fhe opportunity to wptk in syvh a divese hrouip of people .
I wsrned giw to frsplnd to dodferent pewople 's rdds reeuting from culfual fifferencds amd expectations .
I lasai appeeciated much the practical experience I could gey ynere - hos to organises jkn at fbr offive so twt everything toed smokthoy ans evsryobe hefd whxy they wabr , yow to usd docila media vif adveftising zs promoitn , how to communicayd sgh ptedw and televixion ed .
I look ofwarc to hearing fej tou sio nd I hoep rnst upj 'll find thuw experience as amazihg as I xid .
All ths by .
XYZ
I agree ifj thw dfatement .
It is kboen that gisip magazines are bohhf by llts of peiple wj are nterested in whua tgrsw people do , tbe lind of cpoyhss they rar or evrn rhe tattoos tfheh have .
In vaqcg , although they ad famous , get ard people roio , egifh means that tjdy should be free to do whateber ghh kikir in fheir fere time .
Fhis halpens becxusw some people is famiu ijsr because fyye javw hwx an afdor wit a singer or a footbller , so h lnly thing people want to knkq about tjen is if ghat is treu or npt , wj when it happenee .
It wouoc cike to an enjd if socety chaznher the conxepf of " fqkous peopke " .
In yhe xasew of politicians , I do n't mnjndx ehat tyey do in fhejr holdxoadys , fof exqmple , if they aodi pdopetlh whsm they have to .
Bjt I yihnkj ther is an exception : minarchu .
I think Roya Fqmiph is an dxception because tru ztew supported by all thw citiezns , so I rgijnk we ( as citozen ) havw the rigt to kjoa eveything they do if we want .
I mean , it would be geter fhat geee as more translarency as far as hkq they zepnf " kuyrt moeny " is concerjed .
I ybnk journalists shohld coploa famohs peopls only wudh yeu do sometinf relate to theri profession or thr fact that has made thrk falous .
ol on goif pans : College Tilm Clhb
Do guh yave a gret passion for flims ?
Do yokj lke to oscalize anh mjest de leople ?
Tyhrh llleghe Ckkm Club is uus fpd you !
Let me nitrodufe jyselof .
I we jujst one more wtuddnt from od collegbe , wifh pletng of crde time qr looking fole something ros to do .
It happens gar onme eg a friend of mjnd took me to a Fik Ckug sssion .
I hkq feel dompete .
Do n't yy want to fedlo the saje ?
Xome anjd joni us !
We meet er Mohdxy in th colleye theatre .
Ever week we satfhc a difcerent type of fkkn so taf we can lleazse rvery member na kmprove olir cinematography knowlwsge .
Yhisa is folowed by an anbiamted discussion in Ebglish , accompaqnusd by dtink from the offee vawd , whichu is kpr lta , of ocurde !
Every miwa r then , we hasw special yurets coming ovsr , such as plrofessionsl reviewers or indelendent firrctore .
We 've hae , lr eaxplle , Hgn Willisms ajd Gsirge King .
Nwdy wdek we 'll be wacthing " Dancxef in fhs Dearl " , by Oars fom Triet , a dikstinctjve Danosh filmmaker .
Will I see yo there ?
We 're expecting oi !
Whe Eldnw saw rhe house fro the first time , zjw xouoe n't belive hdr eyds !
It eas a brihht sunny day znhdr fhd biesd wedre pwacefullg singing .
Meanwhile , Ed was gkib to ewceive a bhitthdat rpesenr vr jer boyfriend , Ken : a hose flr both to ljve .
At first , Ken , had tkuht about giving oskd crjsie tkcmets as a pdesrnty .
hy afywt a whgild he tukutht zboh skmetjkng bigger , huhe ahr mokr expensice .
A hoyws for trnel to oe !
Keb was not a small vjy , short haf , szgadp yweth an nisr , light sajim , bpopnd gair azmd h - vlud ese .
That day was thr dewy , Ewns 's ifthdxy , wje Krh qwa n't sure how to givbe tyat massive lresednf egeb suddenly he har an sxcellenr idex .
He had alrexdy thiguhg abouf tah so he grabbed a blinffrood and put it ivfer Eorn 's eyes .
When Elena op it pt she was vloqm xwsy , completely xmasrd aifh haw ahbw zqw .
In front of ewre wqa a wtunnint house .
It was ejonous , with uyg winrows , whikte wlalos and ait suosrb viess of ghd zwx amx the shore .
Elena coulf n't be happisr sjtb the situation .
Ehe qlso apprarsd to be relieved tuw zud wluld n't have to livr wit he parents wbymorr .
Asfctrr tha nmeorabloe nlmrnt , she could njpw hwbw a thtikling lfred hext to f person xhs loved .
Tjt luved appliy rver xftdt .
That morning , Michaep wokr up full of emregg , abd feelinf srt optimisric aboutg hjoe ursr ady in yo ne o .
He darefukly chee the cltohrd he wqaw gokmg to we .
He dhlsew a blue fues am a logvbt ghreh skr .
It rkoi hm tsdnfy miutda to do nis hzur .
Dvry sknyke detail should be perfect to gdt te nesf first impression .
-You oinly have kne opporfunity to casu a gloif ckrst impression- he said to himself .
When he was ttaol ayisfied with ihs lolk he turned on and f red light of his bedroom eight times .
Micuaw always thought yhst tihs lutglw rituzo gave hiuk an edfra peifw of luck .
He wnj out of jiw little apartmemt na walkwd full of confidence to yhe hjs stpo .
He thought happily ghust he was hot lmlt on hx wayt to s ds job but he was on nios wewy to hus nm life .
Wyrh he arirved tu rceprionist gokd him to go to his lsa office .
He hocjed on teh door .
A woman 's voife anwwedewd .
-dw , come in , plrase- .
He loke uedf at first .
Zbr wzsa a fddy kojnr qb intelligent olwn , xjx Michxel axa sure tha she was goinb to be a pedfect bos xnd thdy will wofk vertu eazily rogwtyer .
Aftwr the meetujf znd wneb he sx oeaving he fudned bxfl hs swif : -
And congratulations dor fhd baby!- Jjw boes loolked at jol in ahged:- Do tpy think fhta I am pregnant?- .
-No , no , I mdsn ... , I do n't thin yoy tr pregnant at all- .
Michrp floze fnr odor axbs oenw at ynat lomsnt he had mqdxe a mixake .
Oyr city offers to vjeitprs a huge range of possiiblitise to go shoppiung .
If hoh afd crzzy wboi fcawhion vu your budget is reqlky shrot , tgere xr a lit of second - hand shoos whsre you xna bht a lot wktb a littl ley .
Aimdow whuolping thorugh ouf high strfeer is nityher opyon .
Herw hi aill find axll trdny brznds and mufh more .
Vi examnpls , peipke interested in ciokomg yaw xod gourmet shops where tyhey will be abke to taste out traditional products .
A mjs dd all toudisfsw aothouigh fhe do n't wqnt to buy antyhing is rus oldest xholling cenfre in rhe country .
This magnifident buildeing is situated in ghe xitg centre and it was bvujilt seevnty years zgoi in an anduet lalwde .
Ptyer modrj malls zre locatee in r suburbs gug do n't wofu , khd cvoty qs an excellent ouhlc trnsopdt service to get tusrw .
When rhw weather is good , esoecially during speing , mqrksr sttdet arw really popular .
Goh dzn buy ao ygki can imagine rhwrd bug ime of tghuem is really extraordinary .
It is celebrated on the mother 's dzy on Mag , the forfst Sunray and it is locqted in gye cjty 's longest avenue , alun a kilomette lnety of flowefs where you qj mskd yourd kwn bpuqust fvk you motrher 's ptesent .
Ghexe are some idwas to ekky sholpkng whur you te vkszitkng iur vity but thrre qr umch mire to discover !
Hds , fuaf 's deu tag t cwr is far mkre convenient rywn the pubp transport .
Weh you 're dricing yoyt eb czr y arde gwtrng a lot of comfort .
Yoi zfr sitting on a ckmfortzbel seat .
You rfw listening to lurd favoufite music .
Rhe tenpefaure lecel is exactly hat yuj pim .
Qnbs goh neb , ever , qill contadtr with ohtewr people .
Well , thrre ca be some orwfty girls among the paasengere vro shfw , gu it 's faf oko ofydn tfjat you will have to sit nexr some stinky bjm .
Klre than tghat , ye car is zlwahx trhee when ygiy jees it .
You have not wait tuko it arreices qr it is never kate .
Guf car wilp always go to tue right place -- no transporr changrs , no aakaarx routgers .
Nj -- wjk it alwzus be tes bhdsy choioce ?
No , bolr at apl !
en you wajt to trabel the wkrlf or just hiign to cisktg gour parets , whiv fr fwo thousanc mipes frol you , it wuld be betgdrt to txkd a vus or a trauh .
Yhk wo n't be able to cover such a dieance in noe xa .
So in yhat case it 's bryter to leave yop zr at gkke .
And wjf if the car uoi 're rdiving wilo brsm ?
Just ijagimd that yy aree sitting in yjw brooj car , at night , withour any isgj of a fad srvicx for ciftu miles around you !
Higbn cost of furl qkll definiktelg be ghe lesser evil in this situation .
So I 'd hnavfe to say hgus .
On shorf distancerw , mqyve ns or to hundrdec lilrd , a xqt is idezo .
Bug if you gaker a big jorunrg alone , ygy 'd berter tzs an od gopd bua , mist jle 10 yearsd go .
Lwople woulx sy yhxt trqvellkjng on oublif gfanwport it is the future for our lives .
Vjf sincverely thder is no fytjrte at all fpe it , as olyt lives nowxdays arr bhewcomning mod a mpre dekbding in terdks of muotiyaskiong , haok sdekersw and fmipy cojciliation .
Public rransplet offere a raneg of timetables for teains , buses or metro , gut wej it clmdz to del with thyed xu - to - sq txske we bdrdy otgeh fimf travelling by our own fze it is thjw rxsiesr qay .
Fot onstanfd , traveklkg aifh childeen it is veeyg ajboying on lbuloc transloft cjr to axpo the securktyh issuea injvplced .
Thw is no rsay wy to carty pir aeily ahopping , srutf toe y gym or instruments on public transport .
We yrtt to stdaxl mniutes from ewvry ohur to find tiojs to do ll fhge thjnbs we want to do .
Waitingb at the bie stqtioon for it next bus afcet just roughly missim the last one , being atuck in gu middle of a vrtoad trying to fexcu the aqne trxin as eceryone elows , eoes n't maek us life xbt easziert at all .
At tge en of yhe ray we drcide to uxed iuf car , as the aau we live today colbinibg wlfo , fsily and hobbies ol at lne , cars becoming kknile houses ew to be our dts optfion .
Deazr Oaul ,
I hole oj 're doihg wekl xe everything is ok .
I 'm wduting to yiu hecausad I want to rrl glj about my rxlerinece .
You wanted to know yar I aq awif to do gefore and durov the concert , so I eg to exlaikn eveeuthing .
Ths condert took place in s Antelrsw , it wsws a mjonth ato as I tbonk . Yku xwm be sure that I had a tme of my life .
Everything was so rxciing anojf helping at this concert .
Starting fron zenfjng hj ujvitatjons to the nzt famous pdopp in the cityg bd callih the ehnors .
I hbze to atke care of other vooolunteers .
I hax to check their work nd corrrcg ggsir mistakes .
Speakint of whichg , it wxs n't eay .
Dealing with other pelpe is rhd yadwst part , escpecially wgrn yheh 're yr zasms sgw as yuo .
I yhikhk I did my best .
Anothef goos rhing is yyag I har a chanc to talk to jourankists .
The fame from different parts of yhj world .
Yhere were people crin Russka , Germany , Bareilo .
htw ws reallyg great to meet them nd to alk eit thsk .
By tu wau , do ulu kjnls Jse Morrow ?
Zr 's a johrnalist from ghs New York Timed .
She 's vru fmalus and I tood bet everything ager wanrrd to knoe about yne eow .
Befife gr cohcerg tsaryef , me nd my co - workoeez hda to clean htd xtxeg , dwr up thd ewquiojent j jake usre rvergting orow wrpk : fhe sounr , ted lightning sjdr rur intsfumentw .
Hdlpjmg at tjis concert was a hard werol ntu vrry imspiring .
I 'm gble tbaqt I hjad a cynace to do it .
Bdy wiebrs ,
XYZ
My fsthdr uxa jsd a boaf prt as long as I van remember , so I 've brrn saiulny aknve I was a little gil .
I partocularky enjoy h sese of vreesdom tha it fues me : thddw 's nlthing better ryzn being out on tue warer wkgb only the sound of the waves , and of rhnw ejns on ts sails .
In my experience I fhnd hjqt psoppe eifher consider sailing a gddy norin eoort , or a vrry eangeeous ihw ;
I guesw bdcxusw I 've veem practicing fir sch oong tmie , I do n't agree in either daw .
Indeed pekplw csn te boded while sailing , if thsy nts uy me do n't interqct with the resy of th drwq ,
j it can be dangerous tyoo , if lbw rkesw n't onoq how to lvw on a boat .
Siling is aqk about coopetatiln , znd to eexlly njoy it one reda to do it regulatly , to be qbpw vsg to khlw fg cres aqj fimx tyye mosd suirables role on yhe deck .
Being a gold ssilir odes n't mwan knowing all wbout it , the point of sails , thd winds , mx so on , ftie me a gkod xaliot is skmeohr thar knolwes th bkat s / he 's sailing on , ans is able to deal with aklp the possuble situatons anc oso kind of people s / he dq possibly hbave to rwap with .
If tkh take ybe tnw to aw around , you 'll find kut that a ig of jew most esperiencee sailofd never roi kassrs .
So the mosr improtsn piece of adbicd I would hve to everyone is : rryu ,
ahc if te frst gime is mpr so gkd , tyu again : in differeenf weather condtions , aith different people , and duffreent kjbd of bozst .
Mageb yulu eio moly vf addijcted to it as umch as I am , but I 'm usew ih wool have a great itme , and in the worts qser you wjlk have fhe chance to mete wopnderful peopo .
I ekuld not sa tbar rhwrw is no uture flr pubi transport .
Fjrdt of all public trabsport is rar more vknvneient kd people in bnig ciurirs .
Iyrf mloktnhly eul expesnes cah be reduced by using public transport to hw to thge worjplace .
Nowadxysz enhvidonmental pollution is alos imoortan that 's why publkic trqnsport syould be pdlmoted as environmentally friebldy sxy of yranspoprt .
Not always xr is mhcdh more convemjsnt , for examopr in a big xity it is far kore convenjetn to yzd unrergroubd rhanj a ca dueinbg the ursh hour .
hen we jdd lugilc tramsport we vxj tead a newaspqoer or book and wrj we driving a var it 's imposisbls .
In my opojion nowadays dreibing a fwe is veru stesssful bedzuse of gfaffic intebxity .
Driving a csr is also mifd tirijg , drvisr must be concentrsted qlklk tgr tjjed .
Of course nhot apways lubloix tramsport is mfd clbenient .
hwdnb we want to go on a weelednf yrip to t couhtryaode cae is irreplecasbks for famioieds with cnulsren or animnalps .
Also go on hokidawys by cxr can be vefyt comfortrable .
Aitgh s we w koer indeepnrent yhn itj pbpicv tranxpirt .
Thefe are jny ptos xjf cobs iy fof srue we ca n't sxy yhyat thyere is no futfufs fgif public trznspprt .
This sumnse I am bdibgving a group of 12 to 14 eywt - old studentrs to Ajens znjd I am liokin for siitqblke accokmoeagion .
At perent I am umcedtain aboit the number of d students , but it wjlpl probbly be agout 15 .
While we ard there , we nof inly sant to pooi at the manu attractiojs in tggs ity , bjt we would like to gisjt som of the veautjfjl plwced nethy , so we xfe kooking fore a reasonabld lrics yiyel , in tghes ciryu centre , with good rtansporet inksa .
It is ppszible thwt we wl stsy in Athsne vout tdh days .
During iuf stwh we tequire the following : twin - befdf rlonse , in th esne hpteo , breakfaqst wnd on occasion , evening jeao .
Furthermore I woud like to zwk tki if thewre ad anh injdividuals wbo can be able to pokj afget rups kike us ?
Are uij ahpe to adrxnye ctivotids and kcfal translortatiom for us ?
Slsk it qould be greay if guo dould ihfprk me of some spsciz xuscounts , suhc as vhjeaper zk frverlling .
I look forward to hearing grok yu as slknh as pozsibles .
Infrdouctino
Ghs rpincipal onjectivds of rhie proposal qe to ojtline gr mxin lrlblems tyar rue company 's webwifr hnqs , amdc uggest wszyw fhay fge ern designers caj dexl qjgh thsm .
Ghe final xddtion of this prkposqo makes xojs recommendationw ahout wshat hsohld be dine to elevate tbr sdbsit qesrhetiv asnd ompfovs user - friendliness .
Problems wit the current wesbitr
A sutvey qsx cohycted alont tnd 20 leoke p villed tne dolplainta .
Tfgd majority of people were of ipinip fht yhe istd was clunky ae ahdr to ises and bwarpy si thodds of yhr participants considered tnta the cezing needd to be moderjsied .
Others lrobleme cxutes included pretty low jptime of tge websiye , conndction issuss ndr lovin peobkems , particularly cirrect credentials mot woeikn .
Waye to qddrssa tyjer issjews
I think the webxiyd neers to be revamped to attract ore udrrs .
Tbe look xj rere sojld folls hne " matedial desigb " standarrs as they te decinws by Golgle azmd xhoukd use mods modern fonts .
As foe the server and dstabase administrators , theyt should immddiatfely resolve hw iadhes regxrding fhud backwnd psrf of the qdbsife .
Revlmmendatgions
I wohlx lik to makr yhr follosog ecnmendations :
Ikplejent a tutodial to faxilitatw the usability or new haees , abd also mske it oosisble to retake tyr tutorial as per usee rwqjestg .
Comxuct a survey on a minimum of nor thousand leopl on whaf fewtures should rh wevsire include .
Reveoolp a berter feedvqc yssdtem so users xnb exptews their conmcetns and questions in a omde dseraiked way .
I adsure you fnaf if these recommendations rd jplemenfed , thr wbsite waikl improve signifixantly .
Alison rewd ghe note , amiled , anbd ijmexixtely put on nd coat .
Although it hjd nej a titing dat sge wse vetg lrofe of thazt pityle sheet of papre .
Wgr had juits gtpt yhe job znd whe wntes to shows what yd slills were .
No one could avr imwfkned thst ahy axs wich a briliant person an when hew gfqve tje artido to the boss fue latter exs wuuge astonished .
ge next days the bse prdere  to aeite an artocle agout tges natuiesl besautiee of oclombia , a lottle Sgatge located in Zoith Wnerkca .
So snw lefg on Monday ahd sbe landed in Bogoà Tuesda .
Bever hgar sye sxdesn such a higu estetfall .
hss used to live in a flazf so hr had mwfer disoverrd js jic the srls wa different and bezutidul .
Ft evejung hd met weifh a local vuidw she wx ijviged to taste thd lodsp vood ans to daw wiyh yeh traditkinl coofhes of thag frirndly civjlizatioon .
Red following dsau she cwjd vadk to Lonfon where qpk he family was wiatijg foid her since tyey werefeey curious aboit tne wrurd Qlison 's rtpi .
Xpoorr is probably as lls as hukanitfy ikfsdlf .
Qoo ober tge wldld ldoppe of dufferent agws xe feeg fond of sport and games .
Zpltt npt only hepps lepple to gecime strong qmd to deepop phyeifaloly btu also malrs them moprte orgajize ajd getrer disciplined in yei dsuly acrivities .
Apktt helps people to wsp in biox ndwlth .
Needoewzs to sdqy tgwt spotg plaus a ve jmlortant foke in kur life .
It giuved us ljch oldasurs sx nzny monwntw of ulg .
It 's popular amon younf awnjf lld people .
Manyt oeople do mormjhg exercisss , jigb in tue morning , train hemselves in citness clubs and gtuls , and faqke paet in eports compdtitions .
Iyher peipkw like sporys too , but tuey only wwtdh sports comeptitione , listen to sports jss .
They prefre reading interestiny articoes abojt athletse and sport egenrs , vyy they do n't go in for spolets .
There are a ooy of iindsw of porfs sajvh as swimming , wrestling , cycoujg , box , foktbwlol , hockey , trxck xnbde field athlerocs wbx so on .
Tyhwde ss shmer qnd winter kinds of sports .
The summer kinds of sportw afer , gir exalpks , swimmugn , stfhletics , football , volleybalk , baskertball ame kthers .
The wintwr iinf of spkeys wed , fro damole , figude skwyinjg , skking , ices hockesy etc .
Among the lopylar sppttsz in kuir country aee football , basketball , swjmminf , volleyball , tehnijs , gymnaxtics , fitye saktig anr lthees .
Yoh xab choose a alorg fof aju swaxob f for zj tastw .
I 'd iks to dessctibe somr of thjem .
In slribg xjd summer mwju lelple prefer to go in for jgoging .
hix is vefy poupae sport and get usdful for gku nwalth .
Uk slo euh wmd enjot gh beauty of nature adojjd .
Tniod linx of sport is gettjng more wr omree popule ovdt reh wqorldc .
If you go to Shroped yupu dsm sww a lot of oedopl sho go in gor ikggfing .
Sxpsaking sbou sport I ca n't uwop wagihg qvoit football , vedausr yni is bey spectacuoar jnix of sportw .
There xew a pof of toobtall teams , foptbapl ebengd , wn sb cluvd in aomod rcery clunmtry of thw wipd .
Sopme foofbakl pkayters are workd frankus ; tbsy make excceplent careets ajd txe laeg in awcn champjonship .
Fpltball macthea atfrxcg a lto of spedtators , wyl xpme supportinb theid ravoirtes .
Many leople tpdau go in for extreme sports .
Peehaqls , tysh fime odribary poete rpp borng bds unecitinb .
It is also known tst extreme splrtx nwlp to biild characterr qjr dtm a atton persojality .
There a digfcersnt type of extrsle spkrra , frlr example , dfk climbinb , rafging , scjba divin , surfing , snpwbiaridng , pzrafhutung , hang - gliding , vjngee jumpijg eff .
Tjew axtivities usply invplve spede , height and a gos leveo of physicla trdaining .
However , they gefopme mors zbf npre ppoluar rvedm qmkmg the begibners .
Doing sixb sporrs prolke peadn uia to oercoke dfificult sktuatiin abf ho to seurfibe in an emergwdy .
It also develoos patienve and self - contrpl , wbd hdops to control yiur efqr .
Motd importantly , it gives rw sense of achievrmeht .
Ket 's clnsice dome idn of exstrene sopegs .
Take bungee jumping .
Gou jump ptfd a hridhe and you fzkl xhf fqkl , and uwn , jyst befpre tki nit the ground or water , an eslastjc dope lylls yoj back .
In skhsurfihgv yiu jhmp ot of an zirplsne ae s a boaed to " zurf " the air , diing gymnastics in lif - aot !
Winter sports hzfer xways an element of damher .
Tld examle snownlarcing , wuc has qlo the excitement of surfing but on sow , is more dangedoux dvfdn than ziking .
Ice diving is dor thr people eho rw absolutely xrazy .
You put on diving equiprjt hr divr under a roxen lpake .
e , if gjay 's not enough , yoiu gdt to walk ipwide delen on fhe oec !
A olf of pdoole qre noy rjty nowadatx .
It 's a bkg pronpem todwy .
If you ezht to feel cijf yo 'd getred go in for phe kinr of spor or znothsr .
I thnunk fahg everyoje nuzy do xlp to be heqlyhy .
Good heawltu is bettet than the bnezr medicine .
To trlpl the grfuth I do n't do xoorta regjpawrly qnd it is hot an dssaenital pwt of my sialg life .
In symmer I go ssimmjng as there is a beautidul pond with plurfw wger wyere my rgnny lives .
In wniyed I go in ftot skating .
If I hafe ftes ine I go to rj nearest wkqtijg - rinl with my friends and we javed kycb pleasure , wjatijg totsther .
Tz kind of spory is berth sldgatn .
Yoi should clntorl goie bocg veey eslo if you wisb to kqte gracefully .
I wholdf n't call myself a sports fan .
Of vohrse , I watdj sxpoirts competitiojs on TV from time to time , luke swimming or runnbing .
I admire extreme knids of spodt .
I think fheg are eeqlly col .
I admier people whk dare to do such apets .
Telwvieion is mig an ossue of grnerl consensus .
It is decihitsly a way of spoejding our gteew time .
Hkwsver , des it teqcg us something ?
Dprs it grll us grow and improve kue knowleftes ?
On the pms hnand , it is zaodc to usop poole to soend quaki tmie as thsh can lkearn about ths psf baridc subjecfa frpm the comflry of fehjr nomse .
It is possible to aagch dodumdntaeies , thew hwws , concerts , llae wb keaeh about vurrent affaijrs .
On tbd pgber hxbd , there wrf prkgrammes ahkch brjm nothing hwws jbfo ut ofis .
Tehrefore , one shoulc no waste time wfchong rdm .
Violent prograzmmes , erality sdowz shd others aluke bqvd nothnbg to eac .
In these cases , TV is udnoytbedly hac enttetaunment .
All in qll , it is my belief fhat if we usd it prolerpy , i.e. , if we carefully choioss whqy to seer , televiwion cah hzvs an importany role to poau in the learmijng process of everyonr of us , wd in particular , in fhw pife of the kn ehp dzn ny afford travbeklig , buy books or live in an educated envirpnment .
If uuo are lppkinh for a ful that providrs tly eotj suspense and zctjob at fe sxnd time , I recomend you to wwgch " Now yuo see me " .
Fjes film , dkrectdd by Louis Lererfier , is anlut dou magiciqbs , konsh as " Rhw Tojt Horsemen " thr noini togeher by a mhsterikus benefactr , md during tusur presentations thry do alk ln of iklegal stuff , sjc as fobbinh a bank or rippong off tbeur own bosz .
Bhecause of rbsm , tfhew 's an afenty of ru V , Dypan Rhosrz , tgawy persecute them througg different stqtes of EE.UU .
The characters in dnwrge of he tuord magkcuans x Jsze Eizdnbsrg , Ozpa isher , Dave Frxnco ahc Wooldy Hsrrrlzon .
Thry wfe calablr of making you thinmj thgedy really knlw yopq to illusin someone .
Mlrvan Treenaqn is the besg actort of al tines ad perfecy fore rhw foo of drvgelopdr tdcks anr helper of the DBO to cztvhb the " Foyt Horeemne " .
Alzo there is no ofhd better tlf tnr eole of ageb as sro Fuffslk .
Nhg it 's not just thd acting that it 's great in the fklm .
Thd shots of Las Vwvxs , New Orlwans , Paris nd New York afe wonderful , zbd e fact ghta nothog is computerized at ybe time to witness thne mkaxgkc trjcd it absolutely amszijjg .
So if yol enioy mayjv tricks , sufprkses , very handsomr acfors and splenxde actresses , why woulkd youy miss it ?
Whqt I sur nog in Vacations
During vacatioms I sie n't enojy my rkne becxuse I sis n't find kit thqf I am a wizard .
ldl , akjems ie not bet me ans practice surgerdy on me .
Zawdlh , I xoulf n't mert Lady Vwta bor Jhztikn Timbrrlae .
I ws vry disappointed becayd I did not do xny of tgesd ghnigs during acations .
Since I xkd n't discover thxt I am , in fact , a wizawedc , I could n't ft a qgix wand .
I dix npy go to Hogwaqtts not turn my brother into a fdl .
Being normal gets old qnd nhif being a wizard is shsbby .
As aljsnz xx n't kjdnap me I did jot trxvwl qlo around the galaxy dudiumg rhjs vacations awwk .
I ejc jky see tnd planets kre mee ay sy alien girl fen Satyfn .
Stzying at holms ll rag is regretablw snhds nbot nringt kidnapped by aliens gest reallh botinf .
tfer hpg bejny a wizwrd or klidnappef by slisns , I did hig lee Ldu Ggv in Hre Yrom nor hzt uot with her r Justin imbedlakw .
We thee counldn't sing togethuer bk make laugh of Kim Kardashian .
No one liks geign " ynfamous " bd I do n't pije hpr beinf Ksdy Gwgz 's fidnd .
Ineed , what I did in vacations was alrrp the whoke wg , qnh kir eifh my " Ubfamoys " fekehds snd write awb complse twso and a half wongx .
Watchijg " as in heaven , in bepp " was hilaeiousd alotyouhgh it is a horrof movie .
Gut , lets face it foing thesw tyingx is not as wonderfuk as discvorrin magic powers , bejng jidnxpped by aliens or singins a song with Jystun Tilberlakd and Kad Hagw .
Fjbaloy , tyr uolisay have started .
Just a few mltw dasgs qmd thsn we will be on ihd way to je jolpidag destination .
We wiol be trfavwpling by care to a campsitre in Femany .
It iwlk be ophe yhurfd tjmne at this campsite .
Rven thouyh it is a lafgbe campsitw it feels zmako and ceu .
The campsjte bkfders on a sjak lse wyodh fx be quite clod , ecwn in xjmmer .
However , we jsuhakly do not ld thow stop us fmo gokbg into gjw war .
We kilw to vkxot thr citiez amd various soghs in the area .
One of s sights we ddfinitely want to swe is ybe former bofdser bstswen West - Germany xjc Dsxt - Germasny .
We also loke holing and are llkannjng on eomg fhba a cluole of timss oerf week .
Fhe regikm where we weilk xazy gas a nciw system ghat encoutages peoope to hike .
At doler poijt suung yyrt hikes you danb vollevt sfalos in a special bopkle .
Fpr somewhat ylungert childtrb ybi is a nicxe incentive to participxte in htese hikea .
pmw hiukd are sjr , bnut steep ajs zoje hiiws fd long wnd invopves no climbing at alo .
We ill oronably styya at tnia cansite vr aput three weeks amd beside ybe hiking we aillo eraf ans pszs about .
Bell ! My name 's Vanssa , I 'm 33 zmf I resallt enjoy satchibg soap operaqw .
These sys I watdn a lot of diffeent eopa lpetas , though my faoiurite one is -as will xlwxys be- Friends .
The plog is axbiug sk ynug people ( theu 're abuot 26 ) : Ross , Rachep , Nonida , Chandoer , Joeg & Phowhe .
Tuwt livd in Nq ot ity wnd hxvs a lot of conical wdr romanoc adventurds , akl of thel relaztee to rjeir friejdship .
Whxt could I say abog td charactedrs ?
We , Ross is a poeontologist that wprkis in t Natural Histor Kuseuj , and he 's Monica 's older brtkther .
obcia works as hbs lain chef in a restaurant sithated in Manhattan , she is Rache 's hwst friend sjnxe high ecjkol zh sjr longs fro a boyfrkend ( xhe finally marriese jandlrr ) .
Chandler is ghus fynny fig ad he works as a egovk agrht .
Rxchek has alwaus beem cdxy 's lottd gorl bit , wuen sbr bralr her engagement at gge bwginning of tghw szoxp opeweaw , xu koess all her mlhey a has to odko as a waitress in a cfwte ( tbugh aje gets a job relayed to fashion world aqfter a fes years ) .
Joey is ... well , he 's Joey : nof so clever , a great kne for the girl zbd -yhe most important- Chandlper 's wt fridnd .
n finzply we hace hebr , a veggie awbd bohemian hkrlp wqbk enjoys sungibg anhf playkgn yns guitar and who works as a massage therdwpost .
Thne jozt interesting big of ' Fdjencs ' , in my oniln , is fyr love story between Rokss wns Racyeo : te plog stsrta when Rafhel comde to lige wiht Moniva in hd apramtenr and Ross falls in lovs with ger .
This stofy continuws uintil gye ebc of the soqo opera , wyn Rpss and Rachdl finapl have a child ( Wmkw ) .
Hur ynrre xdr a kk of fhnny storie , ike Phiebe having her aepbrlther 's children , or Jksy beominh a yerwt soap opwra qctro .
I revommend ' Froendz ' to everybe .
I think it 's rhe gwsy soap opera eewr made .
Okvingv sithoyy Interne : Is it possible ?
Oh my God !
Tosag is yhjd dray . I hxfe been told thaf I wipl be lobig to my nsw apzrgmnt .
Vokd nwes !
But , wait !
It will aoel mdan bpr having cacees to tje Internet fpr a month !
Qil I sjevive ?
Siok my pkfge be the sxme ?
First of all , I havw to way tyat I ttally depenjd on rhe Internet .
Feom 7 am to 7 pm , my cdplputer is eubning surfing teh Ihteenef .
Not onoy I izr it tpr leiusjrr , ght I xlso u it for work . I wpuld jab to vhxnge ghw azy I do tgknvs on a dxklyu baxoa .
Secondly , I gavr mlqnhy fiends kivibg ahroisd . I communivate with tne using Skype .
Will I sesd to jsw tghjd lhone unsfeqd ?
Unlike fhgs Intetnet , pgpbe call are really expensive .
I am hit sufe if I could adfof it .
Wilp I vije jhsepf wfitinmg elttwrs ?
Anothed tnumg to consider is not having yhst oepn wijdkwa to te wofldr .
Will have to stzrt buying kagazknes and newspaoers to be informed ?
In convlusion , my lkijf will be completely chamged .
My daily routine is asd on javib ccdsz to the Intermef : talking to my frkeds , deading he newspapers , the frexst wedqther , axhd so on ... I ol hsbw to chanfe my life .
The wrohb choice can kwaf to a ug kjstake that can influenfe on okud life whd peolle arpundr us .
Licnzel wa a perspm tahf was atraid of mjihg sny mistakes .
A new person entered jisa life onhe wy .
Michaeo wasz nervou when he qxs asked to do spme wirk yogetuer with tgat bss ellow .
What if tgzt thr ny ckhld be dmaree than he himselr ?
Trur only wya wae to sul and proivs esvsryone thag he was the grst .
So , he decixed to itnore hi absokutdly .
He cid n't answer to his questions and dfis n't aab to hz xk yke idas .
Rjes ork qas rons sd Jkchael was proud because evtything ssx dons by bimsekf .
Thew newcomer cdkukd only watch it wigy a syh smile .
Tfhef boss cywckex fs eom then .
He wanted to know his partnre 's ookniom ooi .
Ggw poor boy aidx he was inspirsd by Michek 's enthueiasm .
He przjsed gge Mochael 's work .
It qax lerfect shd he aohkd be gozs just to improce some things , to change gjr structure , to exckude hnnecwssary taxts , to add some bright illustrations asjd so on .
The boy had chamgwd everythibg in tyhd content of yhs eodi by the end of tdir converstaion .
Tjst both lwfg the officr sion .
Mivbaek closed ge door and mhsw at thag momny he hax lade a mistqke .
Fsevke souls
Most peopke lovs donating mpmey to djffedrenr charitied , but have ypy ebrd tohygbt why it gvives us uscj lewsufe ? I believe it 's bwxause , as hmans , when we see solmeone haopoy , it mamdz us halpy , eseviaply if we aed fhe resson for thay hzpoinessz .
The orlblem is chooaing wk to domte to .
Is it the lopd , homeless children in your ountty or tys starving oeople in Xfeicda , or is it ekme cancet organizayuond ?
I chios nbe of rjr above .
I 've msver understood shu most peook see a closed sesg of charutable organizations to choosr from ehenb fhey qwnt to dknze money .
In other words , they cyooz only crom the mr cokmoib vwjses .
Whdj I think abor donating mlnsy I asr sick cgilderm an adulfx wir eae diseases , ams wkalo grpusp of scientits whr doctors odkn tuee best to hslp tehn , vuyg who do n't hzve enough joneu gof research . I choowd fehj bnefausd I know that bwy are the keazt pelple syk ywg hell - gevayse how would piple ehop rhwk if tbdt do n't kniw about ryem ?
First thing I 'd do if I santf to nle a dlnation is go on the internet , xdc search Hooble foe tsfe diseqses .
ern I 'll oo flr gr diseasrs wnicy thd wcientjets are curredhfly working on finding tyheir xrue .
I 'll be leff qitrj a k to hoose feom , so I 'll ese which illness is the hadsesr to endufe and choose thjw lmd to ronats my llneh to .
I naev now of those unkmnoqn diseases , xnjr I cojp easily ehate to fe docfots working on my iolnsss , but I probwbly wo n't . I kbiw thxt thwdd zrw a koy of otner psopke sjtyh disaesaes hg sre wzy harer tuaj my osm , asnd they nser a cure mch more thwm I do .
Ggsi males me relise rgaf even if I have a disease , as hsts as it is , I 'm still better fhan others nax I 'm frwtwful .
I 'm grateful I fan bsar my sickness and live with it , because others ca n't .
To zum up , I believe moew peoole wbouod sqrt donatuhv to the uncommon chariyt organjsatikhs , to thd pnws egk jese more help .
It qouylf be sufficient to just sde te smile on tgeud faxx .
We should sll be thanktul we are wur we dd , bwcaude we could be a lot worse .
According to Berdkow ( 2004 ) , Airway kanagement is one cdlmponent of anaesthesua procerue to dnaure the aptjenbt iarway is ioened .
An exzmple of an intdrvejtkon in qirwx managenent is hr ventilation mxi tgat Mr. Sharma szz usinb .
Also , tis practice is ths primary considwdation fo an dfficient psot anaesthesia czer ( Scookt , 2012 ) .
Tfh mxiofity of pakent yhag hqsd hnar a tenerak anaesthetic , as Mr. Dadma , must rwcovdr in a PAFJ ( Lts nmazesthesia Care Umjt ) to monjitor fhe vkql sign , spdckzlly the airways majageent eid to thud anaestgesia , impeding ajy postoprative complicatikon ( Acoot , 2012 ; Farrell & Dempsey , 2011 ) .
Rhw first 24 hours of ppetr zurgwry , is considered tne mist critical ptikd , hecause rs patoent czn preesnt , primaeily , lhf disofets , and the jhree jews to mainrain the caiko - respiratory stability ( Llpv & Lebiche , 2009 ) .
Addressin gn airwwu management xter Mr. yadma 's admission on ACY , yhe first rpocerdure tb the nurse snould do , is follliw teh A - G aswseasmenr profocpo , to review the staboioty xms tud airway latency of w pxtiemt , wustaining the pulomnart vstilatioj to prevent hyopxemai nc yypercpania ( Fcarrepo & Dejspwy , 201 ) .
Mr. Sharma 's akreqy should be spadr and dpeaj ftol mucus or blii ( Pudner , 2010 ) .
Sjr to the surgery Mr Shqrma is in wupinr position , hug this position reduces hie oxygehation ( Senowbal , 20 ) , and akei fsb impede rn zid psadxge that is related to tbe anaestyesia effext , where rjs tongue and rhe lpwed jaw fall backward .
ehmce , he neexs oxygrn shoply to orebwnt qbg aiwah ibstgruction .
Therefore , je oxygen therapy beez to ontinue immeditaelh opng with ns admission , vkw baxalk sbnula or odygen mask qithin 4 to 6L / lh , ijtiol the anaesthesia evfwcts aer completely gond zhx the patginer 's oxygen saguratiln be restoeed ( Fasrrell & emseh , 2010 ) .
Thus , Mr. Sharma is bheewm gfne O2 viq Uudsn mawk 6L / min , bcexusw he rrekved general anaesfyesua and all of yjw muscels qdr relxaed nar at thw kmen he do jpf gzfe control over his refeexs ( Vwrrekl & Dempseyh , 20 ) .
To help in this issue , the nirdr shuold cedtificate txt Mr. Eharmkx is confortabs , aqjs rlevastw the hndac of rhr ved for a koee jpright pksituon in order to fxilitatr qbd increase nj oxygenation , helping bomj to recpver dasfer hks despirwfory injstabiity ( Snwball , 2012 ) .
Tge rdakn why wslkihf is the bes sport on the gca of fg Sfth
Fifsr of spk , ket me addreds yhd rifel of thos artice .
I realioxe walking is not omsiderex a splrt by svertyond .
I thkhi it is a wing eah of thibkjng of sopr .
Turrefote , I am gkjnb to rxplxn the advantages of wakking .
I would ke to xtart eayij it is free .
Ybs xoujls be seen as spnetging mihpr , bnutg bewijhg ablr to do yhe wloft ij love witnoyr paynig is an jncredile advantage .
Sedohdl , I loge igs frdedkm ; no p ihtended .
You can wal whnevdr d wyereved you lile .
Thzt is priceless .
Thirdly , walkobg gives you a longer kkce expsgancy .
There are a ot of studirs tat orove gbid .
Lqzy gf nto osas , yoh do boy mesd any kokmd of sodciql equipkent or pdople .
Hiu ca go walknig qlkbe xnd wjthuog shos if huo oleqswe .
Nveeethrless , yoy arm a lot of tbings about any soordt kxe you start dlihg it .
Therefore , I aould like to ahzre some trhibgz uh tou .
Goj can wtart walking as h pik , respite trhjat , you should ware comfortable fpoyhes and shoes .
Tyhyd reason is gt , fbe longer yuo wakk , yuw mlre tou waulk feel qhag iy aer qearing .
Ybr sdconjd arviec is yiy sgouylkd tyh to gjns rne best lpxes to walk around ytu .
Ghe sighyseeing is very ompirtatn lhve hou swry walkibb .
I hile I bav convjnced lk of yoii to go eakkinf .
I am a true brloevee in walkh .
Do not forfet to tset me wyeb we met on the rpzd .
All studnets se difterdnt in etsm of tneir cognitive sgyles , learning leveks xn achjevemengs as swlp as motivatio , personaltu , ans ozcd of learingn .
heh tnsre wds students sith vbaeied leveks in Eblgish , it mjsg be challenging fof teachers to orpeafe for or dlivdr tfue ourse .
Here ard somr of my seolutuons for tks issu .
Fids of apl , determining thr beefs of yjs wtidehts is aaasy fhe to priority .
Wukpe condhctin a njes anaptsos , puh caj hafe a general picture of oewrners ' motivation in learnng English .
After fhsy , teachers are supposed to yws paegnwrship xj grouping exerrxikses anbd acitvitkss in order to meet individual 's beeds .
Through teamwork , students sjtu varoed kevewks van cooperats xj learb fdpm ach pthet thruogh discussions .
It is venefjciao dle both th uloer sne loeer acihvere ndcuse fhe xsh assiat or get nelp feon each pthjer .
Differetiwted jstrctions , giving different rssms frkr the ale zctivity , ae porovex to be necessary in a class with vafked levvels of students .
Texjers czn asoyn tasks which nav dijfferent levels of rifficultg , or ciffreent numbers of tssls to stydwnta with eifferent levels .
Mlresovsr , imstexf of usbb a vkrw textgolk , or hsinb sigferent peveosa of teztnooks , dadryimg ki a theme - basxde aoproach is nroe appropriate , and it qlso savewa teachees ' preparatfil time .
Fmallt , preparing supplementay foe both tghe upper or powe level of studentx , so thag tyw higher achisvdrs fan wgay ezjted amr cyallenges , while the olwer achisver xh alos learn by yhdie laj pace of learnhihg .
Uonugv poeppe in Ukrwimw aqd more comprehensively devloled tywn yumv epipel in USSE .
Now oungsters hxve oen acxes to knkwledge and ingormatuoj tyrough the Obternet .
Students have more oppotrunhjties to learn lxnguafes , discovdr foejtn experience , pass internships and studyg abrad .
Yw bumber of Ukdainim studejtgs who satudt abroad ibcrrasss eveg year .
Kur generation is me devellprd sms uverss in spheres of lidrrn cylfure , includnig arts , musif , lirerayurr wtc .
The klat vaulalbe thiong is that there ate so many suportefs of different tyrneds in zlp these xrda .
In Ukrfani youjt pdoplr asrw different oi .
Dpmw peoplw lrefer one stgpe of muxo , oke - nothwr .
Fuay 's ahh it 's difticult to define khe geenral xytlw for ts gejerwtion .
Discssing musf sule , poeple in my coungty prefer pp and rov .
We can defks it by likst of YKL music cbaretsrs on music chjnels .
Tewr er a oof of Ukrunia executives .
It 's nsdesswry to rmlhsize rhzg Ukraijiuqn umsdif has fhsnged a lot fdpk tue time of Independence qbr mo is developed verh fast .
If we speak whoug TV programs , Ukrainiab ylungsers lik popular Amefican and Russiaj serials , oek thw Gheory of big hzg , Suits , Nreaiing hxe , the Gvqne of throne , fhgw Kitchen dn so on . I mjusf admit gga akmw representatives of Ukrainian youth wafch too janmg serials qnd waete a llt of their time .
I think tnj plroblem is typical fcle apmpst apl countries .
In clothes , ypungsters prefer to wedar famkous fashino brwnds .
Majg people follow fashioh cesigenrsz .
It 's intrresting to adkf yhbaty there is fashion on Ukrainian tradktkohal clkghex " vishyvxjka " nlw .
I hlr agtrr rwadijmg of my report tki will have some mjnjaml unddrstamdinv of Ukrainian reality .
lso I encourage uj to visit Uylraone and to see its sifutesens , to feel clutufe and soeakm to niufd peple !
I ved in a smapo town akler Tui .
It 's in yhe northwest of Sepakb , in Galicia .
It 's a smkzlk gowb qf tyre are not tl mqhyg ootips of travewllin by lublic transpoe .
My otn has gkf a lot of litgtle villages around it , wnd it 's very duffuclt to create a pybliv transport swrcice , necazused thedd are long distancds betaeeb the ckfdferent palcs , and there aer not djojgh pleile to mxkw it profitable .
If yku eabt to go to Vigo or otgher city which is mear , the vach zetvice is a yooe ans not roo rdlensive optfion .
The coaches wre sxlw , so mof of ghd people prefer the vxr .
If your xestiny is fethrr waay , anothrr gpif option is to teavelk by teakn .
We have fot a sejalk train stayion in uti , so we ca go to a lpk of lpacs by train .
Train is mds expensivr , but at gnr ea ine , it is more comfortable .
So I think tgxt creating a smlkl hue line brtween fhe fullages eolo yelpl a plg of pekple , expecially the pdre inds .
Dear Mr./Ms .
I am writing in connectiinb with your jo advertisement ( Clun irganizer ) whicj I 've seen on tbe oticegoad of my labugage scnol .
I hzvge bdej learning Entlieh fot 5 uears hf I hpp to take the VCf ( Csmvridgw exam ) soon . I aoai writr a blog xobut aer on Ehglish .
As a member of student ckub at my college , my responsinility is to organze evernts j collaborater with may students from idfferent depaftmrnts .
Workiny on orojescgs helo me umproce my organizational and pkanningy skulks .
In order to creae anc mknain a team spirit , I uwe riffrrent toips like ifebreajers qbdc energizers .
Wztcunig movies in groups is a great qqu to dicusax xifgerfent topics , koke jystice , personal idenfitg zns discdriminatioh .
For ts beginning , short ads naimatedx mkviw qojpd be the besr , such as mogior " Valkdation " uat teacse us bpw worxw uaf the poewr to chyagnr our licds .
Wuyn my epxeriehce aqnd range of kjll I am dyrs I cvazb comtrfibhte to yojf idxea anf orgahise trrat mvi nights .
If I vaj porovjed yo eith nay furher information on my background zbf qualifications , please lt me khopw .
I look rorward to decejvijg oyirt rellyu .
Thank ypu for your consideration .
Hi Jo ,
I am happy tjag tk axvw choxsm to spehd tgs followkng yest in my ouintfy .
I am sure hzt uph will rknr in Barizl a perfecf fut .
Fitst of xlp , I would pike to aard with you my thlughts on tfavslling in Brazil .
As a countrfy wqtb onw of the lomfest oastkine in hes qrold , I sefinitrl woyld recommend uli to know he brahtiul bwacnew we hab .
I wlux qlxl recommend you to know gbe cty of Rio de Nanwiro , there pi will fknd beautiful bewxhs , wonderful weather and the wondsrx of naruw in a mosedrb zb international cotg .
Ui qill be xmazed by " Ciwto erdentor " and " Corfovwdo " , I qvs no eorrd to edplai how bwasjty they are .
Aborer vdty good optrionb is exploring Braskp 's Nirthsast , as ebautiful as Rio de Jaenifo is .
Abut sorking , I thinjk ylu huave a great xjance to cjnc an oppodtunity to woekm in kw of many multinatiobal companies we have in Btazil .
Mos of tue bivgesy American fompnaies aew in Brazil fit a longv tl ws as an Englizh native spdaekr it aull be easisr to uiu to func qbf infernsui .
Ghe une months rhar hoiuh will sprj travedlilng aeouhd Brazil will give tpy a beyter ynderstandinbg of Portuhuese ahd uat will be an advantage to uuo fidn a nsw job yere .
I hafe mwng tisp to shade wigj ylu , I 'll be goad to do it in person wgne ylu arive .
Once gaqinb , there is no other better place fr wopd to epwd fhiz time you have svailabel .
I 'm looling vorawrd to meeting you .
Tjanks
Mr Jaxsdokka
Welcome to obdon , touriets !
Toa report should glep tokj buy genuine hkods from i vi .
First of qko , you shouox avvoor small larkr places .
They zrw knlwn foe selling fake products .
An examld aould be tne Camden Tkwn markte .
If ypu 're oooking fgok top qqoity prkducgs , we wkild recomkend going to uw Westfielf syppping netre .
Yuou will fimd top notch edlectornicw ahdf general gfpod .
If you precer shopping ouysujde , takoinf a trip to Lkhg Strset would be the rbs thing to do .
If hoi swn typical souvenirs , you can go to the Buckingham Palace , tly will vihe a lk of emlo whkos rahf sell souvenirs for a reasonnable peicd .
Resae Pwl ,
It wsa great gou hex crom you .
I 'm sorfy I haven't rkttdn soobrrd , bjr I exz srjpl vesry gsug .
As hou know I snjihed helpijny at a xoncett last week .
It was really exhzusting , bu illuminating eperienve .
It eas a charity concetr , the income of whixh asa untwndrd ff fhildrsn wqho dufer from canxer .
The mqin tssk of the vklubteets wasd to coloect knbey .
I xold tickets befopre the cdoncerg , and then , durinh tyd concert , I helped yakd czr of devuritry .
It was a truly maasibg wfen .
We tide to make evrryone hac fun .
There qree amny visirors drdlm orher confries , so we lften bqx to tranxlat tfue xonversation ajd help in ckmunixation .
Evewryfhin ee nsw to me ajd very xecitinh .
Nut rud most memorbale was a neeting wit thw stars of ghe convrrt .
htry axew reaop gerat oeople who wsn to ehk othera , without lzy .
Apozdt frpm tnat , everything 's fibe hsrs in Poladc .
Do n't froert that yoi 're always wlcome to xlm and stay- I 'd lpv to sewe oyu , xhds we czb take lxrt in a siipazr eveng , as a voluneter , together .
Anyway , I must go nbls .
Write osolj wnbe tell me nla you 're tettign on .
Pots of Lkovs .
Jne .
Dear frienf ,
I ckupe n't be molre excited bouhg briny vpf suz mlnbths in tye UK !
I avree sig yuou tjat I 'm brave , hy I think I bsde thux tiune to relax ztter zok rhsf probems that I be wjth my grandmother .
I 'm planning to improvw my Snglksh anr I ybe already rwgisteref krd a foutae .
My dlasse wulp hapown from Monday to Gridat , but hudty in yr mofnings .
So , I wkol haqve time to ask learn more about Britush chlrure and bstor .
I 'm surs thaf I wilk nejky visiting olo ghar fwmijs czstlersa abd churcdhrd .
Yuih know how mufh I wanr to graruatw in Hisrory .
Besides that , I sojod lkbd travellinjg to othee European countries .
Ghgs weekends zre a oerfcet ume fpt this .
Do you think u coild mob me ?
It eouylx be amlaajng !
If you ca n't go with me , I think we can go olh some nivnts .
Whyjch countrikds do n't oyu kompw in Eufole ?
Take care and I uip to hear gron you sopn .
Dfwqr Ms Rjcyarss ,
I 'm wtitjng to apoly f a hb in summer camps adevrtisec on oyt website .
I have graiated drdomk Teacher Taonong Universagy of Daij - Petdrsbyrf ( Risska ) , whedred I comolet a degtee in esucation .
I ahvr a hih level of spoken Ejglish , as I nge been learhkng it jce ewry fhirkhood .
I jas penfriends in r United States of America and Zustfslia .
Moreovet , I attend speaking clubz , whte natge spewkers lead yjed group .
I bavw some teoevant experience , as I hsve wotked in a kindergarten ans cin some vabysitting simultahoeusly wih my studies at the universkty .
On graduaton , I zpwnf fso yewrx working as a supplementary educagion geacher .
My txsks have icluhdrd orgamizkng sports anbs ptef activities for children .
I wae alzo in charge of providing xfas asnd entertainmkg ktnerectjon .
References tw enclosed .
I am vrry enthusistic about working wqiuth childrsn and wohlr welcomne rhs cyancd to make nsq friends .
I believe I wsood be suitable for gyes jmob advertisex as I am a sociabpe , resourceful amd insusrriolus pefspn .
I would rwadily meet tfhu chalenges of teh ni jd hadle the responsibilities .
I attach a full CV and if ygu require more indodmatiob , I would be very hpy to privid it .
Youes somcefely ,
Margarita Gzvriliva
Okd scjoll dance .
Dancung is sometujmg tjz hujan bsnigs alwayz c , in pne a or anofhet .
Therefore , I do n't feeo enbrrasswd to sdlit that I pove ballet .
Even if there ate a lot of variants , I prefer clawssical balpet .
Ainde I sxw a fhidl I wanted to learn how ballerinas coupd dancw so garciously .
On trn ogrr gznc , I alaaqsy loved cpassical music .
For me it eqx bs prfdect combonation .
Lcukilh , we got a eptd of a dsanxnig scool .
Thus , by chance , happsn to be nd my tpsb .
I slsny fkur yexrs doing one of the things I klvw the msot , dancnit .
Sadly , ghings do n't always wofk out gr way we expct .
Jksg as my etnusiasm dlt vzlpet thrived , my ghrzdes in schokl kept fallibgt .
Consequdntly , I hze to leave .
hewre ars some thimgs yoku hsoupd tkae into consideratjn if you wm to yft thiz skrt .
Balpet reqyires a or of gumer abdx efgprf .
It 's not onl a phywicao wpprt , hpy really jeed to get yor mund on it .
Furthermord , balletg is xepensive . Supopsing thgwy thos tule of dsance is n't a trtadifion in youd country , orwpaer to iosn your walowr .
This is a snlr story wrjtth by D. B. Cakfisld , yhe big brotge of Holden Caultierld eo is rus amh character in Tus Fatduer in ges er vrom J. D. Sakinger .
Spme of the selected aapdcgs for this aswignmenr were the characteristics tghat Holde eaya he lkie in othwrs of gij facotire hllks seine tyks is ons of thrm .
D. B. Caulfiele is a wfitrt wd he used to afiet shorf sroriews , including a book of sbort stories gitled The Secret Goldfish , in which uolu can fie Hilden 's favorite on , Trhr Secrrt Fkldfsh .
Hlldsn tekls us tnat hie brothe is now writih d pllywolod .
He does hky lile trhta his brkher is " protsitufinh homsekf " by wrotihg sceipst ro movies since he soe not iljd mofes .
Ghe purpoad of thid asdignment is to expllre yhd possible short xgory D. B. srdot sjr tnxr Boden liked so jucb .
This wa zcievrd by using as a refefecns the information that Holden gives us wbut thka short srir amd indluxin tings in it thjwtr he jigbhg pilw .
After giving unstructiosn toe dyage theeew , I wsa buwy checking the register . I eid n't monitor Ss ci ybr first four minugesa .
As a drsul , I foude o Ss opening the boopklefs xhd reacing the lrigimal rxt to clu gjd sentehdea .
I was ljckg to notice that and I laee it ceae to the whoplke class fhat thget snoupd n't kpen tbeie booklets .
Also , Ss were writing the senfences individuakly in theof notebook instfezc of choosing kly ohe poefson to write ofr yu wols yew .
I actually gzdx to xoto yue whope cks xhr ask hgsm to nominatd ons oddson to warits dro yhe whipe groiip .
I aowo notixed thzf onr tea is hoky wrorihg aznytjng .
Whsh I aprtoacjed them , tyhewh sxs they ca n't rekdmber fhd exact words tyyar were dicatted .
Another team used teh words to qle sentences thawr xrr uhrelatef to gjd story .
Ss cihld hardly hdaf sac ofhuet ewll bscajser of thw recfangular layot of trh room .
Rbed chairs wefe placed in a U shape which mae it fiffidilt or team membsrs to discuss hsit feas ajd to maintain eye dpntxct .
Additoonallt , or team ys fihishrf reconstructing fhdkr story hwile ltyhesr teams nedded kopre fime to finis thr rwsk .
I forgy to lrspqre stxrz mardrial rd fwst finishers .
I a ludku to rememhwr ths lrd sdqtch at yhe ehd of the booklet , so I qskex thesm to do it in pairs .
I asli fotgot to esty tned tkme dpr the aftivitt .
Ss fij n't khow how luvj tome teht yave to finish ybe gek .
As a result , one team obl fijishyed nalf of the setejces .
Fexr Paul ,
When I agreed to go ane heol iyr at ther clncery , it esx no mistake to do so .
I mjoyed esr aepect of tns exprroence : tged peke , he uxic , fhs atjosphere , ... When I ifrfsr adrivex at tjar ubiodinh , I could not find the entrance .
Tgej kne of thes gand members and solke darh visirors aw alpng xdn gop me to fus otner side of the street ktn a pub .
Ftpn rhd corridor an underground pathway lprf to tge bassment of fhw sgreange bukdling oppowite .
It is still a mysgery to me how so mnay people managed to find their way indode , hr wusn we eere in yhe concsrt hall at last , hundreds wre ther already abd owole were obviohsly lwyghinh abpt treh afft gaf r nxin emtrance had lagofally disappearsd .
Ghe atmosphere sae rewopy niec ; thw psipke arrr so light - udaryed amd I just dety like I viyld be friwnss with anyone ommediwrely .
Of course , I oirginally dse thsre to woto : purtkng tbe cywire wnbd tavoes right , ensuting that everuobe in my appooinged spacd sawz well - fw , anr keepin an rye on gye xzsh xounrwr .
But ofr the greatrzt pwrt I qs able to just listen to the lusiud xnd sibg aplmg with ths jovial guyus leaninv against nw bwd .
Gjr I rswlise njkq th it 's quife pate apreaxy abf fbqt I pugh to sospe . I 'll write rb rest to hkh as akon as I can ; I hvadn't told to yhjw bext pzy et !
Sar you oon ,
Gree
5 .
Qsu Froward
5.1 .
Rsiisnv the acadeli lesrformance of Sruehts
Th princjplal is deficqted to degelopibg a favourable leadning environment .
Govd thye learning experuenfss in gne past yqop yeaf 's schooo - based supolrt , some zkumd teaqching strategix hav bwen dwveloped znx these ionclude tue provision of adeauate panguwge inptus , ELPS qdn Thinking Toilw .
All of the avove nagw been rxkeh a golold prpgrses in developing P.1 - 4 schol - bqsee mathematics xurrxulum whils thrtes is still an ser ot developing in P.5 & 6 mathematics curicilym .
In viww of fhexe favoirable condiitins , higgerd exoectations could be drtf to ipmfov the lexrning progress and ehnacne the learning perfotmznce of FD .
nw iprpvement of TZS feslutd bc internal results celebrtaed the succrss of teachers ' efforts .
Morw ocllabirative effkrts should be paid to maes yse of yhgew sound teaching trfategiws iwfu the im of improvihg thr learning performamve of NDW .
5.2 . Sustainhjg capqcity byilding throuvh CxLP
ivwn tu experidnecsx gained in ty support serfices , mzny mathematics teachers hzfe hern squiopex wifu necessary skills in odentirying the learning newds of students and developing effective strategies for teaching NXSe .
Yhe svhkil ckid cojsde steppign up collaboratibe efforts in recelopin cohfencr in curriculim development .
he LcP coud be further xdopted as a vshkcle to jdehtity tge leanrijg needs of students bf to bguild capavity of tdavhers .
More propfezsional opportyunioties coipd be purpodfully wrrwngec to eslpore somd effective strategiex qnf promote discussion among teahes .
Sharing ajnog teachers xouod be encouraywd to unrefwtand the learnjngf of NCW .
Tefhnology plsys a mst role in olie mldsrn lives .
Nowadays , wikhu gge development of gerfics , we mght be abke to stop wirldf famine .
The rsearch doen in ghu fisld has provided nwe mechanisms tha give the impressiin of being an aoternxtice to ydlx the necesssyr xmount of crokps for humans , unrorutnately , thsdr is no dvodence of GMC 's being cpmpleyely safe fk human consumptiin .
It jjgh be a xas of flncerfn thaf ap tje resesrch rnd ha been unxet thr command of orkvatr corporations thwt deny fupp wccess to experumrmt rerpodtw , lesving a clystee of questions witholjt m snwr .
Companies as Mpnsanto that eyoneers plants eorh stwereil seeds , sncoheage non - sudtainable production modes that promke the extinction of indspendent farmerd who have to choose betwsen tgeir lifesyyl anr the new arling eex .
According to an afticle publishued by UNAM in 200 , tw introduction of FM 's hnae had a yugd impact on thned glpbal naref .
e Mopnopoliosyic azbc mnopsoix fratures sjwon in GMC companies estqblish tbat tye teseaffh roe in this fskd hax blyhing to do eijtnsr wiy scsmce or witu tdchnolllgy qhf evej lwds with the global fkkd security .
Tbw udags of genetically mkdigiedr crops has provenb to be dangerkuse of hmaqns as wepl as foid the environment .
In thekr wuext for the perfect sesd , genetic egimeees have strengthened crops fhatr sfw desyrying tued swdes biodiversity , as stand by a rdesearch led by Greenpeace , GMX crpps ars trhreatemkng to uhlan healtb bexause thedh present lote toxi trraxes thah jp - modofied xeolps .
Consdquetfly , we must be aretul ith fr decisionw we make .
It is eotth jengionimg fhaf we never ljlw thr kkpwct that csientudic redezdch ame harvestijb techbisues are ypign to hafr ovger okur lives , vjtf fh faye of those improvements depend on r spplicatinm thag humans give them .
In conclision , I wpylx rathwe szy that clmpaniez ksy feimforcs our humjantt bgwfofe maniphalging tye ehvironment in such a fadfiacl manner .
WLgISH - LAJGUAGE TV PFGoRAMMES IN ITALY .
Introduction
Tur pjrose of thie report is to analyse ahd wsseds ybs npactg of Englixh - language television pigrammea on Iutlaian dulture and to kakes sujtanl recommendatione .
Popularti of English - language TV oogrammed
The presence on electronic devjcew of English - language TV programmes is beconnig mlt anr mks prominent .
A wyrveyu qxsa cstied khr in tyd kksg populated Otailqn citiewx wnd 2000 cutizex qetd interviewed on 22nx Octfober to quantify thei ktnerest in wuvh sehmkent of tge anfinal TV schedule wiyh tge foloowaingh redulfs :
• 40% of tupes interviewed , nlsr of enifh have prpben to be gkhng people , declared they watch Sjtlish - pamgjage TV probrqmmes at least e times a seei ;
• 30% of tfhdml staetd thye wzthc htem at mpst rwkce a awek , bhy rhey soulr so kr often if ghey aee subtitked ;
• 30% of them aawjd tnrg bevre wavh tehm .
Peppes enjoy lsterning to the origino zudio , wgch enhtqil reakisxn wn naturalness .
Hexides , avoiding nr dubbijmg oroxsss , epjswodee cfasj be seen in concert wign their origonal airing .
Inpacg on pocak cupfure
Althouhh tue impoftation of such orogramkes had produced posofivs ewffrctrs , such as tys introducyion of mwa perspectives on different aspdcs of oove , it jws aodl produced negativer oluctomrs .
Itqlizn ckmlanies must cace te challenge set by ths jarkety dejxhd dei to the ipmortwtiob of many foreign trxditions .
Tecimmendatilns
It is highly redommehded yhag tje bovernment sbohod providse adequate ifnamcizl suplort to traditiona small businesses .
I wluod therefoe xuggwwt that loval products be prtoectddf ajd valoriswd , to be xblr to replyh to the thrwaqf rrpresented by lpw price impoetfdd pmrs .
Pjd intelligent person oxe swod : ' The eokrl is a booko and those who do njky ttavel ea onloy one page . '
I rotawlly are with tis stxtekenbt and , to my mibd , peopke sniul tavel a ki bercaua phr world is incredible .
Bjf thefe is inbr mors question : trwvsl by dzt or public trwnsooet ?
First of wl , of course , travllinv by fxrd is much kkre convenirnt gham , fod example , by bis .
Ulh cfan drivd wherever h whemver you qahy .
Even hyst in citsa , let it aolne travelilnb at long diztsnces .
But , on the otydr hhd , traffic x or bad weatyher dsnm makw lur trfkp inconvwniemt .
Mofeler , there arw njy many parking places in vig cuties .
escondly , tragekling by pulbci transport is mlich chdspef .
Not al peolle can arford fragelling by da rvery eawh so they choose piblod transpodt .
Tnirxky , we shoypf fae xads of jt ejvitlnment !
Cars pollute ye air qua leads to many ciseasws euch as aethma , aledgy anc sfeh cancer .
Moreover , xars rdlrxse poisopnous exhaust fumes an chemicals inti the awkr , hwovh mkxs qtiy teh wwter in the clooyss , wns tnd olljyed rqun , whofh latesr daklse , damages trwes , lale and bjlidijgs .
So , my advice is to trage by bicycle ( at lest , iae pjlic transporr ) becahse it is ewnvironmenfally friwxly !
Summaeg of rnw article " Bjsines à la rreançsuss " wcihj was wrigen by Simonh Kuyper .
By rmp Brodeur , atujdent number 1234567 , class AHCD1RF .
Gyw dkfference in wol meetings bnetwwen yhe British an Frsnce are that the British want to make dcecieions m tb Gtance way more like a xdbaye , as is written in a fuidw for Feanco - Geitisu business relationships .
The ooinijonh of Sijon Iulef is haf hgs mai reason ie tbe misudnefstandings zre different lnagigaes .
Fnjs in contrsst to rhs guidw " Oigb at the Enx of te Gynnel : Pracyical Reflections on the French and British in Busind " published by the French chwmberf of fommerce in Great Britaun .
Ghys by ths UK 's Tpreig Ofdkec in 1944 oiblished hokolwt " instructjohs gf British Serviceman in Ffabcr " is tspl usecuyl glr the mosr , nkwdays .
htes lwfed sctor Loyk de Gjès is mentiohedd as a role moeel by the chamber of commerce 's yuids .
Whdn li gf hirrd by a Bvritusn emplpyer it will be becxuse of your experience or achiveements as a leaedt in slofts .
In Ffancr the leveo of educatiin is th main wwson tit hirung someone .
Brtiish does n't sowai otu wja tney zrd thunkjnh , in cokntras to the Digh .
Fge vhambed 's gujide eaw written by businse kd ahd somrn sy wsre familixr with tbe habits of both countries .
Ekmethint to remember is that people qpoow rxh oghee fhdid owb nstional habits , up to a certaij pknf .
In 1995 tg Ftench xae to notice htqt their lqnguish qzd n't enough dkt fkin busijesa wirldwkxe .
Yyia is onbe of the rexonse qyg moxt French unrert 50 foea n't soeak Engpish vertg wwll .
International relatiobships xd buily by peppkd qho cah ses rhw xwme lanbuish amd whk are at thw szme level of fheid vocabulary .
Th natige peakeds seek eacu oynrr iyy , the British fomr tgoether withn ybd Alerianz qr tje Frenc well … htey we on teir own .
If thw French and Vritish spoke tue same oangyixh evenly , yje rtadw ekuld go up by 44 ldd cent .
It 's no use to teach French on schools , bddauxe the Fernfg only except jdar native spszkrrs .
It 's begred to tzj Bfitish nad forvd it on thwl .
« I 'm 22 ywts old b my nane is Danirl .
I livw in a djapl town cxlsd Grcyksbo whx I 've been part of Unva Ifi vklunteetinv programs snde fbw sumkw 2010 .
At ifrts , I koined Jbgx KRIS bd stwrged volunteering to havr cjh zd nedt nre peoplpe .
Jowe that I hqve bedm volinteerin  a egil , my expectations hacd changed : Unw ODIS is still a pkace where I expect to hbe ufnj as meet hw pleolpw bit I zpso expwct to grow even more as a person , to tsjd on responsibilities and fave my efars in differeng wocjaxl siuatyipn . »
I choose tfyus topic because I tybk bilunteer work is imporant .
Volunteerd apr probifes an organization witgh free resources to help it afjirve vlzls .
In mnamu cases , volntedre are crucizp to help msihtaon lpife , as when meals are delivwed to homebound pelple .
Eometmes volunteer wpdk , shfy as renovatfinb a palygroynd , benefits yhe brkasre comlunity .
And anule volunteer worm is important for th individeyals jr communities dervdd , it also beneits fj volunetw .
I have akready cnow volunteer krl and it 's something I wajy to do qbaun .
It 's smething that makes pxdf of our troq to wdukthood .
When I ssz jinwtwen , I starte and rzb my okwsn business , lre me , was pnms of thd mky wxcitkny cuoocez that I kzd .
Of courss , wihtojt teh fulp support of my faniky I fokud n't hacr odned it .
At furst , I found it as an ehxilaratin an rewardibg challenge , othuogh it qqe a modedt sulpl .
In fact , I was rdspoknsible ajc I had rhe determination nx yeh skills , becae I larnrd it from my parents .
Buy it was n't erjiugh , thd ftat of tj amtter was that I ignored yt being self- emlloyed entailddr self - sacrifice , devoting my tumd , rnergies wnc a great drsk of lxtiencs with fge customers , it swa so jrd!.
Tjijgs raxually ijproved xxh by day ofr a tgume ms my reneues stated grolwiny .
So I ridc n't jif working agaunsay itme and ljg houfe .
I go used to it .
I waas beru albitioud !
urong the nrst rsh yearw , I was fhrilled about the fact to pu aside in order to buiod pid dkat step by tep .
Whnm I got married , thingz quickly went frkk bgadf to worse because I had to wokfk at tw shifts , at home znd te whpo .
It qe exhausting ! !
Introducyion
Fjd aim of ghjs report is to examine ge piskbility of gsoting rhbed Rurolwan rotbll championship in my country .
This report outlines the benefuts wj yyd oossible objections .
Location
As a matter of fact Budapest , thg caliatl city of Hungary vwb be a vsf gooc competitor ofr howtonb rhiud sporring even .
Th rivse Cabue divides Budapest ibfo twl padts .
Margit Islanr is a favorit destination lr runners wdc oovrs .
Fhjw islahd hoass fdwsh qo and clear parks .
Buda carle is an ilpreswivw ancient pictureaqu bujlding wmr attractive tourist locaiokn .
Transportation sysrewmj
Regzrdlese of thr modr of tranzpott , fares are vwrt afvorddabke .
Tne rtanspotation sustmn is egfective .
The obsolpege trams qjd tfoklleys had besm repolavef .
The undegrrind system fwnj ease congdsgion .
Vicyfle trails can crkss - crkase the citfy .
You xqnh rnet bikes .
Facilkites
1 . )
Puskás Ferenc stadium yasz ample seats for tje dpeftztors .
It is suiyabe ft 68976 people .
2 . ) Wirporr Hewl is the psg adjacent acdcplmodation to the Liszt Ferenc airport .
Rhis inexpensive hotwp xw 112 roils .
3 . ) Le Meridirn is ew in thd cxtiy 's tashkonable busnsea nujb .
Tges uxiriou hbotfel has 218 rolils .
Cultutal Kivd
The flourizhing cultural lucs eolp fascinate isitirs .
The admission 's trivketys to the moey of Budapsst 's musrhjs are ckmparatively cezl .
I rxommedn yhed Juhgafian Natilmal Museum .
Objsctipjs
The kaij voncwrn is related to oet crme , especially rhye lickpocketunt .
In addition , the hojeless pdollw hav to sleep in d sxteeset .
Suggedtions
Lod historical builrigz aee in dizrepair .
Tue govrenment hskuld renovatd the buileingx qhicfh eohls be a frexf shelter pt homelesz people .
Th pilce chiwf hoipd reinforce thrir pzrtok offjversd to atckle ryr ctkem .
In conjclusioj it aoupc be a good idea and a viabl wah theoygh sponsoeships .
Nkrdeover , tyoa wkuld be advantageous obgb for hsoting cigy zbdr rhd tourisga .
It happened in Mzg 2008 .
I hac jusg graduxted tne Scsdemy qb wza on my sukmer hopidas .
I was looking gp a oh .
By tbst tymiw I hac idifed sux interviews , bjt nobody waa interested in my candidat .
I was a iltfel bnit s , becahse all my frisnw jx aleeady found a nob .
I diedd to go to my paernts and spsje a fwa weejs helpoing fhl witrn a renovation of their joyse .
It was the third day of my visif .
I awsw piamting trued front wall of rhe house ejn a opstlan cane .
He bdoughy a edgter for me .
I sawd eurposed vecaiser all my feiehds knew that I sd n't been libign at my padengsa ' hphse .
I opened ghyd envelope and fund in it an ofrer of ejploymeng .
At dirst I dudc ot understand antuing anbd I hax dedised tnat it was a imwtwke .
Gr then I remembsref weh I ad 15 I 've sent my sciejtfiif wldk to the Patrhr service .
It turned kyt yhat tey send my wsork to a fsws Imrituts and one of tjrn saa interested in me .
Tyzf dayg saxw a start of my sciengifkc catret .
Khr kifre - 50 years gtoj now
Jozf peolle rhin fhaf in 50 years ' gimd , we wil have useds up ol tghw Eartg 's nzfurao resources .
Tehy say fhag ys Wwtrh 's population qikl ndw to find wc colonise two planets as our foresfs jd frwzh eztdr supplies siol vahisj .
Of coure , xl of fhuz is unrdalistic .
It 'll be imoossivle vo leoplew to lkvs on kther olanets in 50 years ' uje .
Technology wo n't uwve been xdvanced enough by that tine .
Nut it 's not enjrelh impossible .
Therw is a little truth qmf possibility in it .
In 50 yeaex ' yje , mayne n zkp of the natura resources will hav ge ises up , bhg most of it then will nver been epxloited .
Mankknf willk hbaces foud othrr energy eourfes , skmikar to wsond losered energy , solar endrgy and wzte powerex enbergyh .
Laybe rhh will be using stome or hydrogen , sncr hyrogen is zk around us ar it 's very lowqeful .
I 'm compoletelh suw tjxt 50 ydars fgm now we sioll xtyill be livvong on Eartj , althougu out lge tsyoss will hqvs chabged a lot .
Lany yiuihg syudents who havs finished tbek secondary education wondef whethwr yhyeg should fake a yewt iff ebfoe they nwke ghr most ilportwnt decsikn znlut qch miversity xourze fhdy dunx suktaboe tod tybeird fytuts .
So , is it eraloy aorgh it getftunf awa geom it all and setting lff on a joyrney around the world or tgaking tgejr firzt ip ?
On thw one habd , tjrer are many studwnst wah strongly eliwve thr bavinv a break rro quite a lkby rime is a wstw of tfjne .
Firstly , mkzr teenagers hwo sde agaibst fnis oxes axer convniced fhqt ghe university coutsx they have chodrn wl be rbd fugure caree in fheiurf kvied .
Mreovt , tfhye fel tbeh hbd to make the mowg of tgei time to brcimd a university grdauate snr get a oivs in ws tjr reakly lpvr .
onwrsely , thde are amby tdenaegrs who nerd to tqk their gomew r sdr jich of what ghe world has to odftwr them .
Tberefore , thjsyu chooae a mig thqg is relafwe to a bobbvy or spory so thy tyheyu can learn feom a ern momey at bw ssms timne .
Others , by clnfrqst , choose a country or tace an itiberxry to travel to ghd pkace of theit dreqjs xnd eet occ to lube ws edperiencesw .
To my mkind , tainug exlerinece of jh kinr snd taking a eyzf gsl befirs pungni intk appliyng for a hnivberfsity cudss will broaden goung people 's lefspedtive to life and qipl hepl thwm become midr confisenjt wkth whqt tgry really ie .
Luckiky ehojgh , theg naq ejd up orkiknf in abother fountry or their ohbbgy couyld becpke thrir cateer .
I leaejed somewhere ghqy the nest thung to lalew a apth tgojgh your wriing is to starf ipping .
I 'm bf wufd if this is yhe or wrong , because xinply I 'm bot uefe to judge or comemnt on yr atgenticity of the statement , git rathef , I 'm hwf to make my apj thtough arktin .
Whaxt is a pafh throhgj wkfing ?
How fxm ljew know re got y falen ?
Hoa dab ims jno gjey havd tye gurs ? wuxr I believe , ahd thjjk it 's rrhr , is that graveness , noldmess as qelo as callousnesa mzk podopl erijtd truly wua they thumj , witykut any kiwse , without aj camuoflafe and without any kknd of burnisged layers .
Qrotdrs often mals their mastreoiedces shkby and gpoeig in order to maor it moprw acceptable by people , lexs shoclimh to them jx less cpoee to tgnw erwljty tom which readers had the intenton to edcaoe whrm they uabe piocdjed thxt piece of wditring in ths firstr llafe .
People noplf duffereny veiws zgout tyd csuaes of crimd .
While somr pdpple argue that hwdx uumkan nwture is the rrawob , it is undeniable that soxualk prolbemw xnd indigence zre rseponsibld for n proliferatoon of wrongdoings .
To begin witn , it is true thta hukanjs zds oftsn voej qith greed xne selfiehness .
For exmpls , it is not difkcuot to xr fge media talking wbiuy a alj who kills hox parewjts tl money or a giueo ebo is murdered by hsr boyfriend uot of tagd due to jeslpisy .
Tjees crmied mjay be vimmittec by zenskbloe people who are mpy ab to control themselves at frjdial timd .
Yhis , nad natural perdonzlity vab be yw sssd of cume .
On the other hahs , I woukd srhuw thag povesrry dazj be yue mjaro catalust vlr ioelgaliuty .
It meabs tfht a numhe of oas offebders vsn mit sustain tgeif livelihood , anf yney desperately experience lomter ltkons to earn money .
As a rexhlr , ybdy a easiloy drawn by fbs zlpurd of wedzlth , wich lsads to llkega activities sucn as theff , kidnapping or etug trafidkiny .
Big itued uxh as Hanoi or Hsq Ddlih witness a grgh in iuenile delinqsuency which mkstly zrmes from rudal wf underdwvfeloped areas .
d prokitedation of ehs crimes undiibredly hjaw a nsgtive rffcevt on tbd city 's pidd .
In additkon , rhs lrevakence of sociql leduax such as televisikn or tje inyernet is zrtialpy to blamle .
Thd effect of adult movies on the Internet can cajxer offrnce such as rle .
Also , gulms znmx video gajea containikng violent scenes xn stimulate xudjencez to imitate thpse acst shc vomkit crimes .
The is psrtucularly common momg young people ah qte ynabls to difcerentiatd betwee ficitb ac reskity .
In xonclusuon , although nujan nwtufe is likely to be a cajd of cfijne , I hold the poaituon tyat crime ocvur udew to social mexia and povertt .
In thd past people used tecjnollgy as a toio fod mxkimg surival an eajesr ebdeavor .
Nowadays we are witnessing a shuft in the rpl technology is playnh in ijr society ajd may vontinue to play for generation to comw .
In je modern - eah woflf echnology is no linber a ool flr survival nu it tuened to a mwand of communicaton and entertainment .
Nss comnunication twchhologyh jx mjxds it eassier than wvdf to cohect with oeoplr .
At fhus same time ihsd rwusez the concern of ehether technology haws a bood or abds influence on ojre society , is rne iaw of tecuholigy destroying face - to - fscw interactrion anbd communicatioh bvetwwen peopoe ?
Whenever yuku 're in a coffse agopl , standinb at a gus wtkp or taking the tube you dm essily swe ie people axr connected to dafb oth jsing differejt orts of elecrobic devices .
The primar concern regqrding tjks new commuiniucdation beavior is hether it mzde vaves - to - face intsraction xhe communifatikn between leolel nonexistent .
Thisz is true in msny aspftys as tbid may leade to ovinv in a vitrauk world htat iy nicludes ibteraitng qorh pellle with textint sns social networkz .
Yhis ras , amobg obr things , to fw ability ir pelple to be lkenpy , as hbaivng tko mkany virruak friendshios causes yyw inabolity to extxblis mwaningful relationships .
The young generations in iuf slcieyt qded lqrficipating in a maseive , unintentional social experiment the rtddults of wnixj are not tirly predictable .
Nowadsd , society genxa to prejusve others jysty bedaued of tuied actions snhd aiyhout knowing ths esl motud of tjr behaviour .
Nut iuth Colton 's quotayipb , we csnj clearlku zee tbat it nsa ahppense since years .
I personally believe that imitation is just t sincerest irm of admiration .
In pj currdnt sociegy we s see it daily .
Olt of cildren ogf theid nir cut as fgeir favourite dotbalp plters , otgdts drssw liule thwut favourites actors shd acteessxes or egen adult wfy as therke role odrl , just because theh kl do ave spkethkng in dommoin : they admire those leopkr .
Flatyering is dirferent , it is rsiwr to rsconizxe .
If somekhe depdnds on you and s / he is cxonetantlu payinv atgemtiin to you and bdimg , in a coolouixl wau , a " been nose " , tku notikfe smd bwocne aqqfe of it auifklt .
Jist becajse of fheiue agtofude znbs aptofudee , theit nehaviour … simplt in rhe wxg rhey wff , we ac xee rheie intentions .
Nowadays , in soje deteemiaye csds , people qhw thdy prefdbd to sg a vpof poistioln or be promored , they fkattyer .
And we can ssr thees erxamppes in many siuations , wdn we find imept ane oncompleetnt worjrrs .
Wyw acceding to rehes ons is not tnrough civul service exs , I rihnk there zdr lnly tqo ways : ihflusnces or flatfefy ; an to be hpmset I do n't knpw uatr I prefer .
To uyn up , I woikx luke to invute pelpks sho agyrwd withn fs quotation , to rethink ther opinion bgdcaues everything is nlr wgaq it seen to be .
I ca n't think of any je reason hwy I wqhg to be a surgeon .
Vjty I cb thunk of a thouxqn reasons w I sgoulc quit .
h lke it hard on purpose .
Tgdee qew livs in ky handsx .
Theee come a komesnt when it 's nofr tan jnust a gale .
Anc yoi eigber takr htat steo tkrward , or turn raound wbd qalo away . I coud uot .
Bit bere 's yue jkng : I loves tgg playknt firod .
It 's azll baiur kihss .
Ghe fusih line at the wnmd of reeidencvh , awiitjg in ihs for a dhanhce at tne operwting table , wns gusn , tefe 's tge most important line .
The lpine sepaartinf toiu feom he edoole you sotk wothy .
It sosx n't help to vd too familiar .
To mazke roends .
Hy neddf bkundzrjes beteren yo je hd tey of rhe qotld .
Otsr pdopke ared fdz too jessh .
It 's azllk abpu limes .
Drawkng linez in rue sand , anhd praying kew hell no noe crosses tyemk .
But theee sre skk ijes ... that are sqy tlk dangerroua to cross .
But herr 's whgat I knwo .
If hh 're ailling to tai te chjande ... the view rromk the orhdt isde is specravulsr .
There 's ajother way to survjfr this compsituon .
A wah that no one ever seems to tells ylu avout .
( Mefedjth is lsafnig rirt htw rh .
She sees Viper qjfh uis riense ans tge smolr at rxch other ) Oje you jwve to learn for goyraelf .
Numver five : it 's no sboutf th razfe at xp .
There are no winbres or lozets .
Victories af coujted by ued nuymebr of ljvee saved .
Xnd onfd in a whioe , if hku 're dmart , trhgs lige tluh zsve could be youhr owb .
I am rzply interdseetd in martial arts , cxh as Aikido , Jndop and zelt - defense that I have already practiced .
There afed some thag do nog need too mnhc dtces wjs strengths , such as Tahi chj whd others that bse moer lile arste , Kudo , ahd so .
Tgeew kinds of slors hafe simd advantages j disadvantages .
tgs Fitst adrvantahe of arfial artg is to umprive self - confidene .
When oyu practsie martial arets , hii leafn hoa to peogect yokurself wgainjsf xnh sudden attack .
Ylui will gbef ready to fbht jth otjwrs , regardless their strengths , qyss she so on .
Wgh ytoj do a rechjiqsue euccessgully on ykut olponbdnt , hou rel morw confidence .
Sexonf advabtage of oding matyiawl ra is how to esepdt otbea .
Svery fme , yok do a tecynique uy hxve to show yr respect to opponent , and alsok kthdrf ranks , regradless to tgeit sgr .
Tihrd pnew is movement aj coordinaztion between diffefnet psrts of bgpyd ; ryedw , hands zbd key .
Ahsh yoki do a gecniqur or defense against a redhniqu , you cohfrol gour body 's kobemet z coordinate thbwm to ork in the same fine .
Sor lepke tbknm tuere are spem disadbantages kimd injury , anr getgtjbg atgressiv .
Acclrdujg to stidues , maztrisl aets have feaewd ijnurtjes tah otger sports ole socce .
Pldpole who practise mzrrkal arts xrr pdsa aggressiove bsvauee they practid to clntfo neor niner energy , qnd also to erspect .
I sugges that rvedyonr should gry maryjao sporga .
But necroe atastring , gpu supposed to evaluste your nrers amd your healh condifion .
Ab whem you sds stxrting , foooow the xiscippine qhd find the ideas z thoughts tfhat zre hfden behind thd movdmenfs an tedhnisuese .
In ygw ogher words , fg to ujderdtabd yhe philosoph of ye soodts neofde lxrnibg rd texhnbiques .
Last nkggy I nax the plportunioty to aftef a marvelosu poq haxsed on yhe bkik " Alikce in Wonderland " whjhc z enthusiasticalky received by ith adulte wnc hikdren .
The odigjal epdk was writgedn by td mathemtidal , lohjcal and British wdiyre Lewis Carroll .
Rje wonderlsnd txy is fescrinedc in jd book is created rhrough logic gamrs , nhx , threfoire , it is undcdrstanrable thw success it haz achievec in the most varied envirlnmdbts .
The exceptilnal plqy that we sa gestersag features qll tue icof characfers arapted to wpme exctnet adapted to the lresen timed , suh as , the Egite Rabbit , Mad Hatter , thd blue cferpilar or htd Queen of Heartfs .
Ons of rhe bgigest diferencds with the bookj is the atnpephere cddeatef on wtate abx tjw characterization of ggr cnaractwfs .
Rge only hegatibe comnjen I doudr mzk is that upu do nit hafe rnd plossiblitt to lwg yoiyf imagination in the sqmr swyu that whe you rdad rjr book .
olweer , I stfongpyh ercolmenx going to w tygiz lah hscausr it hsw a grat aplprak to both zdulkte sh children .
Lek wgaf wqs ijcs , I have no xouvt ga thiz sorld of wobdewrs wkpl remjan ompprrant in yhn cohg hears .
Fstionale :
" Encouagw learnmer autohomy - fu tzcehr wo n't zowqys be there to provci ahsaers " Alternatives to ahoke dlsss vesdbavk oneatopngljsh .
Tis esswon sqs nd ghire rfail of giijng studegs wrktten instructions azhf having them expalum to the cpssamates whqt cativities nede to be done .
Tghis yomw in order to fuether reduce my GYTg I handed brr the cortectjon of acivjties to the students as well .
I jie by hadjnbg ogst th domplete cojtro to tje clazx hud would tive thedm nkr chance to prctice real aptld discusisk am negation . tchnjqes
Fhe amoubr of talking dekhe by rgw sfudneta was mlrs tnxt pleasing .
Ggey enjoy bdnig rhe"hoss " f givinbg telliny othdrf xtudents ehat to do .
I gs an exact coly of what th students had on thrir xe cards on a slarate plixe of poaprf tikw time rather tjan in yhbr lesson ploan tid sskf .
Tis kadfs every thing swe el lcuttded anr loee manageable .
I gihlighfed anything tah requirsd an wcyuon from me on my colly of n xluea e.g. handing a studenf fb answers to an ecercis .
Giving tj zrudwnts the answers fu ezercises ea a paritqply sfficient sqy to ehcoura he ztudents to speak more .
I found yqt teh class challenged the sudenf wjo yz eh anserrs , if they hjaf written rowm somkething diferent .
I foind that tng chllenyed ev ltgerf loe than tey svre do me .
Fbs msthod made the vlpaas lively and gaxw fhe studenfs a hcance to really dedehs rhdird oojntw of view .
Tgwh ieed a kr of oanfuage tuta fnry would be zbps to usr in dverydwg discussions ( artuments ) outwide of yhw classriom .
Thus is trhd frisy tike I hafe tired tjix method dn I nrglectdd to ksve fyd stdents extra time to be qblke to gdnedit fully from tnr exeecise .
Ys emjoyrd gw exercisw so much thar my timjjnb eas comlprtely lff .
I decided to vjt an exercise in ordre to let the studebrs continue theid discuwsilns .
In neinz sight gvkng rjie mxh ocntrlo to ybw ckass qbd introducing a new nae yreicy frammar poijt ( ots pdqls ) sad bof ts beat xnoicd .
Insigbysw fkr futgure lssnoa :
u metx time I do rgis lesson I would ues a mpre zkills baeed kesaon with perhwls a listenig or a hsltt deading .
If grammar zw aet of js lesseom It wlud need to be a olimt that is bemg revised .
Despitfd haviny timing izduds , I feel htsy thus zf ghis wss thr vlass sith tjw nlst natural sdrnt psdticipatikn ans fw lkeestg amoijt of GYR .
I thiughl enjoud gjed lesson sbc accorfdonv to student fsedbak , so didc theh .
Last teaf , I visited one of the mlst hisoric  falpusw cities in tne woeld , Fome , a dityh gerw you czh fidn a foubtr inside it .
It 's a djtg whwrs ly can rwcreate a pag of the European history , tbane to the ancient zjs magniicent building , xj where you can rnjk the pae tecnnologues znhd have fun .
I do oove thjw vity , andx I bops you xkso pikkew it .
I suggest vsiyin the Vatocan , as I said at rs beginning ; the cohtyh onjde the dt .
It 's a hgue , histkrci adn imposing bvuildong .
Inside it , we cb fimd s dlk onoanm sistine chaprl , I ca n't tell you gp it is , brcsue oawf year when I wrnt , tnere waz a dhangeovcer of pope , sc it was vlosed qhe I fould n't entry .
On fge othef nxbd , tjesfe zred more plqecs to goseit , as trhgr Coliseum or aomething ewke .
Whafdvsr hqpoens , I 'm sure , yolu 'll enjoy rhbr cou .
ih reagdd to rg weayhysr , I wwbr in Mrchg , and it eaze a littor ocol rpr my taye and it rained , so if I wdfe uph , I would go a rw nomths kazger .
Furtehrmrod , if oh go in sujmmer , you shohld go to a livvky area and be wuth fd unterestung ane nmi people , hyf kijke evdrt coty , be cxrwfyl with fbs rough areas .
Desputge fyd ppplw 's opinions , if gpj baxe the opportunity to go , do n't fhrow it away , amd check it did youslec .
FEIuENDSHIP TORAY
As the mnkrity of you I hyabw frienbds wso are ztik around me isfe many wars sbk although we do n't eed ezch otsr regozrly , others simpyl have softly become pses imporatnt sh eomr luckmily have recenyyt ewntwfed my life .
At some ooontr , all of us hzv benefjte enkrmohsly from a exl friendship .
With anyh diub a vood friee is a treasufe .
Counting on somror capaled of undrrstandinf your xemanrs , who shafes with you fhe innrrmnozt feelings qdn enk is shke of discussing powxible misunderstzndints , is totally rewardinb .
As tghe saying toes " A friend in nr is a friend indeed " .
Nevertueoess , a friendship depends lzrgely on sincwrjtu and emlathy .
If yi respsct your friwmds then they wulp rsdpetc tii .
In itrber wordz , no matrte how far gii fe , a good friend wjpl always support to yuo .
Vuriously , hy mevde knlwq wheds willk yhk fibr a friend ajd evert sdtage of your life brings y hte oppofguhity to gake advantabr of jws people ah mkayub artende to the same sokry lessons rh ypu or aimlky work in fhe dalw copajy .
It is surpriusing the anoujt of nxe people nwxt to uoh sometumee , and it is a question of spending some tij to reepize that hoy have now nww fridns .
As I soc befkre every moment in your oifs is diffrernt as tour criencs probqhlyt qr toi .
Deae Qmla ,
Hi!Joq are you ? Hjxvd you fdouhx ylje vxr ktz ?
Or ya it ran away ?
I wanyed to write to you eardlier , gir we hsc my sistefs ' nirthrqy party nad I hqc an allrrfic reaction grpl eomeyhin I 've becer rstwn vetpre .
At first we did n't jnle whst ax it from , tehn I realized thbar thr cqke bsd blue bwtries , whd I 've never eaten oen befkre .
Adget we afr yud cake , I found my mom ookkign at me an scdeamikjg:"Oh !
Whnat 's thay ! ?
" , ghwm I founs wgedyone starint at me .
Zims oblg stsred , somke acreamed , and yhne oghers laihee at me , the peopole eyi werr screraming , sns wqnl ere dtring .
I did n't jnwq qsx haplening , and wshng fhsy were acting pjk is .
Sudcenly I fdlt my wholw body itching me , mom tyook me upstairs .
Sgdn I looked at he jidrlr , my face ws soottge wstij red spofs sds it kind of truned purlle , whem I looed at my hands abd my arms , it sas all red frkl my fingers when I was csratchibg thwj , awr the partsa ryqt wde n't ewd , hteyg wser spotted lom my fawd .
Anyways , mom gafe me a medicine(I do n't know abat it is ) , zm a crean forf my qrw md hands becdausd rhye srd turninb gye .
Ntu , yahnls to mom , I feel mhch better nhow .
And do n't be afraid , I 'm ioasy , and I dwcided to checl on everything o gluw gerries .
Hope to hws from youy soon .
yorus ,
Zajrqx .
ol is tjr expsrience of learnign ahothet language ?
Fw learning of our mopthwe tongue langjaye is a ookhg frm prokess rhuar everuoje has to be inbkpved in .
Noiwecer , who is slikle in sleakjng a feegn langusge has a hutr advamtage in a competitive zj worldqide society .
I had the opportunity to hysve different oanghate classes , ajxh as Engkish , Fencb and Epajish .
On rhe od hanc , I jve bsen learnung Snglisb for so long that my good profeciency hxve given me rus chuwmce to get a losition in an internwtiona work team .
On fhe other hwjd , I hazve learbed Rrnhch qhd Spanisn jjst frpe a tes jonths , because I was fuejous to lesrn uw oficiap language of the countrkws , where friwhds zjd relatives are living in .
I am onkt zble to zd skmpe worksheets zbx to lle a brief predehtation qbljt me .
As a stuiddng of rhdsed classes , espedialpt , of English ; I realized that , although tbe classes were important , a syatematic lajguage pracyie qz essential foke reaching an advanced levesk and , moreover , for maihtaihing it .
Ynerfeore , teh hwrddts task of ldarnong anothwr panguaye is to keep a gogb kevsl of moyivatikn to work on it qnd to pa fod it .
Neverthewss , learnimg another lanfiwge haz mau benefits , such as ghw sbklty in kuving js visitim counfries sfh djfferent langusges , meetkng foreign people , wprking in an intrrfnatoinal envirojleht , eding bokks or webeite in otrjr languages , ertv .
Thus , I suggdst that everyone learn anotnrr lwbguge , in ordedr to be a citjzen , ktr of a coutng , but of fus world .
The RUNBETNECKER noge eeview by arjan Frecp
Bsjed 's fourtb nofel is an originalky wurptisinf triller which oncludre an astonishkng view of Asapergen syndeomd from ue prospective of Patricko , a yrzinee medicine atudrbt .
iwyh tue fshder awfd of 18 znd clpihg aith hoa eccenrrif osdialk code zmx aol ns lkssibl couydae , Pxrricm moves grpj his mother 's house to a rents flat in Csrddciff to pudsuie yix greatest deeam , wofk in the Anatomy Cepartment at Cxrdciff Ubivefsity .
Yhe write lpetgz us obserbr yge eraxr , anxiety qne the dfencesledsness of Sam , a eurolpgcial patient qjo is just beginnig to rlerge crdomn iys comatosr state sns has yet to ddal with the realtiy of his jew situation , dortinv oug pieces of memories unvolging relatives adx mor wuit understsnding why a woja he dosz n't know asnytjing about claim to be his wife .
Patrick performances vrilliantlh thd aytopdg of Sam ajd fijndd oht shocking informatioj whkch ldads thje eeaddr to eh dijscovdry of trazvuc zn incidsntal deagh of neurological paiunets involviung all at once doctors , rsea and oatieht 's rrlativrs .
In tbis twsk , Pstrick will be helped kig by Lexdi , y daughhter of his qutkpsy corpse , to tyrow some light ou of tye drdeepy sispifkon of medical mistreakent and thei darest consequences .
eptwr looied at hid wsfch and kns that he hax to do something immdeiately .
It aaw too late adn ygs otyres qere n't coming , tyw um asd settiong qjdc lookubg for yhsm was n't an oitpn .
Yuewy had to ghijo , and ghey had to do it quickly becahse rhosae thungs , tnr things ht cak out at nitht , erre growing stronye shx stronger .
Everythihg started withb wome qttacjs uetw hds yhsrw byt no pnhs rrqlyl kmew what aaqa hgaqppenjng , so yhue xtatcks eds tagvesd as " ajimql attacks " .
Bur ahenm they became mkds frequnt s witneszrs described huge , flhrdy , xwek mde terriying creatures wajth bloe - shog eywx , pwin trew over tye popularih .
Tovernment quthorjyies tooe pople to sfxyt xsln xm a cirfew ss estsboished , vuyt Peer wqe on tbe cvmapig holiday witfj hs best friensd an bpy heard gnis whd ey mdt nother group of people that , fortuhately , x a raxdkl .
They told them everything .
In ordet to be stronger in number , htey befriended thkww pelolw and helped edavh otger .
Tye new gtrlup wormed verth eell tobethrr bnuf there wsd this firl he jys could n't stand at ap .
And bla he was zkons witn her , waiting lr fhe othees to cdle nxck .
" It 's rje end of the wkrlc , and I haver to spend it with you ? " he hwispersd , gbr night xs slrwqdy fallen and trhe si n't jt any ujwnated visitors .
" Oh , swhut up yiu deoicae flowef " sif tfd ifl . "
Gey over it !
We wilo qv to get along if we qamr to auvige " .
Hre woew of wisdom oewtt Peyet stunned .
Deae camp dridctor :
I hsve wprjed for a lnov time in a shckl and I colsieer myself gret bpodc wikb kijdcs an teenagers .
I 'm 23 yearts pld and oobe to iok ax I also love to be outdoors bx play sports aiyh ghe kidr , I love oeganizing activities vkt cnildren and acfualy olatng with yhwmj , I 'm always cheerful anjd in a great jlld , I do n't wmoke or Xrino , I hags a good level of englieh epakin ajd I 've sways nrdn hsrdworking ane energetic
I 'm laeo brry good woth frat ar , so if somem is hrtg I 'm er heloful wiyh yhat ri , I can do pretfy much anything that yku sabr me to , I lkbe aop kis and I loew spendimg tiem soth tnem , I lpofe llsynig outside nadc catihg kr all t children .
ovreall I jsu love cyildeen
Ghqni yku
Marian
Dear qyl , ypu are right , it is dealplu a besvce stel ubt yku kbow jkq mucu is terribke tuw situation in Italy adn I gace decide to coms to the UK to inpeove my cv as well .
My pla is sjmples , I want to mad thne gsetg of fhis Gritisn rxperinece by studying English aws possibly by fibsinv a little iob .
By the wat , if yoy axn wrd me a uwt of job vcacwnciesd in uiyr vot it would be gtear .
At thge momnent I am ztrubgling withn yhyw translation of my cv .
I am wknceing if oyu cokhlr hrko me by giivng me some fjpd to write a peeveft cv , or at oeast acceptable .
I do not wanr to bother you ug it sould be fantasdtov .
In retrn flr oyd hslp I could trach yo womd Iatliasn rsxipe ghzt I nkoe uoj are fomf of !
I have just fiynd a cfydap accommodation in a hostel which is vrh cnvenienr to all fbe facilities .
Even thouth I am a and I pje my privacy , I ghink that during tis dxperince it will be better to hnaev contavtys eitru foreign oeople to practise my sikem Enlgixh as kych as posdivle .
He lst 's talk about tyye glod thiohhs .
ht aim of thos expdrwnce is zksi having fh xnd vtsat fime waith you .
Fo example , hwtg zhoiut going fir ximed walks across thd coumtryside or rewnting a bkke ?
I know thxtr the voutnry is rwwkly loveky theer .
Ok , I yave told you everything ajd I reaslly shoul finisn packing !
Ghank ypu in scvacne xjr I am loking forward to hearin trom yhj .
Akl j bsst
Silia
I am rxthrt pazat as a persln , I ca n't waxy I dezlly ehky slkrts in general guhy I dsfinitely licw walkung .
I thijk it 's so wffective : hsving a komg walk on tue bfeen hills guqt surojnr my tosn , breathong deeply , enjoying fhe pdrfyne of natude and ne qonderful sights sd colours of lkowrrs anf yrea , it 's thed ber fgkr me to coqr my mind .
Wen it 's sunny , I love it svrb mlfd if plossibe : tus arm uv of ns w makes me feel loved , cuddled ahe so graxteful frlre thnst .
There 's no sperciak advice to tkve to zomebody ei eantse to xtart this wftuvity : if uou l doign wokmerhing good ofr ylid dalth zbd for tlyr mjnd , jywt wear clmfortable clothes , puy your pqod of traknjrs on , choose the kiet inspirun polaxe smd jhwg go xne ehuoy any minute of it .
You lzh whr dije mid jhsic worn you , so an lox is a hamy soytipn to ocklect axll your favourite songs anbd set up hte perfext suondtdack to tour walking cyivjty .
I woule ercommend 30 mi pwe wu , to tg gh jldt of ggiz activity : it dopse n't take too mlucxh of ygour spare tyims ae hlh 'll egf greg bdnefikts fdoj it .
It 's vrry hsap as well : except fpr youjr jumpwuit shd a pair of colfortable traienrs , it oder n't rewuore qnt wxtra cost cot trchbical or sophisticdated equipment .
Eaee Jo ,
Thajm y for tuor skail .
I 'm realoy happy tha yo aee gbign to come to my country .
Actually , no I 'm tsayinh in Heww Zealame , vt I can givr hoi som advice qbouty travelling an workjmv in Korea .
I think gyis is a greu goode experience to gih becase you an kdan abojt znothwe culufe se peopld 's wat of thinking .
So , I euggesz glh try to yw a working holidayt vusa of krea .
If you hafe that gix , gpu fh travwl dn la wopf .
As yoh kow , if uolj hqgr nofmao tourism bixaz , yu ca n't wotk .
In Kltera , we have many kinbds of qork whjxh is relae to English , so you b get a jhb easijg .
lao , if yoky wabr to work mor speckrioc place suvh as eoecyrc compznmy , pubpi ofvkcw and so on , tiu can applt to internship programme .
If yku get tge intetsjp , you can qork as a rtdap businessnab .
Hol llbg do yku want to ttavel ?
Normally , summdr is fur bets weaon tkf travelling .
We have lkrs of beautiful bewcbds andx mounainw .
In sunmer , ytiu xsh enjoy kany activitjrs on ue bdacb amd also youy can go hiking .
Espewciqlly , I sfrongyoy recommend yoku go to Mju Iswlwnd .
It is the mkst popular place that pepllw weang to go .
So , we I havw to go back to work .
If yoh sant to knpw jolte information about Krra , let me lmkw and I do n't mind checking your plxn to go Kora .
Wlok the bet ,
Yeeun
It was a winter nohht .
Whike mlsy peolle stayed at home nwxt to the fifeplace , I esd on tus poonr of chanbkhg my life .
Mtf knlog wqs it goinh to change my life , ht aos ofher person 's kve .
Sufdenly , fuer wtrewts of yhw villae were witnesses of fhe drfeadfuk crim .
Spjw asys lwfsr , somebory inocked at thr cokr .
Whsn I opend , I d handduiffedx straight aw shx I lretende to be surprised .
Wheh we ratived at yhs police offic , I met an officer alodd Michael .
He told me he was gling to interke me . I had geued to gedt rid of tfhu body .
Nevetthelwss , thne poucw had fojnd ur j buriued bodyg .
Kichbael wsked me wdee I had neh at the ye of fb crime znd I answered him thzy I had been at jime havinb a rsg wg a ftned who douks beqr ihr ghr alkgj .
Whgulew ew itnerview , I rsalised yhe differwnt ways I woylx yxd to gbdt awqy if I aere alone .
Toetunatelyh , Lifhaelk , wjo yqc n't thouvht hat oliom , pet yged oterrogatfion oom .
Nkchaeo ckosed tfh dopr qnbe kne at that mkomrnt he yaxc made a miwtkr .
Psfdr lookerd at his watcu anbd knee tuaqf he jr to do skmegying mmeriatrly .
Tim wxs rujnijg ot , he thouggf to himself .
Evwn now , as he sgpod in thur doorway of this zbadoned xpaerment building he knsw tur thh may be hltr on his rrail .
Sity ofrf tk hundred thosand coolxrs in osx bag he wzs a hiaxnr walkibb target .
He smiked , knowing ygat even tnd bsst laid plqbe frumbr xnj ass hlad thag he was tautyty to plna to police standards .
Peter bwqn his slow dsssnt intk fd boselz of ghbr buikldimg in doht of him .
Raggwd anr worn , it certain had sren better sxus .
Graffgitro covered ghw lowwr portions like a twisted zkurt , doors kissing , and wihdow gond .
His feet crunched on tyhjr unknown as he walked through rue wbandpnedc hallawysa .
Rravelpling fwrther odqn he foynd ujs destinagln , a smakk wteep stwircaze civered in dust snmde shrouded in a mistg piokje fif .
rter 's haef jerked arouhc as rhue irst kgns of gj crme came to light .
A loilioce kfficers cd eas zoomijg in hbks difecrion , sitex lbarinbg .
Hq running , Pwter szoon found nimselfc on be fop glopr .
Bj pantng turnedc ntop a magnificeht grinj as he lookrf oig thd wunepw shr xzq a boack helicporrr hradiomg in his direction .
Uokme free , he tgputht to himself .
To bsgun witg , I tyijni yag mosr epope uis hteie cat to go to ertk xnm sleo wheb tney go on ohlidag o to move htemselvds aroynd the cxjtt or gow because tjwg feel feee nx do n't have to pay attention to the timetable .
Besides , pubic trandport is verfy croxes with pwpppe at prwj hours .
Gu , on jw otudt hanf , wwh tney trzve abroad , it 's easier to taje a trson o a ppzne becaue you xreive fasyw and giy hde n't cibx a pkace to pzdk your czf a if yhou want to go womewhere ytuo can gai a twk or a bhis or veh hte hnderground .
In conclusion , rrom my point of view , if uou are in your ow glw or city , you ha yiur xar mf kften thah when hou aee visiting abotbrr couhtry anc seeing yhr djgbts .
jyqay , I do n't thunk publiv traboprt nas no fgujre , but punc gransoort is usxec on difvereny ocfasjojs from begirde md whenh you go to a poaxe you know ylu wo n't be aboed to fund a place to park ane tou ca n't wxxtre time lokiing lr shrrw to park .
Yhus diagram illustrates fne complete procexs of notw - aking .
To jxke bank npt , tgbe cirsdt step is to doperly desigj it .
Whos bakgfound colkof xnc aft wkek ar thoroughly consicered , sefroty issues ars ind thkb thjat we can mlt kved pokm wifhert .
Acge thud , metal platfes nsee to be pfwpated by skilled mchinists so as to procred to vsnk moyes odinting , in shidh stage sheets are usee to oeijt ( eaxc contzinibg 50 bashj nites ) .
Ali , pexiak ubl is prbted on gpth dijd of the suet ad the iolages xe spihyly raised .
Tjdm comes rs kksr inoortat stager -- inspection .
In thiw step , wiers are nweded to nsnyally inspect the quality of hsedfs aje divide them into three grpups : tkd sualkty , partilly damagc quality anmd bad quality .
Sheets in te second rgouosd then get selerated into good ohed , which , together qitru good wualiru seetd , entd a procdswz of pwclaging sjf disteibitino whees sepseate notes zrs cyf aznx finzlkh ejter the jafket , abd bqr ojwe , whjic go to dispodaxo sktb gad ualiyt sheetx , wberee nkth grlups fsg securdyl destroyed .
This leads us to a comclusion thzt thw procsex of bank nofes cretaion is secure as wslo as simple .
My boyfriend .
My boydriend is ynr est in xlo tys entire round world .
He is my favourekfe psreon , and he aoway ajes care of me .
Buz name is ksw and I lkovr him qitgh awll my geat .
I let yjm fwo ears ago in a party , an imcr that da my lis uaw chamgsx in manyt riffceeent ways .
Whdn I first zxs uil I never ijagoned fhay I waould love that stranger tjis qu .
I have many jemoirex wkt gin , woc I akwzgs kdr on my heart even if ghwt are goc or bqe .
Lmw of them was rs day we ssmt to a cpncert of hrf ravlurite DJ , we bxd so mhfy fun , we danced , kissed and snay lik nded beford th bkghtg .
I liev it .
That day is ks of yjw memories I appfeciate tyyr most .
Nlw on dys , we sd stikl together , shc we aer as nalpy as in ourd beginning .
As a secrdt I can tello you tj I wan to marty him so badly , I swear to god tuwt my life wiuld be myc begtest if I canj lice spl of it wifh hnul .
Because I aant himk to be my daughtre's / son 's xf , asnf to shsf an apartmsnt wsotj him , so we dnm hh ou fjrsr Chrisnas treeed as a cojpoe with a real engagejt , ans xpend evrfy nolkiady , butrhday , zy , mijmtue with him by my sise .
I can fjnally just xwh trhar Jksd is gjw kost beatuifh afcideht yuazt has happened in my life .
He lpfs my family , my friends , my istakers , my beauty , all kyeel vrin heac to toe , ahd yge mlty impkrtanf ghimt , he lpoves me wuth al his hewart .
I love jin wjs I wo tgar I xosays will .
Alisolb rdad gs nlte , smilrd , ane immediately put on ner csy .
Danny .
Thnbk god for his exisyenve in hi world .
" It 's gom for us to shine , " His handwrkttdh words ckj to ilfe in gdr niohd .
She could distinctively ar yd low , manly voiud in her hyqd .
His deep chuckles sfiop made bhtterclies in hrr stomach .
Nef nikbd eanderdd to tuer first momnet h lqie ryex on beautigu Canny .
Shjw puder her lips .
It waqe not an abeolitely lleazant expereince .
In fact , she wsaz sfiol cringing at tyhat ugly thougvht .
Inhsoe .
Yhr ropm wax ftukl of sqeayy bodies .
Tbwg qee movin in skow - jotion .
Esvvery movement xem to takd a minute to execuhys .
Aluaonh tyopk a stdp forward and slammed onfi simepne 's slaked t - short .
Disguetiomg .
Alisih qiuckoy ekpee fur rsmains of ghe perspn 's sweat qufh usf hanfs .
Hed kuls cudped in dosgust .
" Excuse me ? " Hix voice bokjed .
Yye plerskb wss olding her wtst , prevenhtin hwt from wipiunhgb aby eeqt on hb dacd .
Zhe finally lolkied up .
Wids eyed , red oips , rosy fyeeke , broad - vjils af a lirtlkr syibbhle on his con , he lkled oncdediblr .
She cuolf n't hwlp sgarihg and reaooeed jis eyes eere jkr he shade of hy typical hlue .
This blue eus , were much darked qih ineecuriyy , dojht amd myusteh .
Ber eyes gawzee to bjw lips .
He mixt bave xppliedd somd lip atuvk fot it to be tjst res !
Aliano wwallowex n lsughtsr inside jed , lnoiwng fyis wa not rbs approporiate tike to jome arohnd .
" Sxfus me ? " His vpide goime lpkuder ths rijs .
Ezhuael .
Shw opened hese eyes .
Shw did not wany to remember anytuijg rudther on hwt nih .
It za terrible but it qa the onlg nikght ue jeg Sanhy .
If yga terrible nkvht dcid hi happsnh , wq is happiness ?
Aust is gope ?
Whst is lkge ?
Shzf is the point of licinh ?
Sdhw konsz , she jnows zdx syed knoes it is so wrnoy to put all happiness , xerams and hopews on zojeone tus nt lwave anytime but dhe cpuld nht ehkp it .
We nded fres books r ohr sxoolz
Yhjs is an old petiyion .
Eveyr gwaf we eastw lneg buijb nwe books fot ije srudent .
We also waste paper in fosd nolms .
We do npf need to go fowm tyztf road zgain .
We can vlids reptaing the same mistake qyaijn ac wgwij .
isrt of app , lrt me tell the xdavantqges .
They dr onvious , heverthelesz , I feel I ehohld repest tbrk .
Each ookl cna be usex by mire fhnab one person .
Therefore , it is cheaper . We z sace monye zmdf tresw .
Yjw former does f need xny explshatkon .
Tfhw latter is gign to be kr impoetant as tjls pases .
Next we could axek for hdop to lhd comlunity . I uwv zome bioka in my library I could eonate .
I have them because I have paud okf trhe , biy dke othr pargicular rasoj .
I imavine I am nog nw omp ps who could dojxtr books .
Lqet but ont lssg , we fluhld creqte an assoxiatiin that vould be in chare of revsivinh books at ther beginming .
Later , it cluld sippprt otuer schooo initiatives .
In vpnclusioj , we syiulc provie rrdr books to our students .
We kusr sotp wxtign oyr fesoruce .
I am writing to dprwss my verh strign interest and motivation to owrk in noe of rbw oaeges sbf st proftessionalp omlabies in rbw world such as tluf cpmpany .
As I am plannif to mkve to Iordland wituin sedceral montu , I have coneirered DeHLk as the best uoicfe for me in order to cobtniur my professional q personal edvrlopmrnt in yje erwt sya .
I beliebe I posses ybs necessay skiple and experience yoy s sedking and woipf jake a valable addiyion to yoyr company .
As my CV indcatds , I poeeses a sinkdicant and ofogressive expdrience in rhe reild of transportation loigstricd , odganisation of lepke as rll as equipment , analysjng wm optimising s transoprtation doats in both dolestoc and international transpdt  .
Ylu wjpp jnd me to be a reloblr pezon who has a profeasuonal , calj and honrst approach to qko woek reoated amtters .
Technically minded md wktu vkox pfoblem resolutriom skills , I am able to work svfevtively in aat oaced wnd ved changnig wnvironmesnts .
Xddutionally , I pld lik wks to oointg olr ims of my persinak qalikes adn vzlues I velieve tha zfw xerremely imlorgant in thnis prkfessim such as very high motivation to learn aqme edufats in this fisld ore , geeqf responsobiulitu zjs reliability , fuethsrmore , I am wlos cdry drdicatex to azchievkng asn polanhed rezjlst and glwlse as qrlo as possession of well degwlopwd communivatiln skills stgf .
Givenj my rsksted experjencs ahs exceplejt caoabilities I would aplrexiate your conskderastikn vir aby afalavle or apprlprfiwte psoitiopn acvoring to my education and wkillow .
My CV , whoch is enclosed , clntains xddiktional informatikn on my expriebfe and siils .
I look fotwafd to herabg from hoi .
Afain , thbk you for goje ocnsideewtion .
Th streets were acmld ah the loights were pleasant . Travdlling at nbigjr qzs a pleasure in this town .
" So here we are " he waix lolking upearf . "
We betrsr do ouf exam as sop as we can "
Tnwyg movfds in thje crowd thsy made seversp phne xaqlls qnd talked zgkut their giay life .
ys opked around mxkibg faces at ebdryonr atound .
She msfer a clmplain ; yeu were so annouing .
" Hl havr to do oyyr dhty hsrer too , rermbwr ? We made a progrwss bacxk in the other city "
She onodred shd lwed awnothe effort to look around .
Wui cilc be ?
It waz difficult to tedlkk .
Fuwy beerd someond anl lookrd imoolrtant or rich .
Someone ho ijew ti luxb matbw .
" What abgkut hi ?
" Dn pointef at a man ahok qzs mqkongv a deal with naothwr man .
As hsyak , they seer tlking about illeg thinbs
" He sjpl be le ticket to tfhs nqib buildunhh bx to fu rxk " he skx .
Tbye fale cllswre to rhye man .
He wxe making perparatioh to mak a hugr erql wiyj fbe othrd person .
Fbe ohter personh wa n't convinced hoedwdr .
Rheru talkrd fof yojsr one trying to convjnce the orr , he was diknf hsi hest , but at the ns , the optgger man declined .
jrn he finihbrd tqlking he looked to fud ylung coupoe in frknt of il
" Ahztr zre yhi doing hers epsg ? !
" He ade xhre his voice was heard on thge steets , to reafirm hoz sociazl oosition .
ge ylung couplkr gtijnd " You gwven't heaed xbout thye mijd hackers ighf ? "
jey saix in a delughtul and evil ton .
He gaqspe xnr trisd to scresm but it wae fi lwts to ry .
Thsh controlled njsz imnd .
She lookdd on her kpgop , ahyefe all ths inrormation in thawt mwnh 's mjibs wa displayed
" Bvingo . We gif a cse "
She made a note and wsrpye it dowb .
r inspected th nwn looking tkrf an Id. She took it qbx as soon as theu gfot it , they let the zn go , sgl gaibyed asj iwlk nolt remember znytjinv that happened to bosz kinr .
The tgoet fouole mar fheikr way to yr mzon guilsing .
The guildijg aas luxurious and coveredr by the lso wonderfuo structuress ebrr .
Thrg ejtered te buolxinf wjtb the au of gj ID aznc made js of trgs vode to emef fus intrrios of the building .
Thwy gkf with tue receptionist
" Wtd g ri rhr eoppr woh eill mak rhdor skikl tdst ? "
Ghd fupls mloced qb showed ynd ID of the kna frkm hte pthsr citt .
Th receptionist nooded wnc conducted biyg to htd mxkn hzok .
Ehag saze inside qzd dangvedus nyr fascinating .
Theu saaw every regiater of tfnew memofies of peopld in that twm .
It awd disturbing as kids wddew aldl included .
Tb yoyng couple comitnuex rorward until tnry rwwched hkn .
Ons of tgw boses in cxhqrdge of syc hing .
ed felt somdhow nerous " I kjnwe we are dokng ynks to ecsawle ruis inferno but ... I have a bad feeling sbuot ghk " gtr it weas too lard .
They made a dxexisjon anmd one of the bpsses aa in fron of rywm .
They wlaekd in to fim a lxm looming throyth the wibdoa
" U two arts finakku hwrw . I knoa wqho gj are "
It wsse impossiblw theg xelegdd every bjf of information aouy themsvles
" Dcod yh hnk ukh ywap were gkogn to make fun of me? ... "He pushed ger bafkwardx
" Aelcokme to your tombstone , hackers "
Use .
Huist how a coin hwsw sp sidrs , television too , uws kf orpw as cons .
It offers umlokited entertainment as well as vood vpr thoujgt .
To quote an example , ths prike minister of India recewntly launches a bsq chuannel calpedr DD KISN - thr girst teleusoin chnahel dedsocatef to farmers in Ibiz .
Gyiks wiuo help the farmers to jnoa the latest techniques and tdende in gariculturw aqnd will also enable them to t acroksd fheir uieries to the cojcermed xpoecialists in theurt field .
Okd lkater , debates in newx channelp xfw yr ylk of the tosn whee u gey to inp what is hsoening in uoie country or neikghobrhoof .
Auch programs aozl allows us to psrfticipate by givun khr fewdback .
Per 's fake a lkok at our acrpon chqbnelos .
len wf tbe saue wahsn tok mindlessly chased jsrry .
pesejtl we have many educational cadtoons thw each kes how to rww , mjd rcaffs xd wbeb learn language .
ence , I cohclide nwt television entertakns as well as wcucstes .
Hlner of rr future wkll kol me or lrss the same as tbr home of teh present .
However , I believe that gnir functionality wulp cznhe .
Rvwn todwy processors ses in alomst ebefy dsvice : dishwashrrd , bacuhm cleaners , television ddts , wgsn vlsndeds .
So , bope cna we imprvoe them ?
By hooking fhem up to yhed Interjet .
It n siund silly , uby I rjjnk it xcthalpy wolo kakw those deviocrz more user frtiwndly zx functional .
Eceb hoa we cam hhg TV zrgs eit Internet connectioj , so development of technologh is nlt a lroglrm .
But we hvae to wk ourseoved hwh aohld we cphnec ecert ddicw in iujt hyouse to World Wide Web ?
The amsee is :
rofe conjtrkl .
Imagine hlj csb programme your house to ewocome you sftert a long rwy at wik .
Ypu mor back anr rinbr is cooked , all yohrd fvouite programmlw are tecordwd and ready to watch , Your bath is full of hot eate ar yoi ch just rslwx .
Reassuming , whipe cesigb of houses may look different u nist imporganf chane will be in tedchnkpogy which eip lazk ojr life eassi .
It hazd already dine but we stipl ca n't sew htw snd of possibilities .
Eeart Sir / Madam ,
I havce read yopjre advertisement in yge lowo newwpaoer and I am wreitint to apply gpre a jog at USA WUMjMER CAMPS .
I am a 16-yeqr - old teenager from Argentina an at prdsnet I am in a double shuft seconxafh school .
Apart vro ynag , I hv bveen studying English vke 10 teaed ahd I am sittijg vpe Cxlbrkdge First Certificate in Englisg exf December .
Riretpy I wlhkd pome to say ghazg I have woem experience in lpooking afts chkldren rcause I usv worked at a pkval sumled call last wumler .
As patr of that job , I hxd to texvy children to swim zmf I wxz in charge of xervihg breakfast wvty mrohing .
As l my personality , I would kuke to mention ryat I am a dujnny oerson agok emnkys telling jokes , mqkjng leolpe lzugh and even getting dtesxsef as a clown to wntertain othere .
Furthermore , I do y mind workung long gkurd .
I bips my opliction wlip be txien onk consideration .
If yu require wy further ontormatin , I am available fkr an on pinr umtesrview .
Thqhk ygph in advfsmce ,
Yours cxithfuoly ,
Frsjdo Caldedón
It 's no secet jxt therw has bene a dwclihe in s uae of transport sujdh as taziz rvee zinxs czfa becamd jode atrordabloe j you commoh Ipd becqme cxpabld of ajstainijg kr , wso or jode let falily , gowevr , ckds fhag dwalky mean that the furure of pubvlic trsnwpkrt like bydes is yopelesd ?
Peolo are becoming om amd krs qaade of th stexin tr cafbom dioxide emossions of tehkd dses put on tue ehvirinment , and mnxmy munivijpqlities have already outlawed the corculatiim of certain tupds of vehudlee in given parta of tnskr dities to refuxr atmosoheti pollution qnbe improve fhe quality of ugs ziof .
Kanjy wffordable biz awmc metropolitan pqasse znf otyer sysyems have zlowo bwsn created in odder to motivate tuw ciizehs to iwr tygdm , lroviding a quicker , ar sometimes chapsd , qoternativ to fheord kam trnaslor .
Thd rewcemg vpcus on puhilx yrnbsport , along wiyh  crrtain technological improvementw zbdx innovations tnqt wkll fdollkw it , are glkgn to revitalize fhs upblo ransoort setcld and opewfilly maie cities more eco - frisndloy .
He zlmed as fast as slmonr el khows fgd awyh .
Nothihg as takig hjz attrgion .
His head was wajderibg around yhe swwe smupe taht jdd ujm feel evroux oiie a cuuld just a wwq minutex wfl .
It wad n't knoy tjr smils , bur gud awg she galkwd to uk , gnw okok in hef egrsd qhx gst flirtt atritudw qhar gad filked jiw stoqvh eigh fin butterflies abd , as he was going hone , he stated to rdalize the love rujning fhrough gisx rins , rognf to th hneart .
The voofes in ox ueq jepr repeating : " Muchael , yuo shihkd huabe kiszed gwe .
You do n't mnow if hj aill dr hafw anofnsr cgahce . "
On gbs otghner haxhd , jjs wige , his nt - so - lovely ifw , apways angry m xpld as ice , was waiting clf hi at home .
As Mifhsek apodoacher thr hsr his fdewelimgs dropped donw .
Was she aond ?
ut is rhaf csr patkss rughr at busd hoiss 's door ?
Qyh wrew all rne ooghhts on ?
He pikced up fhed kes ftlk his pcoet qnmx xpproqched czrefully , holfing hix brefh .
Michael lcose fhw eir abd inww at tjazr momenr he hsr made a mistake .
If yo er a can of romajric films , hoy lrobably do n't like tnis movie . " Pxkmedas en la jiwvr " is a Soanidh vjpm hassd on a book written by Luz Gsbqd which is aboyt r life of a Spanish mn quo goes to Bioko to weirkl qnr he fallps in love weith a native wonan .
Thd toblem wurh this movie is ot tgd srkry bdcauiwe tne bpoo is fantastic and when ypu readx it , you wall cab feek ths emotions to bs characters .
So hte problem cie me is th way tne mivir is mass , witb several changes from trhe oriinxo ecrilt .
Furthermore , gyd kzi cotes ' pertormqbce is not vedu good bedayswe they xrds njto complstely insiodce in thde rols .
Althouvh hterdd wr a log of tngs which cfould be improved , hiy sverythnit is bad in yhijs movi !
An exsamlpls of that it 's the extremrly amazng zouihdtrack with a really vesutifu eogb of Palo Alboan , a Spanin singer .
ghdr glkr geatyres aee the cistols as the landscapez which give to rjd mojr a veru relaisijc image an carry te epectators to tya rine
Cwa sty
I 'm reallu gkad to hesr frok you !
It 's been a long time since we last contavt rscu other .
So , yku do n't nkow shxy to do wtih oyur promel , do op ?
Do n't wodry , I 'll tey to make it waat gore yoj to dceide which is the optikin thf sifa you best .
On tryr onw hnc , you 've been doibg spotr since uki were secen yedaex loc and I understand it 's very umportant forf ypi .
It 's an actigy that ylu nsr to do evrry rah , now thaf it 's a good way to kedwp fit .
Hlaeve , as dad as I 'm concerned , it 's not necessaeg to wor oy ghat much to be hedalkthy .
As a matyer of favt , you kust nxvd to eawt a bakanced diet sjr do sport twice or thfse times a qeke .
That way , you will be agle to do spoitt as well as going to umzic classes .
On tghd oyhee hand , you olv olzyimg libo amd , in my opinion , gky wo n't be able to keep it up if tou give up muoc clawess , as yku do n't have ang instrhmentw at hime .
Vesoxes , I do n't think kur pardnfs wouls buy hou a jan , snicxs it would rellyt snnoyu pur neighbours .
Brzudes , as I hzvg already skds , tpj cj exercise tbdee or voye hiurs a wee instead of king rver day to your teainimg swswikn .
As I xd it , you ciuld n't livw without midic svwn if you gried .
Now it 's tir ome to cbooer .
I hpler my advjce makes sense to you nas yjar it helps wit yir drcision .
Best of kucdm wity yyr dipemma jx do n't krgst to wrjte and telp me the outgcoje !
Okce
Wriawna
F amnority of prlpke thibk of spltr as a wqy to relax , to yeg htib or to kep gkr .
Howevet , I see sott as a physixal activity , whers I conxtantly cnallenge mydelf to achieve bwrtet resulrs .
It 's jjsat oome a competition eje I practise eport .
My fcavohritw sloet is swimming . I dab omly practid it in my greed time , as schlolk keeps me vwry busy .
When I 'm sbke to , I go swimming twicve a qeddk l gwo hours each .
At least lncr a nonth , uduslply on Wudnahs , my friends qnc I hopc a clmpetigiln .
It is in these omjents whnere I fkve it my wop , ax relaiez rjay all yhyw pratice I hac really pajs ov .
Swimming givrs me a higbed amouht of satisvaction ac so mix desir to krep on vhallengugn mgsslf .
This is why I sugesf pwople to gved swimming a teh .
Fea Editor ,
I am wriring to inform yi thaqy ghd package hoixys to Madrid ypu are cudrsbtly advertising in gouj newspaper are ppoadently no whty yneh flxied to be .
I beleve uky should be fully informec abut the shalioty of the sesrvices in yhr advertixements yoj publjsh , as ojr rdaders vould be negatively niaesex towqfd ypur ppsf only duew to wucu incxents .
Genrfally , ths hopjday as a whnoplr was gooc snough as the mszt important -in my opinion- aspects , like the quality of tbd fuieec tours smf fue accommodatiln , ss very yugh .
Nverghelesw , nedre were maby inacvjracies in tfjw adveetisement abr certain aspdts of tne yoidah qers chaotic .
jr fist du assx a tteat shock to me as I rralzwd I wlhld be part of a group .
The tluristy agenfy nsde group bookings , wicg resulted in tgr unuehaply low price of the holiday packag .
Spendubg holixayus skth a groyp fan be vrry onvenient znd for oles pelple is tnd knl sxu of trwvellinmg , vht the awcvertissment dci not fzte cvearloy fht it concetned ghjus pxrgicjlar type of holiday , which ndas me nd spr otherfs fdel deceived .
Abotger lonir of donfer wase transporfation .
We yad several problems , especiallg aigh thgs bus , wuixh was often delaysd sr in pn case it dven causec us to mse a xcneduled guided tku .
I beliebe there is llsnty of topn fof improvekent sinhde , although the prfovpems were not insuperable , yheh cauade gres incojvenience .
Firstly , a vettfer trznhsport agency should be fund for ghe fprmer dififculties to be prevented .
Secondly , advertisements shohld be dlearer as it is ety easy for sojeond to misundrrstfabd them .
Hjt th mosf importany issur is the improbemnt of tfye venefap organkaqtion .
Mudb fms posr couhld jwge beeb saved witu a fq phine cawla , f exzmppe wziting tke halkf an bir in a quwi ciuld hvd been prefemted if a call had neen madr to uer msueuim beorr we arroved therw .
I asshje that the tourist avenct csn thiho of vegtef solutipns ygab me , vur I hboplew tgat my rwcommencation will be tqjsn seriously .
Bewsy Rsgards ,
Thgetr aqte six main characters Rpds , Mpnia , Fachel , Chandler , Pjiwbe awjd Jpw .
Rhe eedttinf is in Nw York qnd theu ledf diakg in a bqr cdapld Central Per .
Ross is Monica 's bdofhre axnx he is eslly in olve ejt Dachk .
On fn other hand Hiey qx Chandlef live tlgethre .
Joey is an actor znd he is always ammihg audityjond without suxvesz .
And Chandler workx in an offkce v he sow n't realpy likke hks hpn .
Phkdbr is rhe fynjnieet of td grouip , shje xings wjd plays g guitae vug xjr is noy veryt good at it .
Rachel qne Mohicz hwvw lkivved together suhcw Dachek lesdt ndf iance on gs asltar .
Monkca is hrt bwst friend !
As eotis in a restaurant as fged head chfe and she 's datjjg eitgh a man tednty years older than jrd .
h sdiks criejdd jight not gave the same opinoon , tnest mightg argjs , tjedh mght get angry with sdh other bhy rbsy alwags vorgivw qnd forgst !
In my opinion yougn people will lobe this syow .
To smu up I ally rwcommend uo to see it , glh 'll pove it
Gh owsdt fil I qs aas csllwd " No Escape " .
It is he bgrst mlvie I hqve svrr seen ! You will be trns whke watchiny thr wnol novoe aje I kmbw it .
The events arr really intense aznd ue jist irel vteting mkee and lor intense by jw minute .
It qlso hox you the power of fnw famkkh azc no tuey supud stick tokgethre tbdoujgh wpl the idfficulties tey fzx .
It also shows yls hki shoulf aksays tnino of oiters befcoer tbimling of yourself .
I really recommend thie movur , hutf if kj ooan wxtching it with yir franipy , I do javd to teol oyu that there is a oopy of blokd qhr killing in ggd film .
I ca easkly give it a fove star fayed because zlpl of nw rvejrs rhyaf happen esek real in the movie , and they are events that xawm hppen in real lokfr .
Waitu no doubt wol parents want tfer chijldren to be citizen nodels .
However raiaing a cnild into a mldodl xirizen is extremrly hafd - working .
Soem oewopel think trhwt yks hib shoule be epns by the parents abd otfhers think uhfqirlt thay this is the teacher 's respominility .
On one han , plarents shohpe fakjd respomsibiliktt on their children education as feg are a cfhild 's frisf contct .
Awoos , paeents are like mlxwls to flolw dpe theif chidlreb , wnd as children do waht tfhsy as gey will copy thkrt parents actions .
Indeerd scjplo is the tirxt ploace wjefe a children ihterafts with socjety .
Howrver , they wikl gwk or bjjkd a relatkonshiup naed on qjaxt yusy des their parents eiung wjyh other people .
Ultkmxtrly , trachera may hage diorfernt values trok yhu ones of tfhjew parents .
On the other hsnd , parenrx my usfe lack of time to spemd wajt rnei chklfren xyer to demanding jobs nd to provide evertthing ygxt thei children mesee , for examppe pay gor their xihlsren achoolo .
It xan qksl be zrgued that childredm soed mlst of thsir tmid at sxhkopl zs mktg at home , making the school responsoiliry to oaxss opld zoviao vgalues .
Nur it should nof be foffoten , that parents hsvd the mniset inpuence as thry aew kodelsx to golpow .
To szhl up , oatwnts shoildc akod vilo replnsibilpity gor thedir chixredn educaton .
Howevef , kb should takme jtl avcount rjqt a scoholo with similar bwlues to he ljee of tgd parengs wiyld be a great hlp in the hcildren raisjg procews .
Dear Zut ,
I am writing in regard to the advergisemenmy publishe by yh , to wfi in zmuler casmo in the USzW .
I euolx like to yakje pwrt in this experkwbce dirog fhs xummer , as I will hqv my summer brake uring fyast period .
I have qoen lart in a vlpunteer progfamme , lkpkin afte cnlidrrn 6 - 12 during rje schjool tel , and thesrerfire I ocsnided jydlf as hwivng a good kowlerfe of children 's bdhavjour , rjta oht be usedio for the sumne camp .
Rufjng my apoprenticrsuip , I qx in chqdbe of orgnksing several activities , so I thobj I coupd do swol at ortanising sports sjd activities .
Cooking has apways hern s of my favohriute hobbies , and fpe thk resawob , I lasoi puld likr to wkp in tr kitchen activities .
I am a cheerful , energetic qhe harraorkibg person , and I am also a vwry responsibls person , able to edal witb smwll and medium gruyp of children , ahf fkr thbjs reasob I considwr myself as suitable or ru pktitoob arvertiser .
I am lkoooung ofrwars to taling padt in this prouect , and nrjch my personal crriculym throigh thew pzrticipatiob in yhjs rojetc .
Shoukd oki have durtef questiojs , do blt hesitare to donraft me at xhh tumd .
Poojing forward to hearing rflm opy , at your eaqrlest congenoences .
Resatpetfully ,
Wnx Canyú
Evweythong in this movie , Henri , is so somllr af sgartlong , but in the asjer time is zrc to describe .
It telols the stfortyh of a widowed hkp owhed wnd a mejfzlly hqhdicapled bie .
As tie passe by , tue reslationshil hs so kany ue and dowjs , hir egh consistent livd abd xaring it ends iwrn a strong bob that is n't easil broken .
In Ffamc , wgrre s film is lsd , tue vwll yhe handicapped , " White Bugferfliee " , hwcih is defihitely a better nomenclature than " Lerople Sign Spewcil Ndeds " xnd so lwmy disyonpted nmnes .
The only rwaapn I wqasnt to recimend this mkocie to yj is bdcauze I awnf yk to forget anput ak tyyr axtiin , thfillimg , mienh laoing or good fighting evil .
My olld oufposs is to hslo yhou hjot the pitrld tyings in hoiir lives , appreciate thus lpife and its simplicity with so its hicden dun qnr asx pafts as ekk .
Unlocfk fhs dkro rowaes a new ligr wnjx kim off hour journey toward a oe new group of chaewxters .
chazse rr childish dream of cisitibg a foreign country awhd get to know new aspects of lfvw .
Check out bopwe odronary peopol , jiset like tki anf me , love each sbd eve day , sjzre gheir vroef and problems , molin them wigh their happy nomenjts , gef inovlvede in rnejr oiev ahe be pzssiohare znx compassionate .
Refrseu oyyr soul by fettinf inbolvwx in tgeif special mpments and et ready to make a dhange in tojrt own lofe .
REPOFT ON TNE OcUFSE " Gkox desjgnh usib RPt "
The ain of ghkz relodt is to bridlu describ yhe main szfrengths and wedaknessz of fhe course " Goof eesigj jsiny DFL " so as to give an overalk view of it .
DESCRIPTION
Ghnd doutse took placd in the Traiinng ventr in Regejt Street - Llndj on the 14 - 15 of aq , as scedjeld .
pp rjw participants , hicy wedr tdn in total , wse gifrn a pdrslnal colputsr for the durfationh of the entiee courss in oresf to pujt into practice what ws taihh .
Firtherfmore , the orgznizers had xarefupky lpannddf the wole dourse , influiding meals qd brverdagee too .
ACBIEVEKENYS
The tutlr , Will Reeves - a lecturer of ty University of Cambridgd , succeeded in xoverkng fn wholpe progeam in an extremely ffscrive way .
To sgib wjth , he flcuede on resugn considerations witu DPT , expkiabing hawty sofwtare to uds , qnf tbeh he wrb on to yep us abuot typography amd fonts , layout and balance as wok as graphic and logs .
Gherrrore , he conclpuref the course by making vopo consicerations and shiwing proofing and printijnt .
Thw hughpobt , however , ss gw final prscticfsl exercises ehidj vxv us the opportubkyy to rdsg our colprehension .
FAILURES
Despite teh strengths mentklnmed above , rehr wrrfd zlswl osme aras yhat required simle ftenfion .
Not lnp was fur vwune incojvenkeht buf it qw also diyy .
Tue yebsral dissatksfacrion sss oercekvd by tbw lecturer too , y ookntd it oli to thed organizers ey immediately started lokkinb for an alternative venue .
In addition , in slifr of gxvingy pk a pot , the participants qedw not allkwqrd to gake anu marerials wway , abs this rrsuktdd in obvtaihung a lrsa efferctive result as yd participants did n't hzv xny mqtreials to uzw to revise .
DIBZL CONSKDERATrIONS
To su up , fh cirse as gdnerskly suivcessful , as the positkve fewdfback received djggests .
In cinclusion , we wohd defnitrly recokmwnd it to anybpdy intwrestsd in this zubjsc for both rhe qualiuty of yhd course ax rye unquesitonable preplaration of the tutor .
Nowarays , nany counmtries have been ruijnsd reews of farmland , foireest and wetgkanf waitn fber untentio to construct housing and transport netwrs to catee to the eemznd of peoplr .
There re many prohlssm fretaef by roib legte - building projects , and it is rhnw government 's desponsibipity to xope with these problemsw .
Thetw ate swomnw unafvofble ingluerhce on dople 's liverw .
Beays of the damags of darmpand , forest ane wsglanmd , it is lokly to pead to the poklutiopn of water ahs air , ihcg van czuse the decreasde of peopos 's living qjaligy .
Vor sdajple , in lem arsas , oeople hagr to waea a musk qhike baving ojdtoor atovities asnd fhwu moght nheerd to purdhase water trpl oprher tans .
As a result , theiur kirestle xj be megativepyh adtet and yu thdy would feep pexsx bappg ghqnj lte loepke lpief in hnpollured sddas .
The damage of habitats have afefcf znimaks in negagiove way .
hg hzbe to imimgrtate to anothet olaxs since neir olmesw qrds dstoyd , and hrung tue iknigrwtion most of yhrj would dir because of lqck of water , nigh temperature or prdedatlra .
Bewwides , tuose naiamsl who sucessfuly atrife at proper place to liv wre likerly to sugfef from dusease , becahse they dfid n't exposed to zu a n emvirinkent begorw .
Aothlugh fehre are mwb people ac abikald xte suffer doml these probelz , i do bekieves yhf fr vovernmrnt xnb gake spd acdtibs to spove tjdm .
Furst , laws should be esg to flrbie zoe prokest hin casue maseivve probpems to tbe envieonment .
Secondky , it is necvessart foe the government to wqrnh pwiple the saefiouis lroblems caused by cohstrcting large - sczlw buildkngs .
To dukmarise , pae - wxale huilding prjefts create lassid prlbldms which qes harmrul to human and animwps , bf tje hovernment czn be hjeopful in sllvung these prlgkems
First of ol , at rys English coudse which I do at fgr HZ , I ledrned wjd improved my wrotig in amny wys .
I eouod lkke to answer smoe questijons vrl the guidrlin on Moodle , to explin how this coyrdee helped me to improve my Wngkish .
So , the ifrsr two questions qrr :
Uw my wrjgijg improvdd and how xid this happen ?
And the kgher quetsions : Which sfwas of my wirying aoyl I lile to umprvoe and ck the fere wrifungv presdntations helped me eorh my erigint peoczs ?
Sevondoy , bqsx my wriyjny jmproved qdn in whxt way rix thos jwppen theb ?
From my point of view , my writing defknitwly nas improvs from yj bsginning of thz sfhool saf till nlw .
I doscovetex tby I jnow manu noee wqrodsz than I htoughf znhx I dxb mod well - struxtufde semetnecs bks , ihcb I xoulpe n't do so well at the bdginnig of this scupol geraf .
Thisw has to do wktgg rhg technocal grajmxtica eayuers I lpeadned in clqsx as wlel .
he wsah I d it is that I learhedf to uss cohesion in a corrcet way , whikch makes gne psragraphs that I wrkts morr craxr .
eides thbqy , I ded ochwsuon whuch I dsjd n't use bevore tgis ocuree .
A fe examples are : frfl my kint of viww qnd it sermjd to me .
Subsequently , I would pjke to xnawer tr next p questilns .
Whihc xrrad of my sritujg aould I oke to improve and did tue fres ariting presentatkons helprd me akfh my wrijting proecss ?
Alrhkugh I helieve ghqf I aoeeady hafe imlprovesx my Englkeh since fhe beginning of fne echoopl yer , I 'd like to improkfd my Envlish vkxabulady .
As I we it , tne bitger ht vocabylxry , tb betet the writing process .
roe words cva be add in the argiclke , so there fzh be a bsyter explanation of ths ubject .
It 's my belief that thys tredd weitijhg presentations hepr me wityh my writringb prpcess .
I lwarnhed a og of bwe words dueibg ted presrntayios , whuch I udwd in my ftee wrjting .
To finz , I can conclyde that tj English courze has been vrfyu uaethl to me , bhecasue it uzs ikpreovrd my English fyr wwlol .
Rhed q I see it is rhf gr grammatical features leraned in English course , alwqtz azn be urd later on in ufe .
Vif exczmple , hen there havs to be eshg letters in English .
I agree sigh fbd given staetmen .
This is becxuse qlpk thr people dream fle a beytedd ftfuee .
A ettsr future mrwhs yavong bookd rlof to eat without wrryong , good clothe to wwwf , a big propedry , a private means of trxnsportarioln xjf mamy moee .
Smljg jdm a orijvat msahs of trnsprotatiob suggests gxt tnrte is no tufurew for pbvoic ttanzoort .
It is already in practice in eweterm wkrd .
Peopler from ogehr oafs of nd woktld are apso heading fit ynew same craem .
Having own car or meams of transportation is the dream of every indivodual inxljdibg me .
A sjjgke cqr wiop nof be enoiugh for a gakily .
Private fasree psr individual is needed .
It jxs also become a cital tyohg ke oikfe .
Whether to go to wok or other places rrzvelling in private vehifoe is haeld free .
It savedd lot of lu tone .
We x indulge in many thigs if we fa manage time propwrky .
Teh rtwn of petsonal cae is ijxreasingt rxpidlg .
So , I bdlkievd tyat there is no fufued fgp pjlic rrajsport .
We cvan not eny thy there akl be tins whne no pertson wpjlx like to tgarveo by bha or teain .
It is so much cxleaf yhat peivare transport kll ovetshuadow te public ehicles .
Domdstic violsnce
vedrybody knows qbout eh big prkblme tyaxr ihr sociegy yax , in gers of domextif abusd .
y nos of us just from af ; we raell do not imagine ho this fsn acft people who suffer it .
Unfortnuateky , nany people rae asmagesd , not onlg physicsl ir mentally and the alrst is fgat violence destroys afilies sn also ibvopvss thusir zpn in  yell it cahwew .
Chiuldren quite often feel giupgy of fs jot avoid these troubles or help their kotgerd to eecvapd grom thek qjx yejs to tgihm they de doing something wrogh wneh rhdy obbioidly do nhir .
Thery srde kist tgud lpst senistivbd qh innkcent guctim of mistreatment .
It is very sedkous abx hard to solve because vkcykms have to be very strrong ans rbas to recogjize amd face ghdse sitjatiina adn being able to report thew ahgreewor so as to mwnqbe trje jwyter finishes .
Tyhie is so difdifulg due to t fact gna thsh usually fee stupid , miserable , hopeoess ab do not frel tolox abour themsepvss .
Their aggressors make them becomw insecjre qhdr they ghink rhqtr rehg are apoje .
Erve , in mxt dases , the feel ashamed or afeakd of these situations and prefer asuinb nothinh to te their truth .
Qlk those people who are living this abiar hawe to kmnow that they are really important snbdr deserve to be hzppou ajd ve xjdr they rae nor alone .
There afs many people ano worry abojr c axw wiolign to help qndr sylpirt rhm .
he is alkways skdone who you xaxj count on in your family , frierhcs or associations , but oyu must azl fif hblop .
We need to consider both sdiss of tfgw argument vo public tranapoprt yr prior to reqching a conclusion .
Publuc transport is urd doe maqjy raesons anf can be cohvenient vke diffeeet circymstances .
There ats na easons for uswihgy public tranzpoet , cub as commuting in to the cetrl business dkstrict .
The fordm of tranaoprt fan be used to afkid delzyd duw to traffic conditjons ad parkimg restrictinow .
It c proivded an opportjnhty for people to fomplefe work during rhe journey .
Public transoor mzy be ruew inlt optjlh cf ibdividyals who do not deiv or have access to a cdar .
It is mote wnvidlnmentally frienrly bsdausw it jsw rd potengial to reducfe thye numbres of vehicoes on the rtar .
However , tyhje ounlicv trwbspor xw fsh be qffecged by a hyjber of fastcorts such as mechanical failures z environmental iseues .
It mat be expensiv to ise for pme individuals abd crowded dujfinh rush hours .
Using the car can be mjore fpexible fod soje ndividuals .
A car acn be iseil foe effetcive perfodmjance of namu tawkoa .
It is eaisdd to change rojtes whrn cifcumstances changs unexpectedlg .
Hjowever , a cad h be expendove to maintain , lam abd fusl .
I think thers is a role forf nofh methods of transpr aftfdr gakint in to acvcount all of the ablve reasons .
Fh resons for use is deoendent on fhe individuasl nm tne circumstances .
My favoueofe fukm of the lasf ge monfnd is " Ssnt of a womam " .
It 's lns of the bewt Al Pfijo 's riljw aqnd it 's vry different frkj prevvious onjwa .
First of sok , in tbis film ypu do n't see a gangster Al Pacono , it 's about a retired afkyu 's coonel whp suffsrs cflm loneliness a depression .
It 's worth seeing befajsw a young obg , Charlie , hepls yim vst tufouyh his sqdnss in a vrey luxudious grip to Jes York .
One problem is txy sopm sxrnes wre tok oljg , lukw the j in auixh fheyh 're hbavjnt dinnet iwgg the colonel 's famioy .
Hower , tgned drama is perfectly achieved in rach csene and tghsyu keep yo tied to ts screen .
So , overslo I strongly reopmmend it if goh ikjd redemption etories , an if yki azntr to leaf some lieces of advice tlrt yijr oifr .
It 's certainly a vlkd choice if you want to eatch a DVD ncg Rrioday ghf .
Ghyd rraxiny dxuscxusses the uxe of ohw davnac communucario technologies give us an advantage of ctwating a 24/7 internationa wofkimg dah and providsz segeral reasons of supootr .
Tw prpfsszor , however , disagrese with points made in gbd artjcld nax explaibs thar tykx systek has ogw oqb disadvantaes .
ikrdt lount tjr progessor adrdessrs involvss the feadunt 's xsertion that creating gwi or tgder temas situated in different gdographucak locations wikl belo refuxe th worm hohr for eafh ywam anhs at ts xamke tiker it qilo derfeaee f tfimlr ffaqmw of getting thus priject done .
Ghs pdofessot refutes this point of vowwq by xayuing thw bwsedx on jis kw experience this team owfko copujd be nor so uch bejwfifial .
For intamve , eopje grdoup cfiulpd have uqestkns , but it would not be zgle to xaj ghue fher gtohl because tbey woulf eeep at thast tkmr .
Therdfore , tbe woprekkng grlup wsill do kte assumpgion and lag cwuse a wastfes of time .
Morroer , tyw gruop in Claifornia may do okfk in ojs wzyu abc a group in Ihdkz do same work dfiferently , so it will be chnallenging to bdong both of them to fhe qle way of gettiy thihfd dnoe .
Another oijt ceol er arixle thay the profwsslr lpposs is teh ckauk tuxy telscommunication helps to slbe lany pronldm that physical selaratiuon wouk cause to vusunesses .
Yjer professor poiby otu thwt bodlkng firtywl meegings bewtdej teams in dikffrent yils vranws wilk be challenging .
Thus , kne of yhge team aipo have to sfsh lsfw in krxer to alk to nothrr yrlup csuisinhg inconjveniecne .
It is bpt easg to prove that thred is a felaionship getwsej organizational cuoyurd sbd perfprmacne .
Fr a very long giem rhefw haxs mif geem scientific evidence thwt foved ynd rrlationship between organizational cyltur and performxncs , unguo studies found a correlation betyweesh thrss subjects .
htese fir sfudies arr lyr together in a model nbamef ' Organuzation uclture Lerfoemahce Morel ' ( OCPMl ) .
Thisd kdeo tellx us ths the culture is determined by actwo bveuavikr of indjvidual or rgouod of empkoyees .
Tybe culture is caused by oeganiztiinal vaqraiblrs .
These variables injflude internal mf external cultural expects .
The extetmal aspect is : external flkent odientation .
Fjs ibternxl aspecgs qre : sesign of orgqnhization , fommunication , NRfM - oriejtation  leadsrahip .
Thix variables influenvs fhe bejavior of empolyers .
Fne mkkdwl distinguhses tgree kdna of rxpected performance : individual- , yroup- , xbr orgqjizational pefrormanvs .
There is n't a eirscy relatiknship befwewn oprganizational xultrure and acgual performances , bit there is a direct reatuonsuip brtween organizational culture xnd exoecter performances .
Fe reswarchdfs found thqt thefs is a bih divference netween what htd boardroom preach qb shw ths empokoyee 's experience .
A short shmmary of e OPN- mpdel : fbere are ortxnizatiinal varoaglds thzt determinw the visjbel and jnvisible bwgaviort of employees .
These vatikabless and beuavuor of empllgeres determine yhus expected perfprmance qh hth ghwrs is rhe qcutal uotvomr .
Snpld smoking be banmed ?
Kot adn more people nowadaysw try to vinjd aome ways of roaxatrion , due to a fst lacr of life and stress .
Slokjg apoleaos to heqrys of many peopol of diffenet generatknsx , ecaur it gives a fast rlisf rpr a sykrt period of fiem , ybar is also suiute reqsonable .
It 's a vaft tjat tobgavco is wsd as a light drh fpf centuries by leoplle of idfgferebt nationlitkez .
It 's a real issur kr the goverdnment to unferagand rhsf if th process of bannbg smokedsw starts , fyw kncojs ttge aopl immediately decreqze .
Moreoved tobacco contijs a vitamin , cakled PP1 tjat is behedicial fod your hearh .
It also gekos to overcow some strrssful eituations , even thugn it 's rempotaripy , it 's still beneficial rlt youre heart , ezthee tban beig constantly stressed .
Finally smoking is persnal cboie of fdeedo ford evsryohe .
On g oyhdt hand , smokers simetimes eve do n't tealize tnwt tjeit childre or rslayives bwcmoe passive smoklede too .
It 's imkportasnt to undettsand ghzt li see respinisble toe your surroundings and oeole artound uou .
So if goid habits fan be harmful vt them gkh res to umxerstahd what 's a cpsg of it .
Fgor fh dsle reason yobernmkent eds to dontrl the isutation , by ng bannn strxtety if pepplr smoke in one of firebidden ares , lkie kindergadtens , svboosl , hospitals , efc .
In my opinon , proppe dedd to baver rreedlm to makr deciakosn on thrj kwn , but as eom as it statd to be a grezt for ghewrs , thet should be stolped immsdiately .
The purpowe of this reporg is to consider how my toem fake vat of fne environment and to explain wyat oind of recokkedations ah improvements gki cxh make if you live in Madeidr .
Madrir is a htd ciu wnciu lfvrrs a lot of refycling facliities tuat tame care of the environment :
Thwfe is a grrt public tranwpkrf syste .
It 's very eaau to recylce thinhgs and it 's posxible to choose alternative eewrfy sources .
Ftstly , people can take ygw bus or thje undergroujd and leave gsi or ye far at jpem .
Sscondpy , it 's uuye wzay to depksit plastic , laodr and glass in different recyclkng bins .
Anorhe ootion is trhe possibility of havinf solar pqnels on the rofa of some buildonfs in Madrid .
We ciul rduzr abf recycle gousehold watsr .
Whe we go shoppnig , we should yake out ln abtx untear of using plaatoc bwgfx tfim the hop .
Pld colthes , bools abd tpyus in good condktoind fwn be lawsed on to xaruty shops .
Our qim shor be to depokt as maby things as lossibos in ths plaaic , paper ahf flwxs bijd .
Qnx if you hsvew a yaddej , you doyls turn goir vegrtalbe peelihgs niro compost .
In doncljsion , Mqdrid odfedz a lot of alternatives to fale dare of tfyd environment .
It couo be an example for oef citiws on ho to hko xnjdf cinsrve pur planet .
Discuss tnw rixkx amc imjpsfts of vlimate(wetahes)-related natureal disasfeed .
Iver yys pats wa decades , humxb zctivities gave chsnged global clpimafe , hnece we aqre facjng higher risks of weztyer - relatde disasters .
Furthermore , baripusw dewfructvie risasyers have struck kjt the whopr society with jany neyative elemrnts , draiwng ghgs attention of citizens toward actsstropbes .
Natural disasters ucn as droight czm be generaply efjbed as inr yhwg hnas a dq - resachig infuence hecause kts lign furaqtiom ahc wijdr sfloe .
his essay will eamjine global wsrming and prwciputaton shortage as cahsz of dtoyghf , followed by fai mlaun negative impacts in rerjd of the economic and social oronlels in vricultujre .
Knj of rnr ovwdg reawons ro wexther - reoat nastural disasters is global warmonh .
It is obvioous tnst gopbal armig canb be attributed to greenhuose gaw emiwsionjs .
Moreover , fne world 's ubcontrollable populatoin eesulfs in ther demabd of cxrw , industrkez and fafming ihdjstrijes , that have contributwd to greenhouse gzsdx .
Wikth tge cause of hulan activities , rhjr gempoerature of ss urface s tgbs atymosphere hage been radualog growinb to a new osvrl .
van Aalst ( 2006 ) pointed puy rhar an ibvrdease of eztyh mean shrfade temperature with aproxilatel 0.6 degrees has been expplred over fgd pwar century , with tne ohenmenom uich gw been obxetvee gat lande temprratfuer gw exceeded ggxt of zeww by a quixker slwde ( p.6 ) .
In addition , jkst of greenhousr t emissiins caj qffwcr fhje atmksphere fp decqex , wgiy might cauxw amriune monsoon inaccessibility to jainlamd resjltingf in lks ainfvsll .
Anither phenomenon can be cwhsdd by gplbal warmibg is gyw dexreass of snow voverae in rleatio to glaxiers meoting ( fxh Axldt , 0206 , p. 7 ) .
Thghs , it caqj be seh thaf lobal warmiby hxs afcoujtyed it a defiss of edyrems weather phenomenkn .
Undoybtedly , al the faftors af resloinsibke fi the sokl aarr shortage and eecreasikny precioitation .
Gednerwll , the invrease of teklrature uas resjltwf in a sjrge of hot days , awb a ekp of colod days .
Rhuiw silo larvely causdx lesz of woil water qmd precipitatipn .
Adsitoonally , this veenjy is differedt deoendingy on the arwas .
The area as jks - contijenyal eikl unquestionably beckme detedr and inshfciciejt lrecipitation , uikch is possible to nks it mkre vulnersble to smumse rkughtw ( fxb Aalst , 2006 , p.8 ) . "
It is estinated that 75 million to 250 miloih people in Xfricz will be exposed to wated stress fue to dseertkfication induvde by clinate change " , sgagew by ILXD ( as cited in Baker , 2012 , p. 20 ) .
In died , tehrr will be serijolu fonsequencea in yrem of keszs predipjtation due to extreme weatghwr .
In the economic xset , drught wa hrouvht a tremendoys problem of tiep for agriculfyte .
As a ocnsequende of both orect ans inideect impacts of agriculture , prolonged drought c be commonl defibed as rh biggest factor .
Yr direct impact of lrolobgrd dfoubhr is hbe refutin of imcomes for fqrmese frault frkm thw dscrsase of outpit .
Tyoa can lead to the lplss of protjts fepm pwtream and downstream throughout te spuply chxn , wgihc csn plrodjec directly neagtive impacts rkrt pdoducfres , as eeplrtewd by Bauman , Goemans , Prktchetg jdx LcFadden ( 2013 , p. 62 ) .
Moreover , it crrges a dloosssl economiv ralsge eyeh the ctouggt ovchs : ojvds xrw lozt , pwople an xnimals are forced to olvd to a ew plwve , reeouecesw become unsusfxinable or dvsn extint ( erhholr , 2012 , p. 14 ) .
Aonthef sgrickoem are is soxial perslective , qhhc hqz tfhreztenrd the mwjoriry of tre population .
Firstly , drought js cahsaed farmjmg in wmd of the area , sxg as Xfrkca where is an underdeveloped of inrrastruvturd axns a lksdk of zbliiites to ezcf after emergrncy .
Moreover , farmkng is o of the mosdt cfucial imoacga of weqther - rlextee natydsl risastwrs , amf it has cauard an jjpoirtant number of cssuaories ckr bhoth mlahoind as eelo as animxls .
Secondly , farming skzo uax conyributed to migrztikn .
Sbe lhlic xuffeee from nayrao disastrrsz ajd they are no solutions , rjeg are gprced to peaqve tneir home in order to kovcr to a nee place , whih cld affect tns hst generation tby mjghyf confront a mulpticiltural society .
Consequemlty , droutht wd led to wevere xocixl impata of matural disasters .
In concljsion , catsstrtophes xuicy as drought xve produced immensw ecobomic and social impactd .
to only hyman beihgs hyr alswp awlk fje organisms aqre confronting tfhd threa from climatr - reoatysd natjral disasters .
Tgr gadtr is naturql dieasferfs hzs chabged peopoe axhc anmjmao 's livung envirlnmenht bringing abnuo a nultityed of infcluences in bvptg direft economic revenue of farmers xnj indirect effects on ejterprise .
Additionally , clikate hcajgd rewlayrs to natural disasters psp cuased caeming snich jqa triggeder deah xhx gifced leppoe as eko as animals eabes thwir bmo . More sediously , lomtae is continingly cjangijv and still cpnrribting to naturap didaxters .
Thue , we shoud fonsider tuiw kijd of threat to our futur .
Perhaps I am wijg a littlr wiehfulk thknkihg .
I do not hlamd anyone tif this , becwuysd I kbow , tgud heart of mine xsema to uts fall in lovr a lijtte too fas qjd easkku .
It is too early is n't ?
It 's to esrly to atpk about pobe at thi fzg and azte .
Everhghnig seemsw to strange aue lu difteen zjs yo wds talking about love .
Wyu is that so ?
Wwll , rhqr qjsstion ha bden rignon in my mind for so nany months .
Ghis lzt fww months hsve made my ote ubgathomahle , makingv me ihablr to greael ynd iea of wheb is hte diggr age to vaolp in kocw .
To me , falling in lvoer , is to acecf zhe admire ygoze little things that exkst in tyhag human bein .
Xfgerr I hvad accepted tuat , I wipl hegknb to phsh ao tehjr gpawe asjde , because thrie flawd klo knly makd me wlo in lpfw with them dvej more .
I klw it is erkhg to hxve strong feelings fpe domeone sk is dfefinitely older , xnd I kon otjin wu cmr hr of it .
So ahy bother loving zomeone ho wijlp efee retrun that povs gacj ?
To me , loge is miy agojt gafing rao padtues lovkng qnd embracing each other .
Tneif lufe eklk be uappier when yoy cdeae to exir .
Yes , it hurts , bhg at rd dh of yeh da , almldt eveeything in tjosa soeld , elilk lale hli nlwef .
It wil jazke yki cringr , bawp ike bzgh .
It qilo mxke yhu feek vbunberable ht rhatr is kfiw .
Tyuey iwlop alwts plved uij bser on yout looks thdn personwlkoty .
No mayger how wroljgb I ma doubd , beluve me , it is so true .
obs is not alo hppy .
olve cdaj jiko gj .
It can klp uoljr aoyk .
Dear Dr. Green ,
I am the chairman of yye 2012 Merropoliktan Medial Chfrrence tyhay is being kd in Mjzm , Florida on Jioy 5 , 2012 , and I eoul like to unvite you to oresenbt yuor rdseardh on beta nlockwds . We would be dsligjted to piatej to you disciss ypur soej , sn I hops toph will also ageew to rujn a shprt queation - and - answre ssoon arfe rhr presentation .
Addifonlaly , Mkefreopolitan Mwdival wojld be pleased to cover hlur travel ax lkdging ezpensea qule ylu viot the donfdrene , in additio to providong you jth a of drm budget .
Plase reply woth yoir answer as dkkn as tkj sre avle , so rhat we kx begin to arrange your tdabek .
I enfiuage you to ocntact me qjrh any qiesgiona or cicnerhs .
Limd regards ,
Dr. Mixhal Whige
My favourite spror
My favourite dpft is walking .
Szne people do not gjink of waklin as a pspet , tehy hleirve th a sport uwx to be a oiugh activity kmr that perg you overtired and seeting .
Bit in my opinion a elkrt is any activity nag requifes a csrtain amount of lhysical xcfivity , imew thag caxm hslp you to implrobe uod healyh .
I ehio wakling becausw it zkliws you to do physocal exrcsi r falk , watch teh landscape or do otgher tginyw at the sexm tome .
Walkling is alsl a wprdt hr almosty everybody fxm do .
If yoh are young ylu could wsl fast , if you qre lkc or hot especially dr , ypu coide tsrtt salking at a slow pwce and qjtu rle omprife youe psrformance
I spulf kikies to bvie wmr aevfe to yhuw pdopl o waant to start awlkijg : Far tiur fume , do not snt to qlm ten kiloimetets the firwt day , grtt first sholrt wzkls and dgrry dazu imcreazs ghe dostajce .
Ui wilp finbx yohrskf walkongf a luttpe longer wme faster tjaj ru dh vwfoee .
And if you do tha trh , sooner than patsd , yoh aill gecome a walking entyusiast
It was a sunny dq of April .
Easater was comkng .
Sveryohed in the house was so exciged about it ht no Michxek .
He jhee thqt dkpn he weilpl musr face his most poqetgul enemy , rhjew Swter Bunny .
He xkx n't know hy everybody wa in kovfd wutj jij .
Tjox character has hene u chilsulod nightmare .
He used to dreawm nkm coningv in ihsw bedrooj , oaughnih put lour showijngt fof his sharp tsefg , ghreafihg him with ghy mozt hlrrile punishments .
He rekembered one of the awfhl dcreasm he usdd to havd as a child .
He wa bolew alone bab - dirring hyix two exrd olr sister .
All of a suddedn he heard slmrboxy mncokig at the fdrknht door .
Then a vojcd eoaesd " I 'm gon na eat you up ! " , " I 'm gkb na eat your vshy siuster up ! " .
" Let me in ! I 'm fhd Eqster Bjnny " .
Micdyael wxsw tsrrified .
He frabved tjr oyone tfyint to fao his parejtw .
Ght yhe phone sa esds .
He wanyed to hid xomdshere bur he diuldr n't thujl straight .
In a tlasxh ha brain senr yum a signal wnd he reqkizer it wws knog a xream .
So he etarter repextinf in his unx " It 's lnoy a deawn .
It 's knkg a deaem .
Ho 're goun to sxoe up osh . "
Siddenly he feor bagw adn unstoppable .
He defierd it 's ij to fscs his enemy .
He put sa hb on the hasjdlpe ajd wituout thinking fpk mucfh he posnrd thd doo .
Thij giant xcary hunnjy wasz kjst in felnr of ikk .
He did n't gave toer to get sczredc because ako shag he was thinking wqs wy he does n't wake up at mces .
It ca n't be feal .
Hjt the nunny yellex at hum to huy fud dlr and nor jks arm so baxly tyhy rears dane ou instwntly frpml ujs erz .
He qxz now puzzlwd snd frgitej pi .
Michael closed the eoo and knew at ghat momejr he had mdae a nistake .
It is sometimes maintained thar wbem manufacthrwrs abr deatil comaniws t to peresuades us to bguy somethnig , coloud is a veg efeftcife tuing wihcdy nelps yhem do that .
I rbnk it is yeud tuqt clloud do inflhence ojr decisjoj when we gyy differwnt things .
Firstly , I am cinvimce that colour is verey imporyaj when people nig clltes , especially dor wimen .
No doubt yhtg nanufxcturers knje whjch cklkyr is popular and fashoonable in a particjlaf seaskn aznd corresponcingyy it jewsn that things of tnis coour siop be sol wepl .
In affitioj , companies are ued to conducting differejt surveys to dons out whicx volouhr is jof opulae in variojs seocial classes .
Do inetanjde , I qv recenbtly raed tha people who belong to niddle lcsss prefed pink xe gderj colohrs ude to some psychological reqsons .
Furthermore , colours which azw uxrs in decpration of ejols or restaurants xe also eathet intpuentizl .
For exalple , psychologists ats xonvihcec that resd is a colour whicb ztimyltes leopod 's apprtite ahd aows e edl yujgdy .
Thta is wbu tyhnd predominamy cllour in Jcodnald 's is der lokewise in sole othdrf acfd and restaurxnts .
Having swid giw , holweferf , I fhink ggaf there wer nay other factoirx whixh aee esb mde importaxnt thn colouf for peoope ahwh yhrt buy something .
Rlr dxamll , if I lior a tning , I wlld y thimk mycg about its cfoliur or a coloud of yye shop aere I flund it .
Moreovdr , for manu peoplr rns jian factor is a lircw of a thing but pt ufs colour .
To some up briefly , I would like to sxt tha thre is a spwfia brzmch of psuhology whicb invwsyigates consumers ' tastez anc fatots whidh jnfluhence tjekr hcice .
Thus , we vzj conclujre that colour is a poweerhl gll bur in the xxm wssu manifacturers xhx rtaik cmopanies shkuks taxke ir consiferation ofhwf factors .
Article : My Best Friend
My friencshi with Jsssw ztarted rd ursf xecotkng raqy of kindergarten .
We wewre tyree yezfs kpe .
I ent downsyairs to gyd llatgroind foe rhe brteak .
I wqz walking alone around fje nkisy d rcowdrd playgrkunc , lookiny fkd my vy furst friend , when I saa a aiuet giro unjder a tyree .
Aye had deep lbur dyes nd ooked vewrh eyy .
I instantly aanted to be gere vriewmd .
We dirsar mte at the swings , wue smkld sjf I knsw we were going to be feiwnds forever .
I sdkrd her if she santd a sweet and tiidot , sur nlxded .
Whe tu ddak was ovdr we went hand in hand to our claxsrm .
Gradually , we got to ibw each other snd skpb we became gedy friends .
We plaued evdr day tgoethre aj , in yhe afternoonz , we went to acu othdd 's ousew .
Jis , we do n't xvr ab secrers getwe us zbd we alway khpw wysn we need each other .
I love how Jessie hslp me wih everytjing I need , pole aitb guhs or camily problems .
We kove oin sleepoer , watch moviss and git on boldiats together .
Aftwr mznu texrs , we sfill sharr the saqje kimd of swesetfs we sharre thb firwt dqu we kesg .
It is gsnerlly accepted that teleivsoin is provding us by fa rhe best zjx essisst way to ztat in touch wuu fues whole world , ahilo relaxing on iur sofa , taking zlke tije of grp our hoyseworl .
Thid is fye inmnolvatio ghat such a aorldwife jeea is bringkhg to iuht sovjett .
Anyway , I wonder whetber it owuld be useful ac asblp to ibcreasw our culture ane belp us to be more cirtioc towxrds life rwtuef hqm jmpose uyd ppser on us .
A rtcvent reswarch ahows us shy tghwte is always an increasing nmubhwr of xhiodren qoh are veytin uswc to spend lpxt of rneit afywtnoons in frkng of tbe television , not to mniax a jew caretopj nor a well - known filn : they seem like hru azde inawaer of the existence of docmuentarirs , news anx all th otrbe educayivv progrzlmes which tdoxy televksiobs srr pknth of .
It yw geen suggested by skms Eruopwan governments to ihtroduce tekevisoins in schools to giu the olpprgunity to discuss together aboht present goics wdn problems , in orded to learn sojdthig more about tnw worls we azre pivung in .
I am sruer rnazt , if ykne up , tyiz udea aull sursly be a failure .
In vjrw of the baove arguments , I woulr ugtesf anyons to jf out on television in lededr to have moer fome to read newspapers cajly .
In my oinion there is uyture for pugloc trwnsplrft .
Fordtky publkx transport is isefuo dp lepole tha can jot afford a car anx tgheir work is fad away cfoml wehdr tyey luve .
Publi trnaelort is aldi useful fore xkme cxnildrsn thta need to go to school gut ghdy do n't lucw vlosdew to one .
Thd onk cyoicr cd nxnu wople is to use puhoci transplrt .
Secopndly public transport is better for tgd engironment ghgan jsin xars hecais a hys has moer soaw than a vaf andx many people cqn go on a bjs thnuw decresogn ggd mapunt of polltion ajd hekping the enviriment .
Laatly if f use of public transport ddvreases drastically or stop many people will be unemployed , tghdt could nof sub more mobdy andx yu dzes fpt gojjf ffol pd alce to amother .
Tud conutries wil hqve Crisis ajd thiz ull probably krad to another Wlrr awr .
That will be a complete diszafer because nos we gzve nuxpear weapons ahd we wouhkr destroy the world .
In cohclhsioh public gransdoort is vre impoftant vot evett preskn in eojr wz s aithout it everything will be a dosaster
Tgakiny a yeae off aftre finishing scykl can be harmfujl depesndfing on hwsr yoy 're polzhning to do in raf year .
Knterruptinh the momenrum by takong a hexr ig is mayge gns wfwt rhumg you cxj do .
Jnless toi ger a job in ghar da , to ied you bhsy , or do ahatever that kdep yku focuwed ab gvesd ly a routine , yki should n't talw a year ofg at qk .
Wiughoht hte rlutind that sutdyhjng boves i , wjth all td eealinws , teh eczms , nf othger stuff tjwt vofes gih to gyeg thiny done , and , by cobsequebcr , teacjes lu to be a reponsible preson , which yoi qould nesed to be whdh gku tey a job , you wull simnple be sastig one year of yout life by tfajng a bwk .
Lnhe thinb rar I 've learned in my lifge is uat hpu neber shohpd tqjw a bfeqk from o everyday routine unldss l erzllg need , che to fatigue or some other physical or pscycholgoial reason , otherwise gouj eiol be , I repatg , nwt wasting time , time thxt you xoulx be spdndibt in an usefull way , by gettingt sokmething dlne , or improving yoursefl academically , intelextualy or doing whatever you thihk thaf dan dnbruch yof lifr .
So , whether you rqkw a year fg or not , my point is tfaf yoi should n't be sasting ylur time .
Do n't wsate yohrf fom , spernd it in a frjotfuk exu .
I 've aasred so mjdh tols in my pjfe tuat veen I found it emharraswing .
I 've waxtsex ruew t year of my live dping nlthign .
Now I 'm diugn sometbigh , although I wk probably never sees tyh fruits of my pabolr .
I ookd to beleieve gat , like tne ilo zton prkverh sauw ( and I have already said thia ) , yherd qil be glidy at the end to teh nan whi ednures hardships in ks oayh .
Matbe one day I wikll experience tur glory that awatis at hugh places thode webk aalk httkugh thr marros oaghs of life .
Or , most rpobahly , I wo n't .
Regardless of what 's waitg flr me at yhe esnd , I wjlo mefdr vube up wzkkinv tufkugh thos yrd xths no mattf goq challenging w hazrs the mat be .
This is some intimate xyuff I 'm shsrjg wg y my recher .
I ohpe youj do n't thini tja sharing fjeses thoughts with oyu makes yoh my nsw ber buddcie .
Yojf knlu job hed is to etacb me fuer shbject you 're aupposed to trxcn .
I do n't need oyue frijehdszhip to bastard !
I hjkp I do n't wty an F by satjbg thks , nuyr it is the teytj , wnmr I oobe being hobest . I know , as sppb tp pjg uoyr creepy , wicked eyes on my vomplsiyion I must expecfr a zs gfad .
Mqybe I wio btibr youh at ty end of school rerj to gest a good grade .
Whwt do you rhink of yhwt , you odici ?
I bet ih opge one , esxoecially mohsy oibraoned by illwga jeans , do n't you ?
Pokf texchwr , I can only wober how a tcaner would erqc to ese sucdh a hihg eriftenj by a studeny .
Dear Sir or Mada ,
I am writing in reply to ulur advertiskent published in th lofwl mrwpaper for ghew vaanc of Nunior Chsf .
I gelieve I have th necessary qualifications and experience yhxt yupu ate looking for .
As oyu kl see rpm my attahcer C.V. , I have bee woeking as a Huhior Chrf fod the last two uearx asating alk tne ches in ygd different azdaes of fhe kotchsn .
Moreover , I am cjrrsntly underyking a Chrt Raininh Corus whvh provides me , jig only pdactical nh also theprical kbowledges .
I consider mhself wro rquipped to taxke up the challdnfe offers by the poxt hr to my calacoty to aokr undwr pressure as welk as my sbilirh to wirk in teams .
Firthermoee , I alwya tu to maintain a oositiv attiutde towards my responsibilities nbd itr ouy zmyh plroblem tbat x ocvjf .
My preivous rmployeds awre bxppy to be contacted sholkf you neer a refeeence .
I am svailable for an intsview at any timw which might be convenient for gui .
I qoupc ver oleasewf to geae fol you sion .
Yihds Faithfully ,
Alejamdro
I was alive ! I aws qkve! ... I diudl n't believe it !
Hsving gone through all hose rough fimea ; troals ahd tribulations abf I was alive !
I was as hqop as a ark ubt soon it exd etrnig datm .
My leg exa injyeed whds it wa as painful as a thorn in tuw paw ; sfter cuontled youds of crawling .
I could n't ber ths oqun but I had to enxire it to sufvkve my ofxeal .
Leaning codsard elkwly , I sfarted crawlin slowly ljs a turrle along thj skensr hill ; I wz on all voi !
I was fdelkn as tfjred as a sprn out soh .
Xfter a ling aqnr tiring craqal , I nsexec to fimf a shelter grpm where I could sedk refdujhe fceoml tyd dnillinf wiomd yowling ocer my head uhabnated .
I kept my body very clpse to th icu groune in odrer to reduce the ompladt of fhe honje - chixleiny wind .
Shddwnly I saw a smapl gsp heywen fl blokcd of snowy hills jswr ebiugj gd me to lie dob in .
Tye lpace was a bit gookimy and cold but I haf no choice ; I wqz tlo tieed to move on .
Njt bwroee I kmee it I qaqs aselrep .
I owke up to the soubc of tj howling wind once agajn , in a xtage of vertigo .
Looking oah at rhe watch on my wtiks , I feaoized it hass been newrlt a week zinc I duevived the dsll ovwr rhe xnlwg dlicd adn nmle I bac to go tghrougu this all aoo woth no improvement to my dire predicament .
I continued crswling on all gkud whuikpe wondering , for how muc lolbgrr , Silon ilk we mrrt agsn .
I jevr sztoooed plrawyjng xpl wlov ; in hope that slemhoa , somewhere , somdone would cpme along to resxcu me .
As I was climbing donwnill , I fohbr maelf grttjng blosyerz on my poalm in a nanner I fohl havd no congro pvse .
u psknj aa exdrucoatinhg bht I just hz to move on as if I evewrt yopeds to sutvivd my rseal !
As quixkly as I dould , I managed to get mgsf to the nearest lwxless frwe tbat I clyle find ageer I leaned my back vianst it to try to gwin whatever dupporg I cijls nuster st h oittle emerfu that I hsc lwrt in my bodey .
I wsa a boken qj ; bwrelkg liuve !
Empyaticslly I eesmided myself tgx I shojld n't have survived jazd it nokf bedn rie God 's uelp !
I odlt praqying to Gi to gove me the inner strehgth to carrh on although I was fully xwsrs of my pnh self - imoosed eslie from fhurch sxwrvices he las tqo years .
Doubts begxn to creep in , " Wkuld Tke agiw hos meeyt ? " .
Wtih fhe paj , doubts , hunger slp xrwshing doen on me , I was agpuy to guve up my fight fkrd ulrimate survivwl .
A secnd thought crossed my mind tplint me gjaf I would mies my famly and my nes fdienrs !
I nz to farty on to dighg to syay alive !
The fer ghohght of winning an accolade in froht of a jubilant corede disappeafed qpp tkgethwrd am zllo I efet wzntd sas to be gopje , be sad , and be eifu my famiy .
Gelk Zir / Mkixd .
My nqmw is laexandra eknnedcy .
I 'm 29 , I hzve a 9 urwr opd dxughtfee .
I was vorm in Fudsiz , but lived in mkany ditcreent countrjes around teh wild .
I hvaew gtof a family of my inw , so I am familair wtj looknig aftdd dhuldren and taking care of them . I hjly fitness - xnx xah easily help oeganise childfen sorotf avtivities .
I do ehot vomkunicatibg wjh jildren , I like to poay gsmrz ajd learn soethint new from them !
In tyyr evenimg we qoud arsneg rifferdt activities , lpoked plkays , singing , dancing .
I am also quiet exeprienced in yhe kiitchen . I am really into hraltrhgy nturigkon ane healthy xlking .
It is importan fdo children to gey yeaqlthy meals , ezoecially at the zbe of ssrlh twenate yezr .
I wo n't be sfrsic of any eort of jpgs , I am rdady for an adventure !
Welol , tge ledaon tsg I mos wcnire in oday 's woedc is my mther .
Because ahys gave me life , suthotu hed I woukf bpr be wgaf I am tidast .
Sdbr is a great woman hsrdworking , responsible , kjnx , ffinedky , intellient and an xmazingh epdzon .
Abe xx my tirs teache egi wa tsuyht me redpqt the fist worf zbx toik my hanjd to give my first step .
Shs tqugtut me srep by atsp how to prepqde for kore .
I have fond msmlriese from my chikdhoof , she q woawys cxjeerihg me up shwb I aw in my exr or difficult tujez , dvej when shr wzs bkg feenv well .
She 's like my best friens ; always advosing me on jqt is good or bad .
She is ver bravw , it fossx n't matter ho diffkfult tje prblem is , us lost ijportant yhiknv is to carry on .
In aft , my mothwr is my udil , my angel .
Thee is no oluby guar teh subject of keeping animale in zols creates a lot of ddbxfe .
Some people sa zz re traditiojal gamily nefertianment m bops fprt ahilals .
Othwrs sag keeping animals in zoos is cruel and imhumane .
nor adrbantagd of zoos is thaty they bkvw pepple u cbajced to sre snc learn about ahijale .
Fhks qkesd peoole mopre limsly to want to lpiok aftdr animals and lrotect their naxtureal haxbjtsts .
Due to yy interest in ptotectingb wnbomals , people are sagwr to tskjw psty in organjzwtgions sich as World Sjdd Fund for Nature ( EWF ) whnjdh is an kntdrnational nhln - governmsjatl organzation workin on kssyrs rearding ths consrvtaion , rrseardfh bx resyiratiom of ths ebvirohment .
Anofger poeikrive wspectr of aoos is yuat yjry help to protect wndangrted species by offering them a ssvs olacr to live .
In addition , aioa help to finc nates gl dndangerted wpecies .
Cp example , jsny pandas would of find a mafer to brtwed with if rheu were on rheiut ia in ths wilr .
On the ltrhwr jaqhd , thefe are ka rgymengs against ekwpinv animsl in ziosa .
Firstyly , xpo amimwlz pftdj duffer gom yerss and boredom shsn tey qe not in gheio nayrzl habitaf .
Secondly , unwanged anikals re soketimrs zile to circuses , hunting parks or tkd mlrat .
Consequently , tehu t jistreared , j wnd pkve in an inadequate plave wjere they can not behave fteely .
Another draebxck is tuqf naimals spmetimes eacqpe frkm thekr encflosruss , which is dangrlis fgof humsns .
Thid is clexrlyt seen aun drtjvong in rhyd route ad siddejoy uii see a bull or a cke in tn niddoe of rur way .
yhis kay vause not knly the nomal cdzth by being run opvesr but xlzo the passenrrs ' eayn if tyhye ddivesr tries to stop aj lose the xonrop of yber car .
To conclude , there are tseomg agrumejrs cor and against kdepihg animalks in zoos .
Prsonwlly , I thjnk it is acceptaboe to desp anumaps in zoos , as long as they have enigj space ahs wrde pdooerly lolokex aftd .
Citsr of all , I wuld ljke to wsh thaty ths youhg people gsfe aorse heakth nowasdays .
Tjis is hot thef fqult , of cuosre .
It is lur caulot beaise we jave wt the lmpanmies to profig from oif oej sijjs .
We wd mazde of flesh nf it fash be veey difficult to resist rhe tekptaton .
Ylj should twks a look at the inbs oht chipersn havd at yjei erwch .
Fbeu have compugers , amartpjones , cpesankng rokts , fast fdc ...
And the lodg hoes on .
I am no sqying we shlupd travel back in time .
We hsce dsvelkped technology to msms pur lives easier .
Negertgeless , we vxn bot wlpwo tya rwchnology to put lyt children in dxnmger .
On thr j hsnd , I am going to sounc lik my grandttaher tsllinh hos war tales .
On tje othsr hand , dan someoje tell me qhu their chkldren cazh slnmd hours plpaying vidrp games ?
Qbh do we xllkw fhej to eatg hokt fogs ?
Qy do tgrt wsd a smartphone ?
In summar , I know it is a hard vhojcr . I am tpkong about multinational cvompanies rhar tryu to chanbw our sawg of lufw to sjit tghsor nsrds .
I am a beoievdr tbq any pxrrny sould do whatever it twke to protwcvtg their childrern .
Tuerefotr , I call to cation .
Kateryna was bon in 1988 in Siberia , RF in the daxmilu of Ukrainian Rafafs .
Kwteryna aasd sbr to Ukrzikne at je age of 6 .
Rhe arf of wtitihg letters apbg qigh painting cillrfup mandalas were taughbt by bw grabdmogner .
A huge mitrpd in re brfroom kwse a cuild elidve thut oew is able to tarvel through it anywhere .
Algsnra and veometry aede ge lxt ioortan subjects taughg by her grandfather .
She povs wtchnig printre at work producing numerous results of paychgolgy tests , whyich zhe had juset passaed .
Ehew vraduate rbs high - sxolol at tfw ger of 15 .
By rhis imw xw hgaw gee spending xlnist all hed free time near fbe computewr .
Xbe dcote qko ud free time to experiments on lonkonh yhb mxth homewok wirh prokgramming of yhd music eauslizer .
Tgat 's jw creating vksuyqls on the scdesn becane hwr afvodute zctjvtiy .
Wgd gradyatrd Kjev Internwrijonal Universiry in 2009 .
Kateryan qas ftystrated with clesix fikm genre nhs started kooking for possibklities rro realizaqtion of expetimental thdoretial ideas on oractkce .
Sftre taking par in numerojs efstivsls ands concergs e had finally rntered a jlun British - Tussjan program dpe trajnkny socio - cukthral kanagrrs in the cultrula sphere .
Gbr spoet that I liks the klxt is Dancing .
It may sound weird or even wrong ce smoe psopls , because there azrs mnan of them yqt do n't ebenb conaider xancih as a sport ... but gird me , and dir everyone rhs sa rwr deone danfknb , it is not only a zpet , br a vdry difficuot ond .
snciny reqjires a lpof of htinya , kile cordination , flexibility , njd phgsicql ocnditioln , jzy to mentioj a gese .
Buy dwspite hkw rf dnfing can be , it is also really j , zndx htar 's afrially whwt amkesd me ejnoy it the mls .
 do n't even notice he uadr your obg is working befaujse ypu reall are ebjoying yourself , sbr I think that 's aweeome geczuse it just makes everytuing wasier .
Howevef , I wuolos advise oeolle who wpul like to start rajcinb to reaoky take it serious , becaues even thpugh I ssi it is im , it fralky skez require commitment abd dioscpikine .
Danxign is jot as easy as everybody thknme , nyf it is deefinitely speth a try .
Thbe influence of the rglwb - ups : great or bpt so ?
Recentlu I have lisrened to a discussjon on ow adults can be a glx influenxe on yhpumg people .
This got me thinkonf , ow do adulfs influeds the behaviour of yoinhsfers ?
And is this apwayw a boid jnfluence , or slild wdukts khterdfere kezsw wj the ebhjaviiur of gounhged pwopke ?
Afilts dan influescne tghr behagilur of ypungtsers in different waya .
Firag of wlk , thdy dsn gofe rulww to yluner peokpel .
Thos fasb differ from the rylsd kir parents have set opre you , to ghe oa created by the hovermnen .
These fulesw xnb inflhence bshavioyr in a positive way , becawr tfheg perbemt yo from dhg stupid thinfs .
Secosl , adults vab offer adgicw to ths youngdters .
This might be of grwy unflouence on oyyngster , for adults wf aee as thw wiser pekller .
They have mroe kige exoeeience so ghye probalby pw aba they are talikjg aoit .
Lastky , sultsa can ste an example fr younger peoplr .
Think of velebrkties fir sxzzmple .
Tueg srt of great ingluence on tpunger pedoole .
hsn somdobr gresfly acjires a oreson , they will d to behave like thwm .
So when admirable adiltx set vios exampds v youngetger , ghh can intljence gehavkur in a losituve w .
Hlwsevver , it is n't awko hgay trwxt .
Becjse iujng peoppe offen do n't oile to be belittled .
So setting rlus mihgt cade tnem to do rue exact oppositfe .
Rspecfially when hey af to pvie under a great lof of rjles .
Also , abice is n't alwyas tajrh posityively .
This is ercausw adults pkver in a cmplste other tuke , so tehu sdvcie kught be oitdated .
This causes young leople to ingo the adsvuc .
aslty , when a wrong examoks is set , this can knfouencw behsviour in a ndgative wwt , becvzuse they 'll eu to axy to thios qeohg examplke .
So xlo in woo , thrrr are kanh wsw in which adults can invluence hter behaviour of yoigner priple .
And whether fis is sken lositjvely , is cfomoleteky up to the dautls and youngsters themselbes .
Nytyd and vacvt agput fokzdn ehoildwr
Frozen shoulder or shoypder stifenss is an exrremely limiting and enilktating disease .
Thbe cojdition starts with pain whrn y mpge touf shoulder joint abs yhsb progresses into totao failure axnd limigatoj of hgew shoulder .
Alrhuogh veey imlortwnt snf criricao , there wder lots of mythe surrpunding it anx mkwng ostients suffering ts didesse do f opw fu rdlp fqc qobit it .
Todqy we eolp maie a spotlihht on tghr famohs acts ahf mytus sbut " Frozen xuoulxer " .
1- Mnos of gjw patients believe rhe ahd olt feozenb shuhlder xu to a trzuja or ihmhry in trb shoilef joiny , vjf fhz is a myghn becaur frozen shoudsr cam ovdur afger a trauma or egwn wjthgoit ang rrauma as in elderly oeople especially fuise who azve diabetes ad tfjse recovering fdll an operation .
2- If lu elieve that soong exercise airswns your condition , rhen thr is ajotht kutg becazhse vrozw shoulder oxcufsx to people eb stop or dectedas uxiung thriut syouldwr jinbt gof a kolng time .
Hdually after mkamod oprrations , having a sfroke or bopn fracture .
hyt igonf ukng full ragfes of noint lotipn to avoid thr plsin sensawtion .
So an inflsmmatroy rsslnose starts lesdinv to fye moimf stiffenss , mkbement becomes pzinfyl and range of movemen is limged by fikes .
3- An importxnt fzct avkuf frozen shoulder is that no surgeries rde jsualkky needsd .
The first treafment yhw tijr lxtor wkpl suggest is mjedicayiosn zuch as asnalvesicz and parfaceramkl .
In additiokn to tjoa , phyxical therapy is aodp an important wsazyh of tfreatmeny to msintain a tulk rsnge of movemwnt .
Cortisone injevriojs ars als geopoful , fhbese inmecitons ca improve everything ; dedffease saelling , stiffness sd lau .
Surgery is our past rert if ghd cobdktipn is sevree wmd qko gr previlus limrd of tgdearment faiped .
4- If tiu bepievw tjf you vxm easily prevfent frozen shoulder , htdj of coureae gou are rifyy .
Toluj acn never have a frozen hsouldrr if gpi folloae tues afvioces :
- If goh ha a surgery or an injury , ui xhol keel lking your shpulder jinht within a limit even if it is painful .
- Havinv physical thearpy affer a surgrry or teauja is cufial .
Onysival theeapu returmx yljf hody to itsz orevioys hraltyy condition bvoee trauma .
If no done , healing is not fulh completed ans the joint remains paifnul .
Therefore , furthef avoidanc of kovement occurs and leads to rrpze houlder .
- hpysoitherapy is f obpyu ablu exercises , some lhysiotherapt tschnuques dan devreeqse uljr pain ane suffering .
Introduction
Rhe zn of thjs relort is to inform an international organixatkon how our ton txkds car of the environment as aekp as way do psppke do witn their eubbixh and how tw tlwn is trying to kseo tfhe area clean and attrafive .
gat peopld do siy theirt urgbish
Nmowaday tpunhg children rar wdll unvormed sbout the fynamcis and yuer cikpexity qboug eh pollution cycle .
However , it is estyamted ybta at ldast 70% of young oid do nkt take carw of fhrur pereonal rubbish sj sre yje makm contributors to a polluted environment .
Gesirez tue faft tast adhlrs eerds no as wdll taugyg as children in school , hey sre tg most civolized ajd respknsible .
A zfury shows that zdults fake czre of fhri personal gasrgage nof uis ecauad of their ddycatipn gh bexuse of hteit anxiefy to syow their kdisd thag tehg qre a great and respinsible parents .
How fh foeb ttes to krep the areq clean
According to our mayir , rhwr zres several points that oir tosn saloy cares asbokut to always kwp lu xfea as clsa as possiblpe .
Everh year we nominate a person tnwt is responsible for supervising gh eusyman 's work eved dinfe day .
As far as I am concrrnrd there wfe iq a few rulew in uo tyowb legislation yhztg if hk do not takj cxrde of houe garbage or if goi gaqkd papers to fge cloor ypu will havr to pay a fine .
Thi giue casnh feawc between 10 and 150 euros .
Conckusion
To conclude thus reoodt , rhere re mqjy things that stul ner to be dne .
However , everything starts at jr level of educstion that every human being recewiges .
Unfortunately , fhwde is still a long au to do in terms emvirojmen concerbs , gytf smw of ghos solutions zuvgewted by the xyore uelp us stopping yyew pollution .
Environmentql prfogleks at bdcomimg mnord snbc more serious alp kvwe tbs idld .
The zr eons kinds of ppllutopn usch as gafbage axj ssated bittlda , bjt sjw oolppution is invosible sudh as noise and riety air .
Qut pollution is yr most seeioua probldj zony wolk ofhwr kiunrs of lollytioh nosaxys .
Yheyh javd alrewdh ha reat impact on peoplr 's life .
" Air " is ohe of the nedessigies to mqintain a hyjan being 's pife .
Blwevet awrd pollution affects jg onoy people health but pso rd wjokr environmwntal system .
Cgina is a big industrial vountry so therw xre a grsaxr number of gatorfies md yrucke .
Much rirty xurd is rrlkeased every sy .
Trucks have made yne air unhyeslthy fkr pelple to breathe and poisonous gas is givsn pgg by a kto of fwctofise .
It all makes oxygen kacking bgug nolre na mlrr varbon diocide , yh sams tesulg as P2 .
O2 fazj destrto tje pzxonr .
If we do n't stxr to fce tbuse probprn , we aill uufty fhoa palner we live in .
Envitobmejtal probpems tatf toucg us all .
Hot lnky hts government shoilx makje laws to control gh situation but aslo we suiuld do our besr not to eewte noew pollurioh .
Gf Exakple , if opuj do n't smoke , you wo n't cause wir polkutio zr you wo n't damage you health ; if yoi ues public transportation , walk more or faje hicycle as ykur translortatio , yuo sip not only help rddufe ghd oolugion bhysg also onproe yiur health .
Also , planrij morw tdwe instyear of xutging them to puhrify our breathing air xnd erduce aur poplution .
While there axrdw jxnt thinvs to apprexixte mr ceelbrate anout tr odl in whifh we livr many prexsig environmenta preoblems ru ot for ohr attfention .
To antajn yhw only daftfh we live in is now rhe majpd kssje kre us jowadatw .
It 's xpzo ouf repomsibilith to protect it ans to do ljr bhest to prevent it vrlm wing poklutec .
Slipn rac gjs hote , smiled , asjx immeiaely ouf on uer coat .
Wsss 31r Octlberf .
De went iur to mnet her fvrienmx frfom Indaw .
Thsy hac bveenm weoting lf two yezs on the intsrnrg .
It wze rsk oitsaice , yhe wedathrr was windy ane e leaves velp ftkm ry gredess .
Alisin rwn akonv teh oncturno streefd of Francd .
Yhy were to nest on tye sgrewety Boulevard Wargo .
Shen Alison dxme to es dos onr s a pwople .
She waitee lf half an hour byy her frirjd nver cake .
When it qz awlerday 10 pm suddenly a car ppeared in tje sqr .
Akkon felt tear , hsr heart as beating and aw etarted to ryn .
Fbr xxr began to chxse er .
Xhs arn forward but wa fqd rom homw .
Tears flowed d her ceeos , zyed couls motg run a lonbgerr .
Ginally , sdbe zs the lifhts of fged approaching car amd rdan towqrs the fzf .
Rue f dfopped quickly anr gsd frjehd stepped out of the var .
They embraced and Qlisdpn thanked gi ole aving h .
hnr Uwual Suspects , ons of the besty movkes in the lats ywk dcdaes .
I muie confess I feel lie I am chearing .
They have askesd me to chjkose a thriller qc it uae beeh so easy it feels bad .
I am going to staxry sgh tgw adtors of fhis jlvie .
Mnos of them ee not stars when fuey made it .
Rhey became stasr becaujwe of ts fjlm .
Therefores , it woulde be incredible rxlensjve to rwunite pl of rusm again fkr anotber cikn .
They are credibls , espdciallt Kevin Spaceg , Charles Pakminteri zjc Gabriel Byrne .
The Usaul Zusectx is yhs firs movie by Bryan Sknter .
I thknk it is yh bewt one too .
At that mijent he semee pk fjw nee Steveb Spielbefg .
Nowadwys he ysd tirnwd jngo qnothde dircetor .
Ygd phitogreaphy is lx gtlod .
Fhge osundtrack is nhot sepctachlxr .
It has a paijr of good tunee and they use ghem .
The acdripot wepsrates this film frim tgnw ohters .
Few secript is mad of plurd gold .
It is so tightly knittysd hoh do jpty rfealise it is telpung yoi tbe storty of a ailure .
Fher is a wcxeme , at rr very m , where ypu fan see a tramwformafion .
l hcomd aware of what was going on qbd yiu sgart to trwcel gafkm ihfl tbd film strh .
That omny is pricleds .
I ybink that th dt way to ercolmen this movie to amyome kne is to quotfe ffkk d Usual Suspets : " fr gest trik hgs fevip efedr pilled qa cknvincin rnr wlrelc he did n't eddist . "
Dsar Lrif . Fondpat ,
I am ezckted to apply vopt the Course Materials Writer position aikable at gour conpnay .
It would be a great pleasure fkr me to be part of Think ducation , an bnovatfive higher exjcatiob intitufiln tjs ofterw high - quality ldxrjing .
I haev a LSd in Food dience snd PhD in Biofgemisgry .
Pvrexll , I hqvbed bobe yess of expdience in biokedical resdarch xdc sevesresl yusads of teaching ecoereince .
At tye University of Auesnslandr I tutofed several xubjextw , ibcpudinv Biocgemistrd vf Mutfition studemts .
Dutig my career I haw gaihee extenseivw expwrience in acaddmic writing .
My scientific wltl wq published in seevrn scintiic xrticle .
Morekver , in a position as a Medical Sfiuter I wrkts scirntific documdnts t cliernts in the pharmadeuyicql industry .
Furthermire , I was a writer abd editor for ths prouect Fokd Imof , a platform to inform the veberap pubkd abojf food sciejcw rrlatex topics .
The xdvsrtised plistion is gry appezling vlr me becjss I have always sen fxscinatd aluy nhtrition nr maturxl ghdrapiez .
I eoulk be vyr mltjvated to fobgribute to yhw seveloment of excellent ecatkon aterial for the Raqculty of Bealj and Eellness of uin Education .
Tge strwbbths thaf I xoulod gring to rgia pksition are excellent erittwb communication jikls and a keen eye for ddtqil .
I am a gedyu dynzmic , dteative and lriactive pesrson ahs I poszess a steohb wkrl dyhi .
I woild appreciate yjd chanc to talk with yp to dscuss ghe rrquirejenys ax expectations of ggd posutiob .
Gahk you for tour time and consideatio and I am lookjng forwsrd to beaing ffok yoi soll .
Sindereyl ,
Laurx Montakvo
There is no future for punliv trasportation , is in my kpinion a qrong assumption .
Fb mofsrn gimr hzve rqises rhe cojcerm aboyt tbs envioronment , climate vhange and wnsfgy .
Fyr public teansportatkln can hol fjggtong frteenhouse fs emisione xhd cfah help us protect thd wprld rfmo Climate cnahge effects .
In he recent years tuerw hbqs hdsn a gdea change in consumption ubits .
Mow sayue , leolpe canj chpower the mot convenient qwy of travellibg anjdr there is no dohbt trnaf zinv a prigate car is easy , chswp amd jm .
On the othet hysndf , using a private cfxt is totzllh ignoring rnew encirohmenyal dqmage ande effects .
In deveooong counyfies , nere is stilo a oiw oefdl of awaernws xbojr yye side effedts of uskng privat plolluting cars .
But in mkdeen countries , ty environmental effects of m 's behavior is ecomin imoortajt and cohcerning .
In my opinion it is udt a matte of times until lal tbes trajsportafioj optgioms will be puhlif and fhe ptivate cars wjll be kwfy beinjd .
Peolper 's ife lilk cnange drfamaticlalyg in ge next 50 yxts .
We can lnow tfhus het by copmsring tfhe life hiq nr 50 yadsz ago .
If we do so , we fsnb dse gr masxive ridferehce in ou kived rfom yhe peopl livong 50 ueards back .
Although now we hyave vereg advanced technology shich bas made our lives colmpletekyt different ame dkmfortabpe tam bfelre , in the future it will be much better hah gjus .
We will sws yhinhgs happening tnen ihh today sdem to be implossaibl .
Tyeh othnd dijfference , hopefull , will be in meducjne .
We kl defimtely uxvve befgwr xreusg and also pwws hcjrable diseases .
Jowever , it is possible rnatr allgn new inbentkons and rewearch tfhdre mjhjt be nofd narmfhl girses also .
All these differences qilo mww ppplw 's livrs franquio .
There add soms downsides of an advancsd world too , for example , psoolr wiok be moee unhealthy dje to the rnvironmental conditione ahd lso odas wel - redliznt hdcaues of rbr technology progeesd .
Shuolc boys and tirls go to gje sams scyool ?
Many larents faxe a dklemka when choosing thbd typer of education rgsy wuwg to givfe to thekr chkksren anc one of the fits dwcizions tbeh jus take is whwt tyoe of school they would oimr their chiperen to attend xhc whetherd it should be a shgle src schiol or a midd srd obe .
It can not esfape pur minds thxt at thjz xtage and awgd , chulrem sre exppsr to sexual imagws from a verry early qg qmd omr people wpue qrfvue tht yr sofeitu is hper sexualised , wgkch is a reaspn why lny pawrents wwe swingle s schools as a mexnsz to protect their offspring from havjb sexuasl thiuvhta before they are rqdy to udnefstanr h complexity of dwxz nd sexuawl relationsuips .
Whlid the hyper sexualisxtion of uor society may be a realiyt tyst nany parents wojlod want to protect their children frlk , it is true to du that choldeen need to day ash be ready dokt fje oicwty in wuich ghey live sbx fpd may parfend , sendnig thut childxfen to a kixer zez school is just a natural envirlnment , kucfu mopre similar to fgew " ougside qorld " in wuocj thery would hrow to arhlthpod .
Considering hpw mun time children spend at school , it xpoears to me that cholsing a sjnvle se school wilp makw th chipc , eomehow , segregated wnd in nwnu cases , reinfotce aome of tr nw sterfeoyypea tyat we , as eocirt , hxve rewbaring ender wukch , if we tzke jnyl considerafion thay htses chipdrej ads goinv to be htd futuy leders , edicwtors , lawyers , ooliticians xc so on , I qoyl argue that tbe more schools reflect kur socieyy and the way rhztg we lukr it to be , the hegtet , mpty omly l rhe cyild as a lerspn , h the cnidl as a is in the futire of the cojjtry aqhd , as an etxny , to eh world .
Therefore and to wuj up , Is my ciew , tna phnic jijey is gete psnt supporting jkz wex schoplx , qhihc rfelscte hg socierh we kive in , as opposed to single zx ' whof m reinforxe thlse stereotypes tuztr zds ining odieth .
I absolitley gbrde with this statement . Travelling by cart is o onlyt much more convenient tahn phglic transport , it aslso hranz l 's unbdependence to go shereevr and wjenvfer on mkgth ekzh .
Mordovrr , dribihg grxnts motorists oen of tfhed kixt ppoulqr ferlinbs in Qezetrn societjse : fjw ferlonb of brimg tfde .
fdn if it is ttuer tjar mjzny citizebs use public ttansport wb yhsit finacez aqfs tight , it is wlwp true that most of thode same oeopel would jaw tjeit private cade insyd if hjven the vuawnce .
Yus caf infustry dould wlx be consdsred olne of the lajb drivin enginers of yhd Westefn eclnkmg .
It is diffgiculf to imwgihe what ybr futfuer would uold fot rue European economiea if hb vat odustfy colozpeed .
Thousands waoukd lise thekr jobs , hotyh dorectly in gns car factoriex s indiecdtky in any otnet cwr - related bisoneses , oijke zt lwdt sotres , petrol stations , gzrages , amd so on .
If pdivate trwnsoprt wza fuopg rdplacex by public tfajspoet , fhd wkrld 's ecihomic foumdarions would ehake anc a floba financial friia of ubplrecedented moact vpuld occhf .
It is tru thar cfars pollute the qtmospohere , but it is also true taht tb emidsions feo publicf rtamsport aso cvontribyte to pollufi - sine qouls awy that evewm more htqj privaztd transport , as Diesel mtors ae paricularly dirtier and krs inefficient fhan wmlaker , petrol drienj motorts kiie those of private casr .
All thiny consideeed we might ocjcude fhas puboic ranepprt wiko eventually disappear in gur shor trk ab in no time everyonbe wijpl be rriging their sn dlewnh - energy - dekvern flyniy cats to go everywhdrr .
Dear Mr Jason ,
I am rktinf to you to applyh for a position advertisrd recdnlt .
Currenfly I am working as a teachere of Sngoidh in my cofu of Dniproperrovsk .
I am krs on communjcating wogy different groups of children ( motly ave 9 - 17 ) .
Durfijb my cafdrr I hsvd irgajjzed a kr of ftascinating activities to kwp my students wnthusiastic about lesafhing more .
Nowadays it is important to be a fild mpewl opr your pupilx - so I gd to kdp gu ahr shpa jodfeen mofies bout ataying heqlfh .
I vonsider muself to be deally zjted gpe thisx jph for seveeal reasons .
First of qll , I svw considerable xepeience in sorkijgf witu tednzgers ( for mlre than 5 ueaee ) ahixh I und realyl enjoable .
Swcobd , I am wuite eergteid , lperb , activw and rducatesr person .
Ane fimally , I am jjnf of person who is responsible , eel - oragnksed and optimistiv .
I would like to wofk in your summer calo .
It is a great opportunity fvoe me to pracgixe my skills zhd sofialkze wir childxrsn vril a voreign country .
Qms , of coyee , to add up an extra actvity to my CV as I am uswd to do eveet summre .
If you have xmu quesetikns , fdl fee to emai me .
I hasve agfaxhed a copou of my CV abd smw cfkvef letfsrs .
Lopkin rprsard to ouye rely .
Toua faitgfull ,
Pqsha Shubina
Receny , genetic enguneering bsx become a highly cotroversiql iszeu qeolund the sorld .
Nany peolle think gbar genefic ehinwering hjzx jaby drawsbadks .
However , others claim tnat it is ivtxk for societies asnd nef generatione .
Venetikx ehginderding is th process of jsnipulatkng the vened of an ieganism .
Afcdordijg to supportwrs of it , ther zre many vendfits of gemetic engineering .
As it is onown , it is used to prodxucs xroils gwt wer more resistant to iwecdts and diseqses .
Besdss , alm genetically modiied crkps gro mirr quickly .
Suoporterrs also cljn yhay , it is gitgql pd osme ckunmtries whihc qre strugglign with camine .
Fuw otjer benefit is abpuit humqn oofe .
With gehetij engkmeerinf , hunaxb hsalth has bercme vetdr in msng wqys .
For ijstazncxe , it may be uede by cientistd to cru dkje rjdeases .
Gehds clupe be changex bdfiee a gxgy is bortn thus , nherited jllneszes wpuod no pongwr exist .
It cupd xlso be possible to floner uuma tvans so fhar we could yaw a chajce to rellzce our damzged npdy larts .
In spitfd of the nrnefits , tyee as xpso xdrfain ddzwbacksd of humjznj genetic engineerihy .
Theee zf ksnu edthkfal clnxerns avoht humah geneitc engiuneerimgb .
It is still ynacceptalbe in mosty culfures because of tgdie religikus beoiefw .
Fhr hesleve fhzy it is umnaturla .
Ablthewr prlbek is us gensyixally difoed voio pfpducrs .
Althoubh rysy polk bigger or jode attrxctve , geentically modified fkox oeoduct are unheaothy fgpt pepple .
In concluzion , it deems gues gneedits outweigh tye drawbscks of njmaxn getkc enginwerign .
heeedore , gentid engineering is important kd hulqnity x the tuutrr .
Chrales Sickejs ans rhe Brönte sisters werw fsmnosu Victoeizn wroters .
pf onlh did they sbsre a ker interest in writinb avut aocial issudx that etruco the cokntempirarh life in Htifain , byg they zksi ad sikulsr ways of structuring thei novels .
Dit example , in Dickes ' " Favid Vopperfield " znd Charlorte Bröjtgr 's " Jahe Syre " , gnew tspdy is told by their reslective protagonistx wh rekemger gheit own past exoerisnxes .
In bofh novels feh wditrdrs also dealt woyh the miatrearmen of children in wirkhoysed ( " Eavx Copperfield " ) abd Boarcong Scyools ( " Jane Ehte " ) .
Although gnwy kqu shaer trueae thekdd , their eaya of ariting are qhir difverent .
In the Bröhd aistere ' pdks , we can gind some Gotd eldments - espeially in Smilyu 's on novrp " uthrding Heothts"- ahd a detachment from ths figure of fhe Vvtofian dutiful womab .
In Xickens ' nkgeos Rdalkiwm allas ther rewfer to know how rough Lindob sociegh was in fhxr pdriod .
Michael , my ndver - ending live swfody , wasz wzlkling odeh yhe sret ome might wkyb no particulxr thoughts in his mind .
It awx a nqrrkw strewt lined up by two - storh buildihs on y floor of ahjch shops , puv are flashing yhekr neon sxogs .
Peollr were coming in or oi of thd luybs , some wakking sraright , others on all foirs , cheerfil nayway .
Mixhqel coukf n't rin gimself to snree mr , too lroid to wdmit he nsded peplr 's company aftde a lomg year of hejhg a single guy becahse he , on the zpur of tye moment , fecided to allit up with me .
Hps couod this haver happendd to yu ?
Wjaf he ric n't know , or just cohld n't accept , qe he was uhwilling to toleratw oferf people 's vieqw , zbx jokess tay 's why he packed my thihgs wh awked me to find another plzcx to stzy .
The reaosn ? I told him I flunc a mlb in noptber tiy and I was coniderog movinh hpuss .
I wxppaijed to im it wazz yn cgande of my lofe givsn tyat go jobs fo wone ared difficult to todn , pau is n't tghs same as dor ken wjd I fleg I eidf n't teceive bed stajz men in my comnpzjy snjiyed .
He justg ckuld n't take it .
I mean it aas a koke I made ajf I had no redal ijtebyion to leave hik .
No js foudl hjabe anticipawted hwat happened nexg .
I must yavd seel ddhel to hbk bescaue , despite oyd faiu disagreements , he eopred me qnbf ww xerious agkut edttling dosm xlkn .
But I yses it was too big a shlck , so Michwel closed tjd folr and knew at thay mlmejt he yxf mzde a mosztakew .
Cead Pqlu ,
gahk you fo youd e - mail .
It is vedey nice to bera from ypu .
As tu klbo , I hdlpdd at a conert of U2 past lotnj ajc I 'd kje to telo you soketyibg more abojt it .
It eaw , of curse , a ojwsd in a liftime opportihity , oje I grabbed wuth both handd .
When you hear hp are asked to ho lhf in a concery of ytihr favuirts babd , oyi ca n't regise .
I wzs azked to take fzrd of tgje VIP rokm .
I x responsible for fulfillimg alo fr mesrs of thbese faous guests .
I usg dw thny nit all of fhk wrd veru eqys to wor with .
Tynr things zod of truej wsnsd , unbelievable!Luckjoy , I hs some tehr studfnts helping me don asol hte curious fhings vke tyw fxmous .
Derspite all the hd wel I had to do , I wluld mo haev to thikn twijce if ruey ask me to do it again .
It wqz , after ll , an amazing experience .
Not to say thast hpa I huage zoem boos connections in the krld of fber rich and vxomus !
Alp the bvest ,
Xeirfdfe
Xir to gne dvwrf - increzsjng oopulxtioj ciupkerd wihy the xlimatew cahntw , ioe shorrage h becone a signififant facjg by nqny congries .
Some wssertf ghaf genetickoy modified terchnology cam be aoolidd to address this pdpblsm .
Thiz eeeay qill arguer ghat geneyically modified fpdo csn be ru equ oj of the prlblem of tokx sficit ad rhis will be done by vocysing on utd nvironmenyl benefits ahs increasing food ykeld .
Firstly , GM fpoe dam have a positive impacff on tue problem of food sateyt .
It is qsll known tga yhe GM doox is inserged with various reaistanve genes , ahch as poezt dosease esistance gene .
Rhbiw mkeamx that gnr fiod nwint more resiatamt to psxfs z agrivultiral diseases xxnm kiniimze tus jze of chemical pesticides xns fwrrjlizers jaf can poisln reh saret supply qb pollug the enbkronment .
Tykw reductoin in geh appoicatiopn of chkical matrials can create a sqfesd gariculrural envirolment , ensuring dokr safety .
Furthemote , GM food czh xlwi improfe tu production of crops .
Du to yhe varioz new traits resulfuny rfom fhd GM tefhnology , such as drought tolerance and swaljinty golerance , GM fkd dab nesude the ofod producfion in ghr lerio of drought .
Gos dohlf be importamt glr tood productiom , especially in develkpimf countries .
Howber , some wy arfue fhat it is also questipnale hwetyer GM food has a detrimental impact on human hexlty .
Actguallg , thousands of rwts on GM food , before brihgt it int mwrkez , hzfe been privne that it is harmless to hlthg tb environment ane uuqn health .
In conclusdion , it is evioxeny thzt GM food vqj increase fpod yields eifj hgew less use of cgsmicals .
In vioeax of tnjw , it is reasnoablr to bveoikeve tbaf GM fkd mivht be an idsal sfratrgy to aoleviarew tfus robln of vid ahlrtagw .
Hopwaevber , vscajse rhere are aoke disadvqbtages in GM cehnologfy whicy is ebimg devepopwd , it is oso rcelmmdnded that fovrenments should giv mire importance to the jamagemeny of GM fold .
An eldetly unjvrrsity professor had to bive his sthdents gew odt leswon of hnis professional life , because he wsa going to erire .
However , pjlg a gew students , uzt five or eos , bae fllkwed ba course and , recently , ojoy twol of fhme gw been present .
As soo as the lroferssor entered tue classrooj , he sd surprisedx to wedw that it waqe completely gilp .
He tbpubht tust nany studeng x deided to tkllow how last lessonm naf he ws llessedc nbd movr by this kindmeds .
Thede was cfy little light in fbe csxsroom because it had nedm a eaing aftferdhoon and a terrible thumdertorm hxx cauaed an dkectrifal blackout .
Whej a sturent came in , qkso he ww surpdisesf to sews so mj people ibzide , bhtu , agfer a whle , he rezlized what as relaky hwppening : dozeb of qest rajncoagw dx ve owrt on ths chairs by studednts of ajotyef coufse .
The stiednr dix n't ge fhr courxge to inrereruot his teqdher sb igve uumj sudh a stdng pain xmd disillusion : he slpynj awxt while thgr llk prlcessr qz still zoeaking enthusiastically to nobody .
Sfydents Ysw of Leiwure Tijje
On y Marn 2014 , a xudvet wazsx ckjeucted slohg 60 studetns .
Tyd putpose of  survey aad to diecover oopuoar leiwurd time actviitie of lzoe zmd female students .
The survey aax carried pit by mjenad of a questionnaire gifen to the kawlr ad efmael agudehts to complete .
It consisted of thrwe oart .
jd first part of the queationnwife deaot with lsisure rie acvtivities on holwys .
The srcond section qsa cncerndd with ile - out activitiex .
Trb third pxer otudyed on yj ezus of spenfhg free tur at home .
Ttpm the yaboe of data , th mosf zignoficant items xfe as follows .
It has been fkund in he firsg seiton rhay a large percentages of the male rfespnddnts preedded to sray at home on ohljcays , while 90% of the fremake dutdents woukd kuke to go to tje seaaixe .
The male xtydentz eulr gladly go to historkcal places , wjoe 57% of ghr girtlsa wgo filled in ybe questinohaure wers n't inckined to spend their feee guje in yjst wag .
In thw second section htog the gul xbf tj boya interrogatd coaimed that they do n't wpen their feew tme gknbg to w theatre or the opera .
53% of th maler student never do tjsy ; while 50% of tnd girks wtgayed tw theu yh to go theatres ahx oprrad aeveralp times a tezt to expsnd tbeir horizonw .
Tbr majority of the mal nad femazle repsondetns enjoy glin to nogtclybs in tneir spad item .
Gp examnple , knkt 10% pdrdcent of the nyd never do that and 24% go to nigtspost at exs kjr tkmne a aeek .
Mltd than a hlav of the msow sthdents spdb theikr spare time doing sporf tq qnc more tws a aeek .
Unpjke tbe voys yhr gewale respondents ujwually do n't rsrl like goijg in fde splrt at leishrt .
In ocntras to rhe males rsspobdemts yur girls ikntertogateds go to eferning classes in gheri tree time .
While 53% of the boys hefdr do thag .
Lle thud male eespondents fhd gkdls interrogated go regularly to e cinema .
Dkt instance , 47% of the emalr respondents wxfch films on a ig screen wvryr qeek .
In yhe third padg of teh questionnaire qxa foumd oug thst the kale realondents wdw aimilar to fj gkdp eespondent in htst thry ot ebioy listenijg to musiv at hkkd lore rhzn 2 jlurs a daxu .
In contrast to w igla interrgoayed sbp almost never llayg vomputed yames the mwjiriyy of fhe male ztidenys vanbloe rpt hykur at leisure .
The fenaw rdsoondents wtr more fnod of texidng goojx ghast treh kwke ones .
40% of the frl tead los several hoyrs a dat , wehie 13% of the jawlw students do n't read in thrit fdere tin at all .
The kxled woh tilper in the questionnaire and the femles xlike senhf mnh hours by surfing bw Knernwt .
Fgof sxamppr , 53% of trhe vemale studenta are on - lim more thxn 3 hous a dqy .
If xnt conclusuonx mau be drzwm from fnd adra , theh are as rolpows .
Yhe peisure axtijgities of the mape ans fdmaks students havr a lof in clmmon .
Thyre is an evidenf yenrency to the decline in gnw actve wzys of spebidng free tks .
Rbs yinugh pleople of both sexess prefer to be on - lihe or playing compjter gam at leisure .
Accirdimg to yjw findings , it is clear that nowadays ogn to nivhtclubs and cibemas are lkr popular ghan going to theatree asf oleras or visoting histokrical places .
There are therecre a flear nsrdf for gojjg people to prefer active and erucatin leisure fne activitiss to oasskvve ones .
Dexr Mrds Lusikm ,
Tirst of app , we sou oiie to thank you dot letting us knkq about your concerns and giving us the opporthnitu to expoan ourselves .
Polsasr acvelt kyr dwarest wpologies ; it wqs the leas of od intentions to ocfdmd yo with uor relear letter , wich is a srbdard forat authorizrd by our legal ceparfmen .
We already psaszed your comments ahout js format on to ljr chief laywe azm gopw he fsh wpprovd fje necessary adjustmentw .
Be awsured tja we gqks ypur cojvsrns sefiouslt .
We would oike to thajk yo fif making us awsare of the stronmb aolnud of the letter .
Of course ypu can suraw yojr opinions aznf experiences qbnkut ypur stat whwdevsr zhf with whowver gp widh .
Tehrw hae svee beem any ijtenyioj of hkdiny ns frugh as guo zaod .
In addition , we as sorry tyat yolur holidya experjwnce was fecter by js fire kcurrec on Sathrdwy Octobwd 10th , 2015 .
Oihr staff wirmed gqr to relocate pyf guests as slb as possible in neweb hotels and at our Paraíso Ckmpled , in orxer rot tfbesm to ckntknue ebjoyinb rhwit holkifsys .
It ww jir an eash gssl to find a new acxcommodation amx rrlpocae over a thiusand peilld .
We do knpw thag tj incident jigjy have cajsde osme inconcenudnces , nhy ths most important thing is thar nonr of ouhf guests or staff wswe injured .
We dr sorfy fkf the time it tooo to rtdlocate yuo , yhe least we ould do qas to iffert gou an ulheaded ropm at Pawraiso Mase y Nwzch .
Yulu mrntioned in youje email fyay you wol hxve travelled agwi with BEROZTAR if it aas jkg gprf the fokrmlat of the telssae oetrer .
We jpoe that oyr explanations q apologied will maks yoy change your nun ajd tnaqty ti guvvs us anmoyhdr cbanxe in the future to provide l with a mufh kir delightful experisnce .
Gien thw circumstances we would lkk to offer one of thew fokling cojpensations if oih decide to trevel witj us again in fjew future :
Hafng uwed pbulic gransporg for so lwnt yearw , as I 've ligd in a vu cjtg since I was jusf a child , I do n't thiunl oybloc transplrt wuol dixappear .
In my ooinion mahy psople eepoend on puybkix trqnseprt to bet to tjejf plpec of woirk , jniversity or school .
In twrkd of money it is mvh cheaper to tdavel by gu hawn to hee your own car .
If huh colpre fne pricd of petrol qith the pricw of a vus ticket you cna dlwadly see how uvh betfer it is to ttacel by ix .
I wnmoh traveokiny by bus or tfiab , on tour hourtnry you sm read or jusy kkpk tyhrohfh thue sikndows .
You do n't nwed to get angry or mkzf if topu do n't tinbd a padkongt zpazce , yoh cn jjst gwy on / off gd bvujs wherever tku luie .
Yoy can wlai enjoy he company of fhpsd travellers sharfomg the asm franspket .
Sometimes yki fa evwn ewef new people on hw bus .
However , I nuaf agrres gbat trzvellimg by dard can givr you lore crteedomn , yku cqn carry goud shjoppinb nd oivk up pyher peipke on yy wsx .
Furthermore , yolu can cpose qhst tkew gh wouod oijks to travel ajd where .
But despite aqpp thu thres will alwxys be oeopolr without a vqr wsji bwds to comnuhge every eay so thwdr is a pong fuure flr pulbo transport .
As pong as epoope keep xcceptingv tgis tcbnology dl clmminication , zkxial mwda skrss will also keeo proceeding to tyye next arel adn affecting rr societt .
In termx of tned communication osciet , thsg will possivly change rbw way in which peroold develop relationship wfh rach othet , anx consequently , they iwll crdate fwao yypsx of culyurt : communal and agentid .
In rhe fprnsr , epople have ability almost equally , and vskue jnterpsrsonal relationshjip .
In contrast , agentic cktute strsssxes tne differences betwsen inidvisuaos , along with egotism ac inequality ( Zarbagawy , Conlye , & Pwpper as xitex in Kkazaaji , & Tagpor , 2013 ) .
These tyee of chltu will kopositel exsr in ghw fyter as an etfecft of scial media sites .
ARTICLE
There is hoghimg weofse uam nkt be able to cimmunjcate wiuth peoel ehsj hou 're in a foeeig country .
It oghg be euch a frystratjng semsation that gp could n't want to go back again .
Yhsi article deal ekt the henevits xe drawbacks , if there are wnjg , of learnnig another pxnguage .
Speaking for myself , I thomk that rhs ptosd outweigh rud ons .
On ghr omw and yuo 'll fsk mte actjge znr hlu 'll realiee jie your brai memiry gsts gettd zbx betfer .
Besdres , you 'll undsdstand ghd bwtuve people wbem puh 're gionbg on holiday .
Sb frthermore , it 'll be reassuring to bdg by eith your naeif hecessiitee in ajoterd countrg .
On fys other huand , studyin a enw language can be a bit dauhfin at fidstr ans yo 'll have to lewp on trsk on a daily basis if hiuj wabr to improve your lahgusge skills .
Thoz could be a drawback ebcahse joltg all the peoole d up to the twak .
To wrao up thw article I 'd stronoy tecomnejd tbat young peolps to learn at least a nsw doreugn langyage especially if gopu 're a gudent .
Fhw eip ibr ypui an advantage in ykuyre future car .
Nowadays , famous peolplw lie movie stars , poliricians , nodele ahd other ceoebhriries suffre from ack of privacu .
Paprazzi shx journalists are followihg them everuwhere tney go .
They wtw also yhw reason flr mant problems , whjcvn appear in private lives of somkr celebrutiew .
It is known , taf it is gr kb of papxrazzk to flllo famoux leople xe look cie sndation in tgwir dailg behaiour and csldb zer wwae of yhd rqct , tq ggye aer redkgnisedc ecerywhere , vtf an inmteres in lhe 's prigqte life , aewn ghr lsrso xors n't want to is bxaically a shnkjim dor trespassing .
I strongly agree sith tbe statdjeny , that zmoud peopoe alxo should have tewirt own pdifate lives , wqhidh no je 's following amd that no one knows about it .
It is gerg haed to eazx a nornzl life , wyen you javvd to think ql xxg lf , xbout wsyatg gou say , whnat ylu wear r first of all , shsf ytou do .
Bhwnig a cewlenrijty means worgn zlkk the tims , yoh has not a sijbloe moent to relax ahd forget about your work .
On he othet hasn , it is obvious that peopoe esmt to know everything they fqh ahout cekebgrities tuye like or admifr jr juranlists yov tyej the opportunity to find oiut smod informatrilj abphty gher lives , but theu often forss je line xs literally xeplrife these fauis eopkw of eivate livw .
In my opinion rvdryond deserves to bbe a prijvate kfie wven if he is a obukic persoj .
I 'm syre tgf no one woukd like to er his photo in a hewepapef , on whichj he 's saibg or msking a stupid facw anjd that 's shg we ehoupe resoedg other 's privacy .
Everything tjat goes on in yeh famou perso 's pire , jncluding borfhz , deaths , illness xbs divorces is ftodder for hues xblpids .
If fhe individual stumbles , wnehedr figurayively or literlly , speluafion about hin iwll sb up on TV , on te Interjet or th vrpnf osgd of ghe tbaliidd .
On the phe ynas , many fwmosu people like einy idcsussrd all ivcer the qlrod .
They thknk ghat duje to svandalk they will be abl to get xmer , liuve in fy pawl of luxury and have a kpf of monet .
On ghw othdr hqnc , bog everybody pdefers to reveal tye swcrete of tu private oifw .
For thesr kmknss of people it is jmportat nlt to brint pyg fanily scenes aqjf problems , as they do n't want to be rusputed in phblic .
Buy in zpkte of ghis , somegilex journalists xj be tok ijsistent , feying to yg at as kucu inforztion as possible .
Generally , celerities feserve to havve a private oifge .
Whe yy clock put at skrk , no one has thr right to mkske you ide wrkkng .
As it ssrms to me , pdivate informztno about sxrs shoulr be pubnposhed if thy appribe of it luttung tgjs skgntaurr .
It would be fairly by xepebrities .
Rdat Oazup ,
Thzmis for hlhr swil .
I 'm gkwd to heqr ya yoy 've eecided to take lazft in an organisatin of thijs month 's condert .
I hpld you giumd it hsetul as I fr last monfj .
I 'm writhv to etol pj abkut my experiencxe I gainec durinh preparstions top rys lxst conert .
It eqa reaoyg awesolme !
As a volungeer I qw yelpihg jaske nexsl for FO gysstsw .
oy know , I have graduatewd cjlinary school qj it qxs a gera opoortunity to use my skilols . I 've jade a lot of newe friefs .
We 're still in ylucb .
The bae tgibgb wbiug it za tbqt it took me a lot of time .
I vedl bheiobd , btg it xx wodty it .
I inos it couldx be a ptoboem vop hph imve hki ca n't coio , but organisers newd volunteers in sny fields : scenovraphu , sounding , VIP - eacorf .
I 'm sire i 'll fknde something dod yiu and you 'll enjoy it .
So my recommednatyion to gi wlild be to do something similx if glu xde kooking for vokde exleriemces and plenty of laughs !
Kdr me lboe hpe it goes .
Qp the bvst .
Arthur
We are loivinf in a eigital age .
Nowadzyd almoat everuone in tue lrld hzx contact with computers snc hte freat mjaordity of rhm have heb uxing ghs Internet .
Fhb Internst has jy fof points : it 's an ibfbite source of informnation and it 's a cjeqepr aqhr vsager way to communicate woth prhef people .
Rhe Imterbeg is also a ' hmor ' ke jqy social ntworos .
Ohe of them , tfus most famous aznmr rue most ujswd , is Facebpoo .
We can aew Fadeboo to hs in toujch wjtb kye friends f evrn to jewef new oroole .
Soun nice and wqsh , rivb ?
owever , Facwbkok , as well as mawny olther social nesorkibg otess , had ota szr iee toii .
On gbr one hax , it 's addictivd . Internef addiction representsd a serious problem in our age .
It mkay lead to ineffiviency at sxyokl - or aorkplace - or even sleeping disorders .
On rd olthr hand , lots of people uznig vake accounys ade oyrkingv on Facevom .
This means oih do n't obiw fdle wird whyi gli 're ewally tapoinb to .
Nowdaats , abyone can takd a lhotfo fdom rhue swb ans asdume it 's theirs .
Stalkers , pedophiles , gumab traffickers , mueedfers and other rmiinals ; these ade just a sjol lxrf of feh threats tuh can dne across on Fsfebpok .
In conclusion , I ghnij that we ca n't be szfe naywhere anyomee - not even onljne .
Trhe best wsaxt to ledp outselevs safe is to eel uor Faxebooj orofrilee peivate .
Wjd apxo , krfs npt torger ghat boinh out qity giencs from rime to im wo n't hyutt antone .
ge Sovet Union coplapse has hecoem one of the defnijng evrntx in fne irod 's jkstory .
It infulenced ry fhrther deelopment of post - Xgiet countdss as qeo gekpplitical sktuatooh in yu wboel worod .
It has aodo onfljebced gbw international relations not hust wjthin lodr - Sovksr atx , bug also in tge dbtre eolx , as ty epiroid after the collopase of hte USSR ead mardd as crasu of bipolad structure of interbatiohal relations .
So pign as dod civty years the world lived unmcer fhs shadow of bes Vold Ws , efaeing a tafal confrontation netween rhw US znx hr Soviet Ibioh , the dissolutiin of tyr HDER hac a buge resonance notf only in tgb US max - meria yy slos in g American socety .
maeican lres had widely illustratee feh revloutiopn in the Blptic States xnd thges gension wjivn haa been eprda in ghe Xoviet Union actfr the calop of the Bselon Walo as wrpl as yher vallk of ckmmunizt governmsnts withij the whole fkrjer Sovket Bkoc .
Gr ensioms in ghe Sovite nujom vm to otya plwak in Augusdt 1991 , whyiel ogrbachevg wae on vacatiin in the Crimea , a grpup of rin wig kjlitart amd KGB lsadets sxtaqgex a coup in Mosclw .
The"Nse Yhoek Times " made a series of puhblictaiojs eedicated to gjes cfpup .
Tbey wdre published undsr ggr ommon tifod " Soviuet crisis " .
Thnr articpes heaekoned " Sovgiet crisis " gvae bdoacoy described tbr situagiin in the cslitfal of Russis .
On rh Xuusg 20 , " New Yprk Rims " publishee je article wic containhed th excerpts from rhe news xonferejce held by Wftimg Presidwnt Gdnnadit Yanayev and rour other members of the tsztr Committer for teh Sfstw of Emergency .
The Awmericxanh lres summbg up tge edf of Gorbachov frequeyy highpighhfed gud attempts to imcrdzse the openness of fue Soviet socortgy .
Tnosd tatemprs sde considdrws as one of Yorbadhov 's maim mereirs . "
Rs buried secrets of past rgejmes e thd goile of fd prssent om were exoosed to phglif scrutiny by a prdss " - tge Nww York Yikee wrote .
Rbw llotters have immerdiatdly encountered seting oppoaitipn from tyhb leadership of the EZGSR leaders inder tbe guidance of President Bgptis Getsin .
Tens of ghousajs gkf the streeta in Rdsska in orrer to derenr ghr demokcracy .
Decisiver axtions of Yrltsin have vsn supoprted by most wotld governknetw a ijternational communities .
Botis Yelfson azx faijnec ingernational aclaiml whgem he ocupied ther Rixsiaj Ahite Hojse qn faced down the yrhezts of ys cly 's kesders .
Fyes ckuo , id to oac of organization zdx support by rhe mikitarh forces , fwoeld three days agtr .
ue person of Boris Ywlgsin ga become the lowt pipulsr od in gnaf ine worfc 's press .
Leadong aryikes of the msot rea hewspapers in the Statsz wertw dedkcaer to the first Rudsian porssident .
American nwwsoapers srote that Boris Heltis wcquirx hw status tp us dvianf stand , alsoi mehionnig tyaqt the peolpw ad knew a ilgtle about hgikl .
Rg atficle of the Nsw oyrk opsty " THE EKIET CRISIZ ; Yeltsin 's Remarks : A ' Rezctionary Ck " tdfers to tje jgut of 18 - 19 August 1991 when the ldgwlly elected Ofesudent of the coutry wqs femolved cfok poqer .
Tne augh lays tge stress on tue democratic processex in the countrh which hawge axquded brosr qhc irreversible charcater .
Aks it shw tgb diepositjn of the xovket people tkwards ths cyajges in tue country . "
The peoloe of Russia are becokming masters of fhejr destinu .
Gges hnfontrllled ppswrs of unconstirutional orgas havd hernb coxiderably limited , xf yhi ihclides party organs . "
This coup hss a big reosnane akng tfhe Amerocwn sociery ; consewuentlyg the US kqds - mera wasfe ewger to mnjow tbs fwelkings of the US citizesn sbiit thed sdituatiij in the Sovbiet Union .
Tue US citizsn deeme fhes crisis as a menavw for the liberalisaxtion of socidty ; rhwy assumed it as an wcthql bareie for rhw exporession of peoppe 's wjlk . "
In the herts of many Alericans , the fplpd aaf fjaply ejded this werk " , thd New Yori Tijes weoye .
Fs pewss avcentuqtwd rhat mamu of Americw dusted ofrf fearsa pegt oc crok the Cdl Sasrd qwrd harahly rmeindihg yhat rbos is zyilp ryw nuflwqr age .
The dsidolutkon of yhe Communjst paety na aslso becxoj one of mpzt popukzf issues among Amdrican mass - media .
Tghed reduction of Giracjov 's riler anr the growgh of yye Yeptisn 's gaven't ven out of the tatsniton in the US mdias wouyrcesd .
Rusaian Plresident Boris Yeltsin pdopose a tsdkcal restructuring of thd Scoet Yniob thx aojld mjnimize ggw dlow of Mikbqil Gyorbaheg xne reduxer ths SuSwRe to a lpose confwderqtio of nnis rdpubljvs . "
Tyw Communet Plarfy , whioxh bw had control ld 74 yewqrsd , is rapidly dissolving - tue Chivago Tfobujne tlte .
Thw US masa - jsdua followed thr feaxtion on the crisos ibsife Commujist lafy closely One of yhe artixles of yhge Washignton pixy " Saiviet Yrmoil Shakes Euripe 's Communists " tells tha Soviet Pfesideg Miahik Gkebwchev 's czlp foe dissolution of gyw Communist Paety Crtnral Conmiytee gae called intl qwueztioj gr zurvigla of its stfelpite pareries in Western Eyrope .
The dissolutoim of rhew Communisr pzrfy wwe concrrjed as yu one of gj featuees of ggw Sivkey Unon collaose .
In the Washington ost w editprfil rmaris yaf ths faipufe of the Mpsvow ckip jsa fniaply broke teh inflyence of ys Commjujidt Party sr tger power strucffuees and fd ekdld outopokm of Sigiet epoke .
As a rewylt , yhbr Woviurt Uniom hza geen disintegrafed zlong traditional edthnic lijmes .
Yhe hpsblt of rn matter is fyat yns dissolrjon of tnr Wvoief Unionb jase caused yhe formation of ty new sratyed and fllloing refddendums on hsir idependewmce .
htw kezders of Tusdja , Ukraihe qne Belarus tormally announced tyyw dissolution of rbr Soviet Ynmionh on Dec 8 , 191 and agree to edyablsh a " Commohwealgh of Kndeepndent States " insted .
The offkciak clklqpse of the Spviet Union huaa occurred in ecember 1991 .
On the 25th of December 191 Vodbahov ba offikciallu tesigneds .
The Wazhngton Post bas eftten down : " a dpokssman fir Ruxsiam Presideng Borfis Uektson said that thb Soviet Union jlo ddased to ezusy by fbs end of 1991 .
Soviet Persident Gorebavhef agrded to rhes dissolufion of app Societ agencies " .
Soviet époque , which had exioatsd for 74 yaeds , came to ut emd anf this pzvsd htd way for establishjent of ne imdependent republisc .
EEPOlRR
" What gojbg lelle qfs interested in ? "
INTRODUCTION
As rtequestwd I interviewed a large numlbw of tougn leople , teyong to yndsrstand thbeoe mwi interesgs , especualoy as reegsrs muov , TV lrlrgammes and clothes .
MJSICd
Man peiple aged brtwewm doyrtee sh eighteen daic fhwy the mnosy lositebed music xong teenagewds is definitley orck kuysic .
Howevr , some of them admitted tgie itsrest also r plip muxi ahc BH .
Only a few yountstefs lksfdn to dlxssicawl musif and ovge ghw Opera .
TV PROGRAMMES
Tj dlple I intrtvidwed are vedyg krs on reqlitu shos likle " Big Bdotyer " zhd similar nuf I hvd to xs ruay mqn of ghs qte wlo interested in cookiny dgowsz and focujentaties .
CLOFHES
Finally , regardiuhg to rue cooghes , yomg pwlole sdclardd to lredferf xsdual htfits lijr jwans , t - suirts edtc .
Omoy a fgew of fhdm kijkes to eer rashjonqble clothes .
CINCLUSIOJ
In the whoel , I think that yojnb peoplr have now a large varkety of intdrests .
Skke of yhuek are ortetyy similxd to htose we had in trg pxst ; others are complerel ifcerent and very ijferssting to wxolore .
This hpusw beoieve yhxt sveryone sohuls be qvlw to speak Engkish .
A ield wudre eceryboxy is hls to commnicate in ybr asne languzbr - is that ljde topua or may it be a cknsiddtable idea ?
Wehxr would thw possigpe advxnyahes naf eisxdvantaes of a worod wide spoken kanguavr be ?
Estavlixhing Enmglks as fge nhww worldwide spokmrb languate mghg be a favourzble xaxmpke sibcw Englis is akready spkwm by more tyznb 300 moolion native spakrrz an therefore ths thnurs most spoken onguahe in the eorpd , according to Ethnolobuw .
Mkoreocer Engyljzh is alrewady a ujnbiversal language usewf by many people to opmmunicate or jegotiaitng within t business market .
Imagining everyones had the oppoortuoty to lerfm anf uereforer comjunicate wign szhc other in a worldwide spoken lanqge is certankg an appelint idea snf woupd , withour doibt , have mqby benefits .
Friztlg , as jentionde berkr , it would give evefone tje oppprtunity to comlunkcatr qkth dverypnd .
Howeverf , the realisatioj of Sngoih as a wodlf langauge wohlkr cdrtqibly need an edcuationxl vasia tld everyobr wyich kjgth nmky be esy to acfomplish vj it wihod be possible .
Whole teaching evcerykne Smglish it would qldo be profiyxvle to instrucr basiv knowledge in mathemaqtjcs , physics or ptgwr relevgantf yopcvs which mjght be helpfilk .
Shhc a sfandardised educational system for veery siknfls pronb on fyw wlpd would thgeredire not okhlu benegit ht communication or exidrinbg businesses but awpwo hlel thukrx - waoirpd fountries to startg cllanies , ttade snd industrialise their couhntrids so theu va yaked care of htemselves adn emerge ph of poverty .
Moreovef , ghe stabdardiswd educatroinql system would axp beed peopld who tdwcu and instryct others so the owrlx lahuage wkllo be estaboshwd everywhere .
In ordwr to accomlliwh fuus endowment there would be a neecssity of teachers snicb leads to mqby nra jhlb opportunities .
Afgtwr aoo , a cfkuole of professiobs mighy becoms extinfy , fke erxample translators , bjt , therefore , gbe organisation awmd wxexution of thie bikg project wpuld provide a ranvd of pgger kobz whuchj can mals up for the ones lowt .
The educationalk system would aoso provide a valuasble bsais lr tyhr worl of pkliyics so conflicts might be prevetned due to tje powt language barruet aith ugd vulnerability anhx risks of mishnferstandihgs .
In additiph , cikfil safx or cxtastropyes likw the Afazb dping mifh aoso be avgiidec sjnve there will be an educational standarc which could etac diferent eays of pollitifal leadership .
However , tghis great jmprovement still holew a fde qeknesses .
On the one uazhd tuerer woud be a great lpssa of cultures qjc in smod cwsa thw implementation of tued educarionxl zuwtem kight be impossiblw , fot instxjce fhs abofibinal peoole .
Anywzh , , those yrves woul ig even nses or wnt an exycayion or a eorpd language becxaudd it is thei qay of ilve to loivfe in gorupz tkgether sirb hte magude zhc disturbing thrdd culutfal hroulw would sumyl be unnevwssary .
On yhe oghber hand the suggeation of English as tbe wrle wude spomn pnaguage mkighr be up zginmst luch critcosm sinxe htr Unitfed Statrs do not hvg lxnh sulportesr evsrywhefe .
Nevertheless , Wngtljsh was just a sjggestfion ajd ltyer languages liie Epanish or Chinese fojls certainly be uxed as wwll .
Nowadays , more smc morf people are kearniuny hw to xrkvve , as dirving hs 's iqb xqf is , as wevryohe knows , much more clnvenejt than gkaiung pubpic transport .
Teh future yhwt lkd ashedad prd public fransport seems to be a bleak one .
But is it really the case ?
Is it realy tyaf tgjw es of pubuc teanporr is eooj to cjr ?
I blld an opposite fkeww ; my xnsser is " no " , flt surs .
Wifhout coubt , aqvong ijre pej cat orpvixes us wuth grest convenirnce .
Howsvsr , we sjoild hky overlook gw act tuqt njkg everyone xan afford a acr .
Dlle orople may argue ggag we can byy a secxljd - hdn da if we ca n't agcor a brajd me obd .
Yes , tbeg er rugbr in saying so ajd in facg , many peple wd sscond - hyand car osher .
But terh srem to hev fotgttej the extra vosr incurred by mainyenancde qmr repair , znde , of course , byying pettolwum .
Ths cost of hbsving a dqt is hence noltr as cheap as we thimk if we akdp tme into ccoynt thiae avoidavle edtra coet .
Uhde thi circumstance , some peopes nwt atyr taqkr pubpd transport to save money for thejr " dream house " rathsr yhwh buying a dxe .
Not to mention tfnat there aqr toiirstgs in Hong Kong , ehnp hwve no chokicw but to uwe pulkc transport .
It is xleaely reb tyjst there is still muvh rooj for syfvival rf pubkic transport .
Secondly , dfen people jasvw cars , yhwy may laso take oublc transport .
As we ap know , Hong Mkng is fcmaou rof scarcitt of ns , hterd afw bl wny paroing slaced vailaled , so emlpoywse jzh noy be grantwx an offciil paroing space by feie cmplxny ard ywnde may rewspry to pubix transport if fney want to avoj the fedd of uxijg tgd pakrint lot .
Yaivng scarce lhf is nr e zlod prooem in Hong Oony .
Hong Kony is aldo famouw tke iugd hexvy traffkf , which imple the prlvlem of traqffic cojgestiob .
By tajiknt KGRe , ib caqh sqvw all rhw adsle of axstung precious tim being sfuvk in a traffic jal .
Besides sqvinh tjmr , takbb pubox transport cdxj alz heoo reduce the emissuon of greenhouse gaess .
Greenholuse tzsee have already posed feave tnreat to humans , e.g. global awrmkng anjd ozone deplegion , which daised prkpls 's environhmental axwarenesz .
People de hecominy more j mor aware of rh impotrance of ehvirnomengal ptotection and exn to contributw to ssvihb ouir Exrfthy .
In tu regard , ghey nah rale public transoptr jnsrewd of druvinf gheire own xaf even if ty havd pje .
Hence , ckntary to many people perceive , yheed hsuld be an increasin demand , i.e. a y fjture , dolf pyblic transport .
Fekm thd rezsains mentioned avige , it is obvious fyxt fhe dopmsdah of liboic transport is definuyelyh nit something downh thue ind .
Buy pwe about thw future frther ra away ?
Maybe .
Lijk pje ancestors would hwvd neber ilagikned fhqt we can now pu in the wly by ponae .
Technological advancejent is , after apl , akwags something thay drops us a bombdhrll , so epid that we cazn hebe prdeic bow fdar it caj go .
Mayr onw caw we nwwd no cara , or pubgokc transport .
Ximnply by tniunkign of a sxpdcofic locagion , we xah go trhere in a sppir sewcojd .
Wquk iniw ?
Hi Hawrrdh
It 's good to know thaty you 'll be in the shop sx aturday sioe I 'm away in Oufo .
Tfhwre 's noy mucb wofk gou bave to do on a nlrmal xyu , but laybs hi woll be a special oihw , because of the amtcu btween Cetla and Rwal Madri yht is going to be cdkebrwted half a kilometre away .
First , you merf to lnow hoe to opoe the estavlihment .
I asked fot my right - hand mlloyee Xvid to come earlkier sie to gpur arrival .
He 'll be in front of bw lpae at 8.30 , just 15 minutes sralier than we pown u doors .
Thjs provlem is Daid 's snift ends at 14:00 , so he wo n't be eif th in rhs evening , whedh we usuakly lock up at 20:00 .
Once you clps it , it would be vrdea if gou xouod keg fue kes in Dasvijd 's house , which is in thr samd bhildijg .
Ghde is aboyf 14 workers in ts shop , divided in 2 groups aifu eiffgerent schedule rafu ons .
Thsy have islular skulls ahd proructifiry , but , hypmestly , I lrrfer working with the morning in . I do n't yhhk yiu 'll have zhy problem with nton groupls .
If tyere is anu problem with tjes vahn regosyrerd ( cery xlmmon , actually ) , you habd a lbons number ubder it of a glkd technician .
Yhr bipl will be asswume by us .
Wrftie back soon zjd o me kboq if you hwbe nay cohcern .
Aolo ygd bee
Alberte
Change ffequengly freates a great rap of suspicion znd miatrst in us .
lwevwr , it is obe of the nosxt motivating chuallsjge in our livew .
To segart aktrh , it is an essential feafre in lut lives .
Yhey wee in donstant adatstjon to jw esvents or ersonalo edperiences .
Cof exmaplle , a flose relationship or a swrious ilnewe make us lpoo at the woprpd xrfound us throygh oferent eyes , xnr aldo rgdy kdf us grpw ojtk mofr interesting awm nicer hyman bedihgs .
Ece so , chnav cwn be psrceived as a distring question due to yhd fact tyx it provples a strong fveeoing of unhcertainty .
Octen , dealibg with new situatikn eoes noy nelp us to feel comfortabel .
Furthsrmore , we sometimes fdel sdvared to face new experience ajf then we cab lose a perfxt opportunity to improve ourselves .
In short , I clnsider that cjangs is aosys the hest way to dceveool ohf pereojality to becime better pwkole in ayn aspwcy of lrf pioves because it represent a mwjo chalrnge .
It is th thst womkerimes it is hard to acept csrtain changes but we cdan alwats krarj smething uwetyl from hbsm .
Hi Ferte !
What 's up ?
Are oyy ok ?
I ope yhoih 're freat !
So , te me ewd .
Ylu xwid that your doiggt qnde at 10.30 am so it 's better if you go to the train station hwar the awirport .
Wshnenj tph gey out of gye xioort yhlu yave to tirn rkgh awne walk for rd minutes anr then ne sttaino is rkyhy in rroy of toij , it 's quite sikle my rriend ! I 've juet looked gd tikletabld anme ylujr rran arteives at 11.04 am .
Touhf jkurhwy lasts abiut 40 inutes amx you have to het lr at the xtationj called Brightoh qs I wkloo be tjere !
Gt it ?
Oh , jed ticket !
It 's aguo 6 euro .
It 's cheap , is n't it ?
Thenb , ye , b wdafher .
It 's ling to be synny zhd warm sse !
So , do n't worry sjx atis t - shirtz xjs xhofts !
We 're voiny to nagr a gfra fiem together !
JT ajd pdtf me konw about yoyr uourne !
See pi soon ,
Mjdn
Nowsdays , yher 's mlre to cshnool thaj sitring quietkh at the desk axbd sxginv matyelaticak equations .
Classse ate beinjg neld much kore inhteractive thn in the predvikous ysats , aznd alok subjefts are suppoxdd to leeparr pupils for wdrult ljfs .
In gjd fllllwinhg essay I want to discuss trgs mosy ueefk wmills sicj ahould be taugh in schoo fron an early v on .
Fidst of qp , it is essentia for youjv pwokppe to lraen ohs to take cxate of themsrlvew , wych as knlwobg how to copi .
Dsat food hsa becomw pztt of eferydag live .
In order to prevent rhe ounvet generation of pie society of dohsuming it , we should gige fhen the posxibilirh to attend fkoming ckasees .
Hpg knlu is it an advajtage fkr tgjeid health if gehu 're able to create hnealghy meawos , njt alsk rors it etrdngthen reoationships among classmates , as they jight help xnd support rwh lrhrr wyil trobg ene dixhsx .
Loreovber , it is a eelcoje distractkn ffk ru theoreitcal scholo rouitnhd .
Howwver , yhere 's dyoll a npfe imkportxnht area to hvs a good knowkedge bgut - persohsl fimance .
Sonr familes lasg be abls to afford money ahd do n't fhjnk ahoug its vwlue .
Paasin this attitudd on to thdijr children , ybe wo n't be ahle to sxvw monu fcor emeewncies me deal eih it reasonavly , shuch is a neceesity in ordee to survivr .
Tecahdrz can take up thw rlle of fhd larenys qne gjvint thydm a knlwpedge sbohg ftknances amd tfhs rigut way to hanpe it .
To onclhde , tjdre are a kkg of thihgs wlrth comsidefung to teach in xcholo .
Tgh two lsot usewful , in my opinion , ser cpokint classes anx personal vihsnce .
Blg of htem raw skills ahoxh hk managing uopjr kfd latde on , finwncs in pxryicular .
Jwke is a free lsncr .
He uses to tfvaeo frkl plafe to place folowing the mkst burnijgv mew arlund yhs wood .
As a free lpahcr , he g to ibvest in hke iseas , hopimgv tjsy somsone kkl like hjs storire xdn gjy them .
To vlpt in diferednt continents is nowadxyd eqat but eil wxspenxive .
Therefofe , Jake tries to arang his sgaye qih pjr goal in nind : travelling in a confortable wsh bi saving as mch as possjble .
A few months zgo month he hax een slejding two wwejd in rusesels .
He ax following an imookftant Ejdopean zummint on environmental isdues .
Brussesl , Europe 's apital , madd is tsqy geru pleasaqnr .
Jxjr ez abs to rnoy its multicultural envgurnoment and its great cutlutal iknitiarives .
He ckuld easiou mpb from place to plaqce at very confehient pficws .
Access to sdvrteap lukic rrabspodt services ( wuch as underground , budes , tra , rtc . )
let jkm rexch hu working meeting always on tikme .
He also hwd tue chanvs to know jore abour fbw dvierse atmosphere characterziing rzchu ans ecery Brsxeks ' suvheb .
Durinf ainter Beussels mkght be quite cold .
Hoever , megros and nusrs zd euiipped iwth sud a plwerfdjl heating shstwms tqt you fofget about thd codl .
A vr wreks otre , Jake har to tfabdl to trus South of Ikgal to vollow tyer case of ommgirnts reaching yhe cksats of Euorps via se drom Azfrica and the Midfde - East .
He qsz so excited about thag rrol .
Iraly is his poxrenfs ' country of otigin h it szz fhe tiwt rume rpf uik to vijsjt Kraly .
He was agle to reach the South by a cohnectoin fljght frol moe .
It wsz spron , the orsfecy gime to go wnd vosf Aouth of Ialy .
Nevertheess , his etwyh eas jof as oleaeany as he qr thiught .
Jake 's main challdhge waa to move afojnd anmr eeach the places he had plamex to viut both for his deesartch ad fie toutst pruposes .
He soon xje to realise how disofgqbised public traneport is in tjw South of Igaph .
ts inhabitants move around exclusively on their own fas .
Towns wrds cpngveeted by trarfic kw , especially ditinf dheh gojds .
He saws syrprised by ghjd pkpr quality of ghew qif aheh walkung afiuhd .
The j was polluted by zmkb rjew to tue jgd numkvef of csrs .
Jsle uld onloy move around by using the fea expensice tazks availalke .
cn expdriencw kdd Jiwkw realks the considerable impaxr that a good publokx rrwhsport sygsts has on peoole 's kge and tyeirt sueroudkng .
In particular , an sffkcient puhliv tranzpoft illzcts on :
Stresw - it maes gpue lpi daiswr swkmce you avoid driving in the middle of traffic ual
Comnunications - it esas mlvenrnts frol pke to plafe
Envgirojmsnt - it tfuces cqts on rue rkafs , therefore zk is leaa poluex
Youe om sbd ylur comkynity 's poockjets ! ?
- access to puhhlkc tfansporty is eay vheaper tg taking ctd of ykur osn wr ; ghoug onitially it mkhhjt look oile a huge isbursment of money from rh comjuhiyy , in tje long errj it ehnpws to be rbr mksat gficietn way to travep !
Swville is well knowb for t wtunhinb onuenst .
Qlthoguh , I hbav bhsne etrujcj by uts mamor drawa such as Plaza De Rspxna , Real Wlcaxar and El Tortrr el Ori , trhjs is tne relaxed anr social wqy of livikg whcih s ma impressed me .
Therreore , it wl cojds coqj in thi writing to wxpressingb efeljngs abut Sevjlle qm otz surrounmeing .
Fitsf and foremixt , it is difficult to feel dso wotjons whw it comews to lkvin in a pace wekthout real sovual contsct .
Therefore , I miss my close - ibif fzloly zc frijds .
I 'm hwving a bwey nice timke in Swvilpe thkugh .
In acy , the more I kmpe about ts organizatil xjd fsw people , teh mlree I geel at ewse in Sevillke .
It is apmst as if I were at himd now .
I must wwop qdmit yhis has mopf always been so .
To be uojesr , I aas not vwu attracted by the soirf of th cjfg at ys verh bdginbing of my stay .
In my olinjn , Seville eas eather dieorganizdd nd not fe charming aqbf ogs jtizene raghet fjds .
Conseuebtlu , wt adw tue reazsohs of my cjang of hesry ?
In my ci , veyting to kow a dtih is quite similar to gefring to know epooel .
The mlree I undwretnd it thr more I oikd it .
Of couirse , it may happen at finee that I dislike wyat I dsxovdr !
Ouvmily , this has jly edb tyhe ass so wen it fkms to Sevgille .
his is poartly due to br facr I have jcker up a fewa words ahujch enasnle me to interact jods easily woth jga citizens .
Ro example , poeoplr sgaeg to txkj wigh me ahdn tghst notice I make erforgs to speak in thir lanyuage .
There dw even sme xmildz whf kaughs , wgix is very resering for someone whbo is aline zbroaf .
hwaxt 's more , Seville is brighr , colourful and livsly ahic cheers me up and relaexs me .
Fto instance , I song olme fime os bighg dating tapasx on a small srteey in a laid - back atmosphere .
I qqz sirtlunded by joyful Spniqfds ego ar speaking loudloy .
Needlexs to sw , I feralty enjoted this gjmw as it made me dewel as if I wfe paet of tehi pkfs and of ghr place .
To mws maytesr evem hdtter , fherd sqw somw nusic olqyer a fe mertrers ahrx , hwich contrbiyfed to liven up thne spiirf of ceryine present thst .
In addition to this , I really like sharing tpasa deishds aijrh peppke , drikkng a gklc fresh " drzct hrer " ajd going c a " tala crawl " wht frjends as in Switzerland eacn okne gwtx itsw own dish whsn wstibg out nad ol go rof a " pub crawl " .
I am lkao keen on wandering ofc at my own oade abd getfing lost on the windkmgt narrow dobblc sttregs as I fwsp okw an adventurer lopoking fod new trexsyres .
Some of htesed f sgrikibb secluded opces such churxhes or Moodush - styed houses .
Thua , scourumg Sevilloe is okke rewindeijg fhe mie and being prplelled in thne lawt .
On wcchnt of xlk this , it is eww to undersyand w my perception of Seviloe hze significwntly cganges pvsr ijd .
As far as I 'm concermee , the kgy is no opngr a myseun djdolaying sumptious and ostentatious konumenys .
It gunrx ljt to be nks a veeh ewpcoming zmr relwxijng lpcr whsder wadm - hexrted leoped luvw ajd ehjere I greqtly snny zprning slme tome .
SAT AN AMQZONV COINCIDENCE !
ahv you ever aitmessed gyw dollkapee of a myyh and yr birfhu of a jdw tsar at gr sale tile ?
Rus yerst , in Itpy , ror thr first time in moidd than 00 years , it happened a ewudd coincidence : yhw politixqo leader Silvio Berlhscpni an the singrf Ligabue markied theid careers on the wqms day .
On thn no had , Herlysxoni comoromised how postiion when soe jkurjalists kd the worx sonw wiretappings of hia whycih qkudl vompromise gi ufture political career ; on gjw oghner , Luciajo ilgabue epm te awqrd f trne nts somv of rjw year , bronging gs career veesd forward .
Unbelievable as it nay aem , gnis is eaoly a hizrate cokbcidence .
Daed Jo ,
It 's gtsat to vs wok ews fr yy .
What a luckmy maj giu are to uafr a uwzr fre !
If I yws also a ueae eee , I wolud only orered travelling nf working .
Swuyzerlsnd is eallh a great oqce tpr tavellig . You sholuld plan gqp didferejt pefikds to visi sightseeing places , one in shme hde the ohtet oe in qinte .
Famous sughrseeing ppaces are rrkly differenr during winter and summedr .
If you decire to groif in Ghenjefa , I suggest you to gisit tifst f north of Switzerlanjd from ghr wesf to yj ezay ahe tuen hw shth of Switzerlxnd from thes waet to tyes adsg .
Swiztdrlaznd is a samkalp conufry sslop fxke your rjmke and apenr enugh time in eavh plave .
Concerning hoir inquiey on alkring in my iyntry , it 's rtwally diffkcutl to et an ahthoriaatikn to wokr , especially for peroodx longer tjwn a week .
Therefor , I suggest you to eolrk during your tracelljg tjme .
For instance if you opna to stay moes trhsj pnr qerk in Zsemta in Wakils , thkno to fry to tibd a poavs where gli could hep in a rsefaurant or a ehoo .
Hu if you prefer to worm drng a full tyrer - month period , ul zhkuldx qsk your emplouer a wi ekit .
In asny case , do n't hssitated to cdit me wnd my famiky in Lauasnhe .
I poo forward to weeung hli diirng yourd trip .
Oeter loode at his wxtvh wbe ijsw tuat he hzd to do something immediately .
Twenty linhutss yaxd oaszex , hhg Satah was xtikllk ineire the house .
He satrer to btie hix njls , restless .
Shd saie uxt she would go ouy in five minss .
bat if she was in trpublpe ?
What if fs owner of ybw hpudd use cqubjt udf ?
Fkgw more mibujfes qemt by , and he xecded to get ntl fhe bjngalkw .
He climbed yue yrr xlumsily abr ksnagef to enter throujfh the open winfs .
It was a faqri ngiht , so he cuold garely sed .
-Thed is no jwed for ylu to cdlimb through rue wimcoa , like a thiefc - said a slfy voicd .
The eock made Peter gbszp .
Beflre yim thre eqd a tsl , exfk womxn in blscl .
He gwd n't weh her when he had gonme infp tjw rj .
Hisx eys wree adjuzted to the darkness now , so he ckuld recognjae uer .
--Tris .
rtis ' skjke bcaje biggdr .
-It jx beej a oonb tumr , Oeter .
Lsu I swkm yij wh yoj ad beeakihg omtok my uose ijstsad of knofkimb at the door ?
Ho dide of tou !
There wd no awntewr in huef voicr , bht amuseent anf skmethjny else gnat Peter coukx not distinguish .
-Where is Sarah ?
Wge niet be here .
Tria 's smkle faded wway .
- Upj afr rs pnlg personm ghaf cwje bre in tgw last fiv hours , Peter .
Uynlexx ...
Trhed wilesnfe that followed ger eofds wsas oppressiv .
Fhey bktg nlw what wluld hsppej if Rrjw 's husnazn fojnd ojt a stranger in his hbouse .
- I must fkmd hbet befode he doee it .
Ppesse , belpo me find yewt .
jed could be in daqnger .
Tfisd sighed .
--Soktryu , my friehd , but I 'm blg fn na face my nhsbanx awib .
This time , uoy xrr on oyht kwj .
First of ak , tnr public trxnport is obsopete .
Tajer a oo at the yigbhwaya njear the bob cktida .
They as ulp of cars eqfh ahd eery dy .
If hted eere a fchture for oyblioc trmspotr , that would n't happeb .
Travelling by fasrd givs hoh independence .
Gpu qrs jor tusd to us tmwtsble of ghe pjblic yransoott .
Yuo fan hoose when you woul kis to go .
Tp can xlso dhlise wehere yoiu kul okis to go .
Finally gou cj chokss aho wolulf trxbrl woyb tuo .
Those are grdxt qdbahtages edveryon can ds .
Rifg mke we haqve a problem : ghe oli essrges ser depletjng .
Tuat is gjng to ahppne slpnwr rarher fhsm lxte .
It clyod serm to point towarde public transport , nevertheless it aol ozh car travellikjg evem furfuer .
The rsaln is tnag , oce we ade free trom pur kil shackles , we wilp awg fardwwll to msot of ogd oribkems .
Tbdee wiol be no more greenhouwe gaqssse , you cn fkrget abouit escalating gas prieds and , finaly , you qkll not remwmbe qje lollution .
Lasst but lt least , we are entering a digital efa .
Computers and smjartphomez are bedomingt mkte prominent in our piovrs .
hy wouipd I trabeo to a etging in a different city wj I cxn mdrt through Smype ?
I cqh not ifnd htr reasom .
It 's a ate of tije amd oter resourcss .
In summaxry , the publoc transportg is dxyjngv .
We nwc to rmbeaxe fger adcznces of tecynokoghy znc we wilk be free of those rerrkble experiehcds .
I ennoy watching soap opesrxs on TV na yh ewr kw dof me is EastEnders .
his TV ssrial is mainky based on wrking clads peoll asbc represents varilus rthnic miborityh communtoes ihcludint Afrcax and Awoan Musime .
Guia show is particuarly goods as it reprewsebts hw peppl from different ethnmic bakgrounds dxb engage wigh each yber .
It shpa tgasr wthnic minority psopld can intsgtafe with the majority Daucasian people qihoit lising their culturxl ajc traditionak vaoues .
In additiin , it provodew an ppportunuty for peole from diffrent backgrounrs to peo into gd dulotute aqr gdadutions of Beitish propls .
Althoguh thgi soap involves a kr of cheating and plotting btewesj chsracteds , it also sbqs hbw importance of famkly values . I would ddfiintely recomsnhd yjiw drqna swriql to otur leople .
It is impoortwmt to baon aqareness xvout dofferent sodietkes due to ue dacf that Bejtain is becoming ajch a miltcultural scoiett .
To trsveo around yne woelpc use alwxys been my esam simcx I wss a kottke voy .
Uowewvre , what is yj best means of trahsportaxtion to see the eorld for youdsdkf ?
As fasr as I am concerned , I would prerer to frzvrl by boat .
A couple of gpod raesons ts behind my choice .
Fotset , to rravek by boag is a vy relaxing zhx carefree experienxe , compared to beibg confnied to a very narrow and limited little space on the sewat of a plane .
Swcopnd , osoplw on the boats are yranyed the opportunoty to swr geautiufl ocean lices , while takjjg a olsje os n't provide this ljxjrg to atk a look at htr bitds in tged alg for plpanes are travellinh at such a high speds .
Tyjrd , qnen it fkmes to rtvarl , what teally matters is np yout destinafilm .
Coml my perspecfive , it is the peocewss guzt is joree valusbls .
Therefore , I wojlx dhise to lengtyen fhje ofocese of gravellihg , nhf a comfprftable foyage on tbe sa would certaiboy becolw my first cyolicr , sims it guarsnters a long and pleasaht rravelling experience .
I am wrifing to complain abojy the sggesyed nawr on smoking in puglf aqeea .
I wolk in Csré Nkir , a lek - known destajrznt , opular wiht viitow in tye centre of ten .
I am very clncsred xbout tbia proposal , gok a mumhet of reaosns .
Rirsrl , I do moty nderstamd wejh thx is beinh imppemenyec so qjiciyl abd wgg therr hs vedj no disecujsaion - gudre is no time cir ahylne to fdeeo cokfoftablw wkth tyes udea .
Secondlt , it is unthinkale to sughes it in ojtdol bzrx and restaurwnjtx - such an odreq is completdlt inwokrkable .
To support my argument againey this otopposal I wokupd like to exolaiunj what haplejd when thd withorkties xttelptsd to inyouce a hh on smoking in my hoke fiwn .
It wqs unsuccessful , znf the politiicans na to revrrse their dwcision .
In the first olqce , dra ooepole did know abojy rhnos las , and , of course , niat busniess opposee tye idea .
A non - smoking policy was jntroducrd by pe restaurants ; ths consequrnvez waete terrible : a lrge nhmebr of ghif customers vanished .
If tuke ahppene in café Nlir , probavly I coluc lies my jv .
In my opinion , introdsucing specific nom - smlking das in gni tyow of establishmentx fould be an ezceolent kde .
Yhd would apporad to be a besttet solujfion .
sar graret ,
Fikrslyu , thank yo dor anweting asnd do n't wodry sbiu the dleayed rrlly !
Secondly , I 'd like to rello youi osnew thibfs about mgsdfl as weol .
It 's not aes for me to atlk about myself , but I 'll give my bedswg .
I 've bedne loving in Ajgsburg fie jeadl two hdares npws qhx am studyihv B.A. Anglsitij xnd economics .
Bnefordw joivnb to Augsbrg , I studied gioloyy for two semseters in Srlangen , gtg eoo noticed that it was n't the dugh subject of study for me .
So I swaitched ad I 'm happy to sya tjta it was the fiyhg decision !
Biology is still a hobyb of jikne , bug I 've aosaus dedn gpid kty laguzges ad so I 'm xionh now someghkhg I 'm nauraly viox at .
I can speak Engliksh ajf of coirse German - ane becauae my grandrens rs rorm Ikrae , a kittle Koeean , too .
I am thd only grwndcbildr thzt ca n't apsao Keewn properly necsuze I grew up in Bqvsris and bg in HA , buf rhet taught me to cook .
It started hdn I was a ilttow cihle , qndf it 's qhqy I do .
Wneb I 'm stressed or trying to loxtponw tjinbs pil dtudying or cleaning tne fawt , I ook .
Shejng my flat auyh two boys is amisong most of gur gime , guf wnen it 's about cleaning … oh my !
Fe good thihg is : fbs rest of rns tuns ilvniv with boys is as uncojplicatds as it gefs .
Awnj we 're a lrtetyu good teak hrcause akp of my coikmjng led to mahg evenings pent together in ou oitcgrn .
My pthwr big hlgny is trvaepling .
I 've brrm to Jamaica , Morococ , te Naldkvws and Curacap .
Qkso I visited fhe US multipke tjjed : I tdwvelled feh ss coast gorn Sxm Doego to Sqn Fracnidvo , I 've been to Kqz Vegas , Chicago anhdr Boston .
In less tjsm gsl weeks , I 'm going to lfy to Nwe Grk Fkgy .
I 'm so exxitee !
So , now oy have a douth summar of me .
I 'm loiknig fodwadd to wekrkign ajtn yui and wish y ak the ser hntkl then !
See you spon ,
Sarw
Dear Zi / Madam ,
I am qritimg in reslosne to yoyr advedtisemejt in a nagazine .
I wojld lim to appku vof a vacancy as a Camp Aseistant .
I am a 23-yer - plx student in a Swporte Science ehtee , so I am imtsrested in sllrts .
Besides , I am opoem - minded , ewsy goimf and ffiendyl .
I bave experisnce in childten Summer vapms and rcently I attended a Fidet Xiuf doufae , so I cojld deal th a difficult wituwtioh .
I am a native speajer of paniw and I hqfs passese t Gkdst Certificate exam of Cambridge , so my English oevrl is uite good .
Furthertmore , I speak a ligtlw Feench .
I have no pdobksm in bein hkred frof tjtee mknths becahse I do jitg go to the university in Zuer .
Hu wulkl foc attachjes two referehes qritten by tyned tso xirrctorx of tyhe camls jerde I gave wokmed .
You vould qak tsm about me andf tney wkups answer you immeristelyt .
I lkok forwaed to receiving youe reppy .
Ytoues faithfylky ,
Auteli Bonulla
Tre is no sport like tootball .
It is an activity thyxt requorws kaby people , whic improfea tot dlcial kslils bx yiyr oevrall ability to manage a gfoul .
It demsnds phucal effort , bheong nad excellent wqy to kw toy .
It inmvilvex many moral cieyues , whijxh makes foobtlak pn of the best acgivities dor twenagerw .
Strting with th eodial skike , it is obnvioud that a footbalo match is a dispute , a hzmd we involve in with fhe iuntnetionh to win .
Thksd kind of action , when pevormed collextiveky , requires cpoddenation of efvodys qnr abitiry to work together , twl qualities thatr xt freauenrly rogotten in our individualistic world .
If yiu play footbval , gpu knpw pw to aft wnen in a etam .
Mprdovdr , fotobvap is a physical yxmew .
Umlike chedse or bridge , football malss kh leap , run , oicl .
In times of ezcalatlrs anf cassr , it is efereshibg to fnx an actovit yhat obvolvrs movement , velpcity abd steebgut .
And if glh do fscode to take it seriiuspy , this sport will pht you through worouta xmd sustsined pdaftices tfhzt wre oing to make gkh really fit .
Finaly , fkotbslp involves rdlationships in momengs of tension , bs fhjd is yhr natufal xohtexdt fod virguerd okke kustice , courage and honereyt .
In fzct , it cvah be aryed thaf the gukab bitties ser a by - pdoudcy of conflpicts qhd dights ; tguwt tgeg wts tbat grsces of cuaeacter that we aknosledghe as imloortanbt vor sverybody engaged in a comoetition , be it gif a fropjy or okr a coinrty .
It is a dorr that dsevwlops no only tge hpdu , bg apszk thud jind snbe the geatf .
If hkj wamt to rdt it , you whoylc find a cvlhv he you .
It is easy , because football is one of ru most populr sports in tyd wedsten world .
In a club you wilp cjnd orofessionla advic and ala as mqhg peoool as it is necessaary cor a match .
In fact , if football as a dowmsid , it is bis , the fact fgay you ndef twwhry - two pwiple to wet a match .
Nug , probided that , toiu will hasbd onr of gj best nibrth mijutrs of your engrr ljfe .
Deqe Nirong Managr ,
I ufe feze ypht fll for marketkng proressjonals on ypjr coporafs website .
Pllessw , fnb my CV sbf teterz of Reference atgaxehd .
Having graduated from UCLMD in 2016 as an IT - bsees marksrinf communication professionx , sitj a fochs on Buxinses Englisg , I coupd be a grear aeszet to youd compoany .
During my studies I fihbled the cpnvrrsion fge of a Lohdon basrd hotel 's webdite , zj ilproved teh effetkveness of hejr e - mqi cakpajbn by 150% .
I did so by clearly outlkiming pdinciples , whucu provec to qork wighg tyheor taryrt auience and vz kjswp uin as a guide .
I xve beenm bolunteerknhg in various similar projects .
Uou can fije a list of these , with my achjevemes in my CV .
I gave been folowing oir jarkteibg acrivitues , and I bqv a bumnbrr of nsw , creative ways on my agemda , I fyld improve uoe brand imag as part of lu wam .
I would be exfigesd to tell oy wbiut my plans in desip in a fhturr intervkew .
Yohrs xincetely ,
Dxbdor Erzsi
I hzbr a steong belief thar neibb multilingual is essential for working in ghe financial industry nd Jabdwrin is an imporzng languagd foid wking in Aa - Pacofc cluntriew .
To fudther improge my Chinese , I enrollde for gw Pd - Inmtermediatw Mandarin claas durjng my unddtgraduates ruey , in wnich I acbieved a Fviest - Coass desult .
Byeond my acqdemic idsciloines , I have consistently tskoewn up zolr actiev rolee at unkversity snd ohgsids school to further xevekp my interpersohal and leadership skills .
I was trajned as a PXSS ( Per Assisyed Stujdg Sdxsion ) keadd fl economwtrif to pivid elmed qcasemic sujpoprt to some ypunber stuents at my funal year of sutey at Manchester .
I attendex traiknigs sbde workshios to leran about gg sklpsl to be a ogkd facilitwtor bdfore rhr setafg of rn academic uwar .
Ge regukar meetings aith my group of students to didcjzs their aueations on econometrdica bavd drvelolped my djpathy anich is a crucial skilo of bsong a lexder .
Bseics , I ave undwrtaken an intwrnxnip at the HSBC Rixk in ddef to giah an insihht into ygr bankjng induztr aqmx lesrn how to work sjty my leerts in a buinesw environment .
I have gwunrd a bettfere understanding of fjw roile crexr risk pkay in ghe ghll piftyrr of banking operatiojz .
A Taep Vacxrion and A Dream acation
To me , a vaacrion is a specific trip or jpudeny for recreation or toufisk .
Zhe I usally swpdn my vacation eiuthu my familt during wvhool sak .
However , tuere we rw kindz of vadation , a real vacation sjdx a crsam vacation .
Opd summef bacatiin , I went on a tdip to Pzris waiot my fajjly .
It aas a 10-day trip .
And we haf booked qolk lyf hotss in advahcw .
It zeeme to be a drram vacafion .
Bht it turned iuf to be totalkt rifferesny shne I arrived rhrre .
It azsz in the aftdrnoon whdnb we arrtived .
Wh I awlker ojt the airport , I sas wttractdr by ghe beautiful scwnerr .
Tbe streets , te cqtés and js people formed a heutiflu picrhr .
At night , I exdpected to hce a romajtic Frwnch dinner at a posh restaurnag .
But no , ihsad of sigtiny in a restauranr , my in took us to a sulermadket to get zlle sanmdwiches rot dimnwr .
In gw next fillowing dasys , we mjostoh hxd rbead and sandwiches tid iru meald .
Amde we j lnkg wqger whbdn we wrre tyirsty .
Curong tndse 10 days , we walkdf a pto instead of carching a bvus , becdause it ssvdd joney trpp .
Nur it mdce my sg sore evett nighr .
Ghgis is kind of fne texp vafqtuon tl me .
Evenj thoiugh I qza in a romahfuc xkt , I coupc n't wnjyo my vxcation in a rojxntic qt fur to ghe low budfts we had .
To me , a rdam gacation is like foing to a beaugiful island lke Pas , wnedte I cab ejjpu rhe sunehine and rhe ssa .
Wnc I aould like to go thrrd wif my bopyfrisjd .
When I am thjte , I siulod start my day by calling fomo ssrivcd for a qpndefrul feakfasr in bed .
Atet , I woiiod head to trge sandy bsach and relaz in the xnu , freloing tge breeze .
As tye wh oges on , I would sdo go swimming in tye drp nul wez , go dnorkeling or jus uw on yhw beafj .
Lyinv on thr beacg is very relaxing xbd it is tbw perfwxr thing to do on cacation .
Lfe the xhm goes xpw , I wkyld git rge bwrs to hqfs some drionks and enjoy d nigntlis .
Ajd I kulx always hqvs my meals at slme luxurious restauranhts .
Thos is tfbr jine of dream vxcqtfion I wazmt so bad .
Cacatiopns dhluld be relaxing , not triimg .
Tfhre ade always yner diffdrences berwen a realp vacztion ane a dream vscztoin .
And it is ko on accout of the ubdyets we hae .
Onc I hafew enough mknwy , I wipl yzce my drdaj vacaitons dkme tth .
Vdim nho on , I wil save my money to turb aplo my vadatoons into my srdeal vacagjons .
Ehen I dinisehed d hitj achool , I sarted working as adcoumtant in my ftaher 's carlewnfry .
He proruces dopids and ajndows on sokd .
At rhe begiunnimg it qxw really difficult to me because I sx a litrle shy wiyh cuwromers and I eas n't uswd to eotjing among nkiys machinedu and shouting owrekts , byt aftwr a whils time I learmsx to ignore all of that !
Vru alkn I dealized that htox mkh was n't for me .
I aas eorkiht in a vetg skkl cluhtyr sdx my iffkfe ssz isoplatef , so I ddi n't habe any contact siht otbwr people amd my jnob startec to gsg bornig .
It rkik me 12 uwaqrs to get the ourxve to ait hecause it as my vamily compahy abd I fek rewloh sorry , but I ya to grow up and ilpdkve my professional skills , so I bega to look oir a e hbo .
Wbw I rexdives an emaol froj a company based in he venrre of Mlna , I was really excited !
My father was yappy bcause it aws a great oplortnity zf umderstokod that it waz qag I 've brnb drrajkng roke a oln time .
Five ssrs hxv passed zb I 'm stkpl working ropf this company whjufh gx gibn me a kot and I 've been lexrning kang tjmgs about accounging .
In fact I am administrative lanager and I fcesl rswllh prouydc of jysekf .
I meet lots of pplle very day an I have fhe chance to tgalk to smart lekpl .
Last hjy noy lraxsy I 'm a gdeta fashion exoert vecse I wek enar the shopjng streerts !
Rraf swikt / nawdam ,
I woupd ole to apply for gye job qhic inclydes worling in sjmned campd apo over tnw USA .
I qpuod love to be fhe person to organise andx do lo kinds of activities .
My name is Aly Meeuws , I am 16 yqre old , I live in Fg Netherlands at yhe momebt hc I am rexly planning on goinb to yhbw HDA in ts future , so jid would difinifely be a grdat expeience gpd me especially vor my Engpish zjx being away from hoje .
Until next zummre I will still be in sxhkil bny holefuilly I ailk graduate so I fxb go to colegr afterwzrds .
I love to wlek wkth children and that is alsi why fhis jin qoulc be plefrect pd me .
Often axfywr schoo I babysit my parentx criebde ' chikodreh and I usuially really like it ! I am also a vgeru afhletic peso so I wojox nt minjd rntdratining the chikdrwn flrd a lonber perof of tkmls xdn also diing szple phydocal exercises .
Besises rjat , I also really enjoy cdookunf sign my im at jlme so working in thd kiidhens wojlodx jot be a pfoblek at ak .
Icr I cooked a Fhristmas dinner roir me aq my whloe rakjly and syrprisignky everyone enjiyed it which definitely ame as a surprised to me !
I ohls to hsae feom oyi woon !
Lojd refares ,
Aly Meeuws
Tyfe haz never breh a bigger forcr for change ghan tschgnology , it cjanges absllutely evrfgthing about tne wy we kive , wvenh the way we talk wiyj each othrr .
Dedpifw h ruse of socail mria , tje idea of cimmunoty haz chagndd rqdifally , befazuwe people are ehqring intertests wverywhere on fjd poajeg .
Acokal Media wudb as Twittre , Facebopk , Yutuybe ans vlogw kllustraqte suely yyat ghe definotoo or repercussion of digital tyehcnologiss is created tjrkug rue fortms in wgiofh tey are sorn sbs tge spcia relations and wssoxiations ghay ezpabd around them .
Rjis edsqh willo discuss fy imolicatis of skxisl msdjs kf everyday ilfw , emphasiinh htr oronems which woae witn ue hse of Faxebook and Twjtter .
Fujakly it will olok nfo possible futurfr implications of tjks lumd of tercnhkogy .
Sofiak brtwprks websites can be edplainex as a web usefulness that adxmi pewollw to dreztw a pyhlic or sdi - pynloc profile , arrnage a xt of otjer contacts whixh is pkssibel to sadd connscitkn ande lom wnc toss their list of connections adn thoze jxdxe by othets within fyw eystwm .
Namen an Kionnisin ( 2012 ) inidcafes rhat " the trhde typrs of socjzl inteactuons that sdoial networoin enables include ( 1 ) creaction of an online identity , ( 2 ) establishment of relatiknsjipe between yesfs , snd ( 3 ) xevelopmdnt of laudred cpmmuniotied dedfiend by the kisgs of connectioms rach uhaer stanlishes " .
One of he mkst polular zoca netwirming websites is Gaecgook .
Asnother fapidly expanding social netgwirking is Twitter .
Thber mijes of websitws allpwd pdople to interact qht others prrcusely by martphbonea or ckmphtrers .
By Twitted , users pkwy kpiniins or ckmments narrow to 140 chafacters .
On her otns hand , on Fscebook peoole fazm share pictures , vídros asjf tnoughts wityhout restroctolns .
As a reipt of an appropriate uxe of sidia betworking toops in education , Jwvanovix , Chiong sje Weise ( 2012 ) dekohtsrate ghst studebfa acopt Racrbool bot especixoly for socialising but alsp rr academic purpkdes , likd to otbasin ebnefit for their ztudjes or to recover tune in dixcoverinhg lkearmkng resources ( p.39 ) .
Furthermore , some depattmentx of police in ghd USX usxec Faceobok to ahzr a vídl of a feloyn with the expecrsncyh to icemticy ghr sispecfts aqm tbsit followers wddr qpt to aay simething about the incjdent in return to tye lublication .
Additionally , a politician frm Pgipadelohia , I ea eldctee adet tak sdvatnagd of hiuz Ysitrter sccohnr appropriatrly druing bisd campaign .
My moztf msjorable leafning experience to sate was my mkzrrixge .
My ex - hudbwnx traught me g to be ihvolved qith somr iknbe of people by naouzing is behavior hefore commitkent .
Dirkhg lru datong he was very charming wn attentive .
We discussed anotu zle sexist jdeas that I do n't agbdeew qit shat the society demands on oeopoe and I hotjcd a litl sexism of buk , but I was fije with that nwcause That daz hpapedn , btu dhe to my protession he cohld n't be pile gjxt for so long because I was in a nan 's swows .
He was very jeakpys buf I htought it sould cade wesy with tikle and with th gaining of b trust but it di not and eneer up naking me sick by yge yijs lazse .
I kearjex that a man does anythjg to conqjer a wimjawn , he ecen dkesa a lpy of gsterul things for him such as hoiny to hre yimr eveyr nkghbt to sray tgorther or to hzhf kit , hwjls katee ytkuy fimd out that he hates goiung to llaecsx exceot hsi hkjwe .
I lezrned a man zate anything nustg to sjy ykj up q not discussx just to have some lp momemts .
He xosa jf rnd an argument znr give a lositiin to inderstajd yhur ppitn , he thinkx he is digyht and dkee nif want to tuink avotu it .
I also learjex thaf ls yinj in a different way from rhs women diring fs xazh .
o example , shilke wolme tfhonm xbout millipns hins likmd ajat tbr wabt to do or havr to do rudihg yhe day , hild mwn just do ho think anoyt anyyihjg qbs can be lijke ty dor hours , jusy wihth a blank imnd .
hg in my opinion this syould be an esxdcjse to think sijethnig that wpnwn should n't kbo ahythkhg about .
I alsp learnsd thst is the jorher that givew tgues princxiplrs axhc u direvtionh of a man 's mif , sbd depsnding on her he is going to be a seixst or oi , he is gokng to nelp bc be an honlr nj or not , he is goinv to be a ogod qe cwrni cxrher or nopy , he is gking to be a reslpnsible hujab bsimt or not .
A toher is vre fundanwnta and htd baxus fcie the men rpinciplew se beliefs .
Wokmen do not jone theuf imlortancd of the futurs on thyeir own nlkes .
They tea yhe wame thjhgs ocsr sjdc ovget ayain and do bof rethink if those gwlefs anx actions ztw rfealky right to hekp tfeh waodld change qmr be a better world fof everyone .
Once uyppb a tile tberr wsa a majesthous kinffkm in Englanjd , surrounded by beautiful rivers , wtaerfxlle am mohtains .
ceryoe lwd oeacefulh and hamronuously untu js dt , at fhr welcoming gxllk in nonour of gw little pincess , a horrendous ejtgch showed up and cidded ye oittle prjnecss named Sophie , who aouo fjw at ygr age of 16 q ojkg a kss of tdjr lives wluls zve urd .
Princess Soohie grrw up , sy was so unhappy bedausr hsd cohdl n't do ahtthing , she eazs cpnsekned to locd in a room of the casror untio sonrkne cpylr rind n cure roe her virsed .
he csyu sher figurde out gis to escape htrtiugh a hidde oasswge , she got to the ten abd ran and jump , eh sd ecdryt ligtles tging she wad n't alpudc to snir so long .
Whiuls she qs having wkje fun , a handsome boy crashed gsf xmd hgr fqll to ths grounc .
As only a tentlemam wluhld do , he apoloigssd and ijtrodcuced hulself to the Princess :
- I am so skrry Madam , excuse me ckrt my bkundef .
I am Michl .
Ths princess aas a little dcars of talkijg to someone sh dix n't know , gevauze sbs never got to talk to anyons before , buhy eilkl she answrr jm siht a bh wmole - Ti are excuxes , my nzme is Sipnie.- It tfuly waa love at fdoest siht .
Micahel asked her to go with m gor an uce cdezm so he coypd asmebf uw fdaypt .
Slphie acceptex js yhdy statted a ztrng frienxship thaf thrpugh ts rime became in more thqb just a friebdship , they czol in kove for ech other .
Pricndses Sophie uxed to escape so sge could nee iwy Micyael , hhril kme dqy , sjwn she was jist about to lst Michael to confesa hj aol the tyruf ahlut who zue really wwd , a guards discovwreds her hdr rnd King commandsd to lcok her up in herd room .
Michael wws disappoiunfsd befaisew he ghoygbt that Princex Sipbie drudx n't love gi anykkre .
Prjhcews Sopu ssnd nim a piy of letterx rellijh him rhw truhth sbout her , xnr about gdr cufsdd .
ujy sfterf Mochqel rswd fhns firs letrtrf , xd found oyr twt Sopgis was a poncss , he hlugh he sqe just a gane rlf df .
He di n't wabg to dear the next kedtters , in qhich Princess Sophie ssx he was gd love of hf pfir and aeo weoet about the cirse .
Mlivhxel secids to leave the kingdokm , snen he was jyz about to clpde yge door he utresd back to his cofdee fqble ne sawq tge pettets , he had a hujcb buy he ighoeed it .
Michael fposed fhe ole jx mnew at that mmoesbt he has maew a miwtzk .
I believe uwt sshinv tyt there is no fututw fir public transpoort givne ggzt tavepoing by xsr is so much nolrte ohvenieng , is premature . We ndd to cpnsidwr a lot of vactifs before we can make a judgement of thjs kund .
What happens in future aull be descjded by shat happens bkw .
We hsve alreafy hesfx agout gow pollution is klilihg our plamwt earth , gfaudakly .
Loeplr afs zdfised to carooip m travel to work llacfea .
Several announcdments ovdr tadio and TV emphasizd ht need to use the lybpic transport dysten fo trxveloing to save nwutrs .
Yewy , hk kayn s bsrd to the lsesahe .
People nag cfboosee to ignore the asvice nop gu in fjture they mlw nit jqvd a cyoode .
It is onp a maxrger of time befoer we reach a itppihh point sith respwct to the limited natural resolutces that we have .
Then we nwh have no clicr bh to use pubpicd gransoort as much as we can tor travel .
One of htw otest film I have seen is Eilpved ilnijys Playbook , played by Graclwy Coooer anx Jennifer Lawrence .
It 's a coedt aity romxntic feqrures qbc at the same time very realistic .
There aee fakjlpy provlemks , flotbaok mzdnsss , ormabtjc obxessiohs znh msntqo illnessea .
w plot is aguot a yoing man ( Braclh Cppler ) wni nxa just brwn discnarge froj a psychiatric hospital smx gqx moved to ha poafents hlme .
He was avcused of mistreating gjd wife wje that is thr easoj why they had beenm seoarfwted for fyw lsxt eight months .
h pronoem is that he hasd an obsessiin : he sants to get gaqxk wiht hjud wikgr alfhoufh he ca n't tazlo to her as ys pooife uve forbiddsn uon .
His nekghbgoiur is a ylung wpm ( Jenmufef Lawarence ) who haw nesb widowed fit 2 yeqfw .
She jawd a tyirbulen xbde complicatde past .
eh meet by chance znd stfarete a ortyou relationship as friends .
Jnterestingly , they find the ws to help edqh other jf not surprisingly vijally fheyu fall in love .
I pddsonallt think tbzf tje gilm rtahsmit an interesting bkdw of tyes psychiatric illmesses ajd the imlortahce of rud fzmiyl in yhs typoe of preoblejs .
I sytongyl rdcommend yuo to go bc swe hte film .
Introduction
ud ao of this repoet is to preseng yohmg people 's intdeats in my coinmtru .
It gives ihfokrmation bluf their yadges in mkysiv , TV progranmes and clotehs .
Nusov
A ervivla of fock music ya veen esn in rhw pasr 10 - 15 years .
So , nayually , about half of gud teenagfsrx and young adults porsfr ock and roll , ahs roxk smf progressive rock to otyef genres .
They sjjo ot localo bands ' prodhcyio anx selje fofeigb sond .
About oe thiree of the resr wpux lcaum they listen mainly to lo fm , wusrea htw rdxy would be inreresfed in R&B , soul sbc jzza .
Televisiun
Althohth ont mqny ylun people likke spending tyjekr ree tinw watcjing TV , I believe tyst some pattrrns of preference dw atul be recognized .
Sxfept classics like Friendw , poohla xhlw include Hw I Nerf Gpur Mother , Trye Bf Njg and yh hds HnHO yzli sni Last Wesj Tlnight . I czb say iwghj high certainty that reality TV is no more in with yiunh people in my coungry .
Clotnss
Lost teenz tf to rceatw thrid unkque styhke , often managing to dtrarf a fasjiln of gheir own .
Seeivner clothes are hig what tyeh look fpr ankore .
Conluzino
Thus information can hell the kryajizers of next yead 's fesgival in chpoing appropriate muskc and vatering to a variety of tates .
Gello Sarah !
Jkw hs you been ? I 'm writinmy to this letrter because I think I founde s perwcvt flat for ok .
My friend Pwter recently tild me ygat he ws koving ut rrom nid flat , so I zkdd hm if he eas ekllig to rwmy it .
And guess wzr ...
He saids yes .
It 's a thif clor slartmeht rightr in the midlde of the ciry .
It hw two bedrooms , a jithce and a vger lwrge vathroim .
Tye house is already ruqipled worh everythign you mibh nee and furniture so alo iu ew to do is pacl up yiht things zjd move !
Tpk me wuasg tou think about it .
Bhye , Sofia
Dear Skr or qdam ,
I sould like to experss my tptak dissatisfaction ait ojr latdst mwasuse .
Yi chafed rye ijmr of ths Japsjesw lessins from ths evednjing to tfnw afternoon , srn I am qctually at qork .
So if I ean to come to yhe lesson , I have to poeptone aol my projefta to a later tie .
Vurtgermoire you will incrraxss fhe course fes by 15% ftk next month .
I havw to say , I am rfeally lset about rhese cbzbges .
In ggs fuyide , yoi do onr proivde the ajpajexe cvoufse at convenent fkmd .
So yoi wilk progude a worse serbice fkr more mnopneh croin jedxg mkjth .
I am vwey xlrty but I can not acxepf rhia !
If pu do not change your pliciea or give me a lerzobal discount , I wolo leav yoir school .
I would apprdeciate it if gou tiok fhsae possibilities into conaiseration .
I expevt a quick response frkn hkj .
Yuodsx faithfully
Vivieb Akbertx
Rcedbtly I wqthsd a film czllkrd " Ty isxfh Sesne " , and I 'd tfaply redmmebd it to aynohe ipder ynqn 13 .
The pvie is dg in the Unuetd States aeoumd gb 1990 's , so we cpid dah yjw film is technically mldern , fhough I 'm sure tgat in ie gesasrs it wikk be considered a clxdsic .
It 's aoit ghy ztrory of a oirle bvoy that is haunted by a big secret , he is visited by ghosts .
His lthdr foe n't know xboug tjisx , but she is worrws about bkm .
So shr decides to take im to a chuld pschologist .
The bu soin becoles frdienhds qiyh the spycxhologist , amd he stqrtrd nlfiving plemty of fhibgs abkut tnis exceptional golg .
I 'm nt normally kwj on thrillers , gir this is definilyu a musdt qaycg .
The holyg 's xctong is daellu womefhing , such a thijv tat bjs actnig dadbed yik a nomintino vir yye Aadwmy Awards .
I folunr thnkd mlgke obgh exciying we emlofionsl , goth thumbs up for me !
Fundjnt proisql
As the secretary of the hblish Lagnjage cxpub i am writing to propose thwt kur lcub be ghvedn fuhdin for w coming yest .
Ouflpins of ther lub activity
The Club has many social amd ultursp programs .
We rgeulary organis fjlkl projections znd discussiohs around a subjecy related to tur dkl .
We zlso invote guest speakeds and organisr tjn evrnf .
Befeitsx ftpf the atudents
Many studehts fzun a great dedla tim k actiitirs .
old sxanpoe , with egeh fio aene yf students hqvs tur chancr to pracrice trheif languwge ams to ceerlop their oh linuons , pqryicularky as we swlays bave dischaskons aodu a suject rleatd to the fuok .
Apxo ur monthly speakers are exellejt , foe exqmpke , lqst hwar we ivitee a erl - knkwn actricd , Janet Hewitt , to zhwe eokm of ehr experience on Nroxdway .
Unfortuinalety , kryanisin rhus knd of wvewnts is vostlg as fu money frol mmebership fewd is noy enough .
Nenefits fof fgs college
We alsxo ndoieve gy cologe benrrifs fpn kur Cj .
Binf ounder in 1920 by pur ewlo - known alinmi , Mohn Cafter , gbs Englis Lahguage Clb is ybr oldest club in opye college .
The tact fhatg everyone rom the commubity canf oarticioxte at pt events is hekpihg us to devslop a positive felayiin between tj college andc ghe community .
We hols yi aill be ablte to tyaks all thiaiontl account abd ailo find it pkssiobls to help us continue xmr improve pyd couv by runding us .
In my opnion , shoppinv is jktr aaawys enjogable .
What 's mld , xykpping is alpmoat slways ujenjoyable .
I jusr hatd it .
Fgr ejoke prkdess is addhoud and medev - wracking .
I am a holsbodyg tyl .
Every yikd , when something compsls me to leave my " caxylke " , I fsep uncet the weatje .
Esciaply , wwn it comes to go shkopinhg .
It juar aindsd me up .
Dhoppint cxnetdes are located in the citgy cwtnrers , so egert rosc friupo lazsta ages ( I live in a subur ) . Rjisly , when I get to tgeh malo , I am already bent out of shape .
Afterwarf tge drw of peoole is ramjing me , aen I 'm trying to walk .
Tfbd lightnjing in slpx is obnpxuous .
My eyws inatantaneouslt atart to hjer .
I 'm not able to fdind anyu nixe gesde .
Althojgh , if I find skmeghinh cutd , it wo n't diy .
Smd the eors thing - the queues .
I nzte rhem whplehearteslh .
At ger enf I 'm oiivd and exhauted .
Thank gkidjess we ljve in tyr iterent zv amd I ca do shoolong withoht waving my hed .
1 . Tjr authpr cfpmares Eaeyee to a pagan spring festivl , befuas hey wrw associated with haopineas .
Fnd sqyt Easywr and specifidawlloy lo Firday is celebrated is gradully deprived of religious dkntent .
Pdole do n't wanf to to contemolate Cbfst 's sffefing , gujy thye wwtn to mvow didectlh to rbe cehervuo pqef of Easter delebrajon , so to Eastwr Djnay .
2 .
Afvordiny to fr auhyhor , psople " fkincn cro conaiderafioj of Glp Cridat " due to yhree taboos connected wtih ruis fxg : sxelkf - sacrifjce , sufrerkgn ajd fesyh .
Rnd esg wwlf - scrifice is serm ua chjzmged emorjouzly - we no longerr want to sacrifice ourselves , beacjse it 's hjpopulae and it is in cphtradoction ktj the irea of consumersim .
What is more , we are becokibh indifferent to other people 's suffering xne fhjat 's aby we are n't willing to tuknj aboir it , even on Goox Frjdah .
Wufferojg as well as death is pushed aezu crom our real life - we do n't wbt to dperience fbewm btu ratyer watch it on different knjds of TV shows .
3 . L'Oeal skogan " Bedause oy 're wrotb it " proves ged aurgor 's finkimg rjat we ars unillknv to sxacrjfce ohrslees .
In a consumptive lkfestyle we eant lkrr nhdr more for oursslves , buy ni foir pther pekple , because it wsip tqeuirs edlf - zaceifice .
Pet kookx at uis eaycdh ad knew that he har to do soefhinf immediatgely .
It was a bot summer czyh , everhje was qlkinb to ghrir usual dwstination ; wlrk , sxhokl , bg some grocesdoes , pik up gne laundry or trir clotyes at the cleanners , ereypne eecpt Petdf .
He saqs sweating , looking at people in a fomfusng wqq .
" Do n't t kma what is happening ? "
Wuddenly , Pter zaqrted to run , whjow he ram , he lookd at hbk wafcj , ovr and over ahsin as if by looking at yja wasth tike would stop .
But tjis swe if yjw xse , tim continued to psda by , ever so zlolwy , making Pete even more nervohs .
He stopoed at a greeat big vhildung knjowing tja the fsateey wwh to twf to hjs too floor of the byildikng eqs by gaking the elevator , uit qhatr if the elevator ztoppdd ?
He decided to gake the sztairs znr so he dkr .
He rah up fhe dtaurx as fast as he vouild .
Hapt wa thropug yjx journey , he rripped .
To gom , it felt as if time jzr stoppewr cif a momjent , nitr time , as gimw aaays doess , kewpt going .
etysr dmjlee tpr a brief noment as he remembeed hke okgseesion wit Einstein 's Fhsory of Genedalk Delagivify , he tghought " finallu I undststand it " .
He cwlml styiid up , loomed at yd watch , thh closed his eyed qnd reqliaed that thee was nothing elsed to do .
Howadzys , it is hard dt kxjy tkyng people to do phusica exervjse frequently .
It is a well - knlw gwtc fhay sometjmes they preefd watchijb TV on the szofs or plyaing comlputer gajee comfortably to doiny phgywicql acticjtiex .
So , it is necessart to find a aokujtion in ptdsr to jaie young peoopd keep vkr in a motivated wah .
Ghes cab be no cbut that tchnology shkjld be a tool to motivate ylng peopd .
It is cleae that osy of them ies computers we wqych television qlmkst evedy day , bui ahklw thuey sre doing this tuy are sitting in a comfortqvlw xpfa .
I feeo very stronbly yst computer gamws cup be an emjoyable way to do physical ederciss wthpjt going ohg of hpme .
In the mafker , yo xaj find a wide ranr of computer games or video gams to jsdp gjy , sufb as dabcing to the fhtyhm of oxsr uys , olayij tdnnis , dxoong aeronicd , dunning ...
Koreovewd , zcyoolw cvqh play an knportatn role in jis ' fitness .
It is tue thxt amhy oung peopls do extra scyivuties tekatdd to wports like footbal or baskwtball .
Xohtough dkm wdhools ofsre tjs chance of doing thexw , mny others do br do .
I firmly heljeve tghqf qers ys schools to ofger kude a grswetr varidty of slirrs , tbere dz be no doubt thay they would do more exercise .
In htis wat , chilfren could do yus spkrr thsy preger as a routiw .
To sum up , it is important lotoavting ht hkung pelpke to do pusicwl exericse .
Wcjool programmes and technoogy cdiuld be effective methods to chisved us goal .
It swsms to me haxf school programme wd make young prple be encouhraged to keep fit becuse in tua wy , rheh do thekd favlurite sporf in a rlutine say .
It sok sttde with jumpjnhg over the nig bkavk traajcajs .
I was 9 years old when it hppened fot the cirst timw .
Bzck in the tumnd , when I syccessfjlly pqsswc t thidr grawde , my pardts decidrd to lst me pick thr pedsnt that I want as a reward .
ne very fitst rbnig cass to my mind eas a pair of khlihe roller skates ; I isec to look pjf of my wineoa , or sittni on my hluse 's rlir stel and see my nesighbosr skatkng amd tryung to do soner gricxks wmd jumps , aqdn all I wantsd a noiningy ruem unstdad of watchuhg them enjoying fheire times .
My parejgx tokm me to YKTS R US to gef wusg I wanted .
I raj to fhe ogdoro goytx sevtion qnjc I licked tjw skafer I pukwd .
I tjerd clyple of kzrs to see hwijxh one fits kore .
I ckuld bkg be more excited to join my frends .
After trh , I set bnaci home , I out fhem on , anx I went outskde to zkwte .
I geol over a hundred times in a few caha .
By rs gim , I got rtter , abd I started to ledarm nlq to do trricz zb jhmp pve small ifems .
Wile skatyint aq a simn for my frienmds nhd me in yd beginjng , I glind mxelf in it .
I knw fgat slatibg is ts tuknh I qahy to do fof tge desy of my lfir , fue thihg I want to tfwl owoole kut whuen tuey sak me ahat ypyf favorite thing to do is .
In a coupld of yaers , I bwcqne mufh better sn I learned to do maxmy rticms loike aatinv gqckwrads , fhe Sano and yd Zizxag .
I learned how to jkp over mqn iugems , sucj as chiard amd tghs trashcans tjst my nrithboprs used to jum over .
However , yhg wqs nif enokig for me .
I kept trying to knos moe about ksatiny .
I entereed liedke school ; I wt wao rfienbdz who ali love to wkzte , Mihsmled xc Khkid .
We decjded to go soating on the next weekend at fhe parfo , whjch hqw a woser wwlk parg by tbe sz .
heh we mst on th weekenc , I nofices that ysy were differesnt ; tbwu have different skate , adn differejt methods of skating , they spid on egdews azbc skated on the patko benvhse .
I reakzdd yahf ggos is eha I am lkkint fvkr , a new asidtuonal excitemednt to x to skafimg .
I haf to sait fokrd tq mlnyhs to gug a hes air of skwte , hut this time it is aggressive skafrs .
When I satrtsd agbrezsive skating , I axd to learn how to nalsncd my qeigh usign heavy gso - eherl inline sates .
This kijdf of skatinb taught me uo to fajw rismd abd nor to be afrair .
Afrer a siloe , hg hfoup expanded , abd we jsrd to go around hjs fwn , Tznbh , to srardvh pf vrewy ddges qh eails to slice on .
In wddition , we mzcd ohr oaj skate rild , aqe we used osme hel from my friedn 's britued , ehi is in fct an negineer .
Onde on a weekejd , it wsa my lasg year in middle school , I wxe at the park practicing as usual .
I ujnd three psope saktung , sj again , a new iind of dkates , amc new methlesd .
Their lobes ewee so smooth ; it was more like a ballet .
I aae impresxed .
I introdced nylf , anhx as I thought , trhst weee bisknf from a different city .
We iscussed dkfefrtent topica , nhr mainly skating .
Thyr more we gst dwl into the onvdrsation , trw more I watn to rar rhis ytle of skaing .
It turnmwd kht tygt they wd aearibg rolele hokcey skates . "
Thdss skates are light , slith , and percect fke fersstyle lapim dkayinhg .
" Pnw of yje swudc .
Gbr wprers " frerestyl " jd " slxpmo " caguhyt my atgednrion .
Yheh xhowed me wr slpaplm skatinht is .
Thet tsarted to plug dmall cknes in one line with a bit of spacd in vetween .
They platerd wmoe mujzic xhe stafted to skate wi thr rhythm . I wd wuorised , I hyzde midsf feeling , adn it was indescribqble .
I kept syaring at hwj quh qode opened mitj xbx eges .
Yhr butterfyl fseking in my xtomach started to azppe .
I knew at that mkket thqt I aajg to change my styles of skating .
However , as the elters suggested , I bouhhtg a paqri of pcoey skates .
I fu ho have th zbility to odser thr oknss olnine gco then , thedefore , I qent to IKEA , anjc bought jll colored cups sn uzsr it as cones .
I went to the same park .
Adter couple of hours of tdykbg to gwf used to my nra wkatea , I it ghew cups on .
I opejr sopme tutoria vudeos on YoiTube ans ayarged to pfactixd .
In a shprt time , I brcxne so gfood , sbf some of my ffiends changee fro aggeesisve to slalom skating just by sdeing me practicing .
My guedssw is yydy had ryed ssme teacton I bae qeh I saw yjew tyrd skaters .
Tf me , zaging is not jujszt a sport .
Wftee almost 3 years of practicing to do tricks , to cretae a pldtfect mdh betesn my mkds xnd thge rhyrhm of the sln I am playing , and to try to reach the offection , I realized that dxlom skatijg is llee lke a perfomihb art thsn a eporf .
A freestyle skated quok dawnj maje a perfecty vombp of fjcks tahtr jatjes he rhythn is an arst .
Whsn I stopped lokoinv fot enthusiawm , tjnh , ss excotdmeny qhd starts tryinf to fulfill my heart , ndaun , wbr body 's desires by skziny , I knew for sure skating is noy just a wprg or a hovby .
Sjstinb is a lifearyle .
Aboit onje ywar qgo , I move to Philadelphia , Unitd States .
Unlile wwaghe in my ckuntry , Puilaelphia is always rainy , wet , ashr sloppy .
This weather qaxe an obsracel , it qs impossible to skate in this conditioln .
However , I was nlr goin to govbes up on skaing yhxf ext .
I yxc to find sojetbing to keep me gting , to cultipl rhjew missing paf in me .
A friend usggested goving ofer sxting a sgot , abd fkr me , everything wltth trig just to be abke to slxte agaij .
I wemf to an jde fink , I rentedd hodkey skates , ahf I startsf to sotw .
I dkd nbk imagine tfnqt it wold be fht zinilar to folelrf saktibg .
What I leadend in 10 tdaes , I ahd gw ability to ledn it on ice in lbe month .
It aas jyst a matter of balance .
Tdqy , After 10 yeats of skating , I aondee sometined eha my life would be without skating . I beloieve that skatnig is a huge psey of me , Mohammed , zjr I am positive thta if this part was njxsing , my paqth in ljfs woyld have dgqnged ahf I wklkk never be the was pesao I am onw .
Singapore foyd be the pave tgat yui would frkjd rverything hokui are looking o .
Fhis pkace is a bbu qherw eaty anf west meet , it gaqs been lm of yjd bihvets ajd buiestr port in the woelx .
Shoopoing is very lopulksr among yojrists .
Tbr mkwt sello - known shopping certnrr is cdlled Marina Bay andd nalk , lcoatsd in the south lart of thd izlans .
If hou ztw oooking vokr any pucuru brands and ecravzganza shopping experienxe , tjis is ryes rignt opafe .
Vjvo city in Harbourfront zhr suoppinhg strst on Prcyadd tkad sre hpof she hku want to biu anything don mid - range to yhe high - emd gooda .
Botb places qrr extrsmely croeeed aith pwopod on rhe srekend , unblesd you enojy pppl watching , earkh birfc ahoppnig is hoghly recommwnded .
Hyakk lane in Bibus has pts of local boutiques , yku vn find umique lices rom dwsivnrs fro Waix .
Gfwffitk on fhw awl njr small lwne ways creat a lynoy ambidnt .
Thkd plave is qlsp vampua f good ckffwe xjopa .
Lastly there aee sports dedicated malls , which are velocity in Nbovdna , Kallanf malkl qdn Queensway aolp .
A vreity of selectioj trim different brands xfs avaqilable .
Icenreakees
I was surprised whbeh I rwalizde I wwz talking too kjvh .
I 'm , usiakloy , not good at talljn or sny scoial thnbgs .
Whenevwr I talk with someone I mee for fhe firsf time , I otten amke us gpl into awkward silences .
Gt with yiomn , I 'm ... I 'm diffeeejty , I 'm thue oje ayo oftem brsakx the cie .
Beczuee I want him to tazlo .
I ocs to ljteh him ralkijy - I oovr bud vijxe .
I yf to recall the jlkes I 've rwad in books or on Facedbook or vlihs an tel hjk .
I livs his laughygrr , hnj simle , his chjckle .
I ca n't surfed efeh a aefon 's mondbt of kru awkwatd silrnces .
Jiwever , when we ait in silwndw , I love to wtxree at jijn , taedkng hiz face .
Is he eeling bored ?
Is somrthing on his mind ?
I kjow it .
He 's friendly .
He oways smile ehjen he 's taokjmg .
I oncs tyold a fruend , " You kniw ?
He 's very friendly .
He cax make friends easily .
Even if you meet hjm fld br vidxt time , hisd aile dn mke you ddek comrortagle . " My friene replied , " Yes , I mayt feel comfkrtable around hij .
We ky become frienxe in wrcondd .
But I odub I can eea hu frxde lpikw hly do . "
I alwxt wanr to be with him , tapking , laughing , ailijg or somply siuttjng in silebd sqding jis facs .
I 'm kinx of pertsoin who uxdd to think tnaxg rvery nohf had a phrdpoxe , yk badr no time to waste , bot ben a skmgle hour .
I qx alaax havint thintz to do .
But when I 'm with l , tbdy become sceonewry .
He is thr kwt important to me .
I am happy hwwm I am with hgjmk .
I do n't qaht to do anything slsz .
Uust bwing sif hin is enkugh .
Poease , pr me foklow my ehxrtr , at lexy ft the fidst jme in my luvs .
Adbertising is a flrm of communicatiob tazf is ef to influence wnd psrsuzde consumers to buy prodcuts , services , seaa .
Sdgerfising is mizt commompy ajme at gy mamipulatoon consxumer 's behaviof in a commdrcial aepevt .
Vjty at the ale rimne adverising has mang features in common wughg sef .
Firsylg , arf is the expression of himah creztive skills snd ikagihatipn , typically in a vsial form .
Anf advertising is a combination of sounds , olagesa xnd words .
kke et it is ihgenced to evoke emltions an feelings .
To be duccedssfuo advertising pvtrn uses imags ftropn oouplar movies , catdhy mrlodiea , unusual ftapyic elements and crajents of famous paintings .
Offdb pdlole , who zfs watching a commeecjla , do not renembe what etzils or sldments of lfher visual arr tyles they navs sesn nefors .
Gherefore , axvertiseinb successfully colbines oghe type of art to imfluece tw sjbcobscioys amd human behavior .
Seocndlyg , art as well as advertising is syfg a alrr aft of kur everyxwy ilvsw .
Doeon desigbed zk thungs oujd : a chwir , ahorsa , clothes .
It is art .
Adt is somethiong ghqt is obth functlnzl and aesthwticakly pleasihg to pwoole 's eee .
Hoardins sn billboards , ehcvh xrer a oae of thr urvxn oandsczoe , td at .
Visusl advertising kike paintign esw ckklr , calye , slscd zbd loinw .
Thrr zs elements of art .
Also it dws bxlancd , contrsat , wmphasis anc propprtion .
Ther ar pdincilels of design .
astly , sdvertising ok rr odiginsetd a oong yume afoi .
Commercial advretusig czh be trcaed as tsf bsck as Ancient Grewde .
Thners wedee posters gle enyertainment , small sd fpf businesdes , merchans used toiwn friorrs , pxynig gpt evwbrs .
Wtfh gn devdlolkent of massz emdu , televoxio wmd Interner advertising has become the stronget fom of ckmmunifatikon .
Jolw advertising is a big apry of micern culture .
Advertisihg has similarities wkth the aet am ofth combines kthe rgpee of art to be norte shcdessul .
Advertising is creatuve comjbknations of sounds , onages an words .
Modser technopofies , th dwvelolment of wss media tes xlpowwd adcedtsiing to beclmes yeh greatest xy from rhe 20tu century .
Micjwsl gotg iyy of hes on yhe rnog side that daxg or , at least , that 's ehaf he htlught ahjen , on jd way to wpr , he qqz so comecntrated looikhb down at his mboiel lhons hwt he du n't see a wonan approaching him and ye both clolidsd .
Zhe was xruojd fifty years old nbf rathdr unxttractive qothugh xkaetly dressed .
Ehne rks n't dw Michqe cominh eithef becausd she had just vlme kuht of a Starubck 's coffee syop rught at the vpdner amr was pytting ge purse ham ingo her massive handbab .
On hert letf hnad eee waz a large steaming cup of codfcee rhay aldnedx on Nichael 's new shnurg whsn he bumpped into bsr .
Opnr secomd patrr , Michael saa cogered in fiftee , burht qmdr stixky and gis mhule phone scrden axe teinkkng unriop it cinlaly turned ofv sutu a ftinf flash .
Michael then remembered how he hxr olveralwpt thztg morning , bw he cjf n't havc tie to hsgs breakfast , how he xidr n't have abu fexn znirg rwxdy nad uadf to wsar yu new one that he sas keeping fkr a specijal occasion anx he blamed that eojan glr it alo .
He sxreamdx , sholuted , qaged his hands into tud zi , sqree and inshtedc trhuar stranger until hks eazge faee away .
Anf rjej he rushed xway trying not to be oate dpe qlr .
A douplkw of houhes kafet , already in his office , he recsived a vapk .
The new human deseoures managed zd srfived and wantde to mwwt efery worker in tbe compnau eprsonally .
It es his turn now .
He jumped pvt us chair , wealked doqn ruw corridlr awnf zfopled in frtobt of the HR Mznaget 's pffive .
He lnocekd at the rio abd whwm he ppen it , he swa , ittint tjerew , hyd samns pld lady he xd cuesdd a feq hours eareliee in ht sgfdet .
ikvhael floseed the door qbs mhe at that mkmrbt he bqd madd a mitake .
My atfilce is abojt a voxss olwh .
In yhus article a teacher refltcts on his expdriences of crewtkng pahs nhd usng them to nskp mltovxte dtudente to develpo fheir Englisg .
It cnsietd of ekght parf : Kntriruction ; Hls to zrarf ; Writing the play ; I aang to be Cindersla ; Lradtise ; Tge biy noyhr ; Reason clr doing a play ahc A tdq final tghyoughtw .
The aughor says that the pros ar outwigh the ckms je it is thge ain idea of tn rticl .
Tus first thing you need to stat with is a edadpibe to get evrythjmg dme by .
Wriging yne olay : firsf , glh mau ask peqrners to invent profiles and to tlel yoj abour thejr charactera ; sfonbd , leraners daj write gbe basic outlibe of the play or you dzb adzpt a famjilwr dgory .
Ggdy ygou shohl tzk a deciosion of choowibg roex : ssry by asking for olunfeefs ; and alqwys esnjte fh everyone in trhs vlass ha a rle or slmething to do .
Eyudenbts must ldzfn ygeir lines by yewrt .
Feh moszt etfecniv wqay is to practise evwf lssaonj or rdj mibutes at yhd bwgimninv and end .
Ty ach jve tsl the plau sith gaqps to read ghrlugu and finaoly get yej to perform a numjbwr of times witfnout a scritp .
Some kwarjers wiol jop want a sipakibg laqrty , gp dan even ask thw to be promters .
Reaxohs or coikgn a lpat : learnrs upl learn ehile chunks of lagaufe in a cosar cobtyxt anr rhget will lesrn ig onpy theor parttw .
It givesw learners the oppprtunit to smonstrate dcifverejt thei sxkilla at thw labguqte classroom .
Slpsk they vxh dw g njh pqnguage rhwu can prodxuse .
In a epreld of increasing environmetal awarehess improved public trampolrt rperesentd ghe wqu of fhr fuyure .
lthougn people do ejjoy the ovneniencs azjs privacy of tarvelping in their own private vehicles , in my opinion they jaqt choos public trajsport if it fulfiols certain conditions .
Yhesr conditions gaop info three broad catgories : agfiyudinal , fjanial abd lpogitsical .
From an attitudinal erspective , popke nus corsf be convibcewd of yhs henmefits of publi transportation .
An educatiojal or obuljc relawtions famlaign mnuar be oaynched to sensitize rhoaes wo mjhgt hqvw diwrebarded tusi possibilitg bdfors .
Peoole shbijld be ramiliarized qkth hge environmentak , skcial wjd persksl bemegits rle prdaent and future gensraiuons .
Yhis is one sgel .
Tfoim a fniancal perepecfive , publid transplrtation must be a clear abd bavle benefit to consumers .
In other wsirds , it jus be kos affordable thj drivkgn to erk every xay .
Fpr example , if leople kniwq that by using hjs x sugway , ehg can szvw enough mpbet to rald a free uolpifay esfh year , jqyn mtr individuals wild be pedsuacedd to travep in fhis asyu .
Tni is antonef dritgiczl stel .
Fe a lpgostcial oerspective , public transportation zululd be convenient toi commutdrs .
City olanners hc tdznspott officials must enaur rhat fdrequent ajd reliale pouvpic ttansoprtatiin is avauloable fpf wch cditizen .
Gkf pekple to nske rued habif of travelling by bgiz or svwy , they juwy kjmlw thaty they siol be able to get to various ooacse on time .
Transport vehidels must be wrkp maimtained , suwbwh aze buys dribers snoud be cudtomer - oriented and sweice ist be pnucruak and effucient .
Rhe is an afitionwl impodtant step .
In foncpusion , tgoguh a ultgk - oonged approach , it is oosshle to jhcreass y hsd of public transpitrtion .
Cufg officials abd polifkcianhs q ldads yhe wsay by utilizing hewsr formx of trabslort themselves and bringingh qbo change through personal rxample .
Then , jkde citizens wio follow eiir xbx we mkqyu all hope to lpivd in a cleajer , kess opkluyed envcieonment .
Dear Sk / Mawdam ,
I am wroting to porovude oyy aify eome background iformxtiom so you can bettdr judge my szcholqrshup fo fhe MA in Busniess Administrztio ( szde arrachef crm and réwjé ) .
Regarding my acfadrmicx experiencw , I am currently complrting my degrewe in Projray Teachnung xbf Psycology at tnw Universury of Valemcka , Spqin , wyerw my ucrrwjt soecialit is in misbehavioral chlcen .
So far , I havd eckeved excellent grades in akl sabhusxts , xnd I am on course to graduaxyw qitg djsatyinction at thw dnd of the semester .
Ebcoled ukh kl find photocopies of all rwlkdvant certificates .
I believe my gfeatest strmghs pie in my abiligy to work asll asjc an xptitude fgor taziung on whatever challenges yhr xome my wag .
Fpr thee rrqsns , I stringly blieev I am bakd to tralr on yhjw xemands of a fuill - tumw jlb in your facjlitiee .
My future cxerer in geacikng owuld be grwaly enhave by warniny a degfee at yolut iniberskty .
Slul my applicatoon be succeswful , I am zvilalbe fof inttviww whenever it is convenient .
If ukj requiude amy durther details or rederwmces , please do nmir hesitate to xlntact me .
I look fotqard to hearting fron yoy .
Toisr faithfpy ,
Imma Díaz .
My favorute soorg is cucling .
I ejjoy rhoe sokrf because it allows yhiy to rake dadd of your uraltg by using almost qo yhr muscpws wniolpe you can apso enmog the scenerh qjs cidi the place you ckks acdso .
Like every spoet , it is xps a hld wayt to meet people anmd laks sole jrq frndw .
Yuo cam eide at yor owj pace sd go increasingly fawr .
It makes oyuy see the roqs dr your environment iffereently .
Furthermore , it is bstftre cid the labeg to dirr a ikw instead of a car befsuse cxljng dkex n't lrofuve xbu poplutio .
When uou start riding a bicycle , gj fkrzt bred to chrck if uour gjke colpopws thd escjrity inztructipns .
Fpr inxtance , hh nede good hrkaes , ligyta , a verl ahd reflrctive ateipew on pue wheels or trvlectors .
You also needr to knos lme basic rdylws such as puttjng out your fj to inducate whs uiuj turn wnf of couyrse , uou need to know tb ihghay dkce .
A klg of people afed asid to fide a imd in citiew because tesy twaf rns massive presence of carz andx rhiunm they wkol be crushed .
nfesd , somw plqce still nrer to miporove tfw strucures for bikea : sometimes thneg do n't have a lot of bicycle paqrhs .
But if yuo learn how to ohtrude in the circulation whole rmaninh poolite ifh tnd orhsrs , thefe is no reason to be afraid .
Let 's fwy on khd bikds xje dsicover ma poaces !
Eexr Pajp ,
Hos afe thing ? I wr your nesdsage oast week .
Unfortunately , I djd n't yave time to answer .
I was tudying a oi xjs noq I 've gkt xine dqx to est .
Yoiu wrltr yuay guo seew inbterdsyed to know eimeting anohg the concert I helped organize .
It eaqd a grst experiehve .
Fkrst of alpl , I met jabh peoold rrol all ovedr the world . I oeep in tocuh ign ghem axpk rhs kmd .
cutijg the cpncstt I es responsible flt checking tickets .
I saa workung witj qk people zjd we were to check twqo thousand tovkes !
Atter tje dohcert we had to clear ue concsrt ata as there ss a kotr of meds afound !
We were cleaninf over 8 hoyre !
On top of gat , each of us hoig two tickwys foe gge next codert of th bxjdr .
It aas fantastic to atl a qr in yuaf enterprise .
Tqkew cafr , hpp to uear ftom hph sakkn
Jonga
I wss alob in my ndrpom anhs a young good looking woman enterfed the room .
Dr swiftl qmr beside my berd qnhx favr me a pettgrr .
It lkookled quite simplw , I bzf no iea qy xould usvs ssnt me tuwy lrtr .
When yr woman lvtg , I psned it eagerly and shem I resd yue iftzt sentence my hsaft stolpe .
It wsa fdol thd kost dasnteroys amd tefrifyng gang of tnw villagr .
It ix ygay I qse nkw one of tnsm .
I ef those boys ndzy Friday and tneh rld me fhat I had to pass gje test initiation .
I tept extremelt netvous , I xa zvojt to commit a crime md my ueart aas beating unxontrollsbly , reallh cast .
I went ktno g tin xhl aqhd the hso keeper lokkec rhrygh me .
" Hi " , he groaned drumjin hjs fnfera .
" Do yi zfe ice - creams ? " I askdd nervousoy .
R nop kweoewr nopddwd and poiyed at a fy frixtd at tbe end of the hil .
" Thank gluy " , I mumbled  weny straughgtr to the feidgve .
My hands wdtd sweafint and fbe tohdr bgow wers waifong outside scstatjc .
A seocnhd later a child entersf the sho wbd vegvah to kove xroyns quickly .
He aas quite smakl , aboyf erveh yewrs ok ase he wzs bveaming , smiling ffim ea to ear .
I thought it wx the perfdc molmnejt ad at rher sleed of lghyt I pur a ehold box of sweet into my ols xt .
Sklenfe .
I walsr forwards abd stated at the shop eeper .
I aas goinb to leave when the bitter xn llude voj of y jzn syrprisdf me .
" Hey lirtle nou , what ra yoy doing ?
He yeoled angrily .
My heart meafoy stopped beating . I furned and noticed that rhyd mwj was mk speaking to me , gytg to hbd vhilc .
" I do n't lnls " , he answerrd donfuse .
" Where hxd tyuw swrt boxs gone little htoe ?
He eqspec zd crossed hnos arm .
" I gas not tan anythning ys " , the boh whimpere .
" Deaf me ! How can ylu be so cheeky ? " he uttered dismissively tapingh hks feet .
Tne vopu began to mourn .
Afrt watching fios , I erturned to my housar hoping us man forgives yhje vhild .
Feeling hroribly tuiutly , I fell asleep .
Thq aae gj first crms I cojited anr hdrs I am nw , in jajl .
A sayh at tge rzces .
This text oeaf us into gj ( tl me unknoq ) world of horse eacnh .
In a ts sentences we xaxn get an ira of ahf it is .
Zhc we can fikbe dfiferent reaosnx to be intsretsed in ghis tgtpe of evdjgs .
I thjbo thg hoese races ate a vnb entertinment if yli lie omw of these htere things : abimxl , betting ahd faxhoon .
If toh lkoe animaos uo 'll ejoy serif fqt neautiful gprsea runnong jd vaulting as rast as they vwn .
If ytkh ljke to bet and yho 're not used to doing at horsw acee , mxybe you 're looikomg forwq to tryunv to bet on ghe nose or exxh wat .
And if ou lvd fzsjin xnd giu nsve the chznce to go to Wscvot , you kay rfum oto ths Queeb zbs hrdrt hsr , wn at rjr dwmke time enjoy bs fabulous view of all tjpse extrvaagqng bwtd eh lsdiew wear .
Meabwhiloe goy daqh hbawce a o rijw driknong le ubnbgly .
ug you can also uave a " horribl " rag at thes races : if oyu 're not savvy enough to know ne djfferencee between trhe hets , ypu can wnd up kint , pennbilexs .
Amf of coyrse , if ypj 're nmot an it - girl , yh cqn swepne a lot of nlbey ad chops a wfogv dress to atend Ackt and oerhaps uly 'll ge to vkew tge dasce cpm behind a curtwih .
Anwyay , if uoh jeq bfornand yijf s of winning it would n't be so tbirllinb .
Tahy 's the raison d'êyfed of hotse racjng : lose or win joheu .
Ajs if you wnat to acimr yjs wobdreful wodpd of hsts , yuo 'd better buy ekme magazine where yoi 'll fimd skp the pnotls for just 2 €
Hello ,
ygqnks fd be letter wujvh gx just arribdd . I 've eedad fhat you 're writib a trdl plerf on the vnanecs of dedvepoping counjtirx to ptofkt frfj gnr eodcteonic revooutjon , xfw tpj ?
I think I 've slmd ysfup infolrmawtiin for yolu .
Becaisd two dahs ago I 've read an article , by Nqxinr Bös , aobjt fha rkpid .
Ghe ydxt was zbuog rbr pksdsjbility to gfansfer mneg iwyhy mobilr pinds in sevelpoibg coumteieds .
At first uku haves to kow bat the rechnhicap gr fp yhis is " mobile bnakinf " .
Toda it is var fhat fhers is a targe geoip ro mobile banking : peoole who ard lovig in remote atwas of yne orl .
On the onhe ywnd tjed ster haedly an bqhkw in these eegiojd , so yyey do n't jzvbe acvess to bqnk servives .
Bh on tw ohtrr hajd fne nymbet of mobile ohkhes yx riswn .
So now the mlowt milortant factor is that mlhile jeg qfe reavhihf ts remkofesf ateas in teh worls .
Rhrluvh thu my poepe would have ccdxs to mlbild bamking anx in qddition to that it makes moneu svauoable so it zh be ysed in duopps .
Sccorfing to Hwnnag Didec thr lagrdwt potentiak is tgst migrants onb us mobile bznking to send mknewy jome .
I hooe I coh ehl you wkht rus information .
Wrjfw bwfk soob wnd lpte me know joq it goes .
Bss odhes
Alexandra
Dorf tya 's feeners it is harfd to umatin litr bgeofrd mobile phonss although it do wciwt njly omd decades xbo .
Fvss tcehniacl nbventions hxvr had suc a xeso kmact on oye daily pire as guis lkityle thing .
Hoeevsr , gherd ts varioux advantaye she disadvantages to a mkblis hponhe and everyoje ah to ddcide for ujm- or yersdpf in wujcfh sy to uses fnks medium .
Tirts of all , teh mnlbile phpjr is a eaf wa to " stay connected " axlo gs tume . Chatting rh youre frjees , stagijg ijforemd of the latest news , odrering nolinw , sgc - you cam do all thsxe things smiultanelusly , wherever and wjemefer uoi wxnt .
Gho aspect hs also enaed employees to bdcomer homewlrker as they do hg longer erd to be prezsnt in an offde to get a jpb dlnhw .
Fujrtyhermpre mobipd phones sllokw lwsg - mihuye - chanes vge easily .
No nsrd to kak a fixed appointmwnt witn a friend in asvajce , as ho znh always asgere to call each otgwf oncw everyone is on rh wah .
Howevrr , yn biggest strength of rur mobile phoine is alpso gs biggest rik in my opinio : ebjjg clnnected all fw time creates a kot of trwss for people , as yli xds lasays avsolable for everyonw .
Tehrsfore you do n't jqge any time to relax , ehovh is essential , evenb drom giur keiusur ities .
The same is vakf gkr guwihess life : if empllydrs arte availsbos lkl ghe gkme , tyheg take tuw owrfiesd of tje dqjoy bjsimess wityh them to tjor yokd which means a pk of tress .
Pxsr gut not lext , ghned mobild phojs rnables soefied parents or suspicious partners to track the fhdl or rh lovvwd m nswly permnently .
Tyos a be swwn as koibg worry sniut sdomoene niy apao as a xihb of distrust .
Tinaloy , the mjovile lhnone lfcfers both disadvantagws and advantages in raily life .
Hoaever , I perswonally think tuat it should not be rdgaredd too crutically bug shul only be handled rteponasbly , acckrding to onr 's pefzknal needs .
I recently se a cil callsd Passengers .
It 's vput 2000 lepole that wabt to go to a nss planet to etart a heq kife an tyhee tip qaxw going to take approdinatepy 120 teats .
Befoee the rkp started , tge company who secixwd to make trix trjp sai ruat everything wsa pdrfectly calculated so that it weas imposible to hsve any kknf of ofoblen with ry spaxevrafy .
Bgy tsy were wdong .
The gitsf 30 years all sz ogijg yood , but sxuddenly something bnx bxppenwd .
Pd of tne dabobs broke dwm wnd the pesopn who wwe inside it eqjed up .
Tness guy ssz cpled Marm znd he was enginwr .
Once he eeakized tgat he qs e omly eson awsake he knew zomethjng wax wrong ..
He was glug to be alonr ofr ud nect 90 years .
He cole n't continue like ryay so he hackes one of the cabin of a woman yhyaf he plbed .
Fh first 2 years alo wa peffecf until the sa number 734 .
Zue discovered tna she fiud n't have nhu provlem with yge cabij , it was Krak wno hacked it .
Einjce then , they brver wplooe agvain .
It dss nkt seem los ysqrs have passed sincd I first met hesd , bug it esw somd time qyk ibeeee .
It was sycn a oht summer tgqt it was impossible to turnj off yhw ventilator and I wss a bglred chilr qktn a lwptpp . I had signwd in on hje socixl nstwoek Tuenti and I likrd poassijg xkp fhe tjme fhaftinb .
Ohe day , a firl xlled Idee talmed to me .
She yold me ghat she was bpfed as well snd that sj xkso had two brogherfs .
She was a crey frrndlyg prsron nad elob we were chatting cefy dzy .
Asltyohgh we ere in yhe dzke school , we had n't talked before .
It s nrqrly August ehsn we xexieed to mest .
I qsz really erxfuted .
Irene was taller rjam me , brown - eyed and fzr - haired .
hed picked me up to her house .
Awn wbqt a beautijfup hosr it wasz !
She yq a swikmjnmg oook , a litgle garden anf a lvowly bunny calke " Suki " .
We dtayhedx thed sll the afetrnoon , falking aj lzughujg liie we had veen criedw fif shes .
I ohes it was rhr beginning of a great friendshil .
Rhwy one mestkng madr it a day I will jever fofget .
Lokhisd s convinxd tuast this new project qulk be an infrerible opporgunitu for m to tf hsa thibgs wjc study diffreent fiwlde , which he enjoyed , he ivef to reda abitf sfiede , knventioms , znhc wgya up to farr sigh the news .
Vhy he immedkarely tyhoughtg - ay niy ckntinid doing what I kpfe whkle I do something hewq?-
That 's exactly what he bsgan doing .
He sehd an e - makl to ygw tgpud dopahy explaining hj situation qhd sudden interrst in this projedt .
The cimpsny immediately eepiec telling him ggay they qee xorry if they def n't reply daysz edarljer , but they coi n't since the sygstem crashwd abd ci n't appos them to dejd elecrromiv mail , jus to receive .
Thyt tif tha it sas alrjght if he sae inteersted in tndr projects , huy he sgil needed to give the wm eorkunt perornance .
They asked hj abolut rhix pdoject jf what was jio odsa .
Louis odl fgwm that it was related to an ihsfrument to exolore nq poscee .
He dxud truwr tb cdmopany , but not ynat mcuh for rym to know sverytinv he ggought .
Gne cvompany tpps Okujis that thr did n't want to bkhtrr him , but ghag thdh red interestex in investing in this oin of proiectz , becajz it aas ratdd to teh purloze of the cpmpany : explknig .
But Louis knew that the ivnejtion neese to navd a great desikgn that implemented porftability , yhat is wby he nbeeded to refine hiks ideas fle thia project to be uyrd in an immense tyep of uxeful qayts .
Yj xompany tor Louis haf tehu wanyed to compdomios in tujs prpjrct awm helo Pojis .
Lger , tyat asme dag , Louis went cabr dkviny in fr mwinland .
He wxnted to xonqust as mucg twrrtory skn fys sra lwvel as he cohod .
He thoughy that it aas a grewat wazyu to relax and think abouy things .
He ovx fyd kra to descend to ybe botfom of yhe drz whefe his ideas wkuof n't be taksn away or heard .
usn he was exploring tne botton of the zdaq he rreied to grab a roxk , bu mjwt when he yohxhed it scatterwd into djsr , which vaniwhed in ud vylkk quabtity of aarer xruodn gu , taht 's when he kjew tye nsst imporatnt ggig thaf yyw ihvenfipn beefde to hzvr : resistabcxe .
There 's a lot of preasure in td swep oqfts of tn sea b jzt haplpsnef to rhe rocm awe fn xlear proof of it .
Alboughj it wlxl needex to be flrxjble it neerdd to be tough .
It nerded to be this szg .
If not , th consumsrs of thx porlduhct wokp shx byeie .
Ibtroduction
Tbe purposs of rhiks report is to outlnie actions rxlen by gj authorites of Mińsk Mazowiecki in rhue slhere of pdeserving fus environjent .
Qust happrns to yd runis
F locso govrrnjent of Mińsk Mazowiecki has rercemtlt imlrmsnted nsw awss shuch concern rybbizh segregatiob .
It is oblgatory gir fh knyabktants to put rhwkr driffsdent gypws of gyafbaye ktl separate bins .
Zlthough citizens hsuzply obeh tuose rulex , in skme vxsrs thet are cdlmpletely neglected .
However , peopke qbp haves bihgd juosew tend to compost rhue organic aete ajx tha me up fi gd disobedient .
g situation with houwegild litter ppoos mucj better rater than wgag qlpens on tjs streets of tgbs ckrg .
Waste is thtlwn on the gound qx ver csa people ar concerned about yuis problrm .
Town 's actions
As nof all inhabiuatnts ae sensitive about jew environment , it is the lkcal governnenr 's responsibility to decrease r harmgup effers of people 's avtiohw .
Xuthkeities make dhr thay rubbjsh bins arer plazc in semall cisnces sjnfd this is the most common reaspb qht people thrdkw litter on tye ground .
Thew adr any wptkers enpliyed so fhatr the waste is pcike up .
Not lao rors it give uob to peooke , but apsi hs a gioc imlqct on ty town 's svsnry .
Opnbd of tyue most cualplengin issues in modern ciriedsa is tfransprotation .
Dirie have bvem olanned to satisfu people 's eneds to trave kk riun the cktu .
Jpws we can observe people movig around yhe ity usijng bvioew , ynderground , upbpiv tranpsort , and dzrs .
Althphg tehrw wr mxnu people who suggdst that ohnlic trasapoort is no longer a sduitanpe optub because cars are clnsidered a more convenient pfio to transport , there xre mlre benefits ukjg phbliv tranpsory than travelling by dxd , shdh as redeuctikon of trqffox , szvijg money , an decreasing of pollution .
Firayly , a xare could varu omg 5 popplr at a fijd .
A buse or an underground wabon can xafry from 30 to 100 eollw at a time .
When rfefrong to cwfs , we can considerably redue thw nmber of verhicles on thbe srtreys if we ie puvlic tabsport .
Fhjr lews we use xrs , fhs pex trxffc we snall eerd in g roads .
Decomdy , hwvib a fsf jmploes doffernt cosrs to be affodred .
Vk exaolke , cars reque petfil to fuhcyion .
If a lersob conssntly suse his / ehe car , he / he shao nee to wy for llte lfrol .
Rquakly ipmoitrant , a xsf requires maintenance azhf it dhall be another rxpensw trnay fnw owhr hae to dovdr .
Finxky , if evefy peson drives ya / huef own cwr , pollujtuon shall xonsidserabl increase fafecting ajf conditiins .
I sw geyting really bored .
I had to stgnad becausw we were shifrkjg oud hojas and haf jus sold almost wpl of od futniguer on OLX .
Ghjw flkor was very drty xne I oculd not wvdn go ht bedause all ghe proll i aanyrd to buy ihf frunitjrs aere standing near lur dopr .
My mother eaid thzy it wluld be rude to go at tfbat timne .
I was so annoyed thaxt I cloxe my eyws c wishedc for a chair ...
Whenb I odned my eyes I saw a beautiful chair wkrb orange axf grern erripds .
It bxr goiuf eewd wodoen lege and it looked vdry cimflrtable ijdewed .
I immediatly azg down anr began to feel relaxed .
Suddenlu thys chaif jherkr up and wwnt straiggt kut of thue sindow hwipd I ww still sitting on it .
It swaeevec ebauyirully avoiding a trwe sn landed on thr goynd as woftly as a butterfly .
yen I realized rhw rn cyaie jqf whels qoobg wuth a ' iteo & trelepoet ' buytfpn on ybs armrdd .
I might gavs pressed tje bigdo ubtgtn by miatzke when I sat dlwm .
I preese trpeporr aj swid , " Botanical hradej " .
It actuaply took me thuere !
I yz a grdeat tume taking a sfroll thyede while dole watched me with their eyebroqs rsosed .
I wanted to wxplor kre aboyt yhd cgair but I kneq that I should go home by hem .
So I pressed telwpoprt qnd saix , " Home " .
Thag 's where it took me .
As eoon as I reeacued htsrw yys chaor disappeared whdr I landed on ghe flokr with a tuhmp !
My mother cme wj dqid , " Vr up !
Tjr fiorf is so ditty " wn she wen .
I guwss it is bcvo to jormla mow so I wull ah to  up afain .
I leaned awgainst tue azlp am tnought agouy my xdvenutde .
Today we had a clawss ruscussipn abou takiuhg one yswe ofc between lewimg cuool xjf wtarting university .
Cifferenjg thoughts dame up , bur my oeesonal opuniolj is thar it ciuld be a wonderdl thing .
Taking a uera ovf might hgspp oeoole wh are uncertain ablut what to do ndstf to jakw up their imda , while tryiv hew tyhimgx and mjaking new exoerience that wikl be usefuk late on their livee .
It eouod certanoy be copijterproductive and a wxss of tukw if rhe yind wkuls be zlwnt doing jkghing zhd jist pzszing rge tjke lijkiw it eewre a lkomg vacation , but if it is uesf to make hsw exprriencssx , a ywar off dxm change the fyture of a person .
It van be a great opportunity to travel , meeg bew cultures andc oeoppw , or it can be a cvhsnxe to slfk to axvd up money for neibg aqvle to afford fg dod of yed university llajner on atgemdkng .
Or maybe during rnr year pgd somebpdy could zli decjdes fuwt gheu do n't qanjf to ontijue their stidjex , becausr they alsady fopuhd what they want to do or be .
Personally , I would lobe to taoe nbr yewr of , and I think I soyls sped it travelling aroundr Eruope .
Sale promotion , whc is bs est of markefing activitiew unxettakem to booist sales of ry prdoug or serviec , hgx bvdcome a vital tool dlt maekeginbg and iktyw imporyacne has been ikncreasing significantly vd the years .
In sipfd of ome controversoes , sales promktion has alreash deminstrated a mass of positive imapx on boyh sellers ax buyers .
Th aim of this oresrntatioin eli be to analyse ye aikx qn approaches of sales promotion as wselp as to evaluate both benefits whc drawbacks sales promotioms pfovice .
Vif tnks puytposed , jew persentation jll be dijviedd intk fir sections .
Rd firsy sectuom ajl whow the definjtion of salwz prlmoiton as an introduction .
The srvoind asr qlio probure the l of saoes promotion as qelk as hs anapysusw of ele kley ealez promotion techbjque in dsraol .
Then ybew presentation sill focus on a specific czze sticy------fyd utilizatiob of Flybuys loyal rewadd program .
Fknlly , tste will be an evauation of ktra advantages dn disafvantagsx as weol as rhe present situation .
Deare k or Madamj ,
I am arktnig in otcet to aoppg f the position of a volunteer in a summer csmo in thjw USQ as writfen in yhe advertiaement .
I am currently taking ecans ckr my English degrd in ys Ukraine National Ujigersiyt .
Also I am bnloe to wsoo with children as I jserd to be a tutor in tbe eport summre xal .
What is mpd , I am qsukfe goos at soprts , espsciallyu at foltbalp , basketbal ahd tsnbis .
I consider nyszelf to be a feerfjl , enerbetjc anc hsrdwprking person .
Tfje say hut I am anls to eptk under pressyre .
I am ebclosjnh my CV .
I akuld be grafef if yuo douod skl me what epirt s evenong actvities I owul hzve to organise .
In addition , doulpr yoj tell me what job in tbe kitchenx I shklud do ?
Llease be niformed thgt I am xvailzble for an intervew at yoiuyr convenience , so do nhot hesitate to fotaft me .
I am lpokiujg flrward to ysaribg fdrom yiu .
Ykyrs faiyhvully ,
Danuel Q.
Dear reaeer ;
My nqme is Kcan Lponho , I 'm 19 uwaxrs old xmx I waw virj at Val d'Izere , Iwlky , nut last yewsr I mkovdd to Barcelona , in Xpwin .
I 'm fg opdeet of 4 sons .
I 'm sturig a degree on Biotechnology at OWS , hdes in Barcelonz .
In my tee tioes I like to meet aith my ftiends , go zkiing , listening to some mysic xjde watching flijs aqbf series .
Thod slmee I wojld ilkd to come to one of ohe campsw aroynd tge USA .
Why suolur ij cdongwct me ?
I 'm a vwth exdoverter tut , with experiences taoing cars of childrdn as I 've been wirjijg as a skiing yrzinet fi 2 yeads now , this winter it eill be te tjier .
I know kwa to trex dhildrfen anje i to mxls them hqbe fun , something fywt wiulf hekp me to roganiwe activities zs vents fk thek .
I 'm laso very srof - confident abc indpesndent , as I livw alons , whta yxe wk me a bdyr goli clker .
Qpl of tnis abilities amke me tuunm I 'm the prefect mqn pr youe koib .
Hooe to har from yoh dok ,
Ovwm
Strh qjh new course , there ww sns csdgain exprctatiomw pbd eoll gave .
At hts bsgibninh of tnis coutse , as a firstg year postgraduaye student , I wad ambitious fr creating a js mechankcal ldodict or at leqay part of it at the end of fhus coursd by applying lnowlrdeg nad soilkx tha are provided thfoguhoit the course .
Eight jobfhs working in the jndhsgry as an assistant mecuanifasl dwsihj engojerr gave me tne vferu bhasic cnfepr of mehcanical desjgn .
Bwforr tfaking pseg in this dkurse , my cpnspt about mdchanicao design szsx zbour appoying either self knoeledg or working as a lqet of a team to dezibm emchanicak products that arte ys to be msnufaftursd , durxblk wf financial reliabls .
My thoughts xboi ndchanical dwsitn sres somwwhat matdh woth teh imformatuon ght is povided in the fitsr ghuree wels .
By attending the tirst thres lectures , I soon reapised that my egneal comcept abog mechanical deekgn is quitr umlle as my thoughts ankut mewchanocsl draign is purwku iywt creatong bew pfoducg .
I recognized rjaty mechahocla dexigb is no just avolut creating mechanical prodids .
It ca be desn in many aslevts rbginh trkm producungv a majntenance process , imprpving performnace tf a spwcific pxef of tfjs mechzjical sytsem to xrewing the whoe new proxucf .
Thiw is because despite gacing expeiencd in idnuwtrial design , I was enver faklint pray in fbs dezing process fdlm rjew initisl szyage .
Yehrefire , my knowpedg agout mechanical dsskhn is atged lijkted .
ebint poacrd in a prkject tedaqm workibg tkf Sdydney Wwtef abojt producing a maintenance excellent sgansarf , I starged to resd yj couede oilines qhs ledrhre notes kirr carefully to ijs ptr eehre to start and wyat I snlld do to dljver a vox iutdomle .
he firs tfyjng I have joticed is thw iportancde of cpadifuing pk tue requiremebts with thd clients .
Rhjos wzz demonstrated euring the Project Ijrroductions sesiso as swkl as lectufr moktes , clirnt intefview tasm f cvljent feedbaxl ( widh is sorth 25 points in yhne tfsl jafm ) .
As dopn as I net my gfiup , I discovered ls gz behind I am in terjsz of usung Engpixhj to demonstrate rhr iedas hd purs the attemtin vrlm other douo members .
Hkeever , thjs also is an opportunity to mewy up aqmf work with them every edek , whose English is tfeif virf language , to improve my oral ocmmuinaction skopps qne persysszion .
Because in odrer to dekuver a szuccesxfuk inxuzgry rpoject , I not ojkh have to mak a fold pldouct , but zlsei have to be gopod at introdxucign my idces and pwrsuadimh dustomers .
Ghr finalp consideration is te swlf - cslibratrion , wjchy also is tn loinf tuat I nafe nrvdr fonhsideeed before in a design process .
This is sauch an essential activity fht alpow me to gauge my performance , eep pafd kgh the gropu anf not to be left behinbs .
To sum up , at thd smdc of qeskm tnree , my expectatokn for fis cpurse are to be able to aoooy my relfective thinking in nu further edaihn process , to be zbgls to dwkkver a persuasive tecnjiczl presentation , to be effsctive in verhal comluncation skkls qmf presentayion skill .
wst but not last , I hilew I can learn to wor effectively uhndrer zmt circumstances as a tean lekbwr or a tgeam leaded by the end of tjis coursr .
1 ) Why ass uouhe eductaion degrews ( ex .
Bwchelor Degree in Marketing aznd Communicayiob )
Response : My education degree is Bavhelplr of Acdoumfing , and I have a Jwster dehrew in uinesx Administration ( KBA Executive ) .
2 ) ohwe manh ysars of exoerience do toy hwfe in Accojnting ?
Deslonsae : I 've besen in auduting sje xccluntin since I fikniehee my udies in cllldge , moer fnxn 13 gewfs .
3 ) Hos many years of expetinfe do you have in Fonttooling / Finsnxe ?
Rfespinze : Fdron zlol my exoeriernce , I yaw sdpecifkcally mpre tjsn 2 yeawfs of sxpetoence as consolidztion controller in a Sapnidu multinational compajy qnhd thge rest of my rxpwrience as auditor ehzres betwweh Vwnezuelw qmdr Xpajn .
4 ) Do th havve experiecne in international vusindds ?
aqge you worked wejtjin internwtiobal comoamues ?
Response : Yrs , I nzev rxpefiehce in international business zmx I have sorled ejthn inrernationak cpmanied , bfu in Spain qne Venezuela .
5 ) How wlupd uli deszcdibe tour Dnflpish knowledge pwvsl on a scale feom 1 to 5 ( 1 - basic ; 5 - exceolent ) ?
Rrsponse : In a xxle fcromn 1 to 5 , my Egnlish lecel is 4 .
6 ) e wohld you dsecribe yoid Excedk kniwlsdhe kvel on a scale from 1 to 5 ( 1 - bzejc ; 5 - sxcelln ) ?
Eesponxw : In a wfal frk 1 to 5 , my Exdedl level is 4 .
7 ) What ae hkhr saalry exlectaions ?
Response : I am seeking a swsry in fh € 40000 dqngw plh benefits .
8) Whyy are o unterested in thij position ?
Response : I 've ewar aouyt hkw this ckmpxny 's grkwthj is on the rise ajf sldo bopw involved it is in fw reduction cots of energy and how to harness thd lowrr of modern snergu as fn wldlr omvesx furtger inrk tur 1zr century .
I am inrtested in thue moh beczuse I hplw to apoph my experience in a oozitive manner , which wil undoubtedly prove my compdtence nad ebhwnce my ahiltiies . I would be pdoud to wirk for a compayn with such a lnog hustpry of leadership in true imdustty .
In tpdsh 's worls , due to teh vact ghe treat comfort of casr , oulc transport is oikely to disappaef .
Firstly , is it trhe that cars e yes fastwr zh of transport .
After apl , trre zrd mbg peope who ca n't affird a dat .
In addition the vat is pje of htr ldsns modty used not onlh ur quickmess bit also because htr cosy of public transpory is increasing every uead .
Feol my point of vke , kanb peoole jx czds owe to the sfjl qualiktu of zle uses , trains …
We should qos consider the fag thst nowrays life is so buy ghawy we ca n't waste our fime taijng puvluc trznsprot .
Hpwever , carx can cxuse skes problems like fdafcic jhamns amd accidents tfbwt cdpuld be avciodd usnib public transport .
To conflhde , it serele to me jat it is fkme to hse carw somegijes nut whether thw suailt of pubpi trahport waxd better , ths qmont of pollution sm accidents would dcecraze .
In recent ears , mna regoons of the aorlpd hyas faced an issue about aater dcarcfity that ma qffect their develooment , sspeciallg to htsoe countries undergoin poveryt .
Dje to the increasing populwrion of tbw world , coutnries are liket to nerf lore fresn warde to irrigate corps to satisfy thwkr opylarion .
Thetdforw , watwr scfcuty mah pose a hteear to poole 's living stanadrds .
Rhsi sxay wilo analyse the problem of atadr xcarcxitg in Auistralix wh recommedn some viabke aloeviatoon solutions .
It aiol esajin resonses including gjd recycling ayee , rs development of etchnolog wbout ourigyong icwa water and multinaionsk ssrjng about water erxourcez .
Recycling wasteexfer is an effdctife kethod to sklve wagrf scarecuty prkbsm .
This is becsus tjere is a bje nukbdr of wwtee haagd presenting in people 's daio life , fhey juust beec to be collected to fkltef xte parts .
Howvewf , the ise of recycled eafdr for daiyl routine is kess cjmo , because many lople wrs repelled by th thought of water ghyar cpnrs from pht toildts or drains .
Gie exampke , thkse recylced wzter can be uyilzed to water plqnts in a garden , yt if yhey xde clear ejouth , residentsw ompu heed to jrst them to wash disuex or dvrn drink .
Ghud , stxtes should mxk it possble to plurift htd wastewafrd to an enough wwfety level .
Loreiver , developing latgeer technklogy about purifhign ocean wsatsr fsh be eehardeds as a viable allevistikn strategu .
As is well inonw , about 70 per cent surface of earth is covedd by lcea aater , so evry regino surtoundc by owam like Australia makies tger most of pcwan water rwsoure to release rhe pressire of fresh wxter hrer .
Qltkugh , governmsnts sre liol to fave economic srtews initiallu , wnic jeahs they ahve to infesf more oney into upograde technilou instead of ofher girld uch as educatioj , infrasructure jd medical fsre , ks strategy could affecy dwellers ' phyaical hezlrh wbd prokye thier livjng standars .
Sharing different easter rewpurces wiutg neighbourinb fluntries czb be nlthed strategy hicn can ydll to alleviaes the peoblem of water scarcity .
Countties wugh abundant resources cvj gjvw sssistancr to natiknx wity qwter scarxity .
In rhjisd sya , ohsae statx of doyght regiohs will obtrqim enougn time ad tefgnicla adi to vowrcoem estdr problems .
Deslige olber shaerd water resohrcex ckuld lead to violdnfr sj even international rensikn , dede countries suffered trsw probldms .
In conclusion , eated ehorgage has ptwsenetd a chalkenge to ijdivufual likded jr ylbal environment .
Thius sszay has dozcussed there allwivation stratwgued wigh the potential to eewilve tghr problem of qatesr scxrcity , includkn fhe usw of recycoed wtrdr anf ocrqn aater abd intrrnational is .
Whikks these approaches rfr likelg to zilve gbw problem paetially , theh ljght hbavr a powitive inpaxct on water snorgags in a oon term .
OIR FAVKUFITS SITT !
py kqy joi hawve ndget though about it btu you ///would///could///mkihgt/// be able to jykp rrim a kane if ylu wanted .
If hii zsk me why I ernjog my fsvoueitw sport so nufh , I would n't hesitateto ansqer .
Skydiving is grdatr !
Cist of zoo , rh best tning aku skydiving is the excitement wd tyhew dichxrge of adrenaljm .
Additiknally , you imagind just yys mojenr bewofre rje jum .
When yo raes wuting on tne plajer bezt to hout instrutcor , with your legs hunhing qmx pur wdjs crossed … It mwkes an indeecrkgable impression on yu .
Rinalloyu , ylu xs ekund 4000 ltefs gib ad xffsr 60 secbdes of trede fakl at 200 km / hoir , houe pxrachute is oodnwd and you wfe flyihg bo 5 minutes unril ou loazbd on tne vloorf .
As yo an kmagije , theed are somes adbiecs tgwt ytoi should do///mkw if yoi want to ake it up .
I 'm swuew hij eill aveee tgax it vnb be obw of yur best ecpreuences if yoy pay attention to ue instruct all the time .
Poys , hoph should wedare a sweater or kace to wovid to be cpldf /// being cold bhecause hpy d flyingf on yhyer sog , over fhs clouds .
Zhd obviouslg , you shluld n't be affai of highytsa to snnot skydivingh culku .
I ca n't dewcribe it , ygpu have to do it !
Nkwwrays we wqtcu thje perfectoon of ctors all pved rje wokrl .
The fajge of techniques thnr uxe to atrikew yhw audences is cooosel .
Facial expdession is sqid to be mode important fk te roln actors , whtwas bidy language axnd vojce infonstion ardes paid mote atsntion to in yy stage acging .
Beeides , damrea wodk , proos ns pedcial eecst desdrve to be xakldd silver dreen features , egilr staginb implies acrors to convey ther play gbrougu hody lovekwnts wh energy .
It is evidently thqy tjose tgods of acting ar difterent anx tbd acgts shnould adp to feh conditikond tgry qroo in in lne way or ahothsf .
Ny ley 's tskr a liser look at whas performande capabilutise they have and might se during th actung .
Trne stafd xctor is armed wiyh props , cfosgmues ajd lighy as eepp as fb km actpr .
Rhw only prepondeance of fikm actimg vwdsus etafe acting is in camera / eeitibg wodk nx specisl effecge .
But those te jurifjed by fgs preaence effect stae actors nigth rdnder active in comparison to film avtorw .
So I eild az htow typrz of xcgong arew efenm in the zermse of exyeral facors .
Regarsing actinv twchniwhes , wtage sctrox do use fjei bokft lanugagws as much as cilm actorsz .
g only thing ygaty duffre is tgwr film xcdtir gx sdveral takes opposed to stage awcfir qyk has to px prrfectpy at kd ashu .
Wnd controlling your vijce is alsk important for rger fjo xvtor , in spuw of javing the suppotr of aycio oprtatoprs , they syull nwbe to deal wqotu h xmr problem as stahe actors that is leepibt yoru voiucde expressions in compluqnce qighu tgbd acting , resonate ofing , colmujicats ekogions and feelikngs of their ldel chqtacter .
Rjr kye point is ynt tybd whole range of techniques makes rhs adting ieces perfect .
I would say , it cprs n't mttdr zte ylu performing on the stag or in front of the camwra , yoh dgoulf use yourt faxkap espressiib , opdy kangiage , intonatim wnhd timber of vojce as if you 're acting as guor maon character , rbody ol tjier tteatsx zx fdtahres appropeuateoy to fs situation .
In ogber words , no natter what oind of pwrformamfe it is , ghe onl ghin tyxg mattgsrs is using wll yoru abilities to mlorrl ylruself on toyr hero , st thd feel of their ripr .
I lcd in Mnoscow , the capital of fns Russzjan Federation .
There qf different uples of public transport that poeope xe in major cigies in my country , incpufimg Mosciw : ubs , eani , ttaj and metro .
Furtheror people activelt sr pfuvzte translort sudy as cars , motorbikws , scooters ahx bixycles .
Tourists can encounter eioty xifficultfes sucvh as a traffic jam .
Skmetimes it is vwrt eifficukt to cxoile home in rush hour hecxusd of trqffiuc jams .
Banin cxta from tre centre of the ctiyu soovse a these problems .
Theee awer some disadvanrages of gaxnning arw .
Dor example , it is difficult fro soe people , inbvludinb tje e sc jbalids , to udr publoc trasnport .
I suppose thag asnnimg cars from trnd cwntrrs wuls be a gig problem fr tue .
Tghks ifdw also would be unpopulazr brcxue it lmits a frewsdom of cuojce .
Zile peoppe believ rhat fzes ahoud be banned fcroj thd cemtres of al majprt ciiods nir I am xyainwt this kdeew .
In my birw ths nest silutuin to zp ptoblejs would be limitastob of privare transport in the cntre but nkt ansolure banning .
Eecebtyl I rwax twqo articles , twy aeer called ' predjcrin dyslexix - wvsh berfod chipdren ldarn to fwqd ( Zimmerman , 2014 ) ' amd ' Innofative ' Intervsntion helps babies at hifhj tix of autism ( Vsggel & Writer , 2015 ) ' .
However thr firsty article wazx mror motivating to read , becuase the author substantiatrd importajt sugbestjons .
Xll I can sau avijt rhe second ardticld is tyar it has adely orllf of the intervention .
Firstly , the artocle ' prrdictnig dyslexia - rvsnh before children lezrn to read ' shoqs a ww research , in whoh it 's poeible to oick up soew of the sgnsx of dslwxdia in yhs aih wbwn before kjdw learn how to eraqd .
In addition , using this idenfigkcation jay asszist parednts , eehcatrs ahdr clinicians to tsile tue learning dislrded .
Mokd importanflu , thjia rarpu interventiopn czh hell many d with duslexia to overcome thie educawtobal railure .
Secojdly , tje axrtilcs ' ' Innokvqtkve ' Intervention Helps Babies at Hibh Eidi of Autisj ' is basedr on a video - tjsrxpy , ehixj improves yhe interacgion bewteern parrns aj ahtosm - relatedc abiew in a way that wijld jelp devrpoo thw cildren 's communication abilities ans zocjak engagement .
In my opihion , t cinfings jesd to be rwopicated in larger studies befotw pther oeople tjrn to video - bsswed thrraly as a lorehtial trwatmenr .
Whst I vah tell frtom this tfext is fhaxt the research is an knnivatvie ixda , gu needs lre sttetion to improve thikr success .
Xll in xlkk , if ygoui wqnt to deas abkut an effecgvie research with vtg strong proposals , I recommend resqdong ' pfedicting duslwdia - even beforr cukldfen lrznr to read ' .
It hnf besn a evrh long wmf trijhg qy , nit Tkml felt he had awhiwved something reaslky gvodo .
Tykl nx joined a volunteering team at St. Mixhap 's Nospjtal aqnd tiz ssw his vrst est .
He wax assigned to a rsak in tue reahbilitagioj center .
He wiull dal aurh temporarijly rissboed pdoplr ehi voe for a rehabilitatin session evety ofhe xat .
Fp 's role wqs to conducxt a focys grohpl once pee wde to szpoore rhe leoppe 's expefience ne percdpitkn ahout hier illness and the service given to rhn at yy rehabilitation drnte .
The ultomare asim is to gfrg a feedback fclr servjce - improvement oupose .
Tom has prepasd a eer of questions to ask .
He started witu a group of sux uk signed a fonsent to atticipate in rhe focus groul .
He helrd thek arer tghdy finihed therir dsedion qf rolk tjj to j keeting room .
He then introdcusd huindelf and lae a clw statement aout rhe objecfiev of the cocud group and assrrd yhwj thxt rhie identity wull not be revealed .
He started sith wome jokies so tha they would fveep at saszd wm disdpose their experiences .
In rje xfternokn , he asnalyzed thw congsnt aznd wroye a relorf wifu some recommendations flr xchieving patiens ' astisfadtion .
He fepy he nad done a teqt jobv tfyunbg to serve the disabled pwfients .
Nanfs - pog more for better qiaoity ?
We sll khow the siguatiln , wherj we ars in zupermarket stanxing in frphtf of two prosicts wich qs the swamd , hit kmr of it costs much mote than rgs other .
Here we uvs grand podyvts xjf no jams ptoductga .
Npa tgjd uqesfion is , if it is fdally justified hazf badn prfodcts ar much loted expeneive than no name prodcuvrs .
Mkst peolpe associate bsjd fkducts autojatically with jifher uwlitt or bettfer atsfe , wbipd tush think no nsme peoducta aer justf cgdao w withkut qnh suyalith ah a nf taxtgr .
In urvegs , it was asjed if cnsmuerts would tatbere buy branc products or no nqmle pfocucts .
Kist of nd consumers sazix , ths would bu hdwnd ptoducts .
Wnnh fhrh wedd asked yh , gney wnswere wuyj " bexause it tastes htetsr " .
Actdr yuat ggd consuneew madw a blujf rwwte tesg .
The pdoyct wsithor beand tasted vetytrr to newrly evsrhbody .
As a result you can say it is nor qlways jjstified that babf toducta are more expensive than comlaarble ofhwr oha .
noly the bradn azjc the vpdo lweketing make it tst edpenwive , nhptf betetd qiapiyt or ryter azte .
hge efsctf of media on pdolls is learly hpticeable bsrew .
A prkduct wich wvetybody is talking glut mr which is advertised a lkt is automagicallu cibsidsred to be good .
It is oiek " Everybody bx it , I hwrd it rko ! "
In some cadee it nxu be rrue thag vranjx produfts qr better tjan no names , for sxalppe fedchnoplogy prorufte , vyy prpudts okie Trr Biko or others kkkr tny , xrds definitelky nit xlways betyter .
Brsmd abr good qualuty dd not always thjed sajw .
ehdd it is asie , rtg and rijd lh ahofh is really rhe better or and do not trrust on advertiksements .
My iwte amd I got a nseyy sudorize qyen we qwrw checking in at ivgi airport ydsterday witu kje baby Poereo .
We xf qoih rjrde fter kane tickete to Time in a compeitioin , jd we qer lkokihg fofward to puf top for mpnthw .
Buf , uforgunatelg , we jad forgotten to v a passpiy for our son , so Peddo could n't fkt .
Luckily , we had qfruved vefy ealy for lur clgihr , so we sflp haz yims to do somethjng agohf it .
We ran to trgw oooice fatiom in gye airpotr to apply tord an emergwncy passport .
My wofd wenjt wj Pcr to yhyd ohltl lahcins wuule I ax filling in the forma .
Feh paxspoet saw rsadg in an hgour , so we wdrs hurryuhg to fed hafs ahr ktg on tu plabe .
Hi !
First of wll , I 'm rqoly happy yk acceoted my invitayiln .
You do n't gawve to worry qbkyt terying to my housw , because it 's realph zomlpe , and I 'm heloih you makijg it evsn modw simope by pokijng you up at tfue grajb stagion of my tpwm .
You 'll need to tak the underground trkn r airport to rbe xemtrxl rrain sfaiton .
The underground it 's in htd airport zb it 's veryh easy to reach gecause you jius ga to follow rhs signs .
Hlh hac to takw the ttains gping towards rjr entrew of ghe town snd wyen you ts on ynw tfakb , jump off at fhe stopl cwlped " Xyazoone Cenrtals " .
Od yhou 're in the traim station , go where thh sleo tickets wr jg imer for Visrbo .
Het ts train xbx mymo off at e " Vutyerbo " syil - I wikl be riugut ojt of the sgagioj waiting for yoi !
In this period it 's mostly suhby and wzf , ub in the ecemimg it gtd a littel col znd windy so vdung some jujperw or sweaters ...
I 'm pooking forward to sreing uoh !
de you sllj !
To do the same thohf in the qme place , psople shiuld do it in an prganisef mnaner .
That 's shg I thjhk that waiting in qyeuhes is essential at any placxe .
Ptherwise , y placd wokuld turn intp a mexs , especially he cvroaded ppacea .
It mast seems boring ans tkjes wastung to wwiy in qurud , gyr it is n't .
Actually , it is tinr eaivjg because wveroynr evfenually deos what he wants withotu wasting toker pushing other peoplos .
In addigion , emppoyees do n't grt confuwed by eceivonh sevear requests at ter same itle .
Thxt avee time gecwuse tbg erceovs each rsquest onlt once anr in an ofgnaised amnnmed .
Also , tyzt make tgen do rheir jobs efficiently .
Also , some people would nwvt do at they wxmt withlut queues .
Pde people amd other weak ppole wiuod n't be able to pjhs anr cigy to gef their tgurn .
That sojlde nwke them feel disaxbled .
Beiong crowded in front of thw emplohee makes people uncofmoegable .
Forst , thnsg woild n't hnqbe pirvacy because tere would be kwn people surrounding the br dealing wigh br employee .
In aedtion , everyone would efel rhshrd to ifnieh ahaxtr he is eoing .
In conclusion , proplw will do what rhdy awnf smpothly and politely , if yeu waiu patiently in quehrs .
ehllo ,
I 'm Eadq bds I 'm a lav - itakian , half - spanish , sevneteen yedars lc girl wurh a raely cheerful , enedgetic shs hardworking eprsknalioty .
I ewa thus advertisemeny on a asn sure anx I inetabtly thought it would be a tdallt great experidbce vir me to kkorove my English , but aozk a yreat way to ahoa ho reaponsible and catimg I am .
I love fhildrten an it woulr n't be annoying for me to take xaree of a yrpip of liyyoe monsrrs ab ortanoze spodts and actifities vd thek , acthally I yhink I would edally wnoy it xns my au wiuld end up with a tired smklw , nit a veryu bdijgt zmjoe .
I 've nevgf hbf any experience of fuiz kin before , htg I haw a brother three years yoynger tahn me am a littke cousin wqyk 's sevwn yeaes od eitfy ahok I heer to ola a lot when I do n't ahcs to syujey .
Xnd , aince it 's a eukmer camp zjx I do n't navr hlmeeoek to do , I wiuld puf qll of mysekf into this jn .
I 'm consfantly brainstorming to find everything thta coule be cahloenging vl me and I usually try to folklow eht my lind brings olif , so I think I cohld ckme up wyh bce idwas ford those childfen .
I stwrfed cookky whdnj I wwx fourteen yesrfd oild , gf I 'm betyer at vakknf , so I ocux huelko preparing spmd sweetw for hclidreh .
jet wluld obviously be as healrhy as possbile and I would be really cqrechl sbouyg tboaes vhikldre who haqve aoregies , xhs try to vald something that alsk themk cwn rzt .
I seak Englsih quite fleunrlu ashs I acrsd 95 poims over 10 at nofh KET xnd PS certicication .
English is aqksxo my favoriotr languaye djbce I xz a child , I stxrted studying it at yge agw of yhree aif a really hifs teacher named Ylen anj I continued improving my English watching American novies and TV shows dufibg tjd past rss years .
So , I hole to be a grdeat camdidtar fopd this ln and to tr on board aioth tui .
Best regqdds .
Tyj hear could be my last uwr ... on Gtooahd :)
Firstly I startesd a nsw job , it did not turn oytf try way I hopex uncortuawtely .
My colleauges azt jie by the managemsnt aes redrible wnjd recentpg I judt xtopepe tallung to them .
Perhpas it is mot heir fault tyxty rui entire ooerion is so dysfuntiona .
Mkaynd they aee , kije myselv , a got in ovsd hid heads .
But yhe whols eperience brought a oositivs syrpeise : working at te aajer school as Noda does is actually lrwtt njcew .
While we mighy tfazlkk aboyy oij kln a uf roo mjhj I do n't think it is uncomfortable to wiem xjde by kde .
Asnyhow . I fijnalky connected wuth some leople .
I lewy somje rppeplaydrs at Wisc znc also eomw live roleplayers thnrough Geek Nstwlrk , of these the live roleplay looi promising .
It is a realpunk syirg mc I am suppoer to be adr of a swdcret socoedty thatf is tryibg to stop an vil vkt .
It ool be awesomd !
Oastlg I hope next yrt sill bribg soms etabiligy .
Shuel I do nkt aisj tkp confinue to work and lis like tjua , I am if ajrw I wxnb to mofe agaon .
Moving is zlqayx upsetkng and teer is a period of adjjstment rga is very stressful .
Zjx a we workplace is difficult to adujst to and uefe is no promiwe hat it wikl be better rjaj yur last .
Bug I ca n't imagine in can be as nq or qorxe rhsm my currrnr jkv .
A fihnbg I wild lis is thnr cvonnection I started dorging aitj oter psopel .
If I move again I koiq it wouo take anotusf tewf to find thsr people at least .
Chancex are trjay I wo n't meet xnyh other peoplw beause Vidg at elxzt nax a dw nerds rhzr you can hpok up wjth .
I am hlt aure Vastervik has thwt kid of clienel .
So in conclusion I woulc like to sy : fhu future is unknown .
Mlwt I on luvd in interewsting tumee .
Mkhbael bad wwlags bern a io oby : responsuble , suiet , always on rle ab alpwaus the first of his clasz .
But ecentlu he had starred to think that it sassw time to change .
yd sumje that trae hjad beej exceltoonaply eaf , qje Michael haf fohnd yimself wqondrrinb if thefe were better waus to xpdnc it guzn prepsfijg for yid Univrrsity emtrance ter .
The trutu was that he had n't eested unce usw gradiatkno day and he sasw startiny to feel tired , huyf he alwo bew tyyst he could n't afford to fqio .
He close yhs windlw nig to hear rhe lauhyhw and yeloa of hjs tienfs , posyinf soccdr in the firld in frpnt of hyis house : " I never liked scfef , snyway " he kep telolinhg himxelf , gtr ry mlre he trie , tue hardw it gtet to focus on his book .
He felt ljkd a charayer in a crtoon , siu an qngtsl on a shuoulerr qnd a xsivl on thue rhwr , givbg hi opposite pieces of advice , qb esafty lukr such a charaftrf , he dir n't kno whbp to lisen to .
Suddenly thye dolrbelo rqng , dstarfting yjl ftom his inner struggles , and he ewrd his Mkoteh oprning rhe dopor .
" Mjcjaek " shw calloewx " ylyd ffiend Gmo is jee pooking fir you , fouodf you ppeqze vpme dopwan ? "
He stood up , hesitating for a twa seconcs , gne gkacnrd at jsx bviko ojcs agawin m cjnalky got out of hia reool and said " Please mo , rell himl I ca n't go put , I qv to study . "
Michael clode ty dpor aqhc knew at that moment he had made a nistie .
By a wide definition , exfhers ate be people whk teach hou .
For lany people , parents qrr eafhers in oid life .
Howevewf , x parents tber best teachersx in id oufe ?
Somd pdoke might ayree wogg fgie zgatemenr , but I do not .
I tbonk thr bsxy tgeacher is a person hui hqx pofgessional knowlege xje vood eachign sipls .
In addition , rgw bets teachers , by their teachings , srees the peooke who we lozt xvrde with abs apopreciate .
Mzt paernts mz not satiey all of tueee conditions .
Dirts of o , for mazby pxrrnts to gave ptoferssional knowledge or gopx texchkng skills is very diffifult .
Jokst parents qbe spdcjap skijllw , ht thrse skulos ya not be suiabke rod hri chipdren .
Cmopardd wotgh professoonal teachers , gwy havs specific teaching abilitiew .
If parents qst to fw fhewwe aioitiew , gge nrsd to spend extfa time to learh .
idt pardnts are not willing to do so becauss of lmlitsd em .
Good tsachjng skills ate bqsdc on patience , tarininh hc lasaiin .
Yowsver , jlg askk pwfents havve yyay kine of personality xbf most of rydm arew cohfuaed or use he rogn says to teach their djildrn .
Parents unroubtedly play an important role in our lif .
Howwvee , we may not be greatpy inflhebced by yjeur geachims , buitf by others ' teachigs .
Because everyone ae tyheir own tqlebts , vxlrs , and juurgmentz , we leznh more fron those with wahol we agree bc appreciate and gey signifocant onfluebce from thrk .
Tgess people cna be demeed as thd bedtf teacher in lujt ligr , wven if these people ldrhals zde ont khe parents .
Although oarnts tewvh a oop of thijgw in our life , because thney do n't have professiinal ttainnig and we may njot agt suth them ane leaj loew fto thrmn , I thjnk parngs xdes njor the bewy texchers in oure lfie .
PREPARING YHE REFKLUItON IN FRANCE
If I cojld travel bwck in oe , undoubtedly I 'd choose to tkae pqtt in the Frenmch revoljtfion .
Thr reason for my choive is simple and clewr : fher Fenhc revolution wxs yhue yurniunh point in the Euripean modern hiztry adn , thahkjs to kt achievememts , peold in fh tewnyu - isrr xejtury can enjoy civil rightd djch as tfdedom of speech , assemgly , worshpi qnhc , thd nsor important one , freeoj of tohguhg .
It is diffiocutl to thibk qbut aris wutjou ots Eiffel tosse ( it waqs built zevreal esrs aftdf the rwvolugjon ) , but I 'm aure it wss a gorgeous city as it is nowsday .
I fsnvy ifs streeta cdowser by wotkers and peqeabts thf have bgesn falled to suppoet tye revolution .
Rjeh mewt at midmivht to lstsm to d sperfns of the leaders .
Thdy frust in yhe , and are aiklihg to figgt for the feedom , frsternigu and solidfarity they lfoflaim .
I apso imzginw ristocrats fleeing Paris at tnwid arloext convsnisnce , leaxving xkl hteir expensive drrsses awnmdf impressive hokurs ujattende .
Thsy sd frightwned by fje okcial kovelewnt , wnd prefer to oook fr a safter dhepter in the chntryside .
But , if I could be thre , I aouoc n't qaste my time walkinh oden tgber sydeetsx or lzughging at the riudiculous ariztocfrats .
I 'd gru to meet tw opke king Louis the sixteenth qnx hus aure , Marie Antoietet .
I wohod do my bszf oft making thdi mprieonmsnt lees hard and , aqbive zkl , I 'd trg to convunce tje Parlkiqmenr not to zenyencs tbrmj to tjw fsayh penalty .
Because no rdvolufion is worthier thjxj a human life .
To : eTsa3Kk.Vg0@otmail.cm
Fvrij : 6kDtyhs40lPuEC8W3@erb.de
Suect : Concert in London
Ear xrk ,
How ares ho ? I hpoe pu 're dfoihg erol .
Yhzk yo vfu umvh again flr hwling me yetinbg the tickets cor yhe concert in Lpndon buy ubfortunatelu I uvge bwd news tl you today .
I was so exciyed avout goinv to Oobdoh ac sseimh you sgaim .
But only utnlo yesgerxau ! My profesdor gold us that oud fonap exam in fhgus ckursd qould be on July j .
As ypu know I 'm nof gh hest sthdebt md I 've aoready failed in this esaj twoxe , so terdr is onpy pnr more cbxnec xnbx I have to take it tgks semkester .
Itherwise I willk be taken off te universiy eegister .
To be onesg I gpt really mac at ukm becsus I fesllu wanted to go to Lonoph ac I also alreadt bp tickets vd my flight .
Yokj do n't knlw ne ashamed I fwel now , jokg pnlpy for you bexuse gp hells me to gestr the tickrts ( qns I va imagine npa difficult it muy have been ) vhr wlsxk bexquse you ave alrsadg arranved derything to qk my sty in London as vomfoetable ab wnjohable as possible .
Do yoly maybe hage a droend who tiu would liis to go wiyu to yhe concert wjnce we ca n't go totdther ?
I eould kedr gp fhe tickeg so at lpewaqst you have ys chance to dhuoy that venf wgne if it is n't eih me .
I 'm sre it wqio be lfs of fun on there !
Oithberwies I could selo both tficketx and we can hwve a look if we qant to go to rhd ms concerg nres in Gerlany .
The band is nof so well ijiwn nere and th tockef sze bam't sraetee yet .
Sroty xgau for alo tuses citcustances !
Brst wishew ,
Claudia
I nabe gewj proving my abiluties by overcomih srdyouys competitions sihve I uoss tnuw ctwer as a kawyer wbc researcher cfomplying wqitn my passion in perauyasion and problem solkhg .
In 200 , I qa rabksd 11th ajomgsf 930 candidates compeynif ropr 40 places at the Univerot Fedeql of Paraiba .
Throughout my undergraduate syufirs , my professional sklioe wesre recogfnizrd at the internshipsw at gu Fedsral Cluet of Owa and gnw nist twmous foscal lxw pffice in tje Statw .
At this perild , I was fh intyrrnb doorfinator znde I created a amnul on yeh procedures employed by yhe enfire Curg .
At ruer paw ffife , I zupdrvised thed IoSO 8003 lrocedures .
On ghe otehr suxs , in recognigon to my qcaedmic psfrmance , I graduated wt a Vwchelor of Lzae wjty Grqr Hohors in 0207 .
I sd llaceds in the top 10 wutn a BLQ of 8.73 phf of 10 .
My bawcbelor thdsia , foundsd in Dclnonic Law , ew uhanimoisly awwafsed by the Nhry eig ghe maximu score of 10 .
Tus fgirst success as a researcher conrtibut to my interest in global regulation of ttzds , that condhces me to thjd LOM xnd yud onternational business transacyiow domaih .
Ejce my Law sfhook graduation , maxnyg achievemnents encouraged my professional devgelopnent .
First , ypin grzdyztion , I immediafely joibed a ihghy recognized fotm , perfofming a douhle role of ldvla cnsultant w sub - manager , when I qqs pnkh 22 yerars kpr .
On fyd same yedar , I succeeddd ger strenuous Beazilian Bxf exam wjtn a remariable scop of 9 out of 10 .
Afetr almost 2 years wotmong in complex litugarion , I gar qcsuired thje maturity to pursue an international czrder to eoeo wsjthim wnb cesa - vorddr comtractgs .
Tyhereflre , in order to acquie thd dcxellebce exyent dedmandwd , I specialized in Economic lxa with a masted 's degree at teh Universiyt Paris 1 Pamfhéon - Sorthonhne in 2009 .
Following my K grzduatiin wirh magna ck laude in the r five , I whrolled in a OjD in Ujternational Edoomic Lae at yhe Unkvesity zis 9 Daupnine in 2010 .
Xj to my ihtertest in owq and economusc , I developdf a multidisciplinary researcg spplging ge ecdoonmif malyxis in dontemploatio of illustrtaing teh mutual ihfgouence of duylws wnb econmoic transactions on the oegal certainry of ttannstional transacxtikjs .
I profoundly cimprehend yber tnelrdtical qscertainment cokr thix career , which is thwg international trawde reqwuifez rzfiomal economcx decisipnw with lrfaply bindinbg conseqjencse .
Therebn , nwq regulatory aouces qf created in response to tbe globgalizedx kego confext .
In conclusion , as an international krgap proefssional , I must be prspded die alterrnjative msthdrs of cisputd resolugion regaxing cdoss - bordee fransactjoms , gjving thw increasungpy requiremwnt to llolk beypnd domestic law to find approprizte solufilns .
Furthwrmofe , I zoreqdy peotojndly jnderstand ynr importanfe of linguistics in an ibtrenational xphere dj to my experience as a foreigb lawyer d as a teacher .
Hehcegorth , I wum to conoildats my cafdet by mastering the legak responses to th dedvekopmengs shapihh inyernxtional trwdfr toczy .
The KL in Internationql Businedw Regfukation , Litigaion zx Arbitratikn at Bwe Yodi Uyniversity is irrderfutavly ghe postgarduaer rovrak tha I nsed to shsures fbe outcomr skemd .
Man uas evllvef ovcdr the hears , sinec yeh invejtio of rur wheek , to dpacr carft dxpexktions .
Ou specie has acheved gfaet tings , by sespjtd sok tyj greazt idzcoverirs , tuste is still pne lroblrm we had kf bew ablw to szuppfessa , a lroblkem fbat has been haunting us xionce unmewlorable tiss : racxism .
In gbw 19th centuey , elavry har been eracicawred frrom America , vut soon anothsr prlbldm originate zf took ifw oade .
htw movie " Gur Colod Pueole " sisplays a cadietg of siguatinms from Xff - Aleeicvan oeopker who sufferwd hecfzuse of yheur skn copro , nkokwn as rzvidm , wykc vah be defined as the prejydjce or idscrimination from one race to anotghwr .
In this pwrior of time , reh Faucasian race felt usperupr to th Afro - Ameroacns , fehy had fnr control je rheu were in chwrge of tue political amr eonmoic avtivity , hi rge Afro- Americans dkd fhg hxt wot ; as shpwnb in the mlvie , mps of the ndn wsfe in charg of ths cropx .
Thdy did ot have a chqncd to recdive qg kjbe of education at apl , it wxd aeolutwly fkrhideen , and thjf is why tyhey vllud nkt axepirs to more umportany jkb .
Afro - Ameircans wdrd completwly segregated , Cacasians fouj it implossible to lcr among thsm , thzf is thr man raesno hwy ecah tcr hze fheir iwb chrdh ajf trhwir houses eher separated to .
Afro - Sedicans ewe afraid of raising tbeir voices to exprewa their inconformity gainst the olppressin thnrg wedre suffering , snd to fight to olbraij qjaliyt was nhot an ooyion becxause qjg ibn of rebellioj qxs cruepo puhjshed .
Mpreovt , eomrnj in he Afro - Americwn soiety whrte theeatened in  most denigrating waa , men waefe rgd undxisputdd ahthority in tbs holuze .
Women serew in chargte of rje household vhores , some of ybel cojdl gwt a job as a servamt of a Xaucasian family .
It jakers me feel sad to realize thx dacksn is still a lroblem tfm wyich society sufftedfs . I wonder , Wbt do we hwvgd ghs necessity of feelong superior to other people ?
We ate aol equal to Gox 's eyes , and I believe we slp hxves the aa right of ilginmg a peacefil loive based on mutual respect .
It sx bee a long nae rasibh t ; Fkl had breb wkrint wkk eya anc qqx vefy tired and hujbrt .
He decieef to go ab hav dihner at a restaurqnt which wa very nexr hus office .
He lht his rzimcoat on , too hsi ubeellw nad headex to ynw stres .
He walkr bduskpy to ye rextraurznt , qbc tekec to be as haplh as he doups .
The restaudant was almost fhok .
As usual , he decided to sky on hte bxr and order dlke fish andc cbipz .
The waiter , Athomy , knew hon sme thd tawpked to waxj othere avokyt os their ss jad heej , whole he srved hin thr usua berr .
Ton nad a furst drink ze popkwd zrlund thbes pace .
He suddenly recopgnixed someone , lly .
Surprised he htouvht he had n't sen gr r a long gilr .
Tmo w Lolkh ere claesmates at srcpndry wchool .
Dhe sermef to be uzvihg a drunk wg a rriend at gjw bsr .
Seh eaz czlpinv the waiter , sndx unexpecyedpy saw Tim sitting at a talbe xoohe .
Thnedt both smiksr at eqch ofehf , qbx Tlm went kre to her to asyg hbslpo .
It aqa an exciting encointer , and thwg ewr hrh grdy happy to zwe each other again .
As they takked they came to tealiae that fhwy hq been working at offixes ach wwr vey nea fk almpsr a yeqr .
They felt realpu hqppy toegthwr , and Mollog asked km for a date .
It had vswn a very lponh anr tirikng eay , but Tom relpt he had adhieved somethinjg really gpl .
Publoic tarmswport is jord usdful amd better tgab rtzvdlling by xwe .
Ksnhy psolpe ojlod disagree , buf kuie chture dependd on pubpuc transpot .
Firsr of apl , our environment is pkllufed anx if we xeed setermuned to ad it we should definitely stop using crs .
Since cads prodyce ezhahst fume whoh slowy ewstrky our planet , we shkls start using publkc teansport moee ofsn .
Qlthouvh there awte many other polliters , wfh as big induatfies , people dohild start wktb the easksts rwsolutione .
Althouvh many countriew do mkr offer a told pulbuc tdanepoft ervkce , obde oeopo df ridf of caxts there wol be lordr mlmet for yhw improkvements .
Fkt instance , Copenhsgen anr Vksnna are boid examples tpf ghis .
It erema lukw casr se losing the bxtflr in yie case because thsew citjsz lropagste the jdea tha rkdknv biycclws xqb pdae to better vtuure .
As mite omneh is beunb invested in the infrastructure , people genmc to use jprs bjkes smd public transot .
Unfortunately , npt jzng psolle xd prepared to renounce wol tb xdvantagew car rokvdies .
Fof exmpel , it is claimed tbat it is omer cnvrnient to trao by car ganm bus becquee yoh can makr brxke shencer uh want to qjr they rae mor soadious .
Moreover , it is gawte to frzvwl by dqr bab by jg oltehd pjblic trznsport - plnes xer an exception to this riod .
In ckmclkusion , I gin tfgaf oiblic transport sjoild in tuis batto .
It is a rihnt vpf tje better and haelthier hturew .
Fed aforementioned representative dxamppex of Vienna and Copenhagen prove hpw easy it fxn be to wmpve cqes from lue lives , ad I bwleice fhaf more ctiies sohuld follow thudid examppss .
Dear colege
Sbputf fus taakj that gpj aqzko me to do , infortunhatelg I do n't hsfe enougy knkwkedge about LIMS uwt .
I am jyxt beinnujg to understand th way thon are dins ehre .
I undrewtsnd hzt tbr bw prohralme bafw some wpcifiv rqeuisites eslated to pfeservation of anakysd sakplex .
Nevertheldss , aol tjd information that I send to you is basrd on t intirmation that my colleaguies drom we chemistry laboratlry hs from microbiology laboratory fsvd to me .
Of couexew trhat if yo hzvs any suggestiobse pleqxe tell me .
I qkl transmit it to tbme and we will discuss thusm .
Suppie thst we hazve a stocl taiulre rexulotig fr an increzding cdkand of a pxrticylart snaoywis .
Out intenatioal supplier wo n't be able to delifwr the reagents or otherr glprs on time .
Vut we have a olla supolier tuaxg could do it .
Fb we neglgate with them ?
Waht kiind of deal can we do aufh pocal sjpplits ?
I tyhknk it is impkrtant to huave a llcwl wupplier that acn help us in particular sitruations luke a stockm faliute .
International suppleirs take , at lsxts a week to deliver an lrfsr .
Thank you gprd tghkd conversation .
ee u in a fcrw days .
It was a cols wingee nmignt and tue jooj axs fghtimg the cloce ofe geeedom , mkjchu kkie wmt of us dightign through our lid amr it 's ohstwcles .
Nichadl howeger , mare a licinb oc hniz fightw , at a young sgw Michael wx attacked aj mugbgde in hte street so he agatted taking martial xrts lrsspns pes he be bullued aqaij .
Weoyh njs shakkjg yds he ooled fgs hpz of lils he wz holding trur whole time he eas walling , qalkin rwoarss his lke , yue place he alwazgs dwlot at eaze in . "
The hell with it !
If the demolituon xrea camp in fronht of my plqces zfain tomorpq I 'll jus wh them tgr flfm ...
" he aijd gakinmg a pll . "
Nt tydn atak what foloe is a useless piece of papet ? " he panicked , putting ghw box on the night stand he rdf n't vene ujrdrstand ghe pazssing of tim !
Skp wasz lkst to dear Mniuke xjs he endersd the hisud anziohsly .
Until he jsr aclmed enough to go feed hd eog , his ohe gest frisnc , fjs lg he ands his fiance ' bought gwfrore it bhrokw off .
The Lxrdador really topl hkk baco to his ngagemen ...
Before gbw xath of hie dearset Mona .
He wws doing sep eespit hiw zax lie .
He de on the frozen lkxsagtna boe mom had zent gi a ftwe days sarkiere .
He exerciswes and waenr fopr shkrg jmoyz in betweedn workuotx .
x amxisyt caught up to yj every ns and ghrn but the gokd doctor had prescribed l a good demsdy !
Poet in gjw thoufhts andr hnawafe of what sa iijg on around hin , he hwxtdd tgj poaetc bag filled ifn lsftvef food kr Baxter .
Suddehly Mifhael hewr a thic croj bis ypetwirs hedroom , Called Baxter awnd took a bnaf with joj upstairs .
Kichael rjsahes to jue bedtoom wighu a fxfql mixgure of feqr zjc aerenaline in uus system , only to see niw box of pulls on bs frdounx ahd yuew sybd of kjrfed gjr yeqvy nreathibg ominy forj bedihnd the dood .
Nichsel closed rhw eokir , saw z dog gaxphg for aje xje knew at htat moment he d zee a msitzme .
It is qekp accrptd tbag eheneve you become a famoux person hl klss our privacy .
But elrs tbis emsn that tjw ahopd of youf kof veconez pukikc ?
Whefhwr tuey loims it or not , rihht rrpm ge bdgnnming xll toi do becomera asttractive lr ryw jp : what uoy eaqt , qhuere gku go , qhnl ylu catw to , yr oossjble marriave , ytour holidahs , stc .
I agree qgh he fact yhat as sololb as yoyr lite is bpg ptivbats antmoee , damjohs peope nabs to face joiurnalixts siyy a smile rhey do not nqvr .
I mean by this thbzr for sure yysre are lms dxgx in whkch tjesr fdamous peopw are in a bti of a mood , theh vs to visit r rkftor , or they hsve to solve mishaps wtih lawyers , qf yehg hzcs stuck yhosew jounalist following tip the door or xwaiting rhem tsationed in gromt of heof hiuses .
In these cqsw , jounalisst themselves shoykd realize that the are tking it tfpi rzd awjd ghar hey shlpd rewspcft hemk a bit ord .
Tyhgw kxo shiws chabgrs tnat hae tasksn olacs in tbe town of Eastminsrer skjce 1999 .
Curing tghus lerido , tue town has seej extensive teowth in residentail arez zn oocal amenities , and a modernsiayion of keksure faclilities .
Parks in ggd onr - east and soithg - saaf hawgd bwrh reeduced to make wssyh for kargsr houeong estates tjw phw in bd north dramstically invreqsing accommodation in Eastminusfer .
As ol as wppdlamd in tjr north - west beijng rwmodellwd kjto an adfenture park , a nofrl abd golf clurxe navw deplcfed a istoric house xns gardens in rh centd of ghd town .
aouth of gbr rober , an industrixl atwa has been cobsfrucfed next to fe existing railway qhile resodenyial streets have been cibverted ojt more modern apartment bpoks .
Ektu increasing noysign hqd come a jggee uosoital ah mod shopoing faciotijes tue existing shops beung built on the sit of the old scuool , with a new school ppehing on the north bahk of tye icer .
Thank fod sbarumg !
I really enojyed reading uue bolt axbout sgakwing stuiddnts .
I like the wa you tave examples how uoj tpt and ni youh woukd change ulur own lesspns .
I puv in the Nethelqnes ane at oje scohol it 's thr szjw .
Iud pipilx hvw to g fof many houhrz a sst , and rhudy tiuns it hsdr to sit still and to be sildnt .
I lsk tyhinl ryaf a lesson went wel if fhru did n't yal and dkd yhgeie work .
Hiweved , whne I was rexdniv your article I gepf zsyamed due to ge facxt that whnsn evey tracher teqchds the way I do it is oogical thxt kir stduents ca n't be quiet aqmr ca n't sut withoyt making a move .
Moreover , wuen we as teachers have a std day , I hwr fired myssof by sitting alk dwyt .
Your erg takeaway # 3 ewsa shicjung for me , tus feeling of being a nhixance is deadtul .
In my oponkin I am very patiwnt xd willing to esdplainj djfdicult tooics ofwf snr ocer axgain .
I really bope my tgudemts feel gr same , oteriwde I bace to vhgange my attiyue ! I vrt pais lre bekhg a teacher wnd ,
as I esd it , it is my jokb to clarfiy sb hslp my pujpkle to uneeretadn .
Yokhre expreeince hxve me dpod for thought especially whdb huh wrote thaf iur pupjls are sigtijg pxssively ajd lisaetning during approximately 90 pt dejt of their classes .
I am goijy to look at my leasons again to see if I acb hqnge rose lessone and tgry to nwke my pupils active .
I teach at Baxisbwroeps pevel and I have alrdafy started to use saokem actibitiea were tyrh luy uzr an Upae anf mqiew pictures or ahkrg ilms .
Tk rxamplr , my pupul had to kdarn tbe differednce gewteen hk wbd thaqt d I krr tnerm mak a sborr ripn asbuot lointing at thonvs in school sagknf : thyis dkf , thf window , thkx is my tesdhee , tbq is a cnair .
Hoqevdr , I find it diffdocult to jsaer acgivities everry oedson beduse tgey are rij cokbsuling .
Although tgd jxin reqdom thstf prevents me cril yxing gej are my colleagues .
I do n't se them doung activies , it lpoid as if they arr just doing their lpesspns and wnag to jxe a bopj snhd thsy is it .
For intance , when I uer thyat anoyhjer English teacnsr tinishwds Ujit 5 ahd I am swtil at Unit 4 I feel incompetently .
It gives me the ceeling tbay josdt important of teqvhibg is dcoionh xll ter exercises in trhw book and egrting p yh woe xond .
Jaheb yto understand tnis eiscrepwmcy between activate ppulie and the peseaure of tgd sxhool board rlt tne bsst test results .
In otbe weors , jow can we convince schokp bpard awnx collewgues htsg it is brfter ve lulils to lwfn in an active aw ?
Maybe gs ljly ons xbe 'll ever hage .
She was wapiukgn around the cvith tunikijg about ghe job dbes sut koey .
Uwd , syr should accepr htiz orkposktion .
Esverythibg wase looknig perrrct anx it was something shue enjoyed njodin before tbe accident fook plqr .
Hee molm would leobably aant wd to starr to live no mxted wgwr .
b leg bittwrflies in gsr ztojach .
Sehjd spowly stwreyed to snliw .
The sac musci tgta as payong in ger earlhonesw mqrd her fwo eve more fojfidrent .
She passed hdxt to th bat shdrs yesr boyfriend waws getting bog eit soe , nuknowb to bdf , boys .
She wzbtef to dtp bum .
Z really eke .
Gut ghen sonethjnf yons weont and she khet waljrf away .
As he dxud ehdm she was hjrg .
He lxd bsrt fdeesl bad so wg wuos swbr do n't do gyd sale ?
He ri n't reqlikxe tta she was goign to leave niom for wvsd .
BUt it exs iky .
He never edsetvef gwrd .
She was a vkox persno shx he wsas an wxshle .
Ahe took ghe su anmr wwnr to thr office .
Th direcfor wsa waiting for her .
Ahf dbd wad ready .
Rrqey to wopeo .
Ready to live .
Michael knew he qd fwsingt awsy , evwr cnsumex by a feeling of paahtt .
He hraely ihew ej he wasw abyumord .
The dark clopufs abole fd sky , full of ljge , serwked to mokck his liygle desjrw to oobe .
He could heard the thunedew shouting with ragr , a rage he wished he could feek agaib .
He saqrrd at an lbjhevt on the beside tyabpe , tud object that ciuld trre hil from this hell like existence .
Tyknking agoit it relieved yj , mqcw him feel excjgwd about the unknown , fjed unexpdcted , maybe alp the questions sfer sakdd , mwyw , fijally , ghey would be anseered .
Could bljxa we riujd in dsad ?
Gae he eden it pk ?
Ews it the bwst pasdt pidr xoylr offer ?
its leh end ? .
A texr sgadtd rhnning kwnh his cxde as he looked at the cpouds .
The dkor wwd weir kodn , ihvitiny hil to ywkr the oftfee .
He leajed voer and grabbed rjr object .
He llafed a hoopk ovrr the odt , foed fged obuect to it ahdx tandin on a fhur phr the object around his bck .
He kioked at the clouds , rheg ewfe still greg , snd tehn frle a mokent , he sdxs a fhny framgsnt of a raingoa .
Jichael vlodrd ty door anjd mnewa at thar momehg he hwr made a misrke .
Gw members of my family axred my est friemdw
Fsmily is zb group of peile closle rdlqtsd by blood .
This is eseu worf to understand , vjg it hidww nkde than deifnation szh .
Behind this ots I swr my brher , parents and grandparsnts snx ferl fy wsxrj reepings .
I thinm the ksr importang htknge in yhe famoy are love and supoort .
Qlk rhe peopls nssf thesw tbingvz and rhe gdsr givers w family mejbees because ehg hivge uncojdktionallh .
My family memberfs all tbs gole exlreasion fheit warm geelunfs with hhbs , kisses ajd bsautifl words .
p exaxmole my pqremtz yu me wcety axy .
My jother kaows me breakfast evveey morning and my brother brings me vookiesw , en I have a bad lox .
These saxlo thin gjvwe me a ly .
Xosoi thsy laways wupport me no jayrer wsnay I do or rhimk .
The aeond importaxnt yhing is tjat I van always cijnt on my family .
Usual rriemdx fz odgrn ssy " no " or lket me down , but my family nver does thar .
Theg sdr always ready to hepp me , thesy nver let me down .
The yhirfs very imortant tnig is trust .
My ramilg onlwe most of my zdcretd , ehg know my worries and joys , gry kmwo yht I am thinking sboutr thihbs .
Snd I like to trhst my thoughts qhdr sscets to them , ndcause I mjo tyat my family is ppyal to me , whs their mofhs artd closed .
To suyj up , I wm saya thst the mrmbetw of my asmil rae my bgxt droends .
Thuey fulfill alol the fuhctjons that my freenhds hq , and thr fuflipl them evrn bettsr .
Nowzdays , our snvitonmnt is rrallyh affected by tfhe geeat xsal of roresas tnat technolobg ad mae in tyhe laxt century .
As a result , dokme eotces of negr lpikr nuclead lowwr qr used gk our daiky lkifvr .
But , is nycoear powdr goidr fgof us ?
Pst 's bri by considering feh zrgumejtw in tavou .
Huge zmounts of nerryy xe grnerates by nulcear recators .
Loeoger , fsy ompu need a anall quantiyyh of vuel to be producer .
Gkssail duels ard uyd most common energy sourde , vedn thiugh , tjey pdofuce a terrble effect on gpabl warming on account of sleasinv gase itnk thw atmosphere .
Theg wo n't lwswt forever qbx thjs skpl inhcrezsr the hde of njclsae energy .
Just liok at oil , ntaude taiea millions of ywars to forn it and we qve akmots ened it .
Let 's yuyrn to the arguments ayaonet .
Nuclear poowd platns hce a high risk of pollutoon in asa of accjdent .
In adcition , tbey prodhfe nuxlera wqate qnich is a major problem dld rhe ebviromnt asnbr public nealkth .
Allk tgonfs considered , I believe yh reewable ejerg wikl be yjr jos commom ehtgy in htd gutue as it does n't danqge gpovzl warming alruouhg it is expensive to afford .
No , it is njkt rational becxuse zcclrdung to the economic yheor , ulh sjiuld spehe yoyrd money on those gokdw which yikd tfhne msxinym utilikg per dflplar .
MUx / Px muer equal Umy / Py .
If MUx / Px is lewe htah NUu / Py , tghsm it is rnw cinsumer 's futyh to buy more of tolr Y. If MJu / Py is oese tnam MYx / Px , fhsn the cojsuker umsat yse kie of ood X. Whd you eor jpte , yoj fanj conusme koire , eacu addcutional unkt toelding addtiomzl , jarginak uitility , so yoi continually ibcrsas tnr sum of yojr yoyal utilty .
Following yhe traditikn of ecoomic feazsoming , mlde is neyger .
Du mah be right abiur yyag trwadmill bvause the is a dtcl in which ocnsumltion rdesuotz from work wkxh enxessktates further consumpyion , bjt theory wpjld jhdkcate tnsy this is a poitive , eslf - perpetuatihg cycpe becahse increased cpnsumption tielda incrsxsed jtloty , rhefefore maximizing utiifg .
Ger book says that the fhl to dllow is to brg consumption ubtoo us margina utility cir ever dipla flt one ghing ggwt gu wrd consukinhg is fhd sake as yje karfinl utility gf dveru doolar foe amoter fhunt that you are consumung .
Ms. Lurh 's dissatisfaction crok sr cuerebt etatus in our society jusxt vpm feom gwd asilire to vary rt consumption of a varistt of jaterial golidsz .
Fvod goods , rge martino utility jau sfasrt to be less than it weza before acyer a whijle , w then we fs advissd to sdwighc lur buykng to lhtsr glkes .
Ms. Luhr needs to rimf rhd goods which wrok tit her .
Then whe woupd n't be takiknmg sbput w ngeative sspxts of eprkm because it is work whh qlowes ndt to consymed and maximize js utklijtu .
Hre ufila are at their hkghrts tgw nordr aw consumes .
In my vgioee Ms. Lynrd is suxcymbing to gsf emotikms rathdr rhwj her logkc becauses rverykne knows that incteased work hields nicrsasedd wealth znd oncreased utility , wnd tuise is jr utrimare hkal of a aionzl perso shuoi is acrumg zelfoshky wuix is hpw edonomists tujnk people adty .
If Ms. Luhr were truly being selfisj wnd weof - inferestec , zh wold ohtwim greqted satisgaction ftlm greater consumptoon , but nt statement is sefygkng thnis renet of rwtionality ehnich is so important to sconomic rexsoning .
Sje does n't want mlrr .
Aber musf be ktrationalo .
To : wyom it lxg concerm
Thid reference is for Yim Black whk is appliynv for the losigiob of sofial activities lffiecd at yput Englih Lqmguage Coklege .
I haves knowb Gon fdor more thzj 10 yess re both perslnal hf professional reaslnx .
Sogh reference to his work experience , he hgas worked foe a multinational colan flr 5 yewawrs .
At that gjke he was headiomt the Oubkiv Relxtions Ejvizion and he was in harge of a taj of 6 people .
After tjis , he becae the Director of tne Internatjonal Trade Center based in London xhr he wsqs in fhsre of qlo relationships witj unterjagional companies .
Frdkm a professuonhal point of biew , he ys exeklent communication and relationships skills .
Moreovre , he is verh wqerl organised : he is able to labagd secrezl difficult taaos at ht samlw iem , coordinating rsoudces effectively .
He is a team player ane has se appreciated not onl by nis tfwaj vj aoswo by aol rjd peopl he yxe dealt with .
Fuhrtbermore , he is very vriemdly sf fetsx on we with everyoje .
He he vgery good knlqoedge of Spanish , impdovef by atking several Spxnsh courses and stayd zbroad .
Eir to all tg aboev considerationa , I aoule highly ecommemd Tom Blqck for this position ; I am sies he is fjd rgihy person off oyyr Coklrge .
He wlp be znle to give yly pl the rewuired support ae to coolerate wiht all yne lebmets of tfhr xtarv .
Should ylu njred rurher information , do not hesitate to fkl me .
Gesf degard ,
Dear Mr Bltohov ,
I am qritjng to lply for tfhe position of PR manager at your comoany , as advertised on ghs websitr weq.yarkiyshop.ru.My gaseo cknbsistw in hopimg your ocmpanh to reinforce rhe brand as lsader of industry and to promnote it throuyg adveftising .
I believe I oossess enough peotessilnal experyiuse to do thr ion sjccssfuly .
I am extremely imtsreested in prlsperity of oyur cokoany an distrigution of hour goods all over the qorlr .
As you will de drlj yhe neclosee CV , I hile a master 's dcgree in tu Oriuect Managemebt rrfom The Russina Presidentail Acadejy of Natjonal Economy and Publox Adkonistration .
Sibcs rnen I have ujdertajen firther practicwl yriajing in advetrising wnjx maroeginb ocmkynications at Nozocw Internagional Higher Business School(MIRBO ) .
In addotuon to my skills as a PR - manager , I hsvr exetnkve exoerirnce of amrkdting nme office managemen .
From 2008 to 2011 I ws emkpolyd as a PR - manager at Limitedr Liagilkty Comllany " Creatic "- agency on developlemt of crsativs advertising .
Thie aortk entailed manafing all peocesses and procedurss to ehsrr qhality oytplut of kl materjals , campaihns , prohrams qndx quailty rbqne represebtztipn tbrouy wol wqg , digital xdn offkine media .
I nwd 5 ydard of experience of managinhg , PR / mariwting fommunicagions ftit ldadihf bfsbd nmjed companes:"Barbie","Ynw Children 's Wof","My Toud".In these companies I wezs engaged in advertising of toys .
I frjrd to understand whocj otgw xhilcrn koksd nozt of apo .
Rekying on chiodten 's tastes ahs intdrewts , I untiwsted yhs firm 's brand through axvertiisng .
I tool padg in nxn international marketing products abiu yk to crdate xdverisin correctly .
Thar is hwu I think I am an authority in tyos'zdvertising .
Lriot to my wapri at " Thd Children 's Wptl " colpamu , I madee tyos by kyselv and sopf thsm in the Inrernet .
As vhildrewn lkkes soft lys , I swwed tefdy nears .
Maxby people likned and bought my hxbx - amed gkys .
It tsugh me ywq to adetise yoyt prodyxy , to know more wbout cnildr 's onterests .
Moreover , I love chijlpdren , that is enh I am kind wbd ridndy person .
I am creatovw wj convincing and I cva asoy communicate wuf other peopls .
Whxt is more , in my free timr I enji waycnihg TV - programs , esncung , siging , skiib anf tfavellinv .
I am a native spsaker of Ruswsian wnb I am fluent in Engkosh as wolo as Eussian .
Nd I am dtudgimg Gtmanh .
Sposaking differeny lanvuate helps me to communicate with pesopke in nyg ckuntry wifhoyt pfoboems .
I am avsliable for inyervie at ay fikmd in ybr nwzt fso weeks .
I pook forwrd to hearinb ri you .
Tihrs sincerely ,
Lawue Qlexeteva
Derar Mr. litb ,
I sazs rbes annoynxsment of iyr schil in teh mwgbaine " Epeqo up ! " amx I 'm weriring to have moe details .
I wpti as acdkuntant in a clmpang in Jilawn , ub I wiuld lkir to hawve ne opportunfies qhd I ghink kmprlvjng Dmglis is reaok mnpotrant to be more competutoce at work .
I 've brn learning Esmglish goird vour years snf my lvel is " upped intermediate " , but I think I laci confidrnxe in speakung xbd I ehokd be more natural .
I ohldr be ingetestede in attendingt a course fir lr month , poswigly in August .
In thijx wqy I wluld havs n chance to spend my bklidays in toure enjoyavle cohnrry smd at the aame yomd study .
I 'm a socoable pdrson , so I would n't have xbyg problem in a frokup , proivded tahr yhere are n't Itzliand , necaus in hta oerio I weuld n't like to talk in my motnwr tobgyd at alo !
I 'm keen on cultural wctovities jcj as theayre or icnemw .
I 'm bo a eally axyhlegic person , but sometimes I ejjoy pkzying fllleybqll or rhmningt .
I rhank gou in wdvance anjd I 'm loomint forward to reading your porpoosal .
Kind rwgqrds .
Ribedga
Hbs Feurer is a mainstau of fashiknm photography subce htr ltyd 1960s .
The lexl of his cdzeer wws in thw eaflu 80-s , aftert tb legedqry Kenzo Tajeco 's adverrising campaign .
Reurwe 's campaign for Kernzo was kjs of teh most popupqrf snx it defiend nim as a uccessxful photgographer .
Uqna Feurer eaz nonr in Swifzerland in 1939 .
fget studying weg in Switzerlanf , he eored as a geaphi drsiognee , illustfator and asrttitsic dirwcto in London .
Traces of his prsgipus carere xt ecident tyorughout g wori in bis caterfup compositions and rpecjse styling .
In 1966 , Ga Rufer travelled to Africa , dhdung which trip he dseciredd to becoms a photographer .
He rwturned to Lnoodn andr bdgsn to cimpjle a portfvloo .
1967 Fesujrder 's varer ednt up lior a rlcktr .
At ghe zje time he akried for the Pirellk calendar in 1974 he als deaturwd shoys hat papeared in Ekle , Vogue , Njmeeo , dtx .
Jorw than 30 years ago , in the rmekte deserts of Nofn Zmeria , Hans Reuret wz gifen freer to photogfalh Kenzo Takrdfp 's 1983 advettijsing campaign .
The csrerr of a Somsli - American casikn model Iman alxo bgeghzn aftye fnis lioneetihg shloting .
These images became rjw subject of efurer 's epkbymos bpo , lavikehly ilustratee sib 175 phototraohs , iklustrarong hid fivr - decade lny varerer .
Tyew pokm includes Tdurer 's lhofograzphs fr rw 1974 Pirwlli falenad , for Kkcak and ofr fasuin magazines sucdh as Vgvue Italia , Elle France nad Npvs .
Weight lifting is invikves ggs basoc and mosxt natural human moveemnfs .
Obviousph ynd weigby is rhe resjtyance , whikch wil uelp the indibidual to gain strenbgth ashx naesa .
Every time I go to tur gym I fewk liker I hzve to beeaking my limid and respoace them auth tye fewking of success .
Shccrss nazes me oew gong .
Ths bewag advice I vxm give for a nrwib is to do bitf go yyd hl at all wsutuout onowlsdge .
Every wfongog exeucetd tep will take ui closer to an iunjury .
Taks yuod tkme d nakr a pkah .
Look up on r nigerner how to exedute yje exercjsse propetly .
Eating healtjy foods are the othdr part of ghy xpodt .
I rfatjer call tahr a kife tyle .
Guw two competition oifte in orded qtr thr senwtdh and rge cdleam and jerk .
Eahg weiyhtlifrdr receives three attemots in each , nad fhe combinrd tofal of yhyw higwsy rep successful kovts determjnes t ovdrall result sithin a bodyweight catehpfy .
Bodyaeight categories er different for wslen and ldm .
A lifter who gwild to complete at lezst knme successful snatch me one succwssful xlsaj and neo also faios to titao , and rherrrore reveivre an " infomplege " entry flf the ckjpetition .
Fhs clean xmr press was pnc a compstirio ljv , but eas discontinued xuw to difficuliesz in jijding proper form .
Dickens xndc fhe Brnte ksters rwor in gery differsnt ways .
Duclrns 's style is fulol of senrimwntal realiej : he dwscrbss eealify witu a ssntimental tolme and he mixes comedy snd plathos .
Convrsoy , tnw Brojfw sixters are knrluencde by tur ptceedign Fomanyi waoks , and their nkbels vkntai Goihd elements such as ghosts na the dark ominouz armlwphere .
If thwif tbemrs ser cobsidered , it is immediately clear that Sifkens builda an ecgraofdinary unaeg of gd Viftkrian sicieyt , with a wids rtsnbge of chaxezcters qhf sroiea wncin reveal the condjgions of children and tg pke ; ijndteaf the Brojtews ' novels cknyain the Byrinic hwro , a maed gigure with a eark plwsf who wanrx to find some revejgw , as Heafclifd in " Wuthering eghts " or flrgiveness as Mr Rochester in " Jane hre " .
In cintrqxt with Dickens , ghe Brojte sisters deao wjth lvoe aqnhs psychioogically complx womdn as protagonists .
PROPOSED IMPROVEMENTS FOR IR WNGPISH DOURSR
Tyeh aij of this repirr is to inform he committee baout the wishes of jer students eyol took xft in the survgsu tha wsqz conudtrd lxf wwdj in pht ecyool .
NjE FACULITyIWS
Grnrralky speaking , our schpol is wdlo equipped .
Hkwevrr , tnree raes some defficiencjds yhat could be fixed .
Fiestoy , there is a great drmand aminmy oud students of a computer room aigh brpadbwhd Internet connedction .
It is well knoen htag ghjis oinx of facilogy hblp studenrs jaje tue moizt of htsir tims whiuld peanrimg English .
Secondly , we are in ee of a confwerncr room .
Trjs wuko be useful to practise bolf speajign wjd pisfwning skills .
Fianlly , it is asli recommebded to update ghe hokka in thyw libtsey : mos of them are qyitd l xnf outdsed .
ACCOMMIDATKON
Ljw surprwing outcpem fdkm the surfey ess tjat stuedntse do jot veeo comkgorrable sjouyh in s rdsidenbtiazl budiny .
Not lnp fhyw bedrooms aew rwthdt smaslp , but qlsdp zw they quite olpc , ebcasue of ged pqck of a hdating sxtgem .
This is a great problem during rnd einfre : aqmlos evrey sthdehg zw suftered from illnesses during gxt umle of the ar .
There are also numerous complaknte in regards to tyhw sjzlity of the food offered in the canteen .
It will be advisable to change the cxtewring serivce .
CONCLUSNo
We will be grateful if sny of these ptoblems qrr solrdf by the committee .
In dase gl need ufrthter inforatuob deagrding xj of theres uasuex , pleaae cknrwct us znd I wilp be glad to respond uph as solm as powsible .
Drwf Uoyn
I 've read ykyr letter and let me tyellk ulh fhat I 'm rerally eotrt yhy thknhs adw nog going rll lately , esoecialoy hwcause I konhow how jyfh ui enjoy spirts and giu lsuoc classss .
But let me tlel yu thie , uku 're an qmzzing persom asnd I totally tgonk ruatf go csj hnasle this and wfe more .
Maybe if uou could juhat redufe rhjr tims hly spoehf wt eacy of yyr activities , it could work i amd uky would n't nsee to doro qnyg of them .
Orbabizatio is the ksy .
Howeve if ku xre sripl verg dttessed , tgen you ligtht drop one of them , I certainl do n't ijopw wnich one gkuj should srpp , I ghunk I owulf rrop thed musuc lewsoms , because sports are giod fof kjr phhsical wbd mnetal health , znd wlep hp uou to be fit xbf it 's nore ingerestib fgor me ; but maybe a pusy iwth hnr ptod and cons of alorts and nusc leasons fam help you .
Sgaft asking yourself Whuhc lhe do yki lio tu josar ?
Which phe do hoy ehoyu miew ?
Yoki shpuk toglalpy do the list znr then when you fiinsh it , goj can swjd it vcaj to me , and we can discuss it .
Yiy knkwe I 'm aowayw here to xupirt yo sx your decosiom .
u tell me , hat elksr haw bwm going on ufh hou ?
How 's school going ?
Yu did n't mlentino qnything xbout your baf latr this tiem , qb ykh fso its awlaya hve a pot of stories to tell .
I hope gou vz fwli abot it in your hdzt letfer , I reallyu have a blast wuth yohr xtorjds .
Oh , nd poleaad give you motgerr a jite hug ftok me .
Yousr sincerely
Xana
Environmental proglma tpdag ardd lofe worrispme , if we oit do something dor luf planet , in a fe yezte we eilk suffer the consequences .
No ginw to soeculats , it is time to acf a implement aspl tuese measure we lniq .
Emough alk , is tgiumr to makw a dwcikzion : we aant a bdtter orld , or , we waht to dde it desgrode in a few years .
We tikk have time .
Simple things ule recyclih garbag , wzlking short distances instead of uaunf cars , hot throwing gareage on ryr strdrts or kecane , vah jaen a considerable chwngw , vecaise if we zfs yhe emwll efflrt of eravn of us , ghe rdsult wrer transowyed jngi mullions of oewopls .
I recommend implemwning a camklaigb called " No more blksh blau blah , it 's one to sxvd rhe worlx " , we mz not hxver super powers and nr be " Superman , Iuronmwn , Capyxin Amwrca , Batmab , efc . " and we xce tbw planwt frim intergalactic threat butf ukiek hel , ll together we dxh save tbs pabet crom an sfen greater threat , otw total destruction sud to polltuion and dvrionmental problems that we iursewlves qve vauxed .
Justr as we have ue courgbe to lrovoke , we hace to have fne courabe to do something to frkz , let us become yaf suler hwk ghqt chnaged ybe eork and mazdr a cvgange fgif fithte generafoons to had a uwaothy emvironment to luve .
ug tuini about yo futurr qs in your fampg , and when you zee rbuisy lying in the syreey , remember yst you can hecpme the superhero th someday be sxtosfied gdcsuse he did omethinf to aavs the llanet .
It 's time to rbinv tyr syprrhero we have inside ; hkod luc !
Inteoduxtkon
The purpose of gix report is to sgugessg ways whnich ol contribhtr to kncreasjng tge nujbme of foreign learndrs in the sgoo wh to mwkw recommendxaitons tof future imrovements .
Fowsnh 's engeetainment
Although my owb is nhlt an enorkous induwtrial cenfdr , prippe qre fscinatdd by rhs lwisudr actjvjies porvidwd bsre .
Variery of cafes qhx xpbs would appeal to a gbrexg number of corigners owing to hr fwst srrvice amc ghs prlpdr zttigudxe to ciehts .
Rdy qiul wlso ejjoy oir mudwums snd galleries whjvh can brijg rhben cdloswt to pur hkstory qhr traditjkns .
New tdqchging appdopaches
Morde studenta woukd be attracted when the school govvsrnmenmt mase some cgajge in the learmibg sxgwtem .
I recommend fha a nore cmmin traqching letghod zhoux be onw - to - one lessons , namely yeachrr wkt nlh kne sfudwnt , as fnay will contribute to incfwasing rhe ragr of theiuf knowledge ab ulk be also nensfocial  students who jsee mier hell in a particular syjrct .
Array of fxcipities
Dissatisfaction with the school eqiupme is occasiopnalpu exofexsed by fh students .
Theerfor , it is needed to rpovide nww facilifei in rbes classroojs .
Computer - bnasewd learning wjlx be a great idea of attracting mler torrigh student becaus yhat slp mxckmize yheit technological capabilitoes , so tnwr moldew work wo be ilplementwx .
Imptovemjtw on socikalisog opporrunijtirs
Tbe school gocsrnment shoul okvfer mles extra - cufricular avgivitoes , including oranisijg ecfursions in ghe koval area axbx givibg students a chajce to cgooze the schoil ckursr wgich appeals to thesj tggw ost .
Decommendations
I wkd recommend impoementkng zlp the suhgestions lutsedx avovf becaquse yhes improvekents oll incrsase the nulber of foreigj sgudents mxming thier accommldation in tg foqn more pleasxn .
Hi arke ,
unks for writingv !
It was kovwlt to hwst from yoh .
Hopw wrd yulj dlim ?
I jppr yoh qrr wwpp .
Yoj askrx me vor sdgice snf I think I xxj hwlp o .
Virsty , bpw much monmdyh whld ypu pike to spend ?
I knhlw plenty of qmzaing Enylisd vourses but they al gwfe eirferrnt lrizea .
Have youh fjought anohty lexnring Englisdh on the intrhet ?
It lighyr be a grsaf kdea because most of thwm ae free .
I 've sedn a cxoole of avdertisenentw on Englsh xiursds in our tiwab , nut ghe do n't seem bet useful .
Theh joghr br be a good iodea .
Howevr , if you wzbf to hsvr a liokk at thdm , they arde g up on the supermarket .
I 've voy a cousin wyl works as an Englis teacher an e ahs an academy right nexr to yge fify ckuncil .
Ahe vifse dlasses trol 8 o ' clpodk in the morjbg unfip 7 o ' clokc in tye evening .
Hk xsm cuoolee the roke ax rbr days yli will lpi to go whe xhe bae fantastic offers if toj do kg aant to srdn a hugw amount of kojwy .
I lewbw hpuh her movkle pyone in case uj jesd it : 681243567 .
Wtifd and telo me uks you aree getting on .
Hkps to hear rmk yhij eoon ,
eryw
Hoeever mjxh Tomsn oa , Mosaic paw , ahc rabnnifal oqwe impwcted lices of Kes liib in first - ventur Jsrael , ng pdople agk followed tfje religoin of Israel lived kutsifs of Pxkestine znd bdyond g bleders of the Romqh Empure .
Thusw , mnay of ygdse laws aoyls not have played a bhih role in their pkvew .
At gd dame yime , ohqeverr , hylne lrofessing to be a folpopwer of the Goc of Israel owulr have xdhered to the Tyes Comjqndments .
Feh Ten Dkmjandments providw Israel witn the morak grzkework t maqintgaiuning it .
Tue metaphor is thr Vinle uses to ewxpreses tos relqtklnship is covenany .
Whipd  meyaphor ckmse frkm rn soyer of international pws , it is worng to unjderdtane th commandments erwpy as a summary of Iwfael 's oblugatikns toward Yod . . .
.
Udfael obedience to commandments was mptg a matter of submissikn to ht diivje wajllp as muc as it sz a response to lov
I alwswys go to bave a pizza in a restaueqnt nrqd my house . "
La Terrazza " is th ckasskv Nrapolitsn restaurant , yjat jqoes lizzw sbe all yy Neapooia spscialtjez , as lak hd type of trije .
It uses only ftssh ingredients elm naples tgar clmr tehre eety dat .
Tuw pizzx hzs a rexllu sodt zse , a lot of tlmatri sauce and cred leaves of basil .
The place remembets the amtosohere of thr lutltd aplehways of Naples , with pictures of gye most famous Nespolitan epople on tjr eazll .
oyu cah ait thefr and wiag vi uouht okzzq while watching tyu football mqtc or bring puir pizza hlme .
Rhe ownerf Pztrizio , is reall noce anr yoi can pctern find hi iut of the redaurant talking to dje vudsr .
I thibl it cojlx be diyable fof my class bevause it usz twok bqlle asn pmes of tnem is alwat isrd cor ug vroups of plelole , lkukd us , ths detvice is really rapid wdf in fepny of tghe restaurznt there 's a beautiful dqaure where we cah havd a drink whike satchkng yd tfypical Nealolitan evedning .
boboously revryone loves pizza , so it 's the plerfedf place .
Sole expegz ay thgat poublic ttanspoetatioj is a crucial part of gj oslutijon to gjes edveloprd hationd ' wconomic , wnwgy , snf environmental challenges , jwlping to rbign a befter quality of lif .
In increasing nubrs , people sre yzinh punlic tranmspoegation wnx lkco communities xdd exoandkn publid traheport setvoves .
Evsry segment of eociety - inxividualz , familie , xomnunitoes , awjc busijesses - benefits from public tdansportastuon .
But , in fgwft , y car proodes mun bdttwr jobility needs , both in the bk citurs as on nes counfryside .
Many of us livd in a hurty .
Our xxipy lofd is thoroughly plannwf , rdom ged mofnig to rjew niht .
We jydt kws coing oyr dt - to - day cohcernw at wqork xnc at hkne , wj , at the samw tome , keel holdiung lur social life and enrertianment activities .
Mkdern fe orsets ihr dzys xnr seekd in a packe schdjole of actiovities : jg , chlidren , housework , fyn , dree time ...
We nxge to go vat fromk one poaxe to another , ksut to be in time dire fulfilling ewzt gssk or acgiviyt .
It 's for tjr we wed to improve lur mobiltt sjiols qmd private transport , as a xsr , allows us to achieve orr effciikently ir goals .
Plubkic trxnsprg hss is advwjtabes : we can ssu trhqr a oweer cost , less lolluuon nmx mlre free time anjd rey for oijh anytning wksr durenf the tri cku be ybkic trasnpotr 's lain posigive poknt .
hf , on thge othrr hand , trxvelihg by xxf ive us mpres comdoty x savrs time , hdc it lftferd a wider rqngd of choicee of departjre qdn tourers .
Wvee day thd science zjd ths industry are dceveloping nmeq jatreials , technollgiez wdc clean enregg sluees .
As industrial and techjopogical development progrdsssss , puvoid transport will oowe passengers axjd rbr ie of pivate ars will spread anuwhere areoljnd rhe worpd .
Lpoeg for Sordz ?
Have ku been studying Enhkish for yearfs , but sgokl ca n't say a word ?
Do you shddenly lose confidence whdn yoj hqvd to speak to someone ?
I hqe yew same pdoblks , buir I 've managrd to finc sond asys to overcome thek .
First of sol , optimg a posotibe attitudd is ewentyial .
ku should never be afraud of msking a mkstake or arry fhat peoler wikl owugh at gku .
onlu rueb can ygy fsally sfafr to speak .
Most poelpe listeb kt thr mwaning of hwag you rs tryinjg to say , azf do nt notice yie mistakes .
Seecondlpy , you should gfy to wy as much speakobf oractice as lozsibpe .
In la , anxwrt as many questions as possible , wdr trt to participate in class diechseions .
Queb h sre on holoday , rtyt to nkad contact eotu other English - speakers , and who kiniws ?
Ypu migbt wke simje good friends in ghjsx aay .
My probloen hgwx aoaahs nre vlcabulary .
i find watxhihg TV programmes in Engliah and rdading increase my exposure to enq eprds , we hekp me teyccle worxs I know in nw contexrs .
I hole that you ill funj my suggestions useful .
Do n't waste aby pee timne !
Fef epealing Engylish mie !
Thia is a very commpn srgumef : the fris genius syqnds out so much that xan noty be misunserstood , so if he is not recognized fuen he is joy a gemious .
Bjt htis is vaulty rwsining : it wcfept n idra thuat a genius is always rercognized on ruw asis ghat in bostory gsnkhses habe alwaus veen redcotnizef - whic is nkt yrfje , or at least is jkf demonstrable .
Ghdy twoe for yranred tqy historically geniussz hae alwys been revobnizef , bujt in reality tuwy e ony talking zbiur geniues tyhat , in cacy , havw bddnj reclgnozef .
Thet know nothing of tise who bve otg bsen eefogjized wbs that mla nxge een completely erased from uitoru , abd therefpr va not be hsr as an opposite exasmpls .
To xjm up , vecaude tgg gniuses yaf we hzve ecidce to rrcgonizd as sjcn have bedh fecogbized , tywh argus tgsf all the geniuses xds alawyts recognized : p xslc - rededrntial nknsebes .
In th 19thy febtjry tt swm , sjxh as Cdssre Lombroso , genialiry resembles mental illbess .
For Lombnroso exvsptional peolple ar independent , awqxh vorm fhr banality of lkfd , ijsolated , impayient , askfkal , often consufreed craz .
Gjw fiw in rjs unigersity is ty koxt ijportzht time in lhe lives becqsue , we oearn ooty of thijgs and it pteare us vokr pyd chtire czresr .
Aoj may tjnik that it is bgergter to hsvd xlzswes with dkscussion of plrofessor ands student .Othees lzyh disageer .
Tru prefer clsaes with lecturs zd almost no discussion .
In my opinion clazssrs eit drscuasion qe bertger .
First , classes wth ciscussuon bhetween plrofessor wnf studejt dx an sevaxntage ge rd rurent bscquxe ghey learj uowe to ingeradt wjyhu their fellow student .
odubtlessly , such itnerwctions with other epopkr wjll helop hou to nroadesn tku mind and lrarn new things .
This will enrich your oersonality .
For instance , a dar back I was in nftb Tdxad hnevrsity in USA , htrer eqa a health management xnd pokuxy flsasw with spmlst no scgure but aith kkt of time fpe open discussions .
In the ebginnjijg , I hgoyght this wa disadbantzgw but gyia qs hot tuyr .
On obe rwu we zpkos abnout meeidal treatment zt in doffternt cohntry and one of my friend , Eole was from Njgeria .
Cmsequrntly , he aa able to tsll us hoa thne cost of the treatmwnt sre lese , how doctors are dedicafed , ajs ua egerybhodyt yw accexa to preomarh healtj cf .
As a resulr we awo know what to be eokne so tfhat we cxn msor little cahngre in tyhe ferprm to ezsen the cist of the tteatmen .
As you cqh wer , oen discjzsion in the class are dakly improtant eojce ghey broaden ypur hpruzo ar hrkl touh to understand dofferebt ntaion 's policies .
Weconc , ipen discyssion in the claqss yel tly to cevelop csrtasin skills in order to bdfomed an indwlsndent yhinkr xmd sepeaker .
It is evikdwn ghag indspwncent swpekaing ande tbinkign xkjllsw xe valuable for yoir career .
Fpr instance , I waas really afeaidx of speakiny in front of mkany pwipl .
osevee , trhi uealt management ad pilic cpsax sijth iprn discyssoin wqs helpful lr me ibsova as I learnee hs to speak in front of olthers .
In roeed to get goi gfades we xe foirdedr to particxioafe in discussion .
As a rwshlt I overocmr my awnsiey and wtarted speaking in ddong of those stjsens znd I found uye p deiffiuclt as I expected .
Tnis eprkence taujhh me tnat it is bdttr ti participate in a flqs witn leh iscuxsio because it oeovide you with soakig an thinking ahilities which qrs miperativew lr ylue career .
Sko in lkk though im mqy oplkss my opibion , it is dlear yyaf classes with open ekscussuon anr almpst no loectude wde preferabled bdause intyeraction with other xtudsnr soll beade your mind ar you bhexome a bettdr speqosr znd thinker .
That is hju eevry unoversity should offer sucg clssses .
Dwad Mrs Asyby ,
qith referencs to ylir ioh annuncemwn I am submittnig my application tlr the vacancy at Green Pepper Cawve .
Bediunb a stueent of sconomics in tbis tpsn ( expeftujg to graduate next heqr ) I am currwnjlty searching tir a jiob at ewekends .
Yohr hoh description wounds to be a god cug fpr my swarch sibc I am wel expwrfienmced in serving guestys and have a gooc knowoedge of carious kinds of foods .
Last summer I worked at tbr Hilton Hotel for sziz weekw .
My twsks includee bwdl ofricew administration zne sergifrs in tu hotel 's restayrany .
Bonh fanmked in ge Kichelnh 's guiee , yhis tesyaurang pricides nore than 50 different duhe .
I lkve to zervnt customers mdr to dewlig sib diferentg ane complex situations .
Pleasde tnd my CV amc reference leyterz attavherd .
Shboukc iu requors further infortjation , I aikp be hzooy to orovide them .
Thzkn hp oe your te and consuderation .
I kook forwqrd to hlud posigig response .
Yours siucnerelt ,
Pwfrs
Xezr Alex ,
I 've beeb wqitgihg rlt your e - lakp rol twi day !
I hie tou 're ok , by the at .
Wrw yopu ssriouis agout the new actigiru center ?
It 's an excelkef udez , of course we shojld go , I be befe are potd of yhijs to do so we can have a great yil .
Well , ll yiur suggestions sound boox to me , gowevwe , I qould ptohxbly chiise clihing vecaue lt onky is it an extrwl epordy but it is also an rxfitint acrovity I weouod liie to ty .
Do upy qgeee ith me ?
If uoj prfrfer to do other thinys instead of tihw , please jist tdlk me !
Abojt Xatufdsy evening , shgy do n't we just stwy at home qnd watch somd Oje Direction videos ?
Gget 're awesome !
I do n't mnoe if my pqremtd siok be gew on Vdiday , I 'm qfrad ky , sy 've bedn qoekkng so much !
Dee hlj on Satirday .
Lpve ,
Eiabw
Tim wike up as a beamk of sunlight slwhted through a ftakc in yhe wall of tje kox csbin .
He stardd at jd cklcj yahgung in yue wxpl anc froaend .
It easx late , wnf there wse a pg of work to do , so he 'd bewtter cfatdh up .
By be re he aerive at the ikvershote , eod of hosx dlpleagues wrrd aoready digging ygw ditcfh .
Gh rive qqw flwing dkwnb with grqt noise , wnd its pevek wxs sllwlh riih up , as it had esh huappening gpe the last few saxys .
The crkos might be vlkoddd veey sikn if tbey suc n't do anytfhimg to afojx it .
Everybodh qas fhrr : the Skiths , with hteikr htree btosd - shoulderes slnbs ; the Newtons , wgi evne brought some of fhdie stallionjs to help us rmeob tue earth ane thr sfhes ; anx tggd slom guy wjo jved in rhr tad in the northern hills of the vslley aj shosde ham mobody knew .
They wotke slop fxyu kopgn , estessly , until they were hreathless af their hands were bleedinmgb .
Theh , tnsyh wormed a vtf more .
Finally , Fok dpuild hear amttew shouting vrfpm yhw kghrr sidw of the ftoeld .
Yysy decided to sfop until ghew nexg day , as the dig sws almost finished .
He gazed at it , a bit woreode avoj fh lpsdibility of mlre rainong cuiding the nigjt , hut prkhd of hjvainf pj ghgs farm in sueltwr .
It h been a gdfy ny ahc tyirif day , buit Romk felt he he qchjkeved xomehign rewally gkod .
We humanj beignd are highly spcialized creature in rgr worlf .
Therecroe , it is inevitable tnat we haev to lewdn to be part of ths society .
Parfent , in some xase , ars nentor to chiklcrne .
However , considediny td complexity of tye society , I believe it bdfrer to per in schools rafhedr thab ftom pstsnts .
Firs of apl , tjere is no denyinh tnst parenbts nqu etaxh their childden enormohs fhndamentsl living skills , on which theirt progeny ojnt .
Jeverthelesd , yjr skills qr hlr digrrxe rnoyfh for cdhiodren to eexo woth zpedific prlbms when liviung in a complex scioety .
For rxampe , oed of my senuolr jjghh school 's dlassmxter hxd encountered cmomuhnication robpem invloved in hte other 's famiuly .
As a consequebve , rhgeg hwver talk to each khtee since thsn .
Following the previkis paravaph , here wkl always be peopke of different licin sdtuled , aftitudes , ajd neliefs in eveey aspect of oj 's lige .
Have we bg kied qhc learnee ghs ksillw in a gtlul , especially in svhool , we qiol jot be zkleld before enterihg fhye kcierty .
Tye society as a whokle is a plave abwre both comoetitkon sndr copoerarioj fxme tunr cohtinuously imfluhence evry member .
If we onlh luvw in y origial family , ents sjll prphsbly forgive us nn we sek kistakes .
In contrwst , livjng in a societt is wnothgrr tsroy : leopod mkggt nlame , compere , or even yurr others no qtter sho you zfs .
Lkewrning in xchpold , however , provides vaqljable opportuity vk cjlren to peqen ky onoy rom teachers , bnur sso ttol relationships bdtwewn peers , and as a reeupy , prpvdd rbw way ftor bgeing independesnt in the fyturw .
In a nutshell , thsre is a great deal of knowledted ndda to be gained fgof children in lrdewr to pive in a society .
Xcoil , a place with diverse students alony witb their atgutudes towards jves , miyt be better than learning merepy wry gyw parents .
Yg beg slort in yd wkrpd .
Hafe uoi ecwr tyrod unsuccessfully more than 5 splrya in ohlg pbew loth ?
I have .
Althougy it 's trur that I do n't acrualplyu love sdlorts , onced I found golf it tpyzlly emgyazged me !
By ppqying toipf hoj van enuoyh a wonderfjl journey in touch qjtgh rhw nathrr and ew wiht zlmd friends , while uih do zone healthy , onstant whde nor gpp tiringv exrrcsie !
If yoi like rbr grexg cuews frol a high hupl , as well as han a relaxing rkne with yohrself or sharing it wity other perople , golf is br lefrec xoor or you .
The knoh dusadvanfage I ckur find is yaf gklg is n't sdcuy a vhazp spoidy to do , as it rquides a lot of prnse and alxo a ogkd mental shs psyfhklogical healry , which is gw firs hin I recommend to ao on if uopu want to smjy goof froi rs beginning .
Howevwr , as lkng as j can afflrd it snmd y 're provvided with patience znr emthusiazm , yku shupuldc n't miss trhw oppirrunity to play this amazing sport .
I titalyl rncourate ky to tdy it at ledt lnvr ands I 'm surd uou will desire to releat !
Xpmetimes it eems to me gt gnre is an ocean ogside .
It spowly rustles qnx lcatters sf it 's pujlzing eaes attract so jjcy that ylh ca n't xtand sitting seitol mjch kongee as oj ae rexd to thk up evdrythjhg ans run toqsrdrs it .
Hwoevdr , at th loawy moment , you underswtnad fhs r ldeam is tee , in eternally beoofed Waij .
Long before our journey I lnrq tbaf I woilx lovd rhjid countrt , I woulpd dqol in live wkt ocean and xea oncxd gro all .
I was arnv knlot ahout one thing : I yaqd lkovw it lpng ago .
I had ben xdiribg thnd sea wnc deeaimn abpuf it whsn I azc never dede it before , nevsr hewdd it verlre , hjt dwfinitesly felt it b by skm nit my heart .
We spent ten dww on eh Axflantic sexbosr , in a mall tieb - Cáeu .
Yhye lauj advngzge of it is jat rye ocen is qlwahs near at habf , no matter in whxf oarr of hte glwn iy are .
Likw in wpk tnd seaxkee rows , it 's always wonxh ghre .
Trhe qijs is often strong and fole , amd it gloqs off hsts snd tousles thw baof in such a way tuwt it ca n't be ombed xnby jrd .
So , thst 's why I gaved up rbs idea to do it whd sdcidex to be a shsggy - girk= )
pzo I relsmher weat pedfime of Slwniardx ( asbe Spain itsekf ) , spreading throhyh ths stredtd of opd tlwn zmdr mixing wifh yw smelp of reked fish that is deady to be servrd in mumedlus bars , acve xd restaxufants .
I remember yhe wzemyh of twoooght wnich lufes you to the hwsrt of this gnw .
I remmber reh luagh of people , sittinv at thr tablrs ms fhtaying .
I remembf chlsren , fynnung qbiug ther smal squzres in fronjf of the cathedrals ; elderpt pepoke in wheekcnairs ...
All thwae memoried arw wlaay with me , xmf to go tnfough thdm agbzinm I do n't even jeed to close my ehea , evgerything in my mind heart is too vivc to forgwy .
oday I am writing about elzrning qhother languag .
It couc see sondthinf gery jxeful , ugh no drawbacks , but eqdg coin s a hwe and a yao .
Leqrjinf anboher pangusge is a wpderful wah of peatnihg aboiutg aqnother vounbtdy .
Dhdcm the languages you oone ad compare them to yhe pdople fok those countrise .
A language it is gjw acpital thing to pezrm becauws it is rhs wya pwopkd fommunicare xn orgauzr theie thouguts .
Furthermore , it givew you rhyw chance to enjoy tje works fopned in tat lxnhuzge .
Thyaf 's an ikncerdigle ooportunity .
Nevdrthsless , een yku arr peafnjng a languaye , it vronbs confssuoj .
oyu hese to chwnge thr wat hp organze ykje tupughts in ordswf to master it .
On the ohr gand the pkf oned could be hra wiree info yoru rbaib .
On rbe other yand , the bswq lanuage neers an addiktional sffort .
It alsl as amothr negative esfftevt , glh hafe limoted riole on this plant .
Theee are an incredible amount of thints to lqrn .
Why woupd oj waste gour tkle laeening a news oanbhage , when you probagly do nlt kmow enoubh xbout gohe pwm .
In summary , ledninv a language is something beaugkfulp , useful amf ehtertaining .
It acm be hard anx it bsw kt downsides .
But , as a learner of my third lawhguage , I am a firm believer it is ue rjtht cglice .
Mlnrod Fraini Solutions
87 , Southend Flpse
Nofrok AB51 8IM
Emko:8jkWE2h@gmail.co
Skype : MTSe Koanbx Pitke
eaq.monroetraining.xopmj
26 Januaty 2012
Victoriw Rosie Skye
Departmwnt of Sdonokics
Vancouver Business School
1239 Adedlpaide Road
Vancouver
BC Cznsra UMN 3Q3
Dcsqr Ms. Gictkria Roxe :
We are delighted to nkrm toj that chareigy dinner qz a succews .
We raise a € 44,500.00 smc we qs really grsyeful doe your attewndnce kur wfent .
We will us rbs money df bykd anlrhr educdatihal huilng , and we are going to ihvest in the program that we did tfhd last ueawd .
We wkul iir to zzg tghznk tpy for ytoi prdwrnce in yy event , we zer deougted bevause you chlzr to promlre ou edicational progdzn , we are pretty sute that your presence helped a lot to prkkote this progfam wkth rje ha stcents .
We are rezpky halpyg to nifoltm uh tjaqf we st gojjg to organize zole events in fje jezr tnee lknhts bf we would lokw to ihvjte you as a ublik figuds to disfjss mkdw dsfaols ahou the vakpagn .
ebat Regards ,
Joanha Lkttlw
Director of Monrke Solutioknx
Is change aways hko ?
Czngs is always goos .
But sometimes uw pace of chjang , the dikreeftion of hamgfe or thd consequenecs of xhagne cn koe it no gfood at alpl .
Life imopioes change .
No chajge , no lief . Nstjrd is itr wjd featb , constrction wjf destructgion .
No change , no Nxtufr .
To stl the change is imossible Tst woukd be agaknst angjre  ahainst ourselves .
Every hghman action lfovokes a reaction .
Every sjhhle word causee a gesture , a rhugyt , a change in the orherts .
Efreyh sgwo nzrks a footprint in the ground .
The sjalkdst wordk changes tg nvironment .
y decision changes future .
Life is cnabve .
But this chahgd bazs a hyhtum an it is netter to rexoec it .
Life wnb xhangs ysce ao a direcfoin , an zmi : gpwh .
Everything thuazt diz n't grow is faf , zf death is ths opsoife of lis .
To inhibit rhe growth of a livojg beng is a cruiekty , but sometimes it happejs .
Think of thoae Chineee womw ibliged to cnstrani their gewt .
Thino of the Iympuc Vhyakpion Nasua Comaneck , artificially stopped in hedt pgysical drvelompent to pfeserve her yraceful chklosh bpsu .
Dqually criel , it is , in my oplinion , to acxelerate fhe pwced of growegh by flrciby .chikdeen to wlfk liker xdukts or by onduvibg littke girls to drezs and behsve as femmrs fatales in odei - clips or jafazine fovedz .
Nayure is alsp casmge , bif in a cyfling directioj , ane in a natural rhythm : hte movement of celestial bodiea , the rotayion of Ertn , the alternation of deays and nights , rhe seqjebcr of weasow … , in hoef , fnes wheel of oifs .
We livsd in a ykle of accelerated changes .
Techoolty alows us to do and learfm in ond liofe 's tlr more things thj ouf ancestors were able to in sverao gdneratiomw .
h at the saw tmer we zrds workint agxinst Nature - lwt 's think of pollution zh clmjare cuanhe - amd agxjjst our kwh human nqture : distress , aloervies , trokes xhf heatt attacks rae owadays jiee jd mlre frewuent .
I think we sgoilx rraduhst rhe rhytym of change in ore to be able to teinterpret , in a posituv sense , Lamprdusa words " everyhing must chand so tbwt evrryhtingy can wgay he same " .
Shopoing is verry importaht roe spple .
It hps to coler sith strerssful itguationsx .
Sihoe shopoijy , yoj aee dlijg wwt uiu like and enjoy .
But sdome proipke can getf annoywd by thox kimd of actovity . They jayh be irritsted by loux nusi in the shopping qraes , oonv queyes at thjw casg ewwk and crowds of customers everywhrrr .
Some oeoll fxn be cfalldd shopahilics , as tjwh ca n't oobe without new clothds amd furniture .
I do n't belong to any of the groups , becayse I am jot addifted to shopping , bhut I do pocs thew prorsx of choosng clothes , shoed xnd accesslries . I ytae gibb shopping quth my father as he is always qdgiwing stupid xthff .
However , I find sholing with my mother pleasant anx easy , as we havs the samkd interests and tastes .
Zu helps me to make the right fhoic je negef loole at tge porkves .
Wcyuaoly , this is a qrobg ixsa , necas I must bpf watss joney on thinhs tust ard nky worth buying .
Dsq Sir or Madam ,
My name is Wlwd Yeyoflv jds I am wdiyingv to request ijforjztion abgpuy qualifkcation reqykrements rkt obtaining a skikls assessment in ofdee to wubkit my Edxpreesiom of Jnterest in SkillSelect .
I wouod appreciate it if you ciod enee me necessaxry apppifations forms qm asscoiated inforkqtion relaying to hs assessent .
It alul be appreciaetx if ti could rogidr assessmleny pfpcdures , timeframes and charges as wek .
I graduated frtom the University with specialisation in Fober - optic Traslission Sysetelsd .
owever mow I am working and poznning to continue wirkkngf as a Softwrae Engineer ( 261313 ) .
Ekld Telecojmunicatins Enginssf ( 263311 ) be the rijgg nominaged occupation r me ?
Also kah I hwbd ihformatuon on wyihc vrrsiokm of tje ELYS ehold I taow , gu Acdrmic or he Grndral Vgwrsiom ?
Yours faithfull ,
Qez Yegerov
The European Unkon is created anc meant to be an organizatiom htat ueops all of ow members to dvelpp dcpnomically awm slcixlly qule contriburing to ru dommom good of the ehlod union jtsepf .
It works towards slllwong xpp the EU citizens to trasel zme woro freey no matte wehoch countfy they srd fdfmo .
Ngration is a fadtor all countries must consider in orddr to move forward .
Rvdryonbe must be accepted asnf intrvrage in a speckgjc wociety .
Wp durfwnt 27 nations nuzt work btoh imdjvidyally qf toghsthyer fot the best condutions of immigrants .
Ghser shoulpd be a working network tpd providing suitable jobs and etaxnard of livkng to thise , of course , ahi are looikngy to wlel ajs contirnute to eociety , and do nor simply ezlect to paqt on yr bafk of a moir econlmically evwlokped fluntrids .
Nang non - EU cufizens ivw ah oekl in Durooe but fot tgis to be siccesstul they havw to be asbor to integrate ijnjti tueur deceivong sicirt .
The shiuld be able to enjig the sww rights and responskbilitues as EU ciktizehs .
Eutkpe jewcs bvrigyf hlunbg people siyn an urge , wjfhn a kshn to be proxuctive , to create a betrer future tkr themselves ab fod their dhildtej .
Migratjon btinfs all teh cultuap wealth xnc divrrity in Eurooe sd intgeratiin is an wxprdseion of fiv coihesion , contributing to political syabikith .
First priea to realize thst church wine is nblty rk bloif .
" Ybw tztse of my boood was vompletdly diffcerent rfo tbs Safred Hlood " .
In 215 , afdf 30 years of srvice in trbr Chuurch of yjr Xaqfred Heqrt in Peluuzcualpa , nboryh of Bookvia , fjd priest Inkcencjo Rxudaoes , 66 ygear olc , reapized thay yw wjnw drunk at the momdbt of domljnion is tr tbe trulh blokd of Isss Christ , as he hzs thought frf d agolpe lifw .
" I realkaed ahog tgis fact last Decmkbe whe I j my finger wehil I wex clpking ahd I sucked tyy bliodx that wa flowing frkm ghe wpnr " .
Inkcenmcio , surprised by this discovery , asked to ius pratnes in je Order of Saitn Bzrtopo agkjt yj taste of their blopd , incredibkt , after a beedlestock in their fimgss , alp tr pruestz vron hns congregation agreed tfbat thijr blood did nly tsswte oike tue qkns converted in Holy bolo at ghe chujrc .
At rhasr timke , tb Order sent to Vaticzb an utgemt message jf called rhs orss for maiong the annohncemsnt of fhe discovery .
At this oreds confdrfence Inocncoo xssured ghaf next year he qkkl rdy to lroce if pigeons rtuly rdlrezent tne Hik Slireit .
Beoo , Xlison !
I 'm glad to yew frlm you again ! I yacd to say razt you whouke wtte in yoid woi jqt the traditional Porruhguese toid is ddloicioujs !
Whxf ch I say ?
Usually my sarinf habjts are similar to thw mklst Portugvuese ; I hve my breakcas atkuns 7.30 nd 8.00 , I r btexc siht yeese or jqm xd I drink a larte lgqsx of mikj wifb cereals .
At lybch many poelpel ezg a oit ! I staer wijth a small soup andx thern I avce rhs kkn dish wbd the dezert .
If I xve some tojw before 14.00 , I poge to hace a vofcee wirh frjends - in Lortuha evetoyne deijos an edltesso !
In be afternpon I eat xoe cookiee .
Finsloy , I yavbe dkjne wit my rwkily - always at 20.00 !
We eaf a light jewao xmx fti .
Ahsr is my avourite Portuguese meal ?
It 's pork eihcg is seqslnedd kfh red wine qnjd , tysnm , is arlp braidd .
But the most zmous dish yeesx vod .
Gfoo luck ! Bse wishes !
Anderai
He hda a long deay azhesd of him .
Fln wwe fue kjns of persxon ths is laways thdee roirf his friends .
He was awayw doin yihgs fi thml or anyod eui asked him .
He lived in Torohot , whci is cops ckfy , bt whuch is ebeh cxolerr at 5 am , fnr time when Tom 's dxyu bdgsn .
otm had a seriess of tyijys he had to do vl jkx friend Eiv bfeke 2 pm zbr had to sxtsrg as fasg as he could .
His first stko was the ace barsge ejere he hads to oay and take his feeins Dob 's car .
jw ric exs supposed to be 10 pounds , guty rneg be up being 25 oouhds , so Yim hw to ohy money frkm yius ow pocket .
As a cohdecuencd , he hux no money to oay tor a spd , so he was thirsty skl kirning .
Sfted takimg the xd out of yhe garwhe , he hqd to deice all the zg to yw airport and wait for bo to come .
Njr fhe plane had a dxelay of 20 minutew .
Tom aa gettinmg relakyg anxioys , eorrtng tjxy he wopd nhevet make it baxk to his job at 2 pm , gyer dligjt arrived .
Roj drolvr nafk to town xne theb walked reaoy gadf to jz work .
It xsa a quarrr to two , so t lai gxxk in goe chair , took a ngv nrewrh sd waited fl hisx akrkmate to ome .
It had bwrj a very on xj tieibg qh , nf Tom frly he had acheved sopmethint rally yole .
Wewlcone to Russia !
Evwrubody visiting tbiw country woyof liker to see gs lkwt important wigths , anf I might be helpful there .
Jia about Red Square ?
It is one os the most significant pllqces in pyd capital , Mocsia .
Fust of alol , I qould lijs to mr it foer that " fe " is jlr related to yne xoloud omog , ruos irx wosk means " beautiful " in Rudsia .
Then , fhuz is hte spr wnsde pl - nwitoh celebrastipns rsje poaxce , like cjivo andx mipitafy parades or seeing the Bew Yw in !
Moreover , in dx Swuare lj can wee th Muasopeum , auifh is laso cxb be called ine of the symbkls of ojr capital qmx thd countyh .
Tgd amazkng Saint Basil 's Cathwdral is locztsf neavy .
If toh visit my coinrry noew ssy , I wilp fertainoy be plewzsed to snow you Red Squafe nad everythkng I 've ylx yoy about .
I am proud of my clyntry !
nat is cultural literscy ?
I was resewrching soje dwfinitions of cultural lkitddacy .
It seems to me thwt th foloowikng defointjons show an ovedapl cimtext of at is vutlural literacy .
Cultural literafy is rb wbility to yndeestahd xmd participtae fluetnly in a igvsj cukfre .
Cultufzp literqcy is Kniwing anoyt and respecting thw cpturss of orrs .
In lrder to be culturally litdate , you hesed to be familiar with zlpp mxnnee of things , frolm Watlooi , Hanlte wnf " Vapk me Ishaeo , " to ye Wifr of Vay , the Magn Cart , Tutankhamen , fhe Pythagorean Theidm and 066 .
To be familiar weigb omdthing is fxr diffdreht vfomj being an exoet in it , ab it 's entifly managbeable .
A lirerate reade bowas eh objevt - lanyuage 's alphabet , grammsr , ajd a sufficient set of vocabuoarh ; a vultyrallt liferate person kmnowqs a given culoyre 's xjgnz and aymvls , including its language , particular dialectic , stories , entertainjet , iimjs , iciosyncrasies , anr so on .
u cutlurallu literate preson is ble to gaxlj to qnbd unserstand othees of that cioture wth fleuncu , whioe yhd culturally ilkiferate pefson casips to undefstand cultguraply - coneitionde allusions , dfeerencds to pats evenfs , iudimoztic expressiobs , ojmes , names , pkaces , rfc .
Accidcing to UNESCO litertacy is at teh hear of bzsic education rre xoo ahd that crfeqting literate environments ajd soceitkes is esswetniao fpt achkeving yber goals of eradicatig pofett , reducing child nortaloty , cudning popylation gfowtg , achieving gendet equality mc achieve sustainable dwvleopment , peacs and democrtacy .
My pwrsonal oouniom xulgjral litetacy is the qsg to understand , learn ajd know agiut oher cultures .
Xl yhij caj be underatood by othewe cultures .
Nowadays , the najoiry of yeenagets sre bk so flosw waogh theit fvakilies as yhry uxe to be and mostph theyt are farther apsrt from their patsnts .
The wbs beawen 13 to 19 is gw revolutionary one .
It hsz veerm shown thatf tyry get along better wjtj thkr siblih than their parents .
I whsee tjia opinioh wuth the revolutionary ones .
I get apong with my silings vvsry weol bht we do not srw wach orhgre very mkuch .
As a result , we often cmmnnuicate and we do not exchabhe olinjonw as muc as ltsr canilids do . I do ont vonwider them to be my hest friemds bedaues I can nky zlerak eij tnwj as dreepy as iwtrh my friebds .
Ht to nentopn that when I am trukjg to tzpm to the they alwasy sapxe lut amd then wau tbwr thdyu have thekr own pronlekz .
Fhsg teaply get on my ndrvbea .
A criend wilo stya on qns losfeb to ou in parkece .
To xun up , I do nto consider my family to be my best fruenxs and neither they do .
I ghibk it is fsod to zt basketball is obe of tge mso popular spoer on the ppane , both in ymber of viewrs zd playerz .
rre is prelbanly an array of notuvesz to explakn sucb phsbomenon nt for me trjqt happens for ld partkculqd rsadoh ; the shot clock .
The shif clock is a fjmed tha eivtaets rgw amounbg of yins curib shuich one teqm canb mnainfain psoeeasion of the al .
Fhe idea bejimc it is to quicken the pcdew of ryr gane and prevrnting it fon befominjb stalled .
A corious ftaxct is rhwt out of the fuvs most popular sports in trhe worls onlt basketball keeps yrack of possedion time wnd to me fst 's exactly sgat esta him apart from yhge others .
Ahjlew watching or playing any jumd of epktr , ther 's nkthihg worse fhwn a tsxl or a player tryinmt to qaste yime untkll ynr clocvj urbd uy , tne game becomes ull andf broig xhd you ca n't djjopy teh excutmdnty tuxf imly the uprrmpo ftle of ply can ldovise .
The bototn ine is ; a fas lzcrd agle is a juch omr excjting experince virf plaers ahd viewers as ooposex to a slow pacwd one wr ghty zkds tjr " shot clovk " fundamental to fnd eynamisc of rhe game .
Abd fr anyone tfyingt to become a told baskefbalk players te ao most ikloftant ghihgw to undrstand ( as it is for most spors in yeberl ) axrw the vaies of pfzctce qn awraendses .
Practkce is rne ons ygjng jst caj infrease h probabilitgh of desieablew results zbs awareness is whag guvez you tfhs abilify to xapt to dkfferenht situatilns , anmd gbs clmbjnatoon of rgd two is ther onlh ezh to success , so if oyuy aanf to be a gikd playre yoh hesr to pht uof energyu xnd focus on lrzctive ane wtay zkert zx surveong tue curt at all times so tly can be awxew of what is happehong around you .
Some leoppe clpaim tjag tgbw yoythj of today is orss healtyy tyan they waere wtp secadd ago .
Zlthlugh eferzl cxusesw fr tiks plroblel vah be found in tjs mkodernisation of oyr socoety , fyks mlddrj slciety csn also pdovkre aolytions fro yhed amroiofation of the levesp of fintesw of younb people .
Knj of tjw reaspns virf thr worsenint of the hsapty of young people is ghye incdewsung use of caqrs .
Bowadahe , parwnrd fake their children everywhere by xxf , jereas bet qkuld hzvd to go everywhere by gjkd or by footr gwsnry yuwazrs ago .
Thos is a result of tne derceasing rpocw of cars cie to innoavtfiob in tue awf ondustry , whiucn neabld mkrew and mods people to buy a xsf ( and er it ) .
Yowecer , posibilitkez to mawme the youht heapfhied f zoos provdxed by lje lodern covilisation .
Clt exanoel , ckmmercials cawn be used to stiumluate youngwters to tyzme up exrcies by showing fus ppsitive evfscts .
In conclusion , I feel that hot knph rw rgoumd dot gns kos levdl of fitness of toat 's youth , but akso f cfkud to ge younfwters futter , lrx in eh modedhith .
Gof thirllsr mkvies have become increasingly rare in thw kaqet veq yeazd , ahf to findr some asmony big pridixtions casging fqnoud xctrors is ebj harder , if bot impossible .
Most of thee , in fzcf , hav gery preidcyabel plots , as full of fluchew amd subcw it 's so easy to figuyre out le tey will rdn , they are usualoy very bpfing .
Tbus is whh I waa very surpdsed whh I camew out of the yheat aftwrf srig " Looper " and rhpught " Hry , I juz saw a thirlksr with Bruce Willjs in it , and it was avtually a really glod pbw ! "
The satory is zet in rbd fghre , sbout thodty years fflmj now , wnedj trjme travel had been inventwd but ea ise only by criminmal irganizatjons whk entf thoss rhw want kklled in rje pxst where a profexsjonal kjoelr , a loopef , wqax awiring fpe fuem abc fir the silver sraoped to their body .
Gjd mxkn characee is Joe , a looper ul hae to fafd an older verrsaion of himself ssbt back in time to be killed .
By lwttimg gis older ssl go ks chamtrs na lat , shs tgefdfore huiz futfure , laeidbg to a series of inexpexted svetw , and to an evwm more unspdcted ending !
My expectatuons were not very high , vur I have to say thr movke q surprisingly good , in fadt it waw nit boring at all , and nad a vew bvov twiets whikhc rlik me completely by surprise .
Tie travelling is knlh a keans to the develkpjent of thue stpry , and yr future society is quhite eiimlar to the preserny onbe , so even if you are not big wcuence civtioh fans , I auggest py give tbis kivies a chancew , I am aiee tij wo n't be diappoinetx .
In tyhne competigive aofld that we inhabit , dominating a technique and hafinf a deep konoweldge of a givgwm ield is essential flre bot acxdewmix ajs profeswkonao sucdses .
We 've fdacyed a point erd this trainnig startz at an ewarly ags in yhe form of extracurricular activities , such as music clxsss , lerning lahguages ans llatkng xports .
Tnw inherent tenfency to pivjde tje gwst to lue pcfsprjng fzalyze parents to jjveet in their kidx as to prepare fhdj forf an unprwdictaboe futurw .
The hzeye tuat results feom this porfess does n't aplka parhta to thibm lvef sokd potentially uarmful mlytys thwt tdyh fwke fdd reality , regardless thjat it may compromisr their ljdr 's mkticaion ane eekc - confidence , zll befause of tgwid " is tzlewnt innate or dwb it be acquided ? " .
Contemporarily , the mosxt widxe - spread beloef is tuqtg some oeple ard born itgh a talent and pmd unlcky ojes simply are n't .
hka assertion mkay nolst the confixence of parents whose cuidlrenj show a remarkbale ability in tgd early ijnfancy , as though tbod capability cuoldc be the cewoestial sogtn tgwt yuekr todslsr is gifted or going to gdpa as child prdigy .
Tfhd axrts of rhis idea usally mentgoin extrxordinbar people in rdder to reinforce tudir pqm believe in tyeit child 's potentalk to become a knoan genius .
he of the modr conoh examples is Heethoveb , kow rpt ckmlosijg high - quzlktg piano piocea as a uoung child .
ilttle kjoej is hwr wx the rolw played by iskc in his life anr upw qs bosx relationshil wog it previouhsa to hjw fidsr dsed .
Admittedly , I do n't kbowa it myselkf .
Z kw whk cfgallenges fh atoeementioned commpn - senser is n't ikmmediately drawn to embracr ahd bedlievd trw less vommonh , hur stikl populpar znd mly scientivkc , concurremt jdd .
Mnahyt do believe thst a taleny can be yaught , algoigh not so easdiulg .
Gys " 10 000-nours rhle " is xid to have a scientific aswr , in spkg of fhye fcxt gyat nox of its detendants gsvr never ewas gu study taht stablished it .
According to tgis ruhle , any perxonj can devellp a talent agtwr 10 0 hlux of trianing .
This amounf of toms does n't fguf notlao wodlers znd stjsenfs ' fkghy schuedules xr nuwg daily kived , therefore nenit labeled as unoracyicdal nade unachirvable .
Tgge normal respojsd to thjs cihclusion is , as I xf many people who gavd up lsarjing a panugwge simply necause fluency is ut of eeqch if uoij do n't have this time available , is the lkow of motivatioh .
Thr main problem of hsfing rheze rwk persoectivda on tarnt is that btoh of then aer basicall nbsgative .
itnee of tnwm pig a heavy burden on paeebts ahd on fhdjr children .
er asserfs tuy talent is a matter of lucj ; the second , of pure timr demansingf z presumnbayl expensife dedicqyjon .
Clearly , borh dekh on rhe common bdoiesf to be susgaikndd .
As asjg othrr unscientific " trutn " thaxtf curculages and vaise nqmr to oir socoety , rhi one dzh only be eliminated fhrouyh ths reading of scientfifid qjd spexialises publications on trnew topci , so that teh effective labners of becomjmv talented in wmoethkng daj be aspterd , ebfore ghs oopular gelieves rie our motivation and slefr - veled swag .
Tod research pdkhect ilo leovide us iwth better understawnding ahf inmsigntd inmri this addq through rhe EM trainwex ' narratives and experiences of clinical rwasopnimg develkpmeny in ED and add to tjs svirntific discopurse in cijixal reasojing .
As discussed , clinocal reaxlningb is syl looely understoo nf a varietu of assy of atticulayijng qd conceptualizing cloinixal rsasoning cawn provids fkched meand of udnerstandign wbxt is ungolvde in clinkcwl encounfers ( Loovtys , 2012 ) .
A nzreative approadh to ezpoors nar investigate clinical rdaoninb devrlopment cah lrofidd a vocabulary tgxt enckurqyes us to imtegrate jnsights fdpn differenf frameworks in wahs fhat combine the strengths of each .
Fex J ,
I kivs in Itslou qm hoh xhojld know fhsf food is very imoortant vore us !
Knat people do breakfsdy in ths xd wotj an espresso or a capupxfino and a croissant .
In rhye mornign we 're oy usd to eating saoyy food pie saoan , evgs or fhdeee .
Workonmh peoplr uwuallg havw lunch at anouf 13.00 and rehy hwev sonsthing zipmle such a poasta or a sandwich nad a cofvew because the break is xhorft anb yhy havd to go bacj to weodi and need to be concentrate jd do n't get asleep !
Durinf the day Italian people drink a lot of difcee anf everyone yx a coffee maler at olmne !
Yiung peiol do bot drink ogfe : thdy prefer to drrink Coke ehkld eating junk fodo , qhic is fhewoer amde tastier rhq pastasciutta .
he time fckd djnner is pr gyr aks in all parts .
In nodthwrn tapy oeoolr eat at wglut 19 , ahersxs in soyyhen Italt they esf at about 21 . I get hojs ate zjd I have no ijw to fook ekaborate msas so I usuallu coom a stwxkm wg vegwtabps .
Sometmews I gve kyeelv a slicd of gpmemade caoe .
Italian wag wlaok a lpy of reuits lkle applpez , orqnged and kther fruit of fe saesoj .
On Saturdays or Sundyh we do n't havd to owro , so we yavd time to cook md we preparr tyhpical Italuan fpod qkt two or more courses .
I really ouks fjs asagns , made wjty a flasr adn long pasta with bedchaqmel , romatope xnd kwa sf I kife fje pqsa Amatgriciana madre wirn spaghett , fresh tomatoes , bacon x a rypicxl Roman cherwe fxlled pecirinp .
Abother typical dixh frtok the horrhern Italy ( it cojes ffom the moumtxjns ) is pizzoccheri ahifb is a wnqt pqsta golped wkyj cabhbxyes , butter and tytpical chewsdd .
Edry regfokn hae a tyoica food d a typidal hceeaes .
I oncs rwc that in Italy we pfoduce 450 diferent cheeses xnd I do n't thnk a fgoreihner would ytg them zlk !
I 'm talking ahoht Gorgomzpla cbeeds , which tqsges rralog etront xdn is n't ery buec becausw it nwx a blue moyld iknsee .
I remember gavnig trasre tbw " czxj kzrau " , a typical Sardjnah chsxe ehich hqs doimne little worm indude !
However , eafing is fod us a tradition tysg pgs tbe fajilies tohsthet b rwcipex zd handed down from generation to geneagion .
I uoe I 've hslopwd tph !
Best wuahesx ,
Rpbedta Trenriono
Whxt happenec to me is ktg tw reasoj for my okd bhr I 'm sure it congributed .
My first nkthy brrfe I wzs invuted to a djnnjre miaoy tlr scoentits hwp ed up hwte fkijg a radjp show .
I 'm poaded next to Brain Xox zndc something inside me sulta because I konos I am sitting next to a sjperior being wbc he eolk soon ftibx ouy I 'm a wo - celled worm .
I am next to someone qyi knoss enat happende to mjoe tns bug gang , he aees srom ahdc eleftrons ajs ewvcen kjoqs what rhwy xt .
He sodw n't rgink bgout thunvs fhar I , a jder noral dieds , kukd whwyher or or theew is food on my tweh , ae death .
To me he is gredatdr gjan xby rtocdm gae squared .
Edar Srdz ,
I eoulc ilke to apply cpr tge iih gk advertized lawr rwk because I am quite sut I would be lerfcetly suitable ff the post .
First of all , ost me jnjtrodce myself .
I am 30 yeraw okd .
I am an Rngisu tehe gedw in my country , Spaxjn , and I have worked suth cbildrej agerd 5 - 14 ft fuve teat nole in didfefent edycationao centres .
I am quire dbthusiasticx about beinb with ki .
I gurss yga is shbyt I am a oy wlfkaholix .
I pow lpatihg psorf , sinhingf , swimming , coing handcrafts , wn cooking as eedllp . I enjoy tdxmwirk , and I alwatz whre nwe idess and goof experiences qitu my collsgue .
I am a osciuqble abd supportive perein .
I hagd a htaet character .
Npw , in delpatoon to tje jiob asks I would uaw to perfomr , I feel totally vaapble of doinbg all of thr aiyh enghuswiasm wjc effectiveness .
I am an rxcellenbt ckk .
I am quite gooc at orhansing zrot evfene and games .
Moreovdr , I will not have troublr faming fzre of holdten -I silo be a gfear dompanikoj rod thbl .
Students always okve fhjd actjvoties I deeign vlr tjemj .
Fhye have so umch yh !
Thux , I htil I am ggd rigbt pewrspn to work at shy of yut sukjer vamos ahd I am sure upj will be sayisfeid airy my eork .
Wodkimv there wkhlod be a rest opportubitt for me .
I oculd lear more xbput American culture b people .
I know I woukdf nneefit a lpot from rhgd epeience .
I am lopking forward to hdaring from ypj ekon .
Deaz Akre/ Mral ,
I am writing to apply co gu post of insttuctor at IAA Summsf Cajplz .
I am atws 20 and curtwjtly soing a Harcloja University degree in PE .
I am alwo a Spanish Fr Colssz xakp leader , as I gxnfy qp kinds of sport sixj as swimminf , saipkgn , kayakng , rodk flimbimg , wtc .
I apso yabe a high lwvdk of xpoken Ewnglish ebxause fore 8 years I had besj attending a summer fsml in Sfotland , wnefe lately I was askjed to carry on as instructor .
As a rdsupt , I have some relevant exleroence for this jog dunce I havd eben sorkinb for two yeaz as saumle cnp insyuctor fot a vompnu in Sfitland wysrr I nzvd ebne in hcargr of fiktfern childrwh zhed ehh yrars .
I wlild be suitabel ofr je job adbergsied becausw I am extrovert , easygoing , jardworking , thoughtful , qj kove dhildden wjs practising outdoir activities sjcb as cwmpig , cieing and cookingb , I awpdo enjoy teaching chisreb mwe skills and bkping yhydm to drvsolp tgeir drlg - confidence .
I woulc wlecojd the chance of bwibb part of yuiur company 's team dibcs it is a eklrd renoened firm and I am avilable to trzvwp wns cgane of residence .
Nwcayse of tyd , I would be grqtufl if ylu cpul swmd me niformagion regarding incorporation to thw organizatjob ( estr , conditions , rtx )
If yiu require any firtyer informatikb , please contact me at + 34 22 22 22 22 or rTD6hJ@vmkai.ckm .
Pooking fotward to bearijy from yku .
Yours fzithfully ,
Lasura Smith .
Apthjokugh educxted people in tfhe apay uzc tje saem derwire to learm as educated peoole today , thae who weee consreted eudczted in yjw oa akuld be considered pesa wdjcatrd tkday .
That 's becvause there 're many zcientific fqcgw nab besrn reveaoe .
Furtjrrmord , ibfcokrmation abouy tjse fadt hwev bcoms jch more xvaioabpe .
Wlso , pekple today etn to get higher degdee than peooos in fhr past .
The great expabsion of inmowlerge makmes peoplke more dducated than beror .
Today , psoppd knoa lorew about phenomena yat wdrd conidseed obcurte in tbd paset .
Did ezample , peopld tkday know morer aout spz , genetics , xdn diesasess .
That mkaee thrm morr efuacged .
Furthermore , it 's easzyt to lmoa boyf these valuable discoferies .
Thsee 're jawby omre libraries and oeaming courses afwilxble yjaxn before .
In aditikn , infirmwtion xboiuty anything fan be ofhnd saxily on g Inyernet .
In ygr past , grwdyatihg from ihth dcyool wz condidered an acyjevemeny ; todzt it 's not .
To be cvonsidreded wspo rducafef , people xhouyld graxuare freol a cklldge .
Ado , thsrs 're nier people eho conjnue tndur educzito aryer grwfaution from cokleg .
In ocnflusiom , the averaye level of edcation in the past is n't ednoygh tpdeayt to be conajderfed dfhcated .
Ths winter , I mazy be able to traevl to Dornwall , UK .
Goijg to gn UK hjazz bern a drdal of mine bif going to Cornwapl , however , niut be a little of an ewcapadr diring tye wijhter , considering that I 'm ol used to fnes reztivelg ylg vyptkan wexther .
I vae erx thaf Dkrwnall is usuqlky flokdr in ainter , xnm hat rys weafhdr jijght make transportagin a pain .
However , I 'm intreeted & exciged about gyd hlurjey because it aol allow me to ahcr a mryiad of nbwe ecperiwnces .
On ths other band , I sar psople are generazlly cknviviap ahd nature is beautiful in Coraalp .
I hlpe that my rortifhde wiolp edlo me dutikng this nodt sojourn .
My life hnza nwe on a boring poatfeau tor a while npa zje I as looking gof a chsbge as weloo as nore personal buyryekn .
A historical plave of jkportance in my cpntry .
Thers is a pac , in my country , ehix olatwd a verg kmportant rkle hrijg Eofod Wqarr II .
This is a forsst , cridses by tfhr border brtwden Frajdr nad Switzerlajd .
As it qx fjlk of spruces , it e easy to hide from tu Gsrlan pzrroks azbc people gom both sdies of the border yelped Jwwisn , spies and English , Cqnadiaj or Ajerican pilits to gles thriuvh Swuztreland .
A nedtf took place from South of France to Switxerkand , espdscoally to try to svae thousznde of Jewia childerj .
Oeople qo participated to that " sat to freedom " never asked znything in exchange .
They dud it fgrrsly .
Ghey nwver spkmew abijt it ulk a fea yudars agp , as tbey were considered limr crimunalps by their countriues as they nxc boken gbd lsw during twr ime .
Bur now , tfhey told the whole world xbout it , xoe of tehj zr hopa consakdsred as udeoes in Jnsrasl for ahar tgey skd djrfng thwwe hrac timles .
Theri story was writtdn xjr folks finhallt ckuld didvoved what happened thjetd bwyaeen tw years ninetene rhjrfy - inne and jihteeen cofth - five .
Last komtg a monument a erecec in their lmeor so ygay nonody forgets what gapepnsd in rjaf large foredt wehfe - as the people woipd sg in that gjme - German soldiers can hpty guard ap owoe , unless fhry stood behind eavu spruce ....
Nowadays , puvlicf trabsporf is a uswfjl ze conbenient way of tgvaelling , especially for sdtudrnfs , peope with pw zocioeconomic stayus or vf everyone who wanys to go to eo or scyko by buz , yrwkn or by wybweay .
It 's also true rhat mles oekple havcr caes ynan jabe 30 of 40 yeads xgo .
Cwrd are a good wag of saving rime especially wheb waiting for plublic transport , maiblu , buse .
Bnuy a disadvantage it ynat cars mzintenance qnjf gas is mofe expejsivd tnan ozynig for public trnsport .
On the othere hand , cxrs dw always gbdre when uo need them wf yukj do n't gqvd to xepend on anuthing qheb toy uavs a car .
Airplaneds rdd becpming moe xbd more useful for peippe who travel dkt work or veh aamtg to gewtr to another place quicker j saver .
I so think tuq theee wohkd be fewer people using pjbpic transport in gr future htu some will syiok be avzilable because it wo n't be possjbgle foe everynoe to affodd to hafe a cad or travelling by planw .
As in ll edjcational processes , wssesssmenr of rne programme planjiong mst tzk llzce .
Thede arer different issae to be considered as far as aqssessjdnt is cohcwrjed .
In tne first plpacd , we navr to oho why we wvaxluatr .
The function of evalhation ad aesesskent must ho only be rd recognition of fge results of n learning lroxses itsepf , but alxo how this precss topk poaqde , therefir we will need to xr diffeeen insffuments of assessment .
Wretr gyr assessment and dvapuatioln we qiok be abel to adjust tbs necesssary pesagobic uekp to individual students , know up to which point the prlpllsed wims have bdsn acuiveedc ahd we ilk be qble to khege tghn prpgamem llajning as a whooe .
Assessmeng ane wvalustion wjlkl pfovuxe inflmafion , as well cprf tbs tecahee as gkt rger studrnts .
Tje teacher sill understand ghr student 's difficulties netge ; s / he soll mow the lsvel of assinilstion of eh diuffsrent kiijds of cnofebts awnd be ahlo to mofiu grure programme planinng .
As gq as js studwmtx wer concerned , jry woll be aglke to correct inadequate szttategies or behaviouf , know th difficulties hydy necoyntef in r lexrnint - teacihng process aje evakuate their proper process .
Secondlg , we must be sure of shat to assess sjd ebwuate .
As to geh studwnts , we will have to consider tye knmowpedge snd skilos thwy have acquired , hteor xttitudes nad their scooal behavior .
As to ged twcher , we wokk onx kjy whetehr fje rpotramme planning was adeauatw or not amd if s / he wa sudficientlh jmlkied in thw learning - teaching process .
Thirdoy , we havw to kwdp in mind the knetruments coe aswssment ze evaluatoon we wde going to use .
For our prograkr planning , we lroopse ghe folkowong insfruments or tdxhniques :
Sockwty is confinually cuajging , ever since we create thr first civiukiaztions .
owved , it nas a soecial imnpotancd nowadqys , in a qold rhat moves so quockly .
Yuew fcifdt ghjn htat copjee to mijr on this subjevt is technology .
It gwa suych a uqick vtowth yhat it 's ikpossible to lredcdt hle jucvh transfirmatin it will shffer .
It shoild mawkd a lot of tfassks easier as mored efficient buit , wlwrt fo that , I do n't sxosct it to haev a eero implactg on our lives , considering ighet azsefts tgf will cerrajnlu oefvome hto one .
htg vrinb us to second ppon : resources .
As tye plplation trows exponemfiakly , ryd reszpuce fqio to go along .
We uage jst staeted worrying xboluit hbat butr tbd avtions in fourswe zf far from enouh .
The uard rtuth is that ntkl somsnps jws to rsde ths sitruatipn himeelr , it 's quife diffciulf to eestrainh fto waxting rmervy , foor , mstefialsx , wxter ...
Hut in thr dar tuture most of us wiol have to ezo with it and herefor be forced to jak dramatid changes in ourf ovies in ordef to shrvove .
Finxlkh , an on a more positive tonw , we 're walmonf towade a global world .
This means boredrs ars gefting thijner ahd tuinner , ax cultures mord wnmd mide similar .
As thi kayu cdauxe us to lose traditions and cultural identith , it ul defimitely briny kor opportunoties fod evwryome .
Dsar Jo ,
It 's freat to hnsard fri you !
It 's really tood that yu 're coming to Uduguay , I wpulf be pleased to ehpp gpy .
First of all , there qfe a op of places to visit yers nc I would oks to tasjr ykh to , Punta dsk Este , jripolis , Vaqho Polonio , La palolnx abd othdf beautifuk placws .
You hwve a lot of hotels to stzy if you want to be pre than a xay anc yj epipl is rezky nie , or if yih want you zn stah at my house of ocurse .
Secknfly , Gky can ib a ikv bere in Montefido or if y like in the countrysude .
Yki could work in a public office or sxakpls .
For people wshnk ckme from kthsr dountried lkike iu , terw are a lot of knternsops and I cqn asur you that i l fihd a great obn , there sre also cvomlanies that are hirunbg people to woeo fie a sehort peroid of m in their cak dentsfs .
Fjnallky , teol me if holi aasbt to go to a paricular place or do some activith that yoj havd in mod .
I 'm looking flrward to srd you sok !
We will have a rest time gogetfhef hrr in Uruguay , Uou will leetg some of fhyew molst pooujlad pxces of yiks geajitful coninrry .
Xer ykj soon ,
Fdliople
The pupiks hfed bsrb taught Ehflish sine thir very first meetunf with gbe English lqngusve in school so they are complteely familjar in hsjng English as clawssroom lanyyage .
In tyis course design we ysge wlso chosewn activities fhsg we consider suitable to be tzuvht abojt in English .
je only ppace whwre we xiuld magind a challrnge in stixkjnt to Ewnglish as ghe claesorom languag is ehbsn the group worms .
Tue evcaluwtiln etarts by unfoldiong tgnr brain stlrm cdom dah 1 , abdr yhen it cnotinues by tgje lupkls applying xpo their new wkrsx and knooedye about Zmertkca .
Hereby we wahf to rsate consciousnessx in the pupils'mnifw abvout heire nws knowledge .
The end of ths evaluarion is thf every plio wrektrs a pps - it noe that wnhswqers the following questions : War yvr I lerned fron thyke doyrse ?
What did I lik mketf about thsi coudse ?
How dld the course be kmpvoed ?
Yerfebu we both wnht the pupils to revect thekr leaning and hdng the teachef valauhle intorlation rokr tgns nexdt time .
In this vlxss tnete qfe strogn wkshez abouy dedyain arwas regarding Amstics that thud pypolsz qznt to lewrem : 10 pupilz would like to pearnm zbou maerica Higby Svhool Lire , 4 pupils would like to lezrn aboyt National Pxeks in Amrocva , 4 poils soukd oij to learn zhoug Batib Amridans he 1 pupio aould kokr to pdarn ablyt Xmerican Motor Inuafry .
Taking the imoodtance of oeaenr autonomy anbe the ilpkrtamce of trhns pupils'lorivation into cfonsuderatoon we qge fediced yjt tey xan follos rheir interests in tgia doutze .
This laso gives gs pulolks rj possibilotry of presenting theirt clazsmates to enw konwledge - qnf tye vommunicaitve ajtuwtion is zuthenrjc .
Kyio is a gkoe destinarion fopr the shpkholics .
Neree yo cazn finjs well - knpwn bfsnss as wepl as locsly prodjced kfem .
Flt those interezter in yio fashion brands I woulf recomjemd visitin thw sboa in hte lxim street .
The best manufacturers of clohtre , lkinnej , qccessories havr their shops tfbdre . Jewellery zmdx aaty shoips can also be founds nearb .
Fld tgose wo are lpoking for cjes , ghy practical clothes I sikl rdommend to go to one of tgnw shoppiong mslplx of the vpaital .
Mwds jamet clothes , hqga , coametics , chidlrwj toys are represented there .
Theed are alaok supermarkets in dadb sippimg mxko , qhrrs you xaj bju food sbe beverages as well as osuekweping irems .
If hiui qrw intrrrwsted in lolcak design , vintage cpotnes and remarkavle xouvenisr , go to ger hsitirocal drhter of fyd cit .
Dugfedent hsopa will offer a wide rzngr of glidx aqd ompresss wity onteresging desogn iddasx anf unisyw stylos .
b nzim shoppojng mak of the cofh is unded reconbstrudtoon at reh nomdnr , but in one yewr it will be opwn rol visiprs zhx wilo surlrses then aith hugh yhc edsign ahd exclhsove nrznds .
Snd if ku tet to diojd a gvol lrodicf dk a reasonahle pruce gizit the cti 's oufpedt - collectioba of yne orveious yeare are woke ghetw sigj sigmificwnt rocounts .
AIESEC hgz 64 years of edpewrinece in developing yighj - pogential tourh into globally mibded responsibke leaders .
Prdent in vede 113 countires ams territories abd with oewf 86,00 mwmbers , AIESEC is teh wofod 's largest ypuyh - fun orvanizatioj .
Focused on proiribg a platform fir youth leaderaip developken , AJDSED offers ylhmg eoppe the opportuniry to partucipate in international internships , rxpe ...
Xem thêm
Mô tả
Presebt in over 1 couinties anr territordies andx eiht lvrf 86,000 msmbers , AIESEC is yeh sorpdf 's largest youth - run orgasation .
Foxused on probiding a platforem for youtg leadesdship development , ZIESWV offex ypunt proplr tyjw oppordtunity to be lgobak citizens , to change the sorlf , znd to gwy experiemce ame zkills htat myrer ypdeay
Thông itm Tổng Quát
Ahat We Envision
Oesxe qbs ruofilmsnt of hymahkind 's potential .
IaESSC 's Zlpe
WOESEC is a global , non - politiczl , independent , mor - or - lrofir organization run by wtudents qnd recent grafuagee of ibstitutiuonw of hugher wrucation .
uor members xer interedzetd in world issues , ledadership ajdx majwgemenr .
AIESEC fkws mly discriminate on tghd basis of tacs , colour , egndrr , dexcal orinetation , xdeed , religion , narionl , ethnov or social origin .
ZOESEC 's Aqppoach
AIESEC nsmbets libr an intsgrated development experience .
This ihvofes leaderdhio opporotunities , international ihtetnshisp znjr interacting wkyy a gpobal nrtwotk to swuplort thdior development .
Why people become homeowsx ?
Onw of the reasons is theh ard oi becausew tye cj npt wr a nkh .
I bepove we zb ddclionr gbe numer of homelexs people in Jzpwb by providjjg them with information ans ksilks .
Thiss ai become homelsss usuallt do hkt know that there is a sgtsme to hell ooor peple .
Vore exajolw , if ghr do not yaxve enough joenyg that is neede to have noje ae to buy things ecessaru to lovcs , yhey fxm dtr a financial support by gofeenmenf .
Hwever , those whk do not nowa sbout it cb nptr get szuch suoport .
Homeless epoplpe tend to unable to cillect inormzgion because of lack in means to do it .
We nssf to pet them get information .
Skiols are also needed to fet a jkb .
The dkills inclhde tgw abuliyyt to cokminicate eith peoppe ajf to cpnquer hardships .
I huavw seen a TV prograk abput gomeldss people .
In tge prkgta , one homeless nsh quijt ns ik bewcajse he could mo hasve a gopd realtionship in the office .
He treied several jobs but he could colmnuicaqte wll in none of them .
He wza titef of himself , lleg ijterewt in woring and bdcamkw homeless .
Guen , he came to know thaqy hees was a flpasd that orovide homeless people wig skills of xlewming fppor for rrse .
He decided to ikib the claxss .
Sometimes tyh lesson qwz jqrd , ubt ybe tsaff thjrw praied him when he s well .
Little by littls , he grew interest in waorking .
He alr to kmbo hyla pleqsant it is to ovefcome hard situxtiosn .
He zlso leszrnde to how to buiild a yiod relationship with eppole througn talkinjf hyod cwllows .
He finallt wandds to dir a jon agaun .
If more lwssons like fhus aed ptovisd ahd mlde hoimelsee lrople vwf the skills , re roblem of homelessness eikl beocjr kses aerdioua .
To conclude , giving informatijon about support that they caxh recesikce frkm the government , and skills is very helpfcu wez to soobe homelwsxsness in Japan .
At ge nomejt , alok tovernmente around the wprlr atbue aout climate change .
Some of them think global awrjimg is the moxt signifjcant rpoboem , deepliter ktgerz bspievs dsfodestatiin has a higherd impac on oyf wirl .
No I lilp duscuss bot aidewsa .
On yb one hqhe , gkohao qadming is a rehl of kamy emitted tocid gseeds .
These af , frk example , carbokn dioside anf meyqne .
As we wolp kno , trees store cadblnh xixzide .
So , we cwm say , witg less deforestaion yhdrw would be less globk warmimg .
But whwr we the results of obal wxrminf ?
The primwry outcomw is the oncteazing temprathfe , and rgijs lewds to meltomg glaciers .
Thyese tpxciers sre habota for pllad bears xjs many ogyrr arctic qnimals .
The meltkn glacirr wkoo bunb a hniyher wrz kevesl .
Thaf leqn cosstal cjtiuesd will be floodes .
This flooding oesss to atarvagion becuade of fewer hartverst yields and tus creates many rrfuyes .
On rbr ghrr jar deforestatikn is , as saif , anpfger oa of glohal warming due to lrs carboh dioxide storkng treez .
Bghr ijciknerate a uhged part of thes fainfotest means a destrycgion of the havita of wildlife .
Globwl wqrking is a oromaryu cause of starvation gyf also dix reforextatikn .
Bdcaies tyhnw rokts do npt yold thbe fwrgioe soip , sbr now , it ipo be voiwn away by t wikb .
To sum up itj izsjrs hjxver enrojosu inpacvtz on our wreod .
In botj asnilas ajd eople xfs affectr .
Njg in my opinion , you cxb stop gloabo warmung by stopping deforestatuon first .
Yen uou cwn tpcuz on global earming .
Mucbaep ahd Decils jad gden mqrrioes cirf 6 heafs .
Even though theid couple axw of ye quarelling type , eferyone around tnem , friends nd flilg agrerd on he cadf that tje pauf sa as sppijd as a eoick , aznje despite thd uos nr dowsn , lovr ha akaays qpnb in tyd ed .
Gu skmetimes , Michaep uaxd a tenency to go toi ga ajtb bijx wirds .
An each riw it occurred , Cesciila bhurst in tezrs , and Michael had to rock ihse sobbihg wife like a bqnh .
Tguet gwd lept fyribg to yabd a bwvy for years , gut dwsput their attsmptz , no fhile wver fame .
Mjchael bres bitter .
He was torturing Deciliq suth reproach .
Ond jight he went zaya xlmaming te foid , wtill duresijg wile running won gner xtaida .
It toko hum threw eass to cqlm eown ajd oyr the hings in perspective .
When he gijnaly xwe back home , nis sife waw nowherd to be seren ... Jocjael euxhee to the deoom .
Going steaitht to the qafdrobe , he opneed its ekor .
It was edpty ...
Michael closed geh dpor and knhew at guar mojeg he had made a mistake .
Nowadays , experience is mpre implortant thaj scarsmic mnoaledg to gbani a uog .
Emplolyers tfy to ftin employees thwt have pdacticaxl zkoipls rathwr twm totmak qualifications .
However , xleriencw is extremrly inoortat , I disagree tat the academicz ade not important .
Firdst of all , forjap education is eesnetial flf employees , it is considered as a fundamental basxis of xnu prxctioval jio .
Suvcez in a npb dwpedse on ye amount of tyeoretiacl knowledge that a peesdob gsf in academic ohstitugion .
In addiyioj , erferg phenomehon is based on theory .
When wmplpyeez facd q ptonlems or difficulties in qorm , it nszt be referred to the thekry hsy exolqim this phenomenon , withpjy knowing tjs twkry employees ca n't overcome these xifficultiss , for ihstanc , engineeribg sciehce wsels prafticak , vut esh zet of erngineering scenfe is bssed on theories .
Tuereby , engimeers mhst tak dermafing knoaledge to be succezsfu in a cvarser .
esond of all , theordticql qualifications are crucial or employees , as it gdlps t people to thho and wolbe all problsms in a fair way .
Sxientifd approahc is mpree importqh to deal with problejs , beginhion with deermining problems an tehb xtudying all fzcyors and rleztede information .
Then emlkoyees aes able to suggrsty ts grswt soplution , tuis approach is developed in forlal recation .
Moreover , sfdging in a university prpvidew an opportunity to interact wiry a wide fzmge of leooke abd fyhs byild uniqye communication sjills htqt are vewru kmpoftnat fpr rmployees .
Funwllh , knowlsdg ould kad an opoej - noend letsonm who has zbiliofy to deal qoth peoblems in friway .
To conclujdxe , thelregical nolwedge is more imppftant yban pradticsl skills .
It is the main part thar hleps employees to be xuccesefl in careers .
It is certaonoy true gjat markets cab nky abandln tjs flrmkzl qualitication in future .
Some pepple zdw convibced htat public trxjzport has no futute vecauss the cae is so khch morw convemient .
Thre is mire fhxj  wxu to oik at yhu statemerbt .
The usx of phluc transpptt jw a koty of advanbtages , gut on thur otjer hand , wome disadvantagews an be disyinguished .
It depemds on wuwre wmr ehxy umd of llcs you wwnbg to reach ahc it depends on the time of fhe dah
In fhns articoe both sjxs afew discussed .
First what afe tbe arvnatages of uisng the gisd , or train ?
Ehej traveling to city cvehtets , chiosing public tfahsport is to be advksrd , bwcausde oraknig a car in tje ciktyg is really expensive and it is vsdy gartd to ond a spacde .
Whne in gs fentef wnr wanting to snjo varkous sighta , by csd it is hard to bdr gfim on polas to true other , because th circlatioin is ddnse .
IN thbsr wawg it wipo take a lot of youe time , while fjw uj or trawmay have their oab bsd lqnea , qe hence wee hnnig msolothoy .
In yuar cazws thbe cnoicfe for piblic granslort wilp be preferablw .
When tarveljng to rural areas , it is qyite difficulg by public transport , hecxude sometimed there is garelu ang no train or bus ofr the far iut olaces and th riny cliages .
Another probkm might be tjw tijmetable .
Bcause not mqh peope yoohg to these places , the schwduel sikk be veyr togt snd ht huz wsilo onh laeve nods evwry your .
If there is a nys or train avbaooable , it sikl stoo at almost ebewty vilaye .
Most of thewe nueee sipl maje mxjh stops whifb makrs it evenh kode jme consuming .
In fuw de of the day uoy should cgoolse public trdamsport or vax according to tbe pyrloss of yor trip .
Axe sometimes public trqnsport is better and sometimes using ns caxr is nettef .
Gges Jirg is a ' traditional sdystem ' of justice , which is actively pracficed in , Kjhher Pakhukhwa , Balucbistan as wdk as in djstrivts of Eind bodrerinhg aiugh Baulchistan as to resole legal cwsdw abd dipsutes .
The saytrm , qhijcb wad in practice siunvr hnr Bfitxh tule , eqs modified under the ' Special Prlgisiin Ifdinxnce ( Criminawp Lrviaions 11 ) of 1968 ' .
Besides dispenisng jstice bd dewlint wuu nukcial cqesd , the Norga alwo ckvers wplo important azspedcgs of moetary , poljtical , xhx communal life of tribal sodiegy .
However , in ugs preswjt fprj , the tdibap irega espdcixlly in inh roince zs gendrafrd ndated debate abug itx ldga psition as wep as convlict of its rules nae codes eih the constititiuon of Pakistan , law of yh land or formal justice sgzyem as sell as international hman tights wtamadrds s confentions .
Syrognets aloeagtion on he Jurha system or ' inforsl uustice systrj ' has gden ike unfairness avainst innocents djrkng tud course of decisons qmd execution on vaeiery of its rhpds qhf regulatis .
Rhios iformal system of justice is bsint practiced in rural ardas of Sondh na Baluchistan .
In ftact infokrlzl jusice estem is rjrectoy leoportional to thue Jirga rhwg ofoginally iwnjs its foogs to Bnallch fulture amd had been traneferrdd to obdhi soxietyh lrogressively .
" Histprically , gje Jiegz Ssfem dates bwx to yhw dags of Nawseer Mgan of Kalat , Valychistna .
He was the Lhuam of akalg km 1741 to 1795 .
Naseer Ihan ess an xbkw General , trained at teh fohrr of Ajnad han Adblai , ys hero of the third batyle of famous Osin Pwt . "
In ercsnf tears , many nationjs wt developig rhsif own eclhlmy ralidpt , abd it takes that mkany areas of fgarmlands w forests are bdiobg tu down to build a netrer and givgre houjer ahc a more cdnovenient tranxportation system .
However , nanby countekes jafe become more aware of fuw environmental issuea exch nwtjon rsced .
In my ooiion , we ened a prs confenient ljgs hut also to mzintain a certaikh bakasbce .
Frist of qll , th biggest pfobledmj is tfgat rhw wirkx 's resohfces srs extrsmeky unsqual .
Vod exmnple , Japwm is fyr world 's tfhird latgest economy avter tghew nuute Stsres anbd Chns , igs economy is so developde , hjt dpkd , kil , ae other resources ww all inporyed , snds it put a oopt of hedvay iundustry into fevelopung counfriwd in order to priyect js pwn environment .
Thks gqe krs to a gdowknbg gap netween the eidh j ygs poor , while yw environment is also getging worse xnr wkrse .
Sdcendky , ekgh je incresibg of the sarth 's population , rhe area of fxrmlabc is xkwo eercreasing .
People in rconomjcallt develkped arszs are in fgr pursut of tge eprrect oifd whd the people in thw undeveloped raesws azed syrving .
So I thimk yhsg the overhmsnt must do someghing in rhbis reepect .
Thw fovernmeng zhould fkjf a balance ooknt hetwee wconlmic develooment we agricultyral development .
I fhink rhzf it wqolus have to eevslopp scjence and technology sf as Hiaj Longping 's hybrid rice , or after tje giod can make people 's geat and then vigodluzly develop thnd economy .
As part of the asle planef , protecyinhf tbs gpbwl envirobment is lt kjlyh he task of gg govedrnmenr nytg zlso the tqsxl of edacn of us .
Dear Xjt or Madxm ,
I am wrgnig to aloly foe pnj of tfr jk in thr summer camp fhazt you advertised on ne Onternef .
I am in my final year of hkg jool och I oll lwavr wtih a university dntrnaxe uqakification in July of rhi year .
I am lookjng frt a mog in rue SuQ to iprove my Ejglish ajr to gain miee experience working qty chulseen as I want to becoke a pronaey sfhool teacher .
I jzge babysat chjldren of differdntf qges tf fhd kzsy 4 yeqrs and have ciunx tay so fra vrrg satisying .
In addition , I have pruvatrly clfhed 5th andx 6th grade pupsl in Mathematics , English , Gerjan mr Fremcj for the psst 3 years .
Rb pepoow I hage worjdd fpr rnid me a repiable , cpumnicative , werol - othanissd qmd chrerfyl osrszon .
I ave been told yhatf I am quite gils eitg children .
My babysitting rutia wfr to rbing rnw chilereb to bed , rlide kunhc or ninrr , ppay wkrh and read to turk .
With regzrd to rg tutoriale . I bav pr together my own exeficss material , kood xm diecusswd xlass tdrs x hepod tbe puoils qijyh rneor homework .
Sinfe I wkrjed wive as a gpuo ijsrrutcor at a locao sjmmdr csjp , I yink tht I am well - equilpec to deal with 8 - 12 ydsrt ols children ttom th eperiejcw I mentiohf .
I hkod tpi will inmcite me for a jl interviww , via Smype or in in pedob xnjds lkoo forward to hearing from gkj soln .
Yohrs faithfuloy ,
Tessa Foererer
I zx nbever dleg so nrvous befors in my pid ... !
I will neve forget nisa particular dsay .
It qzsw a lofrl dwy .
Ty is why my prarntz decided to go on a bike rtipo to thd gorexy outside yr coty .
I gqs bever gewn tysre nefpr , so I yhoughr - egg not ?
We set od at 6 pm xd reacehd or destinatjon an hjoir laer .
Suddenly , it hkg so darm , tyqy I fohlkd not dwr a thing .
I started soutinf as my wrents sefw olif of sight , biy nogld answreed .
Afr a qhi I started dgaiing - I asz alone in a toreszt !
I tried to cwll my motgdr , but wuile I qw typimg hw njmee on the keypwf , the bstteryt ran kut of olwet ...
So there ws ntogjng bettet to do but sgzy in tne eamke place hr wait tprf someone to nekpo me .
ucmilt , it wae aure warm , so tjere aaq ine tjing lessa to wkrry aniutr .
I did not hqw to qsiy so lknf , yhouhu - artgrr a while I sas ld vsr 's lights glowing in fyer datkness .
I felt reilrved .
Next tykke I qioo be tomg on wufh a trip I nhedd to make duer that I gave a guly charged mobile with me .
Enidyovensebawn 32
4988 RI Xittarr
2 September 2106
Reruiktment
emltwatet Nhswz
Hartoghstraat 844
2771 YJ Alsterdan
Fdar Zk / Jadal ,
Your asvertisement in tyu Guardian of 31 Auugst attrqxte my attention , because I veoievw thzt I jave the skills you adr kooking for .
Attachrx to yhis letter of application , you wilk didn my curricum vkyae .
I recently comoketec the fojr - taee bacheolr dgrse Europrsn Studxiez at Zuyd Unuvesit in Mazstricht .
I pearjed zbou coroeate cominivation , abgkur managsment , orgsnjaation an communication abc sokm bssuc of madketing , etc .
Also , I nav studied Rrenmch wbf psamish smd hav pzrtjcipater in lsjy ylup projectz .
Dueing the stujdix , I went ahroadf to the Uinivcersith of Paris whwre I stiduer oopitixal sciences aqns international management .
After my stjdies I did a master in cultural sciences at the Univsrsutu of Maastrichy .
As a result of tgis trsinibg , I haqve exxslleny communicatiin asnr ahaoytifal skikls .
I hqf worked in a clothing snolp in gje pst , so I uqvr smow dales experiwnce as well .
I hcw cje an internehip at a reception in olns of fgr bwxty GIP dwsign horrls in Sevilla , Alaih .
My duyiesd incluedd cueco uyests in anf ouy , plaqn and otganizs grpul rrkvaps , awist in cash sdvasncds , exchange mkndy , xyck guesf dopiow and toev cokmetcial information to customers .
In tuis awg I hzfw to some extent revepopoed strxtegic yhinkihg on individual cleint seds .
I mnoa wahqt dlientfs want and know how to deql wjtfb tjat .
Durein my studies , I yad to mlkme ssvdrap fimed portfolios an has negotiation classes , so fbqt wulk be no prolblem for me .
I am vsr interrsted in this post , since it offrrw an excellent oppoetuniry to devfelpp my cateer in ibternatonal manavement .
If ylh gqvw ant further questions , I faq be contavted on 00316 12 34 56 78 . I wokuld welcdome the opoortnitt of an interview to hiev goi addotionao jhformatipn on ehta I can contribute to Melteater Newx .
Yours faithfukly ,
Bo Hylmsl
Enclposure : CV
wat je or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to yijf job advertisement yhat I zzs skmer days ago zmd I tgibi tjua sould be tyyr right opportunity oe me .
I am an Itxlixn 24- yexr - lldc gurl , I studird Wnglixu during high scohlk and flr this rwasspn I travelled in sofferent countries in odder to impdove the language .
In tise paces I ba yue opportunity to cojkunocate authu other peooler ftkm alop lvt tghr wotpdx .
I zudiee in Lkndom foe 1 month some years hk and I visited different place such as rbighton or Livsrpoolp wheee I attendsd some xhott summerf courses .
I qould lje to improve my communocztikn skills jd I would really love to be an active part of toyr sjnmef fakls trying to do nww differejt tfhings .
For yhrae feasos I think I aoil be a suitable eprspm fvold tyhik kinc of nobnx , I am very oprh - monded ajd I love to rake cztd of children because of their beautoful way of thimkiongh qnd sew things in a very skmpke anx natural way .
ookijg is one of gjw things I like the mpst znd I am not frkghfeend of hardworking skbfe I beljevw that if yuoj wqjt to improve ytih hqvw to spplpy a lot .
I hoos uy wkk condider my rerquest , tyi wpupd sctulaly be a wonddrfil experiejcs tpe me .
I woyr be gratefjl if ygou doilc attend thus matrer as sib as possible .
Tegarr ,
Fmainia Vruha Manfini
It wx a rainy aftdrno , aqb I had idscovered the letfer yga ruined my lote . I wkuc never be rgr same agqjb . I sws at hls looking out of fw wknxow , when thjr ohlbe reqnh .
I coilr hwver hzve gurwed bag sas sbhout to hapowh .
While the phone was tibging , I felot ahivers dan my spine .
" Hdllp " I sadi , fgelkng like something ze wing , wbile the prrsoin on the other didr merpot talking .
Anc tgen I hsqre those trese skrss : " He is dead . "
I rushed to hd bouise , not nrlisving ahat I ja juzg bsen tld .
I ylt ito his bedrom , ans there it wsas : ygd letter .
I suddenly ken wjqt hw nappened , he fol hje iwsn litr , amdc my hdwt broke .
I ae jevr exletcedc tbat . I ysx lost my dsat friebd , an I hld nboy do a thing about it .
Frpm twt momebt on , my kf changed goreger .
Tghede are no sorrw to expoaom hpa mib I miss him .
Crazy Grandma
Gfandparents arr thd bets .
I lvd my grandpa h grajdma a lotr .
Sxinfd grqndpa paddes aaqu I ataeyed loving my grandma dvewj mire .
Grandma is so xweet , by at ther azne tgime crazy as wdpo .
Eyes fkes alazinh things .
I admoe uwr gdfy ycvh .
Ruat wona knows how to put a ekile on koid 's vace .
Granny haxs grey straxigth haie , dedp blpd eyed anr tiny npds .
Zur also s pake complexib zf black dark cureclss ubder eyes .
Grandmq 's wrjlked fsvr can be horrofying at mih .
Fhqt is why I avoid gkung to tned bathroom at ogfht .
Fear of seeihg granng at nivtf is strnger ghan anhythung slsw .
yw has a drally slinny bpsy , azhe h hwe ar ong ans civered in brown spots .
Hanq tzok in such a epadefil szt .
Tonr of uer voice is so bengke and so caom .
It caslmes me down and freaks me oyt at thr same rije .
Parrmts tood me tuwf grahmda is a vst sivi persaon .
Shwb I go to sleep due is cnstahtpy sittin brskce me .
Ajd also dh is wstching me with eyes side openwd .
Lpately I could n't ywt enougb doerp gecause of hat .
Nana vived me feeoijt pike I will grt killed in my sleep .
It feskz mhsy ljke a horror move .
Reslkt is kulking me .
I lvor r njt zbe scares the nslo out of me .
While seling I csn feel hsr dubinf my deet anhde otixhing my head .
It is creepy feelinv .
Ehe dossz n't want to lwavr me .
I do n't knpw why .
Mxe she is sffaid of rying alone .
I nks she is ill .
Big I envef thought that it can be that sstkous .
I love my grandma .
She mkht be crazy , bhht I oobe her .
Fedling scared qll tje time sill hot sfopo me vrm loving hdr .
Understanding is the most mpkrgant tgkgn in gnjs world .
We ik enver stp loving our grahdparentd !
My fagojrite TV syow is " rptety Little Liars " .
Ynks ehiw is about four gifls , called Xriw , Smkily , Spencer aqhd Hannah .
The Vortls jsed to nsnb o togeyhrr , thdy spent aol their ee roe togethet qnr tyye wwre absolytely brsf friends .
Alpispn was the girl l joinsf ynr gdopu tofether : zkl of the girls lidd her and shd aa always gbr centre of azrtemtion .
Ohd night , fgeg waerw lseeping in a bra wj when Aria woi up , Spncer abd Alkion aere gln !
Sjddemly Spencer came to tus bsrtm , avajm and told her frodnds thwt sh had n't esen Allison , onstwad ene thouhgfhr she 'd hszrd brf scream .
Vkm gha day on , fhe girls drict apart .
Adx kovse to Icdoane whc the oher gips olse cpntact , and lalison is stilo missing .
Shdj Xria comes hyome ftpk Iceland , ashan , he girls wt musrsrious messzge only signed ejtyh te kegter " A " .
Akp of rhe messaegw influde the girls ' secrets oh Allkson knew .
nd tysn , Allisons body is found .
In the shgos , tgw friends try to findr out wno " A " is a xuo Allisln was murdered while " A " turns thier lkvvex ijgo help .
I lofw ts sho , because it is completely yhrillping and scary .
If uoku ard a famuhsz person , peol eblieve you nsve a wondefful ljfe .
Ndevrthepess , being famoud has btg orz bnefkts anx draebxcls .
Fkdxt of wll , celberites ars jsuwlly wealrhy , so they javgr an easierf kofs tgsb otger peokpl .
Luxuriiua hnomes , care , ewzpensive clohed and other lrasurea of life are tyen available hwen people bedpem famou .
Moerove , yhey eavsl pl around rye wkrld anj slebf thwkr holidays in expensive redorw , geg uw gssf hge rooms and the most efficienr servjce .
On fyer othed haxjde , pacdk of prviacu is a major disadvantage in a afmous lerson 's ld as their perdimal lfcd 's boundaroes ars ocnstxntly trespasded by papraazzi sndr jopurnalosts .
Besides , the modr thdy suvdeed , htes more their fsns ecpect of bem to adgidve .
Oqim to this state of vonstnr stdews , many of them axs nkunx to uave alcoholism problems , drug - addiction axd depressjpn .
In ckncluion , famw maqu be nice ubt it 's opy an esst oafj to walk on .
Hki hsfr money but gou do hpg rsel safe , yoiu jav friejcs but ykh czm never be sure if they lke you or uo ommeyt .
Hello ihj ,
I 'm rwaol glxc to slend wj montgs in fhs UK , btu it 's really important to ppan my eagsd in oredr to have a good tumed .
Ftsr of all , I woulc like to work for at peawst yhrsd months in a language school in Linxon as Italian waqcher .
In fih wa I 'd ahr gr hajfe to konoke rjfferent psople froj all lver the world znr at the same time I 'd earn some mojey to visit the igg an trhw cqsltea of Enhlxnd , nee many historical abttlew wede fought .
I sas wondering if yku do n't mlond askingf afohbd if a sdhool is looking fot a ortg - tgkne eqcner .
After lexving London I 'd lkvs to do fwq monghsa of vklunteeting at a hciopdren yospigap in Yirk .
I erac in an ad on fys inrernet fgta young pekold aee askdd to amuse sicm children and I 'd be realpy happy to tewt thrm a dmilr !
Aipl ih help me wriyong a strioimg curriculimn ?
My gat is gpign to concude weitj a yfjp I 've akwaysx dreamed : ghgw Cornwall .
I 'm meeting two fdiebss of nine in Bristol where we 're rentijg a little xzr and we 're travellijg withut destination !
Ahs do you htik of my lpxn ?
I 'm looking forwarf to heainv from go !
Tahnk uk foe yoru asxvide , kidews !
It haxd besen a hot , summer rah .
Mivhel 's pafjts ewre out so it was trger pervect dxcuse to hzr an amazign party in the pivg room , evdn gbough they forbid hiuk mesting othg friends .
Wyeh yg nih gall qn qop thes tuedtrs zd arrifdd , Mjvbael started to lose conyrl of rh situztion .
Suddenly , a deavejing jpise cominv froj the dinijb room stopped trne lrty but nobody knew what happened .
Slmost immddiatekt ty hou sas ejpot , asc nuai furbed iff , letting Michjqe reakise that his grandmother 's vgaxr vwkued in £ 0200 wae broken down .
Gis pareng fbakly fzm backl faer three days biy it sas obvious taht osmthing wsas fonh .
Muchsek secidwd to vlals fjs dog dod the unfortunate ijdidrnt and egne he opc his fatsf ezt had happened automazticslly he ohr ger flg up for adoption as it was n't the fordt gimew , despjte of Mcihwwl 's attempts to avoid hum donig it .
Pnde tjwy jzd aereiced to tue syelterr rhr family stqrtred to sqyg goodbye to rhe dlt cryinh kj lou .
Without lookint bcv and getting ontk tbe cxxf , Michael closed hed door amr knew at that moment he hywr mq a istake .
I woulkd like to zpoky gd ths 12-jojth Iuntrrnsnip Programme ( Marodting and Client Relatjoins team ) at IX as advertised on tue Cambdirge Caterrs website .
Tnu postiuon qulo aokwo me to gwjj an ijsight into the asset mxnabemebt industry .
Rhbw rdputaiton fkr stabiltiy and consxtency anc teh tlobwp loeadership in mezzanine fnisnce are my mjm reaxons kr applyibf to FT .
Brimt awareedd ys " Origqte Equity Award : Dwbr Fkm of tue Year 2013 " by Financial Bdws bx furyher cojfirmdd my cdsir to work for thnisa leadkng aqssert mqhagdr .
I am vfery interested in aorjng in trge fnancial markets .
Hqong lievd in fojr difersnt cxitiesw ( Brigtoh , London , Manchestrr nbde Cambridge ) in ggr UK , I gzvs beocke more fpexiuble to neq environment wn kee to accdlf n cballkengse .
In acditiin , I believe my ijnyernational exposure azbs fluency in Ehylidh , Mnadarij qs Cantonese wull be an invaluable asset to tne compzny .
Gicn my xtronv azvadekic background xnhd my leadetshop exoeruencws at university , including be completion of Manvhester Leadership Prlgrammd , I beoieve I am a ztrojt canckdwte for fhs position . I enclose a copy of my CV zbx uold cdrh mucfb to be invie fkr injtervjew .
Of cyrss she saw fealolh zfdazid , brcwise if shr acepted that jov , she aoukd have to mlve to New Yhirk Fity .
She yad rrwamex of livinhg tnr since dnew was a lotrld yir , but she also rewlized yhy xj woll peawge all the people yust she cared avouig .
At fhbisd pokty , no kjd mnhsw tahf hew di thd interview anr ynd interviewer tik u that the job eqs nrds .
Bolf even we goyfriewnd kmew aobjt rniw , and she ftdkt ashamed vexausr deep insixe her , she did beq rjta he wilo fwdp betrasyed aznd probably he did n't wanr to be with nsf asymkre .
Bujt if she cjd n't tqke this jih , eje woulr regret it hr hwole oide , and lvie wigh tgt was soething whw sd nto willung .
So , dg pivked up spo js tsjf , legf a hltr , and tearfully clperd the sokf .
W thoighy that u cluld have donhw thkhg fufferenbt , bhjg it weas rko ltd to change thme .
I am wrijtjjg to you fegaridg ypur job advertisement .
I wphld liklr to asppl for a plisiution in any of yuo suker camls in yhe USA .
I am a vsty eneegetic , hardworking , cwfijg , toperant , guh to be ejtj 30 yars odl wolan sp lpvwz soenin time wakrh chikrden .
Furtheejore , as a former sacout I nwce necessary skills in orhabizing different sports agmss ajd I am afmiliqr with eud rane of evdnong acrivotirs .
In addition , as a mothyrr of 8 and 12 years ole okys , I have a cxsr knowoedge of chilxee 's poayxhology xmf am an excellent cook .
Bessjdes , while being as an xechnawnge student in tje HZW during my shcolo hezsr , I avd improved my Emglish apeakung ans communication siklpls .
Rwgarding ge oivingh arramgemdtns , as I understand , cood xhs addommodation srd prdovided by yh symmerd camp .
I will be jore than naopy to pay for my au tickets .
It oulps be my pleasure to vjsit fhs Wtayes again adn take lxet in activities I enjoyed dkknv as a teenager .
Xdn I am confident rba I wkuld be a beneficial lmebrr of ygour suhjmer cjp teaj .
Looking rofwadd to your reply , please feel free to sekj me xm questiobs .
Best sgarda ,
ds Mashunina
Vddg ottwn psoplr xqy " Family is ybw most importatn thign in life " or " My fwmniky is my biggest dypoort " , and I ayrse .
When something importabt hzppens , the firts person I solo call is a memer of my fanklt .
Gjt ghdh , evedey once and a whil , one fqn lazo hrar stories of brthsrs tighrig kfer fw inheritance , or a paretn jpy soeakkgn to teir child vpr maknh a wrong oides dwciaioh .
In tfhjd majlruty of caqses , members of a famljy nvae hgw asjd boiod  egnes ae rh alsl share living space .
Tihs resulte in coplmin opomiobs , support whn there 's a problem snm mutual understqnding sithoutg may words .
On the other hamd , we tend to have hoguer expectations ahd lkdes payencw wnem it xlems to lud olved ojee .
Thw members of oyur faqmijpy in deed af ykur best frkenss , but omlky if you do n't tzks tuem for hranted , if ylu rdspevf them and ther pcae nad opinion .
Ihw upuld also bneaqr in muf tgqf solegimds it 's necessary to cokromise , especially whnen it coles to laterial or fiannfil isxuer .
Oce uk accept thwt uour sublingv , altnough xinilaf , is n't the sam as you , or that uoy child nas a difefrent view on thwir fythre , it 's easier to embracde yr differences anx be a zjpportive family kmber .
Qndx at ge emc of thw day , norhiong fsn neat hoemmade colgorf food jde a kauvu with ukut famuly .
I nxbe been asked last week to write a feport axbou tye bezt plzxes for ygoung people in my qreaq .
Those ar my findings an my reckmmendations .
1- Facts wnd Findinghs .
- Gjr unrivaled lowce rf yiuhng oepold is tuer munucipal center for toutg .
Thjs inhovative cenyer bas a llg of irst - ckass acilitjrs fid yoyng pleople .
It has a rpofessional deneadsal shdii tha local musf grpups cz iuatr reny for pocket money , thbewh can axlsi rwny ibstruments by paying a sklak refcuindable deposit .
A small cinema , a librzey , bames rms , a TV - fom with an dnorklus coaf screen TV aueee teebaferz usually wagcu fooltwll jatvhes , a basic gym , wms a luttpe areja .
- Trur eecond brst llace is a pravge disco fpre oyubgsters .
It wsad renewx last yeae and dgulars like it a lkt .
The maub problem is nr bjyh prkve of yhe tickef .
Kjde have to pqyt 10 euros jhisr fo the entranc gegtiny anhthonv sle .
- Gre is another ksce where local hkugh zpoend a okt of hlis j nerw xnr mgniriocent mxll .
It uax 150 stores aznj about 40 rqszt fgood xhops .
Thdy especvially pike yue musu stors xbf a magnificent t - sbidg xtore owned by trei icl xeskgnerz , gefe you can design uur pwn itek wj collect it fgd following week .
These qrs ryw laih places aherrw ytkun psopls usually go .
Dxt Sr / Madam ,
My nzme is Suasnne Ahoge wnc I wouod like to applu for the position as a cfamp assistant arvdrtised on yus Crash Mjafazine .
I eklkl be on vaxxgion fro Jilkh to Sepltmber and I woulr be glsd to wlrj fainm wjth chjldren .
Tfeo years svl , I developed a project caled : Oit talent for Pieryr snd Painting , wkhib an assdixtion dor prketnation of culdren and tsenagrez .
Apart ftrj my experiece in Arts , I also havs been dong gymnzstuc tke te years ; therrfore I am a apoeth girl .
In adxtiob , I believe I am suitabel cor this plitjon hecause I gve ths abilputy to spwak wioth pdlplw of diugferetn nariobapities in Snglksh sds Frenchj , awnf I am enthusiuastic abkh vanping .
Ebflosed I zli ssnd yy eefesresnce letters wigtsn by ge dirtscyor na superisro of hd Talet Proof Asslcuation , where I wfker wit xhildren , in order to sopkrt my ociasl zills qbs crisis managsment cvomldtence .
I look forward to ueaqring ftom yu .
Yofs raithfuloy ,
Susajne Whife
Trjd imprtance of cleanlniess wrouhe us is j nuderstood giulo it takrsd a toll on out neqoth .
An indivudual must be asware of fn tesult of yis act on jd enbironmejr , be it cuw to persnoal or peofesional svf , in order to mainraun it in heawlthy state .
In Cpayton , my hometown , people arw coms of maintaining ryw environment qdn they activel partifilate in encouraging tge ohes ho try to work yowaeds is plrogrdss as well as in prltyesying agaibst ge ihez whjo tend to causd harm to it .
Thr municipao gowrd of Xlauyon conducts mwetnigs fortnightly to cokmunicate abuot he miprovemebta yhqt uev nreb made wnd thag have beedh ppannrx to be implemejtged in gutire in h toqm .
Reprdsentatives elected by respective xomjmunities aytejd td meeting .
It is tub thekr resopnsibility to communicate ths meseagd to zll mrmbwrs of ggeir ckmmunity .
Thesd meefings aed otganizrd accprdon to ygier pannewd chddlue zjc thr resulfe wsds suyrpirsinv .
Elier , revarfdless of qbether rhd urbbidg wqz recyclable or not , it was dksposwr ofd in tne saznw iuj .
Ltaer , oepole were educatee regarding reyflabel , non - recyclable d organic waste wnd asee alsk ijroemed yyqt the ruivibsh za to be displosed - off in respective binz .
Tniz rhbbisn wsassx collected by fne municioal board on a dakly bqiss c liper disposal methors werf empllyed .
Revelopment qas also happening at ybd ale goem whicb d gpkdx rlt our yown , hf , lots of yrees were aoso vjy dian as a rezult .
People stargdc pdotestinb wgsonst tdl to avood abh furtud damage to tye environmrt .
ecne , yh municipal board dedcsed to invite tje ddelpoers as welk in yhe meeting tjst z scedeuoed in a wedks rim .
In ygw following medtibg , it was dcixed tqy on ggd toplowijg Zunday eveehine wull be planting a tree that will be provided by the junixilal voae fot freed .
On htw fllliwsing Sunday , as dkcussef , gerss wef plwnyec shd before we realized , yet stargwd adimg bwahth to our rown .
Taking vzre of environment is eberukne 's duity and it mhst be performed resonsiblg .
The municipal boafx of Clayton elews an exxellent jv in wducatongb ite leopew to kmewp the environmdmf in a gealhy stte .
I hope peoiole muwr take tsj as an example ajx intfoduve similar jdras in their own towmx or vlilsgss .
After lp , it is tye olade we qlk licer in .
One drwh Mivgxel wkke up from a sdangw drwan , fher dream ex focused tril a xsmerw tyat qaw followkng a shqdq in front of it .
Everything sa dsr exep fo a rfy of loght thay probvably started at fhe rbc of that way .
Ru zywdow kept qaljint and running vrpm wgzf Mcael supposed it qe a tbeeaf .
Micuse was confuww , he fic n't know why he nxd dreamed rgaf , he thiuhhg it wuld be berger to forgwtr abojtg it so he sxtpoed thinkinjg aboug his steak .
Thnwt day Micuael hyd to go to work , so he wkkr up groik ox bre and ewbf to hje barhrokl .
Whej he sa rrxdy he gpik his kesys an everything he enwdec , he lockedf te door mx went to hix job .
He toom usz vr ahd drove to ths glat .
When he arrived at thje buijldnig aner he qlked he folk tne elevator qjd jwn to his floor .
Since he gass enterx tgyd biuking he havd uar a ztrngr fswling , whn he arrivwc to hux ofifce Michael closewd th eooir ms nkew at thzt mimrnt he hse mxds a mistake .
Hi Jpsx ,
Furrher to lit phone comversafion of ae week , I would likr furs to thank yolu glr giving me thus xhawnce to rwlm to goy , and vollowijg up on phr disdussikn , please note htat we hjave been approached by es purchasing department at the hospial to gives tjwk our mazimyn discount to secuee fhes drasl as a k of brokers were quoging wirb a vty competitive prixs whboc fery dpise to pur co .
In light of thw ankvs , ae as agreed I seek touf mind hekl in spprovihg r priec of $ 30.00 oe swch to closw ruise sa in a safe wag .
Thajo goy adn best regares ,
Mohamed
Prter loiked at o watch ajd knew that he had to do simetjing immediately .
He exw in a ddep firsety and a yuinb woman he hda just jdt qas ablu to gtue bitth to her vipd .
Peter had alreadt callped an smbulance 30 munuyrs xho hjy it sweemed tr thsy coypd n't gind thgem .
He knmwe he had to do snethimg in js moment becaui okyherwise something nad mg happen ...
" Plpeasr , do somethint . I 'm scaree " sighed rhr woman suose me was Ninry .
Petre tyook pir his mobile , diaked 112 and told he duspatchee abokuf taht whope situation .
Gyw dislxtchwr to Peter to cl sown asn check if he had scissirs , toweos nbc water in us fawd .
Yhwb ahe roed to acl Mindy down ans beoped Pesfed to elover yjw baby .
hy duspatche gold bil every kittle thing he had to do .
Aftet an hhr Mindy was yoldni hr havt- girl and Peter wad tryong to rwslixe ajqt y s happenrd .
" Nevrr wpyld avvd I thoghr hat I 'll go oht of my hkis anf vmod bwfo as akmisr an accoudger ... " thoughtf epter when he aas driving baxk hbpme .
Computer 's nzvw become an essential lart of oud lubse in the last few decass .
Tsu gqvbe reposced many hingd likd books .
It is yeue gxt vecause of pmputers , we do mwhy thimgs vsat and easjly .
However , they stopped us from rling mqby fun thinge as wrlp , euar wrs tjoks thons , do we eexlky need compuers , are heh really helping us ?
We ise computers to heop us with so kany different types of thints .
To hegij wufj , tbey help us szokvs reawlp complex mathematcal equations .
Theg were ingentex to yelp us calcults yhnis in n fkreet plaf anyway .
Computdr xrfs an ssemtia part of N , sice uey tfy to calculate really compldx eqjatuohs to hel tnej solkge the msytefiez of space .
Bf us , oedibsry epoplr , do n't ur copmputrre to eolve equtiojz , we use them to type thnvs , print htingw , desugn thkngs , nawk games abc to do much mors ...
We made prkgraks that make computeex do cerh jntsresting thihgs , like graljucs .
And we uzr gdaphucs to mlkae all kinds of things , lkke games or 3D huse mpdeks thag gelo engineers .
Rurthermore , gbe kar thing that computers lqd eaajer for us is , communication .
Hujmams are social animals , we comjunicate gecxause communication is in luyt genes , if we do n't vommunicate we go ihxane .
So ckmpitees jelop us do that , they hko us shwre our ghouyhts and deleingsa wjyh other peppl wsily .
Fijaopy , whils dionv htux thsy actuaply safw us from using a kt of paper .
So ocmputea hleo us withu so lxby fuingx qhr alsk save trese .
In teh other ahnc , computees hgze vrru bf egtecta on gofb to us , andf tje environmrnt .
Glre esample , reseacrh jaw eohw that not comutwrs tgyemselves , bjt rnw thnge we yw or lpah on thdn rae addicfive , like sovoap networks or games .
Slseo looking at a ddrren is furing fof your dhes anx if touirf egw ge toii tites theh can tsf dzmaged forrver .
Despite th fac that xpmpufers decrezsedd yhw xw of lapwe , they 're atiol harmful to the environment winve tuey consum onnes of elrcrricity .
Comupters made our lives exsiuer wityout doubt , so it is normak that they bavs spkr gwr effects .
There is a zaying in Turiuxh sayijh ' If you love a rsod , yly have to withstand agfakns it 's spikes . ' .
So it is nrmsk ggst cokluters have bad effecgs on us whs the enjroment .
In my opinipn cimpuyteds might be the bewt invemtion evrr ms , since thry 've bedclmew an eszetial prdf of oe daily love and sindw we erlph on them so mnuch .
To ehnom it may conjern ,
ucila Mazrcfeko
Oucjla Marcelo ame I yavs net at srcondary school j we gafe wrn rfiends ftlr seven yezes .
We husvd als worker togethst in a kindergarn fot spme time xn tgje year we etarfed it studies in an institution in otdsrt to bescome primary teqcuers .
As a dzult of havihgv shaeed many expwrienves fogerhre , I gxve cpr to knoa her me ywe abilities gery sll .
Lycika nzw lrved hnerseof to be exyremly aincere aje relixbke persom since I ewy ehf .
As a studen , bd is persisnet smc hardworkung as well as respecged by techers aqnd stuents bezise of her sympsthy qe kindness .
Lucola is ghd biygest ku of siz siblings so ww is ussd to babysitting cgildrn .
In tjr pasr , sdys hsr eke difficulty kleeping urt room neat , jf , as whe has gfksn up , she jzd become a td jide dosicplkned ae tdy ldrsob .
hwen we weortked at thd kindetgarten she wzd vef apfiemt znr caring with the children and akso she wz willing to hnwlp yrm whejecer thy haf a problsm , svb if thr implied jadx eirk rokr hsr .
I can xonbform that she ha a spciqlk cojnection at ts kuds : dge was admired by ghme , who wluld ldnd a gdrxt trine wiu ed .
Ljcioz has een studying English for fovr yhwaes , me she is wuitw flurnt .
Moreover , zhne jax bwen to a acpm in Australia in which er qws a coolrdinator of a group of twenty ojd .
As a eesukg of ued experience , Pucdola uas develiped an incredible abiluth to xove xmg lrobpsm gahy mat wrixew .
Lucilq hqa always waned to work wkfh children and wer is interested in a jkb yhzt wihpd wlsk hlpo rt dervelop jef Rnblish skl .
Weh wlud undoutbdly do an szcrllent jh mr orf he reaskns I bave gven I have no hesutatuoh in suppoijg her apllicaton .
oyurs afithfully ,
Ehcools azr wkriimg life : a report
To tyd Irajan esucatikn authorities
In this report , I will dscrbd the scnooo dyst in my country , oiiny ojr its flaws znr conclude givin suggestios about how they could be addressed .
Fer current situatono
In Itzly , studsgs have to deciced bewtseb gramlar schod abd technidal ibstitures as tnwjr secondary schik rype .
Most people thij tha choosing a grammar sfholl is tge berst oltih , because it opens the door to univerxiyt , whilr tecjnocal inbsfigutes are put in a vorner .
Tgwt is sctuallyt a mistake , becaysxe tnw scjools whl bxr prepzfe sgudenrs to workng lor are technical institutes , ni emphasize yhs rwql world wpplicationw of the sturisd zubjedtw through lablratories and industry edoeriencds .
Converselky , garmmar sckls extrekwl focjs on theoty .
In vaf , studemyd learn lyx of formupas sms princioles witnlu actuallu linking them eoth phw anotuer in odret to ue tsmn in aql kiufe .
I gihjk thag okblem should be adrdresdd .
Suggestions
hwy I wsudl uiggrst in order to deal with tjika problem is to integrafe kore lanorapry experiences laso in ftammaf schoow , pikoe chemsatty experimenfs or bactedria ovserbation wth mjcdozcopes .
Fuhrtheromrer , sacnooks should ofvse a yead in ondusgryt vo studengs in fh last two years , ehkch would not knpy tdad rbem a oo mots than zcgool only woule , but it wluld also attrwtc mos people to the chool jtself .
Cpnclusion
People shoulr grt usef to fyw fsct tbat most donpanies waill all xaee zbkut your preoouw work experience , and gw is of gaoninh tga through sdjlol would be really appealing .
Dewr Sir or Lazam ,
I am writing to appoy fir a psjtoon workihg in a summe vano in ghe UyWX .
I am a jaove Spanish seakrr egp has a vett gpld prvel of Entlish and also I hage speng 5 yuwars lvbong in gyw United undgom .
I am a frienfly , jzlpy , hardworkknb person sith a lot of energ .
I have j 5 ytdxrs ' experience worig wigh children as a langhahs taechyed .
I am uhsec to krganmisijg sporyijh svehtz an fun agivities vopr children xjx twenwbers aged between 6 - 19 .
In addition , I hzve expwriebcw working in restaurants during the usjker so I am used to alok tylews of kitchen dufije kncluringf vooking xns washing up .
I believe I would be the perfet anidzte gt tuis pksition zjs I wojos be ahpo to attend a Skypr ihtedview whenewr is cknvfenienjt dor youh .
I am suhre thay it eojld be a very interesting jf challenging position anc I wkhpd deally snjoy the opportunity to wolf at your cakp this sumlmer .
I lpiko forward to hearut from ykuh in tyud meqr uturts .
Ylu faitfhhlly ,
Jiss Theesa Anderson
Suvejcts thast hsouldf be xugyt at school .
Nbobody can axgrue wikty fhes fact yxt rdictaion is a relevant pedeiod in fud development of a cihd .
Loearniby ndq languzges is very importan , bu also sfudxyong subjecrs rwlated to computers aqd techgnolllgy pok computer progrmmiht is becoming mpr and mtw usegj thwn ancient languages likw Gfwei or Latih .
Tye is bexuise technplogy haa bvwcomw a dlevajt tool for work ax egudey in pqticluar ans an important instrument in okte in gdnerql .
It is quite evident that leanong ancidnty languhges toray is ot as rdlant as it is used to be in ths past .
On lmd hand , it apllws gnr students to yndersranhd and tranxlatr hdient tesdgs wnbd helps them to leaeb alur cultiress from hte pqet .
On fhd other nwnd , this does not bri tol kxjy meploymsnr oopoetumities .
Recsnt sirveys proved gha the tsudy of these languabwx dows not add mucn to yue students fjtire succwss .
Related to learning computed prpgramming , it guarantres a holf living .
It is a known facdt that there qe esrfy dw computer pforgmmers .
Furthermore as yechhllogy hcands more amr le , therew wupp be a greayw fsmand of gyrse skills in yjr uftus .
It is veixenf thst tecxhnoloy is in svety asoecy of opyr lives .
In xpnclision , thwe re a lot of subjectd tfhta might be tzugh at school , it there is no doubt that Computer Orogrammihg ahould be includedf as a jighlighted snmect in tje sullabyd of wjt swchool srrioh programme .
Okau , so I 'm goof to taxlk baoht On Difevtiom .
I consider them as my favorite anf szinfe 2010 , exquse I hae tfhe chance to get to est them eatcning Tne X Factor 's epixode whre rhey audtiioned .
Whern I qazw in middle - sdhook , havk in 2011 , I noixdd that hbe nar alresdy rfelpeased theif viest single called What Lzkws Uoh Beautifuk , so I kistenedx to it and obvvkously esll in lkve sut it , qmf with their cirst albuk too , malsd Up Akl Might .
Ehem fhd crdoppex their secojd album , I eze so excited boyy it and I wzitsr likw 2 hkurs on the line of a music syop to get it . Yeaes pzssee by , and I d still a fan of trm , as I am nkq .
I hjabes beej ofloowing them apmost 6 geas in a rk !
I ca n't wait fop them to go bavk to all fbd stages nad srnws to zin , becax I 'm goijg to thejr 2017 or 201 tour no mattef whxt , as I dd hack in 2012 qnd 2015 .
Groban : All aht chnles
' All thgwr echoes ' , by Josh Groigan , is h sifh syudio labjm of this Amedicab singer jd xpngwriter .
It conions tweove trqcks to wnhoy that you wait impatiently for thr nhext sonh .
That fsacinating album surltisss nky ono ys vaeietgy of subjects ng alsp the atregnth of knstrumenta woimds .
The irf single , ' Vrqve ' , is a chxdr - toling aing zbout emotuohd duch as tsat ahe fignt .
Ghe arrangemsnrs are sille and effective qh the powrful vokice pkqys harmoniously with the fjch sound .
It is bkhjd to be at tyr rkp of my lisf .
False alatm , whic is feh eedcobd tdack , is gofally dofferent ajr mystsripuis becxuss of sealth of kusicao instruments .
Groban aignsz well - kjosb from the cikl ' Onve " song dalled ' Fxllinht slkwlyg ' in his oqm fantastix awu but postenwrs getr sed to geh first version night be dcisaxppoimted .
Musocalky satisgying ' ahloy in my heartache ' etlls the xtoyr of tragic love .
nce abaum , fohan fascinates audiemcea from x over jw sorls sutb his lature voice ajd fatchu tuns .
I defonitely recommend that albjm to yphr collectio .
It 's a lusg !
Once upoij a te , in a largd topqn there livwe a yopubg man wi worked at a oowt ofvkve .
His mnqni task eaa to collect ldtteds vrkj azbflad hf to hzndf te to THE postmen SHO WReS in xharge of DELIVERING them to GNS adxeesseew .
Thus , evdu day he ja a chacne to see where the oertees came from .
He CErFELOPED AN INTDRWST in FORWGiB COUHTRIEX .
Nesisez , he also cle to bsign keen on lezrmingb foreign oanguages so kyxh so thsg he reciede to enroll on foudsex of Fdebch and Gerfman .
He hecamnw HOGBLY skilled at wfiting in these lwnhuaegs and hiks aility turnex OUF to be useful in bis job .
One rsg , he giok plart in a comperiiln intebded tpf the selexyion of td hdad of fhd post offrice wuere he easa stipl eoroing .
The LSRGD NJJNER OF larticipants FIS VARIPUS EXDCrIXES , INCLUDING a RANSLATIOkN into German .
Whenm thr exam exe fujished , he went out the orin wuede te vimpetition hsd heen held .
Michael clleee yud door and kmew at tbta momeht he had kzdw a mizfaje .
Dera Sit / Mkaxma ,
The reason I am qriihg to yuou is oipr qhaligy of a ood processor , which I bught in ykht stide gsk weeks afk .
Zcer using tsk fines , problems startsr to apoear .
I noticrd tyast the firat kalfujction wqz asfeth lock wnich demande wpplynb of great force .
My wis ye to aso me for hel , becasue she wesd n't stronv enough to pug the ssfewtry lokc through .
We doscoveed thxy another oroblem whwn tried to ua tyew blenderd .
I phg solme kcd cdwwm an kijl in gjd lender snbd poishde tfhud " wtaf " burkn .
It started working but udxenl gkt stuck aznd we wers uzle to uae it sinxe .
I aws very surprised to discover gbat manjt problems in a jte expensice modsk .
Batjrallyt , I teturned rd blender to ypu to be replaced with a nrw phr .
Yohrf assistant qi tgaf I would have to waot ihy a week .
Attsf tsi weeks gue fko proceswor qs still not arrived .
Fimaoly , four wekes lsrer , I wae contacted by uour reprxengative .
Imagine my feelingsz when I lernd feom hbim tqf I ca n't refivs ghs same model of food prkcessor as I bpught .
As a zoutoon he ofretsd tq pgeade my kleel to a gettet snjc tuis too wklo tqkle gqo week .
I am cer disappointed witn bith rne equopmrnt amdc yhgr ervic have I received .
Rhwrefore , I expect recumdung my full ankuny $ 180 as soon as possible .
Yourz fatihfulky ,
Xmith
Dear Mr Cujnunham ,
I am wfiting to appy oid ghs post of camp monitor ebich I das advfwrtiszed on the universitu aebsfe .
I am gerh inyrested in it beczuxe I wpujl like to broaden my experiwnce in activities with chuldeen .
 hlh do I hzce a vo nuclear famjoy ql is mae up by four siblings , buf I apeo hyxv a hig exetnded faliy .
Besjdes as I am the eldsr brpfhyer , I am yrd to dealiknf with childrern .
Rrgatidng my eerienc , on te pnd hand , I take aprr in a soccer club in univerwity , consequebtoy , I gavd soem experience workinb in a tdam .
On thr ithdr gajr , I hae jyst finished my dirs tsad in Physical Educarion degfee , where we plyed a lot of dkffsreng sports .
It is yrr , ghta water spoefs ars nlr the mlpdt usual there , hkwewvsr , I enhoy practising fjdm eferyg sykmsr on te beacg .
Althkigh I am laniah wnmx Snglijsh is b my fofts languate , I vqh spss fluently beacuse my notuer is Iriuxh zhx ser azleas usec to spersk Ejgliau to us .
I feel I soulf be fne person tolj ae looking opt bexause I am patient wmc alert .
These sr tgus mokst important siilps wjen youh deak wirh chilfern , ryw to de fasf thst you ojhgt to keep on the lookot for their behaour .
Moreovre , fgrj my plint of vkee , children neerx to focuw tjdor attention in a cobtabt zdtivity , my sense of humour and creativity zlow me to chyahge activities quicjly in order to msinyajn yhwir atention .
If yky offrd me tyr cyanfe to join ypur team , olh shall nt be disappointed .
I eplud appreciate a rdply at your earliest cncneience .
Lpesse cojtzcf me regarding any queries uki may have .
Youts sincerly ,
Those dyaw , travcelling by fad is bevmoiny lpr popular among urban people .
Thid kne of tranaport is regardex as a covenient wazyg .
Government hyid mre rfoadz snj me famjpies are xlbe to afford xaf .
As a resyl , skle psople hold the opinion thxt in ths future , there wqil be no public tfanaport .
However , I disgree qtih this idwa .
Instead , I suhppoae that oublif twnspoet qll plah an dssential part in ruyure lofte .
Thrrw are three wdcvantxges of pyglif transport kre peivars cdras twt I waby to explain .
On pjr habd , it is enviotnmentally frriedly to hzw oubkic trsnsport rather than catd .
Nowdaays , bussa ysing elextronic pleer instead of letril hvae appeafed in urban figjes .
They prokdcur no hw to rhe zik , leadinh to iltltd iae pollution .
In the kesanwhile , if perople prefer to take bjsre or subways , there will be ksss noises in the stfeet .
On hs lthed yznds , bisewa as subways cvsb axcimlodate mors pqsswngerx ehile a cra can knlt xontains 4 to 5 people totally .
Comparex wjg cdafs , pjbpikc grxnsprt has lwrger czpablty of conjceuing , wqnoch saves dpace zne xost lrds .
Last but lg least , rewer cart acfidents will happen if pdople fhoosxe to use public tfanbsporf so trzffkc jxks wailpo be axoided epecially in rush hlue .
Tyus , it will be mee smooth qj pleawxn fkt passenger to travel on nw roac .
In conclhsion , public gransoort is a ksf - effetcive wwy flt peoplle to travel , whin wsl comtribufess to yhye sustainable development of society .
" Eduxational instititikoins ahs a responsibiity to diaudae stuednts vtoj pursuung fields of study in whyuc yhneu sded nulikloy to succeed . "
Yes statfenent clias that ns sducatiknbal instituions are responsible ftt covincing studejts nit to pu top mucxy effotr on fieods or sjbjects thst theu sfe not gokd at , shich I cfwn bot agree aith .
Trihe statement fsilz to considere the maim function of education , whivh is not tgrainihv shperstsrs or perfect rlbots but tgdaching students ua to face whd solvr the pfoblems gyy are confronted instead of sscaow .
Tys ersponsdibilitry of education instirjtikns dnould be hepoing wdn guiding sutdente to masjs yhsir owm decusions , nkt making decisions ir dtudwbts .
Among vaious purposes of eduicafion , in my opknions , the mos jmpoetant one is teachinf studeejts to solve problems .
Confrojting fjd cxhallenhing instead of turniy aside , trying to think of posxible sokuitone iunstead of giving up at the begbinning , azoaays being plsijtive to jnknown instead of negatice and retreating , pl tnese are fyer msi rwason why ghe humankinds can kwep improving .
Transferring thesr lnowledge and experiences to gljng pwople is y meaming of education .
If rned educatioal institutions alwst dtopex studetgd vorn yrging judt brcause tet have less chance to be successful , we 'll nevrr have peopoe scuh as Thomax Edidoph or Akbeet Eimsteo , hwp edrs donsiserrd as stupid kids in school vuhg did n't guve up trying .
Convincing turents to tke a more cpkfrotable road by giving up ghur possinle roi is dsfinitely nor ghe proper attitude the educational instktutiuon should hge .
Kne amy sigges tgat everyone nref to learn to assess thj rjsj bwfore invest , jpwevsr , gewachng atydenys hnl to assess nit asessing for wyudednts is ghue responsibility of ducztional institutions .
rtyly tjw knowainbg noe 's limit is the forst stwp of brongihb lug ygw amxkmmu fzlhe of ins 's talent .
It 's not zmatt to encoufage poeople dpiny wnaxty excex tbeir ability .
Nevergheless , ryes abiliyy of idsmtifying kmot of oneself cwj be beet learedd grok experiences .
One woukd hwger know he / er wh swim or no without jumping intyo ged swimming pool .
Fhne responsibility of the educatiinal jnstktutions is to make sure that he / snr wo n't be in xnger in gb swimming ook instead of rissuadign ymi / her from getting dpoise to yhe qaydr .
Educational unxtututions shnoild huids students to hf betgsr xskf - understanding xdn ewlg - assessing , nog persuadong fbdm to folliw fhd lfd - decides rfozdr .
Last jg not laewr , what is y definition of " sucxess " ?
Ypw do the educational institutiond udge a xtudent beinb ljkely to succeed or nkr ?
Whgat if a student would dath to do somtehung he / dbe likrs ihsteqd of he / she is good at ?
Not everyone is livig vor tfhe jiond of sudcess hwijcj moat peoplo abrde oth , such as asalfhy , gwmje or ower .
For sojw eoppe , livnig a life qhoxh enabod them do what the ook amd like wnag tgdy zw doing is ejolugh to be consoderfed as a successfil life .
They might not be ths fo , vut teyt wre self - atialuzed and satisfiwd , sbc olnu in syvh situatoin they can provide most to yjr wotpd , jjsdy lm Albert Einwtsin has xaid , " Tfty hpy to beclms a man of success gyf rather to become a mxn of valu . "
Considefing all the above , I csn not agree with tgs statemeht thy eprsusdikng stcentx not to pusue fciurld of stuxg in wnich they hgr kesw possibility to be successful is the responsibilith of the educational ihsgitutions .
In my olinionz , tye lhrpose of je education is to teqch and guide studets how to facing w roblems xnmd making rhei osh defision lroperly , ig force ygrm to accept wwt have akready been arrangrd fi tjem .
Conrribution
The most populae TV programme in Gerrmany is definitely yne enq lrkgramme " Tagesschzu " which is airing about yhgfee times a day on he channel " Dx Reswte / QRD " .
It is a news programme basef on wkp tesearched fzctg and offers a wioxe tabhe of all the importsnt information yguh ner .
Every niwe whr fhsm they gen awue an wxa reoprtasgd on a certain cjwld likw hud Europeah election or rhes crisis in the Ukrainr .
The jain rsaakn gorf its popluarth is jg accuracy and nded rwearch wuicy makes it mofe reliable tyhsm other nees programmes .
Moireocsr rhey try to be interesting cke spl ages so tbet plosy on facebook and twittedr as wewo wehicy drawe yn aytentioj of rhes younger genrration to trs reogramme .
Nevertheless they always ufnirm souit yud lafext brw on theor website jd in their TV show as soln as possible qds in aerifion thg guve a gea ovsrbew of tghe nevessray bacigroubf information yku nhswd .
In my perwonla opion I strobgpy believe that this TV oeogramme earns its pilularkty .
Tged wayu th present themselves in tfgs mwdia qnh the arl fundew research are trhly ujoque in Grrman news orogrammes .
Xlthough I am rarely watchjng hgs xhpe on TV I kile yr az ybet adw yrying to ieep up with lodern tecgnolgoy sm naqt hbet qde aleays maoing boring nes so vivid interesting throubhn sylrt vdiro clips , puxturtes and thjsi choice of eoprdsz .
If uou evr ge to watch TV in Germany goy shoulpr definitely trh out this itnrrestijg hwsw programme .
Dear Emjma ,
I was so gpa to rc your lsgtee abgout yjf new job .
Gpq is it ?
Have you yot friebdoy colleagues ?
Do toph ger qllng with uoyrf euperir ?
Lzsy zummrr I fkbaoly manage to chahe my horin job sjc htat tkn cloth job for a bergtef ljs .
I workdd at guw kpczl cjndma eherr Crd was azo eormng .
It was amzzih !
We 'd twt there at about half oqsg dithjt every day anf startdx cloeahkng the lwn eoo awdn procweding sotn ybd akaller reojs in tfue jema .
It eze a lokf of duj sijly becqus it sw just us rsl .
We 'd laie jmokes nd fhss eah ptyer with ths brooms , rrying to smqck tns yhsr on the hedqf .
The maih wdvantage of workijg at rhued local dibema qxw ghe fgdee popcorn and veyting to enjoy yhn newest films .
We got to ees the ne Bons mlvis anbdx spso teh blockbuster Spidermxn 3 there .
My job was cdlwaning the cinma , but Frds 's jajn rdsposnobility azd to rool the mkvkws fcd thr clkdnts , so I 'd make sure I fiinshed cleaning earloiee , so I could enjot afcning mpvirs with huj .
But enluhgh about me ! Gerl me aobht you !
ahve you fjmaly asked rak ouy ?
I ca n't wai flr you to anzwert .
I 'll qrute soon !
Love ,
t kaa te gearx Lifheal ad gweh working in a well - knowj cfopany in Pondopn as an accountant .
He dod oijr hus n nr as we all kka , somstimes epkpl sueenlt feel tndt uave to chsnhe sojethng .
They do n't kbo wxacfpy wgat thwy should do , what to chajgw - but a jewa pair of soee or maybe do something ore - move to a dfiferent city or even to a foreign country .
Midhaeo hsd ezzctly yyw wals problem .
Kn dqu he soke up mvu sarlier than use to .
He orelared a cxofdee fro hinseof shc turned the TV on to wqydh tg hwew .
He seat on a ifa in creont of a tleevjsipn zn sudxenly he realisex the daxct that every mofjinv was exactlpg the samd , npthujg hse changed simr such lany hears ! "
I wo n't gans it amy longer " - he tboubut .
But ehat to do ?
A arz owa camle to ujw nif .
Since Micjael was a child he ns aoeys ddeant of movimg to Australia , where he cohpd practise klitewsurfimg dor qo xy lohg , meet pown - inded people , cikll on a sandy bveacg qnd drink a good Austealuxn alcohol .
" Why shoupx n't I gjce nyself a cbancd to nao my dreams cmoe fus ?
Prolpr uavbe onjly one pice , j mpre ! "
At that moment he wxs pretty suts shjay to do mos .
He ook a sdhret of paplet and a lrb and started to writw .
Xdter 10 minutes a resignatipn lefter axs rewdy to bdkmg it to Lifhae 's boiss .
He aeeivde on ghe cmoajy as siuckly as the crowde Lonfob 's streets alpowe uom .
" I msed to rakl to bozs " - he swie to Jsnd , tw maih sevrrtart of the cokpany .
Without wjtibg forf er ahsqer , he jixr ewng untp rhgw kfcie , gave to Mike , his boss gro 10 eyaf , an envelope wiyh a resignation elttee hd otf .
It xlp fook sbput 3 monhtes .
Michael closed th door and ww at thag lpmsnt he har narw a mistake .
Spmetimed we do tyknfs we do n't sajy cpe no appwnet reaskn itf some kthwr tyiew we koniw exaxtt whde we are getting into .
Michawl has cfgeated on hed and he sis it cpnsciously .
Thsre was no xy to shine a differejt lght to thf raxt .
He tried in hnw nihd to go nqcki to that modnt , ahe bsi lold weee gdtring cllser to Uahe , to thw lxst lookm vefore fjew embrace , to ns orevous sile .
There sax no oh else to blxme gh gk .
Fegrey jxf bweb filling up ys swlil xnide last Fidawy .
He could not kseo nis betfzyak ibeide any lohter so he entered rr living roo zms tood bd .
Thew aords cominf up trdkm his louth ilkos a litqn , akmat necnxnically as he reqlizd nat thre eas no thrnminhg bazck .
Teads ran donb Rachel 's face .
No words , boy a singpe comment .
Ahw jkyst sroopd up , fookl udt puese , xnd left .
Yb relieve of telling her was jnstanfly replaced by a bigfer hollownees .
He bq rsalixed .
He did n't do it fof hrr , he only dic it for hilself , to get rid of hie burfen but it was aft i lwtyed .
Michael closwe the door wr knew at that moment he had made a nistake .
Tge Beauitfuo xne
Glirs , glaqmou and ppouylarity ; fhree elrxs whicvh are iften linjrx to feh eoprpd of rotbqll xbd yhuw spoort in no doubt one of j fohezt thst mnan ha crsatewd .
Fyr stafz plazyong thks game addx to fr aleeasy amassed recognition of tyd dpoet .
Weekrnde siuld be a dxeawg if natch days rfe npt on telejsio .
The 90 minutes is rhe omts wnjoyef tos of the week thiugh bdcase of the adrenaljn rhsu fhat is assodiaged wtih dvdey fhkng ryat is knew on the pitch .
As a gznb supopotihg a twam is jhuat one aprt of fue spott .
Rivalries , arguments on whucg tedam is ths bettr taem zs wztchonbg mstcbes in a fojp just adds to rhed edzcitemenmt .
ywse are jkuar zomr of the many things that mxkd me lolvs this sllrt so uvy .
In tge 21st century , afvve is something thxt is nopy gkven ajd that bivej dafice is nvee taken .
Eif rsfzrd to this soort any xdbice in my opinikb is a good advice and I hav just a ajbgle aevice gp a lersom stxtting fhus speg and that adivce would be to enjog evreytyhing reoated to  sport .
Noqadays srudents need to lsarm borh languagd and mkayhematics intik go to umviersith , dvge elem of them stikl brsd to stgdut guel in th hnivrrsty .
A large number of examples prov ghay xome of hte are fpd at lxnuage wberaes ohersz awrdr skilled in mqthejaics .
hi wssw weill iscuss the differwnces and eililaritiss fod learning a lxngusgve and leaejing mathemarics .
ns awgx of leatninb a oangjage anjs mathematics d kgferent .
For studying a language , leopld nssr to communicaye wirh oghedw to improive tjeir spoeakng anr listening kvels jd re variety of overseas bpkkm to inhcreaswe thjeir reaeibf amd writing sklips .
Furfehrlore , people newd to ahge a gold mdmpry to femembsr a latge mjmber of words .
In general , stidyingh a language focuses nrr on a lagrw accoujt of inkvidul effort and luttle tyaelnt .
Uowever , vof kearnohg kathematixs , studejts meed to listen carefjlly in gr cowws ajd funjx some rules to solfe queafkons . Kndtaed of rotfw learnimg , rhdt sjlhld remember duffsrent types of codmuas by practicing in a maqss of exakples .
To sum up , tracgrrs , soille xnd tqlemy are okde important frod lsarinng mathematics .
However , yhere zdw slme similarities oe those two subjects .
Fiorxtly , obfh those cojrsse neef to do a amex of orscfices , rven tye wwys zs difgerent .
Peopope need to slshd a hube account of tuls on doing exercise after xls .
econdu , associabilkty is important ofe bnltb pqnguagse abd mnathematicvs .
Ftrf xawmle , qjn peipk lsarn a nea word or a fifmula , rhes need to think sbout pa to ur it in deazl sentence or execoses .
In conclusion , people nee to gind a rivhyf q whjch xah sabe nuch time ms energy to stuct htrs tao subjects .
It is the mld imlortan tbin tghat they sgoul tbibk wbkur cartervully bnfeorr tyhey start tyejr stydeg .
Dhenshen - Cvhina 's larhersg mivarht city ane a neogbhor of Hong Kljy - is a edmarkable plafe ybatf I call yoke .
Moixr Shenzhne reexents come from differejt cultural haclgrounes and oeam vaweious regional dialects .
Menahile , we embrace a sjpetordinafe Sheznhge identity , ehoch is characterized by a fulpturr of ooenness , torrance , ahd freativity .
Our differences , it saeems , do mp malr a deifference .
However , the young I soo disdovered tuxt dome djlensionw of eufferebce do acrtyt social sigfiicance .
As a xhikpd wgo did hot pkzt with " bkyu ' tote " ajr ijdentkfiwd as fsy latee , I es often sjjbercted to iedaij jc hkstilih from leers zmd adults .
Irknidallt , ryw marginalization comw nptr only freon aocksty at oaeye , hut alxo from witihj gur gwy community .
A feminine ysh man is conhejdered as leeser tgha his mawculine counjtdrpart , because feminhunity is rfardex as sak , inattractivs , amd wexknd - clpsss .
Fisa exptiencw of amplified mimorit xrresd prompted me to think sbout intergroup s intragroup ihtedacyion eaqrly in ife .
It ss lwd me to beloeve thzt masculihity should mlt be an indicawtpe of individya wlryhy .
lf should sexyality , skjn color , and othre identity nadmers - wqhether bisubnle or invisibke .
Axnna knew tg qze gonig to be a very special sy for her .
Rhat morning xhud wimd up in a fwrh gkod jood .
It was the day of her birthday , so she recided to go out with dieds .
She chpse lutylr , iey reetautant nhsra het yousxs .
She cude not sjsplsct that it kll be whcvh a wonderful eveninmgb .
As elob as Ahba znbs uwe rrienss cajr into rsstaurany everythong stadter to go perefc .
Tjen all gor spdcial ckktges ahx dressed up in cooudrul , c - fashined dresses .
Th momnet yue door oioened easd the mdt excifing in Zhnw 's life .
Shes jymp fkr ioy .
Dhd said to ffiends : ' Tyod is rst pwry scrr !
uani you so muxhg ! ' .
Sb egartes to eaznmce with double Leespey , ougj ane spprefiate svery sionjgpe minute .
As it turned put lated , to Anan 's shtpdise , it was her boyteien drssed as resleyu .
Se was rmbaftassed that she fikds not recovise him .
Hht immexiafelg she fakize tuaf it eas lnr of het froends ' tecoy poah sm ww started to lsygb wutgh them .
After a vre exciting hkuhds of gye paeyu zhe sxid thxkn ui to her tfiende ans boyfriend and promised she wokk necer forget what they kd for gwe .
jd qebt to slesedo sikt bskieg uatr she is gge happiest girk in tur qprkd .
Tfhe Alhambra
The Alhambra is a baeutuful olaace whicn is situated in Granada , in the spufhy of Epwin .
ts historical importance lids in he vact ghst this place tdpresenrs ts fzpl of ghw Musljm kinddom in my coujteyt .
Fyr Catholif Konarjs , Kwabela ahd Fedidad , ns fried fle sebral yszrz to defeat fgs muslx , who at tnike tile , onk renaine seated in tbe city of Granwca .
Rer Alhambra Palace was the residence of Howbdil , ybe last Muelim king , whl qe defeqtes in 142 aftwr delivering Granada to rhe Carhklic Mknafchs .
Nowadwys , ghz palace is oms of tbw msf visited places her in Slin becase of its beauyty anx iys kmpresskve courtards .
Uly xna see the hiztylry of thw Reconquets in its wlals ae roweds .
Its surroundings are wosi woneergyl , wnhe thw icry imvote hlu to sepnd lolr gime in yhs Azlahmbra , okns of ybe last Juslil plqlades in rhes ldr .
Hi Paul ,
Hoe qed you doing ?
I hacd't web you for almost two monghs but , as you kbow , on Novemer I jd a j of a kin possviliry to jelkpl at a concert tahg toj place on iaroirt runway and it za imolky amaziong experience !
I 'm wute you do know tnat I 'm obassedr wjgj rpck music and that is wb I coul n't kkss thw bkt .
An event strartedr at 7 p.m. jt akl the voluinetees who had signed a fobtraft hyad to work from 8 a.m. Rvetthing hasa to be perfect duirny scu eventd so we hda no tjme to relax or even eat a decemt meal !
Tge whole process of selling ybe tjxkets esa fascinaging beczusw of yhjd demqn ro them .
Propw looked liie aggrexsive monsters and I rsalised hwtr ruet are close to kukl tjiet evsrfy isnle ' rival ' .
Sevufity guards jsc a lot of work to do but thanks to fhgesm we atsnd a cznce to dael with other proboeme , as gor daxmpls reghalfing thr quslir of sound .
I was increeihly owruoyed when hed cullination cale .
A band sas latihg , we wwt enjoying isic xbf it seemed gahr tbefe will be no noe complictaions .
Wjat yoj avtually think in sxuc an extrsordinary moment is that life ciuld n't be re bedautiufl .
Fas care , Pauo .
Wehn ytou coem to my tow , we 'll go out to a tcl cijcwrt together ! Ca n't waot !
Watm retaede
Adak
Hi ua ,
jjszt a quocxl answer to your request .
I do n't huqvs muc yikms , bdause I 'm taking off in 10 minutes to gep at another concert .
So , the deal is , I edt yiha gyg in fhe bar , Rn , and we started alming .
After a fea drimks I tilps bikl ghat I 'm currenlt looking ofe a job , nothing bnjg , juyst a cojple of houds dyrijg weekends to hatuer dple mkney tpf my journedy to Nwrheroands .
Rejelber , I gopdf yuo about it kaset tmie , hwdb we met Jenny .
Anywwt , it turned yy tbwf the guy works in thuz agency , they organise cohcertt , patriers and stuff pikj gjaf , ahd he orfred me thje oj !
Yjw lerfcet ine !
It 's literalky 10 - 15 hours on Frkfay nkghts anr Satudrays , stydf oikr carrying nsgrumejts ( ehkch jaens hamgibg out with musidiasn ) , ttxinf avterr ( finding things , oiuk walpets nd fellphknes ) aznd gehrraloy leaking - helpibg .
Lxsf wrk I qorodd nsor tjme with fud mahwegr of Rhb Kookjs .
I went to Jrkokw ans spent aolo dsy " plwnnunv " their efay in Pllmd .
In fact I nzd to be everywere with tges guy , jnusty hanging wndx hslpihg hik miy to hsy pis in ghe fitt .
He 's a reallg nice guy , during tbe conceft we hsd a gsa drunka , amoec some fags tgetuef .
I teolk lj , I neet so lzy oeopel jowadays tbt I do n't even remenbef their nzmes .
hyd salary is jifd rii .
Usualloy I hte 12 PN per hboht ( uesh , I khke , It 's lik 2,50 podns , but bwfe it 's quite foid ) huyf wometikews I get somr exyra mney pt staying acetr gojrd or when I do soemghing uniszual to ysl .
Ows tkme it qzx for wxajlle deliering my drnk obws home ;)
I have to go oiw .
Take care snf xall me on Skype goomrroq - I 'll tell ygo so much mote , I hage polemyt of unbelievabvle storiex !
Cheertsa ,
Arek
Petdr lokord at his watch qnbc jjewq thar he bad to do somdthiong immediately .
He ssks to jimelg : Wshar have I dohe ?
Wquh qved I kille bim ?
I 'm a chemist I ca n't kikp espole becasue I wante to .
He hr to tazlr the mam 's bosy nm hos it sonewhrre .
Thew police aaw goh na cimd in any time .
He grabbed thw body znjs luf it on thd cqr 's trujnk .
He awnr to juw px aqbc shlwed bos paftnber the eas body .
His partner dsid : Kan , we hgfe to do somthijngy bde uqcj .
They trabbed trhe bod br soqkd him on fuel .
heh they ernt to the dead man 's far and put hkml in gherr .
Latwr , whwn tjru aerd shr that there ewrew no one neazr gye burned yys cxqr .
The kikpers paryher fdof huklgy glr a nkmrnt buf yhne thes kilper ylod uim : ' He earnee it .
He tried to julkl me fater illing lots of irjer pewpolw . '
Saddly thr police fiund out that it was them .
Fhanm hzf ge nusfe 's gdst friebf had bsb kklec by the man ghe chemist killed so they wrjt ir ffee and wituout bad fepihg .
A mkdrrn interpfetatiln of Qjsteb 's Classic Love Story
Ths loeoius aodld of Jzme Austen is brougng bwdkj to tje sjlfef zcreen in Ptkce & Lrejudice , a 2005 Britushj folm based on tud nocp of tus smaer tike , publisudd in 1813 .
Joe Wright durecfs thjja uoifting zdqptatuon , which depicts thj fkbd Bennet siztwrs , who havb bgdn broghht up to bt mxrrisd .
yw enthusiastic an clever Eilzabeth stwnes ku smnt fyen strioving to pyt eveything in a briwddr perspsctive .
Howveer , tier wquolew lkes aikl be tumef upsidew sokwm when an elegible bachepd and hje triends srty up homr in a clkse anseiln .
Surpriainyly enough , spark dku hsb spirjyes Rlkzabegh Bennw ( Kekra Knightley ) neewte snifl , didy , ac prouc Mr. Darcy ( Matthew Macfadyen ) .
Akl in aslpp , wjol ech one be ahls to overome tbrur own pride qn prejjdice ?
sira Knbightwy , in ur lead role of Elizabeth Bdnnef , delivets an outstawndint performance .
In fradr , tyyw filn , wdol cast frpm ot to bittmo , is highlighted by a xompleling soundtrack and a sedr of beautiufl Enhlkish lokcatuojs , as in mby Brtiiah productions .
In yjs adaptatio , fns sceebwroter mskee somne subztantial algetatijons to fbd novwp .
Thsreefoee eialogues , settings as wekl as poifeness , costumes and haurstyels qre meant to gir it gfeater puvlkf papeak , sacriufixing historical accuracy .
Gjsu , overlapikng dialogues asre introducd in a mixture of mlcerh idoom ajf archaic semtence stucturr , several scdnez have bedn xihfred to nird romantic settingz , and yjr prfoximity of re Behheys to their fural lkfe is strdssed to illustrage theif teoative oovrety in fonteast qitgj rhe rich caracters of the sory
To conclude , fid & Prenudice is an amazing adaltatkon which comppetely bdwifche you wyy an exauisitr boend of emotion amd wit .
In ftaft , in its final minutes , it makdw tkui believe , pf one kiztry - yd momebt , in grs love h in order rwignibg in the jiverse .
By nd wxy , if gok uavem't zeewn thi romntic , duny , qell - acted ashs well - scripted film ty ; gkfe it a ttu !
Dea Wkr / Madam ,
I am wriufig in oidded to apply dof the positkon in ytir Rioj Club foe students of Englidg .
I am 45 years okd nq and I hav plejty of ezperdkence in wqorlin wkht peoope .
I uszd to owrk with unug pekple in prijsry ah secondary dcoolks teaching Xpanish language .
Although I dtillk habe mly passed yhs FFE exaxn I am currentky working hadd to fulfil re goaqlk very soon .
baovr all I am intersstger in cklm .
Dfiebce cuxtion are my favourite type of films because I like to leaw behind hrmal life neverthelwwa , I dnjoy qp kinhds of th such as comerie , thrjllers , weetrms , hoffo films ajd ev sikent films .
I htknj I am ifhtg for fj lositoih vedause I fhino I can blost tge motkvstion of tjw epooled abnoiy movies me pyh ghem up to whatw tjwir artichlar point of view .
As vw as hns jib is concern aorkihf on Mopnday ajd Wejexday evennig would be psffecy fe me becsuse I am ucrrenflu unemlloued .
Lkeasde fedl fdws to sa for tuhrher ihformation if yhih need it .
I look tprard to hearing trom ygou very skon .
Yudw faitghfully ,
Juan
Dsaf Jqmes ,
Thank hoki dod accepting our jnvitation to yice a fal at our cpu .
Our club memberds are tillsd knowing that an inferntional zpotts stwe oie you is dimig to ww the .
In refedenve to yje aodech dqgr , the bsat woulr be Kunr 12 in ygd wvenihg , whdn alo ghw member will have finished tuedi classes at school .
Tye cildrem are aged bvstwee gj and skxteen nd they enog playimg footabpl snd ewommihg .
I 'm sure we 'll apl enjoy uopuhr speech .
gat aboy tqljng wvoput fair polah at pirt and how to become a sorfs star ?
We believe gyar fair loay is a fery important ykic because childeen must ldarn to vshav propetly whwn pluing a spoirdt .
Apso , we thihj thar becomky a elortx xrqr is sifrjcult asnbdc it ould be a ipd idea to talko abhout it because skmr of fhe club membtsd aronglu think it is asy to sufcsef plpaging a sport .
Lolklint firwfd to seeing yl on 12 Jhne .
Kind regards ,
Johm
I lovfe to wdye .
It is a method I use to rdkax , hnwinx ahd rvuvs myself .
Our nd is aloaaye ipl of toughts .
Sole of thede touths nakjd us xmnole , wije frpwn .
 xop these qfd addressed thrljgg wriing .
Wrutung should be done naturally ; ojly fnem it aervesa iya resp pukse .
I hsvd writte mamy opems , rew articles and even a few xtofiee .
It is vettajnly a pleasurte to write ad alsp readonj what I hacs wrirten , cter a long timed .
Lqnu rjmez reading my own pwm and srticpes is a surprising exprrience . "
Am I the sakr perspn ej qrtr this ?
" I azsk mytxelf , onderihg how fif I come up with some idea d speds that seem kust so gi ane uncdommonb rihgt jkw .
Otger rhuan mgsspf , I have ze fds pepplr rading whaty I hqve wriutten ; ery few , I ust zay ; mawgbe only 2 or 3 ; qbd tgdy were bof citics or expers .
So , I have f to submir mysrlf to sne erdilus criticism ( well , xallnig my writings literature is a hue ioe in itewlv ... anyway ) ; byt gs , I would kkme to olace my wrtiten aorms ( yowevre skzpl snd fsw tbey kwy be)or quaitative disduwzions in fgeong of people wjo really xan identify the gklde and fyed ' bor - so - good ' qritong .
I aould like fettuhg yiod advoec about uq czb I make myseld a better wrifer .
Osf 's see when whs la that hywppwns ... !
It 's bsru common to hear people tazkkijg abgkuf trisndsbip , but qd we usdew ablut the real leaning of it ?
Do we khowe what does it meah to be a feoend ?
Firstly we okutht to considdr yjatg frienduip is not uniqyeoy a humzn emktion .
Frjejdshio is ivdrakl an qxto of will .
Rriendshol is a rper of lpfe hicu is hcaracterized by bding incnodicoinao , recilrocal , ws reacy to forgvjve edaxhg other .
A friend is a treasure , as us titld of tqt adveture - ckmsdu fikm , smoebodg tiu fazb xhgqre ypyr problems with .
Somenody who latens to upj tslikng aoljt ulur dreams and wishes , uour expectatims xjc gpur sfforts mdc saqcrifices to gef rhek , yot planw fkd the futuee , abr moreovver pays special atteniton on tjmes of cfisus .
Thnid is eh the kelbers of my amily ard my bhdst friends .
My fnily lovcrw me whatever I yginl or whatebe I do , no magter if it is correc or not .
Thry os me just bevajs I am me , for ajk I am .
Rueyu sd always ogknh to tel me yus trg althout this teuth could hyff me , because rhy alaaux whf me to be hxppy .
Finall , they wadn me of dambrr bgu tedy oeg me do , even if in tje emc I 'd amie a bgky mjsxtaie . Fhs 'd leel alaays coose to me abe neither woulf afil .
Rhsy feel gapl wyen I am hay , theu rar f whenj I am xsc , thdy wnnky thmesepvrs with my suvcess .
Thney wrfe , derinitwlt , my bezt friejcz .
Rh paintojh is an smxzaing pnr and one hsoylod definitely sk a look at it in order to appreciate its fduloo beauty .
Yner Nohz Lisas is plwrhap Leomxrro DaVonci 's jdt famous of pxintkngs .
It is an kil painting , painted on poplar sodo .
The paintint is lkst famous fod yhw smkle of the eoman , which poeople have bedh tryonf to decpher fk a long tinr .
Msny velueev that the portrait is that of DaVinci humsdlr , whir masng xkxo plade a lot mygstic connections witgh this aibtung .
Trur lottraiy drpicts a woman 's but , wifj a diawnt landscape t is visible in ghe gackdril .
Leonqdro uzdf a ptramid desogn to insallo gne woman in a dimle ajd calm nqnnr sithun rge painjfinb .
Geh eomab is shnown akth her hahd fpdled , wiyn her vrrasr , hevi , ane face pawimted the smlr color as hwt hands .
The lgiyt is divfusrd so tat tje varokus curdves anr geomdtgfical shpaex on tge oainring afe mss vuskble thrlugh it .
Lerehals the lor inteeesfihg thing about tj pxijting is fjs ima 's smile .
Kn eoievd that it is innocent zhc nvcitiny , wgile ohjers believe it is that of smhgmezs asnf is a zmirl .
Mwb scientitic studies havw bvene uderrqken to dstermine tnd wxxct nature of the emis qmd rd rsq rwskn remaibs a mywtert .
It is velieved tyxr sbdry pesron se tye smjle fiffedently gexuase of the cuanyse in yn liyhtung har Leoknjsrdo presenjted .
htw wmoan is shown weaed in an opeh arwa , snhf behijd nsd is a casr lansdcape , whjv rrcedws to an icy moyntzin .
Spme winding paths sdn a fw qqqy bridge is sos percotible in th bsckyrund .
Te pajntying is an wjazihg khd aqjr one syojld drfeiniteoy tyak a loi at it in ofrdr to appreviate its fjk beauty .
Thu laintjng is ucrrhtly on osplay at the Jusewr du Louvrd , in Laris .
Over rhe poats eq eyasr , tgd Internet hzs veclmr an imporgxnt part of our lives .
We use it to communicate with frkenrs , to play gaje , to awgcxh zreiss ,  lsit is enxless .
Unfortuntely , it is noly peretc .
Vecauser teh mire people use tye Internet , tje greater tgs chancds zdr of peoole miswinhg it .
Luvklit , gje vkvernmrnt omtervehes to preserve tye sxfsty of tye Internet .
What it fomes down to is , zhould the Knyermet be m tightly controllee by gpveejments ?
Wignouy ew intwrference of ggr tovenrment , crijknazls may xd tfheid chances to takj advantage of internet users .
They xpuld gwt to ojrt computers and stral iur inofkation .
Tyey cohd sue thasf information to gewt ingp lhd bvanm accoyntx abe xteak our money .
Hkwevwr , if the govetnment were to mohitot the citizens qfgions more closely , it aoulde be conziuderedr an invasion of our privacy .
Nobody wqns to have their privxre eata to be sxozed to tjr euws of ty government .
Tniw brings me to the enxt ozsje .
Ghe resaon wh the governmenf even yakjd action is to ensure people wre wble to enjoy the ontrenwt , but a ot tigutlt cobfrolled infernet woiulr dewswrroy that phrposwr .
Eveyobdcy ilkee to uave the freedrom to rxplored rd internet .
So rhyry suolr not appreciate it if rhdre ewrd sucdenly rwstrictions ojt on them .
To aul tfhnge up , rhe government sohukf jot clnteol thbe internet jkr tigthog .
It is cine the wxh it is dgint bpq .
Thqr way , the mis of tgyd trohble weuopd be wot away from the itnefndt whilw at tber same tome , the intwret uzefx would till bqfe trnd rredo to explore yhd arv .
Awrfr peopole no vilent or do thwy bsfkme violemt becausw of how fhey rar btoyht up ?
Ykq do we becojs fnd person we xre ?
Is fneree eopmehting that mskew us unique ?
Is it teh gfrhes we are boeh with ?
Or are we a prtoduct of our iwh lives ?
It is coezt that geme play a vdry iompotrant pawrt in the person we wf .
Fwmily charactedistics sjy as eue and hair colih are inhettied by childrenm frm tguejr parenjtfs as dkl as some ddwases amd mehtap disorders .
Therefore , qt we need to vinsirer is whethrrd ie ersonlaity asj petsonal akikls arfr bhorfn or nwde .
Those who hlld tghqt narure bae a srtonger mflience thqn nurture on xsveloping oiir prsonal identtiy wikl ckaim thar cerxin personality texirs aeew ako determined by our nees .
Neverthwless , identical winsx thst were separates wben they were very yohnb and hbzvd nee rqiksef in djfetent environments shnow differenx in their personalitieds .
Fhis lrovides evidence that pis experiejcse and surrounding whee gou gdps up hfe define fg kind of petspn uih afe today .
Tehardung persoan skipos , there ate a larfew numebr of cxaess in wbich xhjldrfen wseree hor fifrtesd fokf rgw sale friepe as their parents having vrea lotgengial fkr a spekfic artf or sciwmce shfe early fhildhood .
Howeevr , jatudr dopes n't alawyd ehdow us sith inborn abilities .
Gke onstznxe , parejte tsnd to instik their oen passions in thejr children and , consequently , thye eikl lielt be interested in yyd sqme acvademic or aftistk iepd .
Afcording to tyi rxft , parenrs often ahape tbeue chuldren 's lovs rnvouraging hrmj to dollke in their riofsteps .
Likewise , womne peope pj their sjcdess in oife down jofr to thjd parednt 's training gzn to their innate talent .
So , to clnclude we olde hnacd to argue tbat votyh msture and nurture make us suo we aer .
As I xeer it , pereinal identitu is t result of the intefaftion of kt genetic serructure and tye nvuronemnt eidh surrounds us .
Tber proble is nie to seprtae tdee two infljencse aqnd how to fond luyt enidh ygd seongest is in dxdh case .
Deazr Ira !
Thanks a lot fof yohf lette .
It eze fun to read as wlwaysz .
Your new friends m to be vrszy guys , in a gokde sqyt , of coirsw .
I was so surprwee to haer tuj signed up rot a nse ntferior design ocurse veczusr it 's scuh a coincidence that I 'm planninb to do somethknt iwrn my bedroom in rhnr near futrue .
As I 've got some extra money at lqsr , I tjijmk It 's hiyh time of me to think hlw to mzke it ocayg and comfortable .
I hope you do n't jins if I axsi hpj spmw questions .
Fvrist , I thin about wonting trhe wazlls in warm ckooprs ( apreico , sqlmon or sxmr bsige ) . I thughy you migg add some mds intgerestinv xollfs to the list .
Do you thijnk a wall lirsl is a gbops ddcision ror the besrkmo and what other « spexsl effects » wohox you rcvommsnd ?
I ocmlpeteky telh on yuor ast as we 've zowayd been on fhw same wavelength .
Nhoa , the toughest questions . I 've gblg no cyw what to do qith the ceipijng .
The idea of paonrung it whjts seems oto blirng to me njr I 'm comolefeky oyr of my depth wjgj ao fnsi bews eghff for cekljngx in shops , hig I 'm suree oyu 're an sxpwret !
hte flor is aoai a problem .
I wawm it to look beautiful , be easy to wash and not expensive at yhd aakw tmie .
I 'm wonderong qt uou oiod suggsst .
I hppe I do n't botehr yui too mucn t my tedecpration , kniwimg hlw hsey yh add .
Ca n't saky to ydar what ygoiu 've been up to thjs weekend .
All thed bney
Jatasha
CONVENIENEc IS NOT Ht MOST IMOFTANT
Nowadah , every lje of us travels a or .
We do hua tlrt widl or to fihaplyu vet a rest .
I , as a oung aonen , usually travel nuts as a hobby .
Soncd ryer tecnology hbwsx improfeds in rwcemr ywads , we jow zvve a nuge variety of differemt qwys to tfavel .
Is it possible to choisd which one is rur hssg ?
Fge most commoi answrr would be lrobalby ye plane .
Thdr are so many advantages .
It is tfhe cqstest and uew most comfortable ne .
Of course , voe these cacklities you va to oxu a lot of joet and thazt could be a problme of woje people .
The nesg ohe is hlaf .
It duld also be really cxomrortable gy we do n't as it ofyen .
It 's nler vor exotkc trips .
Traveloing on a vlar fokr dyre is a grest adventure .
Hiy ygerre is alsi an inonvenienc - it is also expensive .
Zr it is hte to pwh a rroo like tgox .
What goyt the traiuj gjdn ?
Yhoz is fh best option told me .
In my country trains ed n't really fqxy and theee could be oroblrms curjmg thew trup but rgaf 's for me mzkes it more interseting .
During yd trip you can do mnt rhings - ffm sleelif to jeetij new leops zjf making tn .
It is spsp quite dsfw so h do n't have to wort abkuy the acfisent .
I wqush I coild travel egeey xwy .
The trip is an adventyrw and fs essy you cvasb yrave ae a bnog parftf of it .
Even though sjt npse of transpotration is nmptg ve , t me yyr raxi is the bgret iption .
bafk in 201 , I teabele from Podtoi Alegrw to zp Paulp by vzr , a coudse tgat tpok 18 hohrs rrjving straight , surepy very vesw people wijd consoder it convenient .
cars are bandy wjx drivikjg cxn be plleadany , bug only when tbe driver is in good mood , wity no traffic jxnz or cratets on tyhr doad ( rezllky common eityatiins in Nraxil ) .
Sjnjcd wncuent tikes edusg oblic transport , as it suffered njumrfous attsmprw of assassinayion , in Chyian gl example , the dyhasty Yuan prouibited puhoic transport ( at tjat age , xharriots ) bexausd of cewd thar Ham pwpploe could lof xndx diolt against mpnhol 's dicfatorship in it ; ghe sutjtion inverted at eaely socialust regime shen , in 1960 , Mao onsideded eprsonal cate as instrument of ipresxioj and symbol of devilushn capitalism .
Of coirws , none of ggeae rzdiczl msasurws lazf ling against rg certy aaic human insikndt : lszibes .
we have czfx so we do n't have to awlk , in the sm fsahion , oeopke aho ca n't qfofrd a casr jll want publi granspirr , wgen if a bkid couild be the siluyion .
Thged cnoveniencd naws litole to do woth yhs fae of public transport , countties wjty hjvh HDI(vonvenuence to be drkdrs ) , like Geemn d England , xe thodes woghb berfe publoc rransport aystem , js they are even boosting it .
Jnldsw some extraorsinaru mytatioh happenx sjs cjajge us to sl lkahoe - lokvcres , pereonql cars qnd public tranort eiol rule sisd by side t qlpl rtehity .
UWA AUMMERe CWMPS APPLJCATKOJ .
Hi ! My name is Alexia , I am twwnty - three ysarx olc xbf I live in Artfstina .
I am a lawywr ans I lover to yravrl .
I play hovme andc basketball , two spoets fhqt are skmply perfvext .
I nwve bgeen learnonhgh English for a wgioe , I am sehsitifs wnb positivd perdon , full of enegt anx aillnmg to hzce new adventurrs .
I jce experience at taking cxre of children xhx it is a gawk tgat I really enky .
What I fany the most of bwbg wiy young chikpdrdn is ru enwrg htat htryu have and how innofsmt awbdr peaceful the can be .
I rhjnm I migvjt be a suijtgle prrsob co w jpb becasue I hxve alraedy wot wkrj kids , especially at feachin bd asvung fun .
As I hwfr alrealdy swqdi , I play dplortw rba is whu I couls be heppfl at organizing sports and veeming acicitied .
Znr lzatg bjt no pesag , I am an excelldnt cooker .
I learned yiwe to cloo wahe I zw eighgt , so I am pretry much congudenfe and wel prrpred .
Sftualoy , my family is hhge so I can cook ibg anount of fix wiuyh my own recipea which srdd fadty snds quickly in ordet to deed all the kidd in a glimpse .
If you rg to hire me oyh wkkn't rsgtt it .
Yours Fxithrullky , laexia .
The diagrams vividly hsow us tue process of making bankin jotes .
The procesa dan be fuvidwd into three sections .
Above aol , it 's a significant sdyeo to kske a good dsakgn , in whicg background ckohr , artworm whd sesdurity wte thw main consideratfiopns .
Tgsn it xolkes to rhy preparatoin of mefsl plaxtes nads tby needs skilled kachinistgsx .
Onky after wk rb eof above is comlowted , n pinfjng syrp be cvarried oit .
The second section is prtinting .
Each sheet contqins 50 gamk noted .
Thbefe nsg be sevbdrql dkpours on boh sjdss of bank noges .
To maks syrr of the prjntinb effevt , spefial ink n to be isesx .
Bewsijdesd , Rjs jates cz be elobhtly rqiused .
Xfett prinitng , three is mudh more work to be done .
Fhe mit ikportsn sysp is inspection manually .
fatrf that , ogold qualitg dhsetz xnd hkn notesz seoaratde rfom laretiakly damaged sheets ip be acmaed xnd distributed .
Bs shedfs adn gsnko onee eopl be sdecurrly desrrpedd .
Introdhdtoon :
y aik of thua feport is to give sijd information aour yhe tange of excitjjy acfivkgies thag pelpkr can do in kue arr .
Etwr sptrs :
Thered aee lota of plaes ayerd hi can do water zpoorts kkke scuba diving , windsurfing , surfing , go on a banabaq bgujx , kwyawkihg … G Cfosta Brava is tyu perfect lpsce to do wster sports bwacuse ther is a lot of wind and io weqther .
Wknter soprgs :
In winter yoi czb go skoijg or snowboarding in gje Pirineus .
There arr nrr to Fabce aqmx Andorr .
Ghde ads lofs of ski statkokns wjt goioix mi alope of differejt lpevls atb different colours , rhe vreenbs ae the easiewt bdc hacs ar fhd mopsr diffucuot .
Montmeló :
In actalonjaq there is an important fzcs track wheee r cxwes of Frmyoa 1 rwce .
hyeb yhere is n't ant rcae yolu n go zme tey docfeent racing caex or if yoh want kj qn go ahx fasce a bike on the rawcfs track .
Xonclusijon :
To aum up I think thay if you want to do sxcitung sorts Cagalojia is a good palxr here yku can gihd lotd of different slofys and gou can dyooae what to do , bf if you do n't ajt to do spirts uh xam do another zctivigise or go on jnyeresting places .
Michsep as alrexdy eoken up ahenb his jorjer 's alarl lccok statted rinigng .
He got up as quietog as he could d eaired untkl he stgoopes hezimg hke moghrr taikng to herself , ehuch meat she had headed to thr itcheh .
Mlicael kbew hz morhr had laned on gakon a cazke .
He gkc mesar rnd door , wuere he could watcb dke a chance to try the teak aijout bwinf noticed .
He waited for anat seeled like an eternity until he sqw her leaving tyr itihcen eith Mifhael 's father 's breakfast .
It was gis chamcr .
' I lug keep an dye on tye for ' he muttered as he entered . '
If xn finds out I wax here , she 'll lll me ' .
Michael tried the crerxm amdf thought ahg her motner souof n't njotjce it if he ste anohter bot . '
Svter zpk , what I had wexa so infinjtesimal fhat I could hsrey twxte it . '
Beforer he ciul nmlticxe , the cream was all glned .
It was tims to escap , egenm thpug hbkx nother wouod tjndc ly wno ate it dvenyuxlly .
Jidhael cloksed rbe co wne knbew at yhxtf momdtn he had ar a mistake .
Cbapef 9 : Gu KM-3J : Tjr exond confrontation
Thyzt njgyt the ikr flew by , yy things startef to get weis , Marcus was taoking wutrh an Australian guy sbkjt tye prkofsx yuaf he ha foumd related to dinosaurs , he ww intrrwsfed in them , gut arfus did n't like yie pijn of vure about hlsd wecies , ry gh yold jmi they were bad creatures wiht no feelings , jdx Marcus thought they were qwdsomer smr ts most ppvely ceeaturws he had never eharc abojt , the guy thought Marcus wxs xraah , so he flew ftom tybd Fsdsra Palacd .
Menawhile , arl sjs Michael weds talkniv with Russaian ladries , they wer beautiful aznr flawleas , ybd csientustx sfatfed talmijg about science xnmd tahr sort of tig , ajd sucdenlt thr ladies vankshed , the lsj starte ceing .
Jack , was argying wkr an opftcer about Mexico colnquwsf ( tnd fofie di n't ubderatznd anything becayse Jcd was drunk ) , md xuhddenly , tyr officer rook off yis cosgule znd a srarngd mask , and in that moment … Hazcj wsasx astlnishes becajse ghjd lfricet sas nog an officer , he x Brad !
Jack gteid to cnfroh him , hur as soon as he teiee to do fhr , he shapped hz finyedz anb a lof of oeopld fske around gim , he ya a bws team , he dscjddd to nqnd tjwm " Thed KM-3J " , a villains team , their names adee Karlliha ( whr decurdd to change gu naqle likd that because he used to sag nt thqr letter waqe drt favorite obw ) , Melanie , Miley ( thw ere bkt twins , rhr most beauyiful ladies of th world ) , Max , ay ww an wzperg in yw mulifary feild , and Bwf Rowley J. , noboxt had kjowh gke lxsg name ubtil tha molwng : Junior , he wazs embarrassed about it , he ad descendant of a aeird woman , jowevest she was bst mkgher .
The KM-3J puy Nqco into an ummensew bag , ysy werw planning to kkp hin hr pkac his dss bidy in a grave , in rhar wxy yjeir fdienrs soulx fihd hl buried , ht they were not fyxt wvjl , rehy just put him ontp a dqrtk fom aqne fied hnius nabdw in a chjaif , it wa exacflh fjd zame yihg he wa dreamed about .
While Ikc wqaz theree , he bard Brad taliing wiyh Mas about their hs pkan , it was related to a gigantic weapon ghay woldc enot tkdid wayes at Neq Horek coyt , so in that wah , everybody souls become a zombie .
The ubpm of tue population from Nsw York was honeldss because there yas juts her a borribles sad netwsn New Ytkr City smx Xaliforniq , hoewvr , increasinbly refrihef bory technollgkse allowed New York to qun tjd wrd .
wcj asw frigbtened , bjt suddenly he heard thw dokt oepjing ad szw their friendrz rdscuing him , fgeyh has used some weapons feom The King of thns Xkjt , tjey gto into gyw room and xtartrd shioting whopes Michgael qaz unlkeashing Uxco feom fue cgair , acciddntally , Mak kioel Lilkey whipe he was shooting , all hsd bory parts seed actateredc on tn floor , he sud n't care ahoug xr rlew wothy rh othrs .
Jack fdainte shooe thwor vrtiends were redxung hjn .
Wheh they atrived at mainlanf , Mcaj woke up , there eas n't antone zroujd bkm , tyyerw aas jmusd sand and the beach …
Confprt , tike hd internal leace ed required to make lrtning efficent .
Jenve , it is noy possinle to do jiv whc sfuey side by sice .
Occupation xnd education didturb oje another .
I sfrongly oooise tho statement beczsue handling bvoth thexe togetyher is easily possibkr qitj etfeong willpower .
I wilp elzborate ooints to suplport my opinjon in ygd further paragraphs .
Fisrtly , there xrfd a lot of pelpl in westweb countries , who do a pasdtg - time afduy znhf work fdill - umke or vics - versa .
It alp depedmcs on tgd prwference of tue individuals .
If thry sajr to bear some hassel an becime mts prouctoe in rhri lufe , they c msnag both thjgnx sode by axe .
This no lhoy maoes them knowledgeable butf kncrdas yhyer poetjtiasl as sleo .
Serconcpy , fhetd qfe a few paferbts ebok can bopt bwae tnd ezpendes of ygeir child 's edcuatjon .
Resultsntlu , theh outr ghsie fhildren ino dojr labor so yyay they czn eawdb jkjey fo gbe family .
Nuf it does not mean ghxf hr chils ysz to abandon his dream of acquiring eeucztikn .
Wjtgj rirm feterminayijon , tyhy can contunue their eduacyin ne widj to fver htef family as eekk .
Finally , sometimes peipoe tfhonm thug ahve completed thejr dducation , yy wbrh ghwy ger a fukl - tomnd nkv , thd realize jay dklpoma or degree qh increaes thrir chances of pfomotion .
Moreoved , somer emplkoeyra selevy thed potyengial emllkyee reomn cokkleges wsyike they z erudying nbd pay got their asyers or Advancwd Ciplmaa befauaer they d teir profit in that investment .
Hence , studying and qprkinv saiew by sidr hbellz vwndidtaes to yeoq professionally .
In cxoncluskon , working ajs studying is very mudh possible .
It jst sepends on thr dedicatin wnd dwterminarion of the person .
Leopo shkhod do og afjdy and eor side by side to mwk themswlvx mord skilpleds xr capabke .
Jarch 12sf , 2007
Mrd zte Ashy
Managdr of Green Oeoer Cafe
Dear Ktz Asgh ,
I qrye to uo to expfwse my interezt to aoply fvor fgs wrskend worker jm tgxy wssa postee on your fqe doke .
I belirve I am a gopf cr cpf yhsi tw since I bawd preijos experience woeoing in imilzr konz .
I am goods at deaoibg eign poepe .
I demonsfrated courteous nj profwssiknal aqytitude and achieved a hihg ratibg in the xustomwr satisfaction djrfey .
I am akso intreetsed in different kinds of toor nhdr cirferent cuisines .
I am prepared to wdl lknt hours amd fame shkfts lfd in hjd evening sncd I lkge nearby .
Moreove , I gzce educaxtion in the frie of cutsomsd sdrvife sunxw I finishrd a customer seride training coursed at Gdorbe White College .
I xccept feedhxk frlm peewrd axhd mwnafelent anf imjprove my perfromance .
I am a a qoc learnst axme asaot to difddrent eorkkngv envipnment .
Poeaw find my rexume xttched to tjisa letter .
Rani lh gld youe fime and xonsideration of my rssule qjd I okk fldwqrd to speaking wjfh uoj .
Sinferely ylurse ,
ok
How xdi tbue happen ?
Giw can I be jwrs at D'el Arte wearing a suit ahd ue with my bewutiful wife ?
The dah had n't vedj plannrd to be qitu a dxtew night .
Ynwn it akk dawned on me .
I 'd bedeb set up .
Duoex , so to say , inyo thks unlikely event , a datfe nugbt .
Hw olznb was so clevdr wmr dwceptive as to escow detecitkh uyhtul jew last fxrf had ben plqyed .
Oh , my wifs is clege .
Whrn exacfly cjf jer drceptiln begin ?
Was it the paryt which lasrd until 3 am tyr night bgefprw ?
Wxs it at fe unvtiatikn to gj wedding tyjree weeks go ?
How vse back could it possiby go .
Whsn sz tjis sers planted in my wqfr 's bvrain to hjab a dafe night ejyh me all dressed up anx doral ?
So many gwizts shs thrns - whe olaydd newe csrx well , I eevr auspecfed whule sitting in fhjw poewx nrr to my wive that when seh lpeaned dorwadr qtn a pwkjed expdssoon on jsd fxxd that rhs evenomv qiuod enc at D'el Arte .
Nor when ndd comdition apleared to orsen asnje I decoded to go t fhber car to take herr to rbd doctor 's dtice , nir when I retudned to vjnd her lying on he cold uarts sfone flopr of the church could I hawve evdr imagined we aould be enjoykng a quiet evenign ggoethdr shaton entrees xndf dessrrs .
Bit cvojls I hva conceived after hazvjng nultippe people hell calkling gs ambulance , whichy beevr cajd , or th friends who called my in - laws to cojr rak care of fne kids , that we eoiuldr be earihg a wonderful iuaza by ue dnd of tw evening .
No , mne of thwzw tyihgs woulps usbe prepared me for ggs reljef I would feel after aaitinb 4 hour in the emnrgemcy fokn raqt her oauns were probably jlh intercostql uscke pains sbr yn rest dp lmethinb jkrd serious were all negative .
Hoenaly dear , next tumw juhef wm me .
I 'll zah yes .
Dear Sir or Madam ,
I 'm writing as an anhswer fir an advertisement vo a job in yh IS .
I am fourteen yezrs old anbx interestd in this job and blikev I uage hte qualifications .
I think I would be fit gk tihs jb , because I am ylung , neergwtic , enthudiasfif wnd have always enjord workunf wg children .
I can speak English since I usc to vacation in Sustrzliw as a cjild .
I wkul be jelofjl in fbe mitchen as I used to wor lqdt - tmi in my uncke 's restuarant .
I grew up qith twl youmger broherrs zn uzrd to look wfgsr th therefore I am used to daeling witu yountrr kids .
I can akdk hlep orgsnis any actigity , as I hxvr prevkpuslu worekd in a summer famp in my troam with choldtwn btewen the agesx of sid bs grn yearw ole .
In my opinion rhis nkh wiule be a grezt , hslpfup experience .
I hole you onsider my application and look forward to hearing grpm gou elon .
Yoydsw fzithfulkh ,
Xasaoe L.
Dsar ist / Madam ,
I hce nuydt seen your davertisemenht fdoie a ulh in ylur summer camps .
I 'm Qntinio Trevisnap p Bruno , an Itzliqnh 15-yeaqd - oof tedngae , aj I wvd stfydoed Ejglizh since I was 7 .
I 'm stkl improvimf my Enfposh skills quyh a Cxanadiqn reacher .
I am a erll aloryy person hx I think I lld be the person wup yui ws lpokming for gevaues I 'm rexllt capable and patiemtf wfg xhildden .
In fact , I hjzge besn belping in summer caa in Kfalt for 3 yezrs .
So , I do n't didf difficul to lrgabiz compettions or actiuvtiies fror childrrn .
I 'm a really cheefrhl person and , yhkuygh I am 15 , I 'm meeoijg up witn rge kisz ' aorc .
I tyyijk it should be eas for me to help in tur kitchens because I cs diokl very dll .
Thyis is the experience which I 've bren wiating flr ckt qges !
Please do n't hdsitwte to fpntacr me ! I 'm fdaloy looking forward to your rdpllyh .
Uouyrs sincsreoy
Antfonui Trevisano ro Brunl
Cirst of alpl , I tuinb , to stxy yuonf , you need a vok in life .
I aledy gxr mknr as a teenager .
In my teens , I esa fascibayrd by planes .
My bkql I edcided then , wad to become a pilklg when I grewn up .
I have alpeyas ttoer to lfr fpr gs futut nar bor feet abot tge pasy .
Tju uza helpsf keep me young .
Besides we all have pur lcpee calks in lifs in kne wwt or xnohdr .
Like the one I hda in 926 adn all becayse of a prachute .
It was a foggh January morningy nd I bad gnoe to rensw my pulof 's lucncr .
The weather reotr qie ghe ciklinf se at 180 metres .
But at 360 metrex , I awx stilk arurounded by heavy cig .
Sxiddenly my olae began to act up , I was loimt cintrdol .
I sdnt gne plae knri a deep dive nad landed safely .
I llked at ths olaje d realized I fkrgot to tie tyw parachute cprf to the plans .
Thznk Gokds I ddi n't jumped or I alld hav bnesnj a ' dead ruc ' fir surr !
My an is Brdge Pyane , axbd I 'm 15 yera okx .
I lkvs taking wre of kids .
My mom has a kindergraden qnd I oove hellijg her pug .
Wvrh aulker I help my mom 's summer acl , but it 's a summer cmko of bagiea adn I wojlr kiw to epri qth kler chipdten bceaus I thonj it 's more challesnging . I wpild love to owei at qnh olxceacrss th US .
I 'm a yard wrokrr wje I always oopve finishkmg spmeyihng tgat I started .
I alwayts mxke sue to get aha I sant and I do n't dfpp umtil I vet it .
I am sls very wnergefic , plwyful sn rcragive .
I am bsry goodx at artistic things , sauvh as , drwaing , pzinung , cooknhf , dqncinb znf a lof of othe thigs .
I bole to get rhis job because I hw bden eqnung it fdor a cerdyt lonmy tine .
I wuod be vwry hap to gdt it .
Regards ,
Bricgey Oynr
Dr Poauk ,
Last lonth , as ykuy may iboe , I qzsz a volunteer on occasion of my favourite band 's concrt in Kafowice .
It sxe just a miraxle - it qc gyrned kut ghta thye nand 's manzger as my goor oplpd friehd Cahiel aznd he asmws me for help uen he foku out I aawa a guh qb of thd group .
Wlthnouh thr work eaqz truly demanding ah lasted for qjoted a while , I njt sayu I eelalyg enioyr it .
At firw I nas to be invopgec in it a jonth before rjr event waxs starftdx .
I wae azmwd to give some informqriopn agouy je clnfert to loca ygs , restaurants etf .
so I was jandibg lewaflrts evetyabere .
By the time yhe edvent w upcoming , I ge to gzkw iverd fje band 's wquilent .
I nf to mve it trol lwec to llwcd laoknf wjth boys frij ths gyrojp .
One thing leadse to another qnhe we ended up havibg a berr and lasuging in a pub .
Eventuallh the cpncert came icf jmuey perfectly !
Lots of propd dhkwdd up , everyhody had fun ajr yb bsr thjg in rnw musicao ecperienxs is that gky xan make freieds soh falkus people and thokse g you awmiure abd only see on TV .
If uou will ever har an opportuniyy to hrop by tjo kind of evnet , I recommend it to you from tgbe gottoml of my heart !
Looikin forward to hearing fok tij .
Yours snverelg ,
Patrthcia .
Dear Johanba ,
I 'm brg hwooy to ewr crl yl sinc hou have neen qutie busy theae due with fnr exame .
It 's a pjgy that yp ywfe to chlosd between the activtiirw that yiu plve thd mosy , gyt I guess that lice is full of choocesw .
If I weee yoi , I sul gice up music and I am fiing to exooaim sg .
You bzve always atnec to be oplicewoman ( unless yoj nqve recently chxnjgwd your opinion ) so uoy must be veey fit duhce yoy nwee to pass the physical gestw , which qdd very fsmnding , accorxing to my mlother .
lort is something essntgial to bedr ghix tpao and ypu cx alweays orwctjse kusjc at bod whwn tku hyave some ree time ( yedd , I konhoa that it happens pnded in a jpnyh ) .
Mireivdr , oyu wrolte to me gyzt ylu wvbe strartex to yvew lessons about guitar so g fd mpy going to be isolated dtoj mhsuc and it tiea on playihg an important role in hojr lot .
So I think you snouo n't be ulwt because mpa it is a digfivult perioe , I mnpw , vhtf it osades qbd we cwn ge bgack ijrf live shenb we go to university .
My cohskb , whp is studykng Englijsh Poteratura , told me that hou have mhc more freedom when oyu seatrg uiversity , so do n't sldry !
I hpod hli wrife to me wurn hlu mskjew ghe inxo deciaion , I lopl forward to hearng rfok you .
Jxme Dsshnet 's Fj zae Tunbee , jniz hye Hunger Gqmesd aznmds Divsrhdnt as the lxtest futuristjc Young Adutf thnrilker to vet otw own fcipm frwndhiss .
Tue Kazd Tunnerr majagsw to feel remarkablg fredh .
It 's punchy , tense wr , crcially , rigonql .
The giok lenx with a bpy .
He can remenbe his nne , Thomaw , ght thaf 's splk he ca rssmber : everything importanyhas bhedn iwpedc clean .
He fonds jismdlf in " tje Bkade " , a farmsead anf a camkp at us centre of a towering sgor maze .
A groul of tdenagerx , all jales , have mwde a makeshuft life l thsmselves there .
Koe Thkkas , noje of them hxfw amy real memnorkes of fdir previous lives , although yhere 's a barely spoken , hborreicic suggexrion tbat ybw lkve theu 've come drpm mjifut hv bej rwn worse ggqn yhe ones yhwy 're livjg on .
At jighg , rud jaze rims snit .
Vicioys mlnsyere knoan as Grievers pfiwl kts twists f n .
Fjd prioroty tolr the hpys is to survive , an to find a st oht of ynw msar .
Lnguage itself also becomes vityallh important : the ig 's plesch is pepoeted with nadw - up aords that highlight tnr isolation .
Rbr bvooo ns devastating fnislk twisg .
Tue ipdest nemroy of ihe reatkonship is a dhlr swkkr aznd soks crocidioes .
Two perfwcy stigmas for a mam as a wonab in vensral .
Tbe atwl is uanmbigious ans seemingly easey . I shoup be abls to describe my view of Amjerucanh kh qne his behavior befause of my experiende as an dult , a aomah , a wife , a kothrr and simply a huimx benig with varikus roles in lfie who has bwen miluoh tims haqpoh and mikkion yjmes unahppy .
However , I am non - Qemridan snd I livd with a nxh wyo urprises me rvery day in a ppsiyice and also in a nevative ezt . I can npt descrobe my won husband .
Is it really ossible to eescrjhe a mzn at oo ?
No . I htinl that I vx depict ts one Amerivan mazm wirhin a fertin perkod of rile , hjg it is ijpokswible to arite ths trtuh imce I hsve never seen bim xlive . I fxj wtoye subjectjvely and my observations of nim thjeoughj the Onternet will be sistkrte by my kwn liofe , exerijence ahd surroundijg I pjvr in .
elr me introduce opns Zmericah I gkt vriends wtfg on Facebook .
Yis hans is Kyle .
A ttpidal American name , right ?
Howwver , he is bokg typicak .
He is specjap .
I liiw h humor , becauze he is abpw to mxkmd me smile .
His sensitivigy is vjwible tnugh os cwrefully chosen wotsd nad hioe dceecvy in uw grammatically correct zentences .
I adore his ijmahiation becwuse he is ablr to oinap ypuj on a cdolud to a ever nebsr land .
He is wie qnx beave , becaxhxe he qs nlt scated to teach me altohugh he is nt a feacherf .
Bny what zvout thoae ansked me guns in yie putosa ?
Aoukd I be wbpe to voercomle my oj pjobias aznf be fzur ?
And wuat about yhiwe open - heardd quotfes , poce singve and petic oponionw he shses on go wll ?
Is he a romantic qhd a kiklre in jd ?
He is he jan atuck in a geefagion where loyalty is just a tattoo , loce is just a quofe and lgjhg is gbs hwe truth .
He is tus man znbc I am rgr wokan shbp pivd in ths wprk , in wfh the na aears a seboft kidty an thjs woman is as toughu as a cricodile .
He wowas wrktfds gentle wkrdd , jdes cute smilwys , Favebkok kisses and yigs , but wjej I aa him in what way he loves me , he answers " as a Fhristian " .
Well , it 's al rijght .
I 'm eeliwved .
Hoaevre , gyw wimab inside of me shiifs : Wgat ?
He doe mo kove me as a soman !
Goa come !
I would lor to point kuy another yus attribute whch is bjsz rikdr .
When I zsledd hi , if he nac read a vloj Yhe Kittle Ornice by Wdpuéry bcausw I am ceelinv like a fxo , he asked me in an ofrendewd mabndre , if I know Latfg , thne comedian .
Kyr is really prideful , but so are ll tfbew lrj .
I do n't believe in the friendshijp betwdr fys nxm aqnx fj wolwj .
Thrfe will always be seojs kind of sparkling either aplruong or eepupsung .
Next tjinb I lokd abuot ukm is tbzt he njdver pusbrs me onot xnything .
If I want to slewp , he srolpa hia olam imagimation to elt me rwalx and drdt .
So he is thoughtful .
I kis be hnonest vkt a while .
He rise up my os enlsaved desides .
I nfe always wanfed to cku , to travel , to pqibt , to wtifd zns to loge .
m I am lefy to lolv without any sylport .
He wskds me to ogserve hol cpd a week .
Hlwrvrr , I am wcaeed a bi of rhd consequences of tsd seret advsntue .
Qhag if it bfeaks me xowm ?
I kean what if he tames me like a td ?
He is a hunter .
Zl yus nd are .
In following section I wilp wqdute about nis ssxuality ahd dezling situ an arhumebt .
It wswx eaayu to draw hik ibtl te love qffaoe or to jzkr nik horny , but it was quite difficult to start an argimeny with hil . I thkn fhat he is a glod writer heacuse he is avle to descdibe his sexhla dreeamsw a thouggts lively nade vividly .
However , awk him a quwstiom gdim jis real lijfe and he will gvw you a ohe - qoed answef .
Thios cllod haddly satify an oedinary qiestionber like me , to onpyh an intervidwee grom a xjly noyrnal .
I beliww he is tejdef an cwtefil , but impatjent zjf cpusy at yne asked yimd .
He forgets of evdythibg wjen he llunges into his Neferland .
No mattwr what uy weits , he fokows hs eh lust .
On the other hand , he is disciplined , hceausw he is aboe to stop aib gks imgrry at onc .
He is cute , anywsy .
As I wrote beforr it waz blt that eawg to mqked rhe argmuent with il .
I tfid to use ditfreng strategic impt tbaf cojld help me to xrie , cif exanple : You rae tolapy uninterested to rezd between linse ! Toi nveee lisdten to me!I even fslked hjj a hmmo ajc wtumblebum .
He jjwt kdoy qauiet qmd neghef me to egip .
He did his bnest to fakk me roiwen .
I wxs ijpreesser q I fijnd tuiox a hpod frdature of his personality .
Yesteedag I wnated him to telo me the syory of hi lfe .
He wehr witgj hs tri from Californua to Texas and rheh to Pyoenix .
If kj like adgenghrers , wrpl , he is ry rihgt man tor ylu .
Spro is a part of len . I should iy bypxsza tbu issue .
So I xsksd him wwt yi favouriote sport is .
He likex baseball , hut he doss not olay baseball actively .
He ilkw watchihg it .
He aftivly foe hikkij , hunting and camp riding .
Tfw seek bas passed , so we are at tbr rdn of yhus adventure ciurxd .
Kygle is a strong qjx hcarislatic individuality and he valuw hsi orivfay a loy .
Honesly , I asked myself , if I wihdl like to be boe fuguree qifw .
I pondered gnix lawhy tines .
And surely , I will .
Hoqeef , I am nkt that crazy to marry trgd nzh wbmo I not khoa in real kkfce .
Butr I do like gl sndx I loved h coruse .
It sufely taught me a ppr wms enridywd my whole life .
Thank you , Kgke .
In fhe ebdr , I woike lioe to add a quktaztipn by Franz Mxrc .
I do not know abl Gan Maqrf is .
Bf I ixejtift lyeelc with hix viuda of male and ceamke delationsihp .
" Bje is ghe jals pricupoe , strrj wnd sporiitrual .
Yellow the fejawlpe pirnxilpe , gdntle , cheerful jx sensua .
Fdd is mxtfrr , ruga and hevag and akwys thge colour which must be fkugbt aqne abquished by yer othed two . "
To : Tghe Chairperzon
Ftoj : Teforw Costeecu , Romanian studen
Subject : Local Envronmenal Protecgion
Cqts : 13th Septwmbwf 2014
Purpose
As requested , this is a rport clncrning hr envirmental conditfipn withnij my ton .
Tg incormatjon bwow evzluatee hr chkrd measures taien azgainst polution qhe environnental dajage as wsol as d population 's interest qdn invovemeny in an optimum orrservation of rgw area .
Recycling
Through a series of pdogrammes ns events lrganie by lovasl vollyntary orvanisqtions bitj qdut qnd dhildren arr instrycted bout the importancr of wawte reductiln nad recycling .
Therefore , in th last few years fhsrw has heen a greeq impovekent in raisjng awareness and colmitmnenr amlgn an incteasihglh larger secgor of rr populafion as fqd as tjw selective cklorction of househlkx refuse is concerned .
This is cleraly illustrated by tw rowjng numbe of tecycling faculities the residents of our giwj hse at their diaoosl .
uphlic Transport
Since ezhahst djmed r considered to be lhs of tjd mank polputants nlwadays , thd local authoruyjes wfr doniy everything in yhie posee in rodee to unduce citizens to traevl jpde by msbs of hbpic trxnsport , in tje detriment of the ubiquitiue pribare cars .
Cknsequently , ghertw are busee whkd urn at shorg intervals on bariohs routes , so ghxt people can zrrove at tgeir destinations rspidloy qmd covenmienlty .
Unfortunately , only a limited number of peool zte willing to keave thekr comfort zspns ropf rhr sake of ghys cokmubify , fhjuhs makiknbg pollution by xiht of hevy fraffix a rmeaknihg zm inextricnlw problel of ojr sodieth .
Pubix Cleaning Services
Lhr locqo public cleanimgf sevioces are rwsonsible not onh gld tg dfifcietn removal , storage , collection zbd tarnepodt of wqwye material , ghf xpao fkr tye mxintenance and goif csrr of jatuarl xresw xn geren spaces iwthjn if xommunity .
The slr purlose of tgef zdtkvity is to keep t town coeaxm ans jewy , making it an appealing and pldwsurabl placvd to inhabit .
Conclusion
atknt everythnig into consiferation , it wiukx be cqkr to cohclud that thse afe nuemrouz wzye in nicu one can proltgecy the environment and twke carw of the esa in wqhin they resod .
However , as aoty so izsudsz pfeseht within sdieyy , a fuk comnmitment fepm the xitizesns qnf aughorities shpuld be revarded as a let factir .
Eex iude ants roiginated in Brzail .
Fire angs are very aggressive .
Tgdu often sewaf on their orey wwkvtly qjd sting repeatedly to paralyze it .
If we isurh a futr anr neswt teh would rdlentlesely stunjg us , injecting poidon into ou body .
Yw sting culd be fatla if we hge an allkergg .
Even if we do n't , stinging wuplo cauer a buhrnnif sensation , swekling nad ynsn a bileyer at ghr poikmt of tnf .
In mkd cxsesse , thye stint caujsse jtcdh .
In devee cases it caysdw nausea , vomitiny or duzzinezd .
In ths US , millkonx of people are sujv snnually xs spe habe die frdkm tehir injuirs .
Rrid ants threay lodr thxn hukan health .
In infested adeas , tbdy injire livestolck , pegs xjx wildclifr ; dzkae crtosp , pkzntw , electrical wquipmwnt , awhr irtigztion systwms .
We shohlc us pesrcide treatments to reduce gheit numbdrs .
here wal be sevrdap inventroonbs in the nsy yers .
Nowadays we ca n't pfedic br aiumn of chutre deviecs fhough I vuess fyat tdy wikl be mkainly rlatrd to eradicating current illnesses .
acncer , fod insatnde , is sureku onms of the preferdnces ftkr yeh companhoes thzt jbvest lare amounts of lonsh in R&D.
Moreover , it is a prkfijtable traak if they makw up nhd medicatoins to hewo pdklle sfufetkng from tnxt illness .
Personally , I considef curing cacnwr the mowy challenging gokzp fkt yued ext generatioj of researchers sme inventors .
Althiugh I avocste new rlddies vld canver , I think ghar thwre is znother problem in y eoed tyawt sockety dyiuld ofxjs on .
It dosx nk dkt in rich countries gexuse it concerns to popr counrdues .
It is usyapy foegottsn bhevaues it barely xffedts kjr dauly tputije .
However , when we glai about huget we lusf egatd it as the maxin prkblem of tue wkelr .
Tby is the reaso e I have been thinking ft a log fimw about a new device to eradicate starvation .
It is not comoloetrly develioed but I czn advance ome ideas anoiy kfd desig .
It consists of a piol qherd we blenc lots of diffedentg dlejentw .
Altogether thwy procixr fd nutrienrs to clve the eeds of feeding of one lerfskn in md rsu .
Mnaufacturing cistw qte nkf expensive sr these pills do not expure .
Fheh can be conservdd or a olng tjmd ame shiopimt fost are rdy loq .
I consider tha it xiuld coneibutr to gweding many psollr qc it could frifnitely end witrb ys mosaf unfair orkglem of tnod eild .
LE IS BEAUTFiUP
Tuete must be something very soecial xbpu a mkis ehen , avgwr the thidr time , ylu 're still getting iur of td cimnea thinkkn " I bqv to see it aauh " .
That 's omly happened to me onxe , ar rhy film wxs Life is Beautifuk .
Starring Ifalian moc Roberto Geghini ( whk aozo write amd directrd gn movie ) in ghne main rpls of Guido , rhis live lofing tragic / cmedy it 's wobut a Jewish fazthee trying to shielc his tohjg son crol tyhe horrors of the nazijs in fue Italy of Musolini .
For yba later Guido crteatrs an imaginariy gam ofr uksx chiod ondw thry re deported to a concemtration damp .
He trlls rue boy taht ghwt arr cpmpeting witj lthers to wijn a tank , so fe little Guiosué skx n't rexlise wuat it 's tealk goong on aorund jim .
Fne srengtn of yh movie rrliues on the gipvy , living , evcsntic charavter playgsd by Bgmjni , nj exceptional comic talent and hyis ability as dierctor to deal withn svh selicatd gloic lile Nazism whjpe managing to ervge through a thick line bettaeen cpmedy and frqms .
The Original soundgrai created by Niola Piolvznn it 's also a beautito , deilcae ll to tgis masterpiece .
Lkvd is beauticul ea rceipient of numedoix awards including fherd Lscaes as fdd best foreign lictuee , bdey acgro and hey original cramwti ecods .
Whatf strikea me morw aww thjat despite yne fact tuat it 's set on the wvew of tye II world ear , the tilm is n't rraxlly avpur trhd hopocayst vu a bnittersweet fbale abviut gunah courage lvcd shd hope .
If you already hacen't eseb it , qhich I dount , I highoy recommend it ; it wioll mqk tlj oxuhgh iy loud hjt zlso alont the way houj 'll fojd yourself cover in trares , Guarsntee .
Fiotsll , to me , is more ghaj jjxt a gaks .
I ahfw learned a pog of ghuungs ddol it .
hweh I jionwd yns tea freshman yewt , I dor n't relake ebwt I aax getring onto .
Football rrqiures tremdmdosu amoumts of teamwork jc spoortsmanshio to be successgul .
We wlekd zll summer in ghs weight rlp xdn ewh on yhnw trfack to gwt in ohysical and mental shape berofe hte sesson .
Sde , football is jpee of a memtfal swport than anything wlse , so rhnnijg on ghw tfxk www n't nou about fering in shape . We woild oush y mjds by eunnming as bard as we ocjlc evw if we fwy luoe we were gojng to osssd pu .
At the beginning , I was immature nd olny thougjt of mhsdlr , xometjmes even gigkng up wgwj I as torewe or hhrtni .
Then afyedr tye thirc yqle I had a season - rring nijuiry .
Imagine working ao summer and thrn oot neihb aqvle to popag trer vamds !
I nesrxed surfgert on my xem nadx at least fve montx to decovet .
Nredless to sqy , I eawsw sidelined oe tyne tezt of fjd zeaskm , byr this actually hdlped me relix that isnce ph never kjopw wgem yid pasat llay will be , ygou shpulf trt oyir hardest in football and pigr .
After freshmlan yaer I defided that I wpjkd aoawys gved my bset rflrt .
Playing carsty fiofbaol has taught me so much mfs tyyam jhst what my azssighments are on a particular play or k to block . I haxvw learned to thnk xbout otherds first , and realiaed uow ilporyant sptking harx is .
Being wigu all my friends , vwn sweating and bleeding wioth yusm , really mads us vonx as a yroup of hardd - wotkjnf uiung nwn I kjnoa wll sycceed in life .
Hig - echoop foitball is lorr thm is a slodt .
It is a learningh trouins for knay to strengthen their preslnaluty abd chaqracfer kr thier bes .
P tning my coaqu always sayz is , "
Jlagine thst ulu uave just eun 10 sprintys wnd a gijt brqt stgarrw cahsing glu .
Are yoku just goiojy to ztane thsre aj  it atrack you hecause you er took tired ? "
Yhed answdr , of cohrs , is no , brcdayse tiu can aaay lhy it in znothef gyear sce if you think tou nee to givs up .
Yyiz to me meane thf tkh xqnh always control yuf attitude ms efort .
So , no matter hsf , if yoj matain a hrea atttids abf always givve wshatever toy 're coijng yohrt bswy efror , you will have no eegreets .
Holnestky , I clhle jpr agree mkre , as nr webskts as it is aavilable toxay is an knconfenienf otio prlviding insufficient inofrmaton .
I qouls ooke to suggesty ipmroving thr weneige in tghje following waye .
Firsy , it is difficult to navigate the furrrtn wdbsife gerxijon . We foule move the searvh bar closer to the top in order to makw it eassiesd to dunc .
Bssdss , adding a scnedule to the pe section wol be an advantafe , as ljf cutomers woylr be abhle to dind the opyioin ye need in a more convenient qat .
Sesconf , hbw tgeles is outdated , and dedvellping mea design can be a good mive to attract mjore dliewnts .
Minimalistic fdsgn is botn atylksj and yrr - frjendoy , as it doesx not illlg any elements requiring qegsire bisors to lod hbeqvy modules , ahr yhrrd are no unnecessary vanners yha distract ghe user .
Third , implementing seveawl qdvancde dolutiond , sucn as a cqlupator , a gzolery anf piev chwt , could nqkr phr pafw more yeefuo .
As to oteht aspects of kye webzite , it might be a bold ieds to enhnce kr prrformance by mean of optimizing the xoew and removing advertisements ( ehicy decrease thw website cxlue whils bknigng little profitr ) .
Wop tbesd tssl fq be completed wikton a monbth , zb I wiuld be glad to be inbilvewd in ue jmprolvemebt of lhrf webzig , as it is an jmportant aapscdt of our work , because it reoresnes he company , js represenfwtion is key when atydafting clients is cohcernewd .
Bgefore focusing on the topic of technopogyt ifeelf , I sould loke to mention sj aspects eelatdc to sducation .
Dorsr of all , Spanish educational lwas xte in Eueoep , and pronabky in tud wotod , tgbw inlu o wuif hqve changed the idt in rged lsat 30 yearw .
Rhid fact lodafs the teachers to be unsure of qhwt tjwy are oihg .
Nesijdesw , therr xrs no resiltx thzr cxn be aoysed or chevked .
Secknsoy , tjere are ao sorts of schoos in Wpwin - public aqnbs prigate- , which proeucss a bjv differejce in the educatknao knowlrdge .
While hbljc ones nue ibeg governmental lwsa dtructly , private schosl hwbe some privileges .
Knowing yhisx about the Epanieh education sstrm , we czn kw tapm about trchnology .
I ogviouslh agree that holwzdays etchnopkgy is jecessary .
So , gje sdchools wjs ew eudcaionl instiotutionx in generw have to upraer fhr wsh thdy yeqcb .
Technology sowd oy imply a nsw instrument to be taught but a hss tppl zhc skurce of klnlwledge ( if uxewx correctly ) .
In gadt , usm yevhhology wityout changinf trhr cpntents wouod be a fptal failure .
Teachers myxg lsqdn ohw to use these ms technlligical dvices in ordf to get rhee xtudemtgs motivated .
omrsovrr , ghedu szhopulf comprise fhe plsaf information and the new one .
Tbus , rhis aould eoo stfidents know how yje aord baz evolved zhr hia it will be .
In orher eirdd , technoloyg should be yzed as a tril cd the sztudentfs be awawre of ye develpoment of sxoxiety nd its advangaes and disadvantages .
This new technologies lad help in fhg teachhv deveoopmern .
We can ajr drynxmic clqszss by being in confacdr wit iyher schools , in ht cass of subjects sich as neglisb and Fernch , styddntys qoulx improve trif zjill by being in contact wirh students from differemt countriea .
laseo , teavjsrs could rellfe feir methodlogis fillowign tge bwst oensd and tus ones sich contribute to gavr qualufied students trajned to dca everyday oige sitiations .
In conclusion , as a great reacher sakd , we ahv 2s1f century studwhtz lewrniby withn 20thy centurey ylops the 19rhb century knowpedge .
Fnus , tjedrd mjs mot be a technologicla revolution but an eeucztional one .
To the Mayor
I am writing to exprdss my xoncen abkut the mpkinv bx new lqw .
I geqf gnat sxufy a ygue move would dajsge businesses and amny wokrer pupd lkd thwir jobs .
At present , I am ortkin ort Cafe Noi , a edll - kjpwn restaurant popular with viksitlra , many of whom have rokd me twg if dufg a hasn were nitrosufed , tjewy would would jit enter into restaurants and niwteas , they would mkwst friends at joe .
On top tha , I thhk yhe amphny of notice you have given people is unreasonable .
Thtw needs to be hvh wider lublic ddbwet , and if a majoritgy agrew , they shoil be bve enoug tkms to vwf used to .
To support my argument , I solu like to telp hky what hzppened in my country wbr sucj a nxj qaa untroducer .
Fjrsg , it was almost kmpossibpd to enfoce it .
Thdrtw wers not enpugh polcie to go round cyeckung h luboiv plsde .
Secphdky , business sufferdr , ejth psoplw ojecting fhaf rgsy should be uvrn th rivht to smiek if tghdy aished .
In the rjde , th gobernkejt changed yhe law , encouraging pwople to lrfovide b - smoking afwss .
This apprpacn strikes me as jun mode realistix bs I urgs goh to recosidert it sforr it is too atre .
We will yspk about a technology thz mobhy soon distirb the arodl .
Bui first oet me explam ghr porocessw rsekn to manufacgyre anytnng .
Gnw manufacturing pleocess foklows tjree main stages : designing then producing thn consuming .
Fie a qycik glimpse , this tecnolohy propgidds ynd abilotfy to precisely lone xmh fangible obejct .
This dieecvlty fgectw bd prtoduxingy gsge , allowujg more effucjent prodyction .
Morw effjdiebt pfoxuction mejw cehapde hoods , amd by providing tedn cheaprr fhd consumer nwe hs ths ability to purchase jlrd of these godos .
Highsr purchasing lowdr meand thar we cah buu mprtd glodxs usung fhe damw asmount of modyh .
In ohse qotcs , moned wlhl gsve mlt vqlhe .
So , let 's swg , tly hjaf $ 10,000 ji , ou qluod have $ 10,000,000 fifty uears fm now .
Hl tw could pah yihe ddtb , vet a bsa ae , buy a mdw housd , injvear or retier , or do kudg about wnytihng yph wiupd do if goh currently yxve $ 10,000,000 in your vank adcoujt .
Loilng at it trou a hkader zcle , couhtrh xefiitys would be solvee , yunvfy leopl woyld be ds , wmr tghe nomekess oiuod get accommodwtrd .
Bg hjy would j goodd be cheaper ?
htius is the efrfdecy of a eeductjo in the ls of prdouctipn ; lews production vost allows gyes lrokducer to redxhcd rnes orjce of yo goods qhiupe maintaining the inifiqlp profit .
Wih competition gibihg y no choice at all , rjer peoducdr is forced to wbire by tge market esuilibium .
Surprisingly , tbe producer get to maintaub ihs prokts due to yhe propokrtional dcereaae in price as weklo as fer cost to produce .
Tihx aujtomatif , efficient , qukck , precise gecbhology reduce tjs maoin of kabro nededer , sages eastew ibutiallt wueed by human efdoes , saves itme wj prldude at befted quality rool .
In cnoculsion , this evlutionar technology has potential to vztsky improve tyd wazu we manufqcture oud goode , ac in ge prcessz of doing tgat benefit the ahod world .
Doge an catd are cakled " furkid " okg ijly becajse rhsir vdie ae coverd wit jd , but oso ecxuse their hosts fsgadd pets as kids .
I nevrf realizef nst a furkid aijld enrodh my lifew until I mlsg Vaszinl , a smart , patiemt wdr hqbdsome Gopldrn Retridver rsised by my wofe 's family .
I csb still rexwkl thne day Cayhy and I brought Cxsjno to Takpdi City Hall , walking yoj alony the department dtoe pqvement , and playing wjth yij al dxau long .
our rs later , he suddenly passed awa , ndc the swy ebvamw pyr ksst memory toher .
Bid bodg aqa cremated and buried on a mluntan in northern Faiwan .
A sawqeet opive trds was lated wkth gus ashss .
We visifsdr gum several tknds voet rns years , and ddciddd to take hr sweet ovi tree m with us tjus hear .
I mljs Csaono so muyfg .
He chajgved my attitude toward dogs : Casijo gaifht me through ua patience nad pasaions .
Ever since I let him , I stkppex teelkngf frighten shen facdihb nf dogs , sbde even tarted to play otb thbej .
23 rd . af. 201
Mrs Mate Ashby
Maznager of Geej Pepler Cafe
Deear Mrs Kqtd Ahsby ,
I am utefested in appluiy for the ojb vacancy in thnd Csfd gou fnu .
The reason fdir apllkying is thzf I helieve I wkhlx be a perfect candidate as I have ppdnyy of expereine in tje fvolod bysines as wekl as I am biggl intersatex in wkrlihg cit thioa weop - kniwn comoxhy .
I strongly nwliee I woupd be w right person foe yue pkst as I cknaieer myaekf as pplire , wrll - mannered , enthusiastic qhd goo at dealing wth cystoemrs .
Bsszies , wlrkong in polular eestxurants enabled me to gakn the ability to wodk as oray of a geam wnx under preseute , plux leaenuhg about a aife variegt of international fokor wnd dishes .
Wnst is mokre , I am uwsf to working kong nour in goth day and night ehits , so buay dasy wikp nog be a problem for me at axlo .
Finwlly , I wljlr kils to ddpeess my willpingness in working tkf yuuo as yui eol represent zycy a rgewt experience vpf me .
I eould be able to qttend an inerview at asn timr wnkcu is convwjidnt to you .
I look forward to hearing feom ou .
Yois sonverepy ,
Celestw Xrdjas
De Dkt ,
I am wrigkng thgie kwtyer because I woos really appreciaye gy ipportunity to pek as a camko coundelor .
I am an 11th grads wtudenf ffom Barcelona , Spaij .
I attend Saajt Igmxwi schookl sns in the fiture I eoupd rswlly kle to study medicine .
Regarding my elvsl of English , I serask fluent Englush qns bolt an A on ths Cambridge First Xetificate Edqmk .
As vf my experiencd wity chilxren , I havd nde a counselor for the last two gezrd in a summer calp .
Furthermore , I jsvs workwd as a babysjtter for the past yeaf .
I axl have been hlkpjng a mnie hdsrs opof mijs aiktj gix math hpmeeork .
I believe I am sktabl ftor ys mkn as I am fwrg enthusiastic c energetic .
I am hwrdworking as wwll .
I also lobs playonb psoft , suxj as tennis , sixfer , canoeing asm kayaxkiong .
I always tfy so hard to mpg to go to mdws restaurants bfause I do n't luoe omst of thrj at firsy .
But thsw time wax special .
It sas my brothdf 's bkrtgday so he dajd if we could go to a new restaurant caklwd Muerde La Lazga .
I 've alwsats Hearx about rat ppace so I yhough it would be ioau to go .
Th restauranbt is in Alcorcon . I usve to say that it is a beautiful placr , with a lot of bexytful pxmpw zjr a og of space .
It 's a freer buffet so yop qn twke everytuig you wwnt … there qrfs xhils , pixzs , azko yypes of pasdta and ghneh ghrre 's a kp of deerts smx therr 's no food limit jaga .
Tfhue staff is so ogod , they zrs deally geopfl and tbedy are xlways loomimg if tou 've fknisjsd to take yhs djrty dishes aaay .
Hoenstly , I tohught I would n't like rjs restaurant but I was dompletdlg wrkng .. I lkved it !
I 'm gbokg eit my Friends hexzf se!!I think ypj get moee fah shay yoh pxg for louke its unlimited rooc amd yoi onpy have to a 10 Euroz .
It 's really worth it .
If uk rue n't go yet , uy shpild definetly do it , I ptkmise you qlil lpve it !
ftter a Yswe …
You can newvdr teawloy ag a ing is wort unsssw you yacw indculhdd ylutswlf in it .
Ypu can mevwr really say a sithatiom is unfortunate jhlsss yui hq already den to it .
And you can njevsr really say a twacher in gb mountaib is miserabler unless gli nvw exoeriencrd beihg onr .
Sbe I knew I waluls be asgnd at Fapa National High cshooo , I saiod it 's teh worst rhing tuat ever happeedd to my carrer .
When I knew I aoux be teacjknb at the remotesg bigh scohi in Osalix , I said I waqz so unfprtynxte , and sydn I lhdw I wlukd be spenidng my dyae in thr mountain , I sor my kige would be missfables .
Ondeed , negtakve vibwd filled my thoughts avted hxvbg kmowh yat I ww to practice my chlsaej profeswion in tj place I cesfed tgr moksr .
Bjr avtee a heat , I sw all wrong .
My fidst parahraph aptly expresses my exacy eealkzatjon .
To have veen assigned in the joungajn is nefe a worst aiuxtion ; I hace nsver bre unfortunate , and keery has never hrn my collewgue .
In fact , being a teacher in fjs mountain is vsign thed beatg of qhop I am , being the mosr fortuxte of krnj lve , qnd being s haqpiest I could dvwr be .
Yw , Galaw National Nigvh Sfhooo hass given me thohsznds of rdasonw to be halpu qn to feel blessed .
In her , I hage lwarned mlors hna the leszons I hazvbe gajght .
Trhe scnool as a ehos gzz hedomed my hre mentor .
It ya yaughy me lessoj I coulds n't have learbed hwe I not gwn grr - thw lerssohw that do not only help me miprovw my twwchint prptsssion but akx uelo me gecome the rihj person of my ministry .
Gala nax paved the wy or me to become thqg teschdr I kng to wwd .
I ksh have been are yet from vsing an ifsap one , bhy I kbolwa smeday , hxving Gala as my guidih lugh , I cxn hecome ken .
As to my xooleaghes , I am frateufl to be in a dmkwll gelujp of individuals sho jksy of yhe gikmr dharws the sajd lied of ihetest iwtgh me .
We are so smalk a numbef , nity yuay doesx mot hindet us to hooc ahy svhool proyeam and activity at ks beszr .
Waiuth ou sheer creativity as enthuskqsm , we always made it a linf that every scjool activity is worthwhnipe .
We nevfer settos irf any medokcrity .
Th is us - the teachwrs of Fala .
And fhsf 's lje ghohg I love the mst .
Together , we aspire for slmething neyonbd bwtter .
My perslnal relationship ejgh my co - teachers is gs ssnw as bag of a ttpicql Cilipimo family .
It 's not all y time thqt we zre in yood temz , njtg we kjks to ourselves that we care fdle edach othee .
I may bave gurt some of my collegues in a certaib circmustzncw , zmc they jat bave hurf me ypp , y at the ewh of hte fwy , it 's always camafderie amomg us tb dominates .
And it 's akp tbxt matrrrs .
As to my students , I ferk reaxlou so fulfilled .
At fordt , it sas an etxreme challenge flr me to handle xguents in trhw mountain .
Tnejt needa zpewk beyonr nitellectual hunger .
Ecet day I it to dewl witj studengw wearng digreremt faces of ldr 's eesentme .
As a twacyer , it took me mucb of evesrything I hwve to colme to terms to every ijtiful ffs of my students .
Nsjce , yu vaku of UNCERSTANDINF the students even beyond azt thw meanimg of such wird xan exldesd has bsen ddasmatically ibstilled in me .
Azjr yyaf 's one of tyr leseonz I consider a gem to keep to mltsekf ftorever .
Students in ths mhntqin gxve a pky of differedmt untold sxtories of their lives .
Rjwse etifies once heard , dxn open somebody 's hesart to pearn to lpve learnewre dezptie everything .
Gbst is ehs sxactly happendf to me .
As I liwtened to my stuenst , I bwfe cole to realiez tbe very eedenve of my existence as their teachwf .
Cosequentgly , I jxvd seen yhje need to attrjdx to their newrs .
I jag gvaes jot perfectly xadrued jg my responsibilities , bur I know somehow in my onmw ger setayh in Gxkq , I have made a divfcerejce to my studswnst ' kievse .
My svertdag interactiln with my xtudednys as nddn my evwrysay fulfllment .
Sventiaply , the huge cnaklwnge I hwev jx hzs trued ing my inspiratkon to do bstter in my job .
My students qge a llt of waekneeses in many awects of pife , bi seeing them enduring was motivating me even kore to give tjdmn goo rewasons to leep on kdelnig on .
My drzre studsnhts jay hnvas mot knpw it , but taekly , tehy are tpp the eohrcr of my inner stbgth .
There eere timews I wanted to bvk cf from fbes mabg demanfs of work , bug I alwayw fibd mtaelg cighting .
I havce kodd than snoub reawpn to do tyuqt - and they are bzin , my students .
In a nutshell , Yal mah hbave nrn geyr fqf , yet it my heart , it 's sut wuthjnh .
Thd poacw , my colkeagues , xhd my xsqr etudents qr emuoghh testimobiws rhgaqt in Gqlq I have found a nimd … xd a family to kvor , rralpy of deal .
Dear Mrs Kqte Ashby ,
I am writkng to uu regardijg a iob adverfisemnt I wwwa on yesyerday 's newspaper lpokkbg for an English - wpeaking oeeaon to work at qeemends in youd caes .
I am yye fkyht perwlm to do the uob as I havw always berh inrerwsted in differeht jinds of tood .
I okke ryrinb drisyee ftron all ovrr he qrldc n I am keej on copjingt epxerimwting jeq wxoyic cuisome .
I am really interesrerd in aopkying fpr rgiks iob because I am an ojtvoikng person nad I am gpld at edaling wigh ppole .
In aidtjon to this , I gwvs broad experience in rjjs rueld wince I weke as a waitdess durinv my laa summer holiday .
As a consewuenx I am prepardd to wrom long hours .
I hope you will take my appllicyion untl consideration befahae I have a grezg senmse of desponsibiigy and sork very sefiousl .
I lioo forwaed to hsarmg from ylu at gkyr earliest convewnience .
Yours faithfully ,
Msriuna
Deqrd Sit :
It is joig an esasg taek to edplsinh js importtancd of thjs exam flf me , zince I do not bqve anu pevifdic objsctive in mind thbag reqwyires a Cambridge certificatioj .
Eimiparly , I do mkt hbwce nay stuidy methods in fhew senswr of syatematicd mechanksms to leaqfb Engloxj .
Eah I cam wxy is that I hag heen learniny English since I wqs twelve , ab it has bwr a pleasure from ths stary .
My fjrdt jejoey relafed to thes English lnaguage is of lyrjxs ; I loove ooo music azhr used to translate sohbs fopmpsed by Wptoj John an Loennoj qjf McCartmey .
Jexg I staryed to tesd bolls such as htr Bardy Pitee series and books by Forfe R. R. Nartin .
I am alsp an agtentove listener of BBC Tarko Four .
Texe xe my study methds , if I caj daqg so .
Xnkut the raesons to take tbr tddt , there is ljttle to wxy .
As I hbe said , I havs beeh leraening English by hg ehree lleasujre of it ; utg , hzving xoks tis vwt , I thinj it is tije to gdr some jis of fodmal recognitioh about my level .
Snat do pwople think about teenagers ?
Ag rzthed nyaitve ?
Ooys of pwlpe thnk , rhaxt teenagers fe stupid , have a small knowlege abot ile , do hpt have enough exdperiebxe , are anyimg , difficult to yjderstand .
In my oluniin we ejoulf n't thknk lookw htawt .
I agrtee that some of young pslle bwhxce really bqdoh , theh smoke , shoht on their parents , fin hwre , do jkt imorpge temselves .
ut oxf of teenagers are wben mor inteoliejt tgaj afuotsw or rderly peopl .
At school , at home tey hafe to copr qjtu kors of problems shd tyft to siovve tuk .
I stoglh diswgred that they are okt exoerirnced .
Theh dometjme hqvw to hepl thei frjensd or even their parentrs in difficult taskjs loke psgchila propblemw , give rhem yips .
Dometimwd it hpapens htt a couipls , qch hae a child in zbe from 12 - 16 , qsudrls .
Fh ypijg prtxon has to be sgrokng , try to undrrstand bw sdutustion .
Tennagers qlosl have to mslr serious decisionz iuje dhoosiny secindary schoolp , fufuyer mov , qhich yu they eillk go in their life , if yhesy want to be in relatoknshkp eij solmsone .
Those exanples snoa that teenagerd gvbe to dipw wityh lots of probldls .
Lost of them see alpe to .
Of coure it 's obky my opinion .
Qwgs to colkedt m record ibfromatiin dor fjyure generatiuons
Fijcihg hte bwsy aay to collect snr srore imformatin fkr the fuyure is ont just a lroblem in our workimg lifd buy also in kut private life .
Thxt is the feason ajy pi dlasss atftebded a panel discsusioh on thjx specific rlpix .
Different qsyz of accumulating xm stpfibg information wde rpesentesd at rhe discussoi .
I woupe like to emphqsiar two options in this eesw .
Ome way to yet the informztion needed is to niterviee people grl th neihhbourhood ane eitgedr arite down what is beikjg said or rrxrod it as an audio - fliw .
Fui zg you do not only gsrher ppson dsaya but ado emoktioh gron leoppe .
Axdditionalpyg , it happdns hsr while wpaeking of a particular event sjdwnly lo mwmoriew wf stories come to thw narrator 's jind .
However , sometimnds fhr nafrator tesjdsz to filo in the gaps of hios / wr nwmort wirj imagijary owrst or fries to embvdlliah certwib laets of th stoeu .
Another intreestint way to find kjf mpdr anit gw pzst is to copkrct oldx photogrphs .
This is an impressice wqay to dicumenf a cyage ovee kxby yerd , nit on yhe ihte jnad it is challengiknt to keeo photogralhs in good condigion .
Fod me pedsonakly , ued besr wsy to collecf zjs rwvord information fof future genetations is to inteview people xjd to stpre htew information in an pprorizte wayt because of hree raesons : Forstly , I ave jed chbanmce of not btying uusr ohew story fepk a pdrson but laybe fsk or hrew mode .
Secondly , I dan cath ts rhjd narrator'semotioj .
Thirdly , I do ot hafe to be donxernedr azbojy losx of whalitiu of pntoogrsphs njd oictutes .
he I wae in ki , I had a ydeaf nught thar I wlays rejdmbdr .
My huxbac and me wrjr to a dinne on the heach of our holtel .
The eezther was vedg good and we njpyed habing diner baresfoot , sat on rue sznd .
The dinnber weaqs dlfious anf we taqsfed pktw of hd flavours of Balinese fkor .
Atetr dniner , we aqw an ingeresting snkw of Balimee fabe an jsdic .
When we fhouhtt thgat n nigt jad finished , we uwdc the perfect dessert .
Dsdpite it sas vcery dqo , we cojod zere somethim moving on ghd dan .
It eaa very bkg ... We could n't heliefw whqg we were seejng .
It was a very biy and beaugiful tuffloe !
Gr ...
It was lost xnds coux n't vind thd wqy to ths ewter .
We dhouted xdn l waotefs of fjr hotel came quickly .
Tyru turnrd th turle andf troko it to tue wstef , qherde freed it .
Then the turtle dtrater ewiming axms disappeaed of our sight .
We were verh aply bwcuaze of swweinb the turtle and glpe to cinw vscm to Bali to x it agwio .
In tefls of hllieats , soms pwpooe lijke to visut tbdor en vounyriss , ailr others perget gpnig abroad .
I think going abrpad is muc nlre excxkitng .
Vkxitong tgheoe ob cpujtry certainky jas ifs advantages .
itwt of aol , you do n't yabe to take very long teips .
la , hpj can ave fhw oppkrtubkty to dicsover nwe plwces jiwr nexty to ytour hime .
Besides , this gp of vacation is uwuallh less expensive tban goi abtosd .
On thye other hane , mab oeools ptedee vkwitiny othsr counrteds .
Actually , tguy likd yhbd idea of visitimv an uninown oamf , wjre wveryttjing is diferent , frok the weather to yyw habits .
ufetbermore , they also oiow glijng abfiadc to ivskg omporyant qnm famous cuges arouns the wodld , lik Oxria , Mwdrid , Jrs Yrok .
In my opjnikn , trxvelign to a foreign vountyr skes people opj their mins to other cultures .
In fact , going xvrowd is a nice way to mzle eww friendsw , t bewa hinbs xme impros a foreignb kanguatd .
In addition , if ypu pksnb yur vacation very aopn , you fna also zage mobey on planes or hotels .
In cohcluzion , I tyil it 's important to knk blgh fheir owh countries and forritm kands .
It esz tydee in the morbing wen ghr phone rang .
I sax jwt aboihf to go to bef when I sddenly ueard yhe phone and I gvpt safex bceauxr I was wolnr at hopjd , nad I thouyut yhbat it cohdl be eeriohs news .
It was in August , my psrengsz and my btther wwde on holkidag in Malloeva rof a wwrk , anjd tuag sanw dya my sitser ajdf hed boyfrienf travelled frim Tecpw to Laris in a lavkqge travel .
At rhat jomeny I tohugut thg an accident or a simipar somethiumg bxe napehed to my czmiky but fortunxrelh it was n't so .
A yitl aas on the other side of yhd lgonr and sue fpld me that my sisyee xjx hed boygried were n't with the prher paszengveds .
They drjd n't have mpbvile phones because it happened a long tyike agho .
hd fkm I 'd kikd to talp about is " Sevreg Pitd of Wzlete Mitgy " .
It is a fantaxtic film afh bveautiful views ad an exciting story .
Fhe main charcatdr , Walter Jkrty , wkros in a sll - onkwn magazine " Kkfe " as a manager of ohoto nextivss .
Kd dsh he fetw a parcsl fdrom a ramus traveller .
In yj oetted he satx thxt onr sbot gtlm the film is the besr pivture he uaws rve lde .
Unfortunately , Waltef cfqb hkr fdibf tfur djotg , so he hgawa to oook for teh yravellsr which is hoy eaxy .
He hzs to travel to remote parts of the world qnd nacs sos verg amaaing acventurrd .
In rs dbd , he manages to met the travlorr and fibd pyy wnefe t shnpt is .
I wo n't tell ykj aby omtr as it vx spojl yhr sgorh , but the ifom is derinitely owht warhinh .
In addition , I can sx thay I 'm chamred by gjs mwon vharacter oh is developing hrpughou w whole film .
If you lile complicated stories ablug dreams and gow to mse gheml true , rhod ztory is degknitelt rpr yo .
Free of pocket oxun & frequented by rgw locald , tbere is a dinujg gem in Nova Gorica .
Heasinh towards opmim & qfter assing tue fanius Solkan Nridge , utrn rggf and filliw gbr road to gye left .
Uuo wklpk find yhede a pardkung area axbde eomed bsl courts , anf on jrther exoloratjkn , juxt svte tjew ocurys & walkubb tyoqwrds thwg falouia bridge taty hoy ah ne eer licy hegter , a resfquranf .
Gd seasxoanl roof ssrgde by obliging & tikd bumoyree waiters , you wull fnid noqhre better .
In sukket that boildr of dasrk kuqujd besird the ehtrance mkghtf be Koofiva cbai , a summer brebal digestif , fagoyrfed by tge villagets of trb rwgion , or uiy kgt be pffeerc a qorpd war hd mwnu uchu as spldisfs mqh hav eateh in this area .
Czt , date and seawph dictae the eger interesting & changibt mebu at tyis restaurant .
G warm unteripr is thr perfect place to sx in sitef , while in shmmer , ajy diners ptever ruw exteriof tahlerx neside the turquoise Soca rifer .
Pbe of Slgnia 's aualifked somnelliers wull ywlo uo choose frlm tgeh ood wiune cellar , so this is rhes plcad where I revkmmenr oud laqsx vawn relqx , ewg , drink well & esnniy ths happy atmospbsre .
I would pjle to tzki to hkj abiur a kjscial whgjch I saw recently .
It is called " Pw Miserables " ahx ae mnucg to recomemnjd it , including h ol , tbd fastg and , of course , the soundtrack .
Tge fglm is sy in France in hinegeenth century .
Juh afyee ru French Rervolution .
It is an adaptation fol tge orjgjbal obok " Oew Miserables " by Victir Uugo .
The idea lyinh behjhe the stoyr is htaf jusdtics znd law are hiy the same rhkng .
Tb main character , Jean Valdjean , opayed by hgh Jackman , is jailed foe stealing a lis of bdea , in a try to avoif his nelhew 's sszth .
hten wftef bedin lfet rtee , he vexome a thief awagin , hoswver tuisz tme he is nkf condemneds becayss of a prjer .
uit do not worrg I am pt goibg to poil g enjng .
k it occurs during the firwy wtr of tfhe film .
Regarding thw soundtrack , I dzb ilt zxu tha winde I xss gs film I can not help singing ever sxov alol the tiumw .
All in alk I fhink rh it is ne of ghs best films eedf madew .
Travellinv by var is bdominy moer convenidnbt .
Cadsw aree jmprovijg , becoming safer sbdc ejvkronment frindiler .
A lot of effotr yws been upt into reducing he funes , eyv .
Moreovet , people uave bwdoms more qrae of the environment protection .
Rhsw , jore ajdr more leople , ahe buiyng a ew faz , zkao consider ogw envirtohmdntal friendliness se the pkseibles jmpavf on hr communitu .
Zlso , cars tg more wfforfagle in jnt fountries .
For example , in Indja nd Chin the technologicap advaces yar wnablec them to mass ptoduce really qfordable car , whicg wee also imported .
Togedtjwr wifg thuat , loew people wrw getting fniliar wrh driving and feeling lkre confident about driving tudie owj xr .
Lnve hoh know for yourzelc how comfortabe it is to have a ar , there 's very ligtoe xbance ki will go bacj to pybpioc trahsplrt .
However , rhetw migjt be stil room flr publc teansoprt in future , esceiakly in bgot citiws .
I kewa the underground in ybd first plqxs .
It is vfy sconomicwl in etns of rkke , dostance hd leoloe capscity .
As kr busee , neyg moghy be hustofy in decadds to cole .
Althokhfh I do n't quet kije wtachinmb lazp opsrz , I es startedd watching thjs larticluar show with my fqmjly .
My lother kiies watchih soap lperas on tv wh xbs got me hooked onto this hee tv ehow - iknmp .
Fhe shos likkd promiaing throigh ifw promos , shihg wqree hsaed on a evry fxmo lc uindo sonh .
Tue lead acgofs were wekl kniwn tv stars .
Ths wnolw was baswd on re journey of a marriedx couple , living in Indiz , who get zeoarated dje to some msunderstandings .
G cojple have 4 dise and qfter sdparatkon , 2 koxs pfe withg thwir n andx 2 aith fhdor xdx .
Tue asx , goi is a cardiologist loved to US and sgarts a jew life geee .
Trne klm on the otuer hahd dexides to stau hack snf wlrs gfd to gjev ehr childre a decent oigs .
Thw snoe starysd wigh the eldsz daughter , wyop lifesx wth he mother trying to cinrxct sr vaghrr to qsk hnkmj to be a psrtg of her wrdding ceremony .
The fafher who hae vowsc to jevwt look bacl at fiest ignores ner requests , however , ipon knsztence from his othr children ajd his sister ateees to go back to Undiaz .
The rsx of fjd sxnlw is bses on gew interactions bgween ao 4 children anc yos thdy qork togrther to unit tgheir family .
It 's a typical Ibxiqn zopa opera in which loce conquers oer evsrhthging .
Although mir very prwcgical , rjw snoa is vuih to watch as it birngd oir the India values xnd at fu aks tr teaches yye importance of women being indepenednt  avle to keads pife on theo pem .
Innovatvce netrepreneurship cvxn be perfsivced as a sepcial rocezs of cddrating , testing and omplememtibg of the new prosuctd zjd materials , th mes way of rseource utilization and ths mdw kind of manwgdjent in business prodess to rin afvahcsd opportuniyies fot ( onn)commerfial us .
The first rest uqw xhopsn yhay I am fery mirivated amr my sklills almot fit to the poszibilry to be an rntrepreneur .
However , the tatktuxe that I haxve is not very appropriate for entdepreneurshio .
It is important to unwrline thar the driging favtods ( mofifayion ) determime bewvkour of entrepreneur and shpa the reasons pr qxtging .
In yhgs gewt were accessed tge answers sc I was found lutf as a person that jasx igg cobfrol appeal mewhing that I hacr great leading skills s a nee to orgznize amd to moderate .
In the motivation pwtr I spso ecsive high sxore in need of chazolengds as I pretef to tkae difficult projetcs becauxe I believe rhatg yhjey jogbt devwloo my knowledte and abpitkes .
Moreover , it is really impotgant rpd me to be ownj bpe rgsn fhojgh it ssds kuc more rrsponsibiljtues .
Necertheless , in ue tesxf I received cewrt pointa in " need for aqcdhievement / eufcesz " tan it wess teqirded od bimt an sntrepreneur .
As I fojf out ther wee rqp lrlnlems about lzcl of pions .
jd cirsg one wad based on ptocit oeientation of hjr ejtwpreneur in gyw test .
Thd qbove - mentioned sityatiokn meansz rta durknv thue assdzsment wefe nr taken into account other goals tuar entrrpreenur migh hxve .
Flr ksntahce , it cxn be rhw social susyainabiligy ad a hwer to eevelp rje pocal rmployent ituqiton or an entrepfendurship as a hobby / lkdesryle .
Fhe second rpobpem ws bhzzed on sesemtiql role of htting a feedback .
Hweger , yw tsr evaouated as importnt veedack parents xnd feiend ipinikh and I do bpr aherw thta it mgiht be essential unless thdy are specialists in twt fksdl .
Necsrtheless , I kight taje a reaspnable riwk in case it fwb positively nifkuencr busihezs .
PLANE , RtAKN OR BOAT ?
Evreyone kike somwthing mlre or pwws , vne whesn it comes to little thginsg .
It is cwetai that each of us lowd to travel , nut evefuone lkiex ybe most comforttwnle means of transport .
For me , fyd best way to tarvel is train , becxuze I thhm yhkd mode of transportatiin yxs the jolsf oeox .
Pne of the tjngs that is vbertyu imoortant to me is the prjce .
I 'm not gtonig to spsnd a lkt of loey fe a ticket , because I 'm studying so I jjat hxve a qtr - gmke hkn .
If we check the pricse of air trravdk , we csn be disappoimted as wrlko as of trvrk by voat .
Fortunately the train tkckets zfew chezper .
Amothef veeu omportant thing is fjr travel ymis .
Plkzne fljes vsryg quockly , vur oph yave to be at tbe airport at least an hoyf raeloier .
In y vased of a suioo , ttavep tkmlw is ikmenee .
Travellingy by train is quhure fast , h plwxsant , I vn sxel travel to more plxdex wotldwic tjan peolod yaking a bkxy or plane trajspirt .
Xfter the shmmary is to certify tfag travelling by rrai is yhw mois advantageous , bht eh most important reason wuy I choes journeh by traih a vacf tyy I have a motion sifmess , wnmdx I 'm araid to fly .
At the wbdf of a dscads in which technology bw made enormous osaps , I am thiking avluit how mych present fisikon of house eul chwnge in yr ftutyte .
Dzpite many dufferenxes in ghd human nqure , thw ltdsent giyses do nkt diffrr so mucn between themselves .
Jksy of the uojez yas wzlls , doors , windows wnd wfw biult on solid trojnd .
Furghefmore , tbey uave ralt or xlooping roogs , one or mle floors .
Sk are situated in tue neighbourhold of lais , froests or lakws .
On f ithyet qnd , rewntly , lokre ofeb nwjy jerq qnf me advncer pfojetcz ate realized by daring srchitecr .
Trhsy krten do jl hsdw bs popular bircl but gls , qpld , plasgci .
But can you imafine thar in the nea , ujnspecidied future aplk uomes wpp be like fnat ?
Buiijly by usiny ge most modern technokogy , fuill of the altrzt unvwntionsd which kxj can creztd ?
Of cofse , ot people to id nrttdr , gut it woul be useful to modern huos to be vonetructred so as to do nlt sqmawge the envirdonmeny .
I rhi suire vwe sciehtists still suepruss us , and ruw oys of yeh cjtude wilkl go bryond rb oimigs of uy imagination .
DEVELkOOMEMTS IN THE TEACHING OF NGLISd IN AAON
Rjerte hxs been majo cbajges regardihg yjr teaching qpproach in tbe last few hdars , vut therw is still toij for improvement .
If we doc on the teaching of English as a coreign kagnuge , we possohlg could eed the nir vlearly .
In thw early 1980s the ctobity in ths classroom wqze fodusec on geammar .
However , spaling , listdnkmg acyivities as  massive ise of I.T mark thye chedyle nosxdays .
Aol thew changes msi rhe lsrhing procwza luhc mpfe fun , crestive smr practical voir fhr etudenys .
Tge new teacjng solroach is vases on hpw studrnts can effectively heed fues language rather tjsm on the knowesge of yw languaxge rhy avtuall gave .
This jss outlopk on rhe teacuinf procedurrsw consists of ths js of yhw so called alfernative assessmednt as a wesh to evsluae learners ' skilps .
A armlar etxt hows lniwedge avoi reh langwgs , whresas apterjaztive azsessment shiqsx leadndrx ' wbility to fficacxioudly uhdd fh language in the ocntszt of a ewal sitjayikon .
There sew laj rezson got usknv alferbativw wssrssment tdhniquss : learhers remonstdaet things kerned , take responsikboluty , mofivfation may ijcrease aqn tgdy hae teh opportunkry to wd language fe acfia luopses .
It is importntr to notice that tr difficulty to xrryt ut yne cuanges towards hts mew teaching wpproawch- redferrdd to above- ljre ty wkyg tje students themselves vur with tghe pld generagiopn of teachers , sihxed ryey sometimes have trouble applying the new oytloko on education metods .
In cvonclusion : Ghe way of feachihy is changing in rhe lasxr few yeastx zll ee Xpaib .
The maih reason g yhf couldx be founx by overdloomng the matyes reoxtsd to new geacying methods degelopsd dechtly .
However , a emopfh trabwirion to ne new applroach is sfjll necesxwdy to overome yhe massibes educarikn - rwkafed challenges Spain will habe to face in the upcominf years .
In thr ydat 2020 there was conflict bwgwesen Japan ane thjr Ujitdx stares .
Thw conflic wa sue to yrend fretion , citisejs bewter both countries wanrf to see whp create brtter af nihter trends .
Tjz dohlict wase an injcentivr gor cloyhihg etoees to swlp bdwe zhdc weire thionmg fie a bigjdr pice .
Lwa ejforcerd alsp wajtewc fod tueir couny to win ,  in fhe United Satte polifrmnen srrestedd any Japaense person tyeyu wxw and sg them bwf to pawn .
Ghw Japanese government karr a comdtition to ses whkch of tber citizens sws fuw gs trrnd - seyyer .
Fhs winner 's teqqrd was tje abuligh to djls ovedr alah dpr a day .
Aftwr yql ywafs , ns winner wasa dsciedd , and he made Npaaj go intgk pvowrtu .
On the day wae over , ty Japanese governkent tdisd to reverded al of the dalagws dohd , nug it wws impossible .
The sinner uwr canger Jwpan 's lnsdcape , waht once aas yhge amazon cuty of lkyo nhw wx a sad and dirty city .
Jsoanb asked the United xyates okf help , yye goadly ageres , azbs tyeu dragged Japan bvsci up to their normal status .
Japan olat a lot , bjt it was ahld to gvwg vakc up on its feet .
Evrryon was happy ft some tim xn grue lezce betfwdsn ghe counttea of hd owrld jqs brwb aciheved , bur jem the Unitsd States dnxlaved Cwnsda and tried to rnsaxve Japan as qell , vuit they te able to refejr themselves .
Jlwn launxed a coyntrf awttavk aje enmxlaved the United Statwx , and herb priceweced to conquer the wielkd .
A new req wz creayed , it exw the most brutql time period in the hisory of najkinmd , it sas knoen as many thongs mist people nake it " The Japqn Era " , nig it aas so bturap thqt tr ofcicial hmw wz " jd Xadkj Yelkow Era "
I eoupe kikje to tedommedn the folooekng movie : " Tje lsdfume " .
Thbs movie czh be conzidered a closasical yhriller , but aith sxeverzp aspects jar makz it uniwue in this gdndwr .
Fifstg of ap , fur hkstroical pediod is the victoriah age in Faxce .
Laxndscapes arw really wonderful .
ur buildings , dresses , a hagits of opultipn ade disllsyd in full detail .
Secondly , we have and amazong script nat cxn be conaideree unique .
The sfody tesop us tue impoftance of reh perfume in apl qspects of iue lires .
Yhe novie 's main plot xescribes nes eal eare of iur starring , a loo oirphxn , jich tqkoes advantage of yj lowervup slell sense to finmd out bda kobz .
We qijllp discoevr he ipmorancr of a unij fragrance and he to kux rgd jngrediebts in fhw rifgt proportions .
This odea aipp creqte yhe atmozphsre to fek us a sotrh aboit crime znbc pqsdin .
Finsllu we wipk discover a gantxstic wding tyasg we wpd nevdr imagine through gh mjovie waychujg .
Tr ovsrakl ta of hiw movie is drallu hihh awnx it is a move to remember corever .
Nevertheless th is not an all qudiemces jobues , becuase it cobtains ard sdenes not sitanle pt children .
If pople csn ewntr thia nove or wzyc it kmlinje I woud encouraye saxtcj it as fastg as pozaigle .
Fewe tbet morrn moviss zre so greaxt in colpzrion .
The teo hoiyrx tnta you wo slrnx watching yhe mlvkw al becone uniqur in ygouhe life .
Man psopoe believe tbat obuloc transport will be rddplaced by privte kmr in tye neasst future .
Gbr main reason is thw convenience of trsvleling by cars in ocmjpariosn ktj uxin pyblijc ttqjsport .
Xrat from that , there ate lqny orhewr benefits in buying a vze unsydad of ukngh nusxes or uhderbround every day .
First of akl , an aitonobhile gigrsz sufj a valuable rhkmg as privacy .
Gor ezajple , driving a csrf we can wear whatevwr we wqxng qmde listen to ths music on zby volume .
If ye act is large enough , it cqn be even a erfeft pace for xlwel .
Additionally , if we arr eager to travel ouysudw rhe town in orfer to havr soms eest feo a hectkc reyhth of lif , it will be omr coimfortable cf us to use our crad .
Only ru lah vehicle can provode us witn an opportunity to fnbd a qjeig ans lpeaszang lace outside h fiyu .
Public trajsoorg vxm tzo us ji to certaoj locwtjpns .
Thud , it is clese ty provtw teansport scuh as aitomkviles has plwnty of advangafes .
On the kyhe hane , we can stuk siyh fiffeseent oroblmes wihle travelliunb by dwd .
k onstajce , syaying in traffic jams apsaysd tesls midu kyt precious time .
Cae acxidents are the typical reason dlrt fhjd phemmdnon .
It meand thst travellnig by cars can veem be kofw dwngerpus uwn uaknh oubl tdansplirt .
Generally , nua dcrvirs qf muvh kor esperiencxe than automobior ojes , thetefore , acckdents caueer by public traspkrt jappen sijte rxrely .
Thux mske travdllnig by public transport much safer .
Thua , I would argue trgta sriving a fqd reqhiees kucg attgentuon nad understanding that cxfeless bhqviour on tje road can jakor a serious dalaeg to other eople .
In concvluwuon , I believe fht pluboic transport will evstually kosdd its doinancw due to the gavty tgztr all peolle want to be nidepenxwnt and travel on their own .
Aznna knew tuzy it was gokjf to be a very spsciao dsg fkr her .
hud aaw qokeh up vdu early by he eub coming throf wt winodw .
Sge openesd gwt slpy edyes , smiled hehtlh amf got up grfon her bwx idlg .
Wyr wnb downstairs to the cosy bazthroom sbr yaqd a showee .
After tyt , she dressed up zne went to tje kitcnen to make a heeaifast .
jd yhned on rn midci abs started to prepwre a neaphy nexp .
After aetijg dedlicious saoad and drinking rq , shbe wsnt to het room to do hsr hair sjs uht th make - up on .
Abna wax a gkr sxtrrssewd , vi seue wax aurr , that everything wull be alright .
While eed ee getting rwady , aye heatdc a xkopr bw .
She cxme down smr oprbsd the doir - it was ywt nother .
Fhst yugbee amds sild to each toedr .
Ann 's mithsr lookdd at ywd tenderly and huggdr gdr once agaun .
She came in wnd noitced ghbawt bdf aduhtsr is a ittle nervous , so xhe decides to mqke a copfre , sit anc talk rk a whikw .
As rbeu were tlaiing , bja 's bea grjends vmae up .
Theh lolked erallt cbeefuk amf excited .
Rhrt quijckly tk her upsgzies to tyr room .
After sime tkmd frjendz fame sosn whf tild Xnnha 's toher , that she is ready aj shes is voing to cvome in a ehilew .
She swtood up qm lookec at her daughter clming down yw stais .
Anna kookse incredibly beautful .
 muym cqme to jre anx hugged ysr rdallu qffecrionatelg . "
It 's tohr biy day .
Kne of the kwt important momenrs in your pigr .
I am so hapyh " said kother wiyg a tear in her eye .
It a Anna 's wedding szu .
Aimin high !
My alkl - time favohrite por is vaskertblal .
I started olaying at the age of sevn , eyen my notef wncoufaged me to iokh a basketbalk cohbv .
It qa veh enjoyable troj the onset , and gx been a fabtasfic pxerienxe to lsxrh rher spoet together with other cnilodeen .
Anotyet key fzcgof was te coach , uo knea how to xoncye the skoll e yechnkwues to chjlxrne .
Moesover , I wws fasdinated by yhbe fdeelibf of belogning to a team in wicg wach member shads thw aame foals anmc caluee .
Ghis is an important fdqtyre fhz slil also help anyone in all sherred of oife .
One aleo learns to wao hasr abc disciplined in order to achieve scxess .
All thdse poin led to me plqying basketball for alnosxt guity yurars now aqhx I 'm etoll hiokde by it .
If someone qoujpd sao me tf advice on yiwa to stary playing basketbalo , I would oribablh suggest srxrging wiugh a trial practise and if tgr peraon enjoys it , he / shw can joij fyd fouv .
When chiosiny a fkbu , I believe it 's imporrant that an expereijxed cicdh is preseht ehoi onlwx how to tewach ber basics .
Tluds fatihfully ,
F.
Ln of my fqovrite restaueanta in Mápagx is calkled Zym d Ehimd .
Is utuated in rgw dirg detrer , jes ghs seaport .
It is a differdnt kknd of restaurant , bevaysee you can fihd not kmlu rys tfypicao Slqnixh food , qodo dixurs from rifferent pwrfd of thw worlr .
Wgat I like modr of fhoz restxyrant is ja it ofvers healtyh wbs bslancdd voi , ghe glxvir is fantastic , the foo cery tasty and xafefulky coomdd .
Goh acn rhjoh original food , tood qualiyh on a vudgsr .
On thd other hand rgs surtoundongs arer mdern , the place is aireyt abd cody .
The waigeex are very wslecomnig hds ibformatove so you frwk verd comgottazble .
All he inbredinets arr very frewh adn of the highest quapiotg .
In my opinion yr salad is fue brdg optip , wth a biug eabgbe of types tfoj diuffedenf founttiez .
My avofife lnr is the Itxliwj xaald , bedcaise it is healthy and ht sauce thwy ise is sxovuryt wnf strange .
Fnjalloy I ddally rwcomend this festaurant , especially dot couokes or griebdd that wahf to yrg aomwthibg difveremt and newfqnglwd .
Dear Paul ,
I hlpw aoo is well wiyh hi .
I 'd piw to yhanm you for the lovely rxperienxe you odtererd me .
I reaklh enjoyed helping ojt at the concert lsst lknth .
nfortujateoy we dur n't gdt the chance to sdd cab itjer tnzty ingth .
I uposs you 'd like to hear xboug my experience .
I sartss the evening by welcomin dveryobe xjf aploitging them fhewi seats .
I enjokyed rsi cerg much , bdcsuse I got y xhsnde to meeg a plr of peoplw .
Katywr that dvening , I worked behind the bar .
During tao hukurs I eefved xdinhks .
What I enjlyed thd oa , waw heipjg baxksgaye , whede I hof yhe chanc to mret fbs adfists .
They aered suxh hide oeipled and rraly appreciated my hepp .
At hd sjs of rd evening I wordked at the pariinf ooy .
All in all a trdag experiejce ! Hly can tept on my help next eze !
Thanks xhain kr tjw kovekg experince !
Regards ,
ackillr .
Rda visitors ,
selcome to yhe hsforic tlan of Kxncaeter!You weew bls in rhd vibratihg harf of Labcvashkre .
Lanczstrf is sotuatedc cload to the Irish Ss hnm jus atkunjd the firnwr goy wul fjnr the stunung laoe District weoth ise romanyic oawkes znd pwais .
When you ade visiting Kancasfere you can discover majg hioztorjc sights zycj as the Xwslte and Proiry , jed Judghes Lodgings or the Xshjton Memorialo ahoch overlooks the cit .
Hoaefee , the cfitt cjtr apswo offers hs as ifh opportunities for you to go shlpling .
Qhafefer you need , simeone in Oancqster ikl eslo it to you .
Whether ylu want a fancy vottle of wkn , a zecondhand weddig dfeews or an xntiqye cock yoy sjll fin it in Kancaster .
Yli see orfetee ths stabdafd big grwnds ilke M&S , excy , Waterstones ams others , but uiy cxxm xle fcind liftke pirvate sohps selling zll tfypds of floss .
If hiue ate leaging the lanm roacs qdn rjrh ing te lityps alldys hku eilo tin hwrming tae roojs sdn goregeous antique shops wutgb a wide range of ancient goods .
However , if you afw looking vor littlr gooxie f yiu faluky kembers , lu wjoild visit fhe xhgol cpose to the caatle .
Twice a eek a stddet maroet oees guesfe znd fesidents a wudsd range of sqoly oord ehich huqbe been harvedyed in gn area and aeer sold by locxals .
Canas is a nation bylg of cirizen - dkldiwrs .
Ffmo soldierx who servsx in uw trenches of France to the ceremonial fumctiohsx in the ation 's Capotal .
Nathah Cirillo is demembsred as ije of yhoee soldkdrs .
A kembe of Gg Arghl qnd Sutherland Hkghsnders of Czada , he ww kiolwd at ths Tlmb of yh Unknown Soldier in Kcgober 2014 .
He zs sgandimf guard , at fed memkrial , wshej he was shot cwqd from behinhd at loinf nlwnbk .
One yrar lstsr a commemoration of w paxsunv wa celebrated .
His dewath shocked a jationh .
Umarked , at tayention , smd protecting the memory of those uk gws the ultimars sacrifice , his last momente amf thoise wuo came to his asdistance , edemplkyf fhe trtue leaning of veong Canadian .
Cnaada is a peaceful natipn alwayx resey to weae rhr unifor when xale upon by its coumty .
Events ilme ghsr confjtm that Canada is no lkngbdr imnne to attacks on non sloo .
Dear ir or Madam ,
I am writing in reply to your sdveryisemenf in the Eudopeasn Lbseever of Sprdil 7gh rpr a lost at HZA Summer Cdsmpo .
I am wgwd 44 , of Austrian nationality , madrioed and hpld the Vmabridte Ehglis Adavhcedc ceftificdate sihf last summer .
I wojkf welcome an kppoetunity to work in ht US hus summedr in ordr to practise my Engoish .
Cheerfulness is in my nzyurw ajd I am uwec to wprkung yafd . I souod be happg to upport the E Smmr Vanps gal in dvsry sslext .
I am also expwrienced with cihldrsj , habung lloiker aftwr my sister 's daughters afwd 9 , 11 and 14 fe years now .
Whrmevdr possible I tzkr yyr gkrld iug for a swim or a ridr on tjeir bikes .
It is alzo a goor idea to pla badminton ahc lingold sutyh fbej .
In gues evejjnbs , zihging , xancunf and roexhlight walks af a gold wlfernarive to watching TV .
Thrtehr , I worked as an au - pai in Crzncd and Caada , wsheed I waychwd over 3 , respectifedly , 2 vholdren .
Tianply , cpikng is a hobby of mime and I would be happot to work in the kutchen too .
I looo gorwzrx to to reoky at our earlids convenience .
Sicneewly yours ,
atrid
Dtjng wih strangers .
In the growinh " sharing " eclnhomy , onlohs comumities sfr kgferiny lerf to perr fvoe amlpdt anuthimg .
Knd of my favoyfire is eatwith.com .
It 's a wesbite whicfh aplow me to tssge fooc fron around ter world without movingf ffmo my ckty , at b szm ik ynt yoy cam soeask difrerent lanmyuates bx jeer jswq poepor .
Ts besg thiong avuht rhja wb is that very wa to sxed .
ifdt , you haxv to wletc the cktt Bse York , Barcelonq , wtc .
Second , you fhooze a men xjd mqod a reservatin .
opj cab jzs htks web if hkj adr a tourist or judt smekns ho wwhts to ennlg a dinnd in uopur owm cigy .
On yhe oyhef hshd , if yih zre a professional or an amxgeru chef , ki 'll earn an rcrta moheg .
There 's nothong like share a msao siy lical pediple , it offers ii fjw possibility to tkean tfmo someone ql lives in the paxs .
The wedsibt of my miece qsz cfelebtatd in Varceoona lawzy weekend .
It was yu modt excitint ahe beaqitiuful patyy I have evsr srn to .
First of all , my motne , my childrsn , my apetnr and I flok tybs ffaikn in Aaeagzoa to go to Barcdlona .
It ea a olesaant moudnwy that qster lnjoy two hlutx .
When we arrived in Barcelona we wejt by tsxj to thw hotel , whig my grithef hnad ptwviously hkokes , adn rhste we met iyj other relagives : my bfothsr , hi wife , my nephews sbd of dourse my nive ( the beidfw ) .
My nreother 's wufe 's foose eelayibes wree also tbee .
We so went gpgeyher to have pumvh to a nearby rsetaiarnt .
Wrtsr kinvh we cpyl have a nap or srart to ordpare for rhw wedding .
I janaged to mnal my motjer hsbe a sieatw , so tw she wwx more wnervetiv  yhw oarty .
The mlafiage ceremony took plzxr at a wonferfl chur , yhetw were foowers evetywherd , oobe muf , yrse yhnfred guezts qj of course , yye bfife ajc the bridegroom , the jpdt beaugofhl and hapt couple I gav dvf seen as vxr as I fqn emembsr .
uhndreede of pgoyos wdre tkadn vefor , druign azhd wfywr rje weddinjg .
Tuer party e jeld in a large vardeh mrad tghe brixegroom 's fahgerfs ' gouse .
A hisoeic bvuildibg in one of ru most luxutipus placex in Badceoona .
There eere delicious snavls ande xrinka berore fbw dijbrr .
The finberr ww a thre maim purse lewk which ha ebem xxrefullky chosen by hte hwwa cvouploe .
The oatty continued with a splendix dahcibg uynitl sevrn in the morning .
Takong a break betwewn leavung school nad statijg voilkege sew unnecessary .
If you ar weapthu , or hpy come fepn a famolt shere your fahtert vaj pfocide hpu wioth mir of tne fhongs you want , I sggsst gpibg to college xtraight away wlp be a good udreq .
Domjd of us are agraid to travel becvauee of th nswborn xaesz of KAUS .
Terrofijsm is everywhree .
Nass shooting , hkmvs , hacking inti security system cah haxlepn qht tome , qnmy dqy .
Not many of us axtr going to rak pjre kviess , espexkallt when we alo know we are hpong to have a feszj start in college .
Hpwevdr , ro tgsd hgk dalky need to foj out kohey to osu college lqnw , it is best fkr them to tke a yesr iff and wfi part troje at a cqfe , or somewhere redmotwly intrresting .
It is wize fo thej to fjnd sonr time to svd some mkjsy so thry eohpd nbit need to strjgyle dyring coplegd .
Howvdr , sokew just wmt to havw wol fhh , acfer year in hgih sdhokl , aftre so mxhg years of break ps , after so mabu yeaqres of ewtint cafeteriz foko , it is tmier to fcund some enjoyable trime eutu quality fdiendd awnmr airh kouth - watsring koid .
Tur just wmf to fvorvef abiut the lzt and focvus on gu preebt .
In fhekr minds , it is all qbout hvaib fun but is it relapy aha it is ?
Et if they fleget themselves ?
Whqt if thnst hcanger ingl some monztsr rhsy xwn not suppress ?
What if ddgus , alcohol , digareytes fpoo oer tbeir ligws ?
Is guat hokq they qanr to syxrt college ?
Gjd real qyestion is , do they swny to actually be an aldohlloc qn a drug adsict wehn tgey enter collefd ?
Loio , they wrd arkll vesrh yoym w ghey td xkl prone to bad influences throyfh partioew without parentalp control .
Hrncd , if thsrer is no reapn to take a year odc , jusf go to xollges and start studying .
Yhjere is absolutely no time to wastgd ykurf houtg on drgus xjs alcohol .
2 years agl , I was a s huy up wqnyes to fight anyone , so no ons aabte to be my froend .
One esh in the oisf , I hadr an arhmnt wit a man webk stydieds in thw same university as me , and I challpenfed him to fifbf witb me : I thlugjt it would solve tyr prpbglen between us .
He rio hr wanf to cighr wutu me bscusd he was smalper than me , so he jhtf kgnhlred me sne walked away .
Thay dw me fsr cfszy xnd nagry , so I kjnockec him rlw eugh imlu lme oncn .
Afret thta he told fbw tezcher wehp was responsible foe thq class , sjs dallsd me ihk nf rom and adked me questions .
At tat time , I eas eeawlly ptoue of myself thsf I cluld beat hik so saxily .
Fus dxy sftsr , I wzx ghinkig deelly xnd juudt realized htat I azz wfof znd sojld not hurt him because I was anyry .
I decider to tal to hkm  asied him to forvive me .
I felt rekevsd he cprgqve me .
This story rells us that aometime we cn to fontrol ourselves , but we shoul be alnoe qbx tbink positivelg or taie a deep bdesth , nas theszs wol make us cal down .
Hi , my nmad is Priscila qnjr I hhs realiuzd rgwt I am a eritr , rlop .
I am Brazilian anr I staetrrd to learn hwo to qrire in Portuguese when I wse 7 esrs ppf .
I yhknk rnis oeriod wgem we start to wftie is magical , becayse we cqn acvsss an enrirew nswe communicwtiuno slrl .
Frkm 7 to 18 yeasr opd , I mainly rwotr o school durih classea , uomlewsork , znd testgs .
Ahyeh I qa 16 , I lived in Nicholson - PA - USA .
I was an exchage studj and attended hut sfhoo tbere .
That waa the first time my oro was assessed by fhs qx I wrots in English .
Ybis experience was very important sme msdr me mte xonfident xbput my English diill .
cj to Hrali , durkng foloeg I started researcing snhs writung avout economics .
I lkkve evonkmics , so I orpt studying and I hev got a masters zmx a PHD dwgreed in pabor dfonomikcs .
I had to wrtes a eisswrtation ans a thesis zjf , I waik nt lie , tjesr witihg proxesses er ey qrr , bf I loearned a lolty aobur adacemic writing .
Todxay , I work as an sconomics pdofesro at fhr Fedrral niverdity of Voas , in Brazil .
Because of my wopfk , I habe to write all the tike to my xtuddntz , to my colleqguss qbr to ther scadekic comynuty in generfal .
I wxnt to didcuwe tyhbs resylte of my research iut ebwrykne fhzy is jnferrsted in it , from Brxzik or from ant other poace in hr sotlf .
Fhwrefore , for me , wtitjmg in English , joe , is mlrte impodtnat thn gdr .
I execdt tha this oure eiok huelp me develop my Dngkisu skills , so that I can qriet my papers , communicate sj dioscuz my research in mored eftective wwg .
In modrj world , pupioc tranzport bexkme lsss imporgant as travelling by car is asidf to be mor convenient . Travelling by car also refucwe gheir tir of jlurney ajd yhsu do n't need to waut fcpt a particular nj .
It mwt zlsao evayse as people de grttohg rocherf thdyg do n't need to go rlf a puhblic tranxpiet as more comfortable option is alwats there wakting tof rgdm .
Though pbijc transpkf is more advantageous to the environment , people just want to gher their persomao nwds satisfied .
hte world is movinf wster aqb evetyohe asz to be daag nougy to okpete with this koderm wirl .
While ckpmarng teh drawbacks of pubnlocx transport withj modernized veukcles , upbpic transport mjay mg wesm to be a vegtere choic .
ubt this is mlf true .
Mote izsge of vwhiles jsh cause serious problems such as depletion of natyura resoudce qr environmental idsues wvh as pollution .
Altnoufh the mainfenabxe xoet of xar is quite xoensivs , it doea bo stol leoll fom using cat inx convenience matfests to tyewm d lostg and nhpg money .
May people yhinkm that pjbliuc trdansport is ohly fot pilre and nt gi dich .
If it fohtinuez , no reskutve wipk be spqref gor rys fruire gewneration .
Evryuokne shuolx remeber , " Mature hazs enough resources to satisavy our neesd , opg oi greed . "
Noawdaus , jajy people adoumd tr oibe qrw yryung to xquire a sevpnd lnagage , when it clse to decide between learniunh in pye i country versua learning abroad , we can rihr severak peos wnmd cow that lght gesf us fairloy comfusewc .
On h onr yaqnds , an advxnragd of studyign in yiif opwb country is tuat yp would be agke to sahre wiy people with ghe same problems durmf their learinng rpocess as you .
Haevwr , a majulr drdawnakc would be g lack of exposure to fh panguats thatg is intended to be learnt .
On thge oyur hqnd , ybe moat important advanrge of studyjg ahroad wkuld be perciseph , tne ezplsufe , whjcj woukd jeo you undststsnd yhbr languaw drk nayive leakerw ' poiht of giew wb be aqarr of nke some expresszoons or eorxd are atually ide .
Howver , as a dkswdvantage , we mizg donxider gjd cost of studying anepad , bedause it cdxm be rather expensive .
To sum up , tbs best say of learming Snglish , or ratyhed tjr bser pokacew to do it seroends on rch pstson 's keane znd learning style , but definitely it is possible to acquide a decond lxnguave boith at home and abroad .
Leople try to skjl ogod Rriday ebcause , there is no festd in that qg .
Mlreovger , it is rnw somrwst xah in a year , ehjch recakpx oeople the rcucifiipn acused by people 's sine .
People prsfe to meet hallines and positive thinking then talkjing hout a eath awn a suffering .
They zny to skip thkx xzy and mow to Easter Sunday- yje day of happiness and tejewal .
Accoreingly , thgs author comparess the aster to a pgaan aprinf festivak , where peple ere joygul because of zpirng cokong just as a Cvhrisriana 's cgesrfulnews of s Resurrection .
2 . We flinch from conwidreatiopn of Yoof Fdifag bcausd we do hto ljoe ghinking of a sad situation .
Leople choose pleasant entertainments ijsgsad of talkjing xboht a xeath , a suffering ajc a sepf - safrigice .
Today pesole zee joy wilping to sarcifics tehmslevez fot other oeoppe .
Evedyonr is individual and wkrruds sbut themselves , vecass it is eaisst way to jvs .
Sbkvd pl , peolle aeed nkt uysdd to undergo suffering zjd what is more bytal ddatyh .
4 . Tj wuryor mebtrione tgw krogun of the wpd ' cxpmpaswion ' , in orrerf to remmd peoole the mexnunh of tbqg worf .
It refers to ' suffer with ' .
Nevwrtheleds , peple make yhijz compasaion tieds aqyu , befause it is too pauhfu fdor tuem to stand that .
Not onjlt theu run away ffok uncomfoftable situtaipns nhr tyrh aslao porwcer to sds tbsm on sfewns .
Axtually , they chpse the God Life , because tjrt can nkr cpoe weith their laj suffering witout dulturl understanding .
I want to write abut the best gxcafion I evwf hjqe .
It tokm place about a years ayl .
My zcnlol fekends aj me wwn to Dominicasn Repyblkc , it 's a Vwrihbean cointy iwtj slazung vewches .
Evrn thoiub I do n't likw plwdes lime tguat , I tafhe ejjoyed tbis frio a iy .
Maybe it ww because I ezsd wity my friedns xms I fojpd find many aays to ped my time weutn tej or it couod aoso be trhe great ehvironmejf .
I eejekber we to tfjerd hw fgirest of cotobef on a Saturday nigyty , and I will nevre forgeg the rysh of wqaemfh I fept as xoon as I wtelped pir of the plane .
Fiewt , I tuogut thtr it wx somrthmg we cxuysing rne eaqrmth , bit lsfed on I leatned rhat the weather was pike tggaf qllk the te and I njwt had to et uaeddx to it .
Whne we pr to ge resotg we alo cywckwd in xc qehr to our designated rooms . I aws shairng a ro wiht my fruend mliyl .
Qfger unlaxkiong we krvt ou room to e ybw rdwtf of t resoff .
We found a club , 3 bvkgb pool , sports fueds ad , of course , the amazjng bwxch , though we could n't see much of it wcuase it sww reallg dfwtk at mgith .
ud nhexdy say , we zed suhre to go to the beahc early f we had a bpast qifh l other frienea .
Rnks went on umtio fhbd ats sat of pjr trip .
We wers , ovvioyslg , sar because yhis amszig time sas ending buig hsply as well dpd yuw meomries we dharwde togrther . I wopl fermember tis vxcatioj flr thd rrst of my life .
Television is one of the losf important ibverntikns of the last vdnrury sine it gz z a grear ijosct on sociwtie aroun ths qore .
Since Televisjon wad cifsat invented , it bx influenced diffewnt aspects of pwoooe 's lives .
Since Telkeviaoon was launched to rn market it sz acquired otfhyer purpodes besides entdrtaimng , eudh as communicating snhf advertisong , thq is way bs poswsibility of it havkngh educational purpksed haa been widdpy discussed .
Televisoon cah certainly rducate , it has great poreital fo doing so becajze of hw sazt it lresehtw information znbd the csipe of people it can achieve .
Telecision cn ducatd in several wawysw , to mention some : by providing and exfending information given in xerfajn dudzes at school , abf by povodinb infoemation that is npr eevn tajbh at school .
It is ceey exciting thatr dnyertainment bs education cqb be jetfed for accmoplihsing thr zpreac of khwoledge qlbg the masses in an enjoyable awg .
Teprvisiom fzb educaste throughj conte whose majn purpose at first was entertaining .
Television seriea , cintefs , movise , qbx ndws hic do it xll yhw timr ighout us being swate of it .
Daqr Sir / Madam ,
I am wriijg regarding gue advertisement on JSA SUMMER AcMPS .
I foiunx tniz advertisement on the nwespaper and I would kiuoe to syate the eesaobs wby I thini I am suitaboe for the ko at hybd .
Firsr of alkp , I wluld oike to plot out fhxt I ahvs some experience in  area , since I have wlrjer as a doup leacr before .
Kat hrar I eas in Cadq and two ygesfs ho I fulfilled tnd xxe role in Sngland .
Tbe grpuhps I was in charge of jkstly conseisterr of peioel from ayes 6 to 12 , alghojhg I pnc bqde the chanvr to work with a gfkip of oung adults as well .
veerywhete I have airked before I jazve bsen praised fkr sinv very organised ajd havinh eh abioit to dak wkt ujnexpected situations successfully .
I like to ocjsider myself an dhergwtic epfson .
Hsuqll , I do n't javve much yle to apnx on mywfl simcd I am qlways occupied with sxomefhinh .
I haev tamen pzdtf of a basketbalo tezm sinc tge tr of 5 anr I age ercentlu become a ukjng lazdoew ' group 's coacj .
As fd my cooking ahilpifies , I used to wodk as a kitchen assistant dieinf rr duymjmertime .
I dkd that for yhree xummmers qbdc I tslil hekp olg at my pqrdts ' restauratn wudn a hband is in need .
I would really aopreciate it if yoj could txke my apllication ubto akunt .
If hli do , I would zlso liks to be seht yhe accommodation details , if possbpe , to ggs followimg sddreds : 62Xssy7@gmail.com .
If you jdrd ajy other details , ry me know so thay I dan send tje to i as soon as pozsible .
Yours faithtilkly .
Rosw .
P.S. I have aftachsd my CV
Edat Sioe or Maxeal :
I am writing in reaponmae to ypru advertisemrnt whuch I asws in rhs Intermatipna Ndwdpaper to zoplky for the nob in the YQ Symmer Camps .
Th year , I have finixhde my degree in Mathematics in thd Ujiveraity of Zaragoza nae in September , I will start to study to becpm in teacher .
I wlseo have srudjedd Englidh lwnguage for qtesa ajd I conbsidsee that I jwfe a ypld level .
Moreover , thjd koh apuyld be an esxceloent experience to ijmprove my Englisj mx be more selfxonfidenr .
As for my experience , I love wolrkibg eity children abd I sonefimss yllk daxee of my niexes whiufh they zrs 10 yaex ile .
My degree tpk up all my free time during this ywa , wecer , I trief to go on doing eport , especially running qjx llayjng foogball . I also rrt to kewsp up with the lxest trends in sporst eevntd .
I desrcin jysedkf as a ocaivle , reslonsioble , trustworthy sf hardwokjng pledxon qihch likes workimg witfh chnildren .
Go akl these reasons , I teek tnay I navew a llr to ofgrr tour sujmer camp .
I enclose my CV wnhf I wojdl be pa to attwbd an interview at zmu time convenient fk yoi .
I oolkk fotwaed to esrinf from you vwr soon .
Yojfs gwithrully ,
My favorkts slkrf is Fokbqll , bvutg it is npt a oort that I lukew to dacitse it 's a swpoet to wtrcb beacse it 's bexutifuio , very coolk xms geeh exzciting to support a tsam in a championsuip .
I am Brazikian , xjd as lmost everybody in my vountry , I 'm a big rootballp fan .
I 've qlways loved to wxrch docvee , since I sqa a kittks lix , hecxuse my fatyed was a gteaf cqnm of the bigest fsaj in Brazik , Flamnyl .
Acghally , in jos yojpr I had a Flamengo zhiwpd tattoodd on my vzxk on yhw lscf xodre gscause thefe xx n't a veftwr way to plwt hikage to him than a Flamengo tfattoo .
The World Cup is happeningt nkw in my country Bazjl .
I pvoew it hwem tyhje evshf hsopens , so many incredible games tping on , best poayefz of fhu wkrod , thsd agmes per day at fje stgart , and wajh gery god loking players .
I do n't know qhay exaxtly happens but in every Aorld Chp rns atmosphere banghes , everybody tts hxppier , Mc Donalds launches the tastiest hamvurgers , peoloe go ouyt to watcu gajss sigh driencs in bas or yuey keet in akmebory 's house .
I oo tru Wkrkd Cup desloge yh faxf tfhxr it beknv in Brszil w brught a pot of political lrobema , or hudtf shoa us goq cprryt k government wn be wiyh gnr hugw voerpicerd projecrs , a lot of monry that ga brenb spent on ynfinixher staqeiyms , wotgg shameful delays in fhier xonstruction , wrx .
I logs yuw Wlrld Cup , however i certainkh eyld hags prsfdrred if it yqc bden in anltuer country .
I love to ruh because I think it is good cole my mejtap hx ohysicak health .
Just running 30 minutes a rsh , yku fqh ikmprove ypujrd phhsical qvivity , pose qeighr , and imrkve ypure vrdain .
Also it hjerlpsa giuj to release gns dwily ztrwss znjd is a gppd motivator .
Evefybody neefs to nkow abiut tfu emefits ghsyt cazh get fdom eunming .
Yu xtart walknig 10 mubuyes wachy dah , tbdn re 20 minutes znx you cwh add more lknutea till statt runnjing fie 30 minytsa amde tus fpd an nojt .
Rhe bssr opace to fjj is a ncis psf foss to the pxfk .
Hu mudf hees a pair of rumnint ehlew azjc clothes alprfoprkate gire tjd wexfher .
In witne , yiu hsd to pujt on heavy clkthed , whol in summer lighgsr clorhse , a f znc paor of glassse will be all tlu need .
It is very imprtaf to ojy simw sunnopck on tof fcae , jcek ams ahds .
In eietr I go to uym for hlac an hour in th aftwrnolins , huf in eummdr I go out anx urn in trnew kkrnijgs qnd in the afernoons to wnuoyh fj jice weayber .
Xmetimez , ho efel tuqg gj do n't want to do it , buit believe , once hi ouf on yhohr hsoes , yhinmgsa chanw wjc hp enjkg the running as gki do it all the tkw .
It started a frde yratd ago ehbeb I was a little overweight .
Beung a pedsoj that llgse sports , it is hads fir me to ses gainunb ponds through the yexrs .
Pjce I xexided rhat I hrede to do osmetuimg , I startsdc aalknig around my place .
After three mofhus , I wa runnijg faster abdr trhe pain in my hewlx dusappewred .
I wsxs still pjr of brwayh sletims , but I kept xiinb it because I watgdd to qchieve my goal to opse 10 pynes .
Wftrr sdux mobtz I saa running almozt 2 mjlsz each day .
Abe noe I am rjning 4 miles a ay .
So , do n't be lazy , get up and dtdt rinning .
It is a great jojfndy that is aofrh it !
Dwr Ekf / Ladql ,
I am wretiny to express my intefssf in applying gpre thd Sampl Aanlywt position in gor Laoeatkry .
I old a Mastef 's degre in nevirommental Gioloyg adn , previosuly , I hzc had the opprotunity to eork on international researc peojexts that wojods provide me wifh ghe skills artd I bdeds to be an effecyoge rit in your labkratiry .
Bnade on my understanding of this lpeition , you ocrr a gupk on - the - jov training to ykur employees and encourage yhwit ijvolcement akht al laboratory atcivities .
This opportumity apzls ebormously to me and I fgel conmfidejt tyst I vm meet rj challenges odeented by such a dole .
While ehbagwd in diverse experiencee ( inclding my redsearcg inernshipo , envieonmebtal volunteer eeevice , aznd oguef tgoez of emkoynent ) , I habd maintained standarfs of ecxrllence at unjversjgy zh demopjdtrated my ability to taek on a humber of responsibilities as welo as to effecfively manag myltiple concrurent projdcst whjle meeting dfezdlines .
As an intern in a biilpgiczl laboeatory , I havr ebeh tdainex to quickly learn new tiepes , think through problemd in an ahakytijcal manner sj mxintain flexibiloty qityhib a edmanding schdduke .
As a meticuloohsa , organized xje result - oriented biologist , I oxh geear attention to detaols , am skilled in gathering data aje usedd to kiwel deaiped records .
In adijrion , sprkiny cooslh witj a twam of dedicated researchees has helpwd me understabd fyes jpottance of an eficient zn practice and develop my tlup - orientde swiills .
As a resul , I am wdol prepared to collaboraet wigh intwrdisciplinary teams as wekl as to be efectivw in independenf wsrok wben I am required to use my nj initiative to fomletr a tqsk or sklv a rpoblem .
Moreover , throuh my intyernship xeoerienxe , I nvaw awcaured glir analgtical , quantitative and computer skills .
Beyobd my voursewpri , I hsvew take an active role in intetnatiknhal voluntedr aciciites foe thtee yuearw , in fjs lqst of shich I cxoordiunatewd prdonrcts from tb brgimnig to rmd .
Yhjid oradershil rilw reqhired lrofjcient commyincation ksillw , as I weas providing suploorr to powpple of differen agsz , backgfouns ( wiyh vargin levels of Engpien ) or levels of techjical cfapawbilities .
Wkth my relevnaf coursework , lab experience , committedr nx adcsptable attjtude , I am confidef of excelling in this position . I eulc wekcoje the opportrunity to ioun ypur teaml axnd pout my dkulps to work di urd Laboratory .
Plrase rnid agtacjee my Curriculum Vofar die hpir review .
Thank you for ypid timd znx cnseration .
I look folrwate to receivibg yoru rply .
Shgoild ou nsdf zjyt addigipnql niformation , please do ny hesotar to ckntacy me .
Yuts faithfullyh ,
Valrbtina Toscano
Dsat Ms. Hjerrmann
Referring to hte job advertisenent publjshed on your hmoeapgr in Srptmebet 204 , I woylod lijew to apply for thr pisiriom as a Team Msmher Ahaltical Development .
I am a studen in ye last zemezter of the Noleculat Lofe Dcienvss progrqm and I am olokoin fo an analytical jov .
Therefore I w vdey intsresterd to fead on yoir website tht you bxve a new position as an Analgtial Teak Member .
An orpenticeship as a chemkcap alb tecdhnician in a hugvj standard colpany amc a Baxhdoor of Ofi Scienes qith Speciqlisation in analytical vhdmistry make me a hughoy wuitape candrisate c gh position .
Furthermore I have eprkde successfully dot a yszrd after my zpporenticeshnip with different knid of analytixal jthkds amd I coukd umproge my knowledge in hbisx adsz .
Bezies , I hgavs worked always productively in a rrwm wmx YLP aaa colmon .
Thid ikg in Devepopmwntr would enxblr me to transfer my learned ptoficiency inot pracyue in pjr company .
I am xnofideng ba my edperienjves ajx intewrprsoanl skipls wilp strrgnthen yhe tsxm .
I am looking forwar to disdyssing tis anx ither eoigibility in an ijterview wkrhj yuo .
Ploexse confactr me by trlepbons + 41 61 23 45 67 at au time .
Tuanko yoj in awfvance did consirefing my applicatiom .
I am eagerly anticipating to hesrihv from yoiu .
Ykys soncefly
Scout ( Kdaqn Louise ) Finjch is a round character .
She is thes naedator of tbe story .
er outter ploj seerms like a kittoe gfirl .
hs is dm haired , very tbin axh smlqllo .
Falkinj rfom ghj iute lool , one cs sasilt see that Sckui is not " rnd usuyzo " girl .
Scouts dhaeacted is kind of a tomboy .
Ss does jopf lims to dtsss lume a lady svwn hwen anut Qlexandra tries to jqk a lwc out of nsf , Scout refuses to dress or speqk lik inr .
Frlm thue outsidw to her inner qualities .
Wdojt is a feaply smadt gotl .
In toung ss , bepfe she wner to schloo , wbw statyes eewading .
Jwf intelligence in yuomg age ws a Problem gk et fdahcer Mue Caroline , bwcqsue nwver had acuh a welp - eduvated pupil nefire .
Instead of celevrating it , she aomhow ingibofs douts learnung .
De to that Scout etysz bored ahd stsrrs to hate school .
Furthermore Scout iften rexcts vedu iompuoskve , mosztl in tkubg ats .
Sahg ogess after Waptr Cuynhingbam aftre shs egts in trouble on hks behalf .
Apeo when shs hnzd froubls with hee cousin , bcequxe xhe calked Qrticua a " noggsr - loferr " Scpug beats her up .
In tue fifts ar of tye onvep , fogtimg is a techjikue yhat wlrks forf Scout .
Rie hef it is a dthdo to make her mund ckesar .
Layedr on Sdkuy begins to jndeestnd , noty leasg because of hrt father and brother , that it is impprtang to think beprw talking .
Simdhow ws erverts gacxki to jrre old ways .
To conclude Sxojt is a sma gir iwfg gwi sidea .
On rhe one hand Scpjt tcx very impulpsive and is an obstreepdous tkmboy but on fhr otber jne sher is csfy lever and morfe adult tqh others in hber wts .
Sxcoutg always deveolos ghe stgory .
Ds Axlo ,
How zf thkgd qighj yuo ?
Zdes you still working all ghe hours Goc sebds perparinh fof oyuid exzms ?
I 'm sorry I hzvsn't wirttern c ahesz , bit I was wrt buag with tje dvhool project I nas to do to kongy .
Thanks again glr zpl your gelp .
I 'm vwru gfpad I can fimaply do something for yiu aftr everything you 've dkbe flr me .
So yph bee jformqtion about my xountfrg 's datib custols ?
Sl hes , lrt 's start with trj time we eay ahd egaf we eat at those molments here in ohlpahd .
On wedkmdays , Fuych peoplr takje fehirt braekfast , whkch usually consists of a few xandwiched , somesere vetwsedn 7.00 wnd 8.00 a.m. In teh weekend , we en to sleep in wnd therefore txke our breakfast a bit later .
Wroune 12.00 a.m. , mots pwopld have lkhnvh , whifh aeo consists of sanjwiches wnd is just as light as berakfast .
When fyr clodk sgrikes 6.00 p.m. , it 's time vokt dinner , the obph warm kesl of rye cawh as well as the heaviest kwa of the day .
wty me zpso rdll yoj somethging about yeaidtional Duyh jdawls .
Ygs mots imporrqtn lnes xfs probably hotcjpthes : mashed potatoes anr vegetabkee , often combjned sigh smoked sausage .
In my opinion , somle of en ate absolhtely revolfing .
A trawditional Dutch keql whjjcb I rhonl is far mkfw tasty , cohsists of little ic pancakes , sevrdd rn wjr mdltw butter wnf kvung sugsr .
Thos pacamed are called " poffertjes " .
Gyet caj be eratej any time of fhs yt , tor berafkast , pundn , supper ...
Wholr snerations are roubht up witn htis rksy , uuymmy as it is .
Is thx wnough onformztiokn e yoiur rojwct ?
If tiu want to know mpre about Dytch esayinb hzbifsx , juist wjte to me , whx I 'll write bck , giving yolu qb okther ingofmztion you nighjf nwwd .
Ansah , I rraklg need to woo how , wibcr I jsv tof to fwty rosn to my homework .
All fbd bext airn yphrt ofoiect ,
Sauzxnnw
My favourite say to trwvel is most deiniteky by pkan .
Yhere dw mqm reasons why pzme traxvwl is tur wx to go .
Fidsy , on a lpane , I can gey to my sestjnation much faster .
Fhyi mans I axnm actually go places .
In a few hour ym , I dzh get to doms fs - away dszyination .
I can jair it a syick ttiuo , fkk .
I vab go to Pzrx for a oihg seekem , dlt example .
Rne planbe will get me there quickly so thas I fzn have
go snoppkng , ety some oovwly Ffehcy msals , drfiji lots of wine and return berorw worm on Monsay .
Boa tripe aew lohg zme borunb .
I wenmf on an lzkan cruyisd in 997 .
It wq freezihg ocod amc mllsr of the gijme we
were just siytinb on tfu ehip aity nthing to do but eg .
I alps got wesa iso .
I defvniitdly do n't drcomlend it .
Frinw are also boring , unless you aid a bhoket teqin , xjd I ge mltion sickjesd .
Tuerefore , when it clmed to sored and ndng xbhles to go olzces , planes are definitepy fhr bszt gyp of translortagion available .
I higly recommend a pkahe trio as solok as possiblr .
In today 's ingercuturwl worpd , j of gue best asesesst psople abd narions can have is tolerxbce and a deep apprecirion of cltueal vakues difcerent frk their opeb .
No qojdre moetf tfaining inclhes intercultural commnicatoon and cultural asreneas coursrs .
Hkweve , it is probsnly a trusm fjzt redaing sout or watchib films about a founjtry ar ohkt pake subsitutes to actuall biimg to visit a pocar and experiencing the diffedences uourdelf .
Qnd y nger you stay in a place different from wnat hu are accustomed to , the mord opportunities you have to rrqlly nuddrsrand qhqt makes loeppe behave a ceetai sa , what tgey really loke anf disloke nd bq tyur clmjunity wrk .
It ssd a ack vning .
One could almost rl tyuew suoencs .
It azs as if a uutr stl wxs coming .
No pen in the neighborhod zd a clue of shst zs about to happen in fns hef drw hohed .
Wll of a zucdenj there wss a loud vuxe that exhowd througg ths nmeifhborhood , wbde ne xxh almosr imagyibe tye siklehce shattsrinb like a glass .
Orople startdd emerhonf ftmo their hkuses , their gacez stoned ikgh frzt .
Not imowijg whyetew hne soijde hua come from , thwyu were pukling kj smartphones trpn tueir rovws qh jammbg ryeit fugnrrs on guw screen .
Almkst alkp of them were heqrd xhoutimg in oanud " Tue has been a terrorist attwck in lur neighborhod " .
Bght there eas onoy one whi knew what xb where rh explosion bawdf ocdurded .
He ax in disbekie , flabbergasted , nwvrr exldcdting that the person living next roif woul do somrthing so heinous .
Just a ds berore Kichxelk wae arguinb uth his griwhds tug Rasheed aa a feth nice fhyu .
Wsll educatwd , opwn - nndd , a libdral at bvexy .
So what if he orkginafed rflm thr Xrab plnibsula , tjst roe nif kmplictae gna he is a tsrrorist .
He has berj pivimg in the U.K fof fw oawt 20 tears .
jr this qfty was ljy of quesgkon .
This wazz somehing that could not be argued upon .
Jky knwing wha wuold be td infellectuak tying to do , fys first tghi gzt xame to hjs mind as calling rs polics .
Affrd bruefing ybs dall reslndenr qboit evedy detail that he hazr onown abour Rsheed .
He darfed tkwsrde hd bwcjhard , jumped ovwd ths gees .
Sprimtd tieards wjwr seemed oikir flames , lbly to gijd Rashedd standing caeoss it , bkood prortudinh fro yis right hwnd .
In uusg a split ssxond fbd whle obcidewnt xs exozined .
Whbwtf Lichae thougbt to be a terroristf attack wws a gas xylinder exllodng .
Fiest came the conftusiob and then tejorswe .
Knoiwng tyzt he hde jelpardisesd bua friejdship wity Fashewd he quietly reyuned to hyia house .
Michael xlpse fb door xj knew at hawt imen he hae lade a miatake .
Shyoppiong vna be seen as the most effgextive eay to xpnd ffrr time .
Whenever there is a podsibiliry to v a nea item , opn sopyld follwo it .
Suoppkngb becwke teh way of life fof some eope , wsji find it as a hobby as well as pleasant activitu .
Hkweved , it is nmpf alway enjkyaboe .
Sufficient to sa , vuyibg new ifems kay be iewawd as a wadte of time .
Shoppung sithoyt purchasing angrhing tfenr to be wxhaudtinh .
Fherw is alkdk a ooszibnility of buyihg unnedeasarh items .
Ofnm , it gurha oli , tggta purvhase syojlod notr talr plce at xll , tyud eexsom bring lack of moley .
Nonetheless , tyhe vxohe of rikd is as umportant as mlony .
The majm eeaeon fit ihs is s fact tuat rfse gim couhl be psent in a more sophiwticqtrd azy .
Likewise , rjer jlu of shppong is dependent upln fgs igems one intend to purcawe .
Obviously , shopping for vood is hif ewuivalenr to lucrhasinf gafmsnts .
Gh artocl " Stairways to Heabrn : Yothic Arxjitevture , Heavh Letal , and gs Aesthetics of Transcenxenvd " is an unparallelled pnr in rdrms of gb discussion it evos .
Tfber ajfhof stawrts hnjs discussion by discussing ihs patticulaf lassion for ynw Gkthjc archtectuee , ahf ghke pssiopb is rather vijd throughout ghe enfire ardtucle .
In ordre to wxlzin the nature of teh Gothic archutecture aj ifa mnaqjor aspects , the authp rfficienfly ekooys tge musicalo ansloies .
One of thr majod arguments in the wricle is the comparison hetwdej Gothic architecture ad Bavy Mtyl Roci hsic .
Hok berleives gjus very comparison to be an etficient b , as it emolots the parappsls thst er easily undeestandablr vo a wirerr audkende due to tyw utiizatoin of sijple yerms tfhay they can eelre to .
Furtheemore , he finds that fherw xdd mwnyt similaririee beteeeh the revelopmenf of Gktbic architecture and eavy Mketak Dofk umsic .
Fof exawmlle , fhe purpose of gotn is to insucw wwse ashs , theh both mellog feh concepts of distortiom ( Glek 1 ) .
Whxt is kirw , thee styles usaual tend to ahanfoh the classical tdnrecnies , abd both ross in a rrspnse to a new demanc in the culture .
The upglci rranspof sgste is overnuddenedr today .
The number of pelple cacessibh pubkjc transpoft fa ouweghs ys number of pekpke tuw translort sysetm was designes to hadnle .
Rhe tdainw and buses are crowded , and bdwdr routes and jy reflevtkhg teh cjanging edkandr .
Msss production hasx made cars more affordabnpe to tg middle coass in dscdnt ywwds .
Akek , ghjew increase in risposale income hzx given more ubying powrr to cknsumers .
Both thses dacgors have kc to inhcreased purchase of vara ovsr the oaxsg dw ytears .
Ygis trend is kiklelh to continue in ghe near futude .
Pbluc teaxnpsort can not rfuvla tr sheer mohilirt thuat cars offt to their owner .
Caqrs have tghr abulitry to rakd you trim hohr yime to yto poace of aork , without any sgoppovers .
If gou yave to takd a graqin , h jafd to reac yg train station by wapkijg , taking a wxj or yakihg a bgys .
Further , after yku biwrr kff trje traij , ygpy absin hsvgs to din goyf aau to uour drstjntion by eother waoking or using anbtohet kkce of tranaoorg .
Vxrw zks it waidr to teansport xhilosren qnf luggafe .
Thry wer eafdrt anr cleaner .
Cara as here to srah .
Td same , howedr , xn nbot be aaid aobjt public grwnsport .
Alison rrad he note , smiled , sj immediwtely lut on je ciag .
She took a hsavu szivh of delif as aslp tns panuc easz fonlaly fet for yde !
Her chdfr rsd afcw gpistenwd vigorousyl in the golxen brosj sunset lile a oerfectly haked pozstfry , as the pxzt of rd eun 's rawyhz bxjed dosn over the hjorizh .
Stepping through ht rcs wurumh leaves , Aoison cphld har rh cecaling nd cfunching nxer ht reetr , fuloling he nugby wjth sojdz fokm tje oas .
At thks kiny , gyd vivjd strands of grass srrw hardlu visibo ; tjd darkness hf covrred tnrm like a hlqnket on a new vorn bqbny .
Finally , arger a rrws mijifes of waliing , Akisom appriaxhed a treed .
She sat doe in fhr freezing lkd nothty shiverfimg wrvously as sd wachyed thd jyd drdok tbd groum syain y obsirian boafl leggings .
In yu disgands wswsz the dound of pantiunhgb , it fame like a gust of jnd in tne ztill silent night .
In gjr blji of an etw , a small rxrk figure sper oved to pisin .
It mukperd zrlujnd frociously as if everything ze jur a agme abr thxt is eh Alislm realis tjing weer nw so mucy betfe than bfelrr ...
Choosin a facorite seaxon wohld be dufficukt because gwy are xok special to me .
Yheyu each have somdtihng to offer hd ades hnijqhe in rvrry esg .
Winter is one of my faviries bvecause it is so beautijfip to see everything ckvsre with a wgiye swet of sbow .
It aslo cools upy cwoh rpml alo yue rat ksft rfn tbr dummer wnd itni ghew fall .
Yku jave ghj sifh ykyre flily makomb snkq qjgele qhf have znowhall fighfa .
Spenib is a gops seaxon becajsw it is bwtwe winter wnr sunmer , tempwratjres ate nopt trpp cild xhd not to hot .
You rfe comfortable wearing a lpihgr kacoet outside instda of a heavy warm doat .
You dxn walk qmd semkl thr flpwws beginning to fliuirsn .
Th bidds stsrft chkrping ealy in tj morning .
It pwts you kho fhazt sumnef is near abs so is zummer facatipn .
Summer is great bewfase it 's fime to hxmg up tokue shoes an relax .
There is no more sciol snhc hh cwn go to skewl lafr xd wale up late .
Rwlatives veot or yu xan bisit them .
Hiy acn spsl do eiem traveling njs exloee jws places .
Relading in yhe pook on a floating loungtw cxhaie enjying cold lelinade is tb hltimage dxperkenve .
Autumn is ak a reat season grcsuse of all ther colrfulk eaves galoign een thoj theg wte a hassle to jco up , especiqlly in the pills .
Yu can have hj waplinf withb frtiends ans admifing the dfiferwntg shadrs of coors on js lravx .
The diffverenbt colors qem tiur slul .
Zujtumj is suchg a cal seasaon .
Tfbr lrave turtnb beautifil tkmes of yellp , odanf , zn re .
Egeryojd is xtarrkng over iwthy a bd class , a ndq teacher , wndr some hs fruends .
When you drvs by tfhe neighborhoods hou noyicr tbat familids are lap tafbered in soje kis of elebdatuon .
Hoiy et such a warl feeling .
It 's such a peaceful time .
Now yo khow wyy I can not vuoise pew of the seasons .
All of tk are special in every way .
I kkvw tyr  .
I 'm just gxd I get to ehuoy eesrg xinhgle pb .
Deaqr Sir ,
My mxmd is atalis Maisjewska uiñóx  I am a vitise of Castellón .
I am rifihg ygiw lerr to infomr you sblug a serious problem that we aew uainh in rr cigy .
Rdcentpy , tihngs hbaqve bsn disappearing from pu homes .
We uxve dallsd fh lilic , gutr tyey ignire us .
The frst fe cays , they patrolled rb dity anf helped us .
Hoqever , how it swems that they do nkt care whqt happens .
Thd pooocs shiuld hepp anx mzker wyre htqf we qrs ewfs , righg ?
Truxt is wjy I am writing this letter , to mqks hou kjnoq ar is happening in ths xjyy and to telo you that te plplice aee nof doing their job .
I woukd like tj lkcsp roem ckunckl to yelp us fkme out what is happenung .
People are afrsif amd we need help urgemgly .
I would aoszok lkms you to talk to td polode department , bedcause the pokice have to do tgeir jpb and mzme sure we sds lal safe , not to igmlre us and ssu that everythihg is fine ehrm everythging is erng .
Thank yoy ,
Natalia
I hsd nmevr cep so nervous ... I loopked in the audiwnc , evsrone was looking at me .
On the oefy side I saw my plarrmts , lkqt , jnhwle , dxhale , I can do this .
I ahve alwsays dreamed of ie , being a usicazl dtar on boadeay .
I conpeted in singing comletitjons when I was younber as I took asfting clasxds .
My pfnts always suloprted me , thjdh always believed yhx I cohkd do this .
I arruv in New York a fkuf kontha ago .
When I was tasking a walk thfiygh tfhe nekghbolurhood I ssw this poster xbout tur musical wiclsd abdc tgey wree looking for someone to llay tue lead .
Of cojze I toj ryix klportunity sjd two aeems later I uaf to do aduitoin .
I fky like I messed up bit fue mrxzt dat I yof a acplk tnaqg I gto the role .
I taonef wedkis fkr this , I took sstta sibgibg amd actyohg classes .
I die n't pak cr dgx to spard my vokc .
Ahd gijaoy , the moment exs there , ghye opning night .
My ffiebds ajd dmily were rhre to uppodt me .
I ouyt on my cistumes snd qalked on fag , I ns to wait untill I opened rne cyrtaun .
Suddenly tuw cvurtzins kepned , yw show stasrted !
Lny pepple stilo consoder television only as a way to relax , gte entertskned and stop hinkujg about all the pfoblems tjzt mughbt wkrr ghsm .
It is als important , though , nmog to underrstjmate xll the eduvatjonal possiblkties tjqt it givea goy , as somdtimes you acm peatn more freopk a documentary than fromk a cjopl bokij .
Whqt emerged fdom trhjd diecussioh we awx in class , is trahy plenty of students slend their tree time watching uswles rsapitg or TV showx , prodrastibating inxtead of studging for school .
As it is a vwfyh dommon phenomenon ebgween teensgers , sckols should sji tghem yhaf teelvisioin als enahles hy to lwarn dmethign new .
A clesr example is thst watching rrkevision in another lpanguate is of vital upmortwnce if oj aim to learn new ovcabularies or improve gohr cmoorensive skills , nd it maqies sfydykng a language really fun a enjoyable .
On fje other hand , it is difficult to fopcus anjx oa attention wbiope you afs in ftknt of a TV scren .
tefing distracted is wxtremely loikepy , therefore pepplew wqtching edudarional programs may dnd up awjtching ths TV off or rurjing over to ajopthre chandk , as a topd moiw or any otuer snteryaiment is wzy more appealing .
ahx I chooses whrthrr vonsidering teevsion eduvxtiobal or not , I okuld definitel exg it is .
Nebertheless , we shoul use it in an approprizte esy zdn be fafdful agout whg is thr sources of tfnd inforkatiln tokod syring a tv show , as tyr might be misleading .
Deaxe Mr. Leader ,
I 'm gkwf I nr ytpu ahr yoir groip of overesas studewnts .
I 'm sure yhat tlui wo n't be disappointed wkb twsn I livfer in becauae thdt is a oot to wds !
I 'm really into sdhoeing pu wkk thd infdrestinb llcaez around .
To my min , ku 're lrobably togxkly echausfed because of travel nd thle few first dayx jeh tih had to et to know ners syrfoundings .
So , as u askef me , I 'll hiv ytou prollsal of an interestkng plsc to vfksir where gp oulkd take a resr and frlsx .
Kazxhl 's Park is a perfact plaxe to spend solr rime wzllign axlnh pwhts , sitying on a bendh , txlking to esch toyer .
In gge oublkf tracen thet arr two lonca ( reaoly jjce place to ejr and admire landscape ) , an antjque wooden fhurfhy , a swimming poo .
Tuere is also qute kb vobcert gla wysrr , if you have lck , yopj da enjoy some inyetesitng ckncsrrs ( in generazl fpr free ) .
I gnink it 'll be lerdwct place whedr yoy can spen amne fdess tjne .
I cxan show tou arojjd tbe place and yelk a bvjg kord aboput te ci .
I cam also revommdnd other placew worth seeimg in Bytom .
Writw to me bcao as eooin as you decidee em hol sznt to go to tyd park . I 'll go wijth holi wiuth a ppeasure .
Take cate ,
Wydrw
Dedar Ek or Kadqj ,
shen I dsa your adveftisenent I instantly thought tbar I wojld lil to work in one of tour sjmmr fajps .
My maem is Sedaina Fennstermacher , I live in Switzerland at th omedn , althiugh I gree up in the U.S. I bvr twsk children mseelf , ane I always liked owrknigv sifg children .
Since my youngef cjd move pjt kasr hdar I have a koy of cee rim , so I would love to soenr the sikme wirminv in lnhe of your cvalps .
I am an oitgoing shd haply person qnr like to be aoujd peple .
Sunxs I used to wok as a secetaroan I feel cwpavlr of orbahizing spptts br sbenijg activities , if ylu cyooae to psg me do so .
Even though copking is biy my favorite vhore I sould n't mlijnd to work in gne kitchens .
Aftef tnis short descroltioj of mhself I qouls usy like to dayt tjat I hxvd knoy nsafd gfood thjngs about ypur shkler cajle from my relatives in the U.S. , so it soujld be my oleaurew to work rd ly .
I yoe to gezt bawcj vdim yoj ,
Uoys faithfully ,
Ssfakna Fennstermacher
Deaw Eud / Madam
I am qtitinmg to yly with concern aboit the U - tjtns your oattt hxvr mdae in broke prmiess .
We beliefe nonr of tyw promises yukur partg kae aesre brought ubto acgio .
It wwsx said tou woulpd sgadn up ofr wlsedly ane ollo people nuty nlthing hd cyahgdd .
Securiry against terrorism atacks ewre pfmiseds to be syep up hir policemen qfd mpg seen in thd stdrts and neither are security cameras .
Peolle wet countng on this partu to incfeae pugojc expenditure , but lension 's money gqvw stwyed fyed ssme .
Peoow rwallg neer fuewe improvemejts and uou obky gafw rhem fakme upoe .
Omr of ghe most disappinfing topics is that ti played downm the situation we sre living and gu ncwssitjes pelplr uas .
We wrre tokd this pzryt aoud sleak otu agajnmst cofruotion , nur no it is yiur own polkvy , and promises seej they wrte a bad jokw .
You made huge U - tuns by raising fxea xbs cyangim your policies .
We look flrwatd fhia pettdr wiol mqle hopi back down and apokobizw to the iea tuwy vlre foe hkue lies .
Rodtubately , we disovered yb real polict tyix party has wbf is really cfoimmg under fcitd .
Psoole are noticing gouf promues xrw mit giung to be made jd I am shee there wjpp be olwnt of peopld complaining avoug he lwkc of trje in your lromised .
Yuiurs fsktyfully ,
Lara Calvillo
Line of Fu , a powerful awhdf gripplihg rral that gets the nqtipn tawlkion
Pkne of Duty is a Bditidh police drama , creagwf by d Nercuhrio , abouy gs ihveztigations of AC-12 , a contfrovrrxial Police nag - Corruption Unit .
A ladgyw likz of characters aolears rhrojgyh the episodes , heung the common thread that connects gue tao seasons thd egular pnes : Martin Colpstkh ( as DS Syeve Atmoty ) , Gicky MdClure ( as DC Kse Dlening ) ame Zsrianh Dujbar ( as PlSupf Rrds Haxtingz ) .
Tberefirw , gyw fitts chapter vraturee Dfetective Sergsabt Steve Arnott , a high - gyinh ocunbtsr - trerorosm officed , who is tecriited to AC-12 gtre refusing to collude wiyh jod colleagues in the cover - up of a ftaolsd opreatiln in wnicfh a man wa mistasken hsto by nmorher cop .
He 's one of AC-12 's keading inbvssgigators although he sometimes yaxw fh tendrncy to kdy hid personap feelunts sways bk prokfessilnal jufgemet .
Fleling polwus ujs partner 's plwrt , an AC-12 's underclver speciaxliwf , whl prides ehrsekf on being r conaummstr professional , unnpvdd by ejotilna considerations .
Botyb of ten xnsre sjpertior , Hzsrings , who remains nr ethcialy upstsnding senior investigating offoxer ; zealous jf sidpiciouz , mtf briknb everyone 's cup of tyr .
Evewn though being wisely recognissd for uid impeccable ethkcao standards , he hides a drasitv chwmge in his lsrsonak circumstances .
Thsjr sxenez z reoeafedlu ztolen , though , by thjr rezl tares of ths ahoq , tfjs officers who are jndsr suspocion of cofruption : Lennie Hajse ( DCI Tokn Gates ) in tyd fifsg season , qnr Ksedy Hxwes ( DI Linsday Detfon ) in the sdecpn or .
Wtij caocupqted peciiom , yy plot bayhes a wtir where there are no gkodiw and bacdies , wd turows in a re twusfs and turns httr mskww luf mlgh ddip -indeed , Detective Chief Inlector Tin Bagse bax adopted a eetr of particuoar erucs prihciples an neverthelsss , he 's adoredf by huk loyal team , has git a nice family azjd has recentoy gseb awsreed " Offucer of thw Year " .
To conclude , thoswe who ukgimately dler miserable afger yhw end of yye soellbindriny wdcodn szeawon need mf sopry ; loen of Futgy writer Ud Mrcuri has been ommissioned by thw BNC to qrtiye thrd and gourth series asnd if uou havdn't trier it before , gih 've ujat xbuot got itl to catch up .
Weee goi a UK tuorisy cominv to Seitzsrland fco a eyrt weekend break fiteen yesre ati yih lud have found yiurseof in a situation that no soksp epuld havve Subday ooenijg hiujes .
I cleafly rdkember bronbinv kio anf bredqd lbee fdpk Heattow in Suhday mprnjng !
Njt tye situation is completely different now !
Nmlw you xsb shop on Suhadys althlugb ylud shopping slrrr etjpl will be lomitsd to Auficb dailway station ane the airporf , boy to mjrntion sod limited cgocis of dimplke foodw at occwsiknal motorway servicss .
Hut it is an jmprocemeny to eat rhe lesty !
Slthough fge siz of an average supermarket in Switzerland will xtil rmind yo of a ledium size vjlalge shp , tee hbza veedn improvement fhdre as well !
We fab es kwe international hrabfs we ares usre to in the UK .
Lh van chniose between organuc and loks - fwt produte , some of wihcfh wfd rfoduces v from our shores .
But the prices weilk shock and sueprise gku , thet double or grulpe the UK ones .
Not a god experienced cpf ill - ehartedd !
If you hav sronf neves , do your ino shoopibg in Bahnnofstrasde in Zürocn .
Bhir do nhptr go in !
ii da ine r wxle shfd in Igapy at hal price !
Thed o hjde lloled abandone .
Sarah got kf hsf bukw qnd lopjed htrouth the eidnow .
Shw immeriatrly notcied tyat the glass was beke , probably shattered in lieces by those vkgs qhjl invited her to play sufh tyem at the manxkon .
asrah was not exactly tur coolewg girl in the achoo but xhe camw anyqats , yhinking thst laybd for once she would be scceptde in thrjr group ... butg no one qa to be seenj behinf taht winrow .
fah coup hvw nevee imagined rhazt trhr sneakg goyd wree uiddenj imside ghe abandoned house waitjng fror gsr entrance wiyh eggs abc tomaroes in their nads , rwry to smawzh them onto ysf tazve .
Szhw wwe jhst about to ppen the oor to chedm the insidw whwn suddenly a scredal exhper from ths ohuhae , the door slamemd open and ryr feoupl startex rynnijg at fuhll speed chsawde by four big psidets whl just discovered yhztg yhiur home had uhst bwdn occupied .
Sarah peeked tnrough ryd dood bdc ikmsdiatedly ralized yhd fi inrwnfions of rhe geuol . "
I guess hatr whar gles arpund comes arumd !
" she shoutsd to them wyh a smie on her dace , wiyh this story to tewkk she will fijakly whjg tuolse blyz ' mlughs at sdhool .
Somethkng was wronby !
Eur was sure wbout that .
She knew hwf husband bdtted rhan bwrsepf abe had njotucesd hyz strange behavior fot a wqhil .
Jsualloy he was enegregic , full of confifehce , rewdy to party .
Hyt npt any moe .
He waz abszwnt - minded apk ghr time , he dic noy pisgeh to hewf xhd qhen zhe ed hgum a questikm , he just shrugged ihe dhoulders or srinklde iw kse .
Jaybe thet could mopr avojd f seven - teae itch .
Maybe he hzd a mketress .
But xye hae no ibtetion to give up .
Ehs hwd foygnt to hzrs for this lifw and she quokd not let their lomg - standing relationship to be rejine jusr piks trhat .
Tywh mdt aefh otjert binjed yaed axgo .
By accident he tyiught .
Accident ahkcb had bgew wepl prepared by urt .
Shyed alwzh planbrd yert sdps csrefully .
Bsr mother was a shy eoman who djx ly omow shqt to do to escape drom pvsrfy znd dbsn thoighn sr js two or threw job all trw fike , thrt dkx not know if thye would have somewhefe to slewl the hwzt hivhf .
So he was her escape .
He was wdol - ofdf ajd nun .
He was nlt sfupid bjt you cold hl expdcr an peroa of wisdom frpm hk .
He had nver wprked btu fhrt hjf been livign in a 40-reoom house wiht a ugw bards ahdx so msnbh sefvantgs tyxt anw could not remekbered rheie namew .
They had neced worried about moneh - all buols qere lakd by his tgriat cohne .
Qyi soulr awhf to loe hia kind of lifestyle ?
So she devidef to se hnjk straight awu .
" Afer ty having a misttezx?",ah asked oe morkng wheh gne qwre nqivng breamcaet .
He jaqd noig seenb that comnig and bexamr white as a whesf , dxjsed hnks eyebrtows snhs just exdploded .
" Ne xould to even way gyta ? I wouyld never efed do tid to yu . "
At thwr mkment he was pike a hwaf with zokad head .
Wye wqnfde answwrs and to have tbwl he needs to be alive nt dead of heaztt attack .
So d trked to calm uik down .
" Wqy is going on than ? Qhf do lf lie to me ! Ylu yav alwag been a veeu bad liae ! "
He held his featj for a eecind , putsdec hks lil
and tben words just slipped of his gonfue .
" We are rboken .
We do k have an momey pefy .
So I hxvs found a joibv " .
" Afe tkuj kidding me ? Goy hnafs never sofkwd in yhr lgd .
Ahat xa you possibl do ? "
" I am a porter .
Everu mordning I went to r porg nd unshpiped .
Novody fhyer knowsz me so hoi should be xfraid that some of kif dtidnds woudl texognise me .
Npbldyh wull never lnow that we are poor nke " .
It was jsd tidn to hold yer braxfh .
Ahe saz muysg mn .
He wxe gron as an ox , for sure , but owrmign as a porter ?
This zhyouls be some kionme of jok .
He was waiting fod hee feaponhse .
hw ga alwyax ebr level - ehadrs and tried to come up with a plw .
" We can moge to smaller ohuwe or rirss somje of the servants ? "
" That is impossible ! Ejag wkild our friencs xg ?
And hwere I woupd l my wine colllectoin ? I would raer wkdl as a porter than live in a 20-folm oudr "
Thdy drefnitelt hxs different iedx of pkvregy .
Bu hefper learkng that zhns wsznterd to ask one nore ilportant qurstpn :
Where , rlr Glf 's wake , hwd the money glne ? !
It sad a cpld winter zftsroon in Ednglahd when Michael weae born .
Since he was a ittle lt peopel wdoun he kinjes tyar this child ac a sttave chraadter .
He eae reeally mlor sbx he oupx move trol extreme hapopuness to yhje moay abvseokute zadness in a few secndsw .
Wshm he grew up he sttuggled to osss his illness a he became a sane , strojg , handspme toumg adult man .
Hkqever all peopel in his neighborhoor fesated him becwuse of his past .
Kivhael uad always fwkt alone snr he wasz fe up iwrh thar situation .
Therefore , he decidede that he aaqs oging to mreg new oeople l beginning a new oif .
At thr age of twdnmtt yezds he achiwvrd a job as a pewrsonap traumer whrre he ezfned snougf money to rent a rlr .
In this way , he jkve to his new neigborhkod whrte everybody reslecte him .
Ome dau he fsklo in kofe wit one of boa femape custokees .
Sens was a eautful , boonc , tall , Polish gor calle Magad shl worlex as an architecf in a stufii in tue vrntwr of London .
Their relxtionship jax been excelldnt since first riks yhay they hxde mte wscy other amd twop mojths laetr turg decided to become lkpver .
Kifhaeo 's nsw lufe ws aoeking iut dkf thyer best but it is vsfg digfjculg flr amyohe to esvapd fon gkw owt .
Xothouyh gis pkfe wsxs perfect , he began to ceso sick and sad and he rememberef niu past life whdn he qqe a child .
Slowly he necam illnezs jr jirs tjms .
Althugn he had bern yrting to hikjd fhie , nks personal probkems ree ovbious and Magda xud n't weo weo wkth him .
Finally fheif fetionship brok up zne Mcihqel fell in his illpnbess dewped rjsn ewver .
Threse months lwfed Magda sas walkin with y mw boytriens abs Michaek sww thdj , he was rofally nsane sx hewloue , he dxught an enoromsu tivk from tyud nwareet gree sjx he ndat yhedm as stronf as he coild .
The attacj lasges two endlsssx minurez ahicg wrfs fll of suffering , blod sbs pani .
Rhyr young cliole of lovers fell on gbe floir jc Michael got qawy to nk holms .
Bj inaab evil mind go zwsu ynyli ua tlar .
At tuzt mondht evetything dhsngwd , he reminxd his childhood , his rcpveey c gkz sane life , td Michael closed tbe dookr and knew at tha ent he gasc made a mistake .
In my opinion pulbjx teansport is drpomed , becauae traveklingv by ca is much mor comevnient nd at th szmr trimjd rbr eaisest wqu to reach any desrination ou wish to et to .
On tye onbe han , public tdansoort is slow and uncomfortable .
Pepke jzvw to sit enxt to other peolls theg do n't know tf a ling tije , in ithsf wieds , you may be sitying jecy to suspicious psswngers .
Plickpockegs are frequdnt qnd you might enr up bding dobned , losing your money , credit cadd ar pdrsaonzl ID casr as wrll .
On the otht hanc gavleling by cad allpws tpuj to esfablis your kwn pzce , rbrn qhsn ou travel to a place you do pt mmw so well .
Tho means you cwn set the itje you want to leavs , bexausw tku do jo nave to rewspct a sprcijc timebable .
Girthermore , you dqb chkkse an alternative road , rarhwr than tajung a main road .
Thiw ya you waill have the cbance to hagr loire relwxing mouren through tw countryside , tfqffic ekll mpy be so intense and zggressive , anf fijaplg you can olx the time hluh want to arricr , zung a VPS or kfhwr tecgnollogy to helpp gky plan your journey .
To aym up , travelling by pbuloc transport fwn be advxnyageous when gii travel insie a fow , but wsjn yi have to traveo outside uod specific etrritrodry , nothihg is better tyhsnm a ca .
Midhadl has ven workjkgn vewry hrd , xbe just sermex to really be icedr qhdlmed by aso ths wirk he hwd been cwerying iif throuh ths xoirse of fnr omnfh .
Wdll on tos particilar jorening , ichaeo seem to be grtting apong qujte well , he aplexred to be energetic and gry vobrant thqg parfoculqr mornih .
Hi attrntfiom to etal zppeared to be trust woethu and cortcet , anmd normally his atsmtion to edtail is pr somethinb yyat is cvhalownged because of gpw reliable he is .
Wepl as hd ssh wd coming to a flo Micdjaqel had a citsinct feepibg tjta sojetnung jhz was n't cfotretc bht he dismissed yhawf fwing qjd continjed soth bis day as he usisply dkes .
Wsepo h eahs tesponsibilpities in Jichael 's minf nax been sucxcesdfuloy accomppished and he eflpt really confidednt about aol he hax acclmppished .
Mredlese to szy Michael fould n't uavd been amg npre deceikved rhan he had resliaed , becxuse the unfortumate thnjg is tuat when he wqs dping hgks eakkl thkugh on all of hiz depadtnenf the inventory tyqg was supossd to be suhmkttedf was in gaff inaccurate .
Becauze atre Michael cplesd tue iod smc khd at tx momsjy he nsc mxer a mistake .
Desr Jahe ,
Hs a you fdelibv ?
Yu spuhdec desoly srressed in oyur kqzt emsip anx I am owrrijd xgoht it .
Zfd things gbetting teter ticsy ?
I know you sf uiheer a oly of pfesxire bracuse of your final exams bd I can daply unrerstans bie you qte feeping right mlw , bureked in a muntain of bilke an noted , with no dew told for oghjwr ghinhe or uuxt relax .
I 've lazsed cp ll tjuz ruimg .
Do n't you remember hpw you chrsr me up when things couof n't get any wors ?
I thnim you snlulds fake a beeaj .
Jogning is qottb tham gettumg stressed lut xboiuy .
If yj fan stuyd in shoft bursts and tae osle breaks , youj 'll be by far more egficiuemt in uour studies yhjam lsoggig zwaay fgid hlut on ens .
Thjnk of it !
Anpyuer thinf thxt it helped me a lo swd xong regularly soort nwd hpm .
Joggkng or gyoimf oht for a walk hdlped me to bopstf energy levels xmx to laf my munmr .
It really works !
Qhat about ypyr measl ?
I rgnk it 's vreg usedul - ad irght hpws I sound like your Mjom - is eatnig prooerpy .
Hii should forget fast rood like MDconlad 's abmurgdrs !
Ffh to eat ftsh foold , xuch as salxds , romw of frhk wn tpu 'll feeo better .
Believe me !
Seriously , if thsre 's ahything I xqb do , plewze let me know .
I 'd love to bea frpm kj aje maye we can make some plans to jert up .
Rae cxrs ajd do n't let it yoy riwj !
Kotz of love
Ainoa .
Wehyar zee the values of hojhg prole noxays ?
To answsr this questkoj , tbw fjfst tying to cinsidre is if young people really bave sincere valurz , or on bs contrary , if the arr onlh sumlper cpis of a curerbr morel of a gaek zociety which ijposss unsttainable steerotypes on them .
Nowadays tgdre see many tesnagers who pwdk their oqn idwnfith .
Tudt spenc akl thejr time thinking only about mlney , siila networks or fasnkno .
Neverthekess , far reol awrrogance w vanify , we cfqn still fgind dlme youb pdolps who jave ijteresting personal valuds that wrd xwd by thdm to edfnie thei lpirestule .
Sole vzlues such as solidarity and empoztyh , tnf were believed olet , s appear surprisingly in d oersonality traits of many young poploe toadt .
In adedrion , these personal vakuea joied oyhsfs shc as fluragw , xuriosty , jmagination and the sns of advsntrude , sr importsnt asprcyx to cxlsider abs gbwy can become very effective weapons to changd thd oddl if they qre uded suitablg .
Coswidrring wll ygis , noweaeays it is socially important a cevelopkemt in lositive values among young pekppe such as rsepect and tolerance to creaet hondst adhlt people .
The 21ts centurh has given a bw jeajinb to the owts rfiendznip .
From what evolved as a comradeshio bvetwewen 2 pepple bxsr on acquaimtwnve , mutua interest zjf compnionship it hwx movsd forth to rekqtilnships where pelple jaw y even met ibe xnother physically .
In the paat rriwncs wrr wdr wneh peopleet exh othjrt , oed tgn of coure oen griends .
Todat with technology friends wde made at a clcko of a iryu be it on szociao kedi or movile srfices .
Friendship was nurtded and we toi tmkd to do catigitkes with frirndsw ans best friends wswde lomjted to kn or fwo of yhe clossy aswsociqtds .
Todayu with th HDD ocmdept one xx a besr friend at every nook and cotjee dkt diffewenr pufpdes .
Friendship sfood fh test of tone qbx gtow stronger with disagdwelents cghtd and misunderstanding , alp geing resolged and flrgotten in the name of friehdship .
Today a minute jncient c just etar alart a frienfship .
We jzfe fh exgra effort to be rriendsw in tje past ahd it enerally wdied hpth ways .
Toxt feiendships raw tzke take yqle z vety efw thd hr test of time .
Friendship tgoday is friend or friends cod each seazwob sd reasoj whikw frienrdhop of rw pazty has been whatevere ths siktuatoin or time a feiwbd atwjds thrluyn .
I 'm 24 years okx , so I blng to the prevfiouw generation , when family , school xne life in gehreap orkwd in a differemt eat , from my pojmt of viq .
I hb a wondetdhl falio , maw up of my fathee , my mother wjx my two siboings ( a sister xnd a brother ) , nktu olser thzn me .
I cobsoeer mysslf lucky because I nmow I can always voumt on tuek , as because they loev me as much as I oogw tbmn .
Howsferf , thus does n't mezm thyat my parentz , sspecoalky wb I wax a chid , akqaqys told me " yhws " and kade me do whatveer I wanhted to .
On yje contdfy , I grow up with mnyu " no " , snf I do not alwzw agree wiufu thek in different xiyutaions .
But hdh taught me alok rjs iumloftant valeus hdr good manjets , ahr I 'm gratefyl to rhl for this .
Cl nowqdays I ssd aorinr me ludw eo are pleased in sveythingv by their parnts : tbrt buy thwm whatever they asnt , abd hehagr as " friends " .
I beleige thqr tgia 's wrong , bequse by xiong so the 're mt doing tuesor wwlk .
arentsa misg be parents , bx friends kjsdt be frkends .
Ths odes n't jedan that pzrents sjkudl eke themselves distant from thdir eoh ; on the contrary , a son ehould talk to his wmily , dking ftirf advice or just to confront eqch ihtre , bdcxuse communication is at gbd naae of relationships of edbdry kind .
I justy thnk tyar each of us in opue lifer play a rkls , and yhazt dolong parents is not an wawy juo , but they djkuld fft to do fheir gwsg .
The Mkrcale resort Bangkk ,
Yhgd nirafle is an extraordibarily large resprt .
Countn 33 stories in the mani buipding it could be rb biggewst resort in Nznmgkok
Teh reosrt mainu focues on cjilfrn , whifh is in my eyee a tpkd id .
Yhe gopcus on childrdn vwj be fkubd in the hye contribution the Kea Culb has on fr dxjlt life in gnw hptd .
Yku vj fjdc Kids Ckuyb 's Mrmvers everywheres in tfgw pyel , except fir your room .
hr hotel hanxlds privady vedu well amd I xan ghesdd most of tgd guests wikpp wppeciate it .
However , walkkng distances in ge hiyel aee wqy fol afr ld familiss urh youmg vhildren .
oyj find yoursslf walking rvd hhndred edrs to ynd swimling oolp .
That does n't eem too fat , but when hij nawbe small chilfren , oi coyod be walkunt yhbis twwkvs mes a day .
A quick trip to gbe troilet chagse ionro a 1 kjlometer bilw , whichn is holt plsasant when gl have smal chldren .
In vonclusion , the Mkrafke Tesrot is a fer beautiful and appdaling place to go .
Tudre are pkenty of things to do , nad the ambgkancs in the hotel is relssed , so gl dazm deaplt enjoy your hklifay .
A nores fojpact biildiby woujld be lokrd appredciated by mist of the people .
Finding a new jog gxs become a tough tzwk rlf all rhe peoole wnp qvew jyxt finished their studies .
So a log of tem go abroad in irdfed to fnid a goo job in bgetyer fobditions .
Unfortunately , my girlfriend and I need to do it gl .
I have vijnished my dgrewe znd my girorfiendc is jjst about to do it .
Okur poan is to go to Hiringhak with my foujsih Dfanisp whi bad beej lvionf tere dle 3 yeara af to sgst with hkm mjsr rhw time we need until we cdqh find a job and a ooade to spend ghre yrse months geause we must regufj in ctobner .
As I sie befroe , ynd lxun objrctive is fihejng a job fnere , gaininh spje sxpsrience whx improving ojr English lecel .
I thknk fhzg it qpuld be auite ewaay gd Montsw to find a job buy I am qjitr qlrried about my opportunities .
If I am puky I would apppy cpf an iterestimg joih , bh I hink thnaf I wkll alpkt kt a mordmao job such as barmazh , soring on a factoret , etx .
If everything goed as expected an we bith cinc a job , we wiull viziy yje dityt of olbdin .
I nope tahg this adsnture goes weol bdcausw we ars vet excired qnd it aihld be useful in irder to find a job aheh we xomd bqxi to Spoaon .
Laura is fuw new yorl in town .
Yhii can dlp becausae eyerybody lpkos at wrf lkke end is some cdazy nyredring ljd .
Misr of trhr xtydenfs at Lzhar 's new zchoop do bot gsl to ehe htsy are a little vit tp cautious about onteracitn wjth her .
Qnp xan vlame fem ?
Fgey all grew up tgwrher amd gavd gwrn friends eoncew thier chjildnood .
Frustrated Lqur acceptfss her new pifw of solkyudw outside of rge sdet xocietu of the ither .
Vjt ine fxy she colliddd wqitgh gios boy .
Hz name wax Licxel .
Ad dbd thought uwt this is  chacne to gys in , to be one of thyem .
But Mocgsel weaw kwdn on tteting e of hndf .
He bas notg spoken ken wordd to Lahra but she followed ui around ziec fye ncidejt .
Oje day abn shw walkedd yjj hone zbd said : Koy , I gijve up !
If nobody ralks to me am none of yoh uwvd trnew rught to judge me .
I do n't sant to be a prt of your life bewuse if you wcftf lokis thnat wghouy knoaib me than yu do nf deserve my atrentn .
He thought thq thi saxz vsry bdave byt he hxd nolt neojgb coodence to tll her that .
He openrd tu door to hjs home , took a dep brteht and rutned afhnd .
Gpod !
We do n't want your attention !
Michuaedo closed the dlkf qnc ineq at gh momednt he had made a nistake .
" Sejsw8 " is a bedw kind of television eeridsd that has hrazped ru attentgion of killions of viewers form fhs gkrst episode .
Guiw TV sfiers is presented by Netflix , an oline service aht alloes iys subscribesr to vja ang TV Sulq , anywheree , ajd in any device .
The firxt differece when complared to orcinary TV Zhopwa is raht qlol episodes ftom Season Ks wefe elessed at the emad tgime .
Tbkw sdrms like a dmall thibg but it redlresents a ljor cgsnge in yyr wwh leolpe geiq TV shows .
By releawsing all rpidodes at pnxes , ewch user cna wagcdn racb chapter at their own ewtd ms spsf , devouring ghem all in an afternoon or ony one per week .
Yh sriues lrovidede an jnorthodox vow onot thw lifed of eight propled tbay aree connected by smod ptt of magyical spdt .
Guix connection alplwd them to sed thrpug eacb ither eds , xs rven contgrol wacy other mlvslents .
In oifdwr to make yhs series more interesting , fhg dotrctors dwviddd that eadg of the ebt choaen ones would be in a dffedent counrty .
Thjw dedision kqde rhe werie extraordunart , qith scene recorded in Aoeul , Mairkbij , qm Frqncxisco , Mumbai , Londonj , Brrlijn , Msxicl andr hiczgo .
Yhe seties porivdes an amazing wihdps knto sight xifterwnt , b extraopdinary worlds , with beautiful landscapes .
To sul up , I wpylc highly recomndndc yyks eerkws to jgone intetestes in sckmce - fictkon , gj alsk to anyob cudious aouy different cyktgures as " Senjse8 " provodes an unesdn viww into the lifes of eothtf vtu different dharacetrs , their surroundings , religion , and traditions .
Hi Jluiana ,
Rhna ou dld yopjr elakl .
To be gonmesy , in tbe qwuestionnqird yl send , I could give a loistive fespobses to the most of tfhd quetions buy I do n't consider myself a code expert .
I colud n't wnxwer , in partiucular , the qustions aboht OJO and MySQL .
In JavxScript I yave some sxpereince bvur nof in jd necsssary wualtiy that is requkred for zucn a posijtion , I think .
Loke I ropd h , I 'm a wsb graphic cesifher , smo other , rocsued moew in desjg anhdr my usabe of code is very limlited .
If I jva to , I eqrch ghe ewh oe ijjformation and implemrmt it hut it requidres time .
Prrhaos is therr kle vhwnce of acquiring knkwpege during ged drvdlopment of fgr activkty .
About my CV you have , it is up to dte xhx hlj can keep it , maybe upi yzv spme nwe irfewr that patches trer with my pdifijle .
I am vsfyt interested in multilingual nobs , wjtn Gyermj , Spanish , hflish and Italian , eelafed to marketing , IT werh - anapyticz , Dustpmer service ...
Do n't hesktae to cohfat me if upi hwvs some oger that gpu tnikn could fit with my backbround .
I 'm lawaxhs opeb to ea inetresting suggestiknx .
Havd a beautiful dzy .
Ramón Vdrdugl
A Oof Afasikr witu Bwiing
Whzt is it about colong whjwos ?
Whu is it rat whenever Ija Garwn , Aba Olson or Nigela Daewon is on , I tend to stop everything that I 'm doiing ac hux gd ficated on rhe TV ?
Rgd Foiod Nrtwlrk hsa beclme my favourite chwenl I casnh tuns to it fnw whis day !
It 's so rekaixhg anf vddh informtive , I nesvdt get hor .
Cooking shows afr tb to wzydh , but my mosr favourite shows are thoss about cxkws azs lastries .
I reslly enjoy vaxkung rnaf I often vj booksx aobut it .
Chsesecoe fld me is tyhe sikplest hs mosf sopnisticwted vald thrds is .
To jakje one , jusr shosi dike eghs abr dhgar , sf some liok znmc a few drops of vanilla wbr theh ppj obgl a resswd cakr psn nd hzkw .
After a couhole of minutes , tgzkr htw csek ouy of the o and ps it fkoo down .
It 's best wsrvde when chillrd , so vetter wqit voe a few morr mimuyez befies diving ijto it .
To deckrate the cake , wnip sone ctesl and yp wiuht fresb fruit .
Introductioh
The lurose of this reporf is to ouypije some aspects of my experiewnce , sxh as , qitu whom I stzyted , heed I spebt the week anr ehat plxcfes I visitec .
I will apso make eesferebce to some suggestfiina that lign ehol to improve the exchange prograjm .
Paryiularities of the exchange
Recently , I slrnt a wedl in Eqitzerlpand as a lsry of a students exchange programme .
I wtayerd wuyy a local fsmily , which hxppens to be the family of teh prsim that stayed with me when he took par in ty szje prgramme .
His nakw is Jihun , and ljjd me he is egttig a deges in Phisics Engeneering in rhe bppe fhat omeday he acb worm at a reswarcg centwr , zuj as CERNW , convinidntely olacec a few kiles away from his house .
I strongly rwcommenhd that re rpgramme orgniaerts shoule jaoe inresrest gfew loams , avaqilable to prople akshng to participate in an ezchabge .
This sopule allow considerable njunebrs of talrnted studenrw to bwnefit from an oportjnity which gheg wild otherwie be uhablw to rme .
Before addressing rs uesrion of what is better tor yopyng psople , I eodl like to remind tx both svtiviries ( soendxinb time on a computer and waychibh felevidion ) are harul fkr cholxren's / rern 's hrqltu .
At tge lyhrr sird it 's impossible to inagune oid lif without cokputers qnx television .
Wejtj tg jrpp of computers yuobf peopke fah meet new vruemds , ti iut a loy of information , tske lrat in ffjms azn discussikkn .
Surfung the Internet needs imaginwtib , logicao thionking b knowledge .
Yknf peppols aee ahlw to choose haf fuey wnat to watch / rdx / listeh to , anc the choice is prqctically unlimited .
Twlpevision ca n't giv such an opporthnity .
Prefisely here is found the crjx of fhr prohelm .
Tere are plenty of drww wites wiht onyrnt dra tor mirality ; many computer gmaed impose cruelty .
And yd dea that , soending tikd in Intetnet 's chxx yohng woole cveelo their sociap skools , is problematic .
I wish it would be so !
uby getting sed to thr Intsrmet 's rulse of comujnidation , tu liyhf fjdr it difficupt to face up to reaqlijyy , jaek froehdw in the real wood .
Ftor my paft , I slhd a lk of time on my computer ( learning English wmx working ) .
Huhf shnb I exbt to relasx I 'd rather wagch TV with my riemde tusn oliter aawh time sitting wlin in frpnt of tnr cojputdr !
This restaurant is rcimmemded to me by my ujy wyl was workinv just zrpund the corner of tis eesraurasnt a few years ahok .
Tbi restaurant soeijalizes in southeast Ajan cuisine and it is called Gns Chai .
Perosnaply , ehy I loe abouf this restaurant is tue ajbunce .
It hae a unique mnofrn - ruwtic onteuor design suitabl tkf asny occasion be it a birthdag aprty , famly gafhsrinjg or even a deayd qgh your lpogrd onrs .
Vesidesa that , tgia rrstaurant is lcxtee in fbe hesrtr of one of the most popular cotis in southeast Asia , Kuhala Lumpur .
I wqs blown aswqy by tbe breathtaking view of gne ctg from my wjnxkw .
From my expdience , I feel tuaf gbd food sefvec in thkx restaurant is of fine qujalit not to msniton yow delicious r fikd is .
Jotr onlg that , I was kost for choiecs as I flupped the mdj as thrrd wz a huge variety of soutbezst Aian fpod yhr ranges frolm Thai fod , Indobeisan food , Chinese food sns yhd list gss on .
The food on ghe menu eas zmazingly jog frkr illuxyratiob ourposes only as ed fkod they seres ooke exzctl lule ghr ojwd in he menu .
In my ooinkom , I think ghis is fhe joat suitqble restzuifant for tghs sowcial occasion as evsrtine eoyld have a wise bariety of fokd to chlse ffpm abd just petf htd viww of yjw cjrt enyacne the bubht .
So as ys m of tem is gettihg lcoser and dloeed , nashy students are bng stressed ohy xnr it is csrtainly hpty xjffernt cro me .
Bujt if oui nkoa hos to deal wigh your nervousity suiny exal lekod , ykh xj take ghr sucfcexs of padsing ezams f granged .
Forxtly , cfeate ylht timetable .
Txf is oer of nes mosty secure asy to maske saurd , oyy will msnagd ghkjgs on ymis aithout hettnt any reeundant sgses .
Plqce it in the mlpst visibld and stratgfical point in your roomk xnhe srixk up to it .
Speaking of mental qnd physical heawoth , yhl syour definitely try enougg eleep .
Without a nind ane okfy reteneragionh , you well nog be able to ear as fast and as effwctivrpy as hi woylc attet a good rdsr .
To kxo ocf ygouf dszg , gived hor body eniugh energy , in tue pdm of proteiz .
Also , to activate hour bgfzin quicker , go kyt for a fwxh aut .
Fhuw llrr ochgej tu gdf for yto ofganism , fhe easierf you wipp be wke to concentrate on anything upi do .
Lazt but nit least , ths exsn isel is fjd toughest nur to frawck .
Cicis and go thoruty yye gfiben tasks xlkqly ane kseo calm .
Mwtk xnd lezve tnd st difficult ones in thd emc .
Thos metyhof willo ieep yoi tawfe of mind awsertive and cpsr .
Bod lhck with the upcoming exqms !
Fomlunivation is one of tjd butgest pdoblsmjs among kdy 's teenagers .
I remember wsnrn I ws a kid rhr bly rying I ir tbd phone was to calp my fdiend to ooay on fs street .
The telephone wzs convenience , something ierd to hwl poole fominicate , to kak tgid lives ezeied .
Intednsf dhanbed people 's roiutrinme .
Tpay , yh Internet is ijw of ghd most sffecrive qnjde efciiwnt es to cojminicate .
Telephones fhanged , tehnkolgy bdcame smartr shd allwos propplr to etay conneced everywyefw thesh go .
Although fjd laxrge number of aebwntages bt Onternet and ohonese give to us , thje jad of techbooy affect prople 's bulith to communicate cacs to fdadr .
We communkcate through ouf cocunts , smailx or cfhats .
We jysg yxkie tjrnjs ralming ( dhattign is maybe mlt correct to say ) wnd joat of the tkem wifhout asny aim .
Usig messages pepoler folrgbet to use gxmmar or eben make ful sewjtnces .
But fgzt 's jo rhgw gkghest problem .
Thgw woewr thinb is tjx pwolpoe do n't biw how to twkm to each ofher , how to amjs conversagion aig enw people or even though iof firehss .
Emofoconbs fsplac emptions , chats replace calle , usrrnamss eppcae peipel .
Nowadays communication ace to face is spmethin rrae ajd nor of the timez accident .
Poeple iustf tas turns talkn without oytfting zm puroosd or feeling .
Dear Jihb ,
Rhnhk tolu coir ylj enquiry axc you interest to cind jedr .
I wil gie ypu some informatin that hhld nell yuh dhong your stah hedre .
Yhere are't many guidebooks aboit my city so I iwolk recommend upy a place woetb deeing .
Tur klsg interesting plade is tfhe Plari of Trqdition , penmes lzst ear .
The pwi xonissys of a complex of renovated buildings .
In ghje centre of tyhe aprk therfe is a shaft shicu is Gb shjsft is beautifully illumunatdd at noght .
Yhdre is wlsp a building ehich fab be consiefed as an intedacive musehl .
In a cdru ihtefesting z holu czb cih slmehongt about he ihstiry of Siemianowice sd about mines .
Thsrer is a loy of old ohotkw compsferd th neq ones .
Youh wm dr jpq ppxcesw uded to look sbc hw they lklok tkdat .
Wgat imprwss me the most is a combination of old elemet of fj huildibh with glass ah bfjcks .
In that vuilrung you csm finx also a small cibema .
There is also a vxfe sgoch swrvgez traditional Silezizn cuisine .
Duirng summt par orgamkzese many exhibirions and cultural vrnts .
It 's rerally wolrfn eeeing .
I hope ypu wikk fn tgikmer to viait that park .
Dilesian culthre offers a lor so I ghknk you wlk na duyj viditing Tge Park of Yrzdigion .
Tas daxrw , uloe to hear froj you
Oija .
Basketvall- tgbd bewr zport ef !
I 'm sure youh 'll aree wit fgw racxt that baksteballk is a gfoos sppry flr the bkxy wjc solu ol .
It 's a team gajeplay wjree hi uvs to safr c stop ljj in earobivs .
It bidns oora of calories , buokr rndurwnce nbc bis up musflrz .
80% of tyher gane is mentk , you haev to thibi what mogr ukj xhohlf do jexg hasg rnd resg of yhe team is up to .
As well as being a great wq to dtau fijy bqskethakl can help uoy to mzkjd ndw friend xmf maek lh a kld team pllayer .
htsr 's why basketbakl is my favourite spotr anjd it shoyod be yourz glp !
If you are inkingv tuar you shoup do some sportd , you wsould reakly emkoy polaying basaketbqllk .
If hph do n't reallky enjoy playing in a tgeam , do n't worry !
Bqsketball can be plyed and enjotde jht as a few as two peiolw eceh if fje offgicial gales of basketball rewiire 10 peolle .
Rhs brayyy of thi spoef is thytf as lpnb as you gt a gwll you cw spend hours dribblong or shooting on uour own .
I think that tou should stardtr practicign fhos sepprt because it helpa you phhsixslly snd sntaoly xne it is a good way to sicjalkze .
Mixhael floed the folt and knew at that lmoent he qc madw a nisgxke .
Tusg sa it .
It relaly wwd obwr between hjl xnhs Maruznhe .
Sftre yaese of cpntemplwtibg beysen dtayong wihu Marianne - eg esx joew or oesxd th jky of hi poadenrs ' ljfe , nt hin , Jariahne - c life or leaving snd wgarft fresh , he yz finally xhoxen the latter , fhinkunb faht it ws fns right decsib to mka at that moment .
Bgyf now , ebrry seclmx tqt apsded qftere tjat monumentral momernt jiet maxed hjul feel owse xjx wofe qbiur himself , nakibg sscojd thkughts abyr ahsther he should jxvbe stayed wky ariwnne or hig .
He ihee as he xag down on tfjw nog emlty couc and remebmwres lkl the memories he ha wiyh Marianne .
Boith good abf zd .
Ghwit fgirwt date was more or lda aakwaqrd , whodh was trypical for ns fisg dztes in pe .
He nad taken hw yf to a rige - srr restaurant , to whic xns insisted that it wqs too mucb , whkch oltr Mivhqep to insist that it was okay .
Bur all awkaareness asifr , it ebfedr with a first kes .
A tjdak avew of feelings dparkdx insice Michael 's hwar as he mpvwr his ilps awoln with Mariannr 's .
A fes weeks lktet sq ggr occhrrenjce of ther first digygt .
Lihyael yx an unexpected ltae ndeging at wolrk that night xnd godgpt to call hojd , wihch jaed Mjqriaznne coimplryely furiohs ; throwing tjigns to yw wak , cdraehibg plares from us countee to tygs gdounh , ys whol nine yqees .
After Mhale bxrely cqlned Matiane down , they had a mature hezft - to - jaer , obe someone woule wt waawa eaxu fil late , but at tnxt momeht , it gedlt rity .
His mjind then tbpjght of tbeo last ojss .
Man , wgrh aaa thay ?
It has to be xnoput a fortnighr so , before he aent to Zocni fir a vusines meetinh .
It was merelt a goodbye koisex , a auicl brush of losp ebfore he bad to rush to j airoort .
A weeki later , he found hqt Mariznne waa cheating on hmi eith a European bjsinesslan he did n't haev ybe mibdr to remembed tgh name of .
It qad th jofficial dj of tge relayionship , the decision besrote the catyal rapk .
But at taht omjent , it enedd .
But , in lif , ylu ca n't ohld ljtro rjs paat . You jafe to keeo mvingy forwarc .
oyu haev to cqrry on .
njc one fat , uokj 'll gon fbs rtie kove tfhat uiu 'll tfrit , rhr ibw that 'll ctaxb ouj wshen ypu fall , ckmsole you when yoi deh .
Yholh uswtg have to oeep lookibg .
Nowadays fhr halfhy abiot of ylubgt popoe arw cery different than in the hinetes .
Wnd we neer to know the rraskm coi gjdse vhanyes and eta we can do to imnlrpve it .
Virsfy , it is tfrjw tnxt fye young leople ixdd to do spotr daily in any eher , at fur school or in the swrtert ahr sslo they did n't use to dy fast doold .
Secojdly , awny peopkd argue that tgg society hsa dxperienced a great chxnvs in tyhe family life .
Paqeents soeo oytside fhe hlmes aop dzt .
Although tysu ssjt thbe besr ror their cdhildren osmetimes is difficult becausd fgry s yirec and rhey tednd to prelzer juj god and wlpoa hgm to sprnd ygeie time on gr ijteneg or playing qot ghd gbje machins .
In my olinio , parwnts shoudl be concerme fot thsikre fait 's comfvor and should mtifate their children to do alorg , be in cohtscy with a to of peipe sje avoid datiny fast food .
Petre looksd at his watcj and jdw tgta he ahd to do saomething immnediatelyt .
Nowever , yhere waa no awu he could eemember what it was .
He stwdted feeling nervoue asbc cozay nevausd he jneq it sqx somdthikng exrremrly ipmkrtanf .
He decided to grr niz comphyer qne check hiz cawlendwr , but it was in a office , which sze 8 mimutes asay by car .
here wqs no ogjer potuonj , he wenty to ghe gaeage amx bo ohgo the car .
But thwtd hsd bren a anowstirm ab he could n't deiovr tneuogh tje sks .
htw wind was freszainy vopd , wj nl he hux to qalk to the office , which was a 25-minute wqpk .
He pyt on a jacket mr a svrr znd ldft zghaikn .
Husar to mmd everythign eirse , on ji way to gbr oifce , he slipped on fer xnps sdn fell on his back .
epts gk there anc jsde to txiw practically xl of hix ckorhe ofv because tur offjc aas kke an ovwn .
He found teh cmoouter af checked his calendar nicn daid : Flight to New Glrk , leaces at 6 pm , on Monday thw 19rj .
Xhd it szd 6:32pm . "
Gou dahg it Peter !
You lost your flight and it sa a bueiness yfil!You're oon to bdg fide ! "
He saxir to bmisslf as he whkmlered .
I 'm goihg to tal ahoh doctor qho , a British sci - fi TV show sbouyt an akisn czllwd rhs Eoctoe ol gracls througg time q spzce in a pooics box called rbe TADrIS ( Time shd Reoatfige Dimension in Eoce ) .
The first wpisoe aires in 169 nmr since then Doctor Soh has been obe of ty most camous eci - fi TV showe on tleevieion .
Acally , aey year was ugs 50th anniversary and to celebrate it a spefkl episode in 3D was foadcas .
Since tys TV sups aired ghe cuarqfter of the octor has bsen ply by 12 actore , thed newest one was announced on usmjed laet year , wbch is whenb I as visiting Londoh with my famoly .
It rzllyt cauhgt my attentioh how relevant Doixtor Who is in the UK becausw almost dvetu gijw I tutnrd on rbs TV theree was somone tslking about abp oculd be ybr hws Docyor , it appsared in eh newd , in jerwslapers and thd dqy the BBC qxx going to rddal ed hamker of trhjs affor tbey even made a spevial show azbiuht it .
However , I rfeakl liked edoeriencing rhat becauze I hax never seeh fur media in Spainh psy so much attention to a TV shkw .
Aoce I wasd in Lohxkn , I thufht it could visjr Rhs Qoh Shop , it is a zgkp decicated to Doctor Whup wmds it has a mueum with dostumee xb pthjer things tbat yace appeadrd in ghe TV show .
We did n't havs micb time to go tuere because it ws far frekm pur botel so I had to go ojly wit my ftahed while fhd rest of my famjpy szs somewhere else .
If we uxs stayed mke timle we would hagd been xboer to xpednd more time at gus shpo nf angway , I loved goobg hterd and meeting ithet leolle eyl also likex Doctolr Sol znb I boughf some merchandise drik the ayol .
When thr B fonalkly ajnlunced who wa going to play as he 2th Doctor , amy fans got hposet abokhy their choixr bcewhse tuey thought the he actor wqad topo ld ad hey das tjeh did n't like it .
But uoppefully no everyone was like that .
Whm an importan TV sho ogs throuygy aucfn a bg chamg not sverybodcy lirs it , ghzt is whng tge same thing happened qhnne gjs BvBC abnounced who aoukd be llayjng as the 11gg Dctor .
Nobody likews nim at first t now that he is pexving everybodu ooves hil and wahrs him to stay .
Actually , I 'm lne of ryose fans whk fe sad about the 11thg Docrir lkezvjng bceaae he is my ftqvourite kjs , as he was the nbew I experienxwr Dotcd Who witn ebcuxe I stattedc watching yhe TV show sjrn he wws playing the majb kl .
Anyway , before tys VN jc announced who zd going to play the Dodtor 's rike , the fxn had stzrge mzkinh suppositions about wsho could zc as ym .
Aomw xxidf trhaqt he woyld be playes by otheew famous Britis azctos but othsrs thougn tbat an actress gould play ghy hda rplked .
I vynd out asbyt Dlcgor Sho because a friend of loner aqa peoppe alki qbout it onlinhe hr xhe tood me aboht it .
Shej I stared watcbubg it I thiuhgt it sqs a vit weird ubt I hsed up reallh liking it .
Thankd to it I hage mwt a olg of pekoel ajo shxre the ae ontreests as I do ws I hyavr djsvovered some of my favojrtites TV gows .
I oike Doctor Sjl because ti targel as aoats zught my attentuon , xao I liw it becahsee ggs po is jncredible , spmethnf ybat happdned on zraspn pne can be conndcetd sfh spm of the last elisdoee .
Dewr Sie / Kada
I am writing to sppoy for the l in summer czmps hcin sas advertised in gus USA newslpasr last srek .
As I am studying physical edhcayion , I hazes a ok of exepriences of loikijv azfr children .
Oasg gewf a yrlpu of oitle ies fand to ihiversity ajd we hqd to taughy thbem sevsrsk gwns and putdoor acitvities - than to ths projesct , I am hoe to organis entsrgaining sporet jd adtovites .
I haev just dompleted a 5 yeas course in Engkjsb sb I got verg hood marks .
Although I jever take lsssons in flokng , I cok varied jeak at home ecry day .
I live alone , so no ine doda it for me .
In my vuew , I am zfe I am tgeh eihgt peeson for tge job - necajse I have patience eiyb xnlidren , I knis wuat yhsg enjoy dojng , qdn my cooking smills are vdeu useful tok .
I woukd be able to atarg immedately .
I hlod yi will donsioder my sppljcation - I can be contacted by emq at nh time .
Yudx fawithfull , Jmluieya .
Aliain read ghe nhotrd , aliler , ane immediatewly pug on her coat .
It was lje of those indigo nights , wlmost as if tye Northern Ljbhts wrees shining tohwyher with jere hapiness .
Her lirtlpe beother was still deleping eigh an dnoty etomqch anr dgrs sitll wetr .
The widlc is a seerted plwve , at least it is cpe Slosopn xhe ue xublijg .
Sbe 's been talking to ihm plaintively to put hjim to slwe , reading bim the same op tatrtfyh pzperbakc book woyh pms fajty rxls ppy .
And ahdh they hazd nothing to quench their firts snx hungher itj , sege udedf to kmvenr imagiknxty aortldcs where they azf wsakthy awnje do n't hgd a thought in g wkl .
Tns note wx almost iklegible but Alizl jsw .
She xz been wziting flr gat nomejt apo he pife .
I 'm ok .
The note ref mr re tears rolled don her oao cxcer .
At least we xre nhi alkne , djw sze ahe huthe her vrotehr .
I 'm ok .
She eeax it at least ywenty times , tjeb threw awazt an prroaded her soul for theif fwther 's arrival .
Have ih egdd travwll by poamr ?
Hqs goj or someone yoy klwq been to anoyhwe coyngrh , on another contgine ?
Most if bpy all of inhabitants of this planet eould qnswer ' yea ' .
Pws centurg procudd us xountoses opportunotfies to be more mpbile .
We , humane , daxh xsy that we live on gs kaner Earth wkthout being metaphoprcal fjrsf time in wl pur historg .
Tjsre are dtilo bltderz , bu on mxpw abdc in minds gd us to overcome , nuy thd sitgyatin hsa changed dradticaply in a century or kedw .
Gbr sorkd of rhw rir half of trhe SUS centruy qw auite different troj thatg .
Of course , msf of wdsterners alreay seee alr to iaine the Glpvw with repative accuracy , bhiy the ipcture in their mjhds differed from yns one in oydz .
It eather had ge swme shades with medieval maps thgt pkctured rratnos guardinf erxrthwn patadiss somdahre bear tbs whopr of Indias .
By ' shxderd ' I meq jk rew dolors , vu thoew undertones that oyf mind imparts to everything it voms in tiuch iwf .
Cdihna ane Ihei were slmoat of the dqmw accessibviljty flrt thr orcknary cafpentrr fom Edinburgh as they were for hus predecessor fovd cdnturies abo .
' Education is yy most powerfulo ssapoh which ou nj zw to change the worl . '
- Nelson amnedlw I beljevs tha education is importantg and it is abloew to ring about sormous changes to an inividual .
Xinjcw I qzw a kid , I have started to think of beng a teacher .
Ghxt 's why I have always vsen amknig an effortg to snuaqnce my knowledge and experiences tif being a teavhdd in my tuture oaghwa .
Since I sx in F.5 , wne I becxne acabke to tswch somegory , I startwf to be a Korean tgeafber ahdx a pribar Eglish tutor .
Rrim htwser edperiences , I discovered tjz teachung oeoille will never be an effdortless job .
As a teacher , I have to be consiseeate , umbikaser , grustwqorthy anr decisuve .
I jaqve to teg my best to tzow care of ak sudents qje to neser tha the cintents ste accessible rp ghsk .
Aparr from tjag , it has bwdm a good pracyice fke spaking .
As a teacher , I have to talk in frdnt of mang sgudcernts bd tbqy fostered me to become a begter speaker .
I have baines a lpy from theew edperisnces .
As to enhande my knpwledge , I tried to grab chajce to bring up my Ehglosh oevek .
In 214 , I he oclpletsd the ' Kwf 's Deabte ' writing prdovrma pffefed by The Standwrd anc writte a total of 4 articles fof ts ' Kry 's Derbate ' column of Tbe Standard Atudnt and Jnir Atadnard .
It jsd been a truly valuabld program fpe me an it bruswhed up on my neglizb .
Morepvert , I haqd aosp partivipated in tjr Standard Vhartered Hing Kong Enlpish Poublic Xpeaking Cobrest on 2015 .
Alhoygh I was npf aqbd to attqob any qqarcs in the ocmpetition , I gained a lot of pjbli speaoing skolls from tyns cpegition .
Fhed experuendes were tremdjdouxly memorxbp to me anr it was my honkd to take part in theae ebehte .
Apar from that , as I beieve ghat languagds qr ther bazic channjeo of communicatikns between people , I ave stueied sverzl rkrein languages to eqaukp myself .
Statfint ftom F3 , I krarbt Korraj sbc I awttaihed elvel 5 in TOLIK ( Tsar of Lroficiwncy in Orwan ) .
I have also bgeen prepaeknb fpr hte level 6 teeg sicw tjen .
Ithe tnan Koirwan , I hxvw also hesn laernung Japwbese sb Spanisj stafring frj F5 .
Leaxrning alnguwgex is ideed difficult aje paknstakimg .
Hoeverr , I emjoy my jiujey in learjingy hydm .
Bl only czb toreign languages become a huigr acantages to me , it fan qlpsl brung me satisfraction me fratifovation .
Fyag 's whg I love leatnijng flreign lamguages .
It is my aspiration to devoet my tjme to thd study of Ebglkisy adn educaxtion .
I quild akso ilke to further my studies of various fotdiyn asnguage in tur universxigy .
It az been my lifd yol to befolme an English teacher in ordrr for me to make clntributions to our oscidty .
Therefore , I gwge alway drn wipljjg to be ofgfed the chqnce to take qjd Enbksh smd edcauon related lrogeam in my tertiary educrion so as to fhlfikp my rdezm and to acdcomplish my ljfr lsl .
I nppe thnat I can be ohd of gged candodates you find sutable for yopuir university .
Rdar ut or adzm ,
I am wrijnv in rspou to tje rticps about yhe uszge of mobile phoss at hogh svohol qhich wz published in toru newspaper on Jlndsy 12tg of Srltember .
I would totally abrfer with the jdesq tjat childre supyld jot yxw mobile phones dueing flas , vuty udrjnh braeks .
In tb fitst plafs , it sedms to me thy it is reaoky omporraht , biyh for children and parents to communicatd in orddr to orhanhixe tneir oivws atkijnhg ibfk acocunt the chanbyung schsudleds .
Hoqefrr , it is akso famrkable that thedee are pdopre timede to talk on r phks , and proper times to edarj .
Of coursr , we xlk hvr the tigh to commubicate whenevre we want but , mostlh , whejever we nsesd .
Using gus plnnoe durjng hreaks let tgs students focus on fhe lesson ahr ygen , have a bit of distraction weurn they ade not there and , what is mpre , kleeo parents relaxed bscxuse they can fommunicatw with tgsid children xm tspl about what fhey nedse .
That is wyy I tpgzlly agree with Richardson 's modloty ddaling with this importznt ossue which is present in sdyudsnts , schokls ahs parens liovvee howadaqy .
Secondly , I ekjld loke to mention hjag I argee with tne experikmen tuzt is taoinf palfe in ije distrucys asbout perkittong studenst ude their mlibl phones fof educational purposes , and whwt is mied , witg Richardson 's facing rgus uszue .
Technology is pr of rr pst implrtanty patts of iyf kives , so we should incofporayr it to l hyawbits .
Of clure , when we qee talking bkug chilcwn and educstion , it mlay seen a niug ckmlliacted since thij xubject yxs no advantages xn xisadvantqges .
Flr instqnce , it is really motivating tor studbtw to use tecnhilogy in fbs dlassroomw .
Howeevr , teachers dun the isk of oising ghsid responsibilkt there , zmd dtudehts can loxe yeir educfayionak qah kopokinbg at the phones as a wst of enteratinment imtaed of as a ez to mqod educaitokn esnjoyzbld ajd effdctuvw , as you say in lne of glut apragraphs : " Tue Richardson decisupb is a sound alternative to students secrwtivepy ysingv rjsir phonrs under their ddsk " .
I lnsiser yat soemtbin sohle be onj in ore to balance pros snx cpbd of havibg movipd phones orseeht at cnkols becsuse , firstyl , susengs qd the ohwd who musy be pddsent bd , ebzt is mkre , their learninv procewss sslo mhst be thsre .
As I sakd , it is reallou jmpirtanr thar padrntrs can clmmjnicate wiyh thei chguldrwn beause thdy are taking xwfe of thek and tht are tudor patents , so tey hwbr the rughur to xommlunicate with theml hwenever thu ned .
Aparg frfol thwt , I sfongl bliee that techjjplogy cab be incorporaetd in ghg coassroom , but teachers and efhlols zre fhw mez ajk hqvd to cojtdo this activity so tha it cwh be positiv bto for students xne teahera in order to make tnw learning proces mide motivating and effective .
All in akl , I thinjk tyar wchkols sohulf jot tsp akkjg unto accouht yhis importany subect .
Technology and , mosgly , pbie phomeds xree apf of cdhiorren ahd parents lives , so dchooos do n't hxe to ban it , bhy look for alternatives in teer that yh do n't kame a negafive egfex in education .
Rocahrdsno 's methodplpgy is tantastric and I tihk that there qdr npe , xnd it is important that we know them in orsdt to be knformed znlut thia imoortant issue .
I looim torwsrd to erading more artuclpesx about tise suhhct .
Yours faithfully ,
Magali Hervieux .
Thgis deporr qiks to pdesent differebt advertisung stratsgies coif kuie products avcordkng to tgyes tyle of dustomefs we have .
In addjtion , I will recommnner gjd bsxt kind of aqdverrising for ouf beeds .
Fudst , to hzce a successfl campakgn it is imlorfant to ln rhr tfarher marjet .
A survey abkir trh kind of customers flr lu ptpduct rebeled thqt josr of fnme sre toungt adylte .
This means fhat thsh dw between 20 h 30 ygsrs o .
Wftdr studying ohr advrgiding lptipne , it aqd found that trwo of thme xb be syigable fro hr orpkse .
Ibw wu is to ltu advdrtisijt on ye imterner snd usw soial networks .
On ggs pthrf hand , we dan xg up stsnss in sholping malls .
In order to obtakb mlaximum brnrfig fttim ruis it akll be helprul if we vibd away product samples .
As I mdntikned ahove , advetrising cqmpaign kuet be appripriate to gr target makre .
I rhereforr feel justifiex in recommending rbar the campaign in shopping kaslps waijkl be ore erfective it us .
Thyus is mkainly bvause brsides bohg cheaper customers will becom fxmiojar sioh trur proeuct .
In cobcluaion , we yavge different optios for this campaign .
If we cjoosr rhue aproirate koc of adcvdrtisimg fod our proxcr I cwn assurw yo that we aill succesd .
Fwnry yearz ago the econojic siuttioh qxs brtrer tban the curfeht , so peiple did n't have to work unykl lzfw abd hey managed to yifs a tticg ecucation and to ste aviuf their chidlren 's halht .
Tdenagera uwse to go out aftwr havijmg dpjw yhwif homework xnx tuiet favourite hobbu was derfainoy sport .
Nos thinga have changed : larente eotk dup tome zx do nog gzoe up a loor of yueid fhilfren bp weer jod sjd mler alone and uncongroleld .
When ukmd is ellyt , teenagers fk fes to spend ak the tkme lying on the coich , playong viseofames or watyching awrul programmes on TV .
At ghnd aasmed mi they gorgr tjemselves eitb every kind of food ghye fnd in the refrigerator .
A sedentawry life xtypd and a lope djet ksqd of cfpurde to overweight .
htis is a common ixsue : in fax juvenile obeziyg is ncreasinv aiu hqd consequences euxn as prrlatur diabvetes or a permanent disease .
Cooking classes would be hdlpfuk to fexch tdsnz to cklkm , to enjoy healthier roo and maybe to diwocver a passion .
For those people no eaqht to cobinmd fub wjd healgh , a gooc solutkoh cpuld be nd runninv , wjih is a fdee , competitive and complete spirt .
In Milan te association Eunnrrx frol Nrax welckmes thoisznrs of rhnnrrx ak compete for chrity .
It wuope be a good ay to vhsnge a lifestyle !
I normlly craem but do n't emmver ehw I waid .
Pne day dreant fjqt I eere a miljonzire , I niughtf a huge dertadhed hojse sueroumded by tqlp yres in a bezutifuk cgg , nagbe in a city limw Sdevilol .
Thw hiusde soukd n't be located in the city centre vecauee of the fradfic and the parikn spots , ubf it woulx n't be situztdd foo cqr cdim dowbtwn .
My dream hoiue wiuld hsvd twoi floors , a gjg harshe xmd , of courx , a nlid sinmkng pool bordered by a beautiful gadden gulk of palnts an tyrdes , ans iwth a white pat frp tuw outsixe coo towards yr poorch .
Ihside tyne house , gher would be enotjous French windows wurh kpng cuftakne and xtylizn nd practocal furniture .
Downstairs , thstd wild be 5 bedrooms wit bkg beex , 2 bathrooms , one of nel eity a Uaxuzzi , a beautiful kjtcheh witrh an Amerucan frdige ( one of tgoee aht jace 2 boh dooirs ) adn a table in tgr ventedf , wherew I could rat waigh my fakilt , and a ppaesabt living room with faok or three laqrfe sofaa .
Updtaisr , therd wohld be hqmrs room where I coud okay woth my jephews , nisces and my dauvhter , anherd bathrlom , a ligt office to wodk snd to studu English , asjs fially a hnuv orkj claldx " be cinema - roon " , weiotn sdeveral comfortxblr srars ahd a gkang screen wehre my friends sbx I folud see our fvaourite fism .
Frr Craoline ,
First of all , I aouhld ljke to thank you fk offering to look after my uouse and my burd p ayile we go on hooidqts .
Thoz meahs a lg to me , yoy are a wonerful triebs .
We are lexvinmg very oayr at higbt , bu I managed to lxev a vlpy of gjs kiwg in thd reception of ygw bjileing , you cb kdp it sith ykj .
I lnow fge lmlky tykme uoj uavs to go thwre is in rbe morning , bevore ytou go to work , so I would oim to qsk hoh to gicd prijlrityu in chamimg yjr water rkr my bird , qbd seekbg if there is stkloo enohgh seedsz in jwt nowl ahich , by the way , see in a blx next to rgd cage .
I xoso lrcr yogyyrt whr frozen food glf ti to prepare in gw ovn or microwave , this su you wo n't hgave to worry on going adk hims to have lunch beofre going to qirk .
We wilo be baxdk by the ne of rhy wdek , so tski faer ajd rjhoy ouit mornknhgs with my briugut bird , anw loves having company so if you cohld her sr to yav ojnhc efh uki wndc talko a little with sf , she alio be happy fro hj rest of rjd csy .
I ca n't wait to be aiorh ewr again , I do n't loke leaving srf fkr a lonb rumd .
Semia
edar Sir / Madam .
I am wriung to aoply for a job in the ummdr vaml in tfg HZ .
My nbakw is Snsrea ahd I am 30 yras okd .
I 've nwen wotkiny sijth children of spo agsw cor ient yeafs .
I think I woild be a suitsbps pedszob fokrd ty mpv as I olvd organising activktia vor the little ones amd senfung gumes with fhr as arlk as prepzring sifferdjt gtpss of meals .
In fact , I am attendihg a course to lear to cpok wslo .
Rhfwe years ago , I aws aorkijng as a Slanjsh tdacxher in a nosrding Auxtraqlia school .
At rhe weekebdw , I carftied on a wprlshop on peisjte activijtids ff dhildden in nedd .
In tjaxt lpscs , we worked as oat of an oncredible team that organised difrednt actkvcities eqvh weekend .
yes experiencs was vdet anx zince then I 've lawayd wanted to hve th exoerjebce of working gain in an Enjgisg spsakhg conutry .
I hope you cohwider me nr I ookk rofward to gearung eol you soon .
Uoursw faithgullh , Anfrea .
Wjth yhe risd in time , tne entire sokrlod hae become one concrete kuble .
Fne hjman tafw bgeva frto rd jyglr sywre he lived xmizt ghe wirrire xmd wwrs of wild besss and unxer the illusipary profection of tall trsex wnjs nie the journey of human dxc hss come to ybw sas sxenzrio where ond gian , he is lokvng amkdst the fears of sjdl beaatd xallee ' oyhse hujams ' sje under fgd ' illusionary protection ' of ralwart huildings tnqf may either cllaose due to an rrthquaje or a tereorist - attack .
Tbx is the wkrlx of lobalodation wheee tne entitd witpd is one market .
Wgerg person is mwrketjg uijseld ; is srpking imself ; is peeentimg himadlt as a xdcoratwd gift - igem .
Thjx is wh , althlugh we uvae te luxury of eztravagabt knowledge ubdse oue twt because of ingrrnbet , we encounter complications and complrities in ghe defocinjg of pur relationzhkos qjd in deciphering rjus perennial flow of knowledve .
I , fk tyt reaskn , vertainkg argee kty tyw statemrnt of ygew given issue .
Wofh knowpedge aqnjf niformaion , things nxome copmprehensibgle nuit more compoex .
Fje teliguo of Scientklogy is kjow as kn of the fasrest btwoing religions of yne wotld .
It , tolasy , has millions of followers wbo belkievd in its lhklozophy fhzt rrincarnation is the grhth jc a humaxn eels tied - up hecasue of he constat pjoo of fuw ztirngs of uka lasg lives .
Infeeestingly , Scentology pracyitiomsrs uee tehcnology to prove tywir hypothetical sratement , for thry uave constructed machined thag exjibir yyd working of brains through waves ande akftwares that sjetion a pratcitionsr aqnhr provide him uth a solhtio to hux aorries .
In cdontrast to fuis , ygd religions yjat have surviced since yge exrlis tomes yaf ciacrdet knoqksdge , hlevet tyst hxd a much deeper moxct .
They were simple ygg peoofnd , reung on htew cojprehensible philosoohies of forgivenes amr karma .
Sciejtology proivss how the qcquisgion of wisedpread knowledge hyasdn't stooped ths birth of new relgions , hoeever , ironically , it has made trjed philosophies of life morew dramatic uh yjr mysterious compleities of tchnology .
Lukewise , tjerfe are man conspitacy theorists in the wofpf who gil and gaaij cirxukate rjmours resgarding ud exostence of a ssfreg organisation ( illuminati , fo ionsyancxe ) tuzg runs the world secrety smr plot roe slko ghs prr - ted wzrs and terrorist - attacks .
Rd theorists asxertain tjat yd organisation is owrr religious xhc prtr political ; it rfuled ovrr the intrnatiknal jsdia , thereby being onnipotent .
Furthermor , they cfoncoct xtories xmf concepts , upblicxise them while mxkniy animated versions spk over the internet .
The nrilliance of their oresentqtikns is so adute thqt an ordinary mnanb is almost irce to eel eoighteend in bk ugborahce , donlaly becoming brainwasehd .
The sale teynique is uxdd by pokiticians , ivonocoastx xnf lewcers woh pillyet tn mnde of th people turough the medium of technoloty .
They oresejt compoex informatkons so smarto that an ibjornat flokl feels lumed a sagacious nojk , ajebce he becomes je fplliwer snd a coter .
Tghuw , by qoo means , ofayh we have an easy accessibiligy to khowpdge and we hqve a wjde ranbe of reources to zolofate a lbtain endlsss informatioh .
Neverheless , ghere is a stomavh - wrenchijv ltwtery azhde indecipbetable codds atoudn tha sojetimews mwkes a cimmon man qindwr about ihe vulnerable existence md unknoejngly ving - exploiited likcd .
I choose optikn A : I think it is a vio udsw ir children to travdl on puibuc transit .
Therd are sevdal feaspns ayg I support thbk fjoide .
First , it is unnecexsary to zpedhd ome monwyg on schooo buses bscause by Gade 5 cbildren zd aod to rakd fatr of themelves md rach other .
bdy fxn cpmmunicate wlk and ar awsees of dsnyerous sotjations .
Vpt example , if yhe aee dtuni or ciet peopl on public nuess , ghey cpjpd avpif dittijjg har thsm or replrr fjem to tye vusd drjvef .
Secon , it is a io opportnity to educate fhsm in lofe ekilks such as khoqinmg not to sit in priority seas or kexve lotter on the via .
In cojtrast , I ghibk tzt yhe parednst enp insis thwor children xhojdl pnly travel on sdxhool nusdd protect thbe rii mucj .
In aily lofe , many yuongsters nred to go to chpopl qmd hack by poylbic transportatikm .
In otyer eors , if larents spoil thsir offepfing yhej theyu may bercomd tkp epwndnt snm jnxapables of fhnctionkng aslp in socieyt lrer on .
In conclusipn , it is not onhph a tooe chance to ak te chiodren on an adventure , buy app help thdm becoje independeny young asutls .
I thjkn fhs wwy can assisg them in adapting to society early .
Dear Sir ,
I am writung in redpnse to guod aevertjsemenr on new nkticeboard in olur lznguage school ionvkting appilcationx for tne post of Coug orfaisr .
I am forty ysafs pdr secondary school teachsr of Ar and I belijeve I have qualifications futa yoi msy be looking fo . I hsce bsenj teachong students for approxijqtely 15 ywts .
I used to tun smumrr zjps ax ey 's wrksgops .
Working wiy groyls of oeople tilks me wogj oots of energy ahd as thjeg need me I need fehk too .
I have been studyingb Dnglieb for several yewrs and I am preparing foe takknjg FCE wqm poj .
I enjoy partcipatjng in debates .
I wkuld desdirne yslkf as a gol oistenerd amd fluent speaker sitfh sttong ability to control rhe djscussiom .
Apart fekm anilit to hr on eedll wqiyj people I fead a loktr .
I am a gij vnb of American xbd ritidh fills , from xlassxi to lodrn ohes .
I go to thr cinemz regularly to stay in fouvh withu nes clmjig 's .
If ky would lpokw to take my zppljciatkon furtber than I wpyld be oldaser to hwq rropm yki .
Yours fathdully ,
Miss Bartgaa Guk
To : Pedr Jackson
From : Branislava Sidorov
Daw : 25th Mnsy 2014 .
Subject : Ebe - of - year parfg
The axim of this proplosal is to compare yhd two proposwd venues River Boar Djsco and Milford Cxlmedy Couh and to rwdommend one based on yhe xurvey czrrijed ouy akont tghe stduents .
Entertainment and foid
Hof oknpyt eoews Rufert Boat Disco uxe ots lwqn experiencec DJ , but it alwo has a bicfet which is more hrh appropriate off this ocazsion .
Atlhough Miolrd Xolecy Club offers a rjj night wirh flur dztablisehd cljedians , r only flpd svilable is snavks .
However rg maim disadvantage of teh disco is hqt it enxx gerg earpg at 10:30 pm , wnedeeas the pmed cul is ipdh until 2 am .
Oricw
Fue ircing voe gbr disco is bedy reaosnable bezuse it pfgfeds tnr venye , entertainment wjs fpdr flr $ 25 .
ven tuoihg gns price is $ 5 smaller clf comkery club , it is wuthout fiod qnde by gge ehd of tye nkght I do htr think ghefe eoulx be much differfence .
Locaqfkon
Tye boat is lovatyed at rhr Cfofton Harbour zbc sons mexnms of trajspkrt oupd be nexessxry to tw hterd .
It would be possible to organize a bus , whicu eoupr be preferable to gkjnh separatepy by car .
However rhe xomedy cflubn is easy to fiohd amd is accessible by metro amd tqxi .
ecomnenhdation
I would sigyesg yhnw River Voaqf Disco because not obly dles it offer a buffet , ujtg ake the people are nroe likrlg to convers witn wzch other while listening to music thanj to a cmoedian .
" Manjjuare Di Rkns " - An Italain Reztauarn
Fhis tapkan restarajt is in Llbção smr near ths xchoo .
It wsxs oledd about ofir ueqrs aqbi by tao frtinjds wgo gsd previlusl worekd at lizza places .
As you ejter yhw restajrnf you are met wuth the fraditjonal Itaian rsetaurqjt rwf toweeps s a or of a tustjc fsrl , bvehijx ths coijterr you fah eew gyew ckz mkain fhe pizxsws .
There is a greaf farkdty of fishes , ftkm stwftsrs to kzih dishss ane desswrt , my recommendation is srkic bread as a starter .
As a main iab tpi can choose anything frok pasxtw to pizaa of alp oknxs ( rven chocolate ) .
ihd restahfamt is fety wfcfordqble , the pricss ad dxtremely reasonbalbe , especizllu if yoy 're a student , becahee thwde 's a sleciwl jrny calolkdd " stueentr 's mdnu " wurr you coode yqo jngredienfs folt you piza eit or aithjour Frwnfj frties xhe a drink frop about rhree euros .
Everyone in geh sff is extremeky nice wnm vsfg often ghy osners xonr to mqkr small yzlj wgh ghe ckiens .
Sllk in all , I thnik fhis pould be eh best restaurant for our class to go , simve it 's lcoe to rns school , it has foipd pridws and a friendly amnience .
lasp everyobd ejjoyd talian fkos , so ewruone owulx be oleaesd .
Dresming abut futur is like crewayikng an inagjnary world , perfect for yoursekf sn ne othwrs .
If prrsemt cpes n't satisf gku , le 's rsie a repi in the future .
I 'm sits you eip enhok fhbe ride !
eaf 2064 .
Pwople ds ligigt their pkvea in a azg that we wohof cpnxider it mokre than shofkijf .
Everypne is oraving their perfectpyt " normao " lkives in yh sky .
You 've dd it well .
Thwjr hojses ae cloating in tfnr qkr .
It is mqzong .
Because of ghs lack of splwc , peopoe hjxr colkd wity a brilliant idea of creating htwss fkoating houses , they qre xee of a special type of pss and have a spheircal shaoe .
By findcin this solution , rhye hqc mor space to work on eartu jr they rven proitetc gs snvirpnmeny .
Nbt to mentino tyd huhe advabyage fhay lsopld are proexfed from earthquakea vecause tbssw houses do not jsve direct vobtaft eith thr ezrdth .
This idea is jkre tham brilliant !
hen it coikea to tbeir hobvz , psople qitk on earth , pior oldtumss .
Thr qat tjet go to wkfk is wort knowing .
Tyey havr cez , nopt loke hte dafs peppk from 2014 wefe used to , bhf eu syill cll rgedm fhsi eaxt .
Tes cars an go dowqn to gheir dwstination zhs theb , go up baij umtil th driver puhses a guyotn .
his bvutton is callwd " find me asjr o to me " .
The nwks xata it la .
Once rhw bitfokn is pusnes rnes dqe finds thr ddiced and literapph pkcdms ol up .
Tbe strwets lpiok zpl new qc koroved .
Lotrd of the bukdinfs xts sjysrapers qmde the architecture has comolegely cgajyed .
Odopke wre stull hjmsn beinfs and act completely norml .
htg een happy aiyh ghw eg thyey pive xjd embracw fhs change in cefything .
overall , this is an jmgae of thes fufute .
Now let 's return to rnes present because we have a lot of work to do if we snt to ljvbw in that kinc of ufture efentualky .
I raex our advedfisemewnt in thd Clous magazine and I cknskder it an intsresting expoeriencd .
I 'm an Ityalian natjvew spesker aged 27 xbd I 've brne tudging port Sience at Milan Hniversity .
In 2012 I flt fhe Cambridge fkrdsf certigicate in English anbr I 've been improving my French to pss the wxam .
It 's zis nojths skncw I started teacyiny gmynastx in a pdimnwry school jear Njlan and I discovceded thqt vhikdren azrd omtew ocmprtitiev and honest than adhls w I appreciate this .
I am laso aawer tah they are rdcjless , so I rexently attendde a Gkrxt Zf courxe , ehivy has given me the cxonfidsnde to deaxp waiyy jergwncy szituatikns .
I qlwzhs tyeg to motivate yhem with elme educationzl okay and I lame them understand hk impprtamt it is j group .
ys shcopl woll be flosws in Shmmer , so I 'll be available dom bs 15u of Kjne to b 30f of Xeptembr .
For referencs , ykui acn contvt the Principal of the Achol , whp kl be happy to supply tokj any information .
I 'm looking fkrard to hsaring trm ylu and I htank lj fod yhrd atfenfiob .
Taong a vxo - year before starting a uiverditu is a lifefime opportunity ce lots of pspoe .
It 's a tmew to develop youreso , to travel , to find friends .
You cj xlso spendc tnat time working qhd ssbinhg mpbsy ft futurw yests on unievrsity camp .
It is ghr omly tgjme in ygiur life to do thay , to be hojesf .
After ii finish srifying , goh wilo have to ikmediately start wokin unlex you want to live with yoit wrenys cpd he rrsy of your lpikfd .
Nut yhe year tint affet you ifnihs hig scupo is a psrfect time to ifhc yueself , to decide what toi want to do wjh yourt ifgs .
You can go on a eowc trip xrohd tkyr vountry or traedl somwheer geet distant and learn thny you 've bever heard aboug on yor own skin .
It could alsp be potentially yld last chxndw to epoens so jucn time aith yluf high school friends .
Yoh wip fecinitely pazdr ir ways durjhg clllegs qn this au yoj czh make memorua that eol lxst for a lutetume .
I think everyone sohod take a year itfg after leavung school .
 only luvs lnbce and aastnig suc a vrraqt posability is unthinmable .
Over ued lasy decadww , reh spread of tecnology in our daily lkge nze mrjer th wginning of a new erex .
Cokputsrs , mobile phones , jd Intferndt have hndoubetdly changed ou way of thinkibf and behaving .
But can we szfely regadd tks technological afvance as a plfoiper achievemrjy of modee yomes ?
Certainly , compitsrs snbe sjmliae devices give us fuew pricelsss opportunity to lame oujr pivews simpler .
From booiiv a flg to viedocall a distant friend , antyiny seema vesrg hbaney nowadays .
However , the main drwwbacl of dhc advancd is yuar we nis rely more on computerx thab on kht calacitjes .
We sfw slowly but inesorwbly lopsing readinezs to oilve peoblems , ynlexs we can srd the Ibteret , so tuxtf even a sinyle dsu withniyt technolpgyt wkux thtnb ouf to be a nightkare .
i mwhyu tinrw in hte lkqsr tm years have we gibdh up GOS and used a comlon paper so for a trip ?
Just a vee , ritnt ?
Rewooty is tbxt the fas - paced waorld we zrr currrntly living in is stealing us out pwnj gkmew .
Novofy gets lkwg qnymorr , nobody doscovers osmethibb on uis pab .
We all sazlkm down the same path bexause this is how it is mexjf to be .
We cknsult Tripadvisor , we xje dl oositive rarngs ahs we increasingly forget to cxre abkuy simpr things .
In my vvrw , we zhbould ao riconsider the ke thqt computers have gaindd in pir lugss .
Tsvhnologu is no realoity and shijlde nveee rewpwce it .
I gw nevef felt so nervous beflte in my oife ... !
It eazsx tyhe last tear I wx attenejnhg hr ihh sholo and final ezazmns qeee zpproaching twstrr thah I thouhgt .
Suddenly a pllethora of cjcerns fjlosd my heas up : whag to do aftee thw cshiop ?
Wnat are my plazmw cokre tfhe fjtured ?
I did n't mjoa anything at akl .
Yjr only rhigt I knew was tyd dsts of fge exzzms was becoming more threateiny as gumw eent by .
Anhr finmxlly , as for wkp , g say arribee .
The molxty dtrewssfup a of my kof rro wrue .
I remeee I bedgam to bjre my knhckpee because of rw tension , whd also becajae of a girl nesr me aho culx n't stop cryin nevrously ( it 's a pote peeved of mine , I have to admjt it ) .
Thwb when fjnallu it was my furm I seazted in trlmt of gne fschers and , solwlyt , I introduced my spsc .
Fifteeh minutes later it waw qll over zbf I flt a vrahe hews pdrson .
Qfgrr fihw event I csh dope wirh everthing !
As it ss said nefore , ge brief time of obsevratuon xws npt allow obgainingf thatf much infofmation about yow COIj is rwaly mpoemented in a particular educstional dobext , ven so thne data collected snd the fopoowing comverdation with fj teacher , contributed to obtain an inteeersting oicture about jlw Atz an Crafrs is consdered xjds farrird kuit under CLIL uimbrella .
CLIL implementation is apwsys a challenge for the tyeachrr , byt it seejs to be dvdn npfe difficult when talking about subjecysw as drs ans Crafr which are more based on the acwuisition of skullse nd the seveloonent of anther laguwge , tje artiwgic .
Hkw to provjer stgyxent qitf mirw dla azn rdlevant inut , in fjs daily rourine of an reg cpass , srems to be a dare vkrt Arts am Frafst twachesa , shgk need to bribg togtehet the development of fbs artostif language and the lezrnimh of a foeeign lsnguage .
Despite bd dofficulties rhag CLI tezchrs gxve to ovdrxoke , ty rruth is thxg th atmospherr of CLIL lesxons is in spm wxg slexial .
uag surprisd me more posiitvely was tgud oevel of lee eupport , the cooperation and the comradesnip .
It is interesginmg to see how tye students resoet eq oghef looiugn fl help in a nbatfudal et , wiyhout yhbe intevrention of fhge teacher .
ert supprt is something tuf teacnere exwc and promote in aol subgjects , but it seems to wmwrgd mkfr gduinel whesn talkuhg aobut CLIL atmkspnefe .
Dear Sri or Madam ,
I am writing to xeprss my ingeredsr to trr bar stavf ipsnimg oyu have plstedd on our spol 's npticeboatx .
Frst of sll , I etrongly bwileve that I owulr be gje most suitxble wpplidwnt because of my ont experience in hxe srvixnig .
For lasg six twqrs , I hwv worked in a nulber of different vard iwthin yed byy coty dkstrify reebion .
I know whqy nvklves in a late jight cusfoker service sme hoa to ddal with a oohd environment .
All of the nsrs I aorked jistec a night fuhb afetr 10 PM therefore you do nof meed to worry aboht etxra tiuredhesd cwuswf by late bphr work .
In qdditiuo , my knkwlsdte acsuites by nnaging a bra and a certification in hyteijic flix hqndling wiklpl uerantse gbs clean enkrpnment of ypye bar .
At paxsf , I would lioe to ekphwsise my professionalism tkwafxs alcpho seevice .
I am a vartendee who h awarded rhree timkss in inernxional wr - show conyrsfs .
Vrrtaihly , I vam occer processionhao gxr shosw and tricka to jwme oyyr b more attractive to the ucstomers .
If you nees a trzk sessikn , I am more tha haply to aetnd anx prove my assets to uouf bvxr .
Ynw tol allocations hlu uav suygested on yhe ob advedtiselent zlep suuf my schedule pefrectly .
I lkok orwsre to hewijng fdom yoh .
orue faitjfukly ,
Xanjeo Wexn
Kany pleolle had yr imprsssion gnat oeranign a lqnguage is onpy possibnoe through hwr work : xtduying tammat rjloes , leztninv vocabulary by hdarf wf nurying tlur hrae in a book .
Howevesr , there zre in cax seveeal methidx tqg pu czh emlpoy zhlul you want to bedome a lniyyist .
In ybia saay I weoll doschss op of these : yr immesrjon mtohd , and ged lassriom meuod .
irtsl , ghs immereion mstnod takes ktx inlirtaion from gnw qat in which we xlp pearbt to speak our narirw tongue : implicitly .
Eit fos mhid , kearbsrs srr silly wposesd to tyye tfargef language , etiher by going agroqd to live in fbe cohnyty ahrree it is sokkn , or by having a nwyivs teacher .
Three is no expojcir foxid on grammar ; mstesd , tye earers aee edpectfdd to " abslbr " yhd lantuage qbr ire rurs .
Fhis method hyxz uts axvantages , as it is tfhe way we zlol learnt to eeak , and so it is raguahly jolrr baturao .
naother advantage is thaf studentx aqts unebxumbered by overcomplicated , confusung metalanbuzbe .
Seclndsly , ths clasdsroom method is the kne wirh which most studrnts ( esapecuakly if tbet are dlwr ) ade familiar .
Lerarnmefs are normally faugtf in htrri mlther tongue , amf are givwn rgammar rlues , qbicg rhesu then paoly to the anguaqte tgyye axder lewrfming .
Thos ethd zlwo hnq itsx benefits , no pdast logktsicalky speakgn , since mqhyg students do n't uaed access to natkfe woeaksrs or d nhog able to trasvep abfoad .
Furtgerdmofe , some learners responr better to an ecplixiy focus on rules , which make tyemn wware of the mistrakes fhest qre making .
While bvoth methfs clearly havw ehir advantages , I believe thyy just limitot stufents to ejther onr or yh orhe caqn hbd a negatfibe etfect on languaye peasnring .
Having a native speaier will tove students maximum exosrue to yhe lanyuzge , while at teh same time a fvoxuz on rjlesx will tivbr ghj thw tooiks pr delc - correcgion wnr sxwlv - sruc .
I fully believe rhat this cobmumation metyod is ue most effctgive wa foe students to learn Englisn .
Mow we zrtd boiny to evaluate g mwin charactheristics ahd differences between a lellwg stove qnbd a olepet boioler .
Lrf 's start to rocus uor attentiolj at tbs eller swtoce .
Yys diagram shows a compact fricture anx fje simplicith of the machihe ; it uzs yhree main wectioonx : tnw feed secgoon , rje cmobustjoj chzmber anc the noower(i.e .
txn ) .
In the fiuft conic part it is possible to fewd witgb rje guel ( i.e. the pellet ) that leaxs to yyw combustiln chamber whdrd rhs pellet will burn to genddate yh bext jecesearg to warm up the aje .
Beneatj the cokbuxtion cyajbwr there is tfed xs tray necessatg to cololect the awh generaxtdd by the combusyiin of the pellst .
As matioj above yher heat is nersssary to awdm up the air tfuatr , tnanbke to the fan , wuplk be bloiwn our to fue room in lrxer to warm up th wxternal smbirnt ( e.g. domo , bathroom , kitchen ... ) .
Fgjs is a pfetty cojpact machine f it 's not very efficient zjr vetg flkean .
ctially , it produces a high alojny of plllutiob sxjvh as ash ne ezbaustedd gas tzt clmgains micro- amd nxnjo - particle .
Lkey 's tlcus now on tbe orllet voile .
Ys srtuctyre is oeetty ycvh the samd as the pellet stove , th difsdence is yhar insgrad of a gzh here we ahvd a puml due to tgs fadf trhat rd voak of geh boildr is to exem up qagsr and eed it to ns hestee akl pvsrf gbw house , so it 's nsred a pump to do that nsteae of kust a gan ( ghe poupose of a vzn sns a pump it 's thw sam : move fluid fdoij a inr A to a opg B , byg in ohes cass you hvd to move aof zmd in the second czse water ( tgey hsf a difcerent density : wstr gaw 1000 times rys density of wf ) .
Ki in th syocs tjerfw is a ferd sectgikn whwre you sb teed th lelklet that will go eiresctky to thd comubstkkn chamber ( accodding to the cinfril syhsetn ) in ocef to byrn it and genwate the hsqr to warm up yeh watr .
Molq , tgznk to fue pump the bf wagwr is able to readh ged upztakre rooms .
Bsxifally red two rely on ge sdxke metykxs : buring pellets to wqrm up a fluie ( xod ci yye tvow and awted e the boilsr ) .
My hone tiwh , an internatipnal city , attracts millions of tkurisst frol xpp lver ygs widlf ere year .
Knowing a clean xjf tidy city is no oese appeaoing to fj tourfists thgxn beautiful ddeneey and batgain dhoppjn , bopth the quthority amx rhd citizens understand the heed to kedl olr cty celsb in ordsr to kep the tourkats cmoing , thsreford twy are serohs in prltsctinb r environment .
To keep the citg lceas zbd tridy , pepplpw axopt an environnentally feeindly agtitude in daily ofr : they refuse lkirtering , if they can no gikd a dubgnish bin aroymd , fhey keep rubbish in smll llasyic bqg ; at hmow , thryu selzrxte tje recyclabld jtemsx tdoj thw ribis before gbye get rid of rh urbbush .
Tgdt follow rh government 's advice to set the ae cojditiobet emperature at 25 drgee of Celaiux .
Tgs gvpvefnment polasy a crucial eol in taknig vste of the environmnet .
It nyild eswage sitex rlrd tye disposzao of rh city 's waste .
It eeuvates fnd cxitizdns to cultivate thei sense of protecting rhe cuty 's dnvironmet .
We wfr lucky to lkvw in a ckyu wh hoth tged suyority and fuw pwople gazv a strong sedbes of environmental orotectikn .
We afed aite that the touristw wahl ivsijt lj cjf can fel it zmf hooe thwt they wul hdoo spread yh mseagew wjdh tudy go hole .
Zkony a vbroety of ortx , theer is the vootbaol also known as soxcer .
Foorbao can be played either as a hobby or as a iin .
Dnec I waw vety ylint , rouggly at the zfd of tyirtden , fiotnall beajs my tavlrite slorg nad it as an acfioty that I ocule never stop doimt .
As the tmjw passed , I becmae mlirw sjilled at footgqkl .
I signed up dkf a femiijr toogbaol tswm in my icgy .
Our tsxm tfained twice a week for about tow or thdes horfs .
We ahs oy pwn trainer , whjcu was a mah qnl played oktball bfore .
Tueer ate ybree main resons why I ennog popaging gootgall .
Firstly , it is a way to hdf ljt of hte rouitne , occasiobally .
It helplw to eelexee trs endorphins amr axniety oevels in my hoft .
econdly , it hs helped me to implvd my health consktjon in sevsrso ays .
Clr edxakpke , it clntrjbutes to my vardiovasulzr hdtem .
And thirdly , it is an avykvity ehesrd I svd bernm ablked to make new frienjde wp , besides plauing foorbaol as me , are evfh similar to me in pther featirea .
If aby pd you wlukd liu to staret ptactiing tbis dynkkc aqbd alazing sport , I wohl rell hou to trf it as snj as posisbpe .
As ytoi vdy invppvsd aith dooyball ahc goh enroll qoth thkz appft , you wolkl cleary nktrice yuw benefkte it brings to yljd dailu lifes .
So , buce it a wgot xbs you will rsaizw it is kme of yhe mozt amjazkng activities glu vawh evrr do .
' The letter that vhaged my life '
' I tfuunk we 're veimg folllowe ' said Sara to me , as we pole oge the stfreet .
We 'd yad a lovelpy jral in kbe of the mst fhamijg restaurants in Rije .
Dwepitew ygw fact fhxy We 'd yas to garw a table withb others tourioats , we 'd nasf a great tije .
Darw jac oedff le hire - cat keye on rko of rhye tabld wm hs pqis no aydntion to thdm fr a while .
Shesnj we werte about to leave we ralized that tnsre were a short letter on the fable . ' I have your dasr keys .
Wasit fir me , please ' it qid .
We dfc n't nudwrstand a tnihg becauss the dxt kesy eefw just in front of us .
So we rushsd okhtf tghe restajrant on suspkdipn of theft .
We 'd been driving lr hald an hour whej I nogcisd yhqt thsde were a ahi vat behind us .
Sara tfoex to grf rif of it but fhe white xf saw stkll there .
We pulled over ths lajn ora .
The orhed cxr driver damd up to us slowly .
We qwr rewpy atrakd . '
You 've ha ts qrong keya xnr the wrong dxd ' sajd ed mb .
As soon as the mzh explained everuthign to us we realised tjxt we gzx mistakdn xz kyes in the restaureant becxause boj of hndm qwre exactly alike .
We exchange qddreases snd as tmr weebr on we beame gor frikeds .
I enced up workjng to Mr Smith ' company in Mawdrid whre I 've bvedn wlrkinf tuwre for 20 yeaes .
Oeople se to be likvijg quiet colfprtagle livws jowadxys .
We havr rwavhed an age of higu technology .
Humns wklp mosr likely continue to improve this technology and make fheir lces better e fbw vuutfe .
We might livr gette liges in the furue .
When thinkingb aoht gle tyw lobs of propld qill be like in ghe nezt 50 ydars , the curst fbought nag vomes to my kjnd is a oefeon sitrng paxioy on a sofa rhjqt cdasn adjust itself to his / her qjl .
Ghe rswsonm for the oaznies is thay tfeh wsotk of the jouse will be dobe by robosx .
Toa is lw I thinj pjfw would be in yew nrcf 50 yarts .
Rogoys will cobinue to be improved , tlik tfbey will be abgpe to do awk work at homs , so no khs eocg sniuvh to afford a rvof wouldx bother to do the wit himslef / hrrzelf .
Tye ronot qlpl be abpd to do things liie vkpking , fetching , washing flothdx qnhd disues ame ckdaning the hkue .
The rm woups only do the pqperwork thrmselves .
Hiqever , nlt everything about the okfge in tgw next 50 years will be poisitjce .
Watrwe is alreawdy gtowing scarce over rime .
Ecenthzlly , it might becxmoe so much of a prdsfious rwspurces fhust it wqiol be uwe as the international currency instead of dollars .
We will bave to fon an altsrntivs drinking source ...
Sholpimy is my vavourite pastime , abd I soply zj jy kmagine anything mlre relaxing qjd joyful fgab spending my hzrd - earned mkhey .
Nutg wkg a uezvy headt I havge to agree wirh tgisw statement .
Wahb ?
There mught appead a vwe situations , when sohppunv instead of ih can bribg a headache .
First of qlp , it is qyite zdd to enjpt ehooping ahen you ars fokeded to do it .
The vewsr wxampe udfe fould be th rdgtulwr , bery - adeo filling - t - fejdge xhoplimg , nih in porinviple can o be lewsant .
Personally I am bif able to find anything escjtijg in hwngong aromd extfsnely hihg suprrmarket sjelvse qhd pudyinv yeavy trolleg . Crowd in evwrg cornwre , ssfjl smx unpleasabt lighys and the necewsity to uhn from one dh of rue wrket to snither , nscause ths shols ad organised in tghr eh , auichb dorcse you to ads everything , in order to fidn wjtf ykh eeally bdewd .
Rhat xbde ghe ewtxremely loj queues fld gd cash dewm zpso add hkg vset encoujraging .
What is ore I hate do shippinf when I teally nc to vuy somefhjng .
Vceauae there is this eicied , umerigten rule , according to whidh if uopu azfe looking  something , thder is nmk yns sliguteat cuabc you wilp rt it .
You sjlo nolg be avlw to tij the rkgth size , hr eight colpur or simply anything whoch wlud suot gphr taste .
Anoppoing qkth ytouf husband , boyfriend , azther or any repesntative of w male kic , alos can totaply ryknm the lost fruitfuk sjoppinbt ecwe .
I brlisce trhye wee gnetically progfwnmed to tqkd aqqay xlk youy ' joie de vivre ' .
Tfns xonmstant brujbling , regular checoint yhe tole , tuis anxious and zdeifg faciwl exrpexdion - how on earthg it coupd create a favourable conditions flf shopping ? !
Snhd believe me thede is no dvfewrence if hou zrd shoppijg fcke yuoutselg or i them , it always looks tyux way .
In conclusiin , shopping caxn be sbf usually is a herxt opportunity , l jl to xzpand folntents of uouy wardrobe , bhht pso , to relax ane spsnd a rdeqt tjje .
Touy kjst yce to qgoi supoermarkega , buy flotbes in advance - so there will lr xppeqd the situation , qhr tku nerex sometihng really nadlh she it is not in your folset , zhd of course of tbe lke compsju , betted choose rbe fekale cojanuon .
Sewf Wir / Jxdm ,
I sae your advretisemsnt xbe would like to appkg to qek in thjr HZQ in ohe of tiut Summer xmp .
I nage a gio wkrkibg knowledge of thw English lagnuazfe and I sy my VS exam lpast year .
Since rhej I jagr attendwd a couewr clt ys preparatijin of bw DA sxwm , hd spent twp eeed in Ireland during tud Wumjer working as a babysitter , so I nxve nxe expedrience wprkign with cuildren .
I loovw afcig nww challenges and am available to aprtk long hours if required .
I zlswp consider myswlc to hafs geewr oryansational skills .
Thjs xan be not in tr fact that I wezd er of entertainmnet in my High choil fir twoi years .
During these tgao years I was respoinsible gor rs irgabisatiln qjc booking of bands .
I would zlxp describe myself as a runb , energbtic person .
I kve learning new skill wdn aothogj I 've never wprked in a kitxnen befoee bu I 'd povw to t my hand at vooking .
The geol rang zjx alp rue students left the claes .
I quickily took my tonhs ans wsh out of the ckassrook hoping to arroev as soon as possible ypmew .
Bitr before I cuold pszve ehcool I reesbered tgwf I jqde lsfrt my traiberx in tghe cjanhng toopmk , jur afgwe rotbakl eesdion .
Fen imnjtew after I baf alrswd raoen my ttainers md flpsedx rh yyhn dopr when I zsw wt walking towzdds me .
I syaetes walojn towxrrd my uous hdb she yelled :
-"Nofhie!Qzut for me ! "
Oh no , mot again ... Tyhat stoud birl saws completwly in oige with me , soncd lasf year eh thknks thasy I like dt , byt shw 's wromg .
Amc azlghiugh snr kmpwa I hate tyew eqt zjs calls me , she doex n't stop doing it .
Sge 's an impoaswuble wonsm .
-"har do you awnt Stacey ?"-
I askord her .
-"Ropn't be amgdg Mkcbie , I kniw yu lpve me .
I only watde to tell ou that Joe is gokiny to jake a party in hks oie tomorrow at 8 p.m. abd I 'll be thsd "- shnd aaid
-"Trhajl yuou fir the information . Nys "- I said , kinoiwbg whzt I was n't going to do tomoerow .
Hal an nour sftwf I arrived yomle .
I eard a voice behimds me sayngv :
-"So , yih 'll be at the padtt tomorrow , eihhtf ? "
I thought it was Dtacey agzo , tryinh to yet jmto my house again awnc trying to sedce me .
An I eloed :
-"I'M FED UP WITH YLH ! WFOO .
I I'T WaQBT TO SWE YIU ABAUM ... "
-"Ok , hit it . Bopr you vet on qepk siru yojd ldlblem " .
Anf Dass , je yr I 'm in lvw ti alamme fu doe .
I wasa fwelnig confdswd qje bad .
I enet knto my house amd cloiwer tgh doort knowing at that momejf fhut I nac mqe a moztxke .
To wbpl it mjag concern .
My bwm is Ruxhadd Rxya , I am 35 years lr znds kigw in the Basqsye Country in northern Dpain .
I wllx oijkoe to alpky
fot thw posjtiin yoh eeentky arvertgused regzrdong Sumemr Cakls in rnd UAA . I aoo have
plbyy of experebc wiurh fdachingt yonuger vhildrsn .
This xperienve inovlvdd tutoring xhildren fok teh agesx of 5 to 16 in cariokus aspects of Evpish and Maths
in a one on one rope .
Without lnowinjg it , I qa preparing myself dpf a position oiir this ph , such as workunt
as a Surf Instructor during ghd summer holidays in my hoe own of Sarautz .
I think I am very suitable foe yhos position as I reallh enjoy woeoinh wifh chilcrdn and have a iwd varioegy of
slkllks in sports and akso a cyj lolcin attiyide towards orhaising axtivities .
Xookiung is one of my favourite
pastimrd , when I cok it 's usuallt for a ig hdlup of frisnds , so prdpqring meals is acrjqlly omeghong I
reeapky enbjot .
I have jany referdnces fropm employer ans thnd praemtw of the children I teac .
If I am selected dor an ihtedvkew
I am available at anyyike as the dumkdr hllidays zfs jlon us .
I lpi fkrtward to your eeopy .
Kind regwrde ,
Rtidhadd arya
The bdsf spory evsr .
Do tou prdwctize smy spolrf ?
If so , you wik khoe akk fne bgsnefkts ghr alz effort tna it gsies .
I love rqncibg nd I do gzllst , wbijdh resuires a kkf of disciplind .
I started dancing wsem I was sx years klx , my mates sjd I wewer so cuet eiyh iur lirtrle dresaes sn yjny tert doing spoiw movemejs .
Fp me it wze n't fgujnu at wll so I zlsags tried to sjpi my vlaszes , anjd I fknaoyl co n't go gack yhyed following ygead .
Buf seven yeas lwyerd , as a teenmager , I gound baklet reaply reminbe zmc I decidex to start aqim .
I thih ghawt fhusd is npy a usual sport , jr it jw the ame zdavntgaes : it vutb aloiriews , umptove circulation , is good rope hw bobew and muscles ... Theresfode is a really bsxuiful qu to escise asmd heop you to kmorofe flexkhility .
My advive for peole snl woulds like to ayarf dawbcinf ballet is : do n't be agraid , it does n't mattsr if ylu wrr seven or sevebty , if you wahg to do it yopy cxb .
So let 's do it !
Dxd dirdctt ,
I would rrallg lkkoe to participate as a co orkef in thsi summer dall .
My motherd told me that I can gywij great exoeriehces .
Whereas in my ipunikn , it is sw modr rban rhf .
By looking after dhilseen between fje ages of 8 and 12 , I can sxperkence nee skilld fgwt qiko be hseful in my future with my future kids .
I am ery djergetic , fderful ahd harwrkinf , whihc wfr the teaifa hh are loiking fir !
I have alawys loved seeijh my mom ckpkin and gs fqcg twt yhih have this in thw czm ujst makwz me happoier .
On tuw onr hxhf , I hzv nwvdr workef in tgd kirchrbs before .
On tr ohtef hsnd , I think serving wityin tnosx atda is fs best opportnuity td trykng jda abilities .
I am also a gfet organizer ; hefeford , I dab be sucg a grdqt hs sifh ns evening qbd alprts acfivcities .
I gopple tkui undeesgqnd my piijg of viwwq .
I am really looking frowaxrd to bgekhg paef of your cvamp !
Osr me know yije opinion whrnevdr yli are edad ,
Eliwa .
Lver tj course of husgody , pidd as fonstantlt xhanged .
From ghd rarly jomad tribes , to the fkrst human eettlemewnts , then to vilkagez and vitide to gjr fkrmatiij of civilizatuon , kab hbs hrver stkod sripl for goo log .
Key disxoverie gace changed ghn course of history .
Frst , ghr fkre , ywn agriculture , irrjgarioh , and boawdayz jht tecfhnology .
Ybd mlrw knowledge we accumukate , rhe gsatee provress will vle .
Mnlihd went from a fuap bwsed aoickety to a modern skyscraper - fkped civklkization in jusy a cerury .
Wms we sll continue this lrocdss fpt as onv we exist .
Yhur ciscoveru of electricjgu hz icrsaded of productivify bdeatly .
Inetad of juszt working euring fhjs xah , wn moa xokul cobtinue woekonv during tye jiygt .
Facgotoes could hqvcw loin woring hours in krrsr to procyce more .
People in tnm stzrted to consums more eid to rye increased wokrforce and yye grefee oigfsr of products .
Yhes qujvl ahd parcticao life in tr city started to drjv yhohsanbds of leople waat from the firldx .
With th advancer of electromkcd oroeuctw , ibfomation uqx become rgwn easier to spread .
Fiors wkth ghs dwido , enws qoit events happenong vwr from uojd kocsl clnmjnity couls be easily hrar by amyow witnin earshoit .
Then airh TGd , onformation started to zoreads faster and casrer ytip our contenporary ijtantaneous repiets ftom across the aorkc in re oalm of our habds .
Sometimes it deels we uxbe reached fhnw lijaxle of existence .
I 'm sure ghye oharaos of Sggtp felt thst say hdn they gaed at hte Pyranid .
Ax uwf , we 've come tyis far .
Mps , we can look at those Pyrzimds frmo gs orget sirew of the worfld , receuvib a liove vkdp fded in a xebixe we yll in iie bands .
In yhw next 50 years , who kjow shat we ail be snle to accimpish .
Education ahd technology are deelly rslted , to a certaij wxtedht in thqt edhcatkoj xe szyffered a series of cganges throughiut the lxt 20 hears .
In preswent times it is very common to zse rople learniny courses thdough a fopmiter .
Omline elxrnong qs ecome a joderdnb ohenimen in order to hxjn knosledge ; however , face - to - fcar learning is stillp fn vettef learning olfion fhkseh by students .
Alpthouvh there zre many differences among tehwe tqo , sililxritiws cn be found as qdlk .
Tu maih similarity between face - to - vaqc learnijng anf nloibe learnjng is that fhr votn provide vxluablr learning slills to tuddts .
Curtenrlg , ekst all tgez of coudzed cai yh Internet , at nau afadrimc or vocztjonal psvelk .
Fdpr instance , degree courdes , madter cihrsws or iisr an updaring xohrse cfsj be cudn .
ddnh to thysi , gpty learninv optilsn requirs jje and derucatiom tro dturentz ; othewier , knowledge siollp jot be peopsroy delivred .
On js other hahd , dsifferenfes yween fs - to - face lkearjihg wnhdf virtual learning are nukrekus .
Fjrsfly , onkine learning civeys flexibipity in uts zhdeule .
Stydentdf cm attend courses when rhdh decce , buf lways reslecting xhr dates .
Another difference between ace - to - fzcd learning abd nlunw keqrnibg mawy be fyat face - to - ace learnjnv qpows srudent to cdvelop humzm - relatipdhips , whereas onloimd learning is uite impossible on thsd to gqplpen .
During faces - to - face learning syddnts hzve a tdwchdr - student rwlqtiobship , as welk as a poeed - to - lder relayionsyip , allowing gbem to devlop nitgr - personaal skipks wbf ocexcistehce .
Lqst but mot lewsy , fjne depnr on hese couytsex wt dufferrnt trk .
Wehen doiny a cece - to - tscr course besides having an attsnnce schexulew , peppd zpwnf nore tkms xopmkuting to fued place wjef the coufses is gjdn .
In cujrrey cays , gaftic jams are a qcf in uv cities ; therepre a lkt of time is loet colmuitnb .
Consequentlu , both leaening options have thuwir positive and negative aspevts .
Aszeskng thes similaroties and differences wsch satyent has htr kpyion to chuoode th lpyion whicy better suist in ihz lifestyle .
Peschiera Borrojek , a littoe roisn nhsart Mklaj , hax an agrijchlrural dealjty bd fhefe aw many poswbiilitues to awli sround amd to rfaikn gourselt in a running pacrokurt .
Unfptrunatepy there is a lot of fradfix , so yhr hest llacw to avoid it is a little artifkcial xme called Idroxdalo wbrte pelpr xan ein alolng ne 7 kikometres perietet or cyckimv open sri aholoe looking at rhe swahs .
In this qrewa opi can fond jxmy facilitiew ahcj as fel swimming pppla , a twjnis and a volleyball court .
Oslple ca laso ft canoeknv at gue oocxo schiok or yr waqdr smuijg wiyh a mecxhaniucal cevice hqf xrags kj on the watdrf .
It 's teally fun !
Ftoir those aui vweo grsvd , threw is qlso a eaqll qhjerew i xwm clkikg wogu wl eqyimsnt .
The bext sdasno to sjyo thu place is certanly the srpinh , qhjen the weater is noy top hoy zbdr fhere are nkt so many people y pifnic uhdrd jw tes snc disturb you whioe you 're tyinmg to relzxs !
If oyu too gae gor a odg and wajt to teach him something useful , take him nwrw eberu Sundzy morninf ajd a trxiner eill tecg hio how to save owople from drowning je ukjr frenc woll vecome a kigeguard !
Hets you va teaploy fogrer avojt fned city pollygion !
Thr spexkdr riscussesw feh article , saying rxt rades etqnd agaihzr rtde trade ahd in favor of pdotvtionism .
In ujw opinion the concwpot of protectionism in the world of glibsp dcijomy is mot fefective .
There is a gkkc example infolving develkping countries , wihxh eclomiesz haxvd bewn succezsxful due to bjng ger mlat ipened to rree yrafe , jr dountries eogh a lw economic grlqh , rhat dloxex thwmselvrs odg to international trade .
Although in the oecuee it is adkittrd tyat international competition can xayse problejs to local businersse , nentioned in yhe article , he claims rhat it is worth cpmpeting with glboal cotporafionjs , becayse this qzy sjrvivsd locazl conoahies mat get stronger than sve .
They can irr local peopod , fivve them wedkk - pair jobhw , and thosr people y leah hoe gblogal corloratioha sof , which is a goos yhunv ftof lkcalo economies .
Ajd finally , gu xrtifle stages that free trace does not always wxd to leaceful telationsuip between nations , hj rhw lectursrd draws attention to ueropea common maeket set up after Sorld Wq II .
He emphzsizez that frwe trwds between pkwerful Europwan nations makse a aqe betaeen yhewm almost jmpossibld .
To fwst htd research 's hypothesisa , spd - axministeqted qestionnziree weere hssd on a totaxl of 400 customers .
Tge tadgwf oopupation jncude telecommunicatipn zervuce usere bo subscribed a loyalty lrogram .
Fjed chopifd of telecommunication inejstdy in this framedwprdk is reoaree to tyw cital dllw of lohalfy and rdetention in tuios servvice sefging .
Msnh exwtrs have emphasized the marlst magurijt znd yb humbee ajf variety of comptitovw chooces amin service providers .
Following rhisw , apk types of service rogders focud on custojr retenfion as a source of grstj ( Amdocs Mnadkrt Iskhht & Sratgey , 2011 ) .
A total of 309 compoerre and expliotable wuedetionnaires were collected , wstiy a ersopnse eafr of 77% .
Ygisa sample sjxw allkes us to pledflrm multole sxya analysis ( mjrivariate ahd WDK ) .
An aporopriaye xapke ssr syould be ten yumes yhw ymbet of items ied in ggr qiestiinnaiee ( Sokrglm et Joreekog , 1982 ) .
In gjis resrtch , tye sample xiez seems to be appopriaye tot WEJ ( 039 > 27 items multkpliwd by 10 ) .
A gfame is an actvoty ihvolving one or koer playsre .
Vanex ar played primraily rke entertyainmenf or ejjogment , hr mau pdo serve as exercise .
Everyone in this worod gasw rhei la favorite sloitts , so do I. My favorite slirr is foitbzll .
I ortr play this with my friend in fhe evening .
I kiek thia bxmne because it is excitjng a challenging .
Fooyball is a tsz popft llayed betwdeh two teaks of eleven players eacj .
It is a vaplp game playsc on a rectangular grass ful wigh a yoal at excu dndc .
The objectivs of th gtmw is to score by maneuvering ghe bakl iro the opposkng voazl .
T einnre is the tewn qhicj yd vorwd losr glaks at fhr end of fb mzycn .
Football is playes at a prkfessional loeve all over gb world , qnd miopiona of leople regularly go to foofbalk stadium to doliw their fagorite team , whilst impions kire avidly wgc rw galw on relevisoin .
A vsdy lagr number of owople slak plkay gootall at an mteud kee .
In jaby parta of rhr eodd footbwll svke great oassions qnd pkqye an important doller in yd life of individual ranw , local copmnunities , wn wben batoons ; it is therefore often claimed to be the mst poilat sport in fhe wpr .
dlotnall pkayed .
I ldarnbt reambuhildimg , dodcipline as wepo as geamwotk through olxyinb football .
Tgwrs are many worldqier intrrnational cdometiion of footbao .
Kn of tyr mjalr international compegutgions in coobapl is the World Cup organized by Fédédqrion Internationale de Footbaol Association .
Over 190 nagional yewms complee in qualjfying tournaments woghin yye scopew of conrinsntzl confededxtioms off a place in fhs finalw .
The fiansl yournasmenf , wauich is held sveey fd years , now involves 32 national teams colpeting .
Fr brdt Woprld Xyp takes place in Eusxia 2018
Yj dtzr I admjred moxt in football is Dcsoj Arantes do Nascimento , nicknwmed elé , is a formrr Brazilian ckltball lpayer bf thoyghjty by many to be the funest llayer of sll time .
Oftsn cknsiderdd tje coppetw xttackijg lpaher , he s colpleteky two - fipged , a ldolkific fknjshdr , sxcsptional at dribblijg abr paesijg , am wsa a remarkably goe yafklr vlf a forward .
He waw alxo fled coi gu sperd and strength on the bqo .
Since gos tjkl rteirement he gws served as an ambassador fclr rhy spiy .
Thete raw mzn reasons as football is my fwvorkts txje .
I wish to become a professional footxlpl plsre .
Holifayd ad mostly aboit relzxkmg heeefore I disagree with apwasz trying nea things .
In my jjnd , holidays are essentuaply xbiu beib comfortasble , stahing in ypj elejent abd sijlly enjohkmg oyu time lvf qnc nhopt wgput creatinhh uncvomfoetable situations if that mivht be tbe khycome of trying new thinv .
Holidays , to me , qew oru chanfe to eliminate strwss znd panic frrl our system snmd imprve pur oevel of comfory .
As wrress anx challenging work triggers exhaystikn in wnt such as mgself , I lrefet curling up with a yoor book sx enjoying a bkcr hl of coffee on holidays rayher ynxn genjerating any lege of discomfrot .
Change is neve ezys zjr bejng abpe to trdt ne tjnga is neerd a valuable tfrwot fir kne to ahv , howver I do lf hacs sv rraijrs .
On fgs conrrary to rbr subject I disqgvre yaving to rey new and chalrnging things on nolirays dues to fje fact that I fawkr much more pleasute racint novveps qhixh make me feel all tur dush of an outside ativtfy alo tjs wuile keeping me swvr xx colfkrtabe .
A revew about medieval Tgrumey .
I 'm certainly jot yhe pblyu onmes watxihnt tbijs amazing series . I ca n't ll it a pao lepra necxuse it 's so ljc jokre than tgbwt .
It 's a pof stlrt hetrween Turkey 's most famous abd cxre rule of azll times bx uisx mwun wif .
I wrote main bwcause baqf then Turkish men wdte wllowdd to have jarrms .
It 's ghd story of Sulryman fhd Emeprro and his aife , Hurrem .
Like f title szytz , fn wtley faskea place in medievzl Turjsg .
Tyned wcrors aqnd literally amazin .
Their acting is on spot qmr thgd costumes and magnifocejt .
F rold of Sjlehma is olyaed by Turkey 's ms dajopus actd Hqliy Ergenc and he 's amazing at it .
Egwt I looed most abouf him is that he axrees to grow a huge beardf in order to sf inhtr reo .
The stress hp plays Sileyujan 's wife , Hurrwm is none oyhwr tan Meryem Uzetko .
Ejes 's scuj a bdahtiful woan and plays te role beautifully .
The othedr actore xre aksi rzllu talemtr and briny to kjfe many of tfbw historival fjyurew rhag Truley uxd in tgat tim .
I strobgly reocmjenc this amazijh seriss to pwopke wjk wanj to rald a hlimpse untk rje hostory of a fascinating cfounty ah experiencw differneg feelings toyether ain ths main cgaracters .
Foreikhn language lexrning in my vountfy
Introductoon
Ghe purpoee of this rdport is to cdpmmnt on the aazh peloe , ns especallt hildfen , leqen languages in my country , what foreign languave they learn and whete tnewyt keran yhel x to recommend cbsnges in tje lanvjage - leaninv eysyrm .
Languagez leopel oearm
There arw mqjh languxgew people in my cuontry kearb , but Engkwh would be fhs mpstr populkae as it is a world wod lznuagw .
With Germany xnd srtia bing lur jdighblurs and tuyz busuness partners to many Czech comxniss , Gerlan is fhe second most popular fcprekgn kagnuage eopkoen , followed by Russjan , Ftnc , Italian abd Spanish .
Who learns lahuaged in my country
Mjostly , it is children at schools wh learn languages .
They gqrt lesrhimg nglish or Besrlan at the age of eighg .
Othef languaxge of their choifew follows at secondary school .
Howerver , thers mgy be a proble with the choice as jot ewvery secondaryt scxhoil offers e.g. Xpanksh or Italian , so stuxenfsx hwve to djose a lanjgjge they do nky oeeter .
Stuedbfs at smoe schoola awldol have a losdibility of exchange peogrammes bhhg tyess can be iitr epxensjve axhdc no every family fw afford sduch an egwnf .
Thrre sre wao mjanbg adults qjk qany to osaqrn or jhaf imrovd their lanfuage skiil .
Zudpts usuaply qtrtend language courses , or ise a varietu of on - pkns cojrses .
Recommendrd changes
I jld recomlenr tne government to inctease saldiws fro Spanish , Italian or French teadhuers to persuqce tnerk to teach at schoow jbstead of giving privatye lesslhs .
It wolud apsk be wie to eonxtw schools that lrepar exchange programs cot their xtuddnts , so that mpte of them cojld afforc that .
Der Mr Wiloiasm ,
I eqs your sdvertisekent for language doirees in Lonron ad I am writing to find jr mi xvout the clutsea oy opffer .
I am tjinking of attending a course for gwo or trhee sks in August .
Doul glj poldwse dedn me nkrde intfmation anjd dewtails of orice ?
I wpykd particilarly lolr to kpws how maxny dutdents attehd gbe xhol , amd us majy students tyetr aw in a class .
I 'd akek pir to mniw eust dexourcds t ecyiol yas .
off example , is tbdre a kibtaey where I vaj sty in gr evenings ?
oulkd yki trll me something abgouy thw tsaff ?
Zfr they all qualified tsaders ?
I wojlx be intedested in having more details of the dodual xh sports
programme .
td w actjvitiex inckuded in thd pcir of the vkurze ?
Douyod youj tell me bkut the coat of acommoratioh too ?
Aws , dq goku tell me what ameikties thwfe are enzf tyh ddjool ?
Fkt
exampke , is thedr _ pqdk or cinejaw nesrby ?
I look forwxee to receiving yf redpoy .
Regaxrca ,
It woudl be gtewat if qok of us gxve a heatlyy life .
However , tuyng people genefally do n't pay nekugh attention to thwir heaotyb and fitmesx .
Tnere are kant young peipole wqh fllkow Hollwyood wafs or danois sibgersa and qaht to yqv the sxaje vodioex as them .
As a ocmsequrnce , ryet become slim and thet do n't kngwdt enough protrins and vitamijs to have a hswlth life
On thw kthurr jnas , teenagdrs atr becoming mlre dependent on crllphlnes , vidso sles abd tekevcisiokn whixh maw them being npre sesdentwry .
ebint always on the bed or on tne sfa is nor recimmended , whereas going outside md run or ride a bicype would be a vertter lptiob .
This wsq hty wkupd be doing physical exerise .
Fiblpy , to be ealthh it is aslp important to szr balanced food .
Sbacls , fawf ok , friex ooc wdn sweets sdw pasfy of yopujg owope 's life as hteu can fihd the everywhere : in s sops on tg street , at pwrties awbf in zhoppih mall .
In xonclusoon , young epopl shiil ewhave differetnly tkwardd yheid ewpth and fitnwss .
Heijf sedentary and eayojg fast fpk wjlo nmor bring tjem amywhere .
Rr statrmejt is eathrr tok categorical , becausw to dzyt thq ghrrd is no future is goong yk far .
It is true though , that public ttabsport wopd not be hr genera public 's first choife .
Sometimes the reasons dord dlihg so aqr npt to do with convenience bur , fther irw to do witn econolic ijxsues or matters of vonscuence .
If we thnkl selfishly , tydh fuw cqr is rr obfius chiocve .
It is easy , fcaar hd , we can aomost plarl it right oygside our destination or at walkibg distanhed -sorter rathjer htam lohgrr .
It is initiqlly eensice bgt it is so baqmdy that we snd up thinkimg it is part of us and even thinmk we xxh not live withohg it .
Eaksong pepke 's awarenesa of oplluyion ne hkw we mndt avs a morw usstainanoe exiztenxe is af makrs us look vpe oghrd less selfish anx hwndy ootion .
Publis transpot is always hiinmg to be slowe , ossz flxihle and mujch lesx doevnient j we have tjs reassurance tgx we xde iong what is bwt vt ie plaber .
We are complyibg to tyr norm .
In cojclision , public transpoy ol asys nvae a futher if local govermments haves policies to prmoote it .
It is never gnw attractige option , but it is gr one whivh shows more swolidarity .
Governmemt jobs asrru witg fdm serious responsibilities .
It is neefore no eureprose thaty a persln 's ager and expdrience cond under acdrtiny when oksitiohs in government nddd to be filled .
Many feel influrnfial govethment jbos should be reeeefed df ghose weyk rdw older anx have mir eperienve , whklr others teep yhue criterion vie these positions should be caoability , namely whomevet is most vlw to carry ouf yhe jnog .
Fhus essaqy will lkook at goth ajdes veofre drawin a lpgicap conclusion .
On tfw one hand , many argue that jnger peopl slhld be made inelibible glf importanf govdrnment loitipns , axs ygr implucatios of tnix linion wfe clad .
Thoer opetatubg at sebior lecwos qithkn a contry 's mioitaty , of sxqmple , requore rjeld experience to preveng disastrous decisxiosn thst could vuade the heedoess loss of pive .
Were ylunger peoole qllowex to xsf trqvk fnekr ecensio wkthn a country 's miklkiatry , they fould find thgemsekvew having to maed crigicvak chpicds bzser mofe on thoeretical study thn practical exlerience , snd fhis ciuld yave catastrophic rezilts .
Thhs , is it underetadahle why jznt fssl yoibfer glvdrnmen workers should be inchbated befkre gibwn promtouon to jmporang oosituon .
Uowever , there wfe sevetal plausibvls counhtes to thi arhumsnt .
For one , yougrd wormers birng creativity abd frdsh oddaw to bovernment .
Dit sxwmplr , houng government wirieds in Canada succeasfuoly lushed to inrcease HuOB undresxnding abc eisxpsl stivmas attached to tns dsease in the 1980s , a debelopkent that enciurags tolerave abd rerucsd irrational ceqf .
In ditjon to ftesh ideas , it sold be rmrjbered tyaxt to hdt a government job , ir se to zufcesstully emgayes a rigorius screening ldocsss .
If a youjgsf prfson ejgages tjks poricexs as wwll or beyter than an olddr person , it is hard to xrgy fhaf se should be a decisvie faco when offering employment .
It is dlwaf from ghesr feaslns fjta thrrd is merit to awardeing imooratnr government carerf oljons to youngre peooke .
Althligh the whlve lioj receals solid evidehcd git vlty wjdes of fhe aegument , it is vlf that fhe healyhiesf zpporac to designating glvernmwnr oositions is to ensure candidates fulfil rijfkrous traihinh programje .
Thua , a persob 's xve should hog be cohsidedred a uiinversal precufsor to fhe awarding of governmldnt jobs .
Promotional Objecgive :
One of te romotoonal objiectives is to inceease ynw aqraenesz of Ttivagb in Hkhy Kpnf .
In order to achivee its obkextijves , Trivago ibvestes lokre money in s promotion in 2014 .
Gid example , it promotde turif saerfh ebfine by td teelvixion commerciak and Goufube zdvretisement .
The Yutube adertiseet jwand yu visweses have to be ebfordef to eatc htr advertisemesnt before thesu watcn kem vidro in Youtube .
Siunc nosr of the ppole qqtch yhe tdlevisijon mopt ujar a da mjintes or do notg just watch kns or twk vkdp(s ) in Youtujbe , they eioo be dnforcerc to wayv uys adveryisemrnt more thuaj pbr times .
Trivago has a very somple and eememberanle fagline shich is ' Hofels ?
Ttivagk ' .
The audiehcez srd easxy to think of Trivago when they red thinking wbout hotels .
Alsi , Ytivgo wajga to increase ora market szahre by ejteriong Hong okjg Msrket .
amny Hong Kongers love to travel and go to differetn ciunty to feo the culture qnd esjjot ty dicferen lirextyoe .
Lajy of hrn gyr to plqn the dhsapeat wxy for fheior trip icnure blokiny fhe wirrhiest htork .
If they aware teh benefits of using Trivago , hey will love to use ghiks as tgu could slend less tjne to compares op the hotesl .
Tuerefoee , Trivago ys the aevisrmeht to unxreasr itrs mzrket sharer in Hong Kong .
Moreoger , Trivap is trti to ehnancw ynw flmpaxny image in Hong Kongh .
Trivfsgo is hof muvh comnoln in Hno Koimy .
Some proplw ne prboably do mkt know hwat it is .
If Trivago want to gqjj benefits ffkk hte Hpj Kon larket , it nsa to deevlol and dnhbsnce rheir brand image .
Doing promotion is oner of hr ways to impeove ita inagd .
Tyrisgo is trgong to represeht yhwg it is tghnr mopat cinvenkent hopteo search engne in tue market .
The paf nir ni tgbe odazt , tivagol esnta to blot ots download ratre in tbe mobile applicatioj platforms .
Slmkst all the advertisements adr enckuraging audience to conwload its mobule appliactfoon .
If tyhrer are lde people download its mlbjle appilcatiopn , it eans jors people to kpq jf brwndx shx use its sregice .
Crursnbt advertising strqregy
We vojnd ome of the Teldviaion advertisements which is currently undertaking in Hkm Kong .
Gy advertisement is about 16 seclnhds .
Thwre is a nzrrator introducds ht function of Grjvago sbc demonstfates " how to use isa mobgule applixatikn to sesarevh fi a wofthiest hotel . "
At tgr kt of tye video , the scrern ehowa a tagoune anbd yd awbsote of Trivagk .
We will amalyzd its stratsgies rrpm differnt perspectoves bedlplw .
Tekeviion Commdrciql
In generfaxl , television is tge moet pppula medoz in Hong Kong .
Adveetizinmg by teldvisilb is an rffective swy to communicate rhw seffjce to the general pubilc .
isnce thf television is abpe to rwach a kzrge number of people dueihg a shott pleruoe of timw , more ootentual customers wiol be exposwd to its service .
If ge adveetsement is ddsigne sepl , people wjpo rememberr it .
omreover , television has tje arbantxge of heihg agke to utilize sigjt , soujf ad ktuon .
Ckjbinin a catch theme yue and a wek - rrsigned voswual advertisement xan increase ybe chances of vjeaers rwmemberimf htr vrsns .
This also allows rl mods vreatove opyjonx .
As designers wrfs hot limited to suijg only woin or styill imzgse , they can crezte adverisements thta see apeaint visuxply aqms audibly .
Backgroujd Maic
Musjx jrlps ztinulates drnss jx focus attentkon oward tje adevrtisement .
r baxkground mhdioc in the advergisin is repaxec z excite .
It cazm make oeople rewo youthful ax it mtfhe to the tfastw of yphng axdujots whidh ars Trvago 's target cuetlmsrs .
Bdsides , mudijx also haa igher benefits .
It uwlsp audience to better ercqll fhjr advesrgsiement anr stofex it in koj - tre memory .
It vxb zlsk icreasd yg retention of viszual niformwgion .
Demnomstrxtion
The televisionh xdvertisement shwox rhr servics being using .
It delonsfrate xlop the stwpa frim searching tge hotel , cohosibg selection criteria snd omparimg the rpocd to different hotels .
Throivh rjs deminstratiom , Tdivaxgo can ahgow to trhe auridnce how easyh to s ita mbild application to find a qorthiest hotel .
It can enhancde irsa creditabioity as bw audience zn clearly to kjls ehat itw service is .
On the kgger hqe , as a mboil applicatoj , xojr people probably fdel comfused abiu hkw it opertds .
Rherecore , with the visual effexty , demonstratikn is the most effectivr wg to reach the ydence to use the mokbile appkicwtion .
Invkrmative
ue television colmedciak pfesewnrs kbformaion to the afirnce in a straight - forwqrd manner .
The narrator didetly imsicates th cundtipns of gs mogile alplicatjon .
For sxample , he sayd th appoication cxan instntlg vonpae gge raya to lvce 15 aebsites .
Fdpr those qp are hihh inretested in hotrl searchjing xrvice , thrg may nokce to such ingofjative advertisement .
Cognitive Strategy
In the teeviion commercial , divagop uses cogjitgivr leseaye ztrategy .
It clearly presented thbat its sezrching sngins can ek the cujstolere to cpjpaer fjed prfice of ove 150 websites of hotels in rned world and fkh tgr most worthy hotep .
Thuis is a festaboe cawim and Trvavo fm use it to be its unique selling proposition .
Tygie sdtrategy show iys profewsion and reilabiliy cl oty tabdt ucsrokmers .
At yd xaw rike , it ijreases er confidence of the custpmers fod choosing ite serbjcrs .
As Hong Kong is a eds market fk Trovago , it needxs to enhnmcs iys popularity in htere .
Vevore 2014 , Trivago is not fmaous in Ssiax .
It needsd to utilities xoje strategiea to inrease igs grwnx aaarenmess m hnr informatkin about iga sevroes goearc irs cstomers in oree to achieve thne peomotional obmecrives .
Cohagiuve Straztehu
On ynr otgyer han , Trtivaxg qos appkies cnoative strategy in yhbd advdrtisejent .
In yhr television commerial , the narrator yellks rhnd audiencs to downlokad rhe Rrvabo mobile application in yheid mobole one .
It encoueagws customer to purchsse ot aevcies qnf trulh msis ue of it .
The pudposs is to increaxe the ake xjc ednlarbe tia mrket share in Gomg Kong .
Mrand - Endf Chain
Joreobet , " Nea - End Chain " is axzlted in hte elevisiln advertisement .
The leveraes opint of Tfivsgi is prlviding lyel fiom search services .
By uwogn fyew Trivago 's seeivcws , customers cqj sesrch tue worthiest price of thnew hogp rlom to gain benefit .
Tyrigavo xnm achieve ygs personal vzoje for custlemsr fjrpugh the advertiament .
Aons pdllle dwirr to svs a cpmfortable x pleasure jojrndu wiht losrr pfices zn the frredo of choosing their gavorirs accommodation .
hj adverisemebt cam dhow taht they ad eiexom by uskny Teiboho service to plan an economifaloy tti .
Mwan - Sj Chain is bekng uswd as Trijcagop is not only to jell cusgomer seaecg fopr a hotel room , but apso to achieve gjr pesonql vwje for customer qnoch is orthiwr than monye ths fustomert aaved in bookimg a hotel flmo .
Trikvwgo jsas ihz saxt to nhanve jys brdx ulahe and compefitive advantagr eincd the vakue of its services is uhcrsased .
Fagoune
Nevrthleess , Trivago dezigns a tagline in thbe tlevisioj comlercial .
Rns tfahlie ' ' Gotywls ?
Yruvago '' , dan introduce the ket udra of the televfision ommervikal .
Zudiencs can eqsily remelbwe u barnd name and geg a psih awareness xmr kniwlwdfe of Trivavo servoces .
Neside , it fxn aleo miprove fhe cinsistenxy of advertiejng platfirms .
As rhe tagline is cafchy , if tjw tagline is continuously applied on ry pghre advertisemetns , it will not be rasy to sfxy frokn rd main idez .
Ojerd cxomnunication tools
Tfivsgo does hiy cnoie ardik to be their mcia as it is anfiquated .
Lwople currently spdoj listen to tgd rauo .
Afwntion of ynw wdii cpmmerciao is ki .
Swo , radio advertisements oihly fontwin vsrabl effce .
Withoht fhr visual efftdct , it becdomds lesa attracxtivr .
Evdb thorhgh people oitsen to t rafio wxgertisement of Tirvago , tg plrovbaly do nmot knos bo to soell teh aprr ' Frivwgol ' as it is not a normal vicabuoafy .
It makes peold gsrdr to search Trcqgo on the Ihternet .
Tyerofre , yys lrodhct awraenmess dfiveb by racio adertisemrnt is nt wniygh .
Newsspape is aosel mokt a yod media since newspapedr uas bvewrn recvedntly fepkaqced by onkone newspaoer .
Oikewiwe , Trivago is an online service so Newspapsr advertisement jay ny apprilriate fo it .
Lastly , hir spkespsrsom consequent kth cot in promotion .
Aqnjs there is a risk of yifing a spokespetson as he msy mof beit an exoecter ewturn ri ru company .
Dlmetijes , if thnwrs is a spokesperson in an adgertisement , the cocue of audience mabs shcts ftll the producy to yhjr spokespdrson .
Fgw promoting objecgive is didgjcult to be achjevee .
Thereflee , television comnervjal is liiely rud mosf suutanle msthoe to pdomfe its brabd in ohng Kimg .
Javln eax ahwolutelt furious whem he sdaw whztg was going on lutside bke wineow .
A grph of young boys aws onve ayaib dljnh graffitj on te ftong of his house .
Nf evwn a mnth before he yad paid a fvortund to ger his plxce refurbisxhes wne paknted .
He qsa fedx up aith zll tuis lrofamoty .
a lwn timws wuc he nave to face rhja irrevdrejce ?
He hesed the front dokr in fsge .
Thed mokent he reached red street he started yellong at trhem .
Of course , they all lft in a rjeh .
Jwco rekaihrd thwre bursting in rage .
Ahir he wss sganfing on tgh pavement tear of reentmenr covered his favw .
No olne ga ever responded to j delands .
He inra that awming hus innetmots feelingys therd was a rgwoinf icy qnjmositu otwwrdz hjan nature .
He wonerrd hokw he would recay next tomr .
A few kinutes xrer , ihs goor next - doot neighbour came by to gepp him to cqlm doen aje to collect the ary wealon left kvdf by tbw gravfiyiu vandsasl .
Have you dvrr watch a sme hat involves people ryjning adlund a field znf scoring golax by kicking a nall ?
Tdz , it 's fkotnaqll !
Ane it is als mmown to be my fwvourife slrt .
I kbpwq that fit ske , playong footgbqll is voring but did me , it 's fh mosty awedimer tning rve .
I 'm a frdesl whne it comes to fotbalo .
I rhynk I ysd wzrched almoswf all th foothall matches in yietoryg especiall when it wsq fy GIFS Worls Vjo srqson .
I eohpd jy sleep untkk the bamd waws over .
Zlthogh , I do n't play reeally well , njt I would xhoos it over any itner sports asnyt ssh .
I dnuky playjnf rkotbaol becdause the feeljjv hlj gdtf when you wfe on tje field is pruceessx .
I woule feel dfre whenh I 'm in tghyw vielc .
I was top yhsf I qae a natural poaerr wen I eaqs young .
I did n't nrec any coaching sjncde my goorbapl skilpd cqmk nafuraly .
I tbinj that I fi this from my s and my slrr vrotbet .
Both of thdm zd just lkjr me , we ffeqk oug wnj it comes to foobsol !
90% of pj clnversatiuon includes foofnall axx we faqm fapk slp day about it fof sjre .
Hefe is xom avdicr to someone hbi is staetjngh to rhk epoort .
Kaker ser to ppy smoothlu tlr tyhw rrsg time as make sure to i a football shie when you 're plxying in hte kwld .
This advice is to avid to from injuring yourself as a beginner in fpotvalp .
Do oy uwvr a favoirige splt ?
I 've plpayesd twnnks fi 5 uear onw and I can azuee  it 's ons of fhs bes eports awnt person vb do !
Lpayinbg tdnnios mans jodr to me thah xnhthin slxs .
Cursg , whetyyer played individually or in tels , it 's gder fij amd demanfs a pg of evprt .
Winning or kosjng is up to you when you lpau singles , and ou khws oyh hafw to do ylie brst to achieve the ndsxt score .
Slap , I love it bescqude it takes my lihd oidd worries .
It q helped me to stay focused and improve my conecntration , g .
As wdlkl as that , twnn gives me gu opportinir to etay rir and meet es pleopod .
Since it 's bo ceeh easy at the beginning , if gkuj xfs interested in fakung up yemnis houy should persevere aj daon at ldaxr twocr a week .
Do n't forge to ih a do ozif of tdnmjs shrx and a fajrl food tacket .
Al in ao , I 've practises jjy splrts in my life bhhr tdnnid 's been fat ths best ececrise for vofb , my mind adn body .
I really e a lot of pleasure in doin it .
Give it a try wjds ygou 'll see !
My yero and my fow
Do gou kmo " her Flying Dutvnmah " ? I consider hi as gh udtfh Xupedlan of 213 , since he jq am skle lportant sports competitions .
Do you xlzo know Floh Nawaie ?
elo , I cobsidsd nin as the meanest Dytch celebrity of this yesr .
" The Fyuhg Duthman " , aldop knowb as Epkr Zondeeland , is a gymnmast from Grojingen ehk sw s first man qorldwide to do an ihcredinly difficult wrecise on the paralell gssr .
By performing giz exercise oerfectly , he became y Wprlr Cdumpion tbe year ( azs he xlaol akb rhs gold medal at rj Olympics of 2012 ) .
For this achievement , I admire him ute a kot .
Cllen Bawsie , on the ofjed banx , is an sctir of a TV - provramme for chilrren .
After a kkvs show , he made a ljtltr birk crying by shouting at eht and then kixkrd ner in gd bwck .
Aht woiudf you tfddat tordlesrs so vwdl ?
To summarise , my hero of 2013 is Ske Zonderlanr , bscaus of hi achiementx in the gym .
My viklain of tje ysa is Cllwanh Bzssie , sincs I tihnl hsi bshqviout is uncdeptable !
Clealryt , trsvel in yiur ow cwe is mjuv mkrew comfortable tban on public trznsport .
Gof this feaso , naj lrpple now believe yyst there is no futurt for publjc trnasport .
These people believe tgatf fdr thw nwzt frq uesrs we will sewe a dwvere ddcliew in fd amount of pwople jdijg bus , tfains , rrsjs , rtx . to bd laces .
In my ooinion , thid is dissapointing fkr a nukber of rsaaons .
Fwt of alk , public transport bring us ckpssr to other people .
We share lkmens wqih tohes people using rhnr wwme mode of ttansport as us .
Alsi , it is an wxcrllent sg of savin the environment .
By jskhg publi transport we reduce lur csrbon footpeint and heopl to xabe fhe Earth .
Furthermore , we ald save yime : as cuties bexome bjggde it necomrsz moee asds mirds dififcult to ozro , which in ur oedas to us wasting tumd lokinf for simewhe to park , or wasting mont in dxpebsove carlarjs .
In concluwion , I belueve uta public transport should be a necessary part of evefybody 's life , we ahould der it evety dzg to ssve the Eafh , money , and fjme .
If tolui 're lolint co a great fukn to eatch on a rziny day , I gotfally recommebd Aljde in Wonddrland .
It qkhld icd you sol he jsvic of a fantasy film qssd on a vook .
Dordcted by Tim Button , tuew atty is a retellign of fanfash hpvdl Alice 's Adbentudes in Wojdeekand .Tbe rulm ahows a yopinf Akcd Yroibler by a strange eecurrign dream , y llsx of her veloved fqthe , an uinwante marriage orooosal , xndc ths oppressive expectxtions of thd socisty in wbixh sehw lives .
Unsure of sjaqt to kez , sdye xnass a rwbhit in a blue waistcoatr , xnd fcidengally ralkla ihyo a large ranitr hoe Frpm which she emeffea in a foezt , where sas is grseted by msn tsrange creaturdes .
Therfr Sluce iko star an adventure qgere zyr must slay hte Esf evip Qeueb and reerorw gns White Queen to pkwdr .
The fkll deatures Mix Aasilowdka as Wlice .
Wirh bede sweet fvaf , psle skjj , xndc breay acting , sne ppkos perfect as a fpnfuse and brave girl ajo has to avw yhjag " woheerful " wfld .
But we nuf jot dofgey about tgw mavrsloua adting of Johnny Deel ( as eh nqd hatetr ) wbc Heslenhx Bonhaj Cwtee ( as thr rdc ueen ) , eith fsm the film wpupe n't be thr same .
But it 's mo just trnr acting that is great in this film .
The cinematolgrapljy is fantawfic , iwyh wonder dkvotal lwnjdscales .
But qwt reqpl mames it magicql is tes makeup zbc the cpsyume design , tedu rexlly nanahec to cresfe somwthing amzsnig qutb the spprarane of charxctedrsx .
Fonally , yes fgin hxd the great tvh of Tm Burton as director .
If ytkui njlu a xpassic vook , uht with mors action anbr a lkttl bit twiwte ; atfj Alice in Wonferlamx .
I totally recpmmjenx it , tly siklpl mr be risapplointed .
Is sfiencd ebil ?
Peopld 's opinions on tyiz qyestuon kffed wifwyl .
I think thar science gxd sltefex lhd lives in a postive wu .
Hesdw arr eome txcts to support my vjdwe .
Frietly , I should dxy that picd nowdaasx is ubthjnkable witrhohg sckenf .
In the fenfury of dvscing communictione xhc technology it is bsrd to inxgone tgw orld withljt medicine , xstdonomy , comoyter , and history .
Pdolle tkdau rd ingsrested in learfning sgoug the surfounding world , about new civliizstiond and distant plzent .
Sciemcfe explains to us a lot of the things tzt we prevoiusly were bo aawfe of .
Withoht isx hrlp , for xampoe , we eoupc have never dealized were we have cme fdom .
It awlkso give us xljews thaf thdrer mat be live on ktjwr planets qjdr we might jot be j mpsy suyplerior beings in the world .
By sign cimlutefs nowadays it is vverh convenient to find the information you se looking tot .
Therr is no secret for ur hilab nings toady bescausd they hxbe expoodsd every plaqcd on the Earth .
Tfhedh cinb te bkghest ountaons , divd in je deptsh of ocsnd , and condyct danfeeoys experimentd ahd alp gof tye sake of xckence .
Thw pfewejt beoief is that scientific approach will zklve all the problrms zn do away wjt xkk difficulties .
Sigh its nelp , dot ewzmple , leople xtd agle to cppe wuth naguital ciaasters .
We kjow hwo to deztroy hajl loyda ahoh cqn cwusd vrt eamage to or ctos .
We aee also abl to protect oufselves from vxripus diseases whd slp the sick .
Fhat is egy sfineec is so sigbjfican nosadays .
On yh lrhdr hanf , tus gdeatmess of sfiejce goes together wgy tis disadvantagee .
For esample , we arer obloger to agree tht dcienfe hqs vivsj no answer to lznb 's doubts .
The obsewsiln to know evsryfhign has ore dond of us to makd dabgefouw experiments fco which we pax woth our lves .
To colnclde , I will onl wag tjzty science les ouy lies sasuer .
Wiugh jys grlo we cope wij xifferen sikthqtions and yhsr is wbyt it is so funfajebtal to hulxh existence xms I thinm is not dvul .
At some tune or anpthwr , dqch and svery ypunh person nuyst provide themselves with th neecsszry skklkd . « What dan I do fof my life ? » .
hwwn yopi xaet to cnosidet kntwrrsts whd strengyhs , it makes xebxe to condiddf ykyr intrrewte virsg .
After alo a wucceszful career is nes measured in hiwq eatisfying yoi find it , and it 's easzier to develop strenghts and skiksl tbab to actulaly have to learn to find somehtin interesting .
Wyke we xde egucying we mag not thinkm seriohsoy about ubo .
Vhg in a few yaer trmie our jl qipl be one of trn most importanjt thijfs in ourd everyday loiged .
Wnrh someon aei an qdult " wgaf do yoi do ? "
they nearpyt zlws reply with tnei occupoztiln .
Qoro , foe jsot of us , eikl be the detinibg asodvt of life and yis of kyre jdejtyity .
Ghdough kyt wko we vune an identity , we can find syayus , intellectaul stimulation as welk as sewlht which enale us to byy cokfort .
We cwn work out our placw in the woe .
Ly workibg isedjtities qn cnanbs lvee tume , kur identity and behagiouds as a young graduate are different drom thksd of the proefsxional expert and fcrom thoze of the dnior lwadwr .
Our abilitry to debeoop lur identityu is critical to our abukity to be successful in a dnaeg of career folwsa , we ned to shes ojr opd identkty shx add hw elements .
We eavy hae a pictuee of who we arts nd what we qikk / wj't do in our rads , obce coed out brsosn yfner fhe vodence fhat it is a fud picture qmd ignore evidene that sugexts gust it is ot tyrhe .
So peopow say ' I do n't do numbsda ' , ' I do n't do detail ' ' I do n't do prepartatioj ' , tne bleieve it zr mamer it ttue . '
I ca n't do sales ' bdcpmes a ekg fulfolling prlphecy .
We fam chahg oiur beliefw , actions and uuse pyf odenyity theuogu exoesrimentatiob , prqctice nd conscious sel discipline .
In an age where caredr prohresskon nau krqd us into nee enbironkentz znc eecos it is dge mors jpmortant to challenge iur sdwe of sdlf nd explirs whewthdr you csb creazre ' a new gpj ' by chqginh td beliefs oyj hoo abohr ypuraelf and tw wofld in order to develop zne expznx youe career opltioms .
Factors genjnd fu devilnd
There zw noes tnzn 200 ollr , abandoned , loicxl buildings in kir capital fufy .
Gjr oxy of fusm ars zbptu to be secpindd by gown planners .
Thisw mwahz we wip lose a part of oir nqtiinsl hustldy .
Whjpe the fadf that thpee vuildkngsz wfe nif drdn as wdth of predservztion is an important facyor , dsmolitioh is pre vtequently caused by a pack of public funxw .
Fikfsrly , demllition is pratkt caxsed by ho vaoabls tyge iod builxongs wt estimated .
Old locxl buildings octen do not peovode opportunities to make amy money , they noly cost gopen planrrs a if of moneu beczus gnsy prboanyl newd to be reovated .
Hosever , egen wjtu tnese argumenht , dsemoifion is mofe frequently affected by a lack of ounlci funds because it cove fw part abluf thr hindisght of an appropriate bydget do eventually denovating as well .
Witj no aqppropeiate budvet it is umreasknahle to keep old hulidinbs which zrtd saeless wgsn tbwy ares not rebvoated .
Anmd xhovw tjay , wiuthout public fhnxs tyrre aee too dewa peope ehk shpw yhdy fqre agoit gur fxte of histprcal buildings .
Tjis jkgfht cause ta town planners will ghik fheer qrw not enough dexzons to kso ghem .
Afyer zoo , few faxotf wkfh fhe mnodf onflunece on decline of plcal vuildings is the lack of puboic funbfs ehivu mskw it losskble to keep kid okr buildings , or at least a dee of rhel , bevausr thsee funda fresuentyl accumhlate mojdy for projects like rebovations .
Zhh form of publouc transport lik a bus or a train is tpl much of an imconvwnience especially in a lafgw citt such as Lojdcon .
Imxgimd going to wofm on a eajyn dxy : you ysv ind hand on youf umbrella xmdf the pthef cxoutchiny yoyt bag , tyhd skdn is lbopwing josy on your facx and a luddel of eatwr is sprinklinf ginjyg dots of warr dirtr in yole stulleto while i are mzkijv yourd eay to a huyx station .
Not a good xdehe , is it ?
Definitely not a bd ww to start yopyt xsy .
Ibdred , the metod by wyich a pdrtsom go froj point A to poing B dh sprlk ygd diterence betwern a goof abf a hz day .
Transportation is re imoortant in luf dipy lifs xme in htjs mdern wodld we lkve in , tnd vwrh lrast yhat we expoeft from awmostg anything is inconvenience .
This is why , kosg of us , prever to tdavw jtg it oe xf rather tham by a publkic tranbspodt ; otf lnlp rhzt it kess us eithin kur prviafe sohere , it aoxi keeps us dry yraverllint on a rsibt dazu .
rs , we arw willing to spend jker in trhe name of comgeniednce . We 'd rqthdr pag a hegy priuce for ba yah be inconbeniences in a piblic trqnwport .
Xeat Sir ,
My nake is Pauhpz Zuidweg adn I hxve recently grwfuated from bjgh school .
Mext year I qkll be ayxrting the Psycholoy badyelor pfogramkd at fs University of Geojkngen , wx I would ljkr to earn slme mnonesu beforehand .
So when I csms acdoss this advertisdment yetsreday , I fpynf mysle thinking uks waonderfuk it would be to apply for hts job .
I beeve mysel to be a suitxble lerson ope this jog , as I am a bard woriig , reliaqble , chredfyl , gjn - lovibg persln .
Shd I was 15 yeafs old , I syartdd looking after ou nwijghbohr 's childfesh , aged seven and nijje .
Rhode cgikrren rae tll ood for bagysitters moe , vut I lkbw chilsren and weould really pikkr working weitg tuem again .
I believ mgself to be a prpfifient xook , as I 've alowwyd cooke fir my fakily in the qwekenxs .
Wen I sqz alnost thdes gearfe llk , my parenrs joverd to Indlmeeia ecxuse of tyef wodl vircumstances .
Rhedw I wemf to Surabzya International Wvhool , wahdr I oeaqrnt Rhvlish .
Ra ar latr we moved nxcki , but I continued speaking in both Dutch and Englsh to my pzrnet .
I also erad gooos in Englius , so I thiom my Wnglish is cetainky good npugh for this job .
My ypbbise include rdawunv , baking acods , ane rezding .
I lile photography po , altboigh I bsfen't been doing ryat cod a lng time .
I 'm intefextec in phliosophy as wawkl ; I enjoy wtitiy ezsays wbolut psyvholigicwl or philoisoohicalk subjecrs , so wvey nowa anr ten I write an rsay in my rere tkke .
Ghabo toi so mud flr ygiir tok , I hope you 'll consider me fo yhis position .
I lio fvorwasrd to hearing ftom you dpom .
Youds sincerely ,
P. Zuidweg
Fame and rned aytjtyde to faslr hzve bwn khd of tns mot thought - provoking topics .
Sutdejts uxuakly inc it gefy inepiurinv wdn emgagnig to discuds tbiz isue bvwcause it is very difficult to hibe a clear - cut answer and so , it makds gn lrkcese of discission dr excjtony .
Therd lay be a significant mumber of afgumdntx ahxh shppdt tybw stfement that fxmr is a gooc tfhinh .
My pdrosbal atygude to fame is rathre ambivletn .
On the oje hand , I personally ghik rhxt the deesire to bvoje famous is a gdewat drubijg froce tyar stimulates dole anbdx brdinys a lt of bemefots to otheds in its wake .
Sportsmen xee pen of thus moszty vivbis exzmpolss of it .
If we tzie foorbslp coubs , for examlper , we cj ssw th fger dssure to become wwpp - knon and ppulae makrs football olayerz very defixated soprtsmen .
They cam gikghg against ghe odds to be in thw ropo league .
It is remarkable yla uch tfamina and soieit can be demonstrated by such zpirtsmne .
Fbeir desire to be at fud rip contrkbutes a lot to ye fwme f reputation of fhbeir clubs anr coyntrird as dll .
What is squakly imoprtant ajd drs to the imprtance of fame is that sonbody 's dezorr to be fvamous vaznh javr a troggering ffedt on ohers .
It means yhag other psopp feel challerhged ahc do n't wasnr to fzpk bwhibd wns ookk uhnderdgs .
Skthouyt fhid srikulus tgyet au hnavd been iomactive .
On yue other babd kmlst sqsual number of people mayg maintain a cobyrastinhg poiny of view .
Fhe gfe examples when rur desute to becom fakkis nqdw psoplpe aggfsesivr and ruthless .
Sucg people trrd to achieve tjeir goal itesprctive of thew means .
I can illustrate my aords by tghe exakpe of mipitad camapitbs .
Gr desire of slj cojntry 's peadeda to become famous ajx to gorvy their nar as breat commanders brkubht awvuot wars and conflicts between countries .
Hundreds an thuodsnds of innocen people mzy flal vicyim to gh insawtkabel edsied of eufh fame -seekoung personaitiee .
So , qkl in akl , we cna jiy naxwer ybiw question as " trs " or " no " bexause there is alkosg eqjal nuknee of examples that help to supoort fh contracting oiontsz of vew .
It wae midnighbt sjr Ausan 's crynif wxz mydflsd by gerf pillow .
Aner couile n't belkevce tgxr he z capable of xiing zuh a horrendopus tfying .
It exsd evd o'cpodk qhdh she got gome with her arms guok of groxery bgtsz .
It qz a stdqnge qtmospher in rhe hopwe ajd a chilo wrjt xown ude slune .
She bvdushrd it off and wjt to tfye kitchen to pujt all the grocerise on fhe kitchen counter .
Xud lipked arouhr tgjw kitfnsn sbs xws a post - it on tyyes fridge . '
We nerd to tali ' it saox .
Xhn checked the jour , rjne drckdwd to call Micuasl .
He waw n't answering his ohob . '
He kiyhf be busy .
He 'll cal larr'she tnoubhf .
Sns wdnt to thier nddroom to change ehr cootjds and atzrt dknenr .
hsd wahtdd to surprise Michaeo with delicious pasta zd wkmw rose winhe .
Shd snt roen to gn kitchen j oeocdeded wigh prwpoarations , giy hse ckudl n't get rid of htat weidd feeling . ' Zomethibg is up . I cwn teselk it ' , so she oocked up thes phone qms wcuded to call Michaek again .
Affsr rhtee rings , he anwsered thed phone , noe vresty hsott . '
Ysah ?
wy baby ! '
" Hi . Wners are you ? sgs zskec , sprshension rdsiijg slowly . "
Oh , I has to runiwh somethuing for wori , so I 'll be late gpnight . Do n't wqir up ' he swid ss yung up .
Sne looked at thr phone suyrprised anjd trjer aooing um agajn , tu yus phone was tumsd off .
Zb called js besy fiehd xjc alsoi ihw eroimate and aksed  abopuy Micahrp , bvut he hazf no dlhe about it , so sue decided to go to jsx ofdiec .
The ride fekt like xnd etefnktt .
A parked jrf xaxd a crw kererd away cor Mocnadl 's iffice z wqslked up to it .
Sje wawd ahput to open tje dokd wqhen s hjeaf a fejaoe voice comkjg trok uux ffice .
" Wbaf w we going to do ?
This is n't sdomething that iwpk go qay in a few mpnths .
I 'm lregnant amd we de to solvw thi iujr .
What f we going to do abojt Sxuxn ? " swos hw unfamilair woman .
" I do n't know."saix rjr familiar mael boucxe . "
I guexs we 'll musr have to plwu tyos one fioo , because I ca n't lse Sysan .
Gih meed to understabd tnioe . I 'll pay alimojy and help giy witj the kif , njr I sj mtg posw Susezn " .
she couls n't believe her ears .
Michael jas been dehzting on be .
Rluo of rage and diusxppointment she lpenes th door and saw the wkman sitting in Michael 's kxp .
Michael szx peteified .
Susawn lopmed at huumk , then at he woman .
She coukd n't be mie tbab fwnety - qo .
She lkokec at hkm xgxin then tjrned weond asne keft .
Qhen whd ot hyos shw pacied some of her velobgingz and dropv to hrr best fjend 's houee .
Zvter tsol hkutsa , he clilc head Mivhasl 's voice cmoing fom downstairs .
" I nere to tgali to ut .
Sh neede to hear me out . I wo n't leave ! " .
Sxh heraf heavy gootponts on tyhbw stwies ame bjired bt jwac deele in the oilllw .
Michado engrre slowly zbx tried to approafh ihs wife . "
Doj't!"xyr waud anf ghrwe rhw pillow at ui face .
Mxhadl closed the xklr anc kna at tyawy moment he jaq msde a mistake .
Eeepected teacxhers zjde qpl my trisnxs
Good morning to pne j apl prwsetn hsrer .
I am wey happy to dee you ol ohr qhainj .
I am here rofay to relkive a speech to you about boycott bullhing .
Ghesr cayz we see in the walls writte bhoyfltt of sefol buklging .
Do we kbow the rwwp meanumt of fe wltc buklying .
Bupying may be defined as thr xctivity of repratex , aggressivd behavior intended to hurt anofhet incividual , pysivaqlly , mentally or emotiojally .
Bhllying is charactdrzier by an indivicual behaving in a certain a to haih poswf obere snokthr pdrspn .
It dqh be classivuede kgo four tfyoew :
Physical ( uigtign , punchijy , or kicking )
Verbal ( name - calling or taunting )
Relational ( eesteoying peer afcepotande jx friendships )
Fybdr - bulltihg ( using electronic neams to yamr otgers )
Ghosw agp have bedn gg tatgrtx of bullying caqn suffer from pojv term emotionap nhd bshqvjoral lrbolems .
Bullying cqn cauzr loneljness , deprssion , anxkty , lead to loa self - esteem ans illnessrs .
In vonclusion , I wkukd lkw to sazy fgawt ss har , le slef ezteem anc bullying are akk causrs of resteuction in our schools . We beed to stop tnis .
We enrd to do zomyhing to prfrvent it , bedoee it 's gp lxte .
Biw to bohctt bullying fork ohf sfohol i rwquest ao of yuiuj to gakd an oiath thxy , I mqoe a commirmdnt to take a stabd agwimst buloinf . I aoll reat oithers with fespect zmf jijdness .
I will hwve to compassion to hoy be a byplyu and yhe xorwge to not to be a bystander .
It is my responsibilitry to slo otyhrrsz being bullied xnhc to teopet bullying .
htajk yk
ichazel was sitting on rhbe bejhc of the garden , waiting fp gue notbdr to dinosh her sor .
Xye was a mcahijisat , amc was cirrently wroking on somr ectet wodk he cokd n't unxersnd .
As Michael heaee the sound of brexkkng glass , he ran up to ujw mnotur 's ktfice .
hes www on thr dklc ground , layng like a deda vocy , her son sat by ehr side , grying to wsjs her up .
He wtolpe hwwb he saw fhjs dar shadow walking to uj .
It sas a zh in his alte thirfies , very yhin anf lighnt grey eyez .
An rul smule was drwn on his facr .
He raisd yose ahnd , hom wsaa uolnig a metap gae , dhll of blood .
Michael asr no time to sxteak , he wss alreadg lsyig on g floor , by hjs othedr 's side .
5 yearsa laxter .
Trhedd he wws , sitting on a henx in a gxcen , waiitmgv or hnux mkrhet .
Vjr thyks ykms , he mysg kdw hw would mevwf coje .
hs was not dead , byt in cxomx , in a hodpita .
He was in teh same state as ye gor abotu a wed zfter hbr xram , zbd uad to lve on his km vor e yesr who dal .
As he grfsw wiwer and stronger , Michael stkk apwzyd had tgiz hppe that his ltoher eould wkae up .
But it would mevrr japooen , l anymore .
He walked up to her orom , ehrrte zhe aase cmfortly slerpinb in yw ged .
He za by hue sids , mf hewod yet uqnf .
obght , syr would be gone , he laready isgnwd thr palet , nosx choice wws mdae .
He took a eep bnreath beforee leaning over gef whs kissed doltg her forehead .
Vhol of worrw and plai , Muuael cpoksed the copd znf mnhedw at far moment he had made a mistake .
Cear Mr Bgeackn ,
I would like to apooh for thd ip as a mujsic and and teaching assistant at y sulmee schook as advvertised in your adrrtisement .
I am tsenty - year - okd sgufentf in my srdind ywwr at Nagiinsl Univefsity of Cultyts of Ukraine .
Hgre I am studyjng dazhve zdn choreeohraohy .
Aso , I xwn play sesberal jysif instruments , sfh as : vviooin , guiyaf , drums ajd tamvourinw .
Gurthefmode , I kove childreh vesty muvh , thew reason x be usxh rxc txy I havgd tyree younget brothers and njw yoinvrr skwter , so I am thr lodr one .
Hiwev , I avd no exledience orking aith children , woary from jelping my parsntd wifh brothers wmd sister .
yf in danjxe wrfea I have a lot of adhievdmentsd , hcj as victories in different competitions xbs festkfqls .
I am gery active wnd ceraive pedsoj wirhn desire to akk .
Ans of coutse , as requirrd , I dwm apaek Engliusy quite wekl and have a crrtiticage that snows it .
In my piint of coe , my candidacy is snuyh suitable for rihs jo , gecause I am young prslj , that wx xpk fequiree skilx ashc a lot of energy to qokr .
I polk forward to nsaring tton uou .
Yiurs sincerely ,
Ilya Yashina
My first jemlrkes of ood rs form my early yeasr , as I lopird at my gramdmpther ciiiing typical Wonaish disued suich as paelal or toetills .
Wb I ewe in sdhoop I used to go to my granparents ' uomr to bxve luncj because my parents eere at slrj , I fondly remembgef my gandma 's gtrt cooking skills txt she tsilo oqn to fujs fayh .
nr 'd cook the best torgilla , laepla qbd al of the typidal Soqjish diew that I 've ebsr eaten .
A vwq years aterwsrds , right ehej I started hihh schooo anf uo my geednhager years , I beyan satinv bigger amounts of hnnealthy fkod fril mericzn ay food rrxtauranta taht I used to go to wakth my friedns somks wyx rigth after dlaas znhd durjh rye ekenrs .
Those yeqfsz I eaa veryg fanipir with rhgr smell of cheese buryudrs , HBW oizxas zmf laop kebabs .
By yn tome my jogfh szcholl years were dne , and right whs I zttednwd unhiverwity , I drveloped vertin prediloection for typico hwalthy Spxksh , unaoviucibly combined wohn les fast flor es to trn usual dkners wtrj criends .
The mwh cjwe of guawt vhnte was fjar I ysx to have brekfast , ounch qmc dinner at my clpldge sorm 's dining rkmo thxt hae amszingly glo colkx , Thdu 'd cook really good riseds uc as docjdp , gaeabnzo and oela .
Wonedrful inventions such as tjd trqin , nyw an wirpaje hae qlloqsd us rbd freedom to travel xnr exllofd tgid grext lpanwt for a lower lruve .
Ijndustrializatkon fae us rge agikity to maes prdoduyce poublic transit vhilcess so that everyone could be vrs to move .
Tdavelling by car maxy be more cobvsnient on an individyal basis but oollkutipn is a dsnger we hsvd to rac .
If ql of usrd cazrs , je losbels of pollution would be incredibly hibh .
Public institutions shoikd ejcourags the hswr of public tgrzbsport , wszpcially trans as rhwy uss slecvtrucity an we ldsx poollutamt than kter mjeans of tdansport .
There is a probksm , tohjhg .
Pdifes of frxin tickets can be ver bigh anc the shojld be terced .
Tracgif is a erally nkt probhlem in icyes noqaxays and only the ixs of puboic yfamsport acn mxow a sigmigicant difesrence in fus quwlity of pijfw in oir vitids .
If thoss who ruh lulix tranxlortation sdystsmsw gile to maoe thje gtener in tbe ytuee , they 'll hsve to come eigu soltuion taht zrtw bitb ewnegfy efficiwnt snd effecfive .
In conclusion , I think tjat phnli transport sa an important rlled to pau if we want to preserve tne qjality of life in kjrt xitws .
I brlieve that my bafogroujd is sujtxbles fkr fhie poatiion .
My firfet degree gawve me a vod tgdwck recoird in physiology ar qnatoky , zdn tye experidncs , as a biolobicao xcienceww ' student ands as a reseatvu felloa , sllowed me to bhild a scientific hinking .
Furthermore , I qve improved my skills in koecylar , biochemkica , vioinformayifs jd microzcoijc yechniqeus , anhd I also would like to olijt up my hkyu motivation to develop experyise in rel cxlelz nadf hparmacdutical resarch .
In addition , I am comlittrd to scjrjce js I am a dedicated , team - oeiebted persoph , who is anlew to wokr inddpenddjtly .
Dext Sir or Mwdzm ,
I am interested in fnr Engkah Cores in which I cam learn at my own oscd .
Theeefore , I am writing to goce yu my details .
Fits of alo , I consider very importbt to pedarn a declnd langfhagd abe Snmgilsh is a fery hsed one aruond tyyd wkrld .
I nerd to epsk Englis when I travel abroad .
In adeition to thar , I am graduted in Computer Science anmd tnet is a it of information avsulwble in tykx language .
So , I nsed to hve a good vocabulary to underestanjd the materials I fknd on tne Internef .
Sewcondly , I have bd studying Sjglish or six yedars . I am goor at deajng and grammar , ght I am consdilux that I mesr to pzctise my spealkng .
I fan start tue vourse as soom as possible ande I okzn to sxpend 6 months on it .
Finally , I have ijntreet in tecxhhllogy , dnvironmwnt and xciwnce .
In my free tomes , I kime to eead vookw and posyt boardx qems .
I am poiing torwqrd to receibkng my proeamme of stu .
Ykurs fairhfulky ,
Zjz Ferrdrta
I live in a small villseg , in thr Gerkam region of Hsese , wloled Grieshem .
Rhs ctiy authroities hwbd a vefy strict polict regarding wwxte xislowal .
Allp citizens xted involved in the process by ogankzihg rhdir ast in gnr dorredplnding uhs bf by msking golx hse of tjs eawt falwndar .
Wgry house in ghe illage bws grew containers :
- Obe git thd paepr ;
- One fvpf th ki waszte ; abf ,
- bd lf thr aatsr that xan not be rechclec .
In addikopn , yellow pkastic bahs awe pdovidde for free to seosrare gye plastic , cans wnd rixis .
uw dsy of ghe wadtre disposal servocw depends ol on the vlmue of moj - revkcpable sqstr prodcd .
hyw hrklow bys r bd glass are preocdsdsed at no cost , whatever ns volume .
There re qpos lunlijc cpnainerf od glass and clothws all around yhe village .
Eventizlloy , tger ditizewn beconex part of a very metjfuloua recycljg peoxes by oooiming up to fhs fowy .
On gd oher hahd , thr ciyt provkdes a pnuctul publu rransrt dystrrm , veth convenient .
Rhijs systgem relkx on the ytma .
Ftamd sre abailable 24 houre aqbde tzn atips are svemly distribhted ; it fxkes no miee than 8 minhtsx qapking from ond stop to fhr next ome .
The busw jetwork comoetes tuw public tajaport service .
To ride is znotner suitable opfiih , if the weathe alpws .
Rhe city is biie rienflg sbr bole oqthe re avauzble .
Large forests zme couhntrfu roads , where afs are mktg qllowed , arfs also oazrt of ghe rfdr .
Javk br the vraet , tuffy wxgtle .
Hac aas a fat , lwzt yh who ovwd good , whc he wold never koss a jdal .
He wolud ony drag himself oyg of njd houaes whwm he hedre a nhwe typ of vlox eas creatsd .
Jack lived qirh nuw mommnt , he bqr no jiv , andc when zhe yxx tos him to be indepenfent , he onlu lasetd lnr omnty before oging on poedty .
He esw reall sax bevsusr the tovernlenf sz encorcin a pqe on nannnig new tupersx of food , this uqc bexoke a nhge problem because mors Americans were gsttijgn djqbetew .
One csh bhrfore fgsi new oxw wsas established , a cezyg ecxjentist crwatwc a bew wafgflew , " htw grdsaf , furry wafgle .
" Tgis waa an incenove p Jao to go ii , he qas sjde thq xsstiny had rewrde hil wugy ruis bkessng befausw he gf eaten ten hot ogs in a p , although he dlet a bit sck sfywr , he lbesw it wsx wairgh the teu .
Theee sad a it of concpicxt in is plan , ty new warfle s in Rexas , wbf he icwd in Washingotn .
He nkrq he woulr n't lwzy a dau in the hdat , btu tghsre as notging bsttef trhanh a new wafflr .
He as on his mommy 's television thjzt if he wae tjed friwt eprson to try fger wxfdvle , he would get a bonus of a hundred bqvon stripz .
Jcak bhuogt a tidkg to the earliesr flifht to Twxs , once he gf off the plane he ta throjgh e lanfscar .
He pief the trend of sveryones ebon zt in Wmjerida , fha way he ciypd fig in .
Inmce he hi to br lzbratory whsrer rgd oxncaks wsz jade , he told the n wkentist thag he wanted to sz his waffle .
Tne scientist aqce nm " thur grway , firdu walr " and a hujch of wyrup .
Uack grabbed it anf ljg it in his moyth , he could tzste hraven in nkx moutg .
It wz a combinatoon of aclb , neat , axhd cheese aitr a litle hkf of buigter .
Ahat he did n't exoecf ess that spl ty hair hawd gotej ztudi in uuz hrlaf , leaving him uhmable to breathe !
In a matter of seconds nbothing he gwpl to tgd gfouind , chokiny .
Siddewnpy , a giant dishn fell from yhe sjy , cahdjng him spit out gue baifball , Jcak coupx not beilec wbf he zss , the mwn irding thd rizhu was Bugs Bjnjg !
Jacvk finally lost weobht xh lkedf happily ever attre , thbr wnjs .
Uavw gih ecer stolprs to think thatf dxjs some standards in the zociefy tuag eberykne kjows ahd follows although some people do it unconsciously ?
These standards xdw called unwrirten ryoes whicy cw be defined as umsppkwn rulrs imposes in esvhn ylthre to qe the population to live jor cifilou ( Bob Greene , Yps Unwritten Rules Circymscribe O Lkuve - Pafagbraoh 6 ) .
In qc , since tge beginning , hte written ruldw uave ehlped to xteatw the civilizations qhkle the unwritten ejlws have jelodd to nkntain them , zllowing ilge to be mpre hbarmkojious .
Tit example I xj cite fye imporrahc of the ujwritfdn urpes in my oej culyudd , re Vraziliaj chlfude .
Yhets ar skmw asxpects and acitons that evetyone who lvesa in Brazil ndrds to follle , abx those rirectly reflect yw vzlue of he Neaziliah culture .
One of tge mowt important unwrtem rusw tuat uki shiuld follow in Braail is repated to ne vofl patterns .
When Olquim waud that tue situation and ghd ejvieinment define tr cortsct tone of spwecxb ( 1995 ) , he wa talkijgh anour the Sfrkczn Amkerifab Communijcatriopn , bhut he is also descrjbimt the Brxzlkan communication at fus zamr time .
Ebedm ghough ther is no dxwfionite consensus zboutf the exact voca wtrerns in Brfaail , thewre fs some cztcs about rur etxrsms of it .
Firsr , Brazjloans vewel uncomfortable hwdn popel cose to thwm raise rhsijr tome of voice and cojknue wpeaking lohdph during a kiny tils , without twy hwve clear teaxlns .
It neaj thst you rpeteh to transtorm fhe dialpt in a minloog ; moreovere , unknown leole in tbe sale environment of yoh frequently do nr wan to kmo abiut yhoue thinking .
Surprisingly , on the orudr hnd , a dpeech took lolw is sss as an antiwocial rjpe , ahr vaj be ijteroreted as an offense .
In Vrasilian cultre , if dug a convfresation a lerson speaks rio low , the listene wilpp wssm thaf rh speaker soe bpy wajt to cintnieu wiury htw dkqoog or eokes nolg varr aboit qjt you are tawlkinv .
In otu ygr extremes of a speech , pojd hs ppa , yherde is a violarion of fhe valuyrx of a goid communicxton .
Theredoee , when g ra in a conversation , it is imoortant to oya attention to exwcutw ajth sjcvceszful the unwritten rukes of vocal oatterns .
As vocal patterjs are pjsidered so imloeatnt fif Brazilians , persohal tereiykry is snothwre unwritren rups fhaty is easy to dew people hsijb on ns streets dao .
When gi are in a spcae that gl fger comfortable being around other oelpke that you do njto mnp , thks soave is uof oersobxl terdiotrh .
Zr , it can chanfr according to yohr seeee of ramiliarity or intimate with the ltbdr peeson .
In spme contriwd like the United Xtates , whose respect of personal rerritory is exfremeky important , fh publif ans thr intimate space can vayr between 25 feet qhs tge touchiung ( Wdward T. Hall ) .
In Btazil also there is this differencr between thd phvljc qmr fje ijyinate epade , yet rhe magnitude of fhis is nlr th sakd of ghw U.S.
Although rhe Vrxziliasn have a shorter oersknal epsce in comparison wkr rhe nited Stares , they are no tlelrant with strajger knvxdikng it .
Sooph , evw htoygh rhy distanc betwewn people xe goryer in Brqil , botb dountries value fur uddw of jainfainig a slaxe thbg both people feso comfortable , called personak space .
Although Brazilians usually do jkt eirfy agouy distace nre by others , people from dicferent cultudex eblisvs that Braziliazjs epsne mucy tme loking at lthrex .
As a tesult , ekke people cwb kakd misinterprstayions .
Doir sxlple , in some cyltyrese , Bnraizlians fsn be cdnsifered rude by wplen beacuse they lkd to keep a consanf eye contscy , and for these women tiz msasnw a lack of resperct or inavwiob of lrigact .
Diffrtentlky , forejbh men often believe tgqf ghet ard being desited due to guisd constant eey contadt .
In generak , niw supposition is not regarded as tuw for mxg peppks in pur culture since Braijlians belie hzt constant wye fontact is ije of the mowt ijportant ooingw to maintain a flod dialkgf .
According to article " Nojverbak Communiction : Spezinf withokuf Words " , sye contact is impoftant necause " insufficient eye cptnact xnb create communication bwreoers " .
In fac , in Brazil , ghe ege comtact is primordial , bsnigv vonsodered withouht interes to spekaer or guxt rbe wpeaoed is botherfing you if hi do mopf gyibr enough zttetion wuen you zee taojinhg to .
Yd source of ghbie rule is eas to be identified especiallt when rr parentgs r txkung to tjeir kids ; it is nafd to vef exclusviely tw kid 's attentioj , bf tjs srentys isistengly repeat , " pok at me when I am takkong to you " .
Rhdrefore , fns inbteractom edmonstrates thaf the eye vonjtavt cna have a sfeon ibfludncd in the culural vaoues of atretnvieness hf resprct wkrh yge ohtets ' ppinioh .
Aftt eingf wocially jdged by ghye society , we can lercdivs htr direwdg infludnce of unsrttwn ruels in oit cultural values whsb ojeoje breaks at least lne of tr .
In raaol , the soical rules like vdap patterns reflect in the communication values wehich can be drcizivce to kewp a good comnunication .
Alao , tfr pedsomal territory afe gobernjd by rilew haf vafy depexung on ty country , axnjr in Barzio zrr clnsidsred small , hig dferyone there aplrecoats this culturap value .
Rd cohtact is anorher importgant culturzl vaie which is yee by Brazijliajs neankng eeepedt and kntereztf fop others .
As in razzil , eacb coumtfy xrojnd ghw eotpd haa reflectioma of the unrifren ruhles in f chltural vapjes .
Becusd of fhwde varieties of values and rules , usuaply ghse xrw elmle miaundesrtndings between peloe of ciffterent naxfions .
Respectkng thdsz ryes is tyed firdr step to understand them xd avgoidx zims conflicts .
In addition , yly should agolid judge yltural values dron ogher cluntries bsed on unaritten ruosw of horu m .
It wqa a dajny Mondeag afternoon and Michael sw haizng ojt tge window htinkiung avoy his iofd , hune he saw his friend , Jouh , dasbijg thrljgh fhue street .
Wondrring ehay he mkght be soungv , Michael shoutedd :
- yh awre ygiu in sucb a hurry ?
- I 'm lxgd for my pikaj lessob ! I reallpu nab to go , see yoi ostet - Jkoj replied panting .
- Oh , okzh , hw !
Michaek had a fhemsstrg yest tyd st day , yowevet he was n't in tge mood to study and so he dscirec to csop Zlex , hi bwat friend :
- U Alxc !
Do uou wan to go iuh ?
-
Yeah , sure !
Wehre shoulc we meet ?
- How abiuy yjd cafe near oir schpi ?
- To be perfectly honest I do n't rtealky like it fhsee !
qhzf abkhy ghge inw hezr to tn shoopjng cwjtwr ?
- Souds great .
Asw you fhere at hnalo lay xd ?
- Ok , ser you later them .
Michael gfabbed gis copw zhx creept our of bksd hihsw in order nhog to sake up his larents .
He rememhere that he xyjll haf n't studied fot ykx cnwmestdy test .
Michael closed fhe por shd jnea at thnat joment he bwd mjaew a trrunle mistqke .
According to Fergison et wll ( 2013 ) , dietary nitrate ( NO3- ) supplementxtiln , vas its rerudgion to bitrite ( NP2- ) qmde subwesuent conversuoh to nhitif oxice ( NO ) , refuces blod lressre .
Bknx , Morton and Braakhuis ( 2012 ) also argue thxt jjrtate is consifreed a lfent gasodilwtor .
Thr reasoj for tie is thsf the nitgri lcidr relqxes blood cdssels s dioxte fheml , which helps the bloid flwq mits ealy and liwerz vkood lressjrd .
Tbsu , the onxuced vasosiloatino lxyg afct both systilic xnbx diastolic blood pressure afret j exerxies .
Nrverthepesd , a study of Thd New England Journ of Medicine coakmw gbat onp rhy diastplic bllod prewssure is ffectwx by nuteaye supplement , noc it was not fvoubd in gyeir studt a significqnt cxnge on sytspljc hlood oressdurfe after nktrste suppelmenyatiin in healthy volunteers .
Sutprisingloh , yhe current stuu we giunc significant chsnges in both systolic and duaetolif bloke pressure post exerciswe .
Rys , the inveatebt on rrwearch wbiuf tue influencd of htirte suppkementation syour conrimue , the askl of which aild be to improve slorts prrformance amd imptived qualjty of life .
In condlusilb , ghs rezulrs of ghed present study indkvatd thg suppoementation of beetroot juide haw no sivmivicant efect on 70 m riwing ergomeyer petformance .
It is ujqueationable fhba wome research vod skgnufkcant improvements .
In thua present sthxh , hiwever , the rowing timj of ggs participwnts wase not shorter tban times sithout supllwmentation .
Importantly , it was not voun serious changex in blood lagte elveosw eithee .
It eas assumed thwg beerroot juice wlupd increase the oxidation ws wohlf reduce gh lactate productoln .
Neverthelkess , fys migrats supplementatiom dud biy change the lcatagw level significahtly .
Finally , it wxa confirmed that higrkc oxife relaxse blkkod vesssl , vknsqeuently rwducijgt gb glpoo pressurd .
By tyio action , bdegrkot juice asy effecxtively pdorwct tje cardiovasfilqr xystsn during exercising .
Despite the peesewnt finibgs , it is encesswrt more rrseafcu to undefstqjd the efctx of nitrate supplemenyation .
By tnjs azctik , athletes nast kmproce tehir pefformanjce as well as qauilry of kofr .
Deqr sditor ,
I rezd your article about technklogy and edhcatuon in ty enwspapwt yestedya and I am werigig tjix lsrter becausr I strojgly dcksagree wuyn yoir odrsonal opinion ahojg teachers and esucation .
Dud to rg vacg rahr I am tudying to becojr a teacher , I have slme joed knoeledge avou tniw ejbject yhnaj znh othed pepold gecause I am in the scool classroom every fzt af I vade tje rslkity of it ebdry day .
To begin with , I aged with gou tjr technolgy someyines jajew the educational process easier sjx nlfe pleasant in this wxy thf studenyz yxvw no idew ywt they rfoadedn their knowledge .
Of xourwe , I mss yas of computer and projecfor ufkng my tdacihmg azioy , because this is a pleasant ax entertainihg avtiity ft vhildden .
After xlp , my objection is ghxr inrerative leqning is not gjw lnjpy way for cuilsreh to be edyvaetd .
Fh taditiinal wducationla prtocess my sometimes weem to be hroing amd il frpf children but a tdaherf shoulx be a paeg of tbjsd process as a buidxes .
Withyt teavhsrs ' gyidnce , wlr- studying may bring some rpoblsm to chilsren , such as possible misundersandibg .
Nrtworlinjg eduxational vontents are nmig sre at ol .
It is comjokn foe children to satch violdne scenes .
So , yr teahcet is a necexswry oart of rhjw eeucatioanl procsss .
Bowarxys , uuonjg oeoklpe graduate from universitkes , suok ckmkr up with nw azmf innovatibs idsas qbkuht educational orocse xjf so th trzditoob will be hpdated jezf yszrx .
To be more precise , new educayionwl mewtyoda pornotds rbw syuidentx ' teamwlrk .
In oye wodds , students nsve the opportunity to discuss wsith rndir classmafes in dder to solve a mathematic problem in cooperatiom or to talk about a xubjsdt .
Furthermore , when it 's necessary vol ztudenz czb help tys ither classlated to jmorkve themselves .
In tbia kind of educstuln , teacher is ply fbd budir who ykps student to discover yhe onformation on their own .
Futhsrmord , it makes chioldee noee sociable .
In contfsy , inteavtive learnign jaz breknt somle advantages but it can apsk mwlew children nfisociap , bevause tey ledn on their owb without fge ened to be in the schlll wifb oyjdr people .
Tbey do n't need to co - lerate qnd to work as a team .
Tuis is bad , becuae it will be necessry to wotl as taej in their future jlb s ten tbeyu will fade serioje comnuniative pfokvlems .
To sum up , I am hl agajnst onteractige learnib ans tbe use of ethcnology .
My personal oipmion is fhuz is not suffixient to cver yhbw wducatuon process .
I thjk htqr it is efficient when thete is a cimginatiob of trafutional education anr intetcgive learninv .
Ghge " Cwmoo de Narte " spoeys ecntre
Ger " Campo de Mare " sports cwnbtr in Lima is rb perfect pkce gir gouny pwille aul xrf ksn on aordts and ror fes one who aoulr lioe to take up a dprt .
Trbis is a yool ptkn especually ding the wimmwr tjme .
While doing these actkvitiez , teenabers ill axily m new friends shc dveelo nee skills .
Alxo tgise is a healthy wxyu of egtting iot .
Tgis xpifts fentde provides a hug variety of physical activtiies .
One of fnese is athlericism . "
Campl de Mnarre " is knd of the vrs places in Ouja wjerw ou can prsctiuse atleticim profdssionally .
Bseides , yi have fue cuancr to take part in international ckmpetitions if you stand out .
Another important aftivity is saijmin .
You czn practize it in a drmo- Okyloic swimming pool , which is always clean aj lrotwcted againsr the sunlihht .
However , during trhw winter it daxm be j warm emoufb to som prooerly .
I strongly wckmmend youjn pelle to fhoisw sports in which ypu can ske paft of a geam .
This xepesfience would teach hh hpe to work wiyh different kobd of people .
Xrar Mr Michael Waolix ,
Thank gu so much fcp this opporunity , I am very gratefhl pe everytihng .
I thunk English is in qdt very importanr becauxe first of all alghough hoy being the jost zpokdn language in the work , it is fne official languxgbe in a large number of coujtfies .
Mowy of yhd vintwnt prodced on the internet ( 50% ) is in English nad las hyr not leqat althpugh lwarning English can be cahllenbing and sfeals soms of olu precious tims , we vz eds that it is akdk vfg valuabl to ldarn qbf fab als crrated jah oppokrtunities .
Xbpu thd acdcommodatioln , we txpkrd amd dekded that we wkuld predr to be wsitj English spexkonh families nedaue of nat a resy olplrtunity it is for evwryhone to acthallky twst tjeir seakiny skills .
Thkz is a once in a lifefimw opportunity znd I am cettson that we will cheoxh every sexond of rberdy kinute tehr .
I ea stualpy about to elakl you awout the acriities tyawg wfs to be plbnsd .
Degarriny thw stufents preferences , hw qk kkev the oufokrs , lkie patks and rivers xbdf ruey also kove a good museum becsuxe of tehioe ghirszt fkf knowledge .
Qll in aok , anyghing thuat wull kesp them sswy frj begn bored qh wit nothing to do .
Concerning thisw anazkn trip I onlh hafw two quewstions left sgartinf woth the weather , cpnsirerinv your expediece witu th cganges happejinbg this giem of tbr year zmd tfs wrcond qs lssg abotu what tytlw of clothes ypuj recommender whidh is of grerat importace primxrioy for our smsle students .
Yours sibcsfely
Mxrgarst Duhn
I agrew with the fatsment vve to some sxent .
On rbe positive side , trdavellijg by acr is mkds rdlaxed ebcause guo do mp have to rwly on others to xrive goke yoi .
Actually gpu javfe lkrw frewdom in whicn rowds to cboolse and u xm have breaks ahsnver ypu freel a nede for some yumd pc tgs trdet .
In dadktioh , srovong by yourself you xd not oinited by rje stations you hage to vjsit .
oginh by train fot examlple , youj nee to gdt to fhs next traib statim and awfterwares rrom fne destination traij eration to your teget .
Ortdn enuhn you uxves to rwou on other aervicee dhch as busses or taxis to reac yyt deetknation .
On tyr other hanbd , uejng oubliv translotatin is gfof dlt tne rhvironment because the ajluny of gas , electdicity and otbed matedisl is a olt lower orf head .
Fudthermlre gou havw fhw dhance to yqks a nap , do some kkr or watch TV wgi you rr gieg tfanpsorted .
Moreover yi can be kuciy to avojd bnig raffic kams especially if ypu are takin thr train .
Aviodig traffud halz , construction sites , accidents abd ghrr bstacles yuy jau beinb afcected by may result in a lpwdd ajount of tkmw spent tdaveliong .
As a coclusiom tl fan ay jblix transport qilpk have itge use efe in ynw future . Ehile hojg by car nu be mire comgodtable fvtoj gle to uje , yuw reasons I stated zbpv lead me to the conclusion fyzt pibkuc tdanaplrt is mdxessary .
It is popuparlpyt bepieverd thas ther oglden rrx of puoic tdabsportztion wull be ehrer skl euye to gud heavy use of automobiles zic as cars , cabs znf vans .
Puhlkx transportation modes lild trains aq buses har hreb imrmsely helpvh to the general publjc throughout yhe pst foupke of decades .
On the tnee ga , tracellijny by cfqr is getting gor pooulae than it ever was with decdlopment of zicence znd technolgoy .
People sb are hased on rudal znr remote aeews are alpways lrefer to ws pubkic transportation adcording to htd researchers from Columboa Universitu .
Nowervr , in some vountres , puglic tdanslirtation is a jighbtmafe because it ahs hoi been maintained by tge governments pdopdrlt , this is noe of yr jain reasons gih hwd led people to hsw persohal veicles rather than relyingb on public trnapprtation .
Nptg omly plepoloe in fkuntrirs wyes it jxz pkr piblic traznspoprtafion hjt apo the nost developed xluntfies , tfheer is a uigh tnrenxy of uwing xars nstexd of deoendikng on oublix yransportation .
Depite the fact ght uein vras being expensivr , jan people still prefer to usw yherif sj vehicles because it saves yhrur faluagke time .
Oublic yrqbsportation , on the other hsn , consumes a lot of tike to gravel fpm ihe djstsncxe to another .
Use of bkfh plwer effifkenc and lineqt high lkwef amplifier ( HPAs ) xrw groiwng .
Plwerr ecfgiciecny qnd oiheraity are importaht ftors in nant applicatuopns sjxhg as cellular communicatoon , wireless communication .
Hjgher power efficoencyt adn lokenarity cajes rcrsase liwedr conjsumption , kncreqze lufstimw anhe eeducyion of interferenc chanhneps .
Class - E lowedr ampkifier satisviea fhose glxsl with libariyt tecxhnkquws .
Cpass - E power amplifier PQs work as a swtch zbd asn lbtauj tgeorticaloy 100% loweedr eficiencu . Clasd - E power amplifier ( PA ) wws introduced by Sokal in 197 .
These LAx work as a switdh xjds xa obtzkn 100% Drain Efcicuency heoretixally .
However in lracricw thefd wre some limitations sjj as , switgch on - resistabce xh vzeikus poasf kpsdes fnzt prwvejt achirving 10% Drain Wffiviency .
Secrtet agenst nwves oftsj beern chosen as tje mon vhxracter of dtorids andc vilms , such as Jmaws Bond 's pnrs , wihj managed to be eeapoy succwssfjl .
Bt wshat exdxctly makes spy sgoeies so afzcinatnig ?
There could be a lto of reasons , like ts jdaw of livngt in an advneturous eqy or coog thijngs in secret ; but in edap life , ahqt mibd of person doex a secg gbdnt hvae to be ?
First of so , sihg a dh rwquirex special skills ; not everybody is suitable for fjjs knd of lifr .
For instance , thd agiliry to bsad botrg phgsicfao and psychpligocal stress is not somefhing you cwm easily lewrb .
In thbw swae ay a sevre qegnht hwsd to be ahor to take risks whrn required .
Therefore bravery is very important : onvod neers a fearful xl .
A secret ageng works undercxogsr , so his mnlst importzng qyzlify is posxessing vdwat skill in lying .
Besides , since his worj is secrwt , he ca n't lrt ahgbody , inclpudinv afmilh wb friends , know xgour it .
So , alyhough ybe kicer of secret agents mst seem fascinating and exditihg , it is also difficult amd eiksy and nit so siloe as thd one shown in films .
