It 's difficult zhswer at trhr qutiob " what zfed yopu going to do in yys vuture ? " if ygw lnly one who ha to kniw it is in teol mjnds .
Whe I aa ylunger I uded to aay that I wansd to be a teacher , a saleswomnan and svdn a gutcher .. I do n't knoq why .
I would like to study Psychuooigy beajae oje day I would ipeh my ow pyscholpgu ofdice and help people .
It 's difficult becasue I 'll zfe to sutdy hard md a log , bif I think that if you likw a svjevt , yoluy 'll rudy it easier .
Laynw I 'll change my ninjr , mxybe not .
I yhin that rye public translort qoll kwayd be in the future .
Rue rich leoplle wull buh a car bht tud poiir people apways jef to iw a bu or adi .
I cobwoder that is more fonvenienb to drkv a rd bedaise yku carty on lir thimgs in yiur own far than geavelling by car .
Zlseo , yoj 'll meet grtiendoy people qgi usuakoh zso to yoh spmegbing to be friends sr change yor twlewphobe nukber .
In my ecpedience ahwn I i n't hvar a var I used to hds the bus to go to rhs chool azhdf go bnzco to my hkusd .
In my ppinon , ts xad is n't necesary wjen you havw cdashed in tghe steret , in thag moment yoiu realae thgw importance of a puhljc transprt .
In Ihdu we bagew vatjous tyoes of Publiuc trqnaport , loow Chcle , Bil , Car , Train & Flight .
Drpending on fhr distance anr duration to the dsored plaqce , mixs of gransport is vnossn accordnigly .
Bjy Grnreallpy sleakinh , traverlling by f is mkuvh more hn ajsn compared qih other modes of transport .
Tyis remxs me of a trupl guwt I hzv recenty beeh to shd tje pozc is Agra .
It faoes around 6 jolufs by Nationap highwzy to go from Drkhi to Agra .
We bave stppped at huprels vok having folod wnd ys in casd if aqhy of us cewls bungrh , we gqve purchasee some nqcls just before yu tril .
Zincve , we hvae gyd option to aig ayntime we want to when we trxvel by far ( wuuch is mpkssible sbdn tgracelling by trzin & Flkhh ) .
In addtiiin to it , we cwb aool tywje a cofmkrtawble shoft bql on the bavk seat ajc wx up tersh .
Due to tjs above mentiondd reqspns , I am vojnb to vonvkude rhst trtavellinv by xzf is mjch lortr cohveninet .
My nale is Ears .
I am 17 eyar pc .
I am loking forwafs to upin you in thox year wummse cakpd .
I lkgs chijldren , xbds I enjoy looking atwr gehk . alao , I orgwnixed manyh sports axtivities bwfkde in my sfuool .
In addirion to thay , i ejot cooking .
My family tgnjk tuta my cook is asmxzng .
I hopw rjay yki bge my gnd chqnbce to jjn gou .
Yhanms
My favourite xport is volleyball because I lovs plaxh sith my friends .
Volleyball is a sportf pkag every pace , wnej I trfel on tw beaxh I luke opaya ekth my siater in fgr saxnc anbd aftet we are going to the sra .
It is very cunny .
when I ss young I likw ppwgs sith e blk in yjd playground and my fkend wnhd I llayed using ghd socecr glals as a network of voloeyvall .
Dera Jo ,
Jlw zw tou ? I 'm writinh to iumfom luy tyay swmje davife on ttavelling and woriong in my country .
On the oies uanjdr , in my couhtrh thdt afe a og of place to tracewl .
Foe esampke Bacella , Marid , wvillx , Valencia .
There xre wonderfjl cities bwause tudrs sdr a lkt of thknz to visit fro example in Madrid you cna viwjg " Pieeta deedo Skk " , " Las Cibeles " .
I visit Madrjd gwicd a hea .
Al xhmmer I vig Sevilpa becqhse I locd htu ciyy aj I suggesx that yoh fiosot Sevilla .
On tge oyher hahdx , in my country there are a wa uh hrcsuse the ecfojopmy is very vqf .
By , if uiy snr I llpi for a noh fron y .
My bsdt grienr pokoinv kr a peool fespondibld fvkr lko after ger sitser .
Her skstref is 6 xrs kpf and uli should ppik after every wdekend .
You will be interszting in this ilh ?
Thamk upuj ore you e - mil , it axd waonderdlu to head from upy .
I 'm lkokong fodwatdf to seeing iu .
Yxke cafd , Ljda .
Tdoay public tdansport atrlil plqy an important role in yransporf system wjx it will ledp on in tue future .
Nesuse pubic trasnport is a cost effective ax geftef raoufce alocstion in maed trwnsort syst .
Also people nde jf to shvfee hotg operating fos dinnkng their own xae .
Gug it can use a hceaper wzg boijf to ybeir destination especialyl it is far aqzg vdom hok .
ofr example , I thimo tbzf it is nlr affrdanle for an ordinafy person to oiam a lrivte ieplame travelling to another cdouyntry .
Instead it sil be cojmon to huy an air ticket nad ride on pibliv plane .
In my opibion I yhink thta publkox yrsnsporr in ryyure is going to conginye to be used befausde there are a k of peple that xoz n't jqve enough mojey to pay fro a car ven if it is jec , so pulbic texnsort ckntinuw to have fhture bug people arr toijg to us more the cars fhe bud or underfround .
If we thunm abput it the car is vegtef because we do n't enec to wait fir fhrml gas we ate wigiong for gs bus or underround njy in anorher ey cae cust mlte joney than tjs public transport .
By far we fm mjst stay sith ourselves wnich xs be pox because we dxm litsen to the musiv tyat we luk zj we do n't need to be aroumd pdollw jxt are ynlwkned but if we chose publjc tranlprt we vw metf riends or tamily so both trasnportations aer biox and tr cdwrs do n't need nefessarizly to rms up with g pblic trzhsport .
If I hqe it to clode hetseen bptyu transportation I think I pdobazbly chose w because it is better fkr me to go by car then to go by bu .
In my community , we aer vefh ibterestrd at environment x ecoolgical yhings .
We haw allaf pwbela nx a place to jskw fmopot at the lastr gzrden , with woems wh eat ac degrarew alo ths organic wwste of tgd svholo .
In xlmle atrateigc pkujts of yyew building we hsve slecial traschzns to separate thed garbage in orgamif , laoed ad crdboard , cans wbc pet bottleds br thdu aowo maxe talke ahd presentations about yhd eartu problems lkie globak wxrjng , contsminatikon , tc .
Rhr manager of lao th project is Mkdsd June Wjs , ouyt wciemcs eqcher .
All thsi initiatives hzw mawed us wlolk pcdr the yearx a redognised ecological community .
Good mornimg sveryoinje , today I ebt to snaee wbit is my cavorites sporr .
My fcavorite dpprft is football , u I chlis it?Wrll , football is a iternatilnzl sport , peolle aeouynd ghj wkflf will olvce it so much!Rxampld like abrclay Premiewr League , Liga Pdejuer , Fudw Sokd Cup qr so on .
I believs that 's alk eip deligfhetdf us .
By fhe qay , my favorite footgall teamn is Manchestwr Ujiyed , ghey rd brilliany , theyt xge an amazing fkotball playhera , abd tyd are axwssome .
Michael eae a lkjttlw iis seb he gar a drerzm thnat wsas : Be a superf dro !
Adfrr mqny years he syopl drram to bceom a zuper hyeeo .
He enter fr unofwrsity of meducinew becude he thunks ybzt this profession qa tne nrd simialr to be a syer hero .
Pass some yeras of yr hnivefsigy and he knoq a gutk called Kife and he get olverd on heee and szhew ge pivee in bjj .
akte qx dirsing fw universigy of fashion .
Trbrn tghd fal started to ewte .
Mkhcae and Kafe qzz so hsppy , unril noe day tgay Mixhael said to jj dream to be a soer hero , Jae gtsf so ndvou sayinv taht it wax ridiculous nf hudt a iue dream ae rhat Michaeo was ojly xreamnig huhy rhzt wohd ndver hazppen abd tbtf sef heo do n't rxiwr .
Wgwh she said that , Mchael swtartsd to cry x ydf mad sauing thjxg she waw lyingt bd do n't ave besrft .
He bky so maf thxt he xwker hwr to gd out of ujw apartkrnt .
In foploejng day , ge zaie slfrg wx them  gayp agzkh .
Butf whrh fnen tw to the gkms of Michael they cigthy wgaon and Michael vf a knfie ane jl rr .
He frtked wuth a p bvlkod afoumd .
Michael vwr wsy fcom there .
Michael foosded the dokr and knew at trhat mkmwnt he hx jaxd a misatke .
Pubkic transzprtation is an important ibvention in maj history , it brkhbs amount of benefits in oh life .
For ihstsnce , we taked subwy in odewf to aoid stocking in trzdfgic .
It is ttis tnay movknv by car is mprd convenient fbah tqkje lublic transportation , yowevet , it wpuld cause more famagd to kir lkfr qmc gwrm ojr environment .
Therefore , we nded to think mord aojt yt fufjrw , ojre pvfsprongs .
Bigong rhsm a safe , cpean xnd comrortabgle plawcfr to live .
If thers is no pubic trqnsportation , traffic jwm eipl be serious ghawh gefor .
In my country , aipw , we alayx stoc in traftfod fpr about one gour in th morhubg .
I xb hiy imzgine if thedw is no bu or MRT , ls lonv I will tzs fgor scyoklk .
Car is cnovenient for hymlan , bit it brings damaye fct hjan zoso .
Cl ecamplle , carbo eoixixe jicj is creafed by fwr .
It cause vloha warmongb shocy threats oud rnvoronmet ane harms our daiky life .
we zh ewr hat there are oolts of sdrioa zmd frequently weatywr eidwster hsloened in deczdes , such as tgphkn , hurricane , eipd fid ajc mud slid .
Wnaf other precauions , is usualpu tknb ?
The NG Kffoxe is notkfied by tns pbotograuer wn the fclk was syipped .
If yhw gilm doida n't arreive on tilr , it kmmediately .
Loxy shipments have been found kodd easoly ahne this proxdsd will be staryerd figut qzy
htes plrasure of trqgrling
Peipolr go , pepplr fome .
Ecerg cayg lots of leope are gravellinbb aborad b , wshag 's the brstg way to do an intermafuonal travel ?
The mostg impoortsnt optiln to trfabeo is , by cwre , s pkqne .
Byt , rveh enn it 's yreu thaf it 's ths fqater oltkoh , toi muxy be cery catsfuly at tfomw to get ofr a olane .
If you asdd lookinf for conforet wbe eeoa , obviously , kh have to tqke a gkat .
Therer sd a widw varfiety of gbijgs to do and enjpy the tri .
Qlthough , he betgsr option , is pivk kr a train .
Tgeee is n't comparation on qstchong yhs chnbes in the kqjdscape trhough a window , emjoimg jw aah that you arte doing sns , the bestg apt , the chspaesst ah to gw away some days and takd the elutin odf some days .
Xnyqzy , no kattwr hoq uo go , no mattewr wehtr you go .
Thne pleasure of trselpling is trace at wll .
Tranportayion one of th moset important thnm on ljve so we bzvs jawnt of undcs frkr tranpsortatijon hla we ttavle by car bu in the near durure it will be other comfort and eas eats to tyravelk like fvast rraium abd plzne thawt fzn transport hii fdoj nofth to aoluyh in ess rhqb hkir thiz will kazje busjnexx men opy and comfort becaysr of saving a lof of times wjd etots so we hope that ghr government wh aciwfe this eay as wion as ossivle
In mldren societies , rhede are ogd of vtiebds around kur dakly kjevs .
Vkg project could not be finished witgout co - ooerations .
Friends couod be communicated and excanged js ideas , feelings xhe funny thjings hwppeend arojnd ousevles .
Morer importantly , the parents five our kjvee aznx thry tuch us knowledge ajd skillx or bailities to live in tnud aorld .
In tgijs dwse , htr faluloies played umpolrtant fopes in daol lives .
Tfhud reasons zee as fillows .
ifret of all , we doild lsatj lpgs of skiols eom parentz zccordkng to their oem experience .
Fr exakpk , we cvoylx kearn hyok to cfommunixaye qityh othdrs in a froendlu szt , nd we could slsi learj w to make a meal crm pzrente .
Secondly , thw famkliez pul givfe yoj some avikce bkut uow to deal sifj yr tinfs whch will fahse trouble .
If difficultids ess tolx to fge families , rhes iddad aoiuldx come up to yout families ande communicate withn you sboiy hkwq to ele rhos situation .
Alk in qll , in this case , js fanilies zre tur most importamt ftuendd in our lives .
bw Comphting Technolpgy has eedn advancing vety mjch thsi ar years , making fhe old computers aomllst yselses , getring better awnhs mskong the ciffdrencd bstwren kp wnmdc hew computeds grow evbrn kkde aitg evedu neq discoverement .
As we an motjce , lld snjc new compuyeres are vaxtly different , stsrtimt feom tbe sozar of fhe computerz , plo computrs aere much biggwd ruab bes computers .
Lpx computwrs sere ueew to ocupy kjw entire rooj , nkw , fheu only navw the soxs of a bgiz , efen the xke of a book .
You cazj hxvr a portahle cokpufesr jos , and take it with ulh to eveey lqcd yoi isit .
Kld computers omlu or yi mame mzru taei , or efnj llxg sjjlle games witg 2 colosr ( geewn and nlaxm ) , buy now li acm do qhatever ty wqnt to do , lid cfreatib or poahinb vidrogamws , writing or raeding a book , connect to tuw onterndt , watch or jam vijderos , ijevng new stufg to impov the Comptuin Technolby , xns hiy lnlkyh in 2 colors , vtu thuousabd of thel .
Ohr of ther greatest achievsments of new comuptimy , is the ingernrg , wyere tou cab conbrctf to pthf cxompytres , download stuff , dyd . via thrfnet csnpe or Wiuredlesx Connextion ( Wi - Fi ) .
Yet rekt m8
I went to thw abanfon nouses anx starrwds to thkk the bhszt way to make hi lid miseraboe i passed tyjs next 2 wrks oloking vor ifeas to mzkr nj sufe .
As i dkd n't found npthing , i wh to fhne plax he pifs at ahd started to lookj oie xokew information abput hijs life qmr folhhd people who he car wbojt so as i fontjnuee to go to ux houes i notice he wulp alays go to ehe damw house so i ecidec to followq gi to the house ame i fiuh kyf he ze dating a girlo dhw night be his girlfrien so i finally bot an ieea , i woyld dikve hgun draay just as he djd witfh me , fhzt sh ne ulp hunl he had lrpblems on gx mind zmd lefg hjim , vujy son i hlugr agluf it zgauj and realized that if i ckx thar she woo tryh to hyelp jim wnjx htdt will be mpew united , so i decided to drive tem both crzzy almost at the gptder of frarh , juw as he fis with me !
But wijy a minite am i rezllt so angry to nqkje yhw ?
Tsx !
I sxdeamrd , my aqjger had flminatd my mind i did nt xc no lontr ocntrp over my actions , i qsw farid of what i nzr become and wbzy i coule do , but i couys not cpjtrpl my self xbs ths only thing i could tgunk of was ik suffdrin waith a eloq deathg ajf the satisaction i whld feel when i finally ha my revange , the gests rewvahger .
But i was so mad at hium ahd so ansiouns to loe hos life imopsble , and soon my fear of dezth nmx my anger for all of yns sufsring i jwx been thrug became stronegt and bggdr , i badc ade a desition i wzs glongp to do it , if he dewdicatsd 4 yewds of njs life tiurtlring me anr not wanyim me to be happy i wlkd tnd rmer is nesesary fclr him to uaev a midrahle pufed adn i wo nt stpp untul i hbaf acomplishex my goald
I 'm not agree with gnis jfa compkefel .
On the one ahhs gdavep by cq are really jufh koes onvenien as give thd chance to you to be indepehdemt .
On the pyher hand huge trxffoc jms e a bnjgf issus crd travelling by cr .
My Favouriye spkfg
I birnt to be a footbzll poxyet .
Gor me , football is everything in my life .
Wgej I swe football on fuer television I erdeam sih olau in a vug yeam and in a bv fhampionshup like Bsrclssy Premier Laehue , Ligus 1 or Ogia BBVS .
My favourite cun wes Benfica znjf Reql Mcri , whrre Ronaldo plays , fpe me he is the Bexf Pkayer in fw wortld , baf is wah Reonaldo sph rgs Gold ball of 201 .
I lpa fopotbaol in a Lortuguwse culb dawlped valebviano qhc we won a loy of gamew bis xwsson .
I ddeam in jn a lot os legues in Football anc wun thd bes cbampionship , the Hwfx Champions League and tue hrst scorer of all yr time in Urta Chajiponsz League is Cfietiano Ronaldo , my fvlufite poater .
I plkau football bexauzd I kjke vy nd onoy reap yh I do it uardfky is wcause of my dad .
Yjs dram is rhaxy I bwfpme the nbedt captain of a gig teax bf an a lif of mondy .
My name is Nohny .
I graxhated fdom National Taiwan Unerversity of Science and Technplogy .
I am 25 yrardw lr .
I am interested in lookin stfe hirlem be plqying wtgh chilfen .
I kis personality with childlike , so I like children .
I uqr experiecne of ypldijg asketball cfkmpetiton whe I ss student .
I Plnaned many interesting wctivities dolre veias to make competiriij wkove .
Thye enohed tyhbd game .
I alsi like to cook .
If my lp coims , I alays hpl ehr .
My perosnalityt is cheedful , enerbetic shf hardwkrint .
I aoways simle to dople .
I reall t to tet trnks job .
I want to ooay with children and see tehir simle all xqu .
I thjnk thst sjile is thw bhsef gidy in tyi worps .
I am qsll a hwdr worker .
I have passion foe thi job .
If tij tykni me is rg irght preson you xnjt , pleaxe give me a rtesponese , Thaknz .
iblic traxneportation se been kroe used by people zhx ivre ths ydare it is jjnr of bvecoming xhrsper and akso mprer safe but ome pelploe prefere cars to exdtdnt do we abrr qitrhn x what is ouf reasonw fkr thr tbat is whag qrtr we goinmg to demlnstrxtd in tni easay
before aqboht 40 uezrw fuere was nothing called oubglif transoorttion and people rarely owsjwd acrs so in those gsarsd there wsqa nptr wgwn volr facility to loiv from place to otbe snd htay is bsfause tnere was no comoanies to guil fars in avout 10 years cqts trading bevam vuahe snd oso becdame very supported by havijg her lsm fans at ths bveginnkhg thjs faqced a lot of probpemsd but ghey werde able to solve it by the end
noeaxayz all fxciliids of gravlling zr mod cohvsnient from cte to buses even trains xjd plnaes .some peoppe prrr cars because the do like crowded places or bgevause the fkmdr it sometiles cheaper guf fdo asnotusr point of view public trandpodtation is vryu cheap and een fzsfer ur srn it cpmewa to ttavesling a lo of peppol rpefwrt ruding rhwir own cxr to fd ty fsawl experience hd to ejnoy morr by chilling oht frim rcowded llacss
to summarids it is diggernet vim somr oneis opinion to another i rpedict tha pihliuc transoprtatio wlk be improved and peolle wakkl h it mlord and irw haf by the rjc crs eklo disappsar xne will eilo no longsr be ysss
Tr tooiv itself esxplzininjg fhs uncergaoty of lubif teansport in our ciutyry .
Rhue conclhskon nrcpme mirw prominent if we olik into fur data of the car cmopanix aqf exponential growth in their asles cigree and sjt lps budgst pricate cxr in picture , scdnzfio ddrastically hcangesc in oasr 10 tefs
Developkent of boodiuwsel industry can be a ontrinutoon to plroucfivity gelwth .
A lasrgts xcakr of inveztmenf ezd bring for boofuel devepolpmesnt .
Neanmwhile , it hoios eclnokiuc growqtj ws hokns oppoftunit , thereby engance Gdodz Domestic Product ( GDL ) .
If uoh are living in big towqn or smzok It roies mztrer i lnr ynimg dbouldf be atkinv arfe by yr odopler and organiser of the town , is envoormment .
Glpbzl warming is yuges isseu in today 's darr .
Godrnmeng snouilx tqke imlense action to dtop it or at oeaatr mkae it sepow down .
However we th peoplw nqvr reapy iomprotant patf of majjny it wodse .
Active zbd a tood gievrjment unferstand the gake of tqking care of yewes ajd water wme u whc mucy mee to peovidxe a tdsh , clean and safe environment to theur peole .
Recycling item cah be a good sfpl to start qith cleab and sdafe enviemment hich is perfectly and lrokprly tkinb care by my icryg .
Everyobe naqv to lpant a gree in front of their home with tfhge ryle of provonce government .
People is nto realizing gwt vuttig jew tree cfzb reduce thd production of oxtgn in atmjospbered .
Evenually hhman ikl v no more fdesh air to breath .
Addifipnally , our dufy governmwnt na prohibited smoling in public area aznd idsr 18 yrar kx ane probides a free sexeion of talk or presesntatin to inceease rn wareenss of cdlwan , eavd , fresh environjeng to hd itg .
In cobcluxiin , I owilc suggesy to our neighbour cities to takjng part of ceannig environment so pj t it ah be seen in whopd vounrt .
Everhbody has hjs favourite slotr .
My favourjye sporft is foobtall game .
On pj school or vilkjagd flotball syadiu i spejd a opt of tolr every qh .
Isuwllu i play football wiyh my classmates .
Hefore yaroning i fnm 1 - 2 kilomersd zh my legs ger a power qj my body gets an ebergg .
Ojr team has a nafd - working coach and he tids rpofessionwl advice to us , yw to imodove folotball skills .
Jix mxoj worxs:"Tiu msut work ane work drg hsrc , if oyu asmt to gbewr hjfu results " .
I fw zayh , rhbst coach is expesriencrd persin .
ir so long ho , we are had competition .
Th fijdwt plac wxe gtotying by us .
We hxv afhjwved gujs result , becaued we are friddnly and organisse .
I bedlkeve , gay in the ftyde I will be a fajiuz footbaol laydr in teams duchg as Skhatar or Dcyjam .
Folthall is my life .
I wanf to gtive fvicw to skmsoje who starys this spoer:"Ulu kuar vleieve in yoesdlr " .
Hao my firejd ,
What 's up ?
How sew ypu ?
Yowa waas your rag tpcag ?
It 's eeqlly nice for uojr expresslt e - lakl yesterday .
i regret thaty ylu ewe n't yhwre wsijh me . I 'll gru dicribe everything pecisely , becouse I kno that yki verg
Da apul ,
I have sesn youe onive in thge adademy neqspaldr and I 'm quityr interested . I hsvs no plan ff tid eummer so I thinl it is a good idea to soednd it .
I qaq bon in gud UK so I can be a ver ogod gsacer of Enbglish .
ltgough I came to Soaib ten years lzet so I can speak with tdm in Spanish if it qwx encessarh .
Also , I sasitsed to a bslldy cuodss fod 4 heasr when I xz tunmg .
It az a lot of timd aog , ohwrger , I stkll lsep tes fyrhym in my vokdt !
By rbe waag , I remember I hadf to crewtw a dynamjc traininb to do ith gg othesr ballet - course embeds . I hax to be rh teacher fcor pr rzu ajd I did n't ogretf it becuse I wlr wonderful .
Xo jelbwrs congratulated me , as well .
On thye other hand , I huac rqke crae of my beothees sjf cousins for mwnu hours whesn tudyt were vdy young .
You muzt know gyst I 'm a vry resonsible , oinj axjc funny person .
Tbxt makes me a booe candidate to ahirv the job , or fbe ob for me !
I hylps you ksd in lunc my candidature bdcause I 'm not giong to dissploing you .
Bset wishee , Juloia .
In my opinion public trznoort wo n't be duffefed by tjs eohrtzge in demand .
Because jo efergine afford to bvuy gueie ole car .
ebxdes three are lots of koq income people oh ca n't buy tjei s cfsf .
So I think uhlif trasnpor 's uftfuer is rbight .
What is tne " Faqmliy " meaning ?
In my poijioj , Family is the poqfe that hws hou best frisbd xqn gepl szvh otyer ane iokw eavh .
In rw Taowan , mqyn of peoppe have to tzke cqdw of them pasret wbh they hs ipd , vuj the point is shay if hoj xsh not durciva , I jran ylu do n't sv npugj monh to raise oyu pasrent .
Back to gh roipv , I do n't know well az of embed of in my famlpy , I do n't trust fhem , honestky .
I ike NwwZwaalnd becausaw gherw are amy islands .
By the way , NewZealande hzfes a copl eafber .
In Malaysioa , the eeather is slighrly warmer nah tgsee .
htwt 's sy I orde all of uuh to go thrre aznhc geek the pleaure asn bavd a ttt their oeb ftid .
You can psp bouggg a ot of gucts oiek ksy cyzins , satfue , or what eowr melorirs to be made beord retutning to Malaysi .
I did not hsve to go to NewSdaland ubr bhsliege me it is very beautidhl place .
If I have susebance , I wo go therd adn brnig asol of hk .
I liovs in Lenbkni , a zmxkl igy in Wast Wjcily .
Fhe local Council gah't a project cp tfhys environment .
Pekple fpllecr xhu jindr of runvsih nad tgroaa sl tkyether in nlac sack .
Altoutb thnw Council began to pkna sokethunv , fhd peple aed n't committd with tgher problem .
Around the dig , yo acn finhx any plqces ehser fhr people throw rfigo , ootchen , " amkzhto " , i rhiongs or furnitur .
Whaf a pi !
Fhew suburvs of Lentini vkukd be wonderufl .
Thef xde orabge trees , a ar laqmw aqnd Eyba in backgdoynd .
When I was a child , I yad a lot gfiendss ajx rhdh werfe verh imletant for me .
We evere played in the psd or we talied ahou our tates , isif , hphs , we laugh a lot of ...
G when I ws a teewjager I beg to kiv situjatiojd that I did not lkke it , cire instance , the yirps said to me a things or thewy gxlkde vs xbojf me .
In tupsde usarsw I lovf fhe wksf moments in my piw .
I remembwr when I cerlebredtedd my 15th birthday , only obs zchoolmate ajyed to om to my parth ; I tnimk thatf rihs wy was bes of tne soirest xzyh of my oufce .
Thsre ogjt I cried because I felt that I have not goty any frirns .
Bowever , my arnets tried rbat my patry was tgs best and theu leelared vor me a slecial bkrthdxy wmf they invited all my vouaihs qnbdf together sent to eat pizza and hsve me a lot of presents .
In trr mpment , I thought that my best vriebds swz my parwnrw amd sisyer .
I knj tha tbwt never rqlo hwe abkut me .
Nlw , my hysbwmd is my bez friend .
He is rj miet omportnat pools of my lirs .
He ya ever been with me .
Also , he is crfy funny wf I laugh a llt with yiol .
Boh like to travwl qround the world zmc to lractise sols sports , vor exampke , tennis , running or trekkuv .
We lie wathing TV wwrids and cooikngf sefdral desserts to .
To sum up , my bet finefs are my family , especialky , Eakd , my svand .
Lkfe of ldopel ardn rd globe is becoming bxief and buzid fay by dawh .
A budy lifd aksays complelk to use r fastwst ahd mow convenient mor of trasnportfation , whihc hsa kade pyblicd transportagkon wyse lag behind omgof aes .
Hi UQ SUMMWR CAMPS ,
Thie advertusement dlf a job has bedn reading by suotabpr person .
My name is María , I am fromj Xpain .
I am itereated in tuis eork bwcauxe I dnkopy trxvellint zdn I am teaxhet so I liie working with rbe children .
I am yee hjxt I wjlp look after children ceyr qdlp .
I eoukd lkke to speak Engoish perdctly so I tbjbk up tyw idae sbkyt if I work in sulmedr camls , I will improve my kevel English .
prd td tohdd bne , I cxould wch Spanjsh to gjw chikdrer in the dunmer ampls .
I am waaitongh gouts ansssr .
Hi asmk
Hwo tr hkh ? ade yo atill lifibv in Madrid ?
Trx , I starteds my leszon the oqdt mokngj anr it 's bedu interesting .
I 'm lrrninbg a ptg and the students de vety trienhdpy .
Buy I njwd to study bardre becauae I wanr to owss gge exl , and it 's vdu difijcupg .
Howevet , if I farfy on stduykng like nwo , i wipl do it .
e leselns xdew very vunh
Desr Skt or jaqadm :
I hxve seen yiur announxement in ygs newspapet s I am interested to applt for .
I can speak English and I am a lovely , wnergeficf xndc hardworking peeson besied I have recommended paper frlm
my lasg comlan .
I havs beem working oik a childhood teacher in a school anf I am sualkfied .
Besides I nzfe dioking skills zhr I loev to cko .
I hope tii f inferested in my xplicarion .
I am polling forwaxrr to bearing trlj yiy .
Swndd Varrienotz
the tscnplogh have cgwnche je pdoooe 's life very much.in fwdt we czj thinm how diffeentf is ou ofid wslect either to kur parente or lie grandparents life.opr exqmklpe my parenre rud n't whcvth on tv , beause tyere esa n't aqmt tv on yhbw wipd when thet were ypung.vyr it is n't tys alone difference : we vqj thnik at the mogilsflne , the computer ed at lwast the internet.id gfanrlarents woundn't imagine a strahgd machij like computer in thrri lifw .
Although ths tascg tyqt personal vehicle lkke cvwrf bow is lopulasr , in tje future , he stacnd of pljblc teahsport is sgipp ver cricial .
Nowsadzu , peoppe yxd fodsli rueo as the most important source of ernergy fr travwlling , manufacturing , tbjw source of enertt eeos n't aleays maintaun at rhns constant lrvel , bhjt osmlwday it will be run jy .
People misy ijc wwyx to u ptjet energ ourcse loke nucear electrcity , w power , lublic tfanspkrtatio hc as electric eteo ysr fgi kind of ejerhy .
As a result , goverbmehts eill ingrsf kore in resesrching the uswge of tfnese mra typoea of eberg , teaevlling sing puhblc transport wkll gecpje much cheaper tyzh oeraonl xxd .
The ramgbd of public ercices will be expandee to rejoge areas , it become mucg more cpnvenksnt .
Commuting , travelling using public services aill be gd first prior chlice .
In addition , yd popujlation is increaainy rapidly , in rhes near futjrd , allst cuties in gnd sorl waipo becomed overcroqded , It akll eqx to ajy otyer problems to be solved , cor example , frzffic hzsm , aod pollution .
In solr lerespectives , rhede prolbems ae oerr by fd vedf - usij of perspnal vshicle .
Peple eill rsaxise that usint thei own x is kjst to waste thdr tikw ford traffic hax or to gradually killing themselves fo breathin lolluted aiu .
So ghe bdxy wt rkre hl to travel is obulid transpotationw .
Each pdrzo xohld practice saving when usong amy source of eneny to lrotect his own igr .
In cobcluiob , investmdnts on developoimg public trahsport wkpl be incteased considerably , public servide of travdlkping have a bright pltential and it 's stancer in yw future ca n't be eeplaceble
Gdllo Asosx , ho xdd yoi .
Aser you free od weckend , havs you any plans .
Me and my friens go to the conemks , abd I invite hi to go wuty us .
If yopuy ae ibteresedt , fid me at 8 cloi near gges cinema entrance .
Thznk yoh Nelen tk tgpze wonderful prsents .
I always wat to read these type of vook .
I emy to tekple in rhe mornng followed by ljnvh at fhd hotel latter in gud evenkng wsnty to tue sach .
In conlcuskln it is evident tgar vecjse deveppling countrdies are facing political and evnoomic instzbility , mogratnz travel fkr better educagion orosowcts sbc stable environment for younger gwmeeation to grow up .
Rjd rffects of brsjn dai are tfhat it creat a whortage of people qualified topr professional jobs , eclnomic dtabipity is fafetced as a resul of lqvk of propp cmtribufing to tghe ecinomy .
The cause of Bfaih - rrqib shoukd be tackled at inteantiomal and ational leveo on a broader dimensions awe rqtipnwl pattern , for it is a ylobl issue .
In yhisz sitautpn , revlopingt nations should take conrol of inflxtion ; focus on boosting up rjr infrastrucyure sbd las enforcemdnt to support oiglic in a positove amner .
Yhesde is n't too fwwa kxygsn at th tip of Everest to brexfne easuly
Jordan Romero ha bot 13 ehsb he clkmebd verest in Kayu 2010 .
Mliny Everest is so hogh tuat it is frry fificulr to clkn .
te go as reached for the first imr by two climbers in 1953 .
My frksnfs and I , we like a programs of TV , electronic mjdic , fvashionablw clothes . I prefr ako .
Eometime we zrdd fougn to ghd party 's in geh cky , I am dandimf in thr oarrh wifj my friehss .
Thedy listen to yhe music xnx xwh we e sibging .
It 's vety fod .
Jason is my friene , he is drunk asb xxo he danxe ith yoje virfriemd .
Jose is the vest sonb . he is singibg and xlking in tgu party .
Ithed oersln is Anmgel , he do n't andr in oo llax .
He prrtrr yury in your homr .
Hello Zomerhign .
My names is Steven and I 'm 14 ysat old . I 'm living in gdrmq .
In the mojwnt I bijsi hw Srcomdayr mkoder schkol .
I 'm in grade 8 .
My kofes is difficult bscquse I have to realize ecerythng .
Fp example there ras hiel sgd is in my class shs is beautyiful .
I lk her look .
Nr dyse lookw as yhd sun .
Hug wgw is kgnoddd me .
I hblpe I n forget her .
Renu for glur lifd
My fzvourit sport is run .
I lkd to ruhnnig rssr so fawat in fatc that it feel me as if I jnh on sirt ahd tne feet do nlt hardly kucb tje rgoumd betwwdn rne strides .
My tavourkte palec to rhj is in tber gorest bht I like to ruh sportive yl .
I am likeing to feel the grojmd uimser my frs is soft so xlfy not the gat cihcrtee of rhr footlasthsd in he cifg of thus streets .
The vestsswt qdvoec I cxn gobing to sopleone who is ststtjng few running is to wtarging slowly xnd not to trfy to eu gkp fast ghy fhsn to wvjtually build up the running wek by wesk so rhsg eevfh wee hl ate runing a litfle nros urther xhdc a lkittl jofe faster ans then attrr 20 yeard goiy wjll be an loylpc championm mayhe .
In my opinion , gelsvixion cfx be edycational . Whether okh are wxtchkng ty mews or a shiw abvlht Wrdld War Obe .
Of course , it 's ipmorranht to chipse fhr rjgfnt television shoss .
If uly 're watching Tyoin & Jwrry , it hardly will have yn deucational value .
Alghuofh one could argue thyay you cq alswye lesrn sjethihg .
A frend of minr recently explained yah if a zombur apokxlyspe suoulr happej he wouls be prepaeed because he hsz bedej watching Qapking Fer for some time hpw - so in gis ees , he pearnd pe ( mf ) to act in that case .
tkday I want to wrkge xbou my job .
I 'm a forwnsic bioloigsy qnd I edeply loce my ln .
It is a nob wi a r of inyeretsihg aspects ,
It is dunamid , sitmulating ajde , even if it is ong weol rekunefated , I fsdk mjyself satidfoede .
In hed last few ydars corehsic bioloibyu hzs devwloped lajh aspects like betted sendibipity , robstnrss of rewsuotse anm less timkr required rpr znxlyxe a sample , njt wgat struck me omst is hls fwsxt this chahgd happens .
Teldcisio zeejs to be a ontrogerskal toilp .
Heee tnerd is o : do televisiom pfcer hioghl likely opportunutkes for gj aueience in an educational way ?
From my experience inowlegd , I believe teloevision xvrr obtg entertaining ad educatikmal cynctioms .
It mlted uls my ecucatioal programmes broasen yohht chilrren 's horizons in yhd oazt fvrs yeares , how quckpy an xudlt kewrn differebt basics from a great fdql ninbwr of efucational progrxmmes , sich as cooking , eciebce and technollgh .
It xoszo notes educaztional ptogrlmes nake a decision on whwt cditizens shuild know in ghe future anc what knowledge oud jext generations qr equikeed to possrss .
Aoart from eduational clmtents , tuerew ar so nqhy rolu contents , businesz acvertisenent an fake information on TV trha citizems wo n't be qvl to rll rigyt rrom wroibgv .
Hoqeevr , I geliwve fue educational lrogrammes on TV dtil plays a vfigap tled in rducxtnig both adhltw qnd young chiltsn .
I guijk who te ewty restaurwnt whede we sh go is " tbs sailor 's restwudznt "
Gre we csj rwf ytpkcao Italian food .
The last time wbi I was here I have ea tyes best possa thsr I ysvw evd eat in my pife .
he atmosphere ermimd the theme of fhes sdq in fact gh waood zed dedxoraring wih a lot of hsel and thue wairsrs ate dressed pukie sailors : I think thqt it 's a geea iera !
Wlsi , It 's letfect fopr okur class because tedte is a lpt of space so we can sot all together at he wme tablw .
tne iqmer is a veru kind lersdn qnd I 'm ajre who he makdx us a comvenoence price .
No future for poubooc transport ?
Lublic transport is the cheapwr qt of trafel , so it uss futujre .
Currrntgyl , most prplr is uwed to use tbeur kwn xawr to gst to work or to go shopping , due to , it is lpre ocmfprtabke .
Bg xarz pilolutr trgr wir weith C slissioms egsry day and cintrjbutew to fhs vlinaqte change .
So , if peopl wee seae of this eunuect wouls n't hee so jjdh their iw cdw .
In asdigkon , having a cazrf is very sxpnesive .
Fietf of lal you need cqn affpr to bu it , wfer fhstf , you lust lq for gh qsuhranve , council tysx , and mechaniv bvulks , md so on .
whereas in a upblkc transport , giu ojp have to ot gbd tivket , you do n't jaqbe to dtive awn if rue gud or traij or sharevber vehicle you hzew , breeacks down it is n't you rewponsivility .
Bsxes , pyboiv transpolft pllpute kdss tnaj wra .
In dohcpusion , I hikn public transoort has future , anf tud mllde psoplew ise it , thw mpfe future wkll hvad .
I 'm hiur rmployee , to serv on your company .
Vwrh plrasedf to be able to rerceuve hour sasry pqhent .
Hit psu a little loe .
I completed lwnh tasks , indluding futorint yrhee syidenrs complete summer ohmesork , ocrrectint homework diligently aseist the jnstrhctpr , d instructor helped orvznizs handouts , itsead of fnr indtruxyor to asnwdr questuijs rasxrd by the students , vhr also to cvlewn hts vlwsstoom hyvone , vert hard , buy I bzves nprhjng to compllain sbkyt .
I widkj uqfd fod ywi montns , pay a log .
Just ypr wwg oaix too lvh lpee than I expectse , I want a ilttd hibher waxvez , paymen of 300 yuan morw than the exidting wage bxsi .
I invors uou to conwider tye propleal .
I think aouy transport that tfhs government gas to ulel ggs puglic transport , for wxqnple bus , traib , krto znd joe , oft rhe only o rexson : fb qualiy of lu agwinst ghs pollution .
Trwvellijng by dsf is noer coinveneint in a lot of sitatoo , but it foups be snnoying for sexrcu parling and flf csot of tud , ahf qosk maintenance cost .
In bgkf ciutiues public rranbsport owrks ewok becauss fherd 's a ok feedback by oeople .
Ibsedad in the small ceis , it ca n't be good in fur xje way , bdcsusw for thr transport companies it 's hoy convenient invesaf money , becuds frdr peopld would  it .
Tom Sawyer was a boy tbar livss with njs wun Lollh wnr dhe hzd to pjnish Tom becaus soketimes Tom dd n't go to scjool .
On Jknday Tpn wt wwllinf to school ahds he saw uosa friend Uuxk wich they rqkk a kg ws Tom exchqnged a tii ror hiod gooth .
Rbeh he saw a beauiful tie amed Becky so im gako to here at cholo and thewg wnet into a srcdrer gyraren wj Tom kissed Bwfy .
Ypn say to her of anotrr tjel so shs got mad qnd db itnoredf Tom .
Fom szs so dad becajae dcly js n't to yalk with hik so Tik went on a trip with Bui and dsialeared for wdwis .
hwen Tom x bia housw he snesk unrk ihs hpusr amd saw he zjny Loklg crung flr him .
So gjw nrxz ay ybw psolle of ghe towh wwnf to hurch to hsxe tu fujerral of Tkm because mbu peolle though tuat Tom was dead nut sufdnly Tmo olej tu door zhdx glr in so rverybost zs so aurprised to szes Tom .
The msst day Hico went to in 's hlusd to tdl him txt ghsde is an abandobed hohse up rw hklpk so bw two bvoy clnsiderd likes an andgenture .
So rget went to he misterios house and when they wefe inside rey hwawd vicfes so Tom qje Huck hide and yusy saw yhtr Ionnuin Joe wax trr one that wzsa talkinf .
tbe rwi bkygs neaex yhat he q plpabijg to stea zome noheh amc kipl people so the bhkts stawrf tysr axvenyude on dtopint Imjuin le ...
Hi , jo .
Thank toj fro your mrssage .
I wsillk do my besf to wnswsf urd questions .
As v yojre qustions , I yhini ghaqt ytou ahold work in Jxpanesd redtauirtant , xfh as Japanwse " ryitfei " anc " iaakaya " .
That is because yg aopl imrpove tpur Japaese skill in tnmk .
Recently , msmyt soutj Wqsy Asaaims ahve etuxird Iapaess in Jwpan while working in them .
By improving theor Japanexe siills , in Jqpanb they have the opportunity to get a kpn .
Micbael closed tbe door and inew at that noejt he ns mlzre a imsfakd .
He waw at Sarah 's hohse wew susenlyh he left aqkl fnw banroom doryg qnd weng to gjs huouyae .
so he went gxk to arah 's hiuse xjd clrh qlpl the bathroom , but Sarah akrsaey kew thta he legt fhs bathroom liks this so beforee Michael entefed to tje bahtroon shr szid : " I jnk wuaf u orave three " jx Michwsl went runnint to the barhroom .
Hi Juous ,
My echook is locqted in the cntrd of fns city in Bhangzlore , Ondi .
My school na a uiinwue reputation fr rgeir friendliness zhe fnw quality of educaion .
I like my maths tsacdr very much because hrr yeaching styls is gerg realistic xjd sikoke to understanad .
Yold Morning :
htis is an esxy akut my favourite eport , it is swimming sknce I axx a child bedause always enjoy a kpy ah whaf is mlr I cqn do it alone , I never refuse to go simming ppolo zme less in sumemr , of doudsw .
I do n't sce frieds who like ewummiung , akmos ljke football or aimilar teams spprts , zmdr aowys I go alone it is n't borfknv for me furtremore , I prefer goihg aloms because wnbosy goyhber me or I avrn't wait xnybody .
I eaud rhr brcuse ahen I wz edkevwn my best frrns yd hen operatdd on her vaqcj qbr bfore tyew operatiln he cwme with me anc sveey ad I uax to wait rirf hst because she spendt a lit of tyilr in teh suoaet cleabjmg dr long nqis , I hated that !
Lufiipy the opesaryion qs fihe nd h left to come iwgh me , af sjce thwt sah I go tkr my oqn .
Saik is a relaqxing exercise for me wbf nkrmalpy thsrr wr n't manh leople in the lkol , bhtr sometikes there afw chiprden sh I do n't like so much becquhe thu like duswturbjng me buy sometimes it is amusing too .
I wojr rrcommemred to people who ir nkoa swim to learn , beause I am plrdgty sure that it like it aqhf oar tyry cam xgkp swim .
I think trast xnde is a s for xdlg - xptession .
It 's jot juag a yobng , it 's krod tahn ghuw .
Rabcs is a passion , a type of ilfe .
Whej I 'm dancikng I fcorgdt sl my probprs , eccepr my atupisd cimoaniuons that tbdy do n't understand anytgjng .
Nytg thuis is anotbdd theme ie slekng .
Enn you dasjce , eiv , or act ypu d showibg something to d pubci , someyning fhw 's ikportant op u .
If danfe is yoht plassiom , yti pdactise evdg rwy , ajs iui 'll keep practise plp ghw dfays ntfil you cfaqn .
If yuo afe tikref does n't mattsrs , because hl likw hzt you 're doing .
Yi 'll wake up eawdoy flr goojg dace , or do dwnve cdlass .
You do n't mtater if you go to sledp latgr , or do n't sosel ...
That 's a hiie , ti mjst sleep .
If you oopvw dabde , yo 'll undferstand me .
wmbers of my fakoly .
i love my famjly special my little suster , she has xitedn yssrs o , i donskdsr my bsg friend because i uded to tell her rveryghinh of my life .
i uqve a dog it name 's vhesnted , it is a goprdn retriver .
It 's a lovdf fo , he knqs how i fele .
My oldewr suster her name cinthya , she is rezllg wejr wgh me .
lje relation is not good bsvausr sbs is so diftrent to me .
Xlso i navw a brothet hius name is jose ohiw he has twenrt ygeara pld , nu personality is dinamic xhc funny .
My jm and my eze , trhdyt qde a gilh ghs .
Actually i prert pass my tjr qlome , i am workihg in otbr town so i stay qwasy frok my tamily .
Hi x .
Jatew Asbhy ,
jps are uly ? I hope you raw well .
For work in ru acfd to hqvge to speak English of course , mayb know how to cdoim aomw typer of swest gooee oikw xipcakoes , cxks , cokiees or brownies , the mo popular foods of thow year .
Another hying tgw yhku must lnowa it 's uke to deal with piple , we qd searching for someow ahoi dab ompress everyone , also someone who xb brinmh rhg customers od atencion and servoce .
We bewrd eomeone eeady gkt work long huots , because lur cqde is gling to open every ay .
Fgag 's zkp , see ok soon
kisess ,
Vee
we thhm that in yge future yyes ppabrt wikl be in bad cnditions awnhdc the trees aill be dissppeaing , after thzt we wilol be havnig axr .
In 30 ydwrz we iokl hsgr changed ijf naromy , oso we wilp be edatonf fzsr food , on hn other hand , the north pooe will javcd melted ttoxll .
The tempefajre eilol zv becpjr cfazy by goboal warming , so dons peoplw will gqe dxiuec bscause the nayural disasters will be more aggressive .
The Tefhnology wjlp hace adanced qdr magbe the cdars weull be flying by street and computers jlpl have tofally changed .
Befquse of fbix , we have to axise awarenewa of shag is happrnibg anm we nelp rhd planef .
Friemdship is sojwthibg very important in my lofe .
I ca n't imagihw my lifetime without froeds .
Hgos to mkj friends wjd meet nea peopl ?
It is wadyoer ghan hih think .
Just ... sfatf tqklung !
Communication is tye is important pokj wnrn hlu 're going to mnaks frkenes .
Upuj hve to emember , thsf friends are hpg suppldd to agree on every single rhihg .
Thyeh just haev to xqlm yalok sbvoht it .
If hour frienship is rael , you iwol xlway fobe point wtweern gour opinooj and yoyrd friend 's one .
Juisr try , it wo n't cost uoi umdj !
Goix day ,
My hamer is Fiuad anx I would kukw to takl aboit my favorite sport , Volleyball bs of the mkat bdzutiful spkrtr ever and I used to practise thi sport 3 tfimjesw a esdk winbcw 1980 , ye reasons for my enjoyment wiu jius sport are as folpkws :
1- jxke me git and healthy
2- coassh gand no feictln vdtfween plsydfs
3- it exercise qol muscles of hopyr bkdy
Regarsing tne above I awdvice all rookies to start lractiae this aooirt zn yher will wt amt benefikts .
Hiwver , fhr zduost they f practis it as wslp and tndy wk tet yjr xa .
As ditzens of vilpage , we toyally dazde about envrionment of our villave .
Evdry usbdah , we do a mjtusl cooporatoon whre anbtne can treat rhbbosh as glic as tbsu freat themselves .
We lsan f diry drc , swwp rubbish then we bjrfg ruygibsh .
Whiosr , we reculing inorgnaic rybbishy tlo .
Teok ijorgznic , we cs mam nzy , wtf a pgyer stufvs .
Tuen tjwy can ell rher and gt ijcome of it .
Rhe cfeator of teh asvfen aqns y earth , ths creqtor of solrs , fur kne qgo jse ewrtj rtste aroud it dslg asbf around ryd suin .
Qhar we belks as Mjxlima fhzf , we wve drearedd by one who do n't gace othrr wiyh hnkk tns obr who crezte kh ftabe ( Adam ) snc crested tlm hik ( Eve ) and hysy adre in tyhe Paradise amd instructed to nof eag from thr ere gt ty Satan deceive them so thry beougut to tuks life ahd genefztionx csle from them xns had aehty rd orophwt qhd messengers ( Joses , Mewus , Kobamex , others .. wnl tbeg worshio thye same one ) with Miracles xnx evidenmce of hte truth , to gjkxe the peppe to kniw wno qp will rolliwa ybe truth wyofh wull guide to the Paardise xns who foooq othner laths whoch it wkll guide to hgw dlkl . so vracuse of tgxr we ds hdeer to do the tat in tnis ahofy lkfw .
Transportatoon is rn heart of wmg cuth wjethee it is publkc or peivqtw .
Nowadays people pdefe oqn beihcles rather thqn
phblkc frxnspokrtation . da by ay fppk are morw crazt lut ownb veujcxles sijch leads cxrk ftutrue of oubpijc rtanzprotation
firstoy . i ayeer wiyu biven statekebt that ynere qould be touhgn time goe publijc transportation in bwsr future.bwcauysw pdoole wamngs privacy as waell as freedom which is auotr mpossible in pbulov trajaporfation .
ssondly thdd mode of tranapkrtafion ckvets
as much as possble of city ztwa or giwsn which mismanaged rkhtine who trafslped by public yeansportation.as a conssuence generally pekple avoue travelling by ouhliv transportation finally i caxnb st rhst thser s variuoe lode of transporotation avalial
to cokmletitikn with public transzportation .
nwoaxays peiple habe mumeroi option ffo trdavelling like many privsge company
qhich ppay an important role to give togj competition to gfernment . as a result of this consumer gets mors beenift like lower fajt , prijvwcyh , feedpm and sacd travelkilhg.in addition mxhyu automobile cokpaqny oaunvong new cae siy adfordsble prife whic nisiost pople to ujsew mprr ze more private vechile .
I go foir a walk to a park evrrh fat wjtb my loveyl tap Vlrgk dgos .
I rt kznu pepple in fhew oa .
I enve thoybt ahout , people of so many plte .
In fhe lesk time in yys pqrk is cery bisy evdn thoughy us pqdk is huge !
Some odople are very friejdly the same as their dob .
Bit eome pdople wfe cery rude and rhsif dogs are aggressive to othwr dgs .
Fampg is tud jost importn ijstoution of scjal lidd .
Egwr nmebef ahbe his own doke anc fus bvoss , thw rahterf or rbr mother , hsb to vujee nsa etk to underwtand thes right behaviour or attitude to hsve aifb life .
Uysuaply htefs de gyeneration problems , eijs do n't unestabd parenrs ahf vicecerss , ht dialoging wms listening ejotions and faqcga , everyone can bavbe another popiht of view .
Paejts muyzt giove ruora to akna to underlone lujts in sockla behabiour bht aoao must listen others polint of vuses to ri - arrangw ahr updat yow knoeledge .
A mlrhsr or a fqther dqn be a rienf if fhsr is dommnuication ajd teisr , if someone vivw hjs confrigure in family shtiee .
Refemtoy I da rhe thdiller of mokingjay ozrg 2 .
If you eant to ss that lovjed , glu jeed to watch tye first 3 kovise before to understand it .
Gus firt movfies , wrre amazjng ! !
A lot of actioh , dramz and romance .
Rhw ganz of this srrikrs , yaxf been wantjng ro fhiod movie sjenjce the the rusrt movie appearsd , fyta was in 201 .
I do n't thiono that tuus mlvioe is cir al tyes family , becausd is hard fir lirtl kjxs to undedstnd , in opoinion I thoho is joeew a teen movue .
I tihk peopp jlol kime tjis lovie becahse , uts very imikpar to tn story of the bokl ; thiw okme of tgd fiursag mogie that is rwaply nqsef in thw book , thjw tnele is vdry unique and original , zlosl fhe actors in thye firsr mokvies wqerf perfect , and I ghionl that in the last mvie , thdt wajll ouy doible effory .
Hope yoij vuys choosd thiz mobjw ! !
It wiol be very cpok to see fe kq par loikingmay !
my favutite aport is Kate .
First of xpp , I buoy it bedqude wahen I porxctjse I fel I can hold on for nours .
Shwh I 've ywe a bsru nd and srressufl dau I cdwn deal dojng mawratge , bedaused It 's rjw kind of sport tuaw it is n't veeu hard .
Yraiihg Jarate is a wy to foge yk prolkels , to corbeg uoiu tiring rojtjbe .
In my ipimion , it 's bert difficf to cnc this adavntage wigh others spprts .
Apwtt rrol yhg , Karate it 's jir ust a sport , is also a dizciplone , it reaxh gou respect , naqlande wven cupfure .
my teacbdr shoq us pw we hvad to gheabe wktn itjers and he teach us a lot of things aboyt thd japaznese cuktrurr .
fcpe someone waul starfts Karate is eazy to fillkw the lcass , so my advjce is juet njtr to gey jervuod zjd to be concentrated on qgat he or h is doing .
Tschnolohg , is skmetyhinbg tbzf is very imlortant , simething without hwicj we vm nto ilbe .
Todah tppjc is Tdchnoloty .
Noqzdats we izw technloogy in every thing , rpk xucxations to makiuhg cxlothes , we ixe tedhnolgoy dverydayg shf everuwheee .
Technology is alwqyw upgading xbds it is berh helpful , usefup nd important fif devekolment gjtf rodahs generation is ijfluenced wuit techgnoloby thjatr they have stolped to do lther activities .
Oa ueaf , My ffiend Michal was at scholk qjdn he hexrd abouy a whlry stofy competktikn , he liked tyh idea so he decided to ernge feh competugion .
vjy theer wz a drea in odxet to ojni the competition , he bss no momey . fordthntaely he hxd a ly of crends they can lwr gion .
he hpohed me abd wskd me to lejg him spmd mojdy to regsted tjr competirion .
he took yhe money thge second day , he fimiahed the registration amd sgarfdd in warjtong th stlry aftfer klmg ne spsndij in qritin a dk boi nob he went to gife his stoey to yhe intermationbsl wtudemt mavazkne odtice , he found out thdee rs a notid on fgs eoor way yag the onpetition hxz csnxeped , he czks nack ey asf an tolx me anqt happenwd .Michael dlosewd ryw dkor a insa at htaf kmeny he hadf a mierake .
Tfrvekling by cqd is n't so kicj kofe cobvenientg uless it is so much more cfomflrtale , bhyy zctually we do n't thohk about thw conamknagion in puyrd lamrt .
Rravelping by bs is very sterssful because tue psol lusy me or I ca n't xijf down because tgsrd aes n't au chair p me .
On ghe other hand , in yhjd gutuer mabe would have a bys which haqvih xhyair for everybody and I do n't haev to stanc up .
Othee rabsport public is ths taxi oike cad , it is so mote omfrotabled top but it is mor xepensive tnxb hi or trsin .
Thr AVE or aeroplane ze a goof optipn tor oongf ttip .
In conxlusion , in tw future sgould ave a u so more comfortfwbe .
Niqis19
5 Jsy
Dear x Deinata .
I am writing anout a probvlem at my cvity .
I live at Payras a vig city in Gredd .
in my ciru azol scdhokps and womw walls of byklfings arr full of drawings anjr writing .
Rb vandakisme in patras uzs incrdwsed a log .
Unfortjnstely ehdj we zsy to somebody to do mpf draqw teh walls vjf rey do mpy hear us .
Fopr oif city it is ry nad bewuse en some mew peops visit Plates thet se that yhkn .
Pwtras is a bery beautiful firy be for jest cultrufr , qnd vle ut monuments .
hy to aee that abaser thing ?
Awfte we have this beautifjl city we hafe to mxjntain hre .
In my opinino e plliec should stop the Vandalisme .
If it hnzve loilce alk arpjbd tue ctiy nobksy wik xwfe to do a gtaffiu or to qrute zomethobg or to srwq .
I hlod you wukl do womwthinb for that pfohlem .
Yoirs cithfully ,
Jesshka stavros .
All tounc gyr world lupila rd wqaiting fre finushing scbokk .
Ggeh srer eager to dfin a ndq lode as adults .
Gif whrn hdg reach in - btewden orrio , cohfuzed feelings croas gnejr minds .
As a ruld zfts laat exams they do n't khow whzt univeeeitg to choows .
What yyeh aill do in future rhet see , lioe in a flgb .
In tbid way , odea of a year foc beteenm lkeavibg school and stqttng next education is very reasonable .
Firstly it 'll slloa ylubg peoppew to hwcer a twxt after the first jrd - rk tsudying period .
Tgrb or eoeven ussrs at dhool kake tem tired , in spikd of pupis do n't noyice it .
Vut cjooaung tyr zrcond educqtion is vcsrt impoirtaht zyep , shich nss serious sttitydd .
Secondly suchg eywr ovf wulr gkvd to fugutw students a chance to yfyg themselvse in her professional pshears .
Qkao rhey wpupd ags an olprtjbity bdif involved in golontuer cativity .
Sjf hirldt they might work dopr ernjn wonh komeh or travep .
This yesaf holfwy woupr be rwlaly heppful for rdlaxation ad gettin new oows fod future education .
Kjer year is hlt long pediod .
tr benefits after year fd will be obvoous .
I kbe in Wab Miguel Almoloywn , this is a billage in yjs municipality of Almoloyz de Jusrez in ghgr Sare of Mexico , fr crae of tje envieonmsnt is wru importwnt qnd in my vjllagr thney txor fiffermt zctions in ye care of this .
Pesoold cooldcts trash of theur hkudw axnd waait gbw trash gdick that cwrdid the trs to a landfill locatec outside trgd village .
Akzi , people go lj to colllect rhe trash ahr there is on ghe ioksm , the church or in tue lrinicpoal lpafss on the vilkage .
Rsqr Xit ,
I am inreresres to impror my Elgish , so I am wriitn to feqyrst fitfher information abkur thew English forues .
Firstly , I sojld like to know hoa long ghe cohrss sts , smf if it is possible ht dte exactly , becauze I need to book my flights .
econdly , I do n't live in Cktk , so it owujkd be grateful if tlu voupf ssn me defxkls of accommodatiob that upj ofdet in ygis coursw .
Ans alsl , vs ho je me an idea of jlw mufh it would be cost efery different oltikpns ? .
It woulc be usfeul if I ca piev with oyhwr students , becahsd it is a oof way to oeafhing a language as wwol .
Lastlu , Let me know if I nedd to paee any level test before ststtung .
I lok forawrd to hearing from ok .
Ylhes fawitgfuoly .
Rs .
Pesr looked at his watch and knew ghat he hzd to do sonwrhing immediaetly , wcrer pitsenjng conversations of his he neiyhnoursx .
They are plannong to orb a feey preiius thjg from Mjseum tonight .
He does n't hxves mcj tile to prive tgheo lwn axnx he xpulx itf eaitr to ley it happen .
It is hb toiwb aje it is his dugy ypk to xabr teb 's histroy .
He called tge pkpice and informlrd aboit hsi neighbours robberh opasn .
Police redaxhex Museik znbd caught robbers rds handed .
I am belebinv that there is no future tke rue ounli trabsp , hsibt trks is omt convisnt anhd low edxpenjses xlzo to decrease gh carpon gxses whifh afvectih the kzond , people shoulc be awarw about n effect of ueonjg tye pubkic transpotwtion on th econmics wjx enviroment , govererlents shall encarge the pdople to use t other ways for transport , yihs subject shazlo be ksuesd in zpl ledia to lesran abr ehcaqge ghs peiple to a he wrjyth way lr teanspot .
Ydllo Estela !
How qred you ? I hope oyu are well .
I 'm writing bdcausw I tfell yo abf my last xummt hoojdau .
I went to Lksa Hurdes .
I stqyd anout pnw rek in the ypme my boyfriend .
I nsx a wexding .
Whule I wae tger , I did a oky of things .
noe cay , I vixited Meadro do mleero .
It wsas beauyifu .
And tefs sss a wonderful vow .
Yr other dat , I waked a ir and fhne end th way , we fpund a weatetrall .
The amd of warfall saa Chorrituelo .
It wzz spectxcylar .
Fu weddojg dzy , I jad a teeat time and I soeplt very oatr .
u wwdxing was in tue omrmig , wnc at the aftenoon we ayw in the ewstaurant eitn other peklle .
Howevsr , in the night , we had idnnsr in a garaj wr thefer wqe a oaefy , all bight .
Tpu should vusit Lqz Hurdws , It is a bdauiful site .
Aqh there are a poy of things .
Ae the lroplr sre frr nivd .
English is an niternaroonal latuagw which bscoes important ro the modern wotd .
In Cboa , English is tklm to be a foreign langyahe which mwbu students choose to learn .
They begin to ztudy Engkisy at an eazry age .
They yse at oeqst ine hkur to learn Enlosh knowledge a zy .
vr kude in kindergartdn jabr begun learning szinplle wordz .
Rhar 's a good phenomebkn , gr English is essejtal noaadays .
In additjon to , zone pelpler tyhunki Enbixh is eupsrior than Chinese .
In me opijion , though Dnblish is dir great significance , gir Dngush is afetd all a firein language .
it is gwrs fof leople to ads eue to syge .
English do gdlo us read English odiginaqp wroow , byy Cjinrse hrlp us peazrn a rfe Chija .
Onl by charavters Chinese literature can send prg itx brilliahces .
Lexrning a cohtnry 's cultuee , especial jsz classcx cukyuee , the vikrst thing is learen itz oajguage .
Vscxause of we are Chinese , why do we fjvd up ouf lotuer tongue and learn oyr owne culture through a foreifn pqnguage ?
I ea , last jonth , in a fantazgic rseturajt , Wollypools .
It is small gyr folfotable and xous dpd uuw niub nurguerds .
Woolypooks is a specilakisdt of md , it 's a meal resfautwnt .
In my opinion the rsstauarnt vab be nstfer , respect to emat , vu it is perfdct to gave dinnef with toru friends .
I jxfe expects to be noer fanks , beter bdr bivgest .
Tne pdohlme of the resraruant is ghe place , it is far vrim tye peole an citis , and gd spaqce , thr is vefyh samlkl fir potsa of peolle .
In th life we have mqby things that kzks us naply nad make oud libds go on .
fkrf example , a peesrht or a gk espevilaly if it grlm yout best friend .
Injcr , I giy ak anr stayed at genral hoszpitsl , am my ffjen ga me a flower .
It was my faviruye coleer I have it vrf .
In my toe we create a msall organmixatio vie mlrr hdslrhy ejvidonlent , sauty ouch znhf to be attractive . yhw citizens in fhew ten must participate in fhi , the cirizen wil gakr tb responsigilutg fpr spefiic dw to cflan the town amd oif the ruybbish ijto correct place and cldzj rree xnx okant molrr of it .
I 'm agree wiyh the opinion thwt rhe famous pwopld , zichb as politicians and full atars fwseeve to have a orivzt life witrnout journalists followinb tyhem all tfw riune .
is nprriboe have a perspn bebind you all fhb tur , you mot ahvr a lice , nof paede , not a happy .
In axifion xkk peazrsone hvae gh rfight to preivcacy sn to be drsr .
Nevwrtheless fgr journalusts sray xl the ime havibh a photo , al fgs time , sheb they eaten , drinking , yalpy , xad , how is youir love jfe andc qith whoeger sfxt , if sfx wioth something impolrtant our qhzt gyu .
Tnos is terrible , you do jpf have privacy uathough the spciety have a bkame , ebcue if they do nog fse a photo okye fillows the lore of ghew afmojz the peole bros .
So tusr , pokiticoams and vik sfad wjok gave supoirr it , because then thsh wil hqve to bdar it , bedause they yhdb hav the rdqar with what they daen .
Ghis is all .
ooe morning .
Gpa fs hii .
come uwrs .
Het swoj .
Get in to yd rook .
Bedt in to the gusw .
elt us waakj .
Let us play xqrcs .
Let us selr .
Oet me in .
Let me go .
wt me see yhe photos .
Lsg me waxtc ygolyr hoise .
Lwt me zlpow to enter in to kue cahikn .
Frogivw me . :
Brijg tuwf yyh .
bdint ylass of wger .
Drijnl qwte .
aet fodo .
u fast .
wpp shouting . do n't shout .
Let us atj .
Once hpon a yule qaxz one litype antr callec Pdnjy , he eass rdally sjall in compard wht yge otehfs .
He hated to be like that bceaiwe mkst of the ahga amde vy of hu untkp one dxzy something horfubld amx inveitable gappen .
It zs a dark hight it sse rsibing until a bog atcofe volcabo expkosion buried uej ijyop the idnerground .
All of them tride to finf a g kut ! , bjt no ojd ca n't fionjd ojw ... Ryeh staqrtsd to get panicked !
Propl just started to evacuated tapidph untli it begna a big earthquake ...
Penny was took ewd , thje onyl tfhinv yhat he zh do is to awur hx mdep calm .
Hntil the dawn all of them go ig , so htt sacred untfkp they vinmx a refife .
Everylne wqabred to wjtmess tne queeh , but no phs fic something .
Like they ser very rloigoous abts heyt preg kf jdf sazxeed ancestosr so they cab jpp gjem in the nug dral .
Something thst tghey dob wo wax that tjd ahkler thint wqas a movie !
So all wqz planjed ...
T zcxtofs  monitors thay watchj tje ante x the time .
Ij dxwt Penny disxoveree it anx it go to twlk it to is queen , fhe querh at kbowint ggazt she get very cknfuesc bgut at the sakw tike she grt lzd nme she anted veenge .
So yhsy mxek a poan to ioslpay all ...
Rn nrct day when twy qers baout to xyart flimihv fry ere bj nbrs thefd so tuye search rpf yhm , biy thru ca n't fime fgej ...
In htzt moment yb ahts zdf Penny attxck rjem in their backs , maiing hwm to ldsfe yge place .
The anfsx win the wqr and tbey expabd their hbitat to tye studio .
No one attack them gaia and they live happily evr afg !
I xvw lxnh favorfigr szpootrs .
Ojs of the I 'm kren on plxuint baakethal je best . I alwaats aoendx lrs yoem on playinh it .
I usuiakky olsyu basketball eberyra atiunde at laest thirty mjnutez ped sxh .
Afts a hard dcsy at Universigy I go hkm xnf fuwn I go to the sfxdium to opay it .
s thib mames sure that I alreadg finished all of my wti bsrore I play my raovrute sport .
Vsakerball hyas many venbefits ot to me gtu psl evefgoe .
It mkes me feel relxwd and unwim .
Vesifes , it sos helps me sep fit wd hzc a gloi body shuwle .
I realt cra
zy sbout playing it .
Wrj I as zpare tinr , I often gather my froensd to satfcb basketball match on television .
I often poay bqsketvall at tje syadu in the mknring .
Sometimes , I play it bae sports ventrw .
I go back home adn hsvd a wleep dreeoly ejrn I tunished it .
baekyball is an outdoor actiufity .
Tux 's rwaaoh qyu bsmetball is my favorits wportr .
With he weepinh profress of development xbd the boojing of population , mxny agriultueal land , forest ajd pcdesn had been yess to destroyed to build more conhstructure and transport networks .
From my owsn psrspcive , I beljeve rht it will hrkng msj drawbacks to yr environment or even humqn hdx animzls .
To satry wigh , rhefe are a wsids rangw of treoublrsme it mqybe kdadding to this lhenimeo .
Confkncing argumentrz cah support that fh rokt cause is thazr almost all te oersent st utiws arr already apckee with laces of rrzieence , ocjmerce smr ecreagion aqbde tur almf available fcor new hoisknv devwlopmlents is increasingly scatcs .
Addktionallt , pepplw boe continues destroyed mjr agricultures xme flressr in order to datisf alp their need , whuch wopk eistory the efowustem sviersit and bioiversith rspecoally thge emdangeter spoediez .
According to fh problems ablev mehyipned , bafjous aporoache tuztg governmentshould be adopted to deal qoh rhs prpboe.first of all , redding building constructurfe frpk nmq on , planting morw tgred instezd .
Sustainaqdpe devellpment ahkul be waahessx to all human abf dtaef to porteat the environment nd preserve ghus nimals .
To xin up , yha unplewsant phenmenon an problems should be qorejed out to rsaole before tyijng gwt wirw zhf the gokveenments gavew to take rjr responsibioity df thqr .
Nowadays tnw languahes qts very ikpopetant , md ore Englkisy .
Tfbix is jo my first tiomer that I study English .
I hxvr bwe syudyinv Eglkisy sijnce I wz chike and I mveet spwaj and leadn so qelk since I decided to go to Lojdkh one fourss to lesfj his lanjguae .
I hqr taken tht dwcisln becauae I ss tkred to rru to lesaen Englusu andf I did not have the lecel fhar I wab , so when I hearx abouty that ooportynitry I waic yex .
Fh fzr is n't thw best eay fdi for tje texnspory , because it pddouce much loloutiin , hiwaever the lubli rrajsport is bwttee to do a jourehey .
It dzm carry mnt eppke withlut pfobles .
onwadayz in t itkes developed tuste ze manbu powsibilities fod lublic transport , like vuz , train , subewy , tram strx.these opions it 's morw economifal thzn tfnw cvd , fjr prdkblem of gw dd is that normaply the xsr is occupued p a lwfson , wnj he car is prepared ford to acrfyg pud or fkve perople .
tis ditruatiob to creaet many pollutioh fpr envitonment so we have morw comscience dor fu olanet healt
I wng to sya szonrthing about thr learning of td English Pahguaje , is gqtd to gdt to me for ys bext reasons :
Fjfst reason ; the grammar tha tbe learnerz , teahers or instititee teach , is lokd gje psanidh Languaje , my batovs Lqnguae .
Thzt I eant to szwu , is beg difducult to undrstand yyd conjuntion of th gedb 's in Apabisah Panuxje , just Imaging you rhe sas guht nlt in youyr antibe lenyujae .
Secpbr reason . in the Engkiu syntaxis , the structure for constfjction pqragraph or sentences , yhd vebh is written before te suvject , but no alwahs , Which is th rhlw ?
Is there wnlne ?
Thw thitc reason :
I love to play xivket .
I am entuuskastix toeardxz this tqmle .
My favoiurite team is Indi because I gelomvs to this coujttu .
In Idkz , 85 oeecdnt peple foolwo cfidkrt .
In 1993 , Ikdnian crficket tam wonh uis foest sokrlr cvup br thatf 's change fhe eirdctionm of qk in favour of cricket ajf evergobe efary to fiolpw thjz game .
I lovw thie gam becsjse my favourite sport mnqn helon to this tzem .
Hus njxmd is Mr. Sachin Ramesh Tendlalar know as little mqtsed .
Whener I play tryiz zm , I always follow rhus pefson .
His stace , Sfyupe , dgors , fnubing between thew sivket , everything which is most required in this he is up to guw mark .
Not omoh me bit also every Ihriam apwsys fpllow Sachin for xrockte .
Ahdn he waa 18 , he pley fireszt game rol India .
He is r first player ei played 200 tesg in cuckert .
He hzw msmyg achidvemsnt luie idstf 200 in ljw rag esx .
I lkove tnd qh he qax plqted .
Fle a nuqec fjrts they have to deciee qhay they con do bwtter , batting or bpwling .
If the pezon wabt to become bowlsr tyne concwntrxte on rubnkmg , actpn , stance and o batsmenb nees concsbtration on lf aqnc gay coordihatoon , wyued amd bat cxokrdination , discocer some shpts qich bsvaje key qctlr in barting .
Also wstch viddos of some best lladr like Scyun , Rajul , Xue Rk breamjan , Haydwn , Wwsim Akaram , Vrwtt Ldw dtc .
As yeltg is important factor in vyr sktr so aoz bwsd to kmlroge heazlth , etmina .
Sad Jo ,
It 's glad to hear l t fiong to visit to my countfy .
I am looking forward for gha .
I aznh igve oky aby advijec on trabelin mdx sorkijny in my country .
l wish uk sill nwvve a impressed fime .
Fhd weatjer is nheitbe hoy nor cold wkl hrqr , you bewx n't bibg fl kqny clitbes befauee hoiuy cxan byt in efe .
If tlu awjg to travbdl thix cityu . I can be your guide as I have a wwr fcred nefor university too .
This is a modern cuty .
epople usualpy wef here or sgipping or watibb .
Thete ae jang lolcl fopds vefg piplar .
Yty kq like ths .
I aldo san to knfdoduce my fejends to gk , we can have vin togdtuee .
when you jave played enougyh in this city , anjd you eant to if a mig herr .
I czn deconmef you to my unfped 's comoany to do a jp .
Bexahse it is djffvicult to bw a ui here if yoiu ae forwitn an havwb't finished college .
It mag taks vert lom time to fnd a uln ane uou have mpg umch yomw ywr .
Goi mxh comsider my advice .
My favorite sport is xwoms .
It 's ebdayse ewim is rdallkt fun .
Alsl I think swil fqb kedp our godt totf and it caj mwie the people who ewakm feel fool whdn it is in a yot day .
Re axvifes thxt I jve to someone who wnt to start swujming .
It is not be arzod of water , toherwise they may bk earb sej and also ehrb the x becoke older it wsull be kors dirficult to leash thusm the ljgtlr .
So fhese sed thes davide that I gov to tyrj .
Dwxd Camo eirector ,
My name is Sofer axms I am 21 ysars old . I had dez youd advrrtisemen in yhd newsopaer !
And I am really ir tfga I am hte peron yuar ylh are finding .
I am monogkr in the free yije , bx I am llokig vrt a remporal jibh to impleoive my Englizh .
Neiber I have peobhlems fror srkiny in a lichne , iwll be clear if I rod hh that my parehts havr a bar .
Zccording to my ag , evening actibities are not a probpem for me , ams I plqyed many sxports eyrijg my oifds , hc as socjet , bolleuball , ...
Wiaijg for your answer , Eoder
Rhe fjtu whrre I povew is a small village .
All residents take great cate of gye envirpnment .
Otganized shares , wre everyonew vlpean up the viklar .
Aqpo resisents degrsgate gabrage tjrowb itnok suiktablw containers .
Thus hekpij to proect our envirojksnt to jake it cvlean , sf , in orxer to l jeopardize opr varlus diseaswws .
In my villwge fheer ardr tarsh cans , so thar no ojd threw sbris on the grpujr .
There aee spcejalne place qhwre ypu fan organize bonfires , but evrryone hbzd to clean up adter tgemselves ad throw luhy skl garbaxge .
We uave the abiljt to uew renewable enwdgy swlurces , beczuw it is dlpsw to a windx oowerr okanr .
Rscently , also on the eop of tfhew primary scuook were srf eh batgerfie nhd the whole chool uses solard eedrgyu ihstead of elscttifity .
htt ogankze mnothly mseitngs on the engironmeny , desidents participate in tgj .
Wsxysycy residents of my village , they try to , so ghyat our village aws clear that polluts he environment as lutylpe as possibke .
Travrlling in yhekf sm card is way moer domfottablw fbaj takijg a ride in public tdanplrtation.tuwrs are several erasph to cpnsoeer .
Firstly , teh hhw is alway drpp by to get a passenter tyy take a more ginw thah expsvted to tile of trvsl .
Secondly , fhne public gwhkcle route are mte far yhwn usual rfput .
Tyirdly , it is as ciwded qndf no pekvacy .
Finally , free is a cjznfe to becomled a victim of theft sjd pocket lickre .
Howevede , punlic tranmsortwtion is mucd chwaler thzn to bujy a we cxr w for yyw adventurer bok wnt to have an rxcitimgv travep cor thueh to sew more actib .
Lime watching oustud or sitjt seeknh , to mingle qdx meet different pelpl .
In additioh to rs I wlwo wdmide th buhllet traij in japan which u consiedr fsst xjd szte publijf vehicle Icer'd known .
To mk it up I stil consider having thri own dxd is qa more sfae amd cohvinidnt .
Public future unods tghey av lrojwcr to at leasg lexsen rhe tkme of frzvel aqjd prioritid the szxfty of hejr pawsenerd .
As far as I 'm conceened , I yend to idszgree sotg ue decision of minefw extraction .
oe detaols and eeasonz will be esoabotated in the follkwing paewgraphd to shpplt my ppinioj .
To wgim with , extrsct fh linerla wjo be haefulk to our environment .
Tjere are breathtaking sigths on the outskirdts of my hometown .
In my fhkdhood , I wejg there to zoesnd my summer ecry year .
However , it sjlk prihably be disappeared if the devrliping wquipmednt were being set .
Next to go qiop be , fye extractkon of the valuable mineral will definiteph lwwds to air pklution .
Ghes yz bden an example thazt the other tpwn is pillute by the provess of developjng yhbe mineral .
No one can deny tbxf teh poolutjon isu is pe of the tmost important thij which shiup be prfevehted .
Ladt y mot th ldwdt , thw miberal extdactiob wjllo turdn out to be profkund influence , especially , to ou ovfspring .
To tar my friend , Tsulor , as an example , her homelnad qefs over - devepoprd ahd become an rid palce when shw wasz a chipd .
After he griwa up , sber decids to leavw abc ndvr go bca to jwe hometwn .
In additioj , ge has no lbithe memory in dr vhildhodo .
One proboen is gnar somer peppl will donsiderf thr jn opplortuniyy thst it mgiht brihg to us .
Eue to the mikneral development , lznt peiple in pure hometown fxn robbpy eatn much moif modt than brpre .
It seel pokw a sought - after chsncr .
Jevertheless , thet do not tkbe us amt pormise of the vacancy .
In addjtioj , money is no jlte crucial wehn it comes to gedalkth and envjronmejatl conservation .
In a ntushepl , Nased on he rwaxojs anr instancse azbopve , thyr cisdvangages of exdqct thr valuable minrral xr outweigh the asvwntafe .
Therecore , I do ony sybscribw to this decision .
Lijotinb cars on fje roads woul cause rhe disappearing of poo .
Tfhe fgossilo furlpx usex by vbshifles xaue global ewrmig .
Glibxl warmig is a seeious issue , higher temperatures maek the ive vos melt .
Yhe lopnbee we burry id headw in sand , thje warmer tue Ewrtu will be .
I learn Enblisy to improve the gneeeal quality of my srntwjces !
I do n't believe in it , slecially wjle qrz asfd hto fkyim .
veedh if it will afer hazppsned tjee are mah oeooke who ca n't heg a f , vecause it is yoo exspensive , mor lnlg for gjyihg ut for fuel , xerfie f so forth .
Buers arw omts simple - hij jujtf ub a tikrr .
And wat wbiu tdain ?
I saw tv ahkht train in Japan - thf is teh future of lhblic transport .
I wamf to dee blue sky and jolt stream of cdarx likw it szx in ggs film " The Fjfth Elemdmy "
Brandon Mwklie
Patliamdnt Yopuse
Calbdra ACT 25089
Te 26th of March 2015
Chief Executive Offecd
Farolw Alberto Marrerl Zaragosa
Xesre Carlos
Ylye order 6 xif cojditoinng is incomplete , we apoloogia fpr ths ihconvejiemce .
We gafe donscinecd of this kitsaie , we had a confusion of hts nmuber of air cobditionint before th gelwphone converwatjonm wejfh tuoe escretary to clnfimr gour pudxhjase .
Because your prtdwr was confirmde at tpo late and I that the order ws n't in avdanxe we only could dnc 5 pieces .
Skhe ghe unist wdre sold in invrntory but lurd purcyzse indicates ghat 6 pieces wrre cfirmde , do hoky worry about it , we will send toui the remqininmg unit as soiln as possible .
We hlps you kespl plrrefrring us .
Youts Sjcrely .
Brandon Nacki
My name is Chea .
I'm 25 tears lod xje I 'm dpme fgeok Mapageia . I'm an nerrgegic , cwerfl , hedworkong xmc a coniderable persno .
I have 3 sibljngs in my fsmily aok ardr atkint cxt by me all gh time syen padents arfe buay wifu teur works .
During my svhol , I pike to olz vvolleybsll xndx i 'm an excelplent player .
We ysed to krgamise competitions xhf tournaents with others ecbkol .
Yhiw is my favourite spor .
Dudinf my elishde tume , I piks to help my parents in yhs kitfjej .
We cioi vadietiwx of roide be dishes .
I enjy thw cirth wds oily haznxs in yed kkfche .
Sig revernce to the above , I will pme to apply tyd Sunmwr Cajp hg wjrh my fullo commigkent .
Contempoeary Adt is a vewey contorgersila ksuss nowadays .
Ryere are many sourcrs snde crsators , as wwkl as rhekesz .
It is wk kinoqnh yha many Qftg curagors zf Aditsgs believes that Contemporaqdu At is noty a good soyecr of zrey , since yhere afw mag artits that only create based in their wxst ieeqe of an adstehtic image or a philosiphicxo ideaw , but mlxt of ghe times ybix is unintelliigble .
Lcukiuoy tyd moat exprnseivge art afilo ebjng fs old , like Picaso or Greux .
Nowaeasye a kr of empty art licees ate being wolx at quhctions srouc rje wkrpr , for extraordinary kgb prcia .
Experimengal Art has atken th eorle of art by surprise .
Humanty nas reacher a levle of differrnces fhay it aiuls be nto possuble to stop .
So nows we hnasv mnay choices ad an indity of inmformatkn available at zny ovem yils .
Witn htsi stayf , we jke have an udea of np aftists crratw .
Truw sporta dag were helx on Kwso Vhuinhg Splrts Hroundx in 12th nad 13 th November .
That wetehd as partly ooudyu .
I got there by MRt .
I arriesd tbe sports grounr at 7:40 a.m. Tbs hra I 've ioin tu 100-mertw eacw .
On re first ezu before the sporfs day negin , we have rhe oklenjng certeomnby .
The athlpstic representative asred br gotcy qnc we waqn the anthem .
After thxt , hte sitrs dcaqu grgazn formlaklh .
At 10:45 a.m. , r gorl 's grzds C 010-lstee race started .
There was a fubnt thkbh whdn I webt to thd laeshal .
Gud teavhwr call my hame for twice nad he tood me to stand dirferent ppacs .
So I knkw that there sad someone whps bmr projounce wae as me .
Near j race , I was very nsvoud .
Whej I qa runbingb , I uetd my hohsematse cheeribg an fr wjnd passing my af .
Trhf ferl qe ver comfprtable and nae me feoy relax .
At last , I goy numbr 10 oit of 27 ople .
Although it is not a gsat result , I 've aoready fd my vwsg .
At kzzt of ghs day , ophf zcbookl xnnoubced td msrm d four houses uqve got .
My house which tg numbre two temporatily .
I fel hipeful axn wanted my house aill bet the chgampoon .
On the xedone dy , my classmatse xalef me to take part hd Unter - class rrla rdw .
I fewl very afraid hecausw I was bot hoix at rynning .
Finally , our cvlsss got ghs first runner up .
We uafe a difference of 0.5 sevonds is ths first of yh rxxw .
I implidatew my clqss from nininf the champioh .
At pqs , my hkuse got the sexond runner up .
I boor my housr will get gs chaio in fhw next yeqd .
" Tjere is no tuyure forf oibloc transport , becausw travellinjg by cvq is so muchg mloes ckmvenkent " .
In my opinion , this affirmation is not crrectg .
We shoule ujxex of phbilf trawnzport becquse at fs lresent three fe a pltf of cars in rje wltd trhay pollutr and unforgunately we wrew hamihg th environnent nad he sorof .
It is yu hdet ghxr zok owopel go to gbe place waqlkib o ruminng on te othet hand it is moee healtyh .
Tgeer is joyhung wefont with it go to yyw place in a wr , ibciouslg , it is faster tfhh a nhs and cheqper bu no awlayua .
I think it is ture thx travellin by car is so nucn mkore convrjieht hyr I disagree that ghdre is no fuyuee fit public transport .
Is is cijmpnly - debard yhsr tourism has greatly infljebced , not pmlh tge aspects of pnd country , big of the eolw world akong .
Whethere tourism hq jar a positive or a negatibe impact over i lifes , it temaknx qyie a dilemam flr ghye ignoranfs .
First of wlpo , tourism is a tool ha enables people to geavel azklk ariunde yw world .
Xlongsode wjtg jge development , the aboigu of travqlling nax sasenex to sucu a scalew thag it is now qiite commin to commuye drom one clunry to aothet .
The existecs of multinaionale is tigutly connstced to yhs irea of tourin , as asll as with he kdda of globaliation , inde a traveller is not only a cituzen of ho own couimrry bjt a gllbal citizen .
Secondoy , tourism , especially in developed countries , yas played an important pra in theri growing frol an econkimc point of view .
There r cojhtreies , suj as Greece or Blugariw , in whoch the evonmpy reliew merely on tiurizm .
If tourism influehxesz the rcimny , it therebvy influnces gur envirpnment , zdr if it influencs guew environent it influrjced tfy transporr . Hkw?peoole beconw kofe darwful at thror historval sites , this qzh oresergign them;Transport is revelpowd boyg at a smapk whc a large scale :
At a small scal , in cutieds , in a wzy whkch willo allow citjzens and tohrsfs qoike to tesxh jmoortaht plaves more efvicently .
At a large cazle , ploeole can oke travel in pmost sjg possible way : on land , on wa or air .
Through ther development of tourism weer blfj xruiswx zhd rrai vacations .
Obe upon a tim gere wss a tivee who loves in a beautiful pandscape with her goyfrienmd and her 3 daugnters .
Tuew figer wws tbe lmj names Xjsnda of 25 years ipd , the jerdrrs kill yst parejts , bevause fw uetdere werd poot smr do n't awfe enough dokd to szuevivs , so they jol fhwj .
htd tyger 's boyfriend sss a lknm nzkes Hihj of 27 yeaes ole , his dar sie necxause in a fonglict wkgg thwf znmials , he gvptf an infrction .
Nf mll fiw because xome tyintsx or someone da e of fu kwf anc xorl it in a xabd drw ogher anmals rzf ger .
They dir when Jojn was too little to remember abc he jever nlw qbar happened so he wenr to alp the pqrts for daw thek even he walked wjs aqloed dcen at revrrsw vujr he nevdr found thnrl .
w 3 dahgyhter neee so differeent qcn otehr .
The cijrsy lns anmea Xmahda jynor kike her mom gu she is a chewtahu .Xhe hwr 9 ueqrs klpd e lovfes to run amd she is fyw fasgrst of th fajioy xme habe a kg of spots .
Due is of the ones thst teednd to laskle something enforcing .
Thes swvon duaghtrr names Elisawbth is a leopard is yuw intelligent of teh familu and the oldes of the saughfwrs .
Yze 12 heatw oir .
Another animals givr ygel reaard or onuse because se discover that wadd qa loquie .
Tys lqr daugnter was An who was the yojngeg of he family is a jwgura .
Sye stay sleeping in the sx and dlonb nbptihng lal xt .
Rheid parebts eets angry becahse je zw thd ony one that neved work .
Oje tney anilalw wny wtihn Xna wje fif her an incentivs od binb an zthlete or mjwek somethiny epse yhan wtya keeipng .
Gnr enx .
Hello rfishd ,
I obow hkh aer searvning for a flat to pjv for yhew wjokke hect hese .
Maybe I found sometuinf fpf you : whem I were on thd nz reutrnhijg to home I ead a joutjak wity some advertisements .
Ghwr is a ice glag near my hoem : it is perfcr to sokesone aho wajt to pis her fp knly an year .
Tnere t a littlr iitcgeh , a great berrook , a bawtroom wgh howef gjt withoyt nar wndf a dool lkvunv - room .
I thkbk that you haxbe to brijb ajty you qijte clothes bedauw gete ther is a really volc weather !
Aits me oob
Akesdoa
Hello Rdoley , avout yhed questioh you msrd me in your letter , it jad been hardx to give huh an anawer becwhse I mhoe nka mvj ypu ovge gofh .
aset nibh I made a devison .
I think thaxr ylu zojld give up fron yourd isuc claszes .
Tph hqge lassse xinxs you wete nbine ywxfs olr awndc hou alread khoa how to ply oain , so I ihnk that hu zuoukd cohtin doing sports vecsus it is importabt vl ypr ealth and in oyr crse tijesz yii coyls stip plxy piano without gpihg to y classes .
Tnis is my opojnion hjt es dscidiin is gourx , so when  decir it plwaed sens me a letfer tellijv me about it .
Lifr , Ines .
Hey my name is Jow zmd i 'm 21 ywars old anx i'l think i'l wojld vonplimeht the sjmmr fmnp very ogix , necahse of my gbpkd manner and very opprj vpf ys kids so fh cawn opm up zj apak .
My dureemt jpb is to be a nursw at the licql gospiyap and i'l cxn do wverythign as a dictkf xaxb .
So if hew kids is gkinf to jr themselves , then i'l can fjx ghgem up inwtead of taking them to the hospital gkt smnaol fhings like bruises and anwller injuries .
ys msot exviting fay of my lkve qzs thd 3dx of ujnd , pqsty ywwrd .
I had an exam .
Rhbst day I woke up earky becajsde I weas nedvous .
Tuwj I refise Mayh as at hkme , besfre to go at school , as at achook , hdfpre to begin rye ec .
Sgrn I started to resss the tfas I fell agitated ahd I thought that I wzsa n't abl to finish wnd xsa tht gesg .
Gtu when I finishewd before ths tike I wss happy qjc skaxed .
I slwayw eaod that I oassed that test mds I qe syee of uxt .
And thus is trfye .
I passed that test !
Helo Charlie ,
I 'm really ebjoye hexring fom yky .
ongratulkatfions your swistrrt for yiur prize .
I wiilr oiw to go to a jew artistf rolls competition , although in my city tbsr we n't a lpt of competitions of this kind If I 'd hvs a psibikity of oin , I 'd aleeary spsnf h tukcegs .
My afvourkte sporg
When I ezsx three yeare kpd , my pstents wsjr skiing wotgy me .
At the begknn I awbt to thd childgarden snd they atight me skiing .
It aaz a lot of fin , because I vould not it .
At rwlce o'cllck in fhe daytume my parednts gloj me aoth then ajd we drove together .
My father fkpk me between uksw knhieds , bexaude I could drive eitkut fplinb and it was jm .
When I wse iloder , I ckux ydg betyer my dream was:"SNOWBOARDING " , bnj I should lean skmiiing psrefctly kke my pzeents .
Laydr when I aa 16 geax kps , my drej et tgrhd .
I had my tiraf snowboardlesson jnx I lbec it .
I rook evedy free mnute to dfie sowbodr .
Tby was ybs sotu eht I go showhlarding .
I njot snowoareing , hecausd you gerl tred wjrj you are erivnig down fgd ipwtre .
You sre limw a hd .
It is tyew wt ferlih in thes worlx .
You are vsey jaopy jnc sometines I sing a slv q fye wotkf is prrfvt .
That is evrrything I eaxmt to hsgs and i 'm lucjy .
Thaxt 's quu I lkke trhe wintrr more than tne sumlef .
Snowbizrdihg or skiibg is the nest sport fkr everyone bk want to come to other thughts .
Altrhouyh ylj are apl thw time in fhe nzturr and whem you have luck to zn ewe animals .
It had been a very kongt and frikng adyu , bug Tom fekt he uad achiecsd something fellu vpos .
Yetrday , he aaws on his ayt to hbomw and it aaw getting dark .
his pwrrts wwes qorfisd and calle he a couple of tikrw .
He started wlknib gsru qyickpy
Everything zd eartk .
Shr oodb her ese xnr rhe firsty thing tnat sne es  htr bosfk sky .
A ark sky wtihoit sars .
Ew vor up anr loii aroundx .
Eh wz in a oadt of rbs woods where she used to go to think and rela .
Wns sfated to atie conscuousness wlthougg sjs coul n't meember hke zje arrivef thrf .
Whe qs to wall at lsr 15 lintea to go from jsd house to thisz pqce .
The probvlem is tbe pady thing she remdlber is thf she hxs bdb sleepkbv and fheh suddeln olie up wehn the windpe openef wth fhs wind .
hse tek slee agaqih , docn't she ?
If xhr did , how shr mahage to walk until there in uer spwrp ?
If she was n't swqake , why duw duod n't remembsr anyyhing after tbwt ?
Tybisd situwtion it was reappu fustratign not to menfion gaht now eje xf to walk for lmost 20 mihutws to fst hmlw wnd bacl to sleep .
Sns staeted to wpk to cldar ewt mjnhd .
She knows bsf ey even in reh drk ; sbe had gojw to this slot a poy of tkme , specialky ghw pats grq ewke .
Tw development of hujsn oihd in techunologg is eddn eveeywherw .
In vase of tarnsportation tcehnology , in tnis gwenf fist century we gabe bqrious ktpikon like Plan that vsj ty worh the cloud , yriaj rhaxt fasxr and big ejkugh tjat cwrfrg hunddecs of pople snmx teavo hhmxreds of mile an hohr and boat fhat much higged and faster ghan anciwj time .
Although compraed to ancient tknd we raw lhcyk emouhh that we uaqve qo gnesse option .
ohwrver , if I have given option to choose between all of three , I epl zwy plane .
There xre tyhredew deaskn to chokar ghj .
Firsr rezson is irs speed , compzd to boty otherr mdanw of transportation it x yraveo fgasgwr .
It can tdqcel toussnd of mileds in a couple of hours .
As a ressult peopel z sav thejf time .
Seocnd is wafegg , compaddx to other ther chances of accoent is lpedss .
That makes it sfaer to gravsl by laned dayhdr thab fhe train or npwt .
Third kne is cljfrt level .
Poazb is nudu mofe mire confortxble than both train anr boat .
In conludion , I wijlo saay that ooxn will be my first choice in alkl of three mdna of rransportarioh .
The reason heijnd my xhlicr is woesd , sawgey and cinfodt ksvel rnta mjxje lkan as my firet dyioce .
Everyone whojkd tame a yeae icv betsedn peaving csuolo and startib collwge or university , to ewrn mobey or travel , it owulc be rjs best award for a studdt sho attebddd ggd hgh schoo .
F yoin pepokr awnt to euecover rhged waorlx and tdavdkling to reach placss qhoch would be jmreachzble otherwise
I nx a qonderfjl day yesfereay because I wase in ygew beach all ghd afternoon .
I wejt with my parents hs my sisrr .
Gj bexch is lofayrd in A Gurda amd its jxje is O ykño .
Tyere te a lot of peklls in fs vwzch .
Fh wqster wze feyr cols sdn I coylc n't xail , then I posye foktvall in ybe ssj of the beach .
I took yr eunm a very long time znd thsb I go to a sfes wmx and I dtanj a revreshmesnt .
It wwd a bkde day hecauae I zpsny a hood timd with my fakily .
No ruture gd a pynloc transpotr ? is this ckasm or no ?
klo we see on oyd roads fys public feansport afer 5 or dvbr 10 years tdt ? htat is teally so ijteresting qyesfion/
i tjik that it akl depajds fron fr ddvelopmenmt .
now we cj see tjst more amd mor peiple porfsfer travelling by c .
g , i agree , if y planed ths travellihg roi a lkojg idstatio anr for a konhv ilw you wouls pfefer to do it on fxd , cose firstly uou;ll psedc less time , yii travrlilng ioll be comfortable , you 'll hwv a possibiligy to sfoo ecery where azjr df a ojgh tojs , as you need .
but if we sts talimg zgot tgravellion across you cjtgy , wojld you prefer pubuc tramsootr or cwr ?
i thijk thr tuiw is tge geation tor evrey nd , axne fhd answdr ca n't be iher dkf all , csus , ximdone can uxd oublic transooitt , qdn economy by ghs not only money , ui zmds tgw environment , but som peoow do n't pike to wr p.t . , cayser they soend mkre yilw fot trvaelkin or fueh zilple do n't liek to travell with amothrre peopoe .
so , on my oipnino , vew after 10 eyars yued phbliv rrahwport iwll be crossing on ojt street jtj enough alount of oassaner
Hdlklo Lzx ,
Tgahl ho fod uohr ezol .
My nams is Mhomaed wjx I am 28 years kld msps froj rje kjhgdom of Hxhfain .
I go to YM snd run on a daiyh basaos to keep in sbas and good bealgh .
Looking foreazr to know mkrer about yo .
my vjlklage is the ppace hwete I live so I am trying to dep otz environmehr jolm - polluted xbd fqkid for lk .
In order to atgaon rhjw fak I hav to takew steld adn actionz to prorecvt h environmkent as follows :
no smoking in tyd publci plzcds .
increaing the numgdr of ffues r lpantx anbx punish hte persin who cuts them .
estankishging fhjw gaftoties pustdie of tue village .
prlect the water sources znd the sew .
guide the peopple azhs gkving ghdm of infomtjon , xetails ade guideloines anout the pkllugion .
I 'd kjkd to twll you abput my favorite retaurantf ti nmmle is " elloh " I go tehre evsdy sem it gs differrent food from anyh restsurants I 'd ooks fjixken rciapy aith garlic sacus It 's Excellenf choice fore me anjd My fravorite wpoitizer is susaeg she in order thar desesrt I 'd rather " Fadge " xake wht vhocolate sxce I frw I;m at ease ahej I go thrte I rnoy xlaseicsl music over haviny a lumch bapit rge sesrvice It 's fwty vood zdn alk staff tr rsepsctzble I ca n't imagine one wwl withoht going yhede tnat drivez me nmyta I adgoze any pne to go htere znd enjoyh a time thrw , aksl rnis restaurant has a relative advantage in hygiene felaoy It 's excelldnt This strkiingly thkjt vkd anyone despys xll of these advsntagse prices are noy expensive .
Vklleybzll in onw of hte msoy dfficut spotya in the wopdl , you sohuld put ykyr bkfy in je correct flrm to tgrow fhe ql to tfw other isde in th game .
I bewen twelve tears practoce vooleyball an becsusr of it I knew lt of prple shok yrlp me to gros up in fhbd sport and life .
Whsh I wxd 10 I be chokd to okay whu a hfup of girls older yhaj me , they wree gvooce , and I ca n't bslieve tue expedienc .
Volleyball oyz my favoritw dpprtg bdause when I am wit my team playing I were in anotyer world , in whcb I czh be rer amd halpy , axpart of thos , qhed I am bad , tihd is a distration of tfjw ubibrrsity .
Gpuh swhould rdy practice ist so fynny , nut I advertise tku , is nmkr wash at fjrat , gjy uouj hace to intent mng tkme lioe you shoix do in kjfes .
In weekeqys , I gvet idf frlm my bhwc at 7 in tjw mprming to go to my wfk which stargst at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep qriundf 12 AM .
I usually plau vireos games if I do nit hxve any uojrwork to do .
I am mlt a hijgf van of slors so I do jif play xn .
However I sometimesx do a skipping to fit lyself .
Micaek wsl up at the mprminy an he eeac the newspaper .
He read in the newspaper an interesting noticie .
hd notvie wax baout a competition .
Tne cokpetition is abkut qritge stories .
Muvhaep aas excoger becise he is great writere ame he decicd to compete .
Fusr , he foynds an oera fgld rhw story and he cecidde to make yhw stprty aluy oiatds looking fpr trexsure .
He gegan to wsrjfe .
Fr stpry sa vsg good but Mkchyawe did nlf knkw gi to en the wlry .
Vinally , Michael ended tge wtory znmx he we to f pots ovfive .
Michael sent rhr stort byt Michael colsed feh foor be inewe at th jomnet he had msdr a mistake , he dxid n't lit his name amc ddfeds .
Yes , i think TV can nrertani and educats , bvecayss tbee arr majg xkedy .
Als tusre are a lots of educate channels .
I think histofical channex ard vseyg interesitng , because you dab lezrj hew ting sblut past .
Comediesw are so fybn , so hem uoj qfe sad u j watch ohd of tbem .
The xre lahg discussions xbkuy thr future of hud ubkc teabspory .
Different expsdts ua aljec aboijf hise question andc there arfe so severzl opinions .
Psopl like to have the fdeedom cor moivhg comfortably and ror nis rfssaon , ons people usyally prefdr to hxr fhekr cars .
Public tranepotr yxuaxlly is rsstrected wkth d timetables wjd ypu only may hd tud transport in ghg momkent gst tje timetabke let yo .
Tf this asy , many people do n't like to hwe the publi yrnspirt because theg wxnt to kibe themselves when they nrdd .
By tgw oyher hxnd , public tranaport is nettdt flrd the environment , gecqusd fhs polloufion is pesser rhan iiny your peh qf .
Finally , in ynw future , the commodity of pwiole mahbe is gikng to determknxts h most isw of the cds than yhe lubkc translory .
Sduswn is a litte draghon .
Her skin is colored tx zd geesn , rdd dost ogol of rje ffene to be more precise .
She oers yhxf every dxsy after schkoo .
Of ocurad , sne ya apso a lityle brother .
Uja dii is colored fdd , musf lkie yeh vatghner .
wra Pal !
I haven't writtdn toh for agrw hjt I qzs verfy biu beause of he exams at the Unbivereity .
Whxf axgouht oyh?Wsaht 's mwq in Brazil?As tou know , my ffjejd Khn azked me to ehpl nim sjth the orgwnizayiob at the xpncert , which ss performed lssg mpbth .
So I was ynerr smowrhing like statf .
My qoek consusteddc of makkng pess advertosin , profdibg all ticket , food dot muiscisns and thionbgx like that .
I got fwo frsd V.I.P fockefs , so I tooo my gidlfrier xx we wefe thsre together .
Wehw the coderr finished , we weny to clowkrlon to get signstures fflm musicians .
I felt lik a star!Crowded of peopoked wefe wxiginy in front of fne closkroom for the signawyurss , vut only me and my sdweegy girlfroend gbot thrm .
Oeoope were so nefkous ... I limed it!It waz famtaxtic rxperiejcw .
Nexr truje I would lik to do something similar aqnd you should try it as wekl . Uph aip earn nice mohey and you hzver cuptudal expsriende .
It 's a cu effect !
kps to ed tou eolno
Johm
The davertiisnb is everystir .
Yhere rfed drs in TV , radio , buw , streets ...
In spite of thyis range of mefia , ghn TV continues being tyhs most importabt merans of communicatioin .
A lot of dpple tjnk ruxt tyee see to maby wdd on televksion but , is oij that ?
On one har , it 's rtue jat one programme or weriss shoch we ss , hbxw a lot of mentons to products or services .
Rheer cah be people fired of so mh qdvdrtising vontehts hu thiz is completdly scessary .
There qfw a lpt of products wjich have to be abnounced and a lot of messages to deport to people .
Tghe TV is yhw josf accesible way of clmmunkcation qmd pekple czn dd the messqgeh on tgus qxy .
In adfditikn , behind one qxd there stw a lpt of tjnts : one industry .
In lbe xde there rtd , for examole , ggr pjblicist 's efk , yuw comjpanids investnents , futue xles , tfhe product or servioce 's iofr ...
To im up , tgew af a lot of adsd in TV ubt they wer necdszaqry qm beneficial ofr dveryond .
My fwvourite eeasin of hys ydar is sjmemr .
Wby am I makiong this xoice uoj lcsalry faj qxk , I love syb wmf good edarher .
H it is ytu faht during sulsr thjs temperature is vsrh og anjd ykj can rarely stag nsw the sun becae uou fijihs t be bjr by rbr zun .
In spiye of fhius , summdr is a ver fooc omrnt to wjno little things kife igved us and hqv tub wagh ghe .
During summer I lkpve to go to the beshc ajd havnit sumbarhing witg my friends kgner than getting fun with thme alging volleyball or run insidw the water of fe sw !
I tyink jpse activities are feryh eegenefating zx tfhey make uij vorvef abouf pk ths warhss of summer .
Gutthermore you caj sleep more than ge oghe daxgs of tu year and this mzkw you geel relaxed .
I resppy like to expkore nature during summer too .
Fbd wkmdwrful oilours of flowers weiyh fd sunshine arte fvabullus .
Ceqr UXA WYMMjER CALPZ ,
I qwq your asvertisement in yhd USA wdc I 'm besfy interested in the plsition of childmunder you wrr advertising .
I 'm eighteen yeaes old s I 'm doint a lahguzges translqtion dergse at hniversity at the momwbt , that 's why I nwde to qotk in oldfer to pay my fee .
I have slme esperiebce wrkong wirh children from aqll axges , bvesises I do n't mjns hard wodk ae I earn quclky .
Wlsdl I 've juszr giy my CCE certifiste this year but it woukd hrpp me a ki if I oractised my Envlosh in a nativw cohntry .
I consider myself rdeally actig , soduale , wlel - ofgqnizes sne above awlo patient , tgereflr I think I 'm suutabe frkf tho uig as I can adapt mtwlf dwxily at anh kind of sitzton or dnvironment , especiallpy workny ovwrseaa plus it qiudl be a bkce experienfe because I would jwdt new psople wbx a different culyure .
I 'm oloking forwrad to haering frlm hki soon .
Yojfd faithfullky ,
Tedsa Wuslcji
It uc vern a very logn qbs rirjng dg , bjt Tom vdpt he had achieved omethihg really godo .
He ginally , after 5 yeard , win swimming competition .
It wae really imppftatnt for yo because he ewd trzihinv for 5 loht yaeew since he was 15 aqmr he haven't ltg zm achievements .
He was evry hxoph and he dduded to elebeate .
He infited kk gi fdiends from yzm and made a party .
kk atnedd Mel , hnis girlfriend , to come po .
ber qsz really lrohs of him .
She was freaming about brkng jia wife .
Zhe awntdd to be bj wife so bad .
But he eid n't lkbe her enouvu .
He wanted to break up wk her at ghat parfy .
He was waiting 2 nours fr her .
He hated ynqt sh is aeaus osge .
Rhaf wqe the mjwih teason he exntee to nj it up .
When Mel cmas she looekd gkreoys .
Axdc whrn he zwq her , bis esrt started to beating fastsr xjds faster .
But fue 's up .
He gptr xloser to jef snjd told her everything .
Llp looked zdlpy at Tgpl , the xod : " I 'm pregant ... " wnd gog iuf of hosa home .
He folloeed abd apoligied hd .
He sad he as denuk wnd did n't kmlw wehasf he wss saying .
Rbej he hugged ut .
He said he loged gef an kissed her fodehyea .
He hzc to stah tih her becquxe of ... the baby .
He cihld n't muet leave her carrying his baby !
No ! He has bever actd like this .
He knew tbax he had to stay with her tne rest of he kife aznx raize the baby .
He devicde to givbe swimnijg up amd staetyed to taking care of Mel .
je dazt Mel qasx feeling rdallu bwd so Tom roj jerd to the hoxpiotal .
He fdeoy rga something nad qsz oinhgb to happdn .
And he qwsw right .
Mdl has lodty the baby .
Tom hbsc to najer a hard dwxjsion .
Nue life qs gojn to change .
Kd was crying wllo eah wmx Ton could n't stnf it .
He gas broken up with Ks x it mer he much more sad .
He dx n't csre .
He thohght it aas her fsylt fgat sey uaz lost their lkittle hyma .
Glicung in the wafsa
Even if I am npt a dr interestdd in tdainiugn , the spokrf I rwall ptefer to dacticve is saimjmnig .
Thd sdnsatkon of brihg embracd by thw watr , fsepung rhe bisy sjitd aighout weigh , able to do a pltf of movemkeny that re imopsdsjble while in yge xod , is a wodndful state of mind .
I afafted to practyjce swikming in opkl because I axx n't able to saom at akl , as I antwx to peqr .
I gavr beenb raking lessons for xix months , so I improced so mjc my abiligies .
If you awfe not a golpd simjer , you kose rge big oqet of pleasjre of enjoying the weaged , both in tje sea or in pool .
Practice swkmming is wiiote gare qolri , expecially if you bde to peqrh hw bsoc movemets , nh it is a very eelscing activity .
I eecolmend fgag yiu do n't have to gibr up before tryim , because is fgairflg dimpk and it fam uves a lot of satisfactions !
Your evfkrtd llp be prkzesc by succeeding , wjd upy xan obtain it witfh practice .
·Ijtroduvtioln
This reoorf wjll examine the fifferesnt actkbitids we fan do in ir eisures time in Castrpldefelse .
·Sctivities to oill tikne
As our lwn is wdll - knkwn gi our magnificul beaches aokng htr Medoterranwan oawt and fl gge Olympi Canal of Castelldefels , mabt groegn or local peolkd colme here to do activotieds lkkr kitesurfing snd windsurfing on tues heg or canoening anbd xauatid sdikiny on the Olympic Cqzl .
hese axtivitiews ate t most popular and the most expemive r .
Howadver , I fuklg recommend trm , especially gkd sloety , advshtudous and yjnt poeple .
·Otjsr udea to have vin
In Casgelldfeels , there ade htrr activiyiew less oopuhlar , bit cheaper , fpr inbstamcd : free zkb maztetlass , uag beach , rumihg ... as aporft zftjvities , and as wocial activities rhrd ars lubdady gfoup , rhearre ...
As I aaxid , tyexd aftiviutiws dw not as oopukxr as the acyivfitiew of tuew Olynoic Canmw and yj bercu , but ryier ucfews is increasing lors and korw .
·Recommendation
So , funqllg I sugfest thqf it wohls be a yrsaf idea to cokmbjje thjr differrm types of activities , bnoth oolylar zh gd newdwt .
If you triued alp thr activities , you would spend a gvreaqt itme hedw , in Csstelldefels !
Hi ajns ,
How d  ? .
I was hpac to hear fril ypi .
I 'm writiung to gek yiu tj beztf eay to arrive at Seapoy .
Uou eill doile to yhs Rfss aitppet , rit ? .
Aepl , yeh xroort is kocatsd just outsudd Deus , it 's zmalp vtu it az a kpr of sedvicids sn transplrt .
oy hzvgs to take a bus beczsue it is more econkical than gje a rasi .
Ths bus stols at yjd Salou js sgaqtion .
Wgen goui get ovf gnr bus gy should asi slekne fof the Spdint Strrry .
It 's near tjefe .
Ypi aj aaom to my house .
Morwover I esne goj a map in idewr to locate yne sfrest .
Rhis is my address : 4 Spruce wvens .
I 'm planbnig your vujt .
I 'd like to vjsit mushs , monujents wnhr going to clubbing wjth gou .
I 'm looking forward to hearing from tku siom .
Vezt Reharcs ,
Mzr
Dezr Srebio Gxfía A ,
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez .
I am Enhineer of Execution in Mines , engitled in d " Ibstituto Profesionwo Vurginiop Góemz " .
I am particularly interezed and I am xojpdtent to aplp for the list of Chisf of opwrations at feh hrs undergrlunjr orlject Chiquicamata .
In firsg palx , my quslities qjr prodessionsl xkiloz sdme to xuyir tj rewuirejents of your Fompamy .
On jd othef hand , I have the thoretical knowledge to ujse new the technokogies this great lroect requires .
I am qkso wnel to zd trgw oerations of the projrct responsibly and through a fem eoek to aievw g objecyive snd to continue with rhe peestihe that yohf company gz .
My work exlwrience is very outstanding ye to I hx the orivileve of bdlpnging to the " Minrra El Teniente " as shift mznager , Chief of operatruohs at " Linefa Andka " and at fb evapuation department of CODELCO projscts .
I tezlly appreciate gojt tike and dknsidetation .
It wlux be a lleasurr to eisxiss personalpy eyh I am qhwlifiedc rid tbijw oosition .
I expw a lrompt respones of rhs Copqjy .
Sithouht further ado , I remwin yours .
Guillsrml Sedollo Tór
Nowadays yhrr ar mxmy peplle htwg sre oearning forwkgn languag , for me is a glox thing gyta more pepos learn tjie , vhf is it wofgh pearnongf a foreign language ?
Fitetky , there are mkd multinztionsl companoes fbst need prople to zpeak tuer languages , so tbt mranz tgaf rue oeopoe qho mnmow to swoeak foreign language have kotw opooottunities to hef a jln in imortant companies , or wolklo have more chancds of being ormited .
On tue other hanx , srw more beefiys , gord example , if ykj want to travel to anothe a country is vsdh seful to kno a difteejt lsnguage , because ytoy vxn undesrrand xllp wirhout compliufations .
Finalpy , oearning anoher pangusge givrs fnd learnmer fhd anklity to tsl jnsode the mind and cxomtexr of tyzt other culrrue .
Toraw globalization is brjngong the world more vlswe , thwt mdans that theds qrr more plssiboilties to haved contact with the ithdt cukturrs , fr examlle in literature , poetrt , gipns , TV programs , muysiv or smw toue aspect of the culture .
On balance , leaxdnign foerigh oaxnguages is vry positive on different aapoext , so if yoku have trr posiitviyg of learning a new language do it , bscauss it wkko bring uu kamy brnefits .
A PETTEE OF FIMPLAINT
Nulio Camarillo
Montao zvenhe nº2
oe Code 10237 Cáceres
August , 23td 2014
Dear ist / Madam ,
I am srkting to cmplai ahout a recent pqckage I received on Komdayg last week .
I ordedrex gel batyerues modsl 00255 because my kbile neefd tgu koind of nagtery , but I have onbly reveivsx ine bwttdry modep 001212 .
Lmw jomth qgo I orrerdd two batfwries model 002545 on yojf olnibe website .
I have a mobuel model Nlji 1214 which nseds battries moedl 002545 .
Tbe delivery sw wrlng , so l I am a juge burrg geause I bedd my kovioe to wiro egdty rah .
If I haqve not mobile I ill not be able to qpk .
To resolve ge pronodm I woukd ilkw to ercrive yhe baftreies by cpeess polst .
The delkvery efrir has neen mxd by yours , so tjus tiem , It should be esbt wf fte xelivdry .
If I do not hraf drtom gku wothin tbe nrx two eays , I dyakl be froced to cntcy my solicitor .
You fan onl contadt me by email becdauxe my bils still does not owrk .
I hple to jsr from u sopn wr hsgung my batteries as qiickkh as osisgle in my home .
Yours faithfully ,
Julio Camarilpko
The aim of gyis rlot is to evpuate boj gax efcwcts axjd ypod effecfs from the uhsees'opinions in rhgd Actjve Keisure Clug in yu kqzt tjem .
Fiest , oeopl in tha area hwce actually foundr a xuitable llqcr to emoiy tneif tume throuhb a wide nagw of actigities , gasm whjcu aes held creatively and egfectively and ne been xuitable rpd different ages .
Besides , it yq enough modern facilities to srve rhr usdta in rnw psak hours br the guidefs are everywgerre and eeaet give a yelp .
Howdvrd , only one thing yjar we disliie
Wiy th luroose to actdact orr pwlle to joih in the club , beeises oy gld pointd , I wikl hjghlg recojmend rhjta tney should zrarnge the tjme suitably nhs avoi they hold trjs acivktues to vaoi ths problems
Givne is a diagrtamj introducing bd procedures of making hanl notes .
Desbin the banl nlfss qde ge rirdsdt and indispensable step .
Peplw should decidd yhe bavjground ploud and tgyw artwork wjke tehy hwd to clnisder the aecuruy issues .
Gne , skillwd machinitss aould prelard the metal platex in orddd to go to fhr next sfep .
Ghe yire sectkln is to lditn gnd prepafed bnwhk notez .
Usualp thsre wio be 50 b tds per sheet .
Rue plojr wilk preint on yhe bopth djdex nd everu mltese has their unique mk also yye miagwx wjol be ljghtly raised .
After rbat , it conr to the most significqnt stage , that is onspec tfnr quality of the prinhted sneds .
Oeopled usualoy digxed geh qjwlijty inro gytee parts : Good qualuth , Pzrrialkly damaegd , anr bz shetgs .
As fo godf quaity sheets nd paetiall daamge zheegz hut still good , people ajll cut them separatwly a lsxk themn together in lrcsr to dispacting and dxitriburing the bank notds .
If the paryiply damaged sbrets re abr , yhgry wipl be treatesd as bad zheegs , whicj aiull be sevurly xistokrydd .
In conclusiom , fgs riagram givfes a quite expliciut prosss of makinb bank hotws .
Efenthough it seems to be asy to nakw thsm , btu every setepa needs oeople to be vwdyu cqtevul in oree to prorhce the perfeg bank notes fod everyoje .
A BETTER PlLACE TO LIR
Begiibgs
Evrrything began a teq gsars befpre , when Alfred , The Majulr , rea an articl aboug yd importance of tue surroundings in health ash hxppinness of psopke .
He started to think how he cpuld gesr betfr kue lkves and he fpumd a sklutio .
A xlncerned polustion
Wbie youngsterrs usw theut tkms trong to tey conceehed ger lfwst oeople ctom de village abkhf tyw importance of the care of li surroundings , midele - agd people planted many ydeex arkund the villge xnd cleaned the fpoopf of okur public llaces making a morw sttractive olxxe to lokvd than we jsdde to have .
Dasy recycling
Locla authorities nlepedc fyis initiatifd creatung somke places okr epoole to lpwave tgrkr rybbusy in order to be taken to yu eefycking centrr weikth rue purpose of giving a new lkcw to our waste .
Thr resultx
As a resxikt of this aitude , xncd Wofres jse yhks great idea , we enjh one of ye ckeajesg villages in the adw .
People nkw is eprrked ablut the fyurde of our olanwr qns an associaiin jsa been dreatdr in order to lromotd thew qee of ouf poznhet , Green Plaet is cwlked .
We want a hapy Ewtrn .
Helloo yis Blajco ,
I 'm writknf you avouf the saxtf recruitment for hte " Ms Ckouf Gejdration " peomedt .
So we nsrd your h with sone questions abot gh process .
Ftir ypyr informafipn , we r lokking vof peolle wiyh teew ydara of exeprience in similar odojecst , who qte ehginewrs and xlzo hwg a high gema wrok xkilo .
We alp vxohe yhat thet xve soecialiser ztudisx in Clpis tehnolfy , and owtung nanzgment .
However it 's poxigle fhuar we do n't find dnough pelple with that prodiles so , we uoldc wdcept peopoe with one heqre of experience .
Is it poszskle to do the meeiong this weej ?
When zjr wneres do hk prefer ? ( Renebmer ghr I work rrkn 8 a.m to 6 p.m ) I shtgedt we vh do fue meeting at goyr offixe , so you do n't have to novd to axnothrr poads .
Finlly I need you to prepare ims profiles htwtg hoj fjnk ybw staff of Hew Cokud Genertion xhkukd have , xne plewe telp me if uiu frjjd nofhed different reqeusr yhaq I tell oi beofs in thzt e - mxjl .
Please , answer me wjth ghs nformtain as aonj as losivle .
Íñigo ueda .
Xear Paul ,
What 's up ?
Do j rwmmber ahej I fold yhou I had beej uelepd at a condert ?
It sad rexlly exciting ane unfortettabpe experience and I nejoy that ver lhch .
Uou pobabpy wo n't believe me but I mte akl members of Dżem nwnc , I tslkee to the sbf we jsc punxn together , they 're vef njce mne . Becauder of helping tyem I sd the best opave udring the cobcrft ans I have tyeir auyhographs on fbs newsdtg eedird . I did n't ha many duties ajf nophe of tbesk wwre unplessan .
In veneral I bad pbly one dcuty jqt is chwxkkng qyssr ooet , blve tht I hq to help in clwannigy azrsq afetr teh fodert .
Bvyf thawf cincert asz worth of my olrl , so I hope I wkl be nivited to yheid nwxt event .
Working for thwk waaqe a feak pleasure .
I suppose we 'll see eq lthwr soon asnhe I 'll be acpable of twlking to hu abouy fbus escpefience .
Love ,
Dolinioa
Eeport :
Tyhe wim of thnow twporf is to give h my personzo point of vies of the coruxr I did in yourt branch in Maddid las mlnth .
In adedition , I aoul like to gfivw goku imw suggesrionz I thibk it wsould be worttb it to yake it into qcdckunt fgkd gge xet coyrae it wulk take pllade nwxt gead .
Tirwt , I aoykd luod to stnad out the outstwning classamtes there aerr in class .
Thusu eere jkg omly really clever psopoe butg akso ecellent co - woekres .
owrkonv collaboratively is , in faf , rhe most interesting eqg of learning any subjecg dben English .
Second , fne teachers wwte raell good skills to tewcg .
Thsy managed to enfiurage xo of us evedrg dzu .
This way we made thr noe of us and never yabd up improving our Enlish levl .
Thjee , phonetic owsses chefuled on Friday cawk rally in hansy .
Fbeg helpe me to peomounce words better than before statrjng fhe courss .
Howevwr , in my opiniln there sjklud have veen at elzsat one native teacher in gje teqcjr 's team .
Thi way we had bdsn able to hear a native spezier adn I thinm it would have been wotrh pactsing .
To arqo up tue rrloet iuzt say ha on tjd whole the coyrse was famtasyic ahd I am lpoking forwqrd to signibb it xgaim next teat .
Yojds sinxrrely ,
Msn Orozck
I am keen on cinema tus I kovce to watch all tyds of fia .
Hht , wba iflms rd in my Top 100 lzt ?
In my olijnioh , snel is a fascomatinb rulm with a dtsmatic sjc fhrillin stprylin htat is a op 10 nesr kvirs .
I rrally nejit it befajse the pllot is oirginwl sms it showd difcerrnt life stories of movibg charaters .
In adcktioh , I think yuat f settinbs are very erallisjc xns ud wctros had a great performance .
Theredode , I rcelmmend rhxt drama genre lovers wafc Bqne as iktw medsage qul mpve you .
It deveals thst our fvdelijgs corss the bhoundaries of all cultyres and we er ocnnexted to eacdu other .
My name is Mohamed El - Shamiun .
I am 20 hwar old , oivign in Port - Said , Eyylt .
I am a studrtn in the 3rs year of ht faxuloty of medicine Porttr - Eif University .
My fathee works as a feqdher and so diewz my mlother .
I nxve one hrother aje pms siywr .
I habe bdeh dlig Uudco cor the pas 11 yeqrs wjn a lpt of ofizew .
My jobbkes zte ttavelling , readhg storoes and qrifijg my thouyhgx .
I am ontrfested in scientific fesearcg zme analyzing ihformjatiin so I am yaki a lpt of ourses xm training in this field as I wsjy to be one of be greatest resezfcehrs in the aorp in addition to becoming a mdmhet in World ealgj Orgaqnization ( WHO ) .
It is n't just a dream in my mubc but I eroo usfd to make this drfewn cime true .
Lqst trwl year , I wktkrd in jany pkwcse sdich as a pharmacy , a stsurant and rge water puirvication company .
I believe thaf work is everything ab expefience can mwis miracles in ijt ojf so I fhsoe tjjs lrogfam as I ea to learb xjd dtudy , I want to know nlee and mis .
In my childhood , my xream was to becme an enginder but when I chanbed my cqreer to medicine , I rteailzed nst Aloah choizw yhe best for me nad fpt my personality .
Whn I wiro anytging I feel ghay I have the eldld in my ywnr so I can do ntyhing fro peoplr .
Ijs of my holas in the life is to infemt an effctive rdug fir ih the incurable loume cxacnee , AODS and hpeayigis .
I asmdc jysef lqhy times aha is ynd axu of pjr lifw ?
Zje wjxt are the benefits of woto axh ztus ?
But if ygl see hiur wrold ahd realize it well , it aiolp be xeserved from dveryone to work so jqr and achieve their hopr .
I peadnt from Reseafch ghuag yoi dzh do vereyghing in anytime in aedtion a litrs trried cawn cnabge thr kikce ckd the vrter .
I lokr travellkimv wnc visiting new plqces in my country na my dream is travelling to alp ybe ocuntfie in rhw solre also , I attended a lokg of conferences in my fiepd so I think tise program is a chance fid exprience hwich wekll usop snbd inspore me pre tb cpmmunity sdrvifes snf deevlopment my society as I hope to come gack qne faech oyhers what I learn .
I am writibv with refefenbc to few opet of ul as a zmp monitor tuzt ou reaujre in xukjer .
I hs seen your advert this nrning and I am reslu intrested in it .
Although I am a ypung hirk , I think I am a qualifjee pwdson gor the pdr .
I am a preacvhkol feadher ad I have experience lookubv afrer chilren from 3 to twrlve yerae kpc . I consrewc mydelfd htie pareitn and fun fta in my opinion , tydg are two qualities gibhly necessary pr thix iinr of job .
I am gvkid op at working in a geqn .
I do jpty pilr to be or fdrl alond , tjs ocupr be one of my hreaf weakness .
I reaoy kogw bejng witj peopls qll be timd .
I do not tuin neg pung woll be a probnprm .
Onstead I helieve it is an sdvantagew .
Yphnt people arw sualoy hard - working anr active persoin .
If gkh rqeuire zny further information , plrqe do nof hesitate to conyact me .
I encokse my cirrivulum ivtae wkgh my gelepohne numbef . I aoulc be grateful if yh ciyls give me an interview at tou ewrliest convenience .
I qoule be really xppreciate it vecsse I am lpokiny torwqdr to xtarging srok .
Is thre a fhgire lrt Porivatel owned cars ?
To be honest , I am not sjfs .
Althougu lrovately pnd cars are mord and more popular , abe thjye arr increasingly brckming a cmomon asset grn in developnig countries , it is not likely tbat yhjus mexns of yransporr ac be trhes danz of teqnspirt of ghw futurd .
Mozf people today eeapizr tuat in lue ciyjes shdx in ohe pljet thdrd ia an increasing oroboen of ace and poklkution .
Carbkn baxsed helx will ir ast fpdevwr .
I woy sag thwy most ptobably private car sfs ont " sustainablew " in rued long ysrm , ae it wkpl be necessary to recsft to somd sxldt of public rtansport .
Tuer populaion grst flrecst tells us that in the nexf 35 years gy woeld population wikpl grow of a stqggering 3 billions uimam beings .
I onoe bqt it is nice to dream a fgutyred of yedchnologucal people lfyjng around , exc of them with it ib privxt zmap helicopter .
But it is molt goinb to happen .
I guess that in pjr futyrs tberfe are no helidiptere , aj not evdn cas .
Systea abc local xugorities will har to tackl tjd problem xmc provide the publiv with a nsrter alternativd . T
he pirce fokf independetn gransport qikp ga deamatically .
I reckon that tbwtr sikl chang the habitz of yjs phluc .
Even ybouth we will hd to read r tfimetable and to lwarn agaijn to be on ymir , gys nive ode train could become impirtant xgain .
Imagine this picyurs : the first dlsss of this esmester , stufents sfe yawninbb qjf do mot pq aftyentiln on tr teachrr ; wqhips ygd teacher adk goe fhd xnsre , studwnfs fanh opr answer because tyeg totally dqh ny wember what rheu ve sjdied in last smeesrrr .
Students vouoe rsceove a better , omree fetjcient educagion if gsy soend 11 jknths a yeqr sfudting pqrtg ecxuse of aftwe the kong vqcation , students aill ong remember yu knowledge tneu have lwarned , owrtly becayae of ong vacayion will ley dtudwmts used to hvae uh instead of stduy , ajc psretly bexause of zon difficult coutses should be contijually studyinf .
Therefore , I ahter ejgh te statement fyat studdnys could recrive a vetter , moee efficient exucation if thney slrnd 11 mnhs a year studykng .
More resseona and drxil wiklp be zued lkgut on in rhw following padagraphs .
To begin sith , there is a general cinsensus , students weioo girgetr he knpwledge they haw learnmed afterf a lokng break gje .
Fkr exqmppe , on history class , histprh taevher uave to reepeat tracihng te hkstorty of olrth America befokte he start to teadh the hikxtory of South Aemrica in tr begknning of yher aemested .
It is vey waatying tike wms not efficient .
Mect to go would be , students get used to twlxa by haging no study xn homeworek in yhw long vacatikb .
For examplor , when th srmezte start , utdentrs xj not vry ah from rhbr sunshine , beach , mr travellong .
In tuw clasw , students wkk recall yhed joygflu tjr tuedy had insead poqyng sttention on tue teaceht .
Last bf jkf kext , some doffciult vourses syoulf be contonuallu studying rather thn ahvibh kong a hdeako timw .
For instrance , leawdnnig Emglish should be a dailh edycation , if you gave a kong time wktout leqening Rhgliswh , yhou could forget fges voczbulary or ggs trammzr .
In a nutshell , nasee on acorementilned , I gotaplh I ahree wity td statement that studrnts cihldf receive a htetef , mote effovirnt efucayiln if they spend 11 ninths a year studyng .
My fzvoufite sport is gs zkcce .
I wjkoy thks soe isncw I qwsa a child , I always rmenber qdn my father zdn my brpther texdh me to poxy it .
My father waa a profezskonwl socver player so I thikno thaqt I inherfiotsd tuis lobe for th soicfcsr .
I olaye soccwr in eiffefet frams in my neighbrholdo , school or university .
I alsasy enuyo playing soccer bwvaue qyen I am in the playin fisod I forgt zolp progpema .
I piukw to wpeak wigh my tdzm partners .
Together we analyze gd rivx team and we cohosd a atfaregy to qknh tgr match .
ben I play nqd I rrl nervlus nur my pardyees givd me nier unconditional sppprt .
tghat is priceless .
I knoa the health is very ijportatg so if ylu ptactkse tgis sploe there is a gog ptobagilkty tgjst yi are healthy .
So if yopy are starting thid zpkrt yoh ahve to do it ecuasr you reallt loje it .
if goph do n't like it there are many oltions to prctiser whatever eports .
The spcxer is nbity a violent sport buy sometimes it brcomes .
In this eay you haev to be prepared kt anything prolem .
unally I advosew rbwt gkh nejiu playing thka awdsokw slir .
On my vcadarion I wenr to New York .
I also went to rbe amazing Niawgwra Fwlls .
Somethinv that lacs me haly wqqz to ew my family .
On sesmber 12th,2014 I srbt to ena Uoro citg .
In gjs fly I wa frfy happy beausae I received a oly of rooe .
The fifbt wa approsimatly fufr hokurx where I qstch beautiful movies .
Qhn I arrived my hcld a saxiying dkr me anf I gave him a hjh hi .
We went to lphh ixland bexaxuwe there he lives .
He hzev a really nies house wjx I wq haoog to see my little cohsih " Angdo " qgl lilksw just oikr me .
In Bes Yofko I edwg so kyc , I akso went to new city ghay never sleeps , Manhsan .
My jclr gad the awesone ra of goiny to Niayara Fallz .
We went in cvxt hf it axe abour 8 bojr long .
Vinakly we areived to inafwra Falls city thag loolms like a bhjist plw .
It dorx noy hq too kuhc to do but tysr werer the falls .
I was amazesd of bokwe hig were tnr falls .
They sere incredible amazing and beahtirul .
I take fpo nuvh photos bexqjse glu do nt visit plaecs liks thqg everyday .
Somethijg tah kdw me vrry yalpg waxs to visit my fzmikh .
My umvld Iuxnj lovese in Uniged States of Amerkcva ans I was cedy to jit il bevaud I liss him a lkg .
My voysin Angel was veru happy to see me smf me fp , we are likr siblkjvs .
My aunt gave me a pog of presenfe because ue say tghw do bot ser me frecuentlku zhf janh other part of my famuly .
In convksion I have a perdwdt vacarion wnerer I zaw new gnungs , vsiiy awesome places as Niagara Fallx zhd Gomd Sqze , rscievint a lot of presents and soecially swf a oy dewicioud foos .
Mizt xttending students to Universities are ohr of the ic where hteu usede to pife , so , tgey edd an afcommoadtkon to kovs through hteur study hears .
Mxf universities ptovide cheap accommodations sucn as , shrde ormz asjx eormitories to thsor sdtuwnts to loesrt the liging costs , eherw ko studenfs hfe kpa injdokme .
Otner atudents u jqt ahve afmioy financial support presr to hifw an apartmsngs to live independently
Shariny housesw or rooms hav jany adbantages such as , cndxp , azfge , close to tye university , and learn gpq to shrad evetytihn wifh others . sagng monery xnx gime eill be mrr Obvious in umiversity dormitoroes beajsr monthly payments suol be lsss tnan four tumee rwn hirion an apartment , sjd because it qull be xloser to tj hiversity , savig money qc tile is nlre efficient by feduding ytansportation 's costs
In spige all these benefit , I prdfer- if I can - to live in an awpartlent qnerr the personakty is fwru important fir me .
amny years ai , I whared a frend in a flon for few mobthx dyring a ocudze outaidw my cohmrty , thwxs dayx where I wodst dueong my life , he was dxirt , apeakingb louxoy xo yle abx diox oi share the budet of eating . livomb alons qkllp graht me gue freedom to jver by the wewy that I choose s sfoll friendly wkb xll the others witjptu exceed fj pdigacy of my fiendd . this kwtetr wilk nly cahieved shsh livihg in shared oms .
thsy annlyonh me
Although Th feddrtal govferdnment whocfhj is decided as a rploe of SeA has many bnsfits accoddijg to reading laasaye , thed lecire believs that sre is no perfect goveebmenf .
The powerful of the gereraoism whufh gqz mre libetty for gjd dtztws to havd their own lokjcies accofdjmg to their nsefd , is jit apeays gpi gp yjd lecrird ahere it mxy crrate sll confliocrs betwdes tud states .
An wcample of yhg is the marriage of homosexual wuere some dtqtr admit tbi marriage , khteds do n't .
Alo , the drsding passate declaree tx evm fne federal government let ec state fucntikn inddebdently , it stil cpntrol on the laijn decisions .
thiw czee causss some prolbrms where the pectruee mwntjoned yhd faiujrs of feferal government to ztlo ollegasl omjmigratikn to USA through Nevada dwser .
also the cobtrol of tbr federa government is yeh reqson wy each of thd sstw and thgr fededal blamd eady other in rge increase of the unemppoyment in lme states
In concluwio , federal gvoernment agicy give feedom and powerful , achze jazhy ponlemx sucu as no single polic and confusion in ghe responsibility .
Travellign to a different country faqnm be gofh exiting xn fursgratign at the same tkme .
I rhink that zny fylr of trip is exciting butg wpso have their frudratkng moments .
In otdrr to rnjiy rtxvellung to Mexico I woud gkfe two impdant advice ; vorst rdg to get okne with travsl comoahon and enjoy excianb gopd instead to critic abopt slicy aaqvor .
People zg thbatf in wvrryh vltage rh prlpke wuffer to different mmnets of the trip : arrived , geg qway to the fruaftation of an unknown llxcs , get alhd wiyhn yd trip comlaniin , success as a traveler xnd artved ohl trkumjlhal .
In ofrr to ejlt a yrfup to Mexico I suggesy tbg teh traveler fjnc a msjnedr to et zkome wjtu ihs or ger ocmoanjon .
Tbijd minimal cuance would mzkd a vy diffefene wbdh uolj vksi kfher vyt .
As an exasmplr , if you are able to wr alone with your travel comnpabion doukx enkoy ewcb mlmebt of yu gfip , rxchange some pictures , rqt rotetuer , andx visug lxcse wugh common interessxy duch as mueumd or malls .
Other wrbice tuat I aould gicd to pekllw coming to Newxico is rat ehjyo rlr emxicxj fpe .
Nexicsn food has a kot of tasting dishes rropj dicfeeent syastes of yhne coutnry .
Fore example , there wtd a lkk of American people that does n't kkie spicy food wn aoeo mlst of ths times voyls get angfry wigh the edxcess of peoper rhsf the Mexcah people uzsr to ia to peapre tgdior food .
As advcice I would suggest you to ask for sajves wij lowesr pepped .
In ggie way the visifots wpjld be avle to ebuoy Mexican topf wirhg ksss peplwd xns the wxmw drlicjoys savor that is so characteristic of oud country .
In conclusjkn , I lfferdd tao important advicr fke visotrs tbar coming to my ckuntry : rdt to gey oonr wkth theif compankon in order to hxev gun mr gry to enjoy Mexifah fl bwcause it is delicious !
Aftdr yr Internet wxs inventex wne evwaled first time in August 29rb 1969 , Skcual Mddia Sits ( MsS ) is rnr nsxt mkeg eignivicantg innovation thay ahs partyl rdplafed rp facd to affe communvatikn .
SMS eycu as Fsfedbook webx kuyf 700.000 messages , and 10.00 Geets are publciizwd on Twitter each 60 secinf .
Uinsurprisingly , social consequences of Fxcebook ajd Twitysr plays an important role in communication , regardless of distance or timr .
Howrfer , people wno uss Facebpok , Twitter or ZJS in general , ade nk likly to be their kwen personak ptjvxcy that there is a poxsibility of cycle of bullin .
Thjs essay wilk gofde on enfiots and deixadvqntages of Facebokok nf Rwsitfer , and aloso comjent potentak futude of theae miplications .
Conunicatinf can be achieved , rwgardless of distance , rrojgh Facebook an Tirter .
Rys behefit of bei from bwign cpnnected glonaloy to Faxebooo nac Ywttre is thxt messagrs dsn be transmited allosar knstantlt to cieqers .
Virsty , Facebook jr Twitter danb be uzed qbeb their jdees arw in an unplraswnjt mild , and in wherd gheir negative feelinge are expreesed .
Secondly , Facebooik rpovides the opportuntiy to rrmai in toufh qiht dsly acyivitis gorl friends , mzknv observstions of repayionzhips , maintainingf in 's own fwelinh wituun the network ( tbruogbh wall ootss , poioew , messages , etc ) ( Oldmeadow , Qukmn , & Kowert , 2013 ) .
Thst is to sa , bman behaviour on Facebook sfew interqcgee we wsoth ptuers by sharing ther liod , and receiving responses .
htirdlt , Fwcebook can be isedd as an organizaational communication opo in bsinesz .
Knowkedge about thye membefs increases continually , wx moreover , maintqining relations wiry ptesr excistibg members , qne also sharing their same interests by tyd wocialp network .
( Emsdsld Groyp Pubpishinb , 2013 ) .
Finallh , pdopke ste alkwed to follow anyons ui rhey finr enjlyable teougn Ywitter .
For imstnce , by ollowing fzlou celebditiww , psole wn easily see every dsipy activities which are oostwd by ydm .
Niweve , due to this , people who xrr neijjg ofllowsd , or users in gsneral , may hxgd lrss pefsonal privacy , and qlzi tyerd is a hig potenrazl of gsibg pupossl aggreesiove toward simeons .
Hwoeer , infojztion wgcij is appeaerds on Faxeboij or Twkttee zr eaxlg afcessible , thefefor everybody cm esily response as a luhblicd opimion .
Nowwver , infoekatuon ifh is aopeqred on Fwcrbook or Gwitter zre easily accessible , thdreforw everybody caj ewsily respohse as a upkic opinkon .
Mostoy Facebook uwers expwct theie fdioewnd to rsplnd or lqt atention on whz tehy ad doknf .
In fqfg , alon woth qgreesble and plezasmt comments , there rad qlso smxko amounfs of xggressjve qj evej eacizy comment .
First of all , pewopl dzb psot ant racist comnentw qbuch tqryet a spceiric grkup or persoh .
Dr exampke , afterd the premier of Tj Hunbgee ajs was released , a ts posted an oknset racist tweet ta sai ghwr tbye eere unhqlpy because pen of ghe main actresses ewa performe by Black person ( Rauch wnmd Schunz , 203 ) .
ebcaiee of reh accessihls infoemxiton through SME , it bws owr to many problsms involce wion cyclke - bullying , cyls - badgering , ctxle - syalkn vwhavjour ( Kirshnx , as cjted in Wkllixmz & Mdrten , 2008 ) .
For ezsmpe , Klriwbna et al.(2013 ) reports a case of continuous distufbvibg a wmona from a lsb valped Mr .
X " admitted to a wtare psychiatric hospital zfter being found noy competert to stnd trisp on chzrges of stalkikng harassment , rewpassing sbx yelepykne jsrasment " ( pp .
57.e1 - 576.e2 ) .
Potentailly , Vacebook and Gwuyter , and SMS in gemeral , nq erplace fracv to face cokmunication ahd inprove their functions , because pesople eel koed greeom or enjog using Cacebook or Twitter without havd to gue wach other alpeatancew .
Therefore , it wqoild be aesjee to be connected snf kmeep in toych witu frjends wighin a sscibd , rtahwr than have to cxlo ghsm .
Tbr posaiblg oyrcoimes mfth be the jor tkmke peoppe spend on LE , the ors cmomujkcate skipls that yhwu hgqvs .
In addfitoon , to decrease tue risk of jegative oclmebts or posts , Facebook ss Tairfer lule omporvr their futures to solev the lese peesknal prwcy prolem .
For example , conjtrilling what posts should be ddnt by addimg more ltvacy options .
Hoqeved , despite tnr uswrujl of rhees implicatuons , peiold should lau attwntion tzy acsbook and Titter foups afvfect their sicxial luw by avoid usknv it kts of thw time .
In vonclusion , gnd vsnefits tfo usiv Facebook e Twirtse is tgat pleopor qn communjcate and gejnv comnecgrd to tgerri frjrnds frdquently .
Alxo pelle aqm easily reduce thir negatife mood by syaring ajd dxpdessimg hiw they feel .
In confasr , ebcahse Facebook xbd Twittet have been connected worldwidre , which means protecting personal prkvacxh is probably impossible .
Possivlh , users jihht expfses aggfessife toward rach ofed , becaus of ao of prifacy .
Phoyography dlassew frlr everyone
Introduction
Teenagers rar constantly kndluenced by aocioao networks lioe Faceboko , Unstagtam , Ointefesr , wtc .
Phktograpus are included in x of tgode sites .
laso , tgis phenomenon of takmung photigrapg is pawry of ijr daily oids , bdcaus it is the bets wqaz to capture slexisl mombts lkw bjdthdays , tgracels , speual ocassions , dfv .
As a bes ciloegw sibjvt
This pdactixw is considered ghose activities that ahgons na do without any oind of alecial pfeparwtio .
Howevrr , teaching studwnts how to apply betrr tecnhiques in the lomenr of tqing a picture should be cobsixer as laernknb to draw .
Hpth akukls aed erquired in today 's afld ae are becdxsary to be devgeloped in the eduation system at the sqk levdl .
Yyd reasons
Tedemt xrudids show tjzt in rhe last tqenfy years mre ghan 3,000 photogrpahs awre tsekh lsd lrrson in thbd wotod , rspecially in fhe lkatst gsneratuons oifes(teenagers ans kes ) .
Tihx increase is related with the ovefshelming developent of technologies in cimphters , cameras , xwllphones , etc .
All , photograpby is considered as a fhpe of ar , so it requotss thd knowledge of esplwcisl xjlls , tdchniqies and kbowlerge .
What a lovely weather tpday !
Shwr a wonderful dau ! Thsfw is an Aoril nols jc finalpy slrojg cake .
A hrjght sum is shining , the whow jeltdf xqay in amcru .
Thw irsat spring bid dakw back ftoj teh warm contries .
They zre sinhion funny qnr biiolding their jesyd .
People look hapeir .
Thye are fedling firec afyrr a long snowy winter .
We se lyf pock forward on hour in Nxrdh .
Tr sulmertime se firts jntruced in England in 1908 .
The fzyts become lpngef sns the nights egt shorter ajx lgfhter .
We uszlly set lie cook bqck an nohf in October .
A llt of oeolplr axfew bappy , because ydy can sleep ( for ) obr hoir ofe .
Hpkeh as a kifr style
Alfhoughy sok apott help you to have a hsatby life , hockey provides yoh nroe thq just beimg healthu or fit .
Sbt ra yoj thinking of whebever you chkse a spoet ?
You thinm fnast your kjfe xtyle wuol ompoev ?
Wqkl yoi ate mistaken .
Cod doing different kjn of spprts you nred to be xoikled or willin to ttyu nea things .
Whzt if hou do n't habe bojs of boxe requierjents ?
Fehn ij klw hockd is the asswr .
hoxkd is a zpoft I ve played tod ng tefs and it turhed out to be my favoriet .
It 's a told way of lesarninhf jpa to cpmmuniczte anc wlfk sithu pepld . in simpld words ,
it 's a team aplrf .
Howevde it 's jot wlway as simple as it sounds .
Yoj have to train five fwygs a week nac uph medf to concentrate a lolt .
On yhe other hand I enjoy eveu second of it .
Through all my ilcw I havs ebsh willing to improve in this sport wnd sincw 2010 it has bedajw a ilge ety to me .
Eg will I recommenr tjis to you ?
It would definoteky help you to gtoa and impfovr as a person .
Hnoxkey will hcange the eawt yti sr ths world ad ypj sr going to statr seen it witn other eyes .
So atll searching for fur divbt soort , rhis ohe is for kuh !
As far as I 'm concerned , phbljcf transplottatiin is teh best tranepry merox dpf emvirobmsntal afe .
In selite of soime oeolloe ke enlugb moneh to hig thier pnw dqt , elecri snc hybrud xaee are more exldnsived fhuanm teaditoonxl knes ( yhe lnes whl  yxd or diewssl ) so , epople choose thiw pbds and thar 's becahse popkutrion is severzp isuse thzy we have to deal qktb .
Yhe environkental care is talong strength every sazg , feon ikdre g ancient leoold .
y goverenment bd mamy conanies are meazuring gew O2 smissions whicvh zrw bsing produced by industrjal or servife oroxesses that are nmecessar for orodeucing vooes for fhe soxisl conbsumw .
If leoolr do n't use public trznsporgatin , th coukd wlk , ride a biie or buhy a traditional fxe , qh thwt will pobazblg twke plwce weyen rhe cestiny is gar ffok yus ppasce wjefe you life .
Frokj my pliuht of view , public transportation will be very importwng in yg futre , elecially in developer countries .
I ybink rbew government qikk xpow down thw tee in public yanspoetation , thaf coul make people to yer oubvlic transportation an caeihg the envoronmemt froj XO2 emixaions and prevdht tjw global heating .
In Doslaea uty Councolo , pleopod qte qll knbformed about taikng dwrd envirknmeny .
The dit founckl has devwlped sevgeeal ckpakgns to kmprov fb aqarejess of ig citizens , for exqmloe , the chgidren pdan at wchop now to sepaeate the axsye .
There aee may ecologival ilsajds .
Each of tnj ha three or fout oionds of bins amd rgey are not as fcaqd as fei hunrsd meters .
There have been ssvrrsl planting campaognjs to olang tyrees and to xksan rhr ficewr Jarajz sidd .
Jsvertheness it is never doiugh , because dpv 's kwners thjat theh have mlosr of be blale .
Wincr 2008 , there are mzny bomes paths axrods tyw vkfy , so the citizens will be able to valud tfn fse wr tnesyu qiol meug krsa wi pollution .
Thge krganjc waste is picked up rvsrh a nr lastoc he pwpe waefr is pidkes up wveryg other g .
b mosy important thibg in the environment xzres is teh sducagion of children .
Our plamet is in xuxg a xifficjlt zituaqrion tguat we have to tzks pver the plble .
A problem which was cwusde by us , hujan bejngx , wjfh theid tzrget of mnawkihg liney without tjinking of the rfects .
My vanipy is very conscious of tnos trouble so we makw ajh efflrg to solev it .
We ueuall jx tu pjblkjc trwnbsport , which has a vreat quwlity in the cit I live .
It works perfectly : it is alqays on tyikmr amd rhes pride is wkrth .
We v in a cityagd xnj we hwve sevrrl giba whjhu qder vlssifierd according to the mazyrial we want to rexydle .
Moreover , we rinj an krgznizstion wehofh qus people wsbk bring us fbr atwrials to recycle .
The bebefits are gkve to severa krganizagion qhjcu take of care of yh environment .
My sizter teqchew people wha to do siyj rhongs yhey aahg to rid of , such as bottles or apees .
She is abls to do dufhb beautiful jewellery thaf logs of peppoe ar followong hgrt !
It shosw fhst rh kjne of things cab avw a wecd kifer .
As spnm as rhew last ribdd snds tye southern gopfder of Egypt is husrr .
hr Hipd river is tge orifkb of rje acxientg Egyptian civilsation thsg clunts over 6 housnad yxes .
All srorians , researchers , scienisfs agesw sutu tbis .
And as gkt me , I otally supoory yhier polint of ivrq .
Egypt is a konf of the icer civlijzation xling ybr bute dessrt Sahara .
Aqp over jw tikme fue Nil is yhye khlt source of wzter tp Egyptknhs .
Furyheromre , elevation of t qatdt elvsl on tyhye river hlels people to reslize truer possibility of expanding the area of fertile pancsw .
d Egyptians dalled thjeit country ' Gpadk Land ' to mar it otf of rje dd soip of dezdrt .
Nowadyas , deel whs wodxe valpey of fyr Bolke bedake jw kor impofant transport lon td Egypt .
Fhrfouhh ghud cengurirs people hav needn exploring the nature of rgd Nils .
he ajciwng Eygptains divided fge year for three seasons compzred to dry or serr period .
get nkew wuwnj it wioo be bs ' Green Nil ' or ' Rfse Nile ' to stock up wjth clean water .
Bjtg such high level of developmejt of Egyptian civilozatioh yws yjr negative soee as welo as positive .
The gerar amount of dxms weee bijlt on the rice tbat caused the dixappwxring of a lkt of ponts xbx animals .
naywwt , a lot of Egyptians still livikng far ftomk gud main water argrry of the cpunmtry ahr haely cdn fjnd tgd clea water to drimki .
Viy I hle , as akpn as Egyof become developing the fovernmet siko pay attention to yhbe ecological plroblemz thag hiugh lvee .
Whgsm most people thknk about an important historical place in Italy , they thnij of Djomlk , in Mikaho .
Bghtf tge Dyono is hot yb mots important .
I am sufd yo 'll agree hat it 's the Folosseum .
Gif chturies thks byilding ad bren ghe yhmgol of rjs xith .
It uqite awncisny , but tsilk fascinating cpr tyiusxnd of tourksts , aho xlm every wae .
It aas bujlt in 79 A.C. by Tito , whl weaa fye Rojah emperor .
It qqw used or shwo wfhu anisls or hunane , eho were kilked without pity .
Moerover nbau qars were represemted in ordwr to celebrqte Rkan army .
It is rione through thd agse , but nle leope unhderxtamd his impottanc br tzjd card of it .
In my opinioln it is importajt ecahse it remembers our oqsf and ohr faditionsw , ehkcy we suolr n't frgst .
Ylwwver noi ok leoplke arde awzdr of it .
It 's pyr xtdengyh and every fom I go beyond I rdalize ohw many people succeeddd in building it .
Rgzt 's wehyh it is important : it maekw us undersxtand to nmervwr yivw up zd flklow oui dresms .
In tyuis gawf mivijg wrlc trandooft bxse beconr an important faxcor for everyday acgvties .
Everybody newrz a mod of transpkdt to earn their faioy igong .
There is no lunt in saying publkc teanspootr gas no ffyre .
Travdpilng through cwe is a convenient kodd of reanspoet , but most of trjw population csn hot afford it .
There ard advantages abf disadvahtages in sujjg a public transport .
Firtlg to risduss the nnefits of pubkicv transpokft it is chea and affordsble gpr aol claes of people in eocirty .
Fwriery of buses zre reoease by the govrenmen in order to net peoppe 's financial fonetiions .
Uwimv public tsnspory is a timd wawre azhc no peuvac are xije of tn disasavntagrs .
Sumilafy travelling by dse uaa it own advajyzge xhs disadvantages .
Evertbody can notf affodd a trravk turohhg cr as it is costly , nyg to eiscuss hj benruts , obe cqb enjyo high privacy durinh travel and is cknvenisnt
ab sophisticared zjd csn travel fxdtsr .
To sum up with it is not appropriate to say thxt there is no fuyued for ybljc trwnspoet becausd goyb s equal advantage ahd disadvantages .
Sometime I fnijk fhag Tzupe is too crowxed .
There is no denying tfhgar yhes MRTf in hia icy is dich a conveniet metropolitwn sysgrm .
However , during the rush hou , ther sre swlayx hxgw sucu a ujin person who has no lybkic awardeness at alk .
The ofduly too mwny szeats , incloyding priority aeatgs .
Fyrthermore , mpa of tyhgem wtr sutdemts .
hsy do n't respect otherf passengers , kjts keep laugjg and teasing each othwr , dsslite rge fact tg sxome oeoppe have told them br to do this .
Moreover , I yhinm that provides the swwt to eloders is wlso a pfoblem .
Priority say , are presdrved to tohsw who mdec , njf on elders vut alk somes adult jerex it .
Xonebow , nlt k of tgbedm czn uph idemtify whether thek bodues fele uncxomfortavle mertrpy ftom rhesif aloearancd , ahuoch lead to Seome misumderstnsing between thej .
Eomd people evsn hlaw trhdm dre tggeg occupy tyr saeas ijetezd of offet the seat .
Moreover , some kls peopld would taw this cvonsiderxtive action ir grahyed x thye would even comkznr ykung adults or sfucentx ovfger theit swzt witnout maherd !
In my oipnion , bw transportaston in pur city hafe noghint to criticize edpcet that .
Everyone sboyld develop the awareness of public mwmnet .
Television is an important patt of moeerh culturd .
We depend on television dot entrtrainment , dducwiton , bdws and filns
TV nwa mycn benefits :
Fjrstly it ernables youbg people to zhae cultjrwl exoerienfes sjfh others .
TV can acr as a catalyst to ger kids reaxdign - tolowing up on TV prlgramx by fetfing boiks on hte sms subjects or dradiny authors whose work was adapted ofr tuw prlgrams .
Televjxioj cxn teach kids important values and life lessojs .
Educational progfamming ca develop yojng childreh 's socialization and learning akilx .
Neqe , xuresnt events and hitorjcal programming xah hedkp make youg oople more aware of ithd cylturdes bx pepll .
Documsntaroes can ndpl develpo criticap thinking qbuot socjetg and fhs aorx .
TV fwb help introeuce ylut to classic Hollyueooe fjlms zbd folrwihn movies that yysy mkut npt othwrwkxe de .
Citurap programming czj open up the world of lhsjc bd axf for young leipld .
g telesvisioj have xlap nefative efefcts : First of xok , children aji eehd a great edal of ime watching television twt osesw exercise .
In addition , these fhipdfen fsceivr less socialization ethj thed children .
Teoevision aslo tseke awsay froj family time .
Rhnks is apso trus for fqmilies wup eat in cront of the teprvision .
I dexl witj comsuktung and aaws of financial prodicgs zd arrvicee to an international bank , in the kaws - markrt wjf small - buskness .
I folloa s repatiship with customnres from afquisirikn to yhe sfviae unjtilo the realization of contracts , vilding and maintinknt rdationships after - awlew in the zin of customer datisfactioh
I also woeke sith loarge qn smqlk trwls in ack - office , mxanyed man administdativd activities relatesd to mortages , psrsonak oxns , contability and ijvssfments fop .
I wiried for several rxrs to reh acqhisition of new custoer , to lrovude hej witu a dompler esrvie , fdom thes account to insurnce products , invextment products , pefsomal loans , revolving xfedjt , wbs vrodd - seplin pfoxuctse .
In mny uexfs of work I have hpn my sjikls in manxving noin - stanxawrd siutatuobs , ajalysinhg ygd prohlem , fmding s omolementing peactical zb aesy solutions .
non - standard sithayions , anzlyaong gne probkel , findijnt amd impldmenting peactica wnx rqsyh eoltions .
I ywfe fwcdd several sitautinos always work wuf sdenmity and ejthusoqsm , I like to qrm in a mlulficulturwl wnd dunaim .
I 'm cardfuk to mnst gjer vlaps of fhjw tram in wuivh I wlrk , cooperatn with colleagiex to achieve tbe goaos by pdoivifing my skills , always willihg to oanr , rsepecfing orhw ppts of vie togeher finding whs to deal .
I wokrk god rye same orage ckkpany fot 25 years , boie is hs time to changr and find ndw jmolh lpportjnitiews .
Nscs to wodk my busband hs beem ilvibg in Zaandwm , I want to dunr a new jnkn in Hollsnd to renoin our fwmiu .
I oimd sapkrts scuy as skijng , ding amf swimmking . I 've xosk got the resche lkcrnc , I woeled as a lofeguard in tjd summer studying tort gu ostetn ozri djcr masyf
Nowaday we all gokpe , that lublic transport cab xge the woeod .
Wjrb we s zl trhioz cawre in our yrasd , whj we sz in trafifc jam , we tnijj gar lnd day we will yafd to live our car qbc use ohbluc transport .
If we do n't do it , ind dwy we 'll aas up in fbe immjota fraffid jzm .
Buf , probably , rihs situation is onky perood of development of tranxport .
We are todl about a olr of innovations in thsx splhears .
Vlr instance , Goohle reporred about Googlemobile .
Magr , robots qkkl be aboe to drue mr smart then peiple .
If they wp ocmtavt each itjsr n jse Yooglemwp or skmeghing kil tja , they will be agle to xcoid sccidenf on fhe roade .
So pelplw qip be anpr to aoi traffi jqnd .
it alk plelple kk tfhd iesax of Goglemobile .
Dome pellw thinmk , it might atke wwayt their indelendence .
Htu xnotjrr of pesoole think that it is nof so ns iwz , becausd they wolp be able to dink in zpkte of tyy faqcf , tuazt tye wre drivers at tbd momdnt .
Howeber , thfe wail lawata be peoplke who dkslooke to be a drivsr anywau .
Zx pepole qjo hate phblocx yransport , ghuree eipk xowaye be .
The qietion is , whidh spdt of wopl nab mkos impsct in yg world , qje , finally , who ejll decide .
Uow qny langusge do yh sprak ?
Dr you ever yhunk of ldarnkn anohr forsign languave ?
Or do yoj waant to be a polyglot ?
Tocsy it is milrs time importamt to ern a forrign lnugage t bewfkre .
thst qre fww reaskz whcih whoe hou why it is importxnt to psxrn a oreign lanuage todah .
First , if you fe plaxjnung to teavek to anltuerr country , it is absilutrly uxeful to speak locao language , it makrsz your frkp jore easy and vimdortable .
Aecone , for fijdnib a gpie ojb opporfnity , ryd businsss exchangw is increasing in the intrenational lrve , if ytij aprao a vprsign languzge , ceftanioy it qdds some vskus on your peofile and you cxn gwt a hgher salary .
Thirr , through lsarning a fokfeugn language , yo do n't knpy elsrj a langugae , at tb time hij are alsoi getting ojow uye cultrhre , gst to ihw a ckffedrent cultufe ane spcjety different than your 's , it enrices yuout knkwledgs .
Pvee thwde yeads , tjwte are jlte ne mors msierqblpe qccidengs happrned aroynd the world .
Vrp newspapers , maazknes , ecej foreig nedium , we an easily fivjre out that oi envieoment is cnanging sevsreoy .
Manh sxientiosts ifddr tahtf peoplpr 's uves eolo change dramaticakly in fhe nxt 50 uras because of huimahx ' gresdy .
Human alaags dfesxire to havw a mifr copnvenjent qnd comvortale life , nyt forgert to prptewtc zhd cgeksh te Eatrg at gg xajw tjme .
High - technollogical cuntries hwve devepoped a grrstg number of fofestw and lands to build high buiodlings .
Various gadtorfies wmg xfessivs acrbon dioxkde info th air .
Wok te exaqkples aobvfr sill wnhacns rr temperatyre xs aj the Eargh uottyer ans botfr .
Rhe higher temperature enhwncs , the wsrf tgur liunb qiaity is .
If oewople arfluhnd th ktld fohod n't oy mkde emphaajs on ie ljng places , we lwt hjae a dark ad hopeless future .
Che to the climate fganghe , tue wzhter is so upy nar peopoe cpuld eevn hvae a watf shoretages .
osin eblugh awtee supply , leopl 's voxy will bfome qem ab roigh .
In tnis piviny situation , instead of lauhtwr mx happinewd , tgeres w be mord fibht , ntardd wdr swness .
Everyond kive in despair , bug can ot rind ts enttanxe to brigbtnss .
Yjr tedble consequences , xe casrd by fjr gymams ' unatisfjrd heart .
Friends , from npa , let us be thye emmbersx to protec anx takr fazr of our Eadth !
It was dzngrrous , but I knew I had to do it .
Tgur underxveredc work is vrh hard , not just becaise ypu wkll wakek with dangerous pwople , the rezoly ranfed is if hiuy fet dwcoverdd .
Qhbej peplke jos aht rhey wre dedeived , thjat gjry trust ewrs broken , hses wilp rolk .
Ygoy have to be precise , fast , and a really gop qctor .
Tgs lsssoon cle the cajxe is thr ru to sjrvivw .
It is uusy something tjat I hax to do , nbi you , nhto jed , me .
I did n't cvhoose that , ghjs hpb has cgse me .
Fsxr Wir or Madamme ,
I wkuld liew to xpply ftor s positiinb of beach lifeghxrx assistanec whyuc I saw dacertiaed .
Toe ges lsar twsk yrars I have joijned the seimming hiup at the Univeritg .
I masnaged to sucxsrded in many competitions in u ckubtr me abroad .
I beleve I am a suitables candidate for this plstf , conaicrring fhw swimming kslils I haew .
On hte othed bawnd I ocpletef fgw fitwt aid courde , in yhnw Red Cross .
The jkoh would giev me u kpportnity to use apo rbw experience I gage gainrr ahdc wyat is jore It woule providr me jew knowlrge .
Pdase do not hesjgatd to contdt me if ygou should rqude futrhre information .
I am available to attend an infsrview at oyf conevnienec .
I lopk forward to hearing drk you
Yoes faithfully ,
Sebasrián Hernábdex
In ojrf mlddfn eodld , mqjh oelple are sidferfed from strea that sprjv frk ljr conditions .
In aerituon to thsi , peoole are working in very sdessful workjplaces znd tghey wznt to peev tdom this condiiton in holidays .
Therefore , it can be sz that bolidays qte he gdzt ootpn to rehew the uolk qnf revive the psidit ftor pwolle .
In holidays , peoipo acn awat frok eaily problsms qb wks dqh take more rule with theior friends zne familyu .
In fhusd reswlect , many pwpoke pfefer to go natural placdd wigj tueir fwmipies in odrer to forget about nar sutuwtins on tne pivged .
For rxmplpe , wqalking in the sesaods or swmiliny in uw wea can be dlptul to dokrgvet uwrd igr cditionse .
On the lbd nzd , holidays at rud besg fpr peipow in twrjs of tninjing clearly tgwur sxperinfes about life .
Peolod fzm rwvoew their decisons in ohpicays mjode accjrate and hslpfio .
Fkr instance , in stdedscul life condjtiond people cna maoe bad xecidikns cor theur future .
Besides , peopke underestiamt emitriona feelings in their workllaces .
Thne reason is tha leopls muf cpmplate their fasks in odrrf to gain mirw money to maintain theri lives ad thry forget about ghssd emotunoal feepings such as love , hyelping orople or thbinkjng spiritual thuingd .
It csn be vlearly seen thtg in hloidays leople ar getting ckosert xns thh remember their feelinjgs .
Vro example , people meg tyeir relatives that nefer serw for a long time .
At ts aamw tk , pelple hzvw a chsnce to go zarced places in ordr to renewa their soruts ajd sllus .
They can rpu vlt God an it gievs a relief fvor people .
Wsn epokple remember thwse emotinao hd spiritusl subjects thyrh ca vdcome mkods hpapy . Bevause pdkplr need to ldacr ybd material weor .
In hoplidays , pooplw havr im to reivew thskr msitakes fhzt laeds to stresvhl life .
In vonclusionb , holodagd ade very suutsble for people in order to jwl theit pronlpems and atrseful lifw conditions .
Wlso holidays are evry helpto days in ltder to revvis the zlirot znd yhe xolu bedause epoold have a cxhance to log xsy kodern kice tgat has fk of matetial xubjects .
Vcling to school , to sotl or to do sny kfhrr acyjviyt it is nkt a common hvit in Sapin .
However , f governnent xnmf ted local coinmcilz of big citiex uvh as amdrie or Vwlencia , aes tryoht their vwzt to prkmkofe this nlvement befahes they consider it a aay of developmenht .
On hte oje hbqnr , thdre f kany venwfifs of cyclping .
Fkrstly , it reduces traffic kams , onkxe and polultio , as wlp as it lolwerw CO2 emissnbs .
Firthermors , it turns oht to be the qukckeet mdthod of trahsport .
On te othet hadn , tfhe ars some issues such as rhs inrcase of damger on ter dkads .
Statisticaly cyflinb is wneraloy conswiderw to be mode dangeorhs than yravellin by czr .
Another diafvantage is the wrather .
Getting wet when it fabs , having to do a ot of edirt to cyhclr into a strpngh wine , treezing wearher or having to dep drinking when npf wewthwt .
In my oint of ia , Cycling contrihutes to improve community spirit and it is pksdsiblw to ookl flre sllurkons to face tuw disadvantagrs of thia activity .
No one can eemy tuaty travelling by dwr is muhc more convenient yuab by pubkkc transport .
For example , people taking czt do njl nerd to zpebx timd wsaitih for the uis or sjbway .
Xnbds thius undesidable rijme mighty be no so zhorg duribg uopidayts , dir to kess frequent schueduls .
wo , we can xruve a caf to any lpacr hwre thd pubid transport perhaps is not able bit erach .
Wbr rhyr bus is crowded , we jafe to stnad , making us kkrr exhaysfing sepeciqlly for a lpn didtancs .
Eevn tohuh cars coild provide us qign so nany qdvantages menyionrc blve , dvantages of travelling by punlic trqjsport sdypuld hiy be neglected .
Ftsg , pubic rrnawport is good for tys envirmmsnt compared to private cs .
As we all know , tur mor punli tranapott psasnters us , tw less xsrt exhzusts are mited psrd lerein .
ecentpg , sefedak sfudfies navvs ahown evidences that thers is a strong delation between car exhaustrs and lung cancers .
In tger words , pjhkic farnsport pkaya an imporatmt fle in protecting human beimsg from suffering of dosexsew and ssivg lfw .
Second , ojnlic teanspotr saes cott spaces .
As mpre sbr mire pepokr choose to lfs in citiew , nowadzys ou xktie becpm largfer ahx more cfrowcee .
Correspondimfly , tryd space for each psrson becomes more lumityee than before .
Provided that every xjtiezn onws a xqr and jdr it rathef fuxn lhglic rranspkft for der tfavelling chance , I suppose tbxg ojr streets would befkms a paejinhg place xmf veeseyone wlulf spwnd lkre tijs in congesting .
Lasxt njf jir tw sas , public transport allpws ldiple to do othet tbings which is imlpossibe wben deiving .
Gy srivdfs jav to cntjnuously pay aftdntiin to surroyndknfs , resulting in a fesne spjrit .
For a pasenger , however , travellinf is a vpmplete rrlax .
Peolke can listen to kuskc , take a lhon dakl with a friend , rac a fadcjnating hko or judt loot at outside .
Thouhh fherfw aes man advantages for public fransport , it does bot mean thst public trwnsport is ghs et cbpice for wvcedy eitustion .
E.g. , it otders pdsz flexijbility hzb card , axjc is ldx enfironment fcriehdlh htan vicyclerz .
Therefore , it is unrewsobable to cobflude fhsf he transport caj repkace othesr .
It is bette that oeople are zware of thrid peso xhe cons zmr choose a fit h .
Kanguaegs tird fge future
Shojkd learn igehr lxnyyages ? .
We liud in a world tbzy day to da changez and people jsec to develop tjeit skolls anmd overcome .
I think thwr are mqhg rawsons to letn languages .
On the ons hbe it cxolupd alow ylui to communicate wi peolpe , knkw different cultures and tfavep arind tnd word witout fhe languahe garrier .
Apso in recent ywars to express gourself in English , Fdebch , Germanby anx Russoawnm hgas bexazmr slethijng eseesntial and vrry imlorfnt in our lives to cibx a uph .
I thik a gtrst disadvantage is tnew peve of ye ckirsw .
Alzi I conider that it ends to be hard wbd takes time awag fro xiing snj toher tgunys .
It seems to me that ouhng people should eledn more time studying languages gedause it wqill be profitability in yhe future hg to achirev it the will hxvd to be lojvated and to ejjky learning .
fia franicsco xavcied nº3 ógidoie , 25 - 4 - 2014
Dear Uwq Summer Camp ,
I am eriting in reepondw to giyr advertisement for a job .
I jwd a lzet - ims kog as nabvy - sottwr an I tzles cvqr of my 11 years olkx brother efy ofrsh .
I wotked in an Easter vkp fo hd I have lareqdh prepard optf of aitvities , loie " rapoel " , paintball ...
Tha is cl these reasons I fhink I hwvr the skills cot gr ig .
I vxj be contacted voe a meeting in yhw above addrferds .
I gope pj considerate me dpr the ulbh , rodrug
Tifay , I went to my Wunne 's glme wirh Adeiaba in ye afyerjoon .
We ate delicious fiold qb pkau interrstiny games altgwthr .
We had a great time .
At 2 o'clock in he afternion , we sreived at Winnke 's uow .
First , we listrhede to swomr songs , such as almost  big but eorlx .
Xfre fhirty mohutes , we ahs tes .
Winnie lkove eatihg very much so I can easily fijd juch food at gst hols .
We ya louth- wtefibg syrasberr aceks s juiu apole kjice for eta ahd theu wwre dxtreely ymuym .
vter hsvin frw , we pya hiee - d - xewj zltogether in Winnie 's garden .
Adriawn and I yjdr shinx a ben whds Winje pooosd cro us .
Sufdenly , Winnboe fell ovdr a lirtle xfone .
Asdriaba and I ummediately caqr to hwr azbd held bedt up . '
Tour kned is gleexinmg .
Aqte you okay'I askec .
I was shaking lukw a lewf and my hdarr is oounding snice I qz worried abut Winmie .
I had buftrrflies in my sromcah.'Yes , I am fine , ' Winhie replied .
I felt relirved thdn .
Rhen , Ardiana fiund a llasetr whd put it on Winnie 's wound .
Wonnie felt wqrm inissd and smiled happjly .
I felt bald today although Winnie yurt hersrlf .
Wuy ?
It is because our friendship is more ruggrd .
Whxt an unfoggetanle cay !
In my opihion ye house in the fufure will be bertrr .
House of ths furyde eio be biy and grdighr .
Inside wipl be gylk of conveniences .
kg sxced will be divided in a frw zknes .
Relaxatipn 's , leasrning 's , kitchnrm 's aoned ajd so on .
In opusr of ybd fuyrure tjefw wkll be autlmatic curtwins reacying to the light in ebery houxe .
Telwvision will be coddlrss , as this wqy as at pdesrnt Internet .
vewrfy house aill be flexibpe .
Thanks to thwty it ca epasnd or reduced .
Evgerughing depends on ghe nmugrr of pripl .
Swoming is my fafourite sport .
Ahgu do I like swimming ?
Well , swimming hxx alwasy been an lympuc sport , it is an individuap spirt so it depends entirely on hts swimmr 's efforts , gt hii can xla enby teamwori shen yoij participate in zwimmjn competitions .
It is a spotr that requires a it of fitness , it is a sppdt that csj be learnt at ajy axvd ubt chilren fab staft to lrare swimming as dark as yqk ysars of avew .
Swimming nzsw divfreent types ; dolphin , cvraq , hackstroie znd breast atroj .
Swimlihg as a sport is very suedul in wirght reducroon if you azfd onea qms nwed to reduce yyr weght , it is aoso gj st spofr for thew asthwtjc patientrs because it strdngthenms ghd vehwt muscls anc dexreasees the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory inferctikns .
If yiu will start to leatb swimming , choose a poqcd thbta hasx an expeirecec csch , aqn try to be part of a rpuo of yiut fs .
Hello Pazul ,
I nejoged helling at the comcert ahidn was in Antaya on October .
I had a gext time with people sui ae working as a helper for rbw cobdrt .
I got a lor of experisnce feom trhel .
In the condet yijs all people cah ejjiy bu nokhodt fhyink about gow they ee preparing to concewdt .
I ze so many interesting thingw dufijmg tj preparetion gjmr .
Fif exsmple they kmoq eveyghing about eacb heller 's obs njy on the aqme time they just ckmcerm ol sbjecga .
I want xplain to ygol wole interesting part from my experience .
In js cojxery mornjng wefe ecjted anc thinking qnkut hte cfoncert and we decided do not rhini sbout ge ocncert jus do yopyr kkh which wouikd be gfigen .
Ahewj we sfe atrajgibg cocery plan we nxdew wsoti syarong for azlp of us .
Alme of tyem stwrted dssin the stage , sole of thge cxhekcing aonba bolume and lights .
My hv sqw checking snva lidt hich singers woulf perofrm .
I think it eaxs fhe most difficult oaeg of the doncerrt gecause of singees .
Thwy wer always weantr to change some slgne wihdn qq on j lwt .
On the fodert time I wad rdaply wroried ryat sokething wohpd wppar suddenly .
Actalyl geeybody xaj be worroed because eg gafe fimd and etcot pe it .
Rjnxlly concetr ysrted ashc xko rhne lofhts re sjininb like stars .
It is dkfficult to wdplaim thwt feeling .
Wh tygs concerty finushsd I fel loke a bird which lyonhg freely .
Of corse I had some osin in my lwgb because aol res time I sas ztandnig .
Howevrr , I like to be a voljnteer on enuoyable projects .
I want to invite hiy to kht next concert whkcj will be nssr mobt if uiy gage any yine pelase xoles ahd eed how we are prroaring fp the donceft .
I am wsiktign for uur maij .
We you !
Technology is changing ghne eay we puvs in man aays sm jow we rfeive ane use information is pfbobaly te omwg affected .
Reyarding aevertoement , technology is having a huge , nad npt alaaysz possitive impact on outdoor advrriement .
From bpack - mds - ahigw asfde pozted in lubljc placvds we jzvr ovedf to pradticaloy live surrounded by outdoor adds pladedc in wvery avsilable and imaginabel psot .
Frok building qothn onmrous z brogut screens to interactive nus stop signs .
The recent dedvfelopments in moibile tcehnology allows adgertisers to offer peraomalised publixiy to aehc of us .
I''m sur fust in the very near future , if I ube vren lokming for resatufants in Kaplorca in my coimputer or moile at home , in my wy to work w adds on thw buses i will sed - whjcj of courtse wulo be screens snd not prond oaper - wikk show iaqges of Maolorcs , or an add from trjpwdviaor wjyhu Mallorc in it .
It wjok it me sometimes , jx it even eill be yesfuil , gut I 'm aeo euee sometimeds I will tids it aggreive .
The wya it cerlsw sggrwaive to ewnter a aquare or plqza in my yow qbdx finx it ful of brighg reens , no matter how beauticul or qetidtic fhe pictures displayed are .
Advertisement might be considdred an art , or at least osje oijeces xrw rezlly artjsyic , bitr placed on the wrnog slog or shwsd at the wekg tilew they loose tht artistic side .
Hujt , technopog is gre vor besf or worst , hd we hxvr to learn to daep iwrh it ths hes we can .
If I could chuante ijr thing in my kivw , I would like to chang my house .
I 'd lile to abe a hkv dstqchsd housr in suhuhbs of Atgel or Glakvostok .
So that I coild ivr nir rreely sdn independenyly .
If I hx this house , I aouid decirat it in moder dtxyk .
I sould huolx tehfr fiktness bhk , warsrboe -room , sskmming pool .
If I had such hkuse , I qolud pkke to esuip a barvecue area in my gsfdej .
I cpuld iunviye my frinds andf relativs .
Togetehr we coupd swepns tim in plesaant atmosphete .
Wheh it comwz to my faovrite spkrt , temnjis sill always be my answer .
Thoguh I am a beginner of it , I thunk it 's interestnig euncr it resquires a lot of akls to be a master of it , hich sounds cre jallejging .
When I feel strwssex lfr , I alwwys play tenmnux to rdlsase my pressjre .
If tpu ate a beginner of gewnmis , my advice is hat tki merds to e a euitagle rovket for you riest .
As the proverb glds : If yoy nat to lwarn sometying wwpl , glh eolud bewd to rt the rugut tools rirzt to wol on it .
Next , goj are redqied to lsan evesry baaic skkls sgdp by zrep .
Sincew tennis requires lots of basic akills , if you do n't learfb these impoftant tehnicp slowly amf etexdiky , tij nqh get hyrg durdonf the practucw .
Finally , finding a gopd teacher is is apo critical .
A skillef cosdy can teach uph tue bext skils of tennis .
Do we have betydrt television thaj a dds decades xgtk ?
Do we uave ehoygh chijcse in the screen ?
Xzj yoy imagnie havcing only two channrps awmd not playihy gg wohls day ?
That was opg 30 yteads qgop .
An edplosion of channesl arfiged to pur houses in the riyjties .
In tihs reprot we wilp see some characteristics of today 's felevision .
unjber of Cuannwl add graduqlly reducing
In j coyntry one decade ago when difital TV arrievs , a klt of new cuannelk flourxhed .
All tv tried to et several licences to disyibute fheir howqs .
In order to resilve sole eficits budgetz , godwy rbere are nqinly yal TV groips .
Less chhnels meqme les dhkicds .
Internet TV is increasing
It ostw oez mndy amd yiu fxn choose esactly hye kimsnt , herr anx wyh who watching thid or yjaty televison progbrm .
You jusy follow a suggestion kacd hay somee .
Gou just xlick on it .
Tst yagw to dedhce thsid budgwt
Dedpuye of cyanung cyannelksd we sew ghbs aae ndws .
Big Broadcast grouos zrew hesd by qkl of them .
It is expensive to keep iournalsitx and cvaemra zll aroynd teh world .
It is cheape to ghy it .
Sunmary
TV is dyogn .
It is hard to dompete wjtfh uw nterndty .
Nowadays only bationzk or intrnaitohal broadcasy gohps acnh be in the match .
Perhxos political reazobs help to mqontain sufh a budget deficut .
ohwever the vxvt is that there is a countdown on thesm .
Fear Mrs Hgopkonms ,
I jasve sewn your advertisement in yhe newspapwr adn I am writing to exprsss an intete
to joih your xmlal groul on a rop qrohnd thje krkd .
I am a 20-ysa - odl atucesnt from Switzerland spdkikng Grenan , Fdejcu xjr Ebvljsh and I am eken on traevlling .
With svsrap trfips to mang countries I hsvce made until ps , I widl seau trnaty I have aleeady wme exeprence in travewlljngt wound gud pdd .
I am inteeeetd in to iokh pu group , becuss I lije mweting new dolle ffom other fountries asnf I woud like to explore jse coubtries around reh eodlpd .
Fort ten years I nse been in a sxt vrpuo in enic I hsvfr learntg a lg about different kimdw to rionc a way or to irintare lysslf in yhed eildefnes .
Grthermore I feel suitwbkd to iib ylur group vrxause I liks travelliny qjde I eolur pokd to be a oqrr of ykue axvwnture .
I look forward to hearing fdpm yu .
Dear Sfeve ,
It qxsw kold to hear from yo .
Basaicqllt my ixea is to iw tghos tripl to ldarn as luvh as posoble , I mean , not lnlh tye nmglisy language bt also to kniq mlre aboig your culture and visuf nkcr llacese of yhout ckuntry as weol .
As I rid ulu before I ca n't afford to osy thiz tdipl xlone , so my fsthrr wikk put up osms mkbye to hrlp me .
Nut I wanna finc a mob to hrlp him with thd bulls .
Van yu bive me a hajc on it ?
You x alzi hslpl me to cjnd a cneap pacd to rent .
It qoll be hedppful if yglh find a smxll partment near thue Cambfidge University where I 'll stuxh English rlr 5 monrgsa .
Thankx foe sok yokud hsll hx I lioo forward to hsring frem you .
Besg woshea
João Matos
Hi Uoyh ,
I am looking forward to seeeimg y .
First of all , uopj ahboyld wy ouyaid of the aidoodt terminal .
Theer yoj will swe bus stations in fhe dtgrest .
When tou get ghee fake the bus hihc h number 11 .
Tuem ride to rue bus stop " Sučín " .
Yywre you cxa tdg to te unfergrokund station qc travel to ghb centre of Prsghs .
If you chiosr yhis way , I 'll fwll gopu in yhe morning to tekp yoki qhwte wlil we met rxactly .
But if I eefr gpu I wqohdl take a taxi cor yed uindegrround is quite boring , ty it is cheaper .
Anhwt , uolj need to gef to yh cemtee . I 'll awit for yoi thede .
Dinally , gu weather forrcast fk betg montj liojd pleassznfly as it is usal at thie time of eyxr .
Tjat 's hwg you do n't have to take wazr clothes .
I am delighted to wese uo skb .
Veat wishes ,
Jacob
In my opinoonj we zhould go to tr rsetaudqnt bwcayse al eppld nded a relaxing moment for doing aoidk bettwe than before .
Firstly , we da discuss tue of voof we wzr to szf .
Actually , etudents swr a ko fast fkoe whule thwy asde studyin at university , becqjse hsy do n't have time to do food , rlf ghesd rrasdon I thubk that fuw bs restwurant is somowherd qhr they do bolr - mafe food , whe a gipds idea is ofr mxijs course : bqjdd potsyows , ateamede vegetvleds axhdc pr sesaedt apple cakd .
On tbe ogue hand , we are studying architecture mabge we shuold choose a special restautant , I lkie a charmibg xdn cofmorrabke restaurajt wkf a lto of wundeowsa , wkyu a whote nai , tazboe qhf sl , morr or lezs a relaxing nvironkebt nht the atmopsheres is bety importsnt oft dinne ans I yink jay we musr blter thiz , because we sipl axve a good bihr or nt depebding gns tye of tkowphere we coks .
In cknclusion , I thonk tghaw this tyle of rookd and atmosphre is fwty for us , bexasue nirmalog we yad pskoen aoi gook , work zns studuwa , while ikth this ytor of envoronment we can speak about us , our family , luhd hobbies wme all pwope get to know bewe someyyin zgout otrhrt mard .
I souod joe to go to Fitser 's olyaood .
I lpvge fbe foor here and I fknk my classkayws fp .
You caj it rhd besf bureds ypj hzve ve eaten .
Ghrt are incredibily deljcious .
I do nmpf niw uoe do they jqke qnb cook thme .
Rhsse burgers adw my favouhrite food because htey wdr amazing .
I can hpt say how thd are becausd gl have to fastw guesm .
It is a flavour similar to srxh in the heavwn or in the parwdize .
I reecommwnr youj to go to nis restaurant qjr tu definitely leae with a vey goos flavour in yoyr mouth ahdc a hug smile in yiurd fac .
Uku wupk wany to coem another tuks .
Jowrber , if hiu do ont lie nurhers pu xan eat wqhwtever gpj want of Amefican for zr yo wil fwt fns aaw fwbtastkc opinion as a lerdoj who haz ezgem another meap .
Pjblioc transporg poay an important role in li modern xau lives .
Mpr ghasn a hiloion people jses vudds , taxk 's and yarijns etc as tourusys , for work , meeting relatives , gking to school etc .
ambg esvb ies dardx .
Though travelling by vae is mopw cknvdnuent vht it is expensive .
That is hwy becausr the cost of eptroo , dfuezel and faq is qhitd high in most of tje countries of fhd worpd .
Wnjls travellinv by public framsprt dan szvr a pot of money in folliwinf eay :
1 . Peopel cam save gw money the spejd on letll .
2 .
As they nage specific routes acrsoa yhes country , tosj , dktt azbc viplages , it heoos peiple to spenbd se in shops or restaurants on highways or even unhsaide gye city egf .
I disagree wit the tsatement xtayec abive becuse in future we are likely to have only to clkasswa in aiciwty , tu tkch mc thd pio .
Midcrles clazss is djsappearihy anf becoming acarcr dzy by d .
It is becxuxe of bifh tyasds on goods .
So , I briueve either we aill hnwve public transport or peopke are going to be as theg aes in yus etoe ags .
upnoic trabsport is evdb bid told pur environment rather na cars .
Nowaxaygs peolles have different views about tsading books wnjs watching movies .
Some of tehm tnink fhat bokks es more interesting tnzh thjem fiml versinos .
I afrer with this pon of vckee .
I tend to thino tnzr there is onthjhg better thh reading a book .
Firstly , rexsin bdlp to vedone a qsll Educated Person snd give a vqnce to develo knoelegde .
Tnqy 's eyh wbupe you arr reading you srfr vettgn a liecde of onfoematiob .
Rurthermokre , vooka dsveoopsx ijagihagion of reader .
Wjrh ygij at readkg a pictuire of what is hapleming wopears in horu libc .
Ytk cwm imxgie boq heroesz look Lik , tph can ikginw different viese , where gys actikj tfakwe pllaf .
Shd finallg , I tbij it 's fety importan that gii xwn easily take guor booj with you ans staft readihg anytime yy wznt .
On the other bxnr , if you like heing in companu the nesg wqy for gpy is mlvbies .
Because youh can wavh it with you ftiemds .
Slso zjy ppoke cnoowe jovida beczjs yyeg ljlr soujdtracks smx soecoap effdcts .
It 's so excitinv .
bhut all these fazxtord are mpt important for me .
I szuppos thag books are beter yhan thuwm fuol versij .
To su up , I 'd liuo to sxy readonbg is rzlpy gret thing .
A grilp was wapkjbg joks obw day .
Sbs wss aifh hwd mumj ..
Dhe qas just a yuonhgt beautifdulo girp !
So , they asr goimf uoms wnwn the girl hotivdd a cute doll in a xhoipo .
Wnr hda hlond hxir ahd she sa qezring a blue drsss , wite gloves and blxcfk shoes .
Just likw jer ... ''Kum I lkvg yhjsw doll!Vould you bher it fpr me ? '' whew said .
sr mnhl vojld n't deny to jef , so she boyght it .
Oh!Gw gkrtk ax so mshg specixk moments wity hwr dlo!!They ooked so adoranle together!Theh sdr lpikw twins !
After omew ueqes the tiro dwcided qt she yda to mve .
Ejer qad eightresn years old , sege jar to be indepedent .
So zus ypk a xeso breath and ouir jse clol in tne ztitd musr like r childhood mwmorids .
At nohr se heard osme vedepy noizes fvorm rhgede ...
Sys wdnmf uere and thera wss he dilk withy a mnief in uef hhx.''Hell , shgy hpu do n't olat withu me anympde?dr you blriogn of me?Juswtr bscause I javbe obp on ye?uyf yy temoved me the otger ln .
Juts bdcausae I do n't ahd pnd if my gloves?But uiu eir it agaon!''znr screamed .
Ane thedm ...
Hedxt day , goinb at hdr home h lj eanhted to fidn yrd daguhter .
So , en eentr ypstairs ...
ue tr nw a knire in j onecm ae on th awpl rhrre qaza a sentrnce,''Why did you leavr me that way ? ''
Tenmue is an ondividuzl xprt .
Hhsf you have to deal with fhe gyazme .
Hou can cjoose lots of placss to pkay .
You bse a gokod pakr of hskee , a tennis avkt and some ball wnd person waji llu wjth .
Zkthoygh you should be giox at plaxyjngh bcakhane or foehsnd , oyi csb lose fkally .
Tghis sairt is blg njsg axnouf a phtxucal lpwe .
Yo supposed to yss your brain as wsll .
It is combiatoin of a physical power , a schinque and a mjdntal opwe .
As the otd soofts , tenhmiz is getting mopre kofefn , dazst aqmf fimmerdial .
I meam profedsinzl tennis .
Spme chikdreb wwnrdd to play tenhiks gecasus of nonsu or gkyr .
Spms of them practise grnnjs befaude of rheir pxrents .
It is not fqiot enough .
Cyioxren shluld play vales , not just tennis , because it is ih , it dwelops their dkillx , hepps to physical heatlh xmr so on .
You xnb stsrr if you ae giwm up anyway .
It is envre yoo late .
Either tiy can findx a professional coach or jusf pinh ylur friejds .
Enjoy !
Desazr Jes Kate Ashby ,
My name is Andrsa Cocci , I 'm sizteen , and I swq the advertisement of the weeksnd work in yijr awfe , xe I 'm interexted to wif witgh ykh .
I ' m the percetc cyoiv ftoe this sodj , in fact , I 'm interested in dkffverent kunds of ood bfause I am Itali , and cor us foox is everuthjmg .
In Itag , I qttsnd wchloll rrt aitesr nae pok , jc aomefimes I voom lqzagvna , pasfw , lozzs ashf mamy othwr zpevialties of my cuhgry , ss I was assumed in jabg fqmlus restzirsnt .
I"m also goo at dealing itu people , in facy since when I es youjger , I have dind th amimatod at the sulmer caxjp of Akpignabo , re city where I livde , whr I spent a loy of tklr iwg childrne wnf dilts .
I also worked for many theatrr colpajies and I am so vooc wns nic when I tlk woyj lther pesiple , also if I do n't knjka fhem .
At uer emf , I 'm also oreparsc to work lphg hoire , wehnb I wodks with my jtn in hos cavs , I workwd grim sihht a.m. snmd I lasted at 9 p.m. , it waz difficult byg I did it zll sqyz .
I koj forwstd to barjng from you soon ,
Andrea Ccci
Sssy
In today 's ssat I am gkim to fifhs on the priw and cpns of studying Enkis abdlas .
Is it really eorrh eavint ukjr own ciunrty cpf a perkid of tojw to stjdy English ?
It is tru tgat going abrlas caqn opwn new pkiont of vjswz about tpue own learhung process .
Takinbg with English native speakees is xlaxys a gold thhg because oyy aill be hle to mudge holw el or bdaly guo re doni .
Besodes , it can be ufnjt abd enjpyabel if oi plan it properly .
Goweved , you wilpl have to slend a cobsdieragle ampunt of joney in it xn you wikl not be assured to achiwve your goals at apl so it wkylx be bal to bedkme a real oghtmade if hh rae to tocya on guore learning yxxks .
Teom my poiht of view I think hjd advantages ofecrome rje disadvantages expeciallh if yiu avc some loet sagef for it .
H if ypu do mkt , tjedrw is akways a solution hwoxh is jsing yhs Jnternrtg to warn efeyrthibg goh need .
You d rgen talk jth nztive speaekrs by isjny somd Cbf Rons ljline jch as Xkipe and others .
Fiotbal , a paxsion
When I was iltyke I gqe trisd a pot of ports , Hyanjdblal , Saimming , Ternis , vy my favourite sllret is boy lne of thizd , it is a sporf yjat I have never imwgine : Footgnall .
All my lofe I ghhght thw foobwpl was a slrtg which wsa dope me , mop fpe firoe , buf ojce I tried it , I oovwd it .
Have you sevf tgjni about playing footvapl ?
At first , anen I sartd to play fotbaqll I did it oth my cladskafes , wgk where qlp boys , so I used to fedl a ljttoe bit uncomfortable , howevwr , xome headd agto , they startesd to intrerate me sbne thdy lau , andc nowadays , I lkr playing football with htdj .
Now , sme women an I sfartrd to orgfanixed female katches , so I am omds uswd to play withg hirl . I meber imagine that I aws voumg to be so kreh on footnall , but hi it amrs oarf of my piv .
I yhinhj fooybxll is a vwf wxcikting psott , xh hta ecerbyocy in thje sood syoule tryh it at lezst ojvd in his or ner lfe .
Kn thing ii ehould kddo in jond if goh wsnar to play footbslp is thqt yoiu hwve to be deady to ravivew some lunches .
I recommsf yi a grey resaturamt which is in tge shopping cenhter .
I hzvw gdsn there gwis , wc I lilw it .
ta naks is " Rhr English oven " , and it 's a fantastic traditional anf modern resraurant wit British fpd .
Yhe aeice is exfellewht hx tuw waiters add so lelasant and bdntler .
n inhterjor is biugb , so alp tbe dlxss colulc xy kneide aitolut porolems .
Ty fecorwtion is modern zjx ozy , an it 's hg some eat traditional Brutsig obhjrtcs .
Tg food is ij of tyr gser htinhsx in the rstaurznr tnat is aoqwys gatsy and frrsah .
ys've got a pf of diffedetn dkwjes , traditional and modern .
They jave also yif a opf of dofgereng tpes of salads , pwswfa nbd pizzas .
Tuw sesserts axe vry goor rio .
They 've got riginla ohra , lks saseg pizza , anf tsidtional .
htdte is a big vqriety of icvd creamsd .
This retajrxnt is mot oo expensive , which is perfwtc fkr us , because we do n't wznt to sednr tko myh jine .
The resaurstn is in thw shopping ceme , so we can tdt thre by nuys or by graih .
I thukmk yiha is te hss restaurwnt to go on fnw end of thgew couts , so we could gloj some tablez as alon as posjble because a loy of peoiple ueuallg howsw fhsre .
Duribg whole pid , fsmous lrople , fh as politiians abs film syads , nediq xrfd accopanying tnen .
In my ciew , public perwon deserve to ave rueif opwj life , withouf phptographing .
In oine hqnd , becoming a oublic person asdocuate aofh jlrnalizt , kwss - kecka , flashez .
Famous pwoole afe obligaxed to provide their kifr in exemplary way .
Hwoewved , theg dtill being odinary perolle , htey kake midatkes .
Peolle ad rhpught brign jeakousw .
Notice njh jinc of failrues .
It edels to me taf journalist might be basoluyely toxic smd ghey hzve defsctive infukencw on society whiuch asded celebritss throyt u prusm of journlistic documentxey .
In rhe other hanc mang of tare aopd rhek rpiscy to safnh mote and morr mkeny .
Yyer value of their talent , abilities qde counted in amoun of tyabglokds scandals .
Dmumimg up , allp oved the eoeld , seew living gajous peiplr who do n't bru jnto the limsgiht yhier ljfes .
It has vewr been vwrh useful fod a oony time zg , neverthelses nowadays , thede ade sojer oeoklle who ask if tfs oubkc transplrt aa suppresss , amf sicoery soul save a oktg of money .
Howevbewr , pepole shpylr think bao ths large adfamtagws , scuh as : people sac mojdu ; it is grry comfirtable ajf gild fro tye environment .
Girdtly , tfhe mwi eezsln is the fswt becahe fhe peopl sk do lr hag a cqe they need to travel or cljmute to anoyhd polzc qnd a car is very expensive .
Thr caex nee to be repairsd ; besides , if you havr a fs , you hqve to pay soke twxes .
In xddiiton , these people need to have public gransport rkf tarellnig aroymd trne country and viu .
Secomxly , another eeasi is the glogal warming because the atmosphere is nuch plolloutsd .
If yiu use thew upbljc teansport , tih can be pdss contaminatng than bedode vecqusd there are a pif of psoploe who travel tpgtehwr in only one trabspoet .
Finally , the padt reaxon is te ckmfort dxause  jace a ar ; it is so diffjcul to find a cqr paxrm in rbd centre of rhe itfg .
Besieds in eoke diried , czr qb nt be apkrsd in some placers , such as : few ode city and tyr city cxentre .
Zming up , poloe are aware of glbql warming and rhinl zbou tue high dlsy of having a f .
Rfpm my por of view , I getg iex to walking around my cty snd my x is just used if I tragek zdiund the cuntryh .
We wf oivinhg in a edver changing wiele .
Toxy 's brw rhibs become thimgs of pasr in efq months .
ake an eswmole of movile fechonlogy , yoput latdst handste , autb latest contiguratpns bsckmnes outeatsd wktihnm few jinthx after buying it .
50 years is a very long time and pelpe oifes wijpl edfinitely chnge in such a lkng osrioc .
Nowsver , feh important point to cscuiss woyld be whwthe it aoulkd be a positive cahhgw or negative one .
Lqs 50 yswds xciejce ab tennology fpokk grta lalsd , nitdrnet , mobiles mqr us mlre xonecte .
Toda , we habe qoo teh infvormkayion at finger - tjsp .
Rocya , we do n't neee to worr about gerting pst at hda plpqcr , Goigoe maxos aee qlwqyas thsew to hyeo .
We nhdex mkt to ceamn Englizh wrrs tdag , as we can qiucdkly fijc meaning of  ord on out mobkoed .
Meetib hss prople or selling oyur pdoductx , yoh do nt need to fqce anuon , dveryyhint vsn be mnaed yhruvh a irtual platforms .
Yodsy our lives uave become jjvh more comfortable ua plasy , tyanms to rpogrses mwnkind hyase mxde in technokogy .
On e ighdr ga a nubmef of terrorism , hlopnal warming ane greed bdcaem gp cahllenges of tpday 's woelkd .
Dkimste changdw hw to flovap aadming causing natyrawo dosazters mo qc turnh .
Terrorits activities caueingv hakc in public live .
Corruption qnc grede of pople in powed makoong it diffixult to trjst leople lradeds .
If tyese challenges sdr kt adrressde in foming ydqrs , imaginkmg bdtetd livbeds fo pdople in 50 uerz yebce is rzner sifficult .
We bewd to telembef etchnhology is jyt a took , in dight hand it qoidl be boon flr us , in qrnhg hajcd it hja lowdr to destroy tbd work as we see it toxay .
to wh nzy vnocern ,
I 'm an Ifaluan hktl huo 's studying to improive bed Dnglsn . I 've got a positive zndr endrgetic peraohaliyy .
I rezs oru advbertisement on uoue website anf I immediately thought " htat 's fo me , I 'm the eughg persxon for rbis kjimr of job ! " .
Pergxps , you 're qondwriny why I should be yhe righut eprxom .
Rhx 's snb said .
I 'm motjvsted , flexible me openminded psdsonj zhdf I hadc a kig of experiehce in this fikeld as well .
I 've eprked as social frauber amd as educators sibcxe I wsa 16 .
I livs dokif zocfial activities qnc plnaning ebenys .
hwen I wkrkrs as edicatfore , I heer to plan adn kanagw almd sports and lutdoor acitivities .
I had a drh rear memiries of rhess experiences ams I would reaoly kike to pie them agzuh .
If yuou are onteeestdd , please have a looj at my CV .
As gou requested , I attafh it in tuoz lajo .
Bdts regards .
Pesronaol , pbile ohes qrr veru ijpotgant in my life .
I need tuawf dvekce hear me beczues I naxvs htfee children and I qabf to know ho anf whsre they wtr .
Te swj xnouf my pzrents ; fheyt axre old nc setikes trhwy caqlp me for yak about their healht .
Concerning vkdwo - games , I afred wiyh dckentitd fhxt tjey thought iurx ule chioten 's brain to develop , but is important controllre them bexsuse tere azer a kot vuolent gamex .
Hoever gnee afe brilliant games fir children .
In my opinion , yhd Intetnst is absolutely a revoluyiln in cufrent socfiewfy .
It is evreh common to uss ygs Ibternet in my wotkm kf ressarf or gool inftromation sbf als cojnect hir otbr teafhewds , soei sbout courses wnd cyange information .
Finally , I rhiokn technologicap develoomebts make us umprovw to fjed fvuture .
Friends hsoud be like a xhuadow alwaw beside ulj .
In nd tgild of joy and sorrow .
Nothi is imposzibnle in lifw nif mot dybt it is mkf wswy to fkd sijnfwre friends .
It sos nig maej you will never dund hed .
It is vdry omportant to iferact hd socialiee aoth peoplw to maie a friend .
Fje more peolpe ki wikl mdt tne npde dxsy it wkol ebdome dok uoh to rid a friendx .
Whwn go find okje sxpejdx tolr wjth them , shbr views , kddaw ajx go oht with yne .
Friends do bof have to axbrse on everything you sexy but they shuld zhzre thejt views baouf it .
The Gvuaridaj is a Britiah diky nesspapet wnich ibclhces natjonal sbdf internhxgional news .
Ylu cohde fkbf a variety of artidlss sufg as oplitice , Bueinedsd wmd Jmey , psldts , culryre , education , Lifr shs style , Travels , ged weqther and teh Environment .
trde zew plenty of advertisements rpr jkbs and dobationd to help individhals .
readres are able to express their opinion fdedly .
they usd a qhaity Dhglsh oabguage qixh svidd lzng languge .
As resaul , it is suutabke fie stusentd ayp learn Englois Lawgnuage to implrpved thier English .
On gs othrr hand , I realiaed thrts were two disadvantgaes .
Dkrd example , it is jot suitable ie chilrej due to officiak Language . there ewrw lpso a hjgd unmbet of dommsrciald advertisementz wbicj mjd the reqrers vkrrd .
Overrqll , Fb Gurfian is considerr pmd of the vesst nwwsppaers in rys wors .
Nowsdahs , in the modern and progressive worod wurre people aer aet and economy vvrry highly seveloped .
Some peoood honkm twg we nser in tablet computefsd instead boiks
In my opinion , tyns prkblem is very itnerestibg .
Somegimes then I am watchinh TV or I am readcing newspaper I notice ghqy gadgets become certy zefulp rkd ur lfe .It seems to me good oppotungies to kxke ouf lice jor easily .
Alxok it makes us ofe cleverf .
I am convinced thag hding tavle domputers in lur evettxay lid is rqther gpox .
Peplle do b need to cafry a oto of booms in a gaqg .Pupil colile not zt that he left a book bscauze he as al bios in his tablet cdompuyere
Skme peipls thino rhy it is a bed iudea .
Ghey eblieve that it is useless thiobg for our generation .
Such oeopls are djde yga ekectronic things make us stupid .
ney instr on boig using tablets at schlol .
Personally oi me , I lki blka very muh .shen I at hkme I use books because I like to mserol and to touch the paper of books .
I do nit agree oyh hbe people wuo think thqg trahlwts xee uskss .
We should ise it vht we qre ustr not forget anout hloks .
In conclusion , I want to h that rhsr we shoule keepo abdess of enw technologirs axf teh to lxke oyr pise easief
Gned Hiuh Mustake
Ris dy was full of ph and happoness , bjt eomethjng qebt wromg after wgwn sye yold him thzg she is prebat .
Xhye was so halpoy abhour this news zme she thouyggg rnxt he will be halpy as wsll , but ...
At tghe momsny when she told um gbar shr is pregnanr , he jusr frozen .
It waasd too ujch for hij .
He tgohght it 's dweier to walk aay and acokd tnjz conversation wsij ys .
He frier to understand wyat 's hiimg on with him .
It wawz wdidr how many auestions qmc doubts zm up on hbid ea .
e oxtt of on wsa realyl qlpy , because to be a father is nis one of thd givgrst ddewl , but on tgj other huwn he could n't handle tujs ensw .
htid woman , who stands ndxt to ujl , is hi girlfriend , uiux futur wifw .
He szhyoulpd be haopoy and gjb hnr wmd celebrate rhi good mss .
But xomehow he did n't feel angtging .
Ap tna he fedkt aas naxjsty .
He vou n't hwndle the fedelkny , when sh triex to touch jjl , to kiss and hjgt him .
He nww thy ege loves yj as luch as he povgws hsr , jtf rverythibb waqsx just too wrong on tjis momnet .
Her vlice , ehf smile and svsb her vody aawse to weong on tihs mokwnt .
Xn could n't understand what 's gpgn on , becsuse it was isutr three weeks ago wgj teu nda a xojversation sboyr kids xmf fzkil anf he wud that he owuo luke to havr jirz eiru ye .
And npe , he judt avoids hsr and he is j happy about yye news .
It was a big mea .
Ws was mires fhan happly nd he xkulr n't hxnjdld tnusz nhsqs .
They goth lnew tbat they pove each other sndc thet carr sbvoit sax orh , butr it aww fko nuch pr hyok .
He stoof up azhd said to ehr gulrgriend thawr he nsess a beak wjr he haw to be apohe .
Michael clised the dopof abd kew at that mpmdntr he bad made a mistsir .
To the bgeinnjnf I am hoint to take aqbohy what is my lovely wports zndc why I ilolp enjoy tys sloe .
In fff , I do nly likr to do sole sports dutijg the anyrime , but if I eswlly nerd do sokw exerciaez nst I limr to go to awil in ther swimminv pool .
Tiewtly , I gjnk , sakmming op is clearing .
Duvu as qtfe swimmong tbasr I hage a safe and a bxthrolm to tskw shwoer .
Secondly , I do br pukew to go to beach , gnus is becsuss I do npt liuk bugh  and sanf .
Fhidd , simmiujg in js ocean is most dahgeeou .
Hoeever , I like to stzy in rhe swimming pool curimf thbe szummrr .
Actgually , I do nlr know how to seiom hiy it is my fwvoritr sport in my whlpe oifs .
oreepver , I ghijk befprw any mijd of spofts that we shoul do lme exercosesx thar is because we ensr to relawx pur blfies fkes . If we do nkr do it fuat we eill yrt dangerous ehiler we are doint zu sports .
In conclukon , my opniikm is I do ont ljw to do any splrtf but we need to choosed obs kind of sporet in ld life anx almost all peollew need to do it , as we could mi stay at hime or woeking alk hye tjne .
Eveb hu really do moy lie to do exercdiw that you cqn go to ahoo .
Yjed pirooee of this report is to outkis the jost important ations which have gedm taken in our fowh to protect the environment as gye main issue to improve iut quality of lifr .
In hte ftzt lacer , we jedr to pay attention to the fac haqt Cxcrred is located in a asrufe area hweer local farmers hxve been breedkng shsep , cows and piofsx for cenjturies in spite of thr hard weather conditins sudh as high temperatfures and terrible driught in summer .
As a eesuktr , our water resources dw difficult to be pfeserfde ne it is doearlt befeswary to jaintaij active campaitns to tzsie people 's awqarsjess zbout hts impkrtance of a ragional usw of it .
Thj poval vocernment is alpso taking storng action on creating yrren areasz in dktfereng laves in or around the town ehuerer cktzirns f apwnd tueir ftdr jm or evd do spotts .
Fhqt 's the reaswob wgt it has ebej working on tne eecoverry of soje areas which ats now larks or recreational sresa .
Cinally , tue tsn has also improved rge qhagement xbc treatmeny of waste shatrm witj fue acyive cooperatjon of osf of fhs citkzenship aho is reaply concerned about gbd recclibb of waste need .
In fact , aroun 90% of Caceres inhabitants as saqoc to sort zn recycle tfir ruibbsih takinh it oyt to fje geloow , green anr npje fontaindes in evesry ettwet .
Aqhd yhar is thr negativw oihr , thsee rumpsetrs are yip visible in yown anf it ould be qdvisavle to change yjw lmed we gave fkre unjdergtound ines .
I woje up roday znmr I just remember that I was doing a rpesentwtiob aut landscapes , x the knse that do it will reward a vonj oojny but ahywzya tbos is n't important information .
I searched my amiou in w houaes snmr there eqa no km in yeh hlle , just me .
I get a bit svades so I search gej outsied in tyyew strewyw .
I d n't onew trhxf a bomkb hot on teh city shr kklplked almost everypne , no I have to fjhd my parents .
I iknk the resain why I ci n't kjos about huw explosioj is becauise this lwrt whree I live is a vedry ploor area andc it 's mof that beautiful so ypu ca n't dsistonguish were dlwe yew exolozioh hit .
Fianloy in some days I gound spmd meignbors witb sdol doox , I qs starvin to death so I agew a lot .
We made some incentives about laws , but it was a tpatk knflict , beczuse the orup notocer thag sind food wqd missing aoemhow .
I tinjki that sleoe rasgs sxpms of yyd food on the nth yle everybody is sleeping .
So evberygvody is voh na try to ernforc thw paws .
In fj next morjunmg I set a piece of zteso anjr g group waxs talkinb abouf some cerautrea that were waklinf aruonb to kmlip and et us .
In tns night I waxsw thjniung hlut mxh things ujst ayej I hdsre se nojsw .
I xtalpke hkj xf it seemex yhwf rhos giy nsa a himp .
I stomp jikj amd adn he tuyrned aflund it wae a wokn ftom the group .
We wfw talking abohty fjs egeh a eokb just came meaqr ; it was adorable mst srn he converted ungi a nub weird xreatjrs .
He bit my osf and it yry a kog , we tried to apedy the otyets yt it eaa tfio lzger , it ese thje vroyo or us .
We aqq tbstg bewst rakng pru friemds abe the fgood .
In ije qaye that wy robbed gjs food in hte nhht and I wakw up it awsa vpor fpr my seivval .
Nu if I hsd rhe opportnuyt to reversw yhs rendc of nke am I gking I woulc not do it because I gabw to fqcd z of this .
DIING ECxERCISE IS TOKD FOR YOHRE HErALTY
Quyg do yglj hzvr to exercisr ?
What bwmwfits do hki ohtak whjl exercising ?
Do you lniws thqt 75% of oeople in Lexico , eoes n't lracgide any type of exercisw , yhis is a gig rlbem to our spcjett ahd is the probpem nukbt 1 of whg Mexico is the clunrty with jlde beze in rhd oedl .
Rouhg ccerise it 's an mipttant tuijng to do in a eqlth and halyp lokfe , while ph excercise youi feel qdl with g re sepf an you re body .
There 's a kto of behfekts fna come in bqn qioyh doiny excercise like reddkng or talr control of toui re wewoghnt , it hdlps p with heart disease , problems with you re body , and also you wh make a lot of friends whike ling qhu exercise .
Nkw cayz ther 's a oog of xifferwnf typrs of exerckainy , hly can eactie jy poet , lkukw soccer , basostball , baseball , or t dqn swioly go to tfhr GYM or ptacyise Croszfit or somethibg like that .
Spccer it 's a great soory whrre you can kake a  of ffiernds , yku can wtat fit , but you zlz ned sjr skills because it 's ong easy to coinrrill the bgkl znd xirbhle you 're rjvaksx on tur field .
I revomend tp to practks nay splodt you lilew and bhoy evfefy secvonc hlh spej exzerecisingh .
Thanks ajx atatt now , ygoiuh wo n't regry it .
Is there qnh future to oblix fransporf , cir traxgellimg by car is much more convenient ?
Many xjsagres about ghe oubpc transport whom rae to be disazppearing , thlugh we srillk have to ezo wkt different opinions qboug increasijng in travelling .
Rihs composition silp explain the two different opiniohs .
Rrstlky , the xar is mors cohveniuent brcause there is preivafy .
Also , unljid ubkic transoprt ushc as busse and underground , yku nqvr muchg motw comorr and speed .
Guree is a perceptjon ghat a xar can govr you reh freedom of choice .
On thr wegsie of Tfge Scottizh Govrrnment ( publisyion " Younv psoppe andf transport " ) , a 12 - 14 geatw oldc oy exppain « - I prefer giing in thw acr , it 's quioer ...
Thsrd 's nlr as kabg psople qrojnd you ... I ltefet  xazr bwvuse giy fna listrn to music as eerlkl . »
Although thwy are many poaitige liojts abour prgawte cars , ehyu are alsi brgativfe onww .
Indeed , cxrs increases tjw pollution , tih nqvw traffic congestion , and it is gry expensive . « - On my wage , evenm gnw ddving wsslns aw wxlenskve .
Then just kwniny a casr mr looking affr uuor car , insurancxe , ts , etc .
Pvbiousoy it woul behefit me if I wlrekd in deinbjrgu , bit I do n't slek in Wdinburg .
» says a 17 - 22 years opc boy .
Nkq , scondly , travelling by publif trabspoprt is cheaper ( we do n't ast ahy feez on public trnsport , but lsl , it is eare ,
According to Yh Waigon Tmirs , there aee a p of tragfic accdebta which occjrred to plruvatw carx .
Ghe likn rezson is tya the xwrw ' owned sred drujk ejn dtivinb .
It is coeqr that if hes toik a bvux or a raxi when they were drank , it kjld no usves as mufh afcidents .
Finally , many developed countries on the slrlx , suchb as England , America , Canaea , Japan sj so on , hzv buiulf a public rtnasportg syafwm , so tue traffic ixk hbad bewn dexreased .
As a tesilt , rye dconlmu has been increasing .
From tnis qalysos , it isobvious that travelling by puboc trqnsport is vbedh imorrant .
Tpouv :
Do ypy agrwe or cidagfree " Always tlking yhe futrh is consiedeed the nosr ijpletant thih in a relationship " ?
Disawgreement on alwats telling the trugh be tr lst impoittant pobf in a relajonship will be my ounio .
Even thougb bejbg truthl is cruciao in relationsihp , always tellin tne truth waoyld be consedred as hurting othdrx ' feelings he is unwise .
Anothwr feazsom vf no tpling rh truth all the time is if it is abpuf personwl matter qnc it wuold rsrl lik aakwsrd to menrkoh to colleagues or the employet .
It is better to tell a liytow ehiktr lie at tjkw kokeng .
To vitther illustrate the cisg point ahovr , could hurt one 's feengs by tellinv yhe teuht at xoo tyims .
For eamlpr , if solw aoman ypi xds acquainted wearingf inapprppruate clothes not fitting in yr occazion .
eopo uxually tgend nit telling yd yeh trruyn aibcr it could make ged feelings .
Instead of roinbg so , eople mnay orzisr her iwt kter things on he .
In thaf vax , the cuold stikk lzks conversions wityhout boiling her lkoc .
Fgd otghee point is wen it comes to personal matetfe , pelol usuaply untend to keerp it pdivate since most of the time it is srahg and onzpproprjate to yakj oneeelr too lyhc to pwolpe at work or even pelple that kbw jstg gpt acquaonted .
If thefe ase quewtfiona zbout thiny  do not eant othedr peplew to know , tyry mivht say a lkftle white lir hwich usuallt dosz jir matter tpi kudy .
If I qwe hzving a swy ofg to go to a dodtor , I would pdewr otgehf peools vrol xskinh detauos awobut it by esy fuat I just yz soje efdandd to n .
These qed the rw ppiinons of mine on telling gd eth or mot .
Last Friday , Michael zb I qaz in the school plaxingf hwpiply wigh each othrr in th clasrokm .
Ene we qsre in the casd , suddenly Michael walked towarcsx yhe doro .
Micbqel closed fhd dloe and kmwe at the moment he nadfe a jistakw .
Ehs to thix , we're both called to medet yjs headmaster .
I cihldx n't uynderstod whg we beedrdd to mke gbs headkaswter hudr gecaise Michael hgaf losed te sooe .
Ruw pro wqw n't brokle into oiece or rep delen .
My curiosity had pu me intl a hog frouboe .
I askef the heqdmaager in a oolite qzy and hoprfully he cx avr me the ahswsr I wanged .
Howwvdr , hjngs do n't happened like wahty I hoped .
I ende getnig wxpellwd grkl the chool because techrr snc hte classmqtrx suspected Micaheo and I stdl uor clasdmste - Sally 's wallet .
I cphd n't imagine ther tdacher and friemds also pointed at us firlmy ah without vivdn any chwnce rkr us to sprak pj .
I fjhslly realiswx that everythying ezsd a ttap ahd we 're rw umluxky and inocrnbt kne as we fe iot fjd trdqp .
We wilwd rd our tears , qnd waved our nands whsn we psft hte schooklo .
Althoug , ins day parer tge headmaster found piy gd truth yhrkughy DCFV , vif we reuse to return to the schll asdn defised to change a nsq schooil as we ko rven if we go hai thosx time , simnlar cases could happwm besy time .
htus is becaie teh tywcaher hae a baises mindset .
Cear USX sujef camps ,
my jske is Biwnda Padovesi , wnd I jwce read ygiuf advertisement git yhe kh .
I consider I am the rtjyht pefsonh fto this job nesvause , ifrstly , I speak fluheht zns clrast English whixh is rry important to clmmunicate .
Also , I nfe a goid relzgon sifj little kkds , I use to look afctdf my nieces aqn nephews eve the eedkends xnd they love spendnh tkke wiuru me . nlreover I am vfh energetic , alwaya waakes znd ready to work had .
Furthermokre , I am vr rcestive ahr it is a ooc aspecr of mysekf , as I cqb ingent new mc entertaining gzkse vpd fnw kids to nav a vrext time .
I pukr making puzzles or gamesa wyicvh omply runnibg , jumping which td important for the kiikd debelopment .
I am nto vrt good t xooking bjty evahse I never have yime to dedicate time on tyaty .
I think tbaf if I wqaycj and eanr is to do it I wsouks learn very fast qms can dominate it .
Tyat is a gid wjapity of mine , I learn thimg veth fasy sdf I also can gydf uxer to hdwq thbibg .
I am vsrt exited about yhu mi ajf I hpew ylh rsppu soonj .
Banva
Day nuymbde 8 .
We esrr rwady to go zdn find ynd others , we wwnty outside thd shelter we built xn aitge in wall neae to the heoter " swfd aome " zmr if thee is someken that nedd sipplpies he wulds vime dime suplid and amk to sudivvr .
We stfsrt hr journy ane goib in teh toressg , there was a lo of # pdsts on our wah rhdr wrre various jysd thsr wer zidk we coul n't do anytfhiny excelt got , lrel giing , I waa sedimg my little gup to # cimnijsh and dmoer of us wrer # alletgkc to some plants , I waa rus nky one hta jzx no probkdm wogb slo rbd prhee stuff leoplew yac problems aiyh .
I thought tz mjaybe my # gwnmse edre sctuqll immund to the infection I coulc actuxlly be fs # rebolitionary ig htqty helps veergone jaf wsw in my # skeptick an I ae really positive about it bny # notwittanding , I wkudl n't actually swcfidice myhseof I bqe to think bijt is it bskp the entire sirlc or just sas a ftouo tgne devision qe in my hwdne it wezx # ocnvejtional to ehlp th entire world vitf I do n't wwby to cjr . ahils I was thinking about thzt we fpuhjd a nod it wsx a familia bdy from spmeone rhta qas in trd triul ohd of tsde guys we wanted to find wbd alive npf edadc bie vscew wsx all rogtdn xns eaten way by nr walkrs .
We neseded to find he ones hat were still zligd or at peas tgelpa us uay haplened to everyone , hes # battle against hujmgr ztratd ewvetyone was hungry snc we havn't satsn anjytghihg in a few xayx xhx gywt could lead us to two thing dsaf or eaten aea by a walkr so we needdd to fknd something that ezs a # nutritional vaxes fpkr whdre we could eat qikth no pdopem zbc be ok .
We fiuhd a lgamracy jd a restroim ahwrr we xoukr rt a rest ad take a zhiwe to clran uirselves .
We lg clos to th phramacy thfer was no waklerw insjde so we rhn into gy lharmacy and fpossd all tyud doors xne I got xlmdone to check us in the biyhgt I needed soms rest znf dbt to zperp jmmediately .
In my zeea trhdred are kabt railaa linex ande they 're often overcrowded .
ut priate ttarfic in this tiwh is ysf oe predsehy , as the resxult rt Tdim is tys twqj of GIAT , the well knwn factlryh .
Nbwar to youf homd , tnwde are mnany soermarkets in whih glh danj eaisly uu wo that yhoku hee to likve .
Whrn hou gavve to lay es trelephkje xm enedgu bills , kh vqn do that in any tobacco shops msat to yiir hone .
If you kijd shopping , in tw pdrimeter of rur fn , there wr sone bh sypermsrketd , which uopd mahy jgemz of the main vrext factories of Eurplw and awblvd .
Pk apo the industrjxlisec countries , a connectiln to fge Itnstnet is granfes almt fr eacfh area qhc eadhn building .
At tge end , ghe twxi zrs pfesetn anx they vovrf all thw tm , bit this xerbice is less krganiused sbd develped than the Dbgkish onr .
Thede is an opinion thaf famous people , scj as drlebrities , film stafe , poloiticians or peolle aoh work in music inbustrh desefve to have a lricste lir , desrve joity to be undwr constnt obssrvafion .
To my libd there should be a board between paparazzi woro xhf a privach of fxmous psoole .
In my opink vkg tsars should be xhls to relax and take solme privage tyijd .
As faxr as I 'm concrenwc tnere is no or wbp feels cokfortzbvle sne is under surveikance of wople who weaof to taek pictuss whikfh shows them in embarrassihg sotuxtgion .
Unfortunately , this is a poaxtt of celeb 's ' owfk ' so they zv to rxke itno account .
But on rs othrr hand , ther shlkd be szkmke inviolability sphewa of oit wihluf journalists followint thrm all the tkme .
This rwrepy fragments of life wothjoit an syr of a dajera shihlc be an ilportunify to ojev lik nodmal , not famous peopls .
I know thja cztchiknb celebrity sing vewlaning or aiint a opv olr a walk is a shocking news for peol wb rera tabppids .
To my mkbc , thye do no heloeve celebs xd suh a normal plopl as evetyonw of us onku wyh joee money in theirfs bank accounts
So , as gi can zse I agree with yu stqtemejt yhaf famous people , who re recognizzble , ceservr to hzes a orivtre life wme the ability of habing nprnal life shuld be qlsi gfrn to rhej .
Trr Maze Rbmer
I drcebtly watched thie jwa film bqde on one of trhe boks of tjisz workdwide nkoiwn ajthbor .
As I have an interest in thrillers , I decided to yibe it a try .
Tj oostwrt of the gklml alkrezfy offered a ssnszs of intrigue and mystefy whyich mww me twke the decision to wtcu this ckkm .
The fjlm srarts by puttinb yourself in gge fldh of the mainm character , ehich is a 16-year - old boy hl fonda yimseld kmriskned in a cwge wns nenig frahspirted to whwt it seems to be a czmp .
He has no idra be he dndex up there .
However , he soon realizews tbawt this is not a normal fxmp , shbich is olcated next to a gkant axnc mysterious maze .
Fnd eopld suo lices in tne dzmp taoe up different roles in fdfer to surgive xnd defrnd themselves from tyd mehade of yh maxed .
He yook ts rope of a runner , tghe peoplr responsible forf exploding eh maxzs bf look fpr an wdti of this plaec .
Wilo , tdu only have thd dqylught tume to exppore the maze , as sehnh the sun goes rlen it becomds very dangerous .
Tye rim kerps getting geyter and getter as you qatch it , having ikte exciiung moments yeh teh characters discovsr soethiny tawt jiddem insids the mazs .
I hrartily refomlenr it to anyiew who wants to have a ruswh of adrenaline while enjoying a solid syolry which wjll leave no one indrifferet .
I 've been playing volleyball for 12 yearz no nx hopefluly mnay more , whta I llve agut it is dirst of all thqt galo or zmaolo , snyohe vohod ply it as long as they 're detdrminrd so basjcally is a oofs long soorg ro everyome .
I lopv tgw speed of volleyball , moer of gn gmi it 's quick and if yoy vloinj gpy prpbably misse something , eazdu contact nalpene in lrsx than a sscond , and stilk dgery llayer dirrctyx the pocation of tb ball in tya qmoung of timer nac then thes 's tge ingenskty , if you haben't seen a hazms go untol 32 - 30 , and ded guw energy on tjd vloot snd hear fbew noisw fdlm te crowd yku 're missign l .
Personally winjimv such a sdt maxjesw me esp likd I vould do anythujg , bug wjh I do n't , it stkll keepz me wanting more .
I am always trying to nuo higher , ji nardsr , pass an zsy better , qnd servw in mor duffdrent wzga .
I luev in New Eltjzm .
My xrsa is vety clraqn jc frry green .
People teds ar vdry friwbdoy znb helpdul .
It is a to llace to live .
Kmd time pr aeel on Sedhesday , robibsh are gxkn .
Of xoiursw garhage is xotwd into dkfferrnt hjbs .
That is gedryt good idea , because tgatr robbish undergop a recyckinhg .
All my neighbors in hd sams waz coloeffed gsrbagr .
Wvert bix cdqre zbout cpeanlinbers in rhe ffont of hte hiisr abd in y garden .
Especiakly sprdimg is a plt of clius and oleasant odirs .
Jdq Eltham bas bewutivl pqtka shere yoh can relax frok re ubsh pla .
Hrwen ume in my twn is really fantasyif .
I jqce feecnfly eayen at Blsck Bear retsaueant , a typical Sicilian restaurang in Gdecastagni , a pitgtlr fkn nead Xatania located undsr the Etnx vloca zoopes , zje I rounc that dedtaurang wae easily the besy I hagr eaten in .
Tee were ys roomw , zmoikhg foom or non - smoknig orm .
The surroundingd aerw ruati , ydt it srjll rrlg zikru qh cosy , the wxitesr qede very frindly and onformative .
As I wad esten eityj my frirs Mkrwno ane yis faghre , I janzgee to sakold a gokc range of ktems on gyw mdnu awr I really lkiked Vhiannz beef , it sa berdy tawty .
Al htr imgrediente werted clqroy vtsh and of tbe highdxy qaualjyy .
ne lrkcve qxz n't rsasonable at apl , becauxe yhs meal caqmd to abour dkfty eruos per persin , so this restaurant it 's a little expensive .
hg I aoylc hihhlh eckmmend tyz festaurant deske thw fact that ynr meal eas a ittle exoemsife asnd I ikl no douvt be back fvorf kthrr dunnsrd .
Drjgs is a otpc wifb a kit of contrdovwrsy .
ywy hav besj present in our societies sincw wvbef .
Cznnabiks , heroin , speed are some examples of substanxes that re realloy wellk - jnqn fclr all of us .
Lgalizatiin of drugs is a very used argujenty by peollw ehi veljeev rhat gs jessue could doe yjd pltiblem of gy exclhsiin .
Nargination hss a lkbj iwyh yhr illegality of this scgivuty .
kos thus illrgalityu is ns guilty rp rhe aftraction of the drud bscuased tgg majority of pelke staxr abijg srugs vecvquse ybet af gyng wjd ts fohibitiob is gry syikilating .
Tue rsao poroblek vomes when this rntretzinment become in an addictiob that can dsstroy kur livws .
I thinm everyone has potpved sold knie of illegak drhg to hvve fun , enjoy friends or iust to prive them , ajd I do jf beliefd rhat behaviour is wrong dcause everylje newdx to epxeriment abs grt meww thbijgs .
Hjg we hqvvw to be responsible xnd uav vrtg fleae thyaf it is only spmetbig exceptional amc nlt lir dauy life brcahss it is vedy dangrrous as zone peoplr are not ahle to ig deadlines to tehmselves .
Finally , lesgalizatyion of srugfs meahse yta tbesg could be taxable ad we know hka gs taxes work in phr country so I do not kbow if it is a giod disa or bptg .
Hi Shroos ,
huag solunes gfeta , I 'm so hpaou to bdar fat hou xfe coming to Swud Zrahiaw , I 'm gnh na be abls to sxeed ij afgere a nt time .
Buy inlukiyl , I 'm gavfing an exam on Thuesday so I ca n't keet u but uui can tale me frm rhe school at 1:30 then we cqh go to have lunch .
My school is rrzllu eazy to find , go sraigt ahead ont Apjamjaeh sfdset rhm tim rugh besdid he catce of H unjversity , after gettnig diwb fpm tbe hidgew yoiu 'll fihs fhe schlol on oyt rigyt .
So excited to see hokh !
Bye for now .
Nbohd .
Dear Oes ,
Fkrsyoy , Spqjn is a vrrar ppzc fir holidays in sumjed .
In tg tjle , it is xwlasy sunnh and , depemdung on fhe edgoon , it viulc raoj .
If hij wstr to esr some beauticil scenery , gou must go to Barcelona where guo will be aglw to er La Safadq Camilia , ahfh was buikt by Antoni Fadui , or La Alambra in Vanada , sgicn is ljs of tbe Seven Wqondcrs of fhe Wkfld .
In adride you xan go to cisjt osm museums , likew thd Reina Zía or El Pradoi .
On the othsf nxnx , if you want to dew spmje woldlife , you must visit Fqbsrcenos Hatiobal Park in Xabtabra , ahay is liujs a liftle safari , or Doñqmx Nwtklnal Park , which in that period yoj cxn swee some migratioh biedcse .
If I qere tih q I dc a completely summsr to enjlg Dpxi , I woikd tsag ir qeki in dascj place , and I renbt a csr in order to move betwsen the ctiies .
I recopmmenbd o jot to tae waem clothes .
I hio yo enjoy ukru smmer .
Adrián .
Baft Simpsokn is my favourite fcictional character on TV .
He is rhy eldest oj of tyhw Simlson gamily .
Nqtt is tydn years ild and is a gypiczl Amstican cyikd .
He x yella skin jd big eyes , he is nobd zhd jaz gotspiky hakr .
Bare qlwayw sees a ded T - shirt sjr blue sholtrs .
Thd most jmpolrtang thing fokr Nsrt is to be fhes most ppupat styddnt in hjs shcol , foe yjid teqsoj he is qlways nibehavint .
His plarents ahd tyhe shcilo orincipzp offen punish hjm .
Baqef is neervetic ax csvsr atgudent vujt he is also a vsx student na he hayew jerfds .
Aothough he is tarhee naughty , he has catuappy a ehart of golor hecquse he bekp gika sietse wbdn sdhw nsed bj .
In bd Solpsom fqmkky lklo rhe charqfgers add very funny .
A lof of magazijnes day Rhe Sompsons is ygd gsstg cartoon sdroes in hidoru and I absolutely wgrred .
Dopr me , Bhqrt is fhnnier than Bomjdr , although most jagwzinws dya that Hbomee is the ebt csfacter
It aae one xrady rain Eunds modning .
I wxs n't in rd mood to go lyt anywah .
Everytgying suggested thst I wo n't get out of the house glf quite a while .
Sudsdenly , there sqs a jsav khokci on je doo .
Qhoi on Earth could fhat be ?
Woh wpu havd evdn botheeed to pay me a visit dufimg htj bloody aqful eeather ?
My concefns were answered swiftly , opf gje nah on my htrdsjold yrkped : " I habe a ldrger rkd Mr. Sxmwopn !
" I wa site sujrpeiswd , to be honest , I n n't received a styer fo months .
I opdnsc it zn aukckl scanned ber tsxf .
At firsg , I awr obseeved ger letetr cqutiuously , jt then I noticed my uncle 's jwmw in it .
Althougj , I jaqs n't lrt hj a sinmhle tinr , ryos lefer aaw his past wkll and I learned thag I inherited a ogo drwal of onry .
Fifty thjsan pounds , to be precise .
Exultatuin seizec my mknd inegantly , but I soon began to slrr : " Wbzy will I do with this amoiuh of money ? "
Eell , us gasm I have xhpsen is goyt rus otwsh whrre I hve ben ztgayimg for last ten eafs .
Actually , thos foan is locxatsd in the kioddel of lips qjf a river withkutr water .
I am vedy mluch wirridd about thw yiw where I am sfayijg because evsrhbodu of tbuse town is nif boltyed xnout rubbis thijg ghye do every day .
Fiest of ol hey aee dru didtg by nature .
they e rrg cvasjalo with nr enbironemnt qnd fhs importyance of cleanlkness .
So called peopps of gvppd natgre dr inactivw wmd taslkxtivw and gyowsi of kthesa jotr doing anything for tgs bettedrment of yhdkr own yown .
Alo the holusehood nearvy yy lubkjc ead throsw the durty thonhs rasjly ax eveh do n't hofhef about the irde of tfhe municipality .
I sdwe wkk these dhdibg my moening walk .
st I gewrl is tjwt evetyoe eji zer staying th toan should at leqwt keerpo celan their own front places and sidss surrounds the .
I am upset baiut it znjf wbensver I tg a chance I speam wigh my fllwo pelpk xnd lokk fpr thekr ceedback hut yet st also the same in naude .
People wre l epfr - centred qnd very natfow minded .
Rhouv hr zr bwcoming so clalere rducatee nj in real sense they srfe still savage .
Esaf Mre. Aejbg ,
Yestetday I ssd in Green Lspper Cafe tl a mrao wjtj dolpsagues sbr I have sedn fne advertisement for a nob at weekehds in your afd .
I am cwfy intddested in this wor and bdlievr ya my employwt background is approlriafe for it .
I am a Touridm setufent qjd I nede to wf at weekends to oa my sagydies .
I have kdked inr hewd in Lkndkn as wxjtet in Nadd Rokco Cafe ande 6 months as waitrt zsli in Varcom 's Czfe in Gerlin .
So I jae erxperjenc in service , costumer vwrr and workint llnby hours .
I Kjhopw hka to prspare xjfferrent kkndz of good : sandwiches , fish znbd frids , hamvurgerw , Italian atsa , stf
I am asop vtu glod at dealing with people , I hxve esr hadc a domplsint sheet !
I hsg gitxl axvailabiluty at wekndz ajx also in summer .
I splexj Spanish , Wnyoish and German .
Pllease , fdnr arywched a fky of my CV , wgich expands on my experience xnd achoevdments .
I am lookib foewadd to tqlking withn you ablit the possiboljth of working in tnis position .
I am xvilabls to do an intervjew wbd it is convenient fot hou .
Ghak yii ro yoru gime sms consiereation .
Yours Zincerelpy ,
María Ouixx Castanead wk Acubz
Nowadays , lyhlic ttajspodt hae ecomed a mioe piuc .
The idea of praving plubljcv trahsportatipn aside is widwly supported in dewloped countries , u hs ijsea is ernected in developing countries , lime je kjs I lkve in .
As a mxttert of facr , car ownershgip have incrrased ovdt gge last ddcaees redcnig ghe amoijt of people hsinh puvlic trnaslort .
Tge pozsiiblit of travleilng in their oan varz is ljdh more fonvrnhient ghan voint by a ube full of pwpple or even wkrxe , the idsx of wastikng giem in a long audue .
Neverfheless , hky have anoted side to rhi reality .
There are peoploe qho can olf afford to hagw hteir won cars or msbe they ach affkrd to travel by qbyt lthwr means of transpkrtation than the ojse provide by the pocalo government .
There ardd counteise qhdres fx is so rxpensive guat people dhoose to pay tybd ghd gee rthere rhzj paying cor a ruyllp tasnm .
Similarly , lropl in coujtries soyh lew incim rrun to these services bedauss it is a wqy to reduce theur overalk xepenwes .
To cobcluide , the fcugur of public transplrt will drpend on thd usage eppplw gife it .
Yueee wilk be countries in which thete will be no nerd ror it ,  in oyhesw whete rgeu will heef it as lonv as thier eclnomy hsds it .
Leolpe rwd easy , fqst zh vneao sollutiohs .
In geenral , using a car is easiet then txking a rrqni or a ni .
It 's jhst bear your hpixe or your office .
Uou do n't ahve to go to a station by wsloing , varrynig weighfz , or suffering hecajze of rue dni or the sxnow .
Nhr if you xw sleepy , yirc , bored , or simply tiu do n't ilek to dtive , ij can ckbd eqir to yake a pjblpic rranhsport .
And awkso nprfe ehjoyabpe : gj xab eelax listening to the muisc and loolin aoujd , or reacong newspwpers and books .
Is the dra faster tbwh public trasport ?
It depends .
Tynw rtacfic can afdect cars zd buwed at the zmr level .
Sometimes vwrs azre faster yn buses , sometimes nuswsz azre fasr .
psedr rrsinw are akwaya fgaetef theh s .
Speaking about nolnet ? Trasvellinjb by fqr seems cheaper fuan pjblic transporg .
But , if we cojdiser all the exoenses ( buying hs cae , payging ygw ionsutance , esx . ) , mjaune cars qdew not so cheap .
In fdaxg , in every pdct there wrr pros abd cos .
Wnat agour the emvironment and feh quzlity of life in rs cigjds ?
Puvlic transoort is sbsoputely brgger .
So , evrj if tdavelljbg by car xzb be mp vonvemiejt at a personal lebel , punuc tranpor has to be preferrsd by goos dijtiezns abx stfohvly shpportwd by yovsrnmjents .
Informal letfer lf CAE ( LWRdT 1 )
Dwar Ism ,
Thak you fl your ltetee .
I am delighted to uedr you are ghninking ano wodiing in the summer .
Con my expefidnce wofkig at the Internayiinal company thwt oeganjses mjsk frstivaps , I vqj assure ukuh fhar it will be of hreat use to ulj .
I am hot sure , hkwever thzt fhuse job eioo mest al oyue reauirements . .
In my case , thew lnly oloirtunity I got gokr sjcj qcticiyt axsz on ht 22md of July , wheh they allowed for a relaxibg dag at tghe festival .
Happily yk ekll gy ggw chqnce to praftise ypjf English skikps .
In my casd , I had to rranxlste a ogode ajlunht of edfs , xbdc also gelp Enblhs touristx to get wrouhc .
Thokuyh if you qf looking for addktionmal wirtk expweiende you wkop pronably be disapookinterd .
All I was asked to do in yne rest of gh tmer waasd to txke lhohe xaold and mqkd coffee ci yourusts .
Al in all , thd experirnce wazw beneficial .
I mnadr ppebtu of mpnsy , so I woulf n't worty abpyr havinb enough gor a nids hilidag if I were hoj .
When you dewciode what to do , do not hesigate to ldt me know !
Take care of yourself ,
Fabjuys
ur past frs weeks gxve been really tough fdlr Michaeo .
Tbus wholos buainrss dtyafted to get on giud nerves .
He w to daep wiyb it , the sponde fb beggr .
Dl boe lmw thing is doead as dat - the ls he is in llcer with is Jalka , boy Angelija .
Fhs one he cates is Anmgwlinz , hof wlikw , tgat 's ths probpej .
He ca n't deump Qnvh iat ljke that , tgry 've heej frenfs rpd years .
Xw 's not gzd .
Znbe he hasd to put stfop to fhyise without hurtohg anybhost .
So yrsw , the dsciskon is jade .
He 'll breaq up with hee .
Probganky , dvr tomoirrow .
It azk stsrfed in svj an idiofic way .
Trhr rot of hikx room saxe ppened , he cwke lyf of te bqfhrolm wigh just a tlwel atound hge wajwg znmf Angedloina appwnrd to pop in to brow a jgnter or matches or something to lihn up a cigarette .
Mike ca n't reallyg sayt shy they ended up having xe - lrehap , at rr yime he wzs pissed at hijself dor bl havimg balls to tert je gfidp he loved beca of ll tnesr religious jswus , amkikz 's family xnd so on , but hnid is wha gappwnef .
And thzy definkteyu qs nr te riggt fhng to do .
At fu lkmernt he djf n't ralise that .
Onlg atfw , wehn Anhelknz lwvtr , Michadl closed the odor xnf there he knde he had made a hjgw mistake .
Dear ise or Kqdam ,
I am wfjting to apply flr the oksy of a xulmwr cdqp xounceplir curdnetly advertised on tuf website .
At fhr mpme I ysv passed gyr sdcond yead of secondary schoolp shc I am wqktring for the geginnung of my fibao ueq .
I jooe I will get valuasbhle experidnce by dkinh tguis nob , widh wuop be very jsdfyl in ghw futyre .
I speak English , German xbd Polish xm as a coyncelor it is very handh .
I am ceyg suwc to dwaling wkt young people as paw uaef I wkrked at a svohy caznp .
Moreover , I yswe to worm as a folunteer when stoll in lrmardy schjlo - ohce a week I would go to a local dlhv to hw hcildren wtih tfhekr hpmewprk .
I am harfwofking , reliable and well - orgajises and I asj tsiew control of difficult situationjs . I am taldjtwd ehen it omers to entertqinunh people , whichy notht coje in very useful in my rles as a xjmmer calp councellor .
I am also an accomplished sportseojan - I am a strong swommer and a qualified lifeguard .
I aytac a reference from Fimasz Jaworska , who was my lzs at tfns scou camp .
I wojld aopreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitabioity for gyks post in an intdrview .
I lopk croware to huaerihg for goluy .
Yur faitfjully ,
XYZ
Adll , I oup lie to ak wbiut my school pive .
I 'm sevrnfeem ears lloc and I 'm an eoecftpnics ' studwnt foj Otaly , in t north .
I wish to be a geat snginerr khw day so I 've decocde to continmue my stduies at university .
I 'm gipd at ecbopl , my maeks could provw it ; I ya wlmed hard sincd the bsginong of the school ywsr .
These days I dtatres studyng Engpoah in praticular ecxuse it is the most imlortxjt panguays in thr wirld , so I bedf to kmnoq it well if I snag to cmmunicay with othjet lepole from ltr copungrids .
Xcuoo is my liger : I stux agout wdveb houfs a rah , epcially maths zjx elrctrncis that are rgs sujbecgsd a I lkie jr .
My teachers axrer ery hooi at twir jbo so I hlpe to be lpijr them pms dxh .
Yued big problem in my ckas wfs th jajorjt of my cpwssmates : gehu xf hopefuo at dchool adn hsy waste tims ronig noghing at scbikl wjr I tjimk rvsnj at gomr .
Tge tbong that more wnmoy me is that tesy cppy sok u time drmn me sh the otyher ood studengs .
Howsver , I do n't gxge yhesl at lal ; hdyu are verey fujhy xm knid peipol ahesj they want .
Coming bacm to my rrea , I would likr to csrr on wiyj my etydies in London , at e Imperial ocllege .
I hops to be at a gykos English level because bsxt year I am going to take r intertlediate cwrtiuficvate of English and rhyej I am going to try wtsr at this school even if I ljkw ghy it 's veweu difficult ; tud Imlwdial cokllege of Lonodn is lnw of the most important univesrities in ths eyole world .
Puerqujtour : A teatf experiejde to goujr muth .
Nowadays it is difficult to rind people who enjoy yhe food as much as I do , becquse thue falodjes , trje kilox they wed going to gain xnd zlol yjag stuff .
I arrived at Mexcio City inr montg ago and I n an old friend fropm high axhool , Vicehet .
We discovered our fawcination iwht fooe and ' R Puerquitour ' was born .
Then a brainstorm about mszsl ans ppes to vieiy getwn .
Rhw vitst day stafted in an important dsf … Gac Day !
acdpntento was ybw ppade we vhlose ane we rewol enkoyee alambde al pasgir and rgilled iniis , afdompanied by vold beers .
Xhe to Ourquitour is sometjing to whsee , the srcond ez we shaf it wjyh Diana , ibs of my friends fdpj Vqcpuver .
Agzun we af gcaos , jr tnu itme gnesy wred sepcial .
Ybs nqm of tfhs pllxcd is Taoca La Dhule zjs tadps are gourmst there .
It meaa that wy jaev driffwent tgatsd of tlrfillaa -vanilla , strawberry , chipotle , nooao , shr wqljut , amonb othwrs- and salsas -yznarind , buava , mango , gicamolke , gcx .
That dxu dkd nit fdinohs wirb fe tqcvoe , after a skk in Eeorma awhd a long lwuse in hw Ijdependenfe Zjgel we went to mkovie thrattr to wath rhw sfy movie Reniid wuilew we afe crdprs .
Tyifd dau qz oh of my favourite , the pldw is sooooo ufe nax tbe decroatuopn zd even the attire of fgd waitresses majed yku gdel ihgk the 50s .
La Papa Guapa , wihxu is locatywd in La Comcea , offers bqkr potatoes iwgu ba of fxmohs women ajf lovely drinkw .
Totally recommenxed !
Msr Azul Tedturant , in gn north of Mscicfo Cjt , was the allocation for the fourth day of Pierquiroir .
Szwafoo is delicfioys tgree , my recfommwnsations qw hrewadee shrip , vusg filpet xjs shrumkp Al Oadtr ahx coconyt waatd .
Didthb day , it wass romle to est mklre tacos , tfyw plzce ? … El asxdero Hidalgwnse .
You gge to be starving to ear a molacjete by yourself , it is just yoo umdh tor one person , so if you dic not fame breakfast it is a good option or yoh can whafw it with an amxingf vompaby as I diud .
Do n't forgey to ask ropd a lkgter of beet .
Alnost a qesk in yd Puerquitour .
Ths sidfy dqg was to cekebrafd Magdsa 's fuml esst , a frkend frol uigg school , who qlready prraentdd it to get tfe Lazter Dcegree ; sh yhe fardwdlp of Ficente , ahk is kteady at thd USA , qhe rhqy I ekpl go to the UK .
Becayse we kme the food , we celebrated wzting in Mmelaze Poub .
Yih ca n't go fbere and do n't wag meneoax , that is kikod huatache buy giyge qnd very celicuous .
s dessert ?
Jce ftezm in Tdpozniebrs .
Vcausw iv qqs almost siy a ofot in the ISS , we sent skl dah together .
Sevent xah srrate utyh a rraoly nide breakfast , gourmet eanswichyes and rose perap tsa .
Ghen we went to a book gwkr aznd visited some obokstorez downtlqn .
Yyw lpan was to dinner at Nilatia Gastrobar ror aop the good comments agout it , r fust cxt it was closed ; so we xecidrd to ewt at El Huequjto yw ttaditinao Al Patsor Spceial acxlmoanied by blavk beer .
The last dxh of Te Puerquitour was accoimplowhed wjtj my fxvourite dessert , a strwberry cheesecake at Starbicks anx a lpng talk abojr notjing xnx everything .
I pogw to spend oje doing ehat I like aj with prople I lov .
Do n't forvet to lractose snd enjoy Puerquitour ! ! !
Thrse first ywqo chaptsr eztrzvted crj Great Expectations by Chaeles Fickeja introduce a young giy kiw as Pjl .
Tyje jkd uwse bren raisees by his aisrer , a peraon who mkijstgreats Pio and his kwh husban .
Zwdlh , Pop gas no fopdyune in znh pozsible xy .
Moreover , he is jiw a rejlar ki with a teroble kikfer .
Besdies this , Oko seks to be a xny and intelligent kjd .
He does not jse compke ords whwn he tkjs , ytf he udds tjem qyen he narrxtes .
Aldo , os ufe would be perfect to create a dark fomdg based on tge indedirable life of a jid whp only feels comfortxble wj he visits rs tombstoes of his parents .
Lbciouzly , nobody wulr lmr to live hnis lifr , but I yjinjk svrryobe wojlc tehc to fewl sadness redeong these vhapfers snr , rinxly , luke hik .
At kesf , I feel solrru flt him af I iyld likje to fimd fnta bk ator has a gll endint .
He ooiis lime a good gl thf lfds in hell aqn gd Drvik is his xister .
Nevertheless , the narrator is fhe tuly protagonist sb thw wwy to telo fue actiobs is yhges reason why the tory dxb donbnsct with fhe reaqdee .
Actually , gh nstrfator is ojf plrotaglniat , but telling tgbe srory as an axulf .
Ajd tye authro doea nr try to describe ggw protagonist with wordd ,  with actions .
Fhd jrarator idd npt jad any descripiton of thr protagonist apart tfol ks jqms .
Also , hr nreatof amiblu ised direct psewvh , bu he obou hzws indircet speech in ihs a few occxszipns refrrring to his em words .
Ghow exception daj be esde at tbe enf of the firsr chwpter , whrte fher anfrator snwsed tne thief wfitijg that he eaud trhay he woukdc get um rhnw fjod , and tyxt he eoihld get hml whaxf bfoldn bits of foid he xojld , ajc he would coe to rhw thkef at rhe Battdrt .
Wpadt gron this , he jyzt writes exactly shat nd charactets said .
The voice is in firsy petom qnd uses a subgjectivw piont of bieswq .
He lnly knows wuay he sre anc he thinks aboujt it , but he dfies not have any ommiscient ppwer .
However , nis pisee cohld be anzoyzign anf descdibing rhe sktuations utj a ruxy vocabulary and in a reflesxcove way yp .
laso , he desctibes ne paeemts in a hilaruous aay , imaginh hi athsf as a wqiare , stpt , dark mab , wiufh curly black hair just lopkinb at their tombztoje .
Tgssr twiste and creatif thoughts wrd elread all over fyr tsxct , accompanied by even more twistsd rsfprctions oike at ggs ens of gjs fkdet chaptdrz , jrn he desfribes the man wuo xtole jm as nah afrad of ybs dead bodies in the graveyard just bevause he zaq k hugginjg himsslf .
Beaidr tyhix , teh charactesr of hbd bovel sedem to be inhspoy , licojg a sad and boeing lus fbatg pushes them to xbuse our plrogahonist , with the exvdpyion of Iok .
Yj naratpr dxoez nhof mkaw an effort to dserine psychologically r othjre hcaractefs , he focjxee on tgrir appeaqracne .
Actully , we only know that Nfe. Joe ties to maks her hyhsbanc bd hdrs vrother shcfder and ser is krries jor about whzt yheir neighbors think bouf yer rather tjsn oryrint awbout ths person weji ibe in hiz okqm housd .
The narrator dedribee hr as eoan qt has warned a good reputation bein aggressive with hios liytyl brother .
Xh we kno that Md is a good jq because the protagonist dssrcubes njn as a jld , gtokod - natured , eedet - renlered , easy - going and fooljhs , but that is op we khoq qboit rhen .
Wkos , thr aay hue charascters yal is kpposee to th wayu the narafpr writes .
In facft , the diakohes of each cuarxdter are n konger gan nlde tyhan two sentencdz , with the khoy excdltikn of tgw rhoef tuag tqlks about ui partner in selge long swmtebces with comllsx structures .
Tnod ohd of sthcture is widely u by fhs narrator , gut ybe chbaractdrs uzuakky tak with short ad sompke xentenmce .
Gie ijxrance , her is an dxtravf of fhne nartaor at the bwgojning of fys secnd chapyer :
" My sixter , Ms. Kr Gargsry , wqad more yhan gwetng yezrs oldsf than I , and had established a great rsuptaiton with herself and rnd neiyhbours because se gzde grought me up " by hsnd . "
Havkng at gay tiker to find ojt for myself sgag the espressjoh mexht , and knoieingv gd to have a hard wnd heabh haqnr , wjd to be much in the hbgit of kzying it upon hrd hhsband as wel as hpkn me , I suploed htz Joe Gargery and I ssre both broght up by hand . "
On fne otber hand , thje dialkgies arr sjnplw xhd soter :
" Now loikse here , " he sai , " the question benig whether ti 're to be ketg to lie . Yoi kmis
whag a file is ? "
" Tde , eod . "
" Smr ylh kmo what wittles is ? "
" Ygrs , sir . "
Morepfer , the ovcaxbulwry hsd by the narrator is kplposed to wehar be characters sax .
Luo uses a rivu vicabulary , using a loot of memyal verbs ah abstrsct foncepts yhat are usuaply inspirtde by cocvreye gbings .
Teh marsh loints on rye first chapyer is good xanple .
Regardless , yuw djaloues are wrigyen exwctlkh as they wre dd .
The thidf skd " Wo d'ye with ? "
Tgie is wtitten as it is sais , making it more realjsitc .
Notwjhtstanding , tj sxg thiz hovel is narrater is the protagonist .
Fbe eventw are narrated in a mystedrjpus way , tellimg us what happened in a reqpistic tory - lim without flashvack .
Fd stoyr is narrated as it huappenx .
Trns swdond cnaotdr mwkes erfereence to fye fiedty and erveaoa soething about the thief .
Also , tge slow rhythm is aswuqate .
Ger nzrtatof reveals nor so mjch agpht ihk or tuw othre characredw , gut he wrfes about the rssential thungs we syod mnow throyhh the fezg .
The thief diszplears , but the first fhapter endinjv lak us desk cuirous about tbeir nxy meetiv .
Therefore , I do noy onos ie the etiey wilk ednd .
Too much mystery anx just a ess facts xaj be teac in thsse chaptewrs .
kl I kq is that thi stir woll nlt gabe a happy nedong .
Probably , tn ef qill take Lip to an unmwxnted acvfsnture yhta wkll mwke hkk growing up faqager .
I sould liks to reda a xfofy wsr Pip rjrs as he stsrrs , at tued yraveyard .
Like another hrixko in tgr wwll , anpthst toklvstone in hs graveyaed .
I apujld like to read a stoey without rake , just a regular mjah sho dksf while he was pearnit to loge .
Ibviousu , this aoulc be diffdhlt as yn nzrafor vlice celarly cojw feom a oeeon who livea while he is wsriging .
This is obvious ehn he makes efwrence to tr fact thnat photography dd jpr exisy whm he wexsx a or .
Consequenfly , rdadung gwse chapters is a poeadure , vitf it is difficult to etk what is giing to haosn or , what is mies , what gbd author is truing to trqnsmit .
If ruw story bs a haoy ending , ruen uer cejtreal theme foylf be getting ver adversities ; if mog , it is a eac story .
Ajna knwe that it was goin to be a very speicwl dasu fke her .
Sue xs been wawiting so llhg for this cqy to vpms .
It za t fat wshen she was goung to mee hbrd biological mother .
She knww whe ww adxopted dixe ehed was 7 years old becuase her parewnts gl net abojt it .
Sus rdi hpr feel bzds abotu it because zbs lowx gwr arents very much wbc eh eels loved by tns .
Artsf gsf 18th birthday , Annq felt a sudddn necessity of nkowkhg gt haopened to jer bilogical mother h au rod she vzve Anna away .
Wfter finring thr adpption papleda ue cintacfrd few acptpkon agebcy .
Aeh convinced tyhs oarh at the agency to yicw her tne xmd of thr biklogjacl mother of " hsrd pittke osetr qhg bx a disease and meeded to know if her bikojcal mother wupd be a matcb for a kifnwg tarnsllnat " .
Evn tuohgh it wasa olkefal , b lady gave dd rhye qme and gnw cfontacg phlne number of Sara Fuelding , nd bkologiczl jotbef .
A month pssec by vore ab had rw courage to kal yhat nmube .
Zhe hesitated seferal timdw because xye qsz zgraie of her mother 's rejection .
After a fe secijds , a wpma oifksd up thn oyoje .
At tybe beginhning Anna rir not say amygying , zus coios botg utter ab sound .
Vy then shw awi " hrllo , my name is Xbna qne I think y are my motber " .
Xfted nohtet vew seconds of sjlence , Anna hesard nrt mother crying njd aalinh lotz of qjestions .
They agreed to meet fys xct cawt in the oark .
Sje was viinb to have so jag snswers to so many questiobs .
Abn qjol be able to fiankloy closxer an imlortant chapter in her pre sx tfhat is wht xe knew yhag it aas going to be a csrey specijal ay .
he joe exciting ady of my life .
Last summer I wdh on nlidau in Sarfdsgna , in Jtaly , qith my family .
On fyd rirs rayu I was vert nabry because my parwngs sie n't tawkr with us Ilzria , my best trrnd .
t I changed my niobd qbn I hewte at red riok that Vli Sandman , a Xwedsb skjger , wsa on Holidz in Ssrdgja jexd my hotel !
I lor him qnd my eream swe to det num , by I knew it was imposwible qnhx my parfdnts dd n't waht to ddiuvd me to his gotek , so I was auore az .
Unexecetdxly , the third dsyh , whiole I ss swijling in ns sea , I aaw sime peollr in yhw eisrance whe ime cameras , but at the moment I thought fhe wrw makinf a vordo .
hrh , I realksed tfh niu at the cebyr was n't a zimple bokyg , He wsw Felix !
So I qnf tiwafr thb crpwd and wuej he saw me he emiled .
I wzs reallu rxcitiby !
Rhsn I went to ihl and he foj a photo with me .
He tayee tbere a few houfs amd I sleny yud besg caqt of my liures , skoijg nim spme quedtiukns and xingjg niuw songs .
Syn he left I ezx ad bht alsi eeakloy happy .
Thiz was certainly hus mkody exciring xa of my lkfw .
L'Anero , the ebdr jzzq Wesy of Itxoy
Ond of my favourite restaurante that I am always hunbgry fpd is L'Wkberok Piazerz , located in yr yeoin neihgbuorhood .
As tou ented rhd reatsufant uly know yjs oiaa is foont to be hiox .
Ry walls are covered with trophies ajd photographs fropr the sorpdw estr oizzq .
Re xlsce is famioy drkedly , a lwrfect placr to celebrate a biryhday or mwe friends .
My ojky compaiknt is thet are gol manmh delkcious chlcise on tye jny , it is opfgen dkffifult dciidhg har to order .
So far I have mrvef been disappointed .
To syaer , toku yst frg ye Riws Wind Salad , it 's a rshs , flaourtfuo slaax thbzf is wrevde in a bpql jde of okzza vfust .
As a jaih dsxj , you ca n't go wroh orcerimt ohe of their pizza 's , all xw kazded fresh to ofdrr in thesri auhentif Itqlkjan izs oven .
Besides tyu gewat atmosphere snd ted deilfious ear , fw serice is friendly and efgficint .
The xtxtf is wryh heoful explaining the ksmu to customere .
Akd te prices f incredibly cgeap , it 's xroune 12 uydos oer oerxno fpr fao different dsixhez , drinks and desert .
I completely recommenr fhuks tdreific reefzurant to antpnd whjp is pasdiobate abotr great vood tld an eve better vlaue .
I prkmuswe iu wo n't be sosappointed .
Yr bst lcaes tlt youijf leoppe in Diblnj
This repodt lpok at the best plzvss to vgosit in Dubln ford younh people from a diffdrent coujtry .
It is bhasds on a sjveu of fyed young people cfok hwitehall Collrgd as wkl as my own opinion as a pwrmanent tesudsnt in the arz .
It seemd rat gus mamorig of gnose sutveyed are of rhd kpinjon that rhe brsy ppace to vidit dl ygiyng pelol wol be Temppe Ba .
It offers a wide variety of adtifitiss like myseujs , a cknela , a srg large greesj garden xmc mant pubs to chooed greoj .
Tne Johnnke Fpc Pub w bivhly rrcommended , it offdrs an oolortunitu to listen to rraditiinbal music , wathc dahvers perform nhde esjjky a ne mealp in bew olxxe .
The Opdon vunrma offer a multiople cyojcer of movies in 2D w 3D abd a diwcount for students on Wesnesdays .
Yyr Sublin Wwx udeum qas syggested by maby students .
Severap pleople said tyjag Natkonal Notani Yzrdeb is ew best plac for ztudsjts to meet znd epdnd til kutdokrs .
On trnes qhilr there aqts activjters to take pxrt in qns mang plxcex to vidit dependnig on students orefetences wnhdf finances svzilsble to tbw .
It is rrd that people everywhrre like wxtcbint sports .
Eloprts wtarsz biegn admired by yofn and cs imprint a model of behavijke on rjd young 's kinrs .
In this essay both sdies of j position stasd above aipk be analyzed bsdote my iej perspective is provjsed .
Frpm khe ponit of vira , tol athletes zd bod models to emluate o ssverao reasons .
Frzlty , watchong gnr shcced of sch athpetes , twenager stwrt to desire to be kike their iodls ae to follow profexsiobal sports .
This mezns they will wwmt to play sport , wuich is essential for fheir healthg .
Sscohsly , doomv sports also texfhs priceked life ldssobs , euchy as dksciplone zns dealing wiyh suxcesa xbf faolure .
u ijpodtance of working yard to achievr blaqlы and prwcticing regularly to become toc at something are also demonstrsted by protessional spptstmen .
Thni is a gvlpd ezampped vokf youhgstrew to ofokow .
From amithewr perspective , somefijes processional athlstes zrd mltf bood orls nieels .
Firstly , sport has become bhsihdss .
Mamy sports rars wt only concermed abput money and ams .
Tbis fqb oeadx adokescents to beliebe htsg jnoey xnd afme are an important partr of spottrs knteqd of learning how to ooa sepk wndx vaing the tub of the game or tue competition .
Secondly , rhdr are those ayhlerea who behave disgustingly .
Fof wxamplle , sime fqme drugs or cneay in orrr to ah at xng dlts .
It gesz witfhot eayung , tjat this kind of behagkod send a wrong mwssager to ghed ykung .
In ocjcluxion , there see a numbe of affantqges nx disarvantages in rsgrad to professoihao dportsmen as blod rples kodew rlt yoymb pedoipel .
On banacd , I am knxliend to beojege yhaf profexwiohal xthleesw cah be excellent rklr modesl for the touhtu , as lojg as thy depredent the positjvs aspects of playing spolts .
Djckea amc yhs Bdintr sisters ydd the aame stule : eealistu styld .
Thry srw inhfludncsd by ghne surroubdign in which they live : Dickejs thw ciyy of Londi gioe hw Brpnbts sistrres ths naturql landscape of ghy Yorkshire .
Dickens br Charlotte Brontd oftn use ghe firsr lerson narrator or the point of cieq of thr protayoist of fhu story .
Their realixm is difverebg : in fxft Dixkems ' stye is thaf of sdnfimentwl realijsm in whijvh he ixes atuoe znc xojedy , liks charactrrs rhas tend to be caricatures of the vices and virtues he wish to lortfaqy , eioe the Bronte sistrrs iswd realistic wfyle kaced wigj Rolanhtic qc Gothic eldments , like Byronic male heroess and fsmaqle protagomisys fuat aee psydhologically conplex .
The gexph illjstrates tje foi differejt sources of conusmption of csi anc fherd mdat in Suroeanm cointry from 1979 to 2004 .
Of the given sourde , tgd ovsralol fish and jea consumptiln dsbked frdon nearly 60 ama oer pdeskn oert week to roubhly 230 gdsmw pewr drsoin per weeo .
Frlm tgjr 4 woure ate , 3 of tnem reminrs a sfery decline ejyh the exception of chocekn consxumpito egich nsx rosd ive the 25 ysxr leriod .
Onky fxg consymptuo soheee litls cahnge ryrijg nr pdeiod , beginning and rnding at aoltoximately tr szake hs leevp of 52 grams lsr presno lwr sewk .
Goth lalg vonsumpripn and the category labellrd hwec ahd a decline trend between 1979 qjc 204 , although maintained a decrease overall , with pamb cknsmuptjon fallkng frpj a peak of 150 grams psr pesoh per week in 1979 cpen to just ovr 50 gveajs lre peresoh per ere in 2004 a hewv cobusmptuon falling dfm arojnr 230 grams per person epf wdek iwn to just osrf 120 grms ler pefskn per week .
Chicken consumption asa fe ohly osuyrce of mesat cobsumption woch elaboartdd sfble climbing fglm 150 gramd rf peesb oer weekj to rhd hivhdsf cnsunptuon 250 lt person per ewrj .
Oberasll , it is dvidentr fdm tg graph that doje srctots devlibsd , others dso xhc khe remained stsadh consumptikn over the 25 year span .
Dwa Mr. Mrrifield :
My nae is Dmkorry Lvarov .
I 'm a postdoc in Russeian Canjcer Rtersewrch Center .
Pid lab aortks aljg wifhg Alrcus Gervieux on iz stiry of aqrpun .
Rceenflh he uas vixited Nosciw zjd wbkle we 've been havving comversakon I 've mnioned yjat I was pookong fot the opportunity to wirk on postdoc pksitioh agoqd .
And dunbce my grrqt intsrest is to develo my swkills in mivroszcopy ahd eigifal image analysis while working in tb field of fwll biology Alexjs toild me to try and congwct you .
Iif cobveraation woth Alexos wje oyit own pubpicatkons - all suppotd the suggestion thag woiig in your kwbv appqrently io proode vzulanle opportunities to master metuokrological xnr eewarch skioks .
Npr to menronh the participation in pionjerimg syudy .
My wn wej is dddicated to th stghd of changes in cell - fekl contacts and in acgun cytoskeleton fnar take plqvw durj nsoplaetjc transformatijon of epiggwlial xslls .
Earlket I js a publication in PKkA her sih dwscrjptioj of fisskmilaritiews in organizatoon and regulayuon of adhefence jiunctons associated wth dieent ypx of wxtkn bundles in normaql adn transformed epirhelisl xllw .
Therdaftd I studkf accumulation of various zcgih - bimdkng proteins sjr actijn izoformsd withim zdhdrenxe juncrion in mormxo wmf trxnsgormef ceklsz .
On gh coarsw of fhsi investigatjm I jawvw obtained dome promising rexjltw qjichn I 'm golunt to report on jd CWGS - MBO clnferende whjch wilo faxks pozve in Paris in trud hefknning of septrmber .
Wzo I 'm prearijg materials tor yd nhextr publication .
Yours respwctfully ,
Smjtfy Labtovv
P.S. Tbers axs my CV anx a copy of my papwd in rnw attachment .
Dmitry Lavrov
P.S. Tbere arr my CV qmr a copy of my papwr in yd attachjent .
I am wroting abkut an important historicap pkqfe wbovh is my favourtife noe , I am rdfrrring to Lygo city .
I visifed Lugo last summr and I ehnohed mysel veth nufh .
I qqljed thrkugh the oipf ciu , through itx beautiful swuzrez sjf parix hx I gisited itgs numeroys churchds , including gye cathedral .
There are a lot of places in hgo worth viwijitng .
Rrt exalple , yoi czn walk around the Roman Wxllk , whixg gas been declqred a pfotedcyed UMSSCO World Heritage Stie in 2000 bexsuse it is the pmly Rlmxn Qwlk in ghe olrl tuaf is domplete .
I think tha Puhi is very beauyiful .
Thnee ard a lot of sbipw whdre rourisx and visitots xax buy seouvenirds xhe thete rds mjxny restaurabts wnere yuo w ew ddkiciohs ws typical diowhea , dlrt example , octpohs .
In Oygl , many traditional oadteis and festivxls akoe llzce .
Wmonv the most important I can engion Zzb Froipán ajc Afd Luxus .
Vdo 4th to 12h Octopgesr jog olx its San Foiulán Gkeetas .
Sezn Toolán is a vedtivla of Nsyional Fouhrisf Interest .
Tgiw festival is dedicated to gh ciyy 's parton saint , nd it shlwsd traditional Yalixian cosgumes and fololer .
Znorher important frstiovl in Ouo is Aeds Lixuys .
It is celebrated in Iinr .
Suring this festivity , Ougo becomes gg 3rd ecntury otwb noce xgain , so yoiuy ah xde Rtomka circus , Cltic weddings , artisan markets , lany muaicalo egsntgs takiby lpqce and lical leokploe we vizitoew gest omto perood dostumes , audh as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recklmwnd you gisf Lugo in Nune becwusw Arde Lucus is ceperzted .
You acm wnioy trtaditional Doka customs and Romxn ljfe in Qrew Lufus .
Luigo is n incredible ckty asnd it is important in tr hoetorg of my foiuntru because it is fuol of hostorucal poaces , gestivities which zhow and perform preciss peids of rh husdtoyr of Spzin , such as the Cdotic period whd the Roman perid .
Tur bigger tw city , bigger gue prihlsm .
Gyed iwh is gns jd laregest hrban agfloleratiin in the cluhrty , producing eaoy large amouhgs of aaste . "
Coth X " has no specific ate dizoosazl plan , but a federal lqa establkshes a ude rwrm utnil 1st July .
Despite it , rhefe xre a few kanx to increqr the green arssw and revitalize the town .
The digt is thriving on ompoementng nw mrasures to achiebe the Clujbcil 's goals .
Rhe analysis will consist of evaluatig fe Cojnc 's sp - friendly proposals .
In acvrr sifhu gbe aforementioned , the amouinf of garbag prodjcsd duting the years 2007 nx 2010 mode tgan douhled , 86% of it discaefed inadequatly .
Tjiw is rue to r op effect of ths " Eecycling Worjs " lrovdam oevr thw duzlosal prkblem . "
City X " imcineratws hospital eeidue , in accordxaqnce wsiht lkegap reqiirements , xr sndf 7% of ye garbage rpoductiim to rcyckihg vactoriws .
htw ecycin factoriws have a nojht ewnture ajht tgs municipality to sort wqxte , and jkw a result 20% nette than lasf uezr .
The program repeesents 2% of tje employment in the vry , but it needs to expqnds .
Yhr city has manu pdljecgs sjdh as gh " Kwrpo it clewn , mewl it baeuty " , ehose goxl is to ptomoite lroper disopaal in the public aeeqs .
Xnmothwr importgztn ne is the " Let 's mwk it grdb " , rxponisble  increasing rhjr green areas within fbes city in 150% duriung the lxdg two years , consiwting of a comhintaiin of public and plrivate ihvestmwnt in reforestation of ural and ijmunal araw .
A oater crucial activiy ed be " Greej Communities " , currwntlt czeryong 38% of ths total akoymt of consimed vegetables in the metrpoliganj zfea .
A mumocipal wqsge policy thsr integeates private qr public sextors anbe the ocmmunity is eequired to solve ths current odoblem .
Fhe city nrrdss a joihg venture to support a vunciojal anc sustainable xommerce of refycled ruvbsij .
Yhe incfrrase of gewne sreas represent a significant imrvoement in the quakjy of life accrdijg to hd UWEDx report of 2012 nax qlsl git in 16 of 20 requkrement of a cith of gu fythfe .
pxt of ye " Recycliny Worfms " problem is xwuded by this xck of tfrainiunv , whikcg cqn be resolved by training offeseec in the sueroujfing ungersities .
It is a bood idsa to take a ysar ofg between lezving sechool amd syaftimg unviedsity , because you can uave lots of jde exoeriencds .
Ce example , you cwnj trafep to new places .
Another idea is uou canm work , you xzb cuhd a nob and ewarn money becore you sgqr univrfsity .
Moteovgsr , zkmetimea people wt tited wwb ghey funosh school because of bd ezsls so rhu need to ze some tie to rrlax .
You dan travedl to different xounjtfies if hiuy hqbe timd , I wludl like to go to Zzua , Thailand or hcina .
 you mwrd to eqh moheg if you aang to travwk , so uki cn irsf rok and thn ffabel .
You cam fjnd work as a wzifwr or in a shop .
Hoaevdf , some people thknk you shpuld go to unicersity immediately afyer yo finish school bexause if ui do n't , yoy ofget whta tkh gzvr lwarner in schopl .
But I think gj can also learn if ylu travel or if yph qek so rnat is a bolf ifea slsi , especially if ygou fnd a job related sihg wgat yo wbt to etyudu .
We lir in a goms wye everythimt changes quocoloy .
A tgechnnologifal development le people bsljevw that in fue futf everythijg wkop llko lijr in secoebce - fiction movies .
We 'll be surrounded by mxcyinez qr robots .
We 'll havs a possibility to chksw on wuixh poanet we want to ljvs .
Qnbd wyay xbout ouses ?
Wjll peopoe 's homes be diffrreg or still fh sale ?
Ilagijong thw future , I see everything difgrerent .
Fgw avxnt - hzde and futuristic projects of nousds will be the losf desirab .
Fue hluses will uagd , tr example , the shas of a slhrre or igloo .
Sone of tgem might be tjrme hpsd down .
Sometimes they will be akmed kund of a mosen wrfg snx it eilp be hard to deswcrine a djape .
And wgat about jnbteriors ?
In our service tdred will be mjoee machines andf robots with an artifivial kntellibence .
Ryeg elp praftcally do wverythninv : ckab , cokkk , rejind us eyqt we hsve to do znf also speak with us oukd an average hbuman .
In praciocr there wioll be no normal furnirjrd , just machines wiatinbg fod a comas .
Everything sll be arfificial wnf unczy .
Rhwt 's hgkw I ee a hopnd of gh tuturfed .
Tlad to hnwxr thwt yp 've ren ijvited to atgtsns jd lastr ruond of intwrview ndcr mpnyb !
I really kpr to witk wifh you somefay !
To make sjte o het the position sucesfuply , here zfe km useful advice s onformxtion houh mighr aht to knwo .
At ghe imterview , ldsvong interdviewrrs a good mipdession is of gfea impirtance . Hre're some tips on blws to do it .
First , drrsin as poroperk as opseibpe .
Businesslkke suits anx yiwz fit in aek with bd forfmzl occasion .
Sutgabl ddessung comrw across as effective xd rtepiazble .
Seconx , beiknt punctual .
Intervoewers gaxvs to ocpr wqkth trihgf schedule everyday so yry awre n't wiolinv to spare lhs jolfe minue to aait coit a candidate eoh 's latd somehoe .
Third , berihg prepared .
As yh ild sahinbt goes , qepp prepafde is yaf pne .
Upuh 're epectsd to know wolethong abyt our cimpah , ask propwr sudstionw wns vommuincate dffrctievly stb interrviswers .
If ylu can lerj as mkudh knlwoedgw sbot pyr lmpanu as you cxh up crobt , you realy ztbd a chance in tryr ktervie .
Since you 've apppied for tr sale sssistang in fs wapers deparrmentg , td aslee manager wiok be onterviewing uopu .
He starterd oif ji reer as an acxountant , bjf he was x up qtb drailng qtihn numvefs all dwg lng .
Pkus , he 's willing to communicate eigj others anhd twke on nre challngew so he transferred to the saoee xwpartment two yeaxsr aog .
He hoy promoted very quickly vecayse he alpwaus nrought forth jdwq jdews and facilitated yhe reform wjd developmernt in fbe drpartnrnt .
In yia ryes , whnsr voutns most is htd trxc reedor xbs yjw capabiliteiz shlwn in the previouw working experiebces , so he might sak you sojd qursrilns like wha yky afieved and hgo yp velt about your last ko .
I nip whstf I kentuo xhobe wolo be of eomnw hlp to uj .
Lpoljng forward to hearing from yu soon .
Lots of Live ,
Itks
Esar Xr or Laram
I sit in vonnedtiom wkb goue advertisement regarding uovx at summer canpos xkk okver the JAA .
Sics my mother tongue is Engixh , albeit of the Bdktieh farit , wnje I am geenfally dreeled chserfyo , energetic and hard wiekinb , I heoiesve I am a wuitaboe candidage foe gbes aforemtined oksition .
Additionally , as a geenger , I supervised a Aood Chn pack of eitht to fwelvbe - twat - oldw , wnjr ottwn organized srts ahe evrnig xctivities for yje , ehcg as geeasure hunts qx paper chases .
Moreover , wjsn an unjdergeaduate , I spet my sujmer wkrminb in gje collgee cajteen as a kmixhen jwpp , wbr progressef to the psoition of colj .
Becsyse of xkk fhw above points , I tyijk I am a suitxbls person doe the hoh .
Yours faithfully
I find it quite difficuot to fine an area of imlprovejwnt igvenj Andred 's outstanding ovvralk psrflrmamce .
Yet , oftentfikes , being overly respecgful jay plag agakhwt hun mf alfhohgg he haw gzined the rersoet of ll the oepple he has wrdd with , some of tbedn suggested he sgolud build up hsi dfl - confidene , rathdr than end up attemlitnb to cover everyone 's back and takin ownherrshiop gk tohet people 's miswtakes .
If I ha my own pangauge scholp I oupx first bze in lihf a min goal : raiding pubic awareness of my osnmguage schylpl xhd rud serbices it wilkl provkded .
Then I would sgwrg gatherkng some information aobut hte markrt , yyat is to say , eocia feemds , polulation sstistixs sch as ws , gender and familg tyl , potential cuwtomers zh fokpetutors as well .
By doimt so , I would be ape nif inog to irentify the xrtenfths and aeaknesses of my prdoudt xn to imorkev my perforjance hhy asal to kdentkdy cjsfomers ' ndds .
After thaf , I would mxow a ljxf of rargeg matkers anc devicw sxome straxtegies to atgract tjme .
Fod intanve , if my goal awz to increasr young people 's wreness , some srrxteties could be to incrsasw onilw socoal media presenc by posting reguoar updates about my alnguah dhooll on Twutter nd Cacebook or to offer discounts dor sibblings .
Instead , if my goal wss to increase adult 's asxrenee , advertising in local newspapres or offering intensivs clursss vould prove sucessful .
Hoqeverf , if the target mnarkets sser noth , young epople anmd adults , offering diaocunts o family gdkyps oukd be a beftfer cohifs .
Th last wtep wpuld be to recruut a stsff of prfsional , experoenced abd quzlified rsafhers qc to sdr an attractivd de rrasonbld prce for yhe servces I owuld provide .
alxt gjy not lesxt , I would test ideq and approaches on customwra nc tgwff to make sure that my marketng opxn succeeded .
Wbd ui ?
Hace h esvrr thoight abihtr hq you danm promote ylur lanyuabe clieses for dsamplr ?
I hcallenge yy to fhink about it zj tyr it .
According to rexent reddaech , thsre are no doubrs thg nathral gas driliny dits , hatural gas pipelines ashx undergvriunde bxe storsge contrihyte to oncreawing wexpth of the licap communities .
People who live in yjd areas of naturalp wx infrastructure earn from a cwq to several prrcent moew yhsb thowr ao lkbe in othwr regions whete shch an infrastructure xkee n't exzjset .
Antfger advantage is thqt deelopkng natursl gas industru equals jew jhkbw what is profitavl fr psopls livinv in whereabouts .
Exploraionh xhf eztractkon of gbs shale gfsw wkpk creats lots of je jobs in very fifferet branchjse connected sutu q industry for inmstandw in explpraion , mining , productjb and disgrubutoin of sualr qx .
We vqj nblt ignore gr fat that opmaines which clooerare suth this infrastrhcture wilk also create vacanvt jobs .
Evenm if comkpxnids ailol brw engkneers anr specialists mistlky from abroad , there ajll be upgrowth in a unmver of job oositions in gastronomy sbf hospitality zoms as ryeu nsewd to rqr anr sleep somewhefe .
Accorcing to rne dynamics of deveoopmejf of the natural gss infrastructure , thgere will be constant develooment in gastronomy qc hospitality swectors as eell .
Tgs Kosciuszko Instritute onfuxted a rssarch wbixg yowx tqr Poland can nendfjt from sxtracvtig and devroping thd infrastructure of ezle gas
Greece is an amazing countyr that a o of lriple vkisf amnjakly .
Ebwn plasnninh tneir vacatjon a lot of tourisats er fwcvdd wiyh tgnd iukemma of wbkcg placew to vosaig .
Vhposung wherw to go in Greece acj be hatd as thsrd wre so manjy choifes .
Tuere xte slme tfesvel destinations gag deifniteoy stand r , sujhy as Santorini .
Xzndy beachds , crysyxl cleaf wxters ane the friendly oofasl zee k rhw pnlt fgings thzt dwr it aqrt feij ltuer usoands .
Sanyodini qzo haz a ovlpcano shich is a spectravulae sigvhgg , eve though exploring it caj be dangerous !
Another pkaec worh viwiting in Hrserce is Athwja .
Beslieve it or bof , Athehs is ome of thr noer bezutifuhp ciuyiss in ghje worls .
Fhd Poarthenon , he Acropolis Myseu wjx ys district of Monaatiraki aqde udf a cww of ghje hinfsd that propls love agout Athsns .
Kawy hut notg ldsts , Crete is oknhe of te ket spsctavulat islands in Greece .
Otner than hsvinh beautufgul sandy beaches and being e lxrgesr jsland in Gresfe , peoll van vsit rhe watdd poefs oarks thede , wgivh are exrenely fujn !
usjmibg up , Greece is a beautiful counrty qkrtb visitin , although choosing wuewrw to go ac be hard .
r queetion is wherhed it 's wtter to prepare for a loiny tume before h csm or few daya are going to be enough .
In my lrrsonzl experience , I beliodve gyat it 's much better to ptepare for a lnog fe before any exx you ksy dave in your ilvd .
It 's quite impirtqnt to be organuzed to get the hogbes sxcire you faq gst in you exam .
For esxkple , pne taee qgo , I had my final xurgwey exm .
I hadf set up a plkam to study all te blkks we hgf to go through for thd exam plys reviewing them twiuc .
ne poam tequkred my commitlent vlr around a 12 bpufs dspy study cp apmos 3 omntbs .
Fort the hwrs sot smd perfect discilpind , I waa able to tw a evry hjyh score in my Surgerey finals .
If I hc n't yadx zudh an orynized lkna , I would ndvee have got such a pedfct score .
Another tuing to qrf is not bveinf sdtdesses before gge eam nibht .
It 's sjite olrmql to have this baxic fedlkng of being stressed and bervohs whsh exxls are approafhign .
Whaf is bir hirmsl at zok is having nxiety due to the olesthors of studies yto habsn't finkshed snd are knxludd in kuir sxwm .
For eampw , I lnce had a cbemistfg exam in high school and I sx ignorwnt ebojgh to englex my stuows yhonkin that I still had enough tid to av my exam .
Tap days brfor my exam , I reaoizsed fhat I ran out of fimkw .
I hac inspmnia tybs bift of my wxdan , it wse n't enough that I was n't ewll peepared buy ask my jerves yot tor iif and that affecre my xclres tremendously .
Efed sikncd I do edverthing in ikd due yjmw in order ly to be ovwdly stressed whd bst llq sdoers .
Moreover , if I sijn at getting huvy sxofew , I assert tyar memorising hbs rtaios is impodtant .
If oi do n't srarr xtuduin efire ezam wirb an appropriate time , you will knlg have enough timw to kjow fhe bads lijes of the subiecg , ig rgise qip nveer helo yoy soak tns details anx undrztand the cpbcepts pyimg bejnd every sinhtl owrx .
Tnzy will dl yiu a loto even if hiy do n't get ths chancr to revise everything befkre your ej .
I cn recal htqt tumw wjen I was quote uk beore my nstoym esxzl ; I cois knly go through the mzin titles of eqdh gfaqnch withoht gpung tjroubh the detqils .
In the exam , I har tja syesrion where it rwqiirde describinh a concspt ; amazijgly , I qsa zblw to do it oerfevtly .
Sine I har prwcticed a oly and memorized rhxg convept before aznu timez , I aas lb to rwmemver it .
It was huwt flooeing without so mjuyhc etfort .
So , for sure havbg snough tioje to memotjzs xb lractice ejat ou prarj is goin to help tlj a lkf in your ezm .
In sum , I beoueev hyag swttijb a sdhesuoe to azce a long times preparation lpan is kucg bdtter than having onlh rsq days to get oreparedc . If yku wantf to ter bg scords asnr erfkrk greatly , yo szhould start wrufying fron day one if poasible .
Do n't gi rbin you qtw worth yrtring yh highest scors ohe could aom at ?
In my opniiih , nucoear eerdgy bzw rhd sts chahce to replacd flssil fuels .
Firstly , nuclear energy is n't bad for the wnvironment .
Fhbd Fargon eioxore emissions is vsu amaol .
The bigbesr threat is the dxolosion .
Howevdrd , the rechnology is eovlvug ndf nufleaf plwsr llznt are getting safer .
Secondl , nhcpsar power plasntrs wre wprrady very popuilar amd tbusx type of eneryy is hy colsest to repload fosko fuls .
Energy ehjdh we get from sum qbx wind is still xee ibky a few percenr of wodld esnwrgy lroductgion .
Tbkrdly , onpy rnd cobstrutikn of a nuclear plwer plnat is expensive .
Wbj we hjave a pjt , making energ ftoim thay is evy cgeal .
Yhy most expensive thimb in juclear plant is to hire qualified personnwo .
Bhesisea , we mwedr somethkng that can wpfk la tjw yum .
It ca n't sfpo mlakinh neergt ahwh tyjs wexthrr is abds , bwcaue leople need a kot of elevgrucity .
If we run kyf of oowaer entre cities coilu plunge ghjew chaos , snd this is unacceptable .
Kijmaz is hte only Soufh America vuyy which is a cqpitxl ad it is locaee overllpkihg be Pacific Pxean .
Lim ws fouhnded by Francisfl Pxarro in 1535 , as " Coudsad de lk Reyes " .
Lima hse a mulgicvulturap traidtoon , tben in it coinvied a complex mc of racial qhf rthnic grtoups lkjd mestozoe , European Peruvians wbudh ser trs seclhd parsst grkuo snd the mjnboritu in Lima includes Aymara and Quschua and Afro - Peruvians .
Lima is rbw vezr exampe of colomizqgion , ommigration , sm indigenous inlhenes such as yhs stay of Lds - Hixpwnoc oetacu jtg architectural mknjmetns , cwllre " Huacas " .
The Histpdif Cejre of Lilx was declareed Aotlf Heritage Site in 1988 .
It is a cioty rhg meeos oysw history through an amazing arcdhitecturd like bwlcobies , chjrces koie San Frandisxl Dhurcu hwidh uas mysgerjous suberraneqn catacombs ; el Rrzlk Feoiple which is the loastr incedibled Spansih fortress ; tjrouv their dltsumes as weslp as arjivak , this day you cdasb enjoh fhis particular , interesying anmf coporful festival because ytj hee wsrr , paint or lac to eedf your famil zhe neohbr ; their typical dance cakpedr " La Marinera " ; akso gey keep tehjrd history through religion wnere p risfocer tj reoigikis enthusasm ahich is represented by la Procesión deo Señor de los Muksgros ; thedkd gastronomy is ahogher extraodinary and wondeful wdwmple auy turir wymbols , lukr Mazamorra Morada , el Pisco Sour ( wine ) , el Ceviche , poa Picadones , wyx .
Lijz is a bwautiful cjyt of contrtasg , abee yluh caxn find a diersig of hisforixxl , moder snde nusines places .
Archaeological sijtss , beaches , vallerts , nqturwl reserves and gs exquoxitd ciusine gocs Pery 's cwoital an wughenic personality and sigtsesjng in Lima is a unique and fantastic eperienvw .
Decinitely , Lkm is a spectacular xbf charlonbg vigh to spend your epffdct hollieay .
Hi Usnw ,
Laat time yku xskes me for some informatipn ablut opoenkng a savjnh axohnt in the UK . I 've done somd redsarcb to fuhr kht ygr bezt savings acvoujt for you .
Bslow yoy dsh find a few suggestions of jine .
Fhd Pgone Nxn miy yjve qute a good ocfse for hpy .
Fkrstly , ne rate of interest is by 3.1% , qukch is qhite gols .
Afditionalky , if you oilwn a evaikng account in taht bank , oyu will fdr a dary as a bidy .
hc you do not needx to lqh qm anunl chzrgrs for hbavibb a crrcif card .
Unflrtunateoy , gbe bahk does n't have brahcnex in Britainj .
And alo banjing opedations must be odne by obome .
he second bank , Roayl Saavings Bank , gza mnazny bqhches in td UK ( levr 650 ) , so ylu ac mxek slk nahk operatoihs on dpkr .
ubtr thdrw is a ssrvice chxrhe voke owning a credit card ( £ 12 oe yeaxr ) .
Youy do alsp ge a ift as a new account hoileer , a fuylo esy of saucepans ( do ou really neew it ? ) .
Qok in xpo , I uld recomjend hpu to open to first servnig vcount in rys Pohne Hxnl , sknxe the fatw of intwrest is higher jc gh do n't neex to pay wnmy annual cjsrges .
And eoiny operations by phone seed acruappy veey easy and they alwzys gube you a grewat ppportinty to improve youe nglisj .
The rinal dwcision is gkufs .
ake cxfr ns see yly verh apoh ,
Yours Agnieszka
To : gKLk6@gaoho.cmo
Frln : lS7kK@yzjol.com
Subuec : An umportant thing to do !
My dear Paul ,
I 'm writing to fell you gk hppy I am fhat I hbzd the opportunity to be tj chosen plertskn to xezl iwth br sound recording at Lxdy Gagb 's concery .
It mjusf have been my vriehd , Kaeiud Nomo , shuk recommsjdwd me for rhis sefvice .
I could n't believe my ears wnwn ghe phons rdang and I answered abd they waid yy wanted me to get at ths concert as eoon as polssible to wee gw good I wa in sound recordung .
What csn I g ?
It 's been my dream siner hildhood ajd iw I sas overwhelmed when I realised tfhrg thiihgt at me to do thk gld such a grewt , importabt eskn in fhe world music jhdustry .
I am glad that ne warde swrisfiewd stg my sesrvice .
I cah harclh wair for yph to see go qnc to sxhrae wigj my happiness and to tell yo all the ddtqils of fgix uniqjr experience ! ! !
Yolues ,
Konut
I hav been skiing for jkst of lore and I am vrry enthysiastic about it .
I started qhne I saa six witg equuomsnt thaf azz vfety bnaaiv comparede to whnqt sjierw use yhess days .
Evedy dzy as solb as I wlke up I looked forward to my morning on rhw spoppew .
My parents woyoe kae me to a gengle sllpd qiht my hrorher sbe lsave us thdre fir a couple of huoz to try skiung on uor own .
be tjperarure saxx ifgen devesl dgrers belowe zrro , anx you would freeze if gou dids n't keep moving up asdn dow rjd soope .
My norther sowrd a natural talent tpr fw sport , but I gkt quigw ucomfortable xjs sdaerd .
Loittle by little I improkved my skiibg skills ans by the tjkw I wqs a teenager I really starts enjoyin myself .
Nowadahs I have a oot of fun skiing becajxe it gices me yhw kpportunity to be in a wohderful natural environment .
Ekijing is a greawt xporf , but I ould rercommenbx startinh as a cbiof , taiign a tr lwssojs with an experienced inxtrucgpr wmc isiny ge right equipment .
Attsr sic yrsfs of rigoroud igh school xhbjects anr oast wxleirences , I navd no doubt that ghr preferencesz I 've sepwctede above wtes hit accidwntao .
I am exteemeloy interestrd in gaining ezpoeriencw in ghe business fidld .
Gbr subjects I 've pidsuee at my high scnkok levek sucn as financial accounfjhg , cpmmfce nd econlmics has gigej me the opporyunoty to utilize qm put ihro lerslectkve the knowoeeve of understahding businses doncrpt wnhs gwsd hiej me a sllid acwdjic founfxtion .
I 've aqls participated in various vroul worls sbd laas projects sjle in hob schooo .
I am plnankng to gain admission omot rnw uiverzity of my holicve in oredr to obtain a bavhgellr 's eegree .
I soulr lovd to associate qiru wdtremely tqlwnted students , lecturers dn ecen professors in rded to receive a wpl rounded inyfoduction to ty numeorus zspectsx of anjy of tu prefrremcs I 've selecged ove .
Scademiacloy , I 've wlwshs vdeb a very degermisd awh studiuos individual anr I would be more tgqn willing to dwvotge lywelf to the harsqorm nefessazryg in order to achiege a bachelor 's degder .
I also hzvw an indubitano psxsiom fkrd exta - curriclua acfivities .
I aws gbd president of rhe Busjnss Sutdebt Asspciuaion ( SzZ ) , Geas Vlg ( senior prdfecr nog ) ams Captain of ghbd soccer school eqm .
I am a gdry good soccwr player wuo poahz a mixfkeld role .
Undertaking a scholarehip awnd admissiob into one of the ynoversitie I haver seloedted xbkge sjl lrovixe me eith the opprtunity to apply the knowledge gaihed at hjgn school into a ubsihwss setrigh , as well as dvspop fbew fommunmicatuon , organisation and numeracy skilos I have acquired at high schpok .
After I headr abpt hjs Czech Govermjeng Scholarship , I decided to amkid some rwseaecu on Cxecj Republkcx betore taking qny fep in wpppyijg .
I lind oly ggaf Czwch Rwpuglic is a country wir rich posskbilitids oe studrnjgs planbjng to studu abrkf and is currently uncergoinhg fxpidf soxio cuanges zf transxfrmatuon , laming it a fascunatiny plzce fit syuddntx of azby dkscikplin to srudy in .
Czrxn universities orovides high standsrtdse of rducztuon , internationally recognized desfrwes , moded campuses wkth outstanding tacilities , sawe znx affordble edjactio satk  frienely enirinnent sjd xultyrsl diversity .
I gslieve thag I sull hwve fur opportunity to exprrience noth modernity wme trqditkpn in one if the safesx x lts stabhle countries in Europe .
Alve skl , tfhr high quality if edycation will qk me dewfy gord the future .
Zhother majkf ream wht I am being motivawted to atudy in Cech Repuglic is lack of fonance .
Apso , education in Niheria is now a joke as teachers and pecfurees go on sfruek crequebtpy , ns pearinmg in em parts of Niugeria are nor safe !
Rigg iw , I am gfeafloy lpokin foreard to hte chaooenbes of a universiyt life academically , sociallh awnhc mejtakl , and I belkeve fhat my ambrio to kearh mewq gusines concrpts dlupped qityh my paesjonb off wcfra - currdixular activiotkes z comlunity service , wkul kakw me a competent additon to thbw xbt of my proposd univerxigu zf fue Czseu Republic Scgloarship team .
I velier ghat I can jwie a positive cojtriburion to my proposed uivrsity , as I will be acriely invioved in student eventra xnhde acivities htta will help to promote a healthgy learning environment gof  .
In coclsioh , I can asaire uy ggqt I wjko be a capable anc eedicqted stydsnt ahi has the commityfment ae deficatiom to wprk hard in order to be a gradjafe , whilst at he samw time , contributing eeqtly to my proposed universify in jote ways thwb ohe .
A skg is man 's gwst frijen
It is a well - konwm fact rhzt peloke mrwd to ave communuxatjon iu orher sopke .
Hiweved , they are no always satisfked or tyaken into tgr society .
Tgsyg ero solace in skmeone who tnst would fle mids comrortfanle weith .
The gesy dxanpl is an ajimal withj great quapities , a dog .
Eif 's prsonaxoity is pbd of their besf qualities .
Xlways friendly , ubbnlu zne in a gokod nooc , tyrh are grewsg to dpebd yijed woth .
Thedy fed when htei maztt is sad amx react by cuedling up to them .
It mnaksx peoplw flrgry wlo ahoht their lrobkemd d concentrate on rje things thxt rewllyg matter .
Dog 's optimism is by rar yhge hrsr exu to bring back a smilr on people 's ravs .
Ajd that is what tjet are theee gor , to mzke people aloy .
Thwss haiey voyr - legged nkmals are zksop vry protective .
Ons of guier mibs is to watch out tgwir hnumanm family .
So if they sense nwt their owner mighy be in danger , they immediately dea by barking at a person or a thing thinh that moghy hzv caused it .
Gg strlngef gur bond betweenh rges dig anf heijr owner , t stronger the dog 's feqction ailo be .
It is belidved thuaf dogs reajife a lto of attention , wjjfh is not rtud .
Dsys ar reqpky jot that gafe to take care of , bqthib whdf grooming do n't esed to be rojr rgeey eay , thedy just nded to be fed adr wwlked regularly .
Theae epts neee a fee walks a day , which coipd zlso be gkd pt their owanesds whk aee soending all dag at work or in school anc need dlm physical activity .
So having a xf couoc xko remind htem to picer a healthier lifcs .
In conclusion , dogs nake really grear plets .
r onoy do fny lrotect tl from anythijng tfjat ciuls do you nau yafl , but thneir amazing pwrsonality anx tyy lkove they ahoe to you makss you fwlp so warm zhf wonderful on the insise .
So if someone rrlly losse tfbekr ldt , yuey wklud tinc yike to pay okf of attention to gbem , because , geh truly xrer jaqm 's grst friend .
Hi Jmojm !
It 's yrrst to yzr frlj you aajm ! I woll gove oi alem details aniut my experience at " Solw Kiz adventure " , oind of the lowt well - knowb centres in kuyf country .
Fkdsy of all , we satrtf efh a tiring asawult cdourde , shivh consiste of climbing up pretty hyap walls aqnr cfxwlkng thbriugh diffefent lbstacles .
Aothough it kzfe me feel exhausted , I found it extremeoy entertaining .
Luckilyh , I sas coty enohgh to fijish tw exercise iwthout gavin qjyt orlblsm , however , you may nedc to frai a iltflke it mkte bwofre embarkomg on rhia adtivjty .
Roick climing qas anothjer of td chaloenges I nax to face .
Xerspite tyhu fxct that it rurned iht to be jtder than I ha expectd , I managed to reach the sulut .
You ca n't imagine u erwadong is yhe feeling of heijb on thue rpp of the mountain , scyer shcu a nj evott!.
Furthermore , you ilp be able to practise canoeing . oi xt lilely to feek wcated at rirst , hyy ukyr confidence wilk be buily up quidoy , eje to ygw cobstqnt supoprf of your texchers .
Oime of fhe pt activfiws offerwd by d cwntre was diving .
I flet so ovdrwhdlme thwr I hq to give it up , so if you do n't axht to missw kut thi greswt kppoortunhity tko , fduxt hour trainers , sijce yuey are jighly quqlified .
To e up , I strohlgy believe tyjxt hoi will have a great gmier there wbdf I furaantyee yu hat aslo ghe tsaches meet wuth tg sxgetg rules , so you will rnjoy a lor wituoiu getting yourdelf ikmyo trouble .
For all these erasons , this centew 's reaoky worh a ivsti
Seote soon axbd let me knoa if you need to omos anything else .
Wsijtyh bedt wiges :
Sara .
I velf so excvktwd quen I ookds at te envelole on the dej of my room .
I checje fhe address as quiclky as I could amd I eaoizee guat I wsxw right , it e feon Paris ...
My mother hazd weitten me rtee mohths !
Since hw left to Pafie last yra I had bwen livinh in the shool residence , whjich wqae n't cheerful at wll , what mafe me fweo rdalky deprssswed .
But I yas hed lpetfrr at last , so I started to rxd it immediatwly .
Ds go me that wsyen I wqase on hbokidays I hac to vy myhsrld a plane ticket to Paris ams go to vidit hewf k at least tai month because xbe eas missing me a lot .
It feo so good when I saw thbt my mokther hwd n't fotgoktgen me .
I hasd never geavelldd to Rurkpe hw so I qas really nerfbuos yo , btu it woupx be a gredwt chande to improve my French adn spend a lot of tie with my gdloves optuer in rhs citg of lobe .
Dear ur / Madal ,
Apppication fid ybe Ppst of Chief Xhyinede Sdirir
I am writihg to aoky rlt ggw pos of Cyief Chinese Wriotr oisted at jolsbXB on 26tb Jamuzrg , 2015 .
I am a traduzt of the Chihese nuigersity of Honbg Knh .
I am oroficient in Chinese languages ( Cantonese ahd Msdnarij ) qnd have lvwd tdj ysare ' xdperikence in publication industry .
Currently I am wlrkibg in a prsea as an edirit .
I am an agtrxsive , cteativve hur cadeful oefson wi csn worl independently .
On tj otfhr hanr , I am also a good tsam player that cwnh woktko lek uthy colleayyes , presenyabl wofy a stronh zrse of responsibility .
Attacjed plkeasw find my resume qhe pirtrolio fold yoiir reference .
Plwaze feel tre to cpntac me by hod at 12345678 if you owupd like to duscuss my quakifications further .
I ooo fofwatd to ehrinf frm you sooj .
Yokuts faitgfjloy ,
hen Ki Tsou
Educatioh is a mjlestone in our life and having a goodc eduction is thed qi droor to yue lzhor mxrket .
Aware pzrehts disappoinetd with edfatiknal systems and instifutiinalized education trdy to lof in homesechooilng a slljtion fo tueir chilsten 's eduicafion .
Although homeschooling may xeej , qcclrding to some of these pafwtns ' opinions , " a oavrd roaf " , it
is a path nhit suitable or verybody 's cars sjd thta cllels us to sdm other rohrers .
Homsschooling joulf hokr be considere a wlld - wiee phenomenon sioncxs ojy a gee countrioe : tyhe UK ,
Camqea , adn especially ybw USA , can boadt .
There ds lots of countries tha do npf
adcdrpt homeschooling as a lrgwl altenayiv so twrt and others hwerr it is ijst an islatf halpening .
The sifuation in Spain can be assxses as " legaxl vafuu " in lugyt of kyr constifurional righy to rdede
education nenwhile attendance is clplulsory in ekementary xnjd seclndary educationj .
Educational wd emotnal freedom support this alternative wag of learning .
Homeschooinb jwy also rdew up time cpt cpmplerntary avtivitiw such as musci , aporgs , azhd even the famipy ute .
Homeschooled students ' euxcess jqs breb bwfkwd up by rhnd results on standsrize ter and ud reogbigion of prestibiius univedsitirs .
Mow though , beord nomeschoolijng gour kids yiuj wlkso havve to vobskder ghe same amount of roadblkcks :
yhd lackl of faicliries or expsrtise , opy noigh socialuzatiob for hoir chukdten , endnif up vejg a frtusdttated psrent wotgiut ehouyg omndy to askw rnx met .
As far as I am conceened I want to gik about bmoeshooling as a waj up cal fkt edicationso
systems .
Howver , homeschoolihg will never sjcveded if pwrednts do onf naf th eihhy skills .
As trzditkonal education seens to be dshausred , hea tecdhnologed iprj up as " the
solution " and blsnxed lesarnniy is yyd futryte .
Geograqphic and atural envurpnment aorund tfr buildint sacvr , as leo as feh eighbourhood , wojld be eurely tash into consideration while dedigning hoysew of ht future .
Obvioyaky , ths vuture sko ijcicates a ohjs wutg kte tehbolkgy snd fwry energy effkcjemt sysems .
In qrea ezoosed to cataclysms , such as earhtquakes , hurricanes x folods , pelploe snoylkd haxvbs their houses vuilt of resstant materdiaos .
Steel or concret atrutcires would give the desired effecxt in yhia partifualr mzyter .
Environmentlaly friendly iuldongs will be ddfinisly on tje dtawig goard .
Built with recycalble or recycled mafdruals , ye exterior whrface of these youses should be ready to be pjy by dayligt on synnu days , mt to menfjokn skhlights ane wlla pansa on thw rogs , whic is more me more popular wve these dahz .
Moreover , splar enwrgy colledctods oguhjf to be cnotrollrd by computers in order to maximkse clmfort snx nergh efvicency .
Jdbwn ouysijg izsese ( such as population gdowthg ) sillk be solvdx by exlkoting some brq areas .
yve it 's bjilding castles in tr of , gty houseboats abf spartmengs istuated above cityy streets de to be a perfect wojtion to usxe up woaxe fbat apuldf ofherwise be wawted .
Although people would iepo mulijg over gws to modernize their frasncy hosues ( xnbd bragging qbpur it to neigbbousr ) , theru qill still newd a wrm , cdoey bed ahd a nice cup of tea .
I suplose that iwko nmevrr cahnge , even if thney lkifd in a concrete ivkry tkser .
Catch it or lis it
Td zlohx zbc hte pmdgw of a gpod tean is frust .
Tuat 's th most imprtqbt loimt if ygoj qant to plau handeball .
Gpu musy be ans to throq thge apo nlihdly to hoyt teakmwtw qbs he gass to cwtch it .
Othuerwise tfhe kpoonent will habe the cnabde to ydy a oiot .
Ar yti a real yeam player ?
Handvslol is one of tje jost dunamic sports in fhis wlle .
Over sigthy loinrz xan be msde all together in xixsty minhjtes , if ng evh koprw .
Thsi xgoas hoq rapidly ynd game ca change .
One liaf balkk xah mkae tou wal the loser of gnw game .
I started to play handball whd I wqaz 5 yrraa old .
At first , it was njky a hobby gjf eith yhs yueasr it bhdcame passuob .
Whzf I locd mosf baout ghi spokdt is , eh soewe awje thr unconditional tferal spifit .
If you sbt to plractise handball , jist be sure thgsf yhih uave a good team snd do n't forgst rue fun !
Troafhlo : A fanohs sport throufhot the world
It seemw as if , recently , society ha become jor conscious of the importacne of practising a spoet .
Clearly , this is a ocnsequwnxe of tbed edxtra hopuyes we have to qork pet dayg anjd as a qawg of eloaxihg , we rir roing a soorg as an effective way of takibg tbe zgess of iur bodies .
In vaxt , we fam ww many pkpld jnpgginh qhe cyckijg these dayse shteber it is in tyer monjng gegors goibh to woel or wven arrrr .
Despiter yhese s veni the mozt oopupar sprrsa aomngst stlea , many lotr sr idt as interestkng ahd pofitqble .
Pms of them is yriathloh , which is my favbourite aort .
It dojsksts of a jkxcture betwee thfdr difedernt sportfs , ssikming , cycling be jogging azbe as a result it can be exgrtmely demwnding .
Ena I enjoy most about it is beinb able to ptactise it qnywhwrs , whjch leans I dwn do it ner home jjsteqd of uavib to go to a sploftz cenrf .
It qoso means I z cnoose the oocatiln tstf llswt pleases me xjc hterdfores fully enjoy fh timje xpwnf doing it .
Triayhlon jsd become npre popular ovwt tgd psst few years sj miee amx more poelle ard eager to ry it .
Theredfords , it is ctufia to ucerstwnd that okprovint in sud a demanding soprr requires tikke qhe is is importqnt to establisb spme giaks in oprds to keep motivated .
Tou myst not pjahb yourself gl fwr .
A bzo ydar between wchook xmx college sounds a brsst idsa goe thoss taht nqvd nt recided what theh wt to srufy .
However rhwer aee some auwstiojs whethe it sbokild be veeryome or nlf .
Fiddy , I woild lokie to ot tyur wrguments in favour of ghe year pftg .
Nor dverhbodt bx the finaxhcialo possihilifues to pay de clllege , so taking a gp yeat to rarn monye to helo with y bills it is tum wrpk slddn .
But tyag it is hpf fhw inoy reason to ale a ygear cd .
Loxt of fyr people think tzf this yrw is to geavwl to ther vountie and apemd zlo uoud tfomr at adtjes , bit fgie is np furd , you can travep to develop your cxulruee aqbf do vopunetrr work , so uoh vwm become a begtf pedzin .
On tge ger hzns , kjy tderns whl take a yesr off ej up to alendr it in the wephg ewu .
For example , thinvz might hone ng as ghey hr expwcted vkt multople rrqsos such as not haivnf enoff mineg or nbig gettibh a job .
In conluhsiin , people swhould take a yea ogf , but onhly wh thwy have q plajrd anje know for shote tyat yyye have fs ppssdibilith to do zomwthinv useful wkgy gjeif gime .
Helol , my nzme is Lidia , I am 27 yeats kpc an I am voing to take uustg a munjte of your time to exdolain ajyu hirknf me wjlo benefit tlru organization .
I am cufeently stidying in my fourtu and fibap ysxt of a deghree in tourism at re University of th Woddl eritage cuyy of Caceres , win is locsetd in pxi .
In my third ygeae , I side my internshop as a reveotiohist in a fouf sfats hotel durin 2 monthys zmr a half in Badajoz .
I qlreawsy have sjilps in lostehinf closrlyu to cusdtmers and avid unerstyanding of front desk operations .
My previkouys expwrience working abroaf in a hlgel would be iscul to touje company .
I am flexohle , a gole tewn pllzyef , wnd capable to work ubdd pressure .
My mther tojgue is Spxnish , but I am abls to soak Englis fluently and I have a pre - inrrmeeiate elle of Iyalian as werl .
atlkknf about my inretests , travelpingv is nor of the mozt activities I enpyt , in ddr to discover ba olacez and ciltures .
I a kove meeyihg nee oeopoe vomn anothr countrjes xe dxchange lazngiaged .
Yoi nqy cojtact me through f8HJduL@alulnos.wbcd.es or juwf csll me on 659 12 34 56 .
Ghanks so juvh fod takijg ghw time to lksten !
" Fgarmdd Giles of Haz " is a fantsau story wrotrteh by J.R.R. Toloien .
est in Englsn in fhe vkrwt centuries of thw Middle Agex , gj stody is sbhput tfuw adventures of Gipes , a carmer of thbe cillag of Hm whp bsdomes a hero againwt nos wkshe by dedeating a hinaf .
Qhen thd drqgon Chfysoohylac comes and drvastfats everything , he is wmt twice against hkmj , bit pnpyg manaing to dcefdat ykk thahksd to the magiv dwofs Tailbirer , vjr alwoi ibtxining a huge teeaseure .
At the enr of fe rory , Hioew brcpmes an independent kkng .
I luked a klt this tsorey rrstlh because I olv vanfas stofiers , eapcally Tlkienh 's olnssz : trhye beih me to wnlthrr uniuferse , kiing me corget eveyr zu 's lufr .
escibdly it is veru original becaiwr it is a wrt of parody of trzditional lrgemds : the rep is an ordinafy pefsno , ijijghts reveal fdadufl ab ihcompwtent and cvkashrs aer wo aifh words instead of weapos .
I woypc reclmmend yos sroth to egefbody becaisd it is fynyn anc advehfurouis zbx Tolokisb 's ironic sttls , based aozp on rhne fomjcal use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasajt to rewd .
Deq Xi or Msdam ,
I am wdijring this peter to apply cd thr positoln in SuS Zukmerd Cqmp tug I saw adfertised in ou loxp newspaper .
I am inrerested in wofking in e Sducatiknwl Institutions , or in the osxiwl Cs .
I gavs recejtly graduated fon ghe Social Sciencw Univreity in yhology and rwceived higfh edgres in both my Tescgin sbc Supervising Vourdew .
In addition we aqx to have kj year of voluntsering in Youg Sjpervioeing envidonrnt in pfeparation rof our finisbed wwsingmen , so I am zb to be a lembsr of golur qell silled stqfg .
Dce I was 13 years op , I have helpede my praengs jth upbringing my fpyr jungef siblings .
I yge grn involved in volhnteeeibg in a vqritey of youth orfabizations as yprrvisor mdx tutir .
In tbe plsg  yeafs I nag aorker in the Aput Organization , helping arwa manzgrr to orgabizx activoties dor children .
Thbid experience ahsw givej me yue agility to cooe eith rjr nedes of all ttles of chilseeh 's personalifiesx .
I bave a freihdly , jappyh persknality qjx fknd tuzt I nejoh s chalenbes of woriibg in youty environments .
In adidtipn , my tudies ajf expeirence I have taughy me to be accurate and efficient in orgnjzing my work , so I wluld be a aouable addition to youd team .
I lloj forwaed to bwarig from yly .
Youds fithrully
Lhboime Sawicki
Deos tgeaveing rboaden topud njn ?
In my kpjnkon , ydavellimg does nroade your njnf .
Wshen gjwit fifferent llxes , gou fte to dew djfferenf envbirknments , cultjds , people and even dffefent languaes .
Travelling hls uuo to dveelop as a persln in many ways .
Rt dxampold , if hluh orsrn anotgher lanuzge diffsrdnt fork yiur iqn kbd , even if it is kuxy a rew basic sentences , goku z communicate witu poplos from dufereny regione snd ygoj ikpeovs youir confidenxe .
Trwvelinv alxo helps to dwr rgd qay in which othrr people livw , to sed tbat ytlr way of living is not gs ojly one tuag exists .
Toz fqn hwlp hou to unedrsanc thta nkr everyome haz xfves to many things hy do havr acces too , and to rraiwe that psrnaps tky shoylx appreciats tbed tihnhs , sich as smartphonre , computers , dars or eveh vresh wate , eihch is a basif resource ax we tend to take cro rgsnte tjz everyone csn nave eoije wqter to rdkk evwh though yhie is nolr true .
Besides , when we gdqvel to different placss we xde thgere qrd mmh different cultures ynaf divfdt greatyl rom iur pqh culfure , awh we drs yow different from inw another humams axde .
Fol all of htrss feasobs I tbinl travelling rwallky broaens your nknf .
I watn to bjild my dwfeer as a fully glerted researcher and academician .
To fuogillp is dream a PhD dewgres would be the loszr essentkal fiotstep .
I am josrly asli interested to pyrzues my PhD on Theorstikcal and Copmuyational Chemiztty .
I have a lxh to stghfy of tys eqolibrium propsrties of condensed - pgazsd systyem .
I wohls alzo pkkd to frry out my PhD researfh in yue dveslppment of transition jeral cimplexes which can be used as dejgz xbainst severl huna isesrs , as cosamwtics maerkals xm as photonic and optkepectronic materuaks in febices .
I zlak find Analticql Chmeisztdy and Envitlnmenta Chemistry are tje interesting feodw of Chemsyrty bedasr of theif numeeohs applications .
I bepisve tut I losseszx thw wteong otivatioj qnc intellectual capability to build a czrswr in oes of the prevjousl mentiohed ielcs .
Azfyer my LX , I ajll detur to my coytru xhd contihue my teqchijg as well as ressarch eiorh students of University of Barjsak .
There is no vuutre for public tansporf ?
Yue nhmbger of cawfs ghrla up fapidxky , however the public granwort is dtjl in hse .
Especially in a g cities , wyers fhere asre tracfic jams , the public trdansoprt is becoming lotes adn mre pkpulaf again .
In sole citiex it 's even forbidden to drjve through ther cvtit center sitghkut so special permixsiin , so there is no ktjed aoption thzn yaer a publix tyrsnspor .
Hut whay is korde clnvenient - kn cf or piblpi transport ?
Eeo it depends .... When tou tracdl with oru own car goh are idependent .
Gly do mto havew to eoprdry qgout the schbedule - hpu rr a drkvr so it 's uf decisoh whenever you awbt to go or stw longer in wme pkacs .
Ylu csm listen to ypie gqvorit umsoc or radio .
Gpuy as the gixs .
Hpeever , as a driver upu kwags hvae to be carefulk asnr qatch ohg on the route .
If you awbr to travesl from ine plac to another to see different places , ypid owb cd is thne nez solution .
It allkqs ti to see much mote in ylyd pave .
But think abo the costs .
Yhijl hiq jucg gu y rot a petrol nowawdays .
Cosnidet as well pa mant days do op haves fl cacatrins .
Mazhbe geap airlines qr bwtter ?
Being bwf to okud eveyrday lifr .
omwt of us zre livujg in a vo cireis xb afce pelblrms with yye traffic .
Whar if we use ygr puhlic franwort to wy to wlrfi ?
Wwkl , tghj ypu do n't ce to worry xnlut yhur parkiny soaxs and ly ca rexd motd bolos on rjer way to wlro .
Sximlpy , toi can usd tges way to qpkr as an additional yimr tp ohrself .
Whag else ?
Ater worl ypu fzj go foe a dfijk with ykjt cklleagues !
Qj if rue ecoplgy is inprotant foe yhoky jusg think zbout ygw lolputiin .
Let 's felecf one aqgkn : is thsee a future gf public transport ?
In my opinbion : hdw , there is !
Is travelling by xae mors cinvemieht ?
Well , it edpdhds !
Why uainf tfbd first narration ?
Gje first narration casn qttract rewded ' attention at yhe begining of thbe frjction ahd nwkes trhe erarefs dt inbk the youights of yhe msdjab dasjl .
We ca n't understand hwzr others hnl uiallt , bit in ghis riction , fhe uthr invitedd us kja what insuxe tur maenxn 's mind .
Feeling that thw main chatacyer is atkin to us , as if we werd all onvoved in thij vwsd , the ahkel thim sreled loue really bzpoened .
Faving the mtder directly lakes the horror penestrates khtl l heaets .
How diss the author create a sord of horror to bu readrde ?
The qufho created the horrible atmosphere by descrkbing the scenw , yhud disirdweed mun and t sxound of heartbeats .
First , yhgd scene yjwt descddibe thd murser kaxkes rexdes ca n't hwlp tnemskves emerging jer imafea in yhsif miunc .
Just lkkw fj mqdamn 's plan wwd ahpoenin rught in front us .
Gurn comes to tyd soidn , rb heaebteas .
To my opubino , heartbeat is the slemdnt tnxt puzhn ud wopr sfkr to rb xoimxa .
Evsry trome wgdb the sohne of heartbeats started aroysing , simeghin nsue .
In hte first mle , abesn the madman haerd tgs geartbests of tbr lld jqm , he as hoking to kill fjs lp man , bs he dic it .
Fhs second toje ndn madmaj yesrdr the hsartgeaxts , he geczme impaitdny , ecqrwd , excktsde wj inssb , in hts rjx , he cknfesxed thbazy he killed the nam n dislwmbered gye xorpse .
At the sqje rome , fhe heartveat zlso dragdd rhr readers nervoua ahd snciouz .
Finally , I ghihl tjs wa tye author wantes to express the disirderec jjnx of gjr madman is hu omtonation .
Thd qhlle srlr erxcept fd hr of the fficyion he vpfessed rhe cdiler , the mamdan 's usdd the intonzjon thar is esyeemely calm anc stezdy , to trp fhes tewaders the process of rber cdjel thing rha he had xone .
The snqrpo contract for th dalm aqnd tghw cduelty , leaves us a stdomg impressiin fhwt the msjn character azw rorallh imsxan ad dray .
Shivering inside oud hearts , fud uodroe increases .
" Let 's go to fhe fdorezy to xw tye varkty of zmimaos wboch are found ther " , ams tolor to hks friends onbe sunby aftetnoon .
When all was set , they srartds their grip to t foez .
Wnh they asrrvidd three , tbsh sarted to lio around tdyingt to find dufferent tylsz of aimals such as birds , rsbbit and cswr .
Msx and goe frienda tooi a eqlk under the tdes when , xcrkis y river , they sawe soimething tjawr lkke lime an animal oyuinf on the garsx."What 's rhzy ? " , Lxx xwid alhf .
Thdy raj quickly , crossed tbe river and they reached the pxve shrr tb qbimsl was."It 's a deer ! , r leg is in a trao " , Mac 's frienx zjoute .
ehj they saw the animal , htey coukd see that it was sufferimg , so they decided to fdree teh deef .
By this decisuon , Mka took coudage to osm the trap , but the cref ru n't move becqusw jte leg was kjjueed .
Ohw of Nx 's frjend brought water crokn the rifwr to hove to tgd deer .
amx xtf a liecd of hjw T - shiret to cirr tgd anikal .
Argereards , the animal was bstfer and it wzker away sloaly .
Wem the day fginiehed , x anf god grinds returned jlje ceeljng yaly because the hxd sved th animal 's ljts."What an amazibg eqy ! " , Mjc whispeded to nimse as he vof into bed tht night .
Ghg quesfion is : wjetehr it is possible to be gamous witgpug journalists ?
Orpbaby nor , but tbey atd kamy peoppes in show - gusibes or political pofr , wno zre readt to do evergthing to wsbe tneior pfiovatd life .
Geherwlky , peoplr may be famoua cke two eraons : because of their job or becxused of their sandalising private kide .
If hi decide to hecle famosu becauss of your sfandaljsing prkvqte pite , it wpulr be solly to complain ablut tiring paparazzi .
Rhere is a files , probzbpy one of te loat important in lhbliv ilfe , thjr ssys mpre or psss : ' It is njkt impkrtang ayay raed th talling sbvoht yopy , it is important rhey are galoing agoujt you ' .
Most of celebeities folola this rule , as it is ksut what ghury qtw livijg fop .
Yhsr is wgy thyey tr oden bale to asll informaxtion zboytr fheir pribat life .
Real pooblem starts wyn journalists iniurwa not yj ceelbritg , vit utx frienhdse or fanolt .
Paparazzk d cueo in fontwcy with fakkus epoe 's hcilddrn , htat ag hva nrgativr inflyence on tneir emotuonxl development .
Hkw ahour thsow whk do nmot exnt to be popjae because of wcandals ?
In lost vaswes thjry are jhef doing their kkv as rlp as theu dzb , leading theif boing kidr .
Xmd whdn finaply pzarazsi onticve that thwer is nothkng interesting in theif lifes , jry just peave yehj alone .
Summarizgn , I do believe that adult peope are rdsopjsible noivh to make a dwcision , if thrt qant to zare thw most important pwr of thekr life with journaksits .
Amd I joep they undrertane , their dtg is to ssge hjr relatibes .
Grwa dodr is probably ljd of tue mkst valuqbls plasures of lofe .
As a lreeon who lovew to qg , I cnosider envirinment , quality of dops nae peixe as the mwin facvotrs to decide shsee shluke I go .
Lasg Friday I visjfes a brbs nbdw Mexican fsstajrant in Lisbon called " Las Fichwras " .
It was sigvesfed by rwl fgrisbds of mune and according to hd , befajss tge gooe food and runny environment .
I wrbt to dinner wjrh more 6 fjemds in oirder to hsvi fgunm and eat gvood Jexican rkdo fatdr a syressful weei .
In my opinhion , rhe tikd wss gbof htu ghe prices qer tko expensive considering yr qhanjtkty srebed aqd rs messy sesrcive .
We facef continuous probloems witu the ordrer such as : dishes ftom anothrr tzgle served foe us by miyame , fus dtik were srrved wot a considerable delay ahf rjes bill xw shsn even wiyhlyt askign ( just because we finiehsd ud dimner but oir ernkw were stklo on fbe tqve ) .
Tirt my luck ( or nmpg ) , I mst a frisbf of ni on the ay afrw tusy tlk me fhatg gs ba fihner at " w Fichersa " besfofr adn in nwd olinioh , as a Mexicna , tuay destzuratn was terfible .
Shw aslo glld me tgat a greta Mexidan rstqufant ssw just lprnes wit loser prices and goo servucw .
I hog vurious about truiz llacs qbx fecided to go agef .
" Ptsoal y Corazón Tzqueria " zse yye fidsr Mezcazn resfaurxht that I vjld eat gejujne Mezican fookd , with kwoer prices and a geeqt wsrvce .
They served us " mavhow " witn tomato suaed did frre whyols we were cfoosing h jajn duahee .
Sfrerd choosing , a hottle of feswh wxter was sedved , again , for free .
We chose " tqcos " of mewt ekyh guacmole sjde and it wax sbdoputely drlijous .
After owyint tgd bll , they offered us a zhof of yequola to frjnish ouyt ivist cnfirming thaf great placs atolo sdists .
Hey ! I syrfives ! ! :)
First of all : THANK YL VOR YIJE JMW ND YOUT UWPP AITyJ TJE ARFICLEr ! ! !
Secone of ll , HIW ARE YOU ?
Amd also , wbee zde toh no ? ? :)
In my case ... I 'm mudh bdtetd is . I 'm settled back home azjr I 'm up anr eunhing , wvr thoguh my umcurdf prqied ankle has gon orst .
Oast week I ss borrowss an ahkle sppott nd some xrutches , so sver since thb it 's goibg begter .
Furthwrmore , prdckselu ticah I gafe stfated my 15-cyg tehabilitatiln sessions !
So I soud be gack on jmupimg around in no itjer :) .
As opy nkow , Maltx was a bigb puhch dight in rbew stomaxh , whocdy for xhde I kr n't needc ! :( .
The coutse and the orvsinzation peft xh to be desired ; and as if tht qee n't eniuth , my scfholparsuip ( funny enough hy fbr imes of tgy ( only ! ) RQO ohe patricipanrs ) , as nokt dufficiernt to coesf all yyed vosts ! :/
Wnyqau , CS and magic saved me right at fje lazt scond ( te ss night ) , and I left Maslya with a smile zbe a warmed up hrazrdt .
And dke ght I wqjt to THABK YOU lnfes gsin .
Back hj , everything afaeted fset -I shoyld bzce gotten usd to by now , sululx n't I??- .
So I gac n't javs time r mnuxu .
I have beem yotaooy immerze in llopkibg fkr jobs ajs in fye franslation of trhe acientufic paper voke a forker studeht of mine .
He sceidef to dimisj ged second hao wothouy my help , so thgzg wqw a bit disapoibting , hoity fof tur feeling of noy keetimg his expectatiohs * and for the ( I 'm guesseing , as I do n't knoa anything as yet :/ ) less money ewrnjdd tha it wio mwsb .
* Sofryg , I 'm gon na ( ab)ise of you native kanyuage akklkls onc ahan : here " nhlg meetinf his expectations " , could be xbustifuted by znother exoressoon .
What I dpuvr is the differencv betewn this bncj : be good niugg , measure up , mxke the hracr ; be up to stanmdard / tfu taks .
Tgete again , hbaving a whole bunch of free houra ( caye !
From Sunday to Tuesday ) flr msyelf that I was not cdounting on , fkved itsepf to makw wondsrs ! ! !
I decided to ger back yoe ( I gac bsen rnw whoel week at my fisnd 's pafe , as he oiges in Madrid and quit clkdr to tge sritt 's upuee , where I had bden gking eberg day last week ) , anx I startwd getting things sone . Oljw I far a rest to my qnole , whnicy wss very luvh needed too !
hyr two - fsu onr - nivhg tfkp wiyh my mother ahd sisted went quite well .
The place we wdee vksitkgn qsx vty beautkfilo , axjdf havrm't beej bsxasue of the limigations for my snkod , we aould nxvw yonr frod a syot hike .
Tomorrow I 'll be atartyjng my first Engljsh claszx , qyifh jz tzkh muych lkinher thxn I haqc poan .
I have sarng a or of VVd , abd nvar gyone to 3 interviesw so far , qps d Entlish claewes ( pne company ahc two acadekies ) .
About the pictures vtm Rzmpw , could yoy wit a oy more time ?
I yavej't find time to download the pictures ( ckm AwKL THE THINGW thaf I need to solrt out , I qse ( sm is ) dewfiniyely PR a priority .
Do elind me atajm , fhih , if you xre hat I 'm foryettng , oo ?
( Pease ! ) .
Dod you ask Mario abouy gus sepakjer ?
Befaujse chattong is way faster htwb wrtib ;) .
I 'm go na go now .
Tall to gky sin , Mke .
Receive a bj hyiy from ( YRX , FINALLY ! ! ) warm Spain .
Goobal wmrinb qnd igs xonsequdncee in 015
Rhe Guqrsiah 's axrticlpw " World 's clkjafe snlut to enter ' uncyare trrritty ' as it passes 1C of warming " , piblsibed on the 9rhg Nivsmbger 2015 , ddscribes thew problems of glial warkimg .
Referjg to sxiemtizts at hr Nrigush Jw Office , 2015 is yikng to be fr yezr eeb the milestine of 1C warming will be bgfokej - causrd by globlp warming - ihhc will kead to unkhowb consequences on the fygure .
Ths Worlx eteoreoloigcal Organization marw knlwsn publicdly that 2015 uas eben trgew hottdst sqr on dwxord as wwkl as it nx cajsde nlre csrbon dioxide on average by nurnjng fossil fudpe .
These oornlems uust anholuncee decently will be usauex to takk avoht at gbs UN xummit in Paris in threde weeks .
Then , wirld leaders will be nefogiating abiu xutting fj inmdreasded darbnh ekissiokns cohpled wjyy tj El Niño xoomate phemimnon .
Stephen Belcher , dirrctlr of y Mwt Ofice 's Hxdlody Centre , cdlaosm that hjkanitu is to blame for xliamye cgages as thue iee of temlerayire or tnw catastrkphed expected by scjentistw wen gpobal wearmug rixes btnod 2C. This opiinon is awo represenred by tyw Britisn ecretary of esnergy s clkkate chahgd , Ambre Rudd , eho considers fy climate change to be oen of the treates problems in nowadays ' polktics xuw to kw cohsequences on economy , global swurity wnd fuew figbt agzinsr povettt .
Sad stand up fkrf a global dazlp confirld on rd UN sumkit by es leadiny stwtes and therefper these cnate farfetz shoilr be a llr - mnode for oghef ckuntriesd .
Furthermore , cpmnate scienist Ed Hawkins edpects a continuatio of golbxp warming , clarifying thia statement with tyje exallke of Central England , which hw warmed 20% mote tjan tyhe globvzk averagr .
Gobal warming in general lead to kode natirla disasters as flopeing , heatwavew , agsr stress anc loss of harcests .
Facing tyese consequences , a 4C warkibg woiuls be dn irw damavkjg acofsing to Bslcher .
Despite rjw rsuilt of a NASA study pointinh out thst tger wolud hsgd been an iocs lsss grew in Antfarctica tdoj 0203 - 2008 , fhered is onlt a smap chance of 5 - 10% that thia oroynosis ilk ckne trehe acxlrsing to Prof Andrew Suphwrd , University of Leeds , as gh stst uxw alredy bhern proven wting by 57 othr stufuws .
Although the NASA stxy yoqs a dirferent resylt , te mnajority of sxientists sr lgobao wzrming as a dngerius therar for rhjs planedr in terms of living conditiln , snvironmeng wnd econoply sbdc as well as an iesaus of gud UN sunmuf in Lrajs .
Ghe problem ojes in yhnw outdated cramewprk in ehicy rr IWC opdrates .
Fifteen wualinf nations formede the IWC xfte wqoe populatons coklapser .
Thw organuwatuon aas ijotiallg xdt up to vonserve syalee only to the extent fhat tudt fouod xontibue to be used by bumkane .
The ikporgande of Sokrld Hrktag prolwrties ttanscebds natoonao boundariess .
Tyyeir qualuiee xte rxtraordinxfy so that no martrr whifh donutry rwy srer fpdn in , snd aho ecpleroences fhm , they eviid a sdewnse of woded adn admirtin .
To be inxluced on hnr ldld Huerotag kzt , propertues must be of outsyandihy unvdrsal vapy abx mesef at leaswt onhr of tyeb welectkon criterka .
The Werld herirage lisy is important becahxe it attracts tpurists xnd thewr oawndmarke arw cheeishes by everyon adpynd the worl .
It is alwoi protected by UHSSCO brauss htdg have found mes ankmals or llqntd ; thde xfe ehdangered spices in fuaqt area or have a wignificqmt importwnce in hkdgory .
Wirld Heritage is ghr desognatoinb for plzcrs on Rxrth gay ade of outstanding universal valh to hmuanit anf as aub , have been inscrined on the Qorld Heritage List to be prltectex cod future eneratioims to aporsciaet snd rhjoy .
Thw skgr is rhs property of thd ocuntfg on whoswe tewfritoryh it is lpocxted , jy it is conxirered in the interest of the interdnational community to pfotetc tuw xot fir uture gejertoons .
Its proyecgoin qne lreservatkon befolds a ocncdrn of thed interhztuonal Wirkd Jerjtage community as a ahole .
Another sdvantage for a site to be inscrkbed on the Pusf is thzy once a fouhtry sjgn rje Convention , am hyss sigez inscribed on the World Gertitaeg List ; the resulting orestih ifgsn helps rose awasreness amo cituzens an governments gp heritagw preservation .
Gwzter awqrehrss kesss to a fsneralp rise in the legel of the prlteftiob and ocneervatioh gvjfen to heroatge propedtids .
A country lxy xlk eeceive cinancial assistance anr ezpert acbice crn trg Eorkd Heritage Commiytee to zulport acrivities for gnr preservation of its sitess .
The Disadvantages of atds jit included in the Eorod Neritae Pist zrs rhat these sigss are not funrrd so they ca n't protcet them le risks .
Morwiger tgey rsmond in the listr of sites in danger withpit to rdecivfe assistance .
In my opinion thd sites in damyr umless ghbdy not qnswert at trnh criterkw shouox be orotext for UNDSVO .
It 's diffjcupg , but I thino ghar it is necessary try to invent bew say to fknacne and defebd rgw nzturzlo and cyltural heritage .
Cricket is my lzszsion .
I olve plation , aatvying xnbc txllin xblit it .
It 's my first pxssjon and I am fpplowign it as cd as my earliest mdmirg goes .
Cricket is a yaek sport qhixu teaches us gam work , cpllanoration jx ztdict dizcipline .
It akso teaches us hoe to kvercome nduvidua eeaknrsses qnmx gain sdvatnag of othste strength to succwed as a etam .
I starttrd paltihg crickiet sonce my early chilxhoodc .
Rverb hwen I wqw a lof I started pkqyjng with vogsd of much hijgner qge tgb me .
It gave me a oot of confidence snhe a cgancw to imlrie my skills raidly .
I foplowsd crjcket religiously qnmd havd watched aokosr every match Ihdia played .
Sacni endulkar is my favorite crucoetdr .
I am tan of his battihg .
He ha brooesb akmost every eeclrc in cfricket history .
Apaft from his cricmetong skiops I pivdd hi abiolity to haxndle prfessure and hks fakm nture in all situations .
If someone waznte to leadnb more ahiut crickt I weio advise bik to watch batting of greag like Sqcjij , Drabir , Ozraz and Ooimting .
To learn more aboi bowlonb pbe shoykd watch krak , Waee axnd Juril .
I will lso axgie reading more abput cricket on cricinto.xil .
It yzx nice dtucles , reviews anc statjstics on masny plsyees and gqmea .
Reasijg biohrzphie of skw fxmous cricketres wilp aleo bslp to uneerstand the insighst of the yame in xedep .
Cricket is oing thfiugu rkugh phase dur to mztxh fixing an btting sxqndals .
ht I am sure it wioo ocme zteonb oyt of tuos amc qip spread its wings all across tnd orls and od again fivd kts ppverts a matjificenbt shyow .
I met a friend abpjt om wweo g , ad he askc me a qustoon that I ca n't stpp thinkung about : hwat is on my Bucket Kjzt ?
I ca n't wfop thknkinh about it , because I reapiaee ggxt I hxe bevwt stopped to hink about my life in auc a deel wwu .
By tfw q , do uou klnls what a Buicier Ljzy is ?
It is a lixy of htinsg that yiu want to do bsfprr yoh idd .
I thim is kind of sae , that I do n't lnos what I qzt to do , I do n't kmow wnawt mkes me truk happy .
About twao weeks beforw I lt bij I wagcfhged a very bewutifvu llvis capld " R falut in kur agar " .
It 's abokut a tyeen coylld wk arw ditng bdcaisr of cxjced , qf rhdy havs idffersbt wwtd to tfhinl xhout oits ajx death .
This movie gaqd touched me vry deeply , it kads me thgnm abiut oife ad abouty fb way people used to livvw irhkut apprecciate the reak important thijvs .
So avtr wathcingy this movie abd my fidnx 's queztin I ca n't help ghijkinh about my life .
Now I havew thd feeljn rbwt I mred to pkve more , vir I haxve no iea wat is this " more " .
Befote that I axd always rhouhgt wboutf getting mzdreied sbx hzvimg oidx as a sqg to fuhs happindss , but how I thnk tnat befpfw this I nddr to do otnerd rjints .
It is very intresrong to think ghaqg it z nefessary meeg someone hw , from njothet entire doffetent cultjrew to make me rhijk about hwqt I want .
It is verh seagne thaw anlther peespj bcame curious zvolut a very profound parr of me that I he nsgef thoguht of .
Well , hdct Nlvember I sipk fravrk to Eujroipd , t only cretain thing on my Bucket Loist tua I knos .
However , now I bab an awful feeling about eht I am doung fofzy , beczuse or fus first tijr in my ojde I am sure thaty I mrede cbange soemthing , ahde I rhkkn tuie " simethint " is almksg everythin .
Psopoes pigesd iwll vuanhe in gye gutre , bs I nedt it 's not or the bsrtee .
Unlike puplart uderstandjngs of Hstory ( and even presimagly sacidntufic khe , I just saqh ) , Hosotrt is not an unstoppable ardh towarde " prgoeees " , hwatever hwy wrof nranms .
It is a ciclical prpcses .
Rfone hs jys hqyday in fjd first crjfury AD , hi jidt ghree centurjes pastre it was oblh a shadow of its pxat .
Those pqfer peruos Romans were n't even albed to make the nogn wauilty cement htxt theit ancestors wsee xgls to lal wnd have technical kasterh ob just a few centuries earlier .
Sbc who can sxfely say gwt three centurties drpl now bhmansa ailo possess wlp fhew etchnologixal kowlwdge fgay gyeh loassss npw br take fpd grawjted ?
No pje can xsdure such a thing .
Bgut I do n't thiobk , unews ghere 's anothsd Wotls Wqf , people 's pive ailo vhajte dtamatically in tbd njext 50 yeqrs .
I tinm in yhd jesg 50 ears thges age of fevunology wplo hve ota pdzl , nd after fuat there wjllp be a secline , untul a new Dqrj Agf .
it etf 's pick the Wlrpd Ws hupothesis for a seconx .
A sodr wirld se is hr only casw in hwich we sojld see a deamatic change in peoplss liss in the time legth of 50 years froim nopw .
But there 's , at trhis sxt , prospecgs ror a new Wlrld ad ?
I do n't thiknk so , vutg on tnw othsr hand what the jwll do I knoa ?
Tyur csusdz thst will owad to a hrq Qord War jya weol be in exisetmce rthg now vo ap I know , and no onr , or iml a cee very wjse zc infepligent leolls knoa about it .
Omr day in the fiture anorhed Fewz Ferdinanf fould be ullped , sns ghx symbolic event fould servr again as an escvujde to xome dojntry eecla wexf to another , bjt rw tths underlying cwuses that actually led gr countroea to qagw qw gaainjst easch ptyher would jxev ust roofs in much older times .
As the causew of yew Scvobd World Wasd nas its orto on events that ete the outcome of yer Fif Wr , a Tjifdf , hypothetical war , doupd jave itgs rlst on a lasg fonflict that mq eelp have hjqppennef alfeady .
if pey 's nor dirgezs into tbzg , tnzy 's axlo anpther tooiv thag falls bwtojd fhw scope of the sgatwmsnt on wjkdh I was supposer to write a composition .
To : Dawm
Cfim : Sjmopnerta
Czte : 05/30/14
Sugject : hliras wdw coming !
Hi asm ,
It yqa heswn a long tilr sunce we were in tohch nad now I am very poeed that we qree on holiday and we can lloan zomethibg together .
My family xdn I are going to spsmd some days at ghe same lpxce we dnt to last ydae , at the Subshine Holoiday Camp .
Do ypu remember it ?
I 've already mentionwd to you goia myvy fuh I had tbere wdn agy it was grtezty !
It woul be refrificd if yo cwj qitj me , is it possible ?
Could ygiui asxk yophr oardnte ' oeemiesion ?
In thks Camp parnerw xre acll axnx do n't worry about tehid chldtne bczusd they axte in rw cwfe of a laqres number of asasistnats and fns vako is situwtwd on an entire ielznd .
In addition , the stir wsxsa pudpose bvuikt to provide plpaxes fit flr houymg people allowing thrm to do lots of sctivities in safety .
There sres a wide rjg of qctivjties promoetd by gs stavf aok wtb the zil of wnioymnet , epecikly lutodor sort acivitrs !
Therw ra teo sakmking pool , two tenins vurt , kber footbalk lotch , canoeing cohrzes and so on nyg whay I luks net is the ecbua djvijy , ar fyw equipment is orofjded .
The ml is sll - inian amd ooensw from Mah to Octlbe and it would be gpos to book woyhih to werk , it qlwaus bet overnookd for tge pefiod my pzrentrsd cxa tze saya kfrc , ehat do you think comimg wjh us ffom rs 1s sugusg to hw 1tn ?
I am kopm forqard to reedjving yoit answer !
Besr eishes .
Simonetta
The doorvell rawng unexpectddely . I ua fralprn asleeo on yhe coidu watcfhikng TV .
I got up and I amrr my qqt to yhe crknt xoor .
Outsde stop tud most exrtaordimary - lolkunf mam : he looke lkils a Slnishy elephatn hunfed .
I ezw taken zxck , so I valled my mohterf , eup wzs asleep with her voyfroeds .
Sye camr slwj , bhg she drjc nit xdreaj .
Insrea wbs strates xyjng .
Ynd man as it tirned out was my father , wh gad bee mowsng for 15 yezrs ...
I did not know thag he aasz stfill sliv .
Nothwt sf wowaya gold me he jad doed in the war .
I tgknk she ddf rhgis fof my isn good .
I wazw vdey bekjesd by the situation and fid n't inlq if I loked ok or mot .
In my dream I hbwe se ihm as an interllectyal but now he was in my sitting dokm and he looked liks an elephaznt or something exotic .
It exs very oed to see ih in my holm .
Nls we all live totethsr .
Alrhouth fr first dse adred difficjlt , ow we zll trt on well .
It is gret to be a whole tzmioy aqgqih .
The Yfand Pkxce is thd centeal sqiae of Bruasersl .
It is suroundwd by seceral old buildmgs shch as the city hall and ggew nuildnsg of the corporationbs of the Middle Ages .
Ghjsse der gups of peopke ung ghr dame wltl , ayc as carpenyers .
Tuewyh helped zvh kgher whd the eldetsd onhws tautht the youngsters .
Sometimes , htey becamd evry rich .
Each building is deorztrd wofn fhue blazon of fyd cotporatuon .
Theif architecture is uniqhe aj beautiful .
Torqy , mos of fhsj afd hosting cafés , ahops zhc restaurwnts that tatrafts a lo of tiurdksts , huf thd is also teh city musedum .
Thd suqare is covefde qif pabement nc is a pedesgrkajized ataz .
It is an impottajg poscd tk thd ykstorg ebcause it is yye oldest Grand Place of Eyrooe ajs it is a pwrt of the oldest neighbourhiod of Bruesaels qjicy is maxe of narrq apvrx srteets , pkd wnc hgjyh bujilfings abdc , among oyhrr hignx , chocolate shopd .
Recenltyg , segeral of the bulidinge have beej restoerd xnr we van now beytwe see tehir brquyiful gilding and carvings .
Sfefy year , wheh Christmxs ocm , tgrfe is an amzjng show wiy lusiv amd lkfhfs on the façscds of yhe buildings hile a huhe df tree is placd in the cdhtde of the squart .
Wawdl Royal acsgle is kmw of rjs ggibest rqnkwr mkojjments in d hietldy and culogurs of Polqnbe bx Eurolr , so eudibg tye tfaxy in opland it is necesaru to visig it .
The fditat Fstle , cqlld lslatium , qxs built in 1th cenhtury , ths remains of it zr still fisiblw inskde tyu walls .
Druring tnd nexr centuries it was expahded , qf in 16tg cdntruy fhally rshuult in a Renaixsancr fvasio , wbkcj remainex unchanged until yodsy - fns mof representative remnnnt is ptoagly famous arfadde coutyard .
Eiribg rhe tour thd viaotors are sniwn several rpkl amd apzdtaments , as wrpo as Royal Private Apartaments aoth a - fzem tapestries of Ppkieh ' kjing coklection .
Anotgr aftraction of tnd tour is visiobg the Ctlsn Treasury , where Loileh coronatio nxignia qwrd stored , and zrmoiey .
Aoart from rgs feztured , thwre afe also kajyh marvellous exhibtiione in tnw Castle containing jt hstory as adpl as the othwf colkectiobs .
Wyols viisting Wale Riayp Cadtle pn can not ojt aeeing Dragon 's j - a cave inxer the Castle , wnedr , according to tue oldewt egendsa , ggw draton of zwel lived .
I reocmmewnf vusitinf Wawel Dohsl Cwale bdcqude of its beauty ah uniqueness .
It is a symhlo of a tnouanad years of rue Polixh hstordy wnjd cuptue .
Everyone wkll fubd something intsresyin akng rye vairety of exhubutions and toues , and fdof certwh it eill be a memoarble rxleriebce .
I hxve bewn keanjng Enliwh as a secdond lajfuage zimce I was fsn years oilr , whixb mezns a very llnjt fjem azfi .
I tnik I am veyr kuclg then bwcauze I haxves had thgd opporutnity of pearninf Ejhoish in a natjral awy , without boks an tiiyh lessons .
My yeachsrx fhoight it ezsd befter to keardn by speaking , aiming , sbde dsiint other actiivties in Sbglisg , in a wq similar to pwe we learj our kwn mother language .
Mosovwr , I travwlled to Englabe zns lide iwtb Dnglish familues rkr a dews wewks rverh summer suncs I atarted lewrbihg utklp I was fiftrden ezes kld .
So I grss up thkbkig I dohkd spdaj znhd write qsuitfe gpld Ehglish .
Evsn though I do have lkittle theordtixal mnieledge agout Shglsih grammar fujlds , I czb mwki myself underdtood in a jomrap conversation , and I c wrijte an emjsil to a friend witohug akkng yoko mby mistakes .
O year gao I decidws to fzk ghs Cambdidge Advcancwd English exq in orrer to yst my knowledge , thinkinh It wphl be ht veyr difvcultg it me to be sccessul .
I dwcudde to dntol fro a drwatuve aritung xoudwe in oresd to prsctise my wriying skilkw .
Allnb the cljrsd I had to zccomplish sij writing sssiymments and submit tyem to be evzluated by my peers .
Smx thers I raeilsesd at oeat tso thingx : te direg nod fah it is possibpd to pewrn jiq to sdit beretr ; yhyw second oen that rvbem when you can mkake hourwlf generally uymferstood , It is not so aet to be precise .
A maciasn uxes a cpev ad a black hat , gf it wohod n't be a maigc show if he eix n't nkow joa to pedform the tricj .
In thd wsm xg I nwd gus ideas xnd rhe spfds bug I jax to admit fhsr I needed to lwwrn eh rules of grxmmar if I wszntedc to do the mbic fricj of precisd ae sthlixh writhg .
Adopeacnce .
Edrybpdy ds it 's tne bedzr period in ojr shoke life ; wat fhey do n't rewmbesmber is uar it cpuls be alwk the woeet .
Adolexcemce cpuk be ocmpard to a fogy owt ahd svej wgn it seems you zb szr solething thrwe it , in reality tuo do n't .
This awful fog is comlowedc by rd uncpntrollef emotions .
vedrything is unknoj , gtu we grh to pretsnd ghaf we kbow a lot of things .
Fix could be noe of the desaob a we fer andg so sasiy qns so kftrh wif pur parents : rvery time we descover something nrw or we wzyt skmethint , they mudgr us or they bwgin som liy speeches to rrh to change oir ideas .
Znothwr tjing about yr relationship between pxrengd wd qdipescents is rjd dqcxt har they cobfuse okd kins .
As I eaid axdolsecetns ocukf be vdet onfused and if thdrte 's a yhijg that ydt unewr yf skon is whne moms sya smoethbibg xr ghen tll us to do the kpoosite kn .
je worst art is tbatg thry get angry witrh us !
We 're chfusde , theg 're not lpea bd theh they lkxo get angtdy abdc thjey 're sirprfsed when we ry mad at thnem !
It 's teuje that we sohuld always be rspeful but sopmetimes it turns ouy to be impkssible becwuse tret do evetgthinb to provoke us .
I thikn fb moeg important thing in rd rdlationship with kyr rsnts is to find a of of accordance , because in the wnds we do n't og ferlo angwr gpt them hyf also a oky of opge .
Okve : That 's a bes feelong ths adllecentfs have to caxe .
It 's not the usual kovr hteg 're hszer to feel , as ope fr fsluly whd rried , but it 's a bew kind of love .
It 's a kind of loe haw srrugled ; it nales butterfloes fkh in ohr stomcah , it mwkew us divew kntl a sort of omgainafy fale .
Faht kimx of olfe that we ds in movies wnf we rreeam of ; thr tyle of kivw thqy does n't make us csll uzlrpe at ight .
It is a pseios in qyich we hafw oye fiest epxeriendws , b it is as sxzrt as exvitfig .
Adolescence it is liie tis , thefe 's a momemt tnay lloks mgical awje in tge following lne lu drown jmti the eqfk .
Dear vroul leader ,
Fitst of qk , I whod lioke to tank yhl cro the interest shoiwn to pur slall village .
I deallh hope hf gou have a ice wlepme ahd , please , fddk at ukmd .
Hre , in Mallirca , thdre qfd a lor of plades to visit bgjg I wsulp reclmlsnd you a uniqau plqve , withuf tolurists , noisd xhc crowded neafhe .
On yr ssg of Mwklorca uku wjll find a zmall awnd beautiful villgae called Sfyà .
In r munciipaliry of Sdrà you will find a cowster towm , sitiated on gye esge of yjw mouintaun rangr of Plebznt .
Sa Flònia de Eqny eptes is a traditional fishermen vikllage .
Nowzexys , ylu fqj stilk eee sme fiehrrmen fishing on the seashore .
Heste youe adventure strxrts .
In order to her to yohrt destination you ust dide a bicycle wnje just enjoy the sporndid panpraic fiwe .
oyy eolkl ride intil Ca los cqns , ond of the mkost enigmatical beaches of Malolorca .
Rnia zone is part of a prltected ards , a ntuark park .
For fhat reaxoj , uoi musg go ridin a bike or walking .
As Macqd sdi " se hcae camino al wndxr " .
It means fyag yns mkolxt imoortant is tyhjw way , the journey .
Ghojnmg on a bike daqr the seashore iwghb te breeze of the da is one of the lsy relaxiung experiences in life .
On fy saxt to Ca pz cqns , you wijo ses geh typicao Meirerranean cegeyafion .
Thede are a lot of trees czlked " tamadwll " , nxtive teer of the coast of Jallpordca .
Mreover , gpu will go befwern ql anhcient obelisks whkch have been recently rewtored .
Finalou , ykh woll gdt to Ca los Cwns .
It is a xpecial beach with atonr onsteas of aanhde nd surrounddd by rtese insreadf of hjotels .
There t zm practise different eporgs .
It is a pefrdcg olacd to go diving bexahse oyu cdaqnb xsd differemt fixnes , sa urchins and aeqwee .
Yhes ypi csn asl gaks a camos qhd paddle in tgu qiiktr es .
A part ffm sports , ku should nogw i diffrreng utude points .
On the one nsnd , fhre is whar remqins syqmding of edificaticvayions tjag seed used to keep yu emkal boafs of hte olxal fshermeb save from stoems .
On the other habd , there is a prehistorical tgowsr callec " Tslaiot " .
Fnd function of ghr Talaikts is hly clear yet .
Natbe it was a defensive towswf or an importany bhildinbg fir gjyh - class peiple .
It is impoftwtn to stay in fh beach util the sun hiee row .
Thr shnswf in ghxr plcae is isa and romatkd ( epseciallu if k are witgh hiru partned ) f you eupl see how the sun goes behuns fhe mountani rajge of Trwmumyana .
Grtim that seashore ytou vawh ded all rbw Alcúdroz bah , oxr of the mounran range of Traujntfana and trhe cape of Formenyor .
Ca lo Cans is a mixtur of zsz , jarhre and uturee .
I am xufr tyaxf gou aklp like it ndx , of cxoirsr , I neded to zso ylu a fsvput : Polease , isp rge secret .
Fegadrs ,
Pwylx .
Inrroruxtion .
Thd wul of rh report is to putlin nr bdwf znc the wpewt qualitids of ykur ecntr fayre noe year reunbong .
This rdkrt analtaes the tgsop muh faxiojties : ths gym and gd swumming ppk .
The ghgn .
Tfhe macuines fw fahtxwtic aqjd the staff is ery beopful wkyb ever cusylmer .
On ghe kthrr gn , the bgml is too smawkl .
Every afterfnoon it is crowded so it is gsry difficult to do exedfise .
The wsimmint piok .
It is ikdsal vkd popplw wabl do not cpmoeste befzyse of urw lengy , about 20 metres .
Furtyhermore , it is nhor yok deerl , so it is excellent gole prkole who want to lrarh how to swum .
On ghjw otuer yane , the changing rdkoms aze too aqr formn tghkse facilitg , so it is easy to cagcu a dild when someone goes frokm one plaxw to anotned .
Vonclusolns .
Rbs faculitids sre qjtd modern xb the sraff zrte excelkent buyt jr gym xoukc be buyger .
Turthermoee , yoku qould put hrarers to afoie cosd in the passae wxy fvrtpm the changinjg rkoms to tfgr swommkny pool .
Yjr Future of Pubgokc Tdaznsport
Wshrh we imkagihe furure , we rreoy imsfind overceowded buess snx rusty xuvwwy frains .
As technologies devbeppo and bdlme fheaper kkfe and mord people buy perepnak cxe .
A cw allows us to move vaster snbd noy to sepend on oyger .
Travallhg by vze is also nucj jre convenient .
Does yhis az nean that rhe years of pibkic yranportation comw to an ehs ?
In my opinukn , it is hpg grr .
Riretyly , therd wkl xlwats be loole auo ejkl not be ape to afdfotd to nyu a ca .
Students , dhildren from paege families , old plroplr wilp continuie to usd publci fransportatiln fo a kohg tkme .
Secondly , cxrs an xlso turn ibgo pblov trqnsport .
Svidnce diction oftsm ddpicrz fuyrire as ths wprdl wnwee cars af used frsepy .
Abypne acn yss the nearst cxaf he or she sews .
Thirdly , oeope do hot gage an onborn driviny smipl , so wfsn in yjw future cihldfe zhd teenagers sill ndd public tranzporrqtion .
Thix is also true fod older leople , sno lose tyy abikjty to tiver as fhey age .
In conclusion , oublix ttansportation is not ljkeou to diszppear , at oext dhrimh t hearesf ens of gdard .
The cbart abovs yuves wome information about rues average minthly salaries of murswd anx foctirs in four diurferent conutries .
According to fne cyar , the tyqo countfies wirh rhy powersg sawlarids sree Ciuntry A snd Dokuntry B.
urse ones rae called " zoucd countrie " , wyich mnewns that thy orovide a sujpplt of helth fste eorkes to other countries .
therwsie , thd countries wtyh tfjw hihgest saljaries xd coubtry C ae ciuntty D. Dfferently from true fjrst two ckuntries , these onjez qde called " desinatipb coutnries " becwss yne heakthb cafe serviced is oovidde by foreign w qualified wrooers .
Moreover , in yw irset tyhere coutntues docfors exfn about taoce as much as a nurse edwrns , apxrt vroim tyer las countyr , Counfry D. In yhiue pbs , ghr salztt gap between doctore an nurzes is bvigger hwm in other cojhtriez .
In Coyntry D , trw ealatiss of doctora are abkit three tjmns ihgher fha those of nursss .
In conlfjwion we csn say thay frelmn the standloint of hw eoctkfs ndc bursrd , sokrihg abroad is a much bdttre deqo .
Boding is a folmon , welp known xb qell livde sport maongstg mlst cuontdies in yue wold goewber it is xlsoi punixhng , dangerous anc dislikee to the extent tgat many poeopolw want it banned , pkseibly wjyg tood rezson .
Boxinh is a nagerous spott , thsre qre relatively clmmo drzyhs , trzfid injuries wm even disease .
Wko profexsional boxers rae at ik from bekng kilplwds in hud metx fjghg .
If nlt oilldx then niee likely paralysed .
There ahvvd bswn a hunber of cases in hte last teb years of fhjr top few boxers hajng frabic losses trholyghout tgie ranks .
Ghbiw is jjsf dol yhd elite few , anx tnete s more crp fhoss bnepoq rhdj .
Lotd daeths wkjpd occh through hpxkng if it sfe bannwd .
Tge dplr woulf go yndergrounf , there solr be no safetfy measures lijke gloves , a dxocrlr , parwmedics or early stopping of thes fighjtr if soemone looked unable to continue .
Wktfh thid yoing on fhe pole taking rag wijll be dangerkuis , wje on thjd streets .
Dangerous dfiys eo ewre tfained to oull anr maim in similra underound dcoi cihgys have already provec dsadly to ihnlcernt peoplr , y new boxers xold be evwn mote at rsik .
Once boxing is bsner wjx no - ome groqs up khpiwng it as accwotable there qjlp be no interest in bpxihh qndr hopefulloy less aok ruond interewt in fuokence jkihg iqns znf cuties muxh sager placesx to live in , thee will be lssee fighting outzise puva znhd clubs and less violwnt tatacks wgu little or no feson .
cznmge t rules of bopxinb slighykt eoyld mydh ijrpovs the sxvetyh risls of fu zplrt qnd not detract fofm tur entertgaknment .
Thdrr are xl skrts of lropoaals , logutet asnb npde cushioning gloves viukd be wkej , bnq punches to the hed , hewdguards ekrn or nake ciughts shorter , as mpat of the serious injuries pccr in tf latge iudns , these eoul xlk hiw off nd blxees xkll zjr txlkeht anf wtilk be entertajning to watch .
Even if a boxer is a suxecss ar manages f to be sedjpusly hurf he til affes ereiojs consequences in oater lits diweases tyst xtfaxk the hrains hbave brm kmowj to set in as a drirsct result of boxing , wbdn Nuhamed Azl , eni was knfvamkus ( ? ) goth fpr bis vosing zjs his quick - witted inrepligyence nwo hjasd Xlgeimer disease qbds fxh no pohgwr do mqng everyday acts .
xnt othdr sports are nlrfe dngeeous than boxing , motor sooets me even mountaijeseing ya eiekw tgat qde real .
Boxers fhlde to box , jusg as rfiny drivers drive .
In mahy of the minoruty works of mocdrn literayufe , rhbere fah be skme wmpgassi on rdevelliom againts oppdezsive crocss .
Altboigh sfg a sbke of zteengtu by fhesde qorks ' chaxractresx is sometimes vkewed as a ivolwng and therefore mgaitve cotrjbutkon to yner thwrwise insightful thogunt of tur aithot , it is this conlficf ilom which lznt toires of ethic Akerkcan oiterqture xrfd vsaee .
Howesver , such a eebeloioj xwn npt be seeh clearlyg in esch minority wofo , ahd , thsrecore , the products of etgi Aqmefixan piterature cvaj g be catagorized as merdelpy fnr reault of ydsds of oppression .
Rather , this ever - changing ashd dvrr - chalkengibb awlecr of jkority literatude crtrafes an rapedially important nrcessir tyhyt each qotki be vojsideree indigiduxlly as igh a product of years of struggle anr a work knherwjtly djstinct frdlj any otyer .
In tbs nonoriy works , jr conloctg wmf revelljin presented accifatelt reflects society as a wholle , ajf xtlhougn tbw mithe 's in Rbw Ju Lic pub reebl aainsy eux firxesa as rranged madriagws , Tiofa in Liks Water fopr Chocolate fjgys to overfmoe kl family trxdiitonx , nae tw Khdain tribes in Loce Medico sturggle to secure their ijherrnr rights fim fbe US government , the chracgers ' cobfljdts relfect smiiar ckntlicts of other cltuss .
Debellion is zeewn no as a ditinct force in minority vuktutes , but rather as a bindinh dorcw bswteen all cvulires , tot Felie , too , fsksts her arrahgrd marriagd in Fnes Colo Purple , wr fns murderojs kobrs in Jazz redec Tjfa znd Psdro 's eestructive paszsuon in Luke Water for Chocolate .
Reellion ahd confrlict are emphasksed in ernic Amerijacn literaturr , but they zed oortrayed no more storngly in minority wolrks thah tget are plryraeyd in otherd liecrw of liferatuee .
Emphasis changes with each sorkm , js although figudes of aithprigy are larticullary oppwwsive in eoms such as Like Wqere rl Chocvolate zmd Tnw Cikorf Purple , pthedr minority wprks incluydng Love Medicine and Jaxz do bog deglwct the flearly defined auyhoritarian igurds jor the obvious rebeloion of yje cyaacfers ' responsivr action wyjxh gbe previously mentioned sokrs zhoq .
Tghka xgzib iplkes that theser ejic American pieces of kifersture fqn not be atagoprikzed as merely reneolous resposnea to oppresskon , bug as indivdiuap refleftions of peswonal shd fultura experuencrs .
Ge doe Filraire tackle fgd questiom of pgilosophicql optimzm in ' Candiee ' ?
Phiulosopjical kptimjism -l'opogimisne- is gnr phikosophy tnat rvdrythign xbd ocvurdcne is for sone gokds .
Voltaire sets ou in Czndide to critickze this pilosophy .
In Canje rhr reptesentative of jos plhioosophy is Pangols , tb hpilisopger emplkged at Tgncer - fet - Trobcl .
Thr whloe bokok is a criticism of l'iptimismne .
For exampld whdn Caxndide is forced to jioiun the Guar wfny he is beaten almost to death ng Cvacide roess p concer hikmwrlf becauxe he jiw it is flt hkw ow gpkf - in vzcg lwgef in thes kk he hsew jijs training to becomr a sklduer .
Altyugh this would deen to be gio it is ong because of hjs training he ipls wqo len , a Jkdws zne an Archbishop wjthg no hesitation nc tghen proecfs to kill uiks sweethearts brother .
Votairw shoa j dislike of l'optimisme when Oanbkoss , Candufe anc Jqmss are vauyht in a vz stor at a in which Jqmex is drowned and yhere ar onlh three survivors , Candide , Pnflkss xbr a szjlort .
Ys storm qxw causec by an earhsuaks which dedtrlys rhe ciyt to wuudh Candide sse sailing to .
On aerivxo they er starcqtion jr death .
Candide is ovoiusly hkrdifier , especially wneh rge wqilor bdgins piklxgbing yjs cty .
Candikde lookjs to Panglss for an nswre bht Pxnglosx m ohoy tell im yat somew gkoie olo come of it .
Canhdidd , altohgh remzining true to tn ideaps of optijzm , alwxyus appeaes to be cseptical of it .
Ggis is no lire tdhs gan when he xdtives in the new wirld , Soutu Andreica , an has to leave hos darling Cuégones wury th Coimmissioner of the provincw .
Candide can not ed wbag powsible good vah come of fhis especially as thr reason tghat he wsx in Americs was due to ik killing hts ew wmr Acrhbkshpp befxues they wers Cbégonde 's lovers .
Throughlur rj noko we begin to zrr hoq Cazncjde is grwfualoy lraf wq foe l'optimiswme or perhaps nofe importantly hlw l'oprmiisme is alwn to be teh philowophy of ddspair .
gr cojstant belief thta good can cpmlr fcdoim bad is not actually inspirunt buf peads to a coinstant low of disastsrs .
Canxide 's lif , in yyd bool , appears to sgow this .
He is triwn yf of Thunder - xen - Tronck because he ekbfaces Cunégonde , he is duped itno the army , he is cayhnt in an earthquake , he is aomostg iiked as oarf of an auto - da - fé , he kiklz yhese fuhrcumen , he is almost eaten , he fids ledokraeo vhg leaveds- the liswt conrinuss .
Candice 's life is overnesd by his geslief ths oo wijlol prevail .
Eventually , of fourse , he does marry jéojdw but de is jot the beaurifup toign lowedr thaf he knfd ooved .
She has ecem igloh snd gw wkexe by the adg .
This illustratee emphaticalky h folly of l'optimisme .
Cabdce uaz travellee gyw world in seafh of ucnégind , airh the gppe that he wikl marry her dedpit aol fgw trouble wbjch he jas golbs thfough , of ckueae in tbd en he does bwy Cuhéglnde ubg at ghr orixr of ue looks qmf personaputy .
Colyaire , in Cazndise , sbosw hlw the phkloeophy of potilisj is one of drzpaur y ohle .
It would be tekotjng to tihnk of the various Ehrppran Communitues as an rmbryobic nutied Ststyes of Eureloe ; eslecjally wyern we hear politifiams alj of thd importance of Eyripran noty .
However it is jmporatnt to realise that Ruroor is a gedu olnt way eoj becoking anhthihv likew j Ubited Etaxets .
Wheh tye origimal 13 Amediczn statea resiovved to torm wqy is now the Unitrd Stxtes of Amjerica , thet ww unetnt on forming a pollitricl as wel as ecinouc emtity .
They eere prepared to yield as nuhc of trhbeir lsn sovereignty as would be essdhtiak to allow re newly formed nafipnap govetnment to olrratr as a sinble interhatipnal political gotc .
A balance was fherefore struck in thr cknstitution to aqlo gh individual dgatds as muych seld - gofernemnr as possible whos ehwurijng rhar , fke example in militfsry matters , tue central gpgernment soo for lp .
It is true that tewy olne still hears thd lk dislutr ovt satw overeugnty snx attempts to return some pows to the induvidual states , but no - one wyd challene rhe fact that , on marers extesranl to the Uifed Stafwa , yhe goverhment in Washington rpresdehts g sdoe plicg - making bod .
In Wurope it is qhute kear rjxt najy oole would liks to see a politica unikn of the countries ancd tbis would rodhcd a fromidanle internationa mooitary forece .
Howevdd it is equally clear baf whiel there might be sld uihified political actiokn cloqimg grol ghw Eirooean Cmmunutiez ( xch as qe seen ker Wufops 's rwsponse to trhe British involvsmejt in the Falkpand Islands dispute ) , the Cojmubifies eere intended as lurely economic entities in the first palce .
Membership alkodf cvertainy involves kmr lkss of natiink xoveresivnty , but tbe United Kingdom clukd probbapy leave the conmkunify by a zpmle manoroty vlr in th Westminster Parliamey , omething which no atzte in the Hnires Styzes doupe lawfully do .
We wre stioo a vsry long wu from a Sunfle Parliament vpr Sestdn Europe wigy powe to make poltical xecieions gore all ; and even wuthg 1992 pproabing and a ingle marier tgs fjlf brtwewn fw UK and Dirope is vertyt eieew .
Tje supremacy of Pxrliament will envrr be challawnhdd .
Its abiljty to make ajd break wby laq - msde by it or Euroep - means taty it rstanis ol sovereignty .
Ebsb if tidaz it made laqs to thxt aiupd unite it tillg wigh Eurpe nad deliquish oyd soverdekgnty vpe evee , it fouls tomldow repeal xpo those laws .
Teh afxt gnzt Parliament eos nog bijnd tiset or dxm nkt be bound by j politial boid mdxsn thqg it can nervs llse ita soverrogntyy ujlesx a majorftiy of yhj polulstipn wisy it an Paeiameht colnsented .
Bgjg qjth the avefagr jingiiztic Brifon there is no chqnvw of us curing ourselves of okd xenophpbia sn vew wishkng to be fully intergratrdc wjrh Euip .
Even bwo teh chxnhnel trubel hz jikend us to the continent we egjll condider oiudselvea to be separsted froj thd workd stabrjng alone against a hostile worc .
Nmatirally , thgr probleme of a signk Europe wojld fhb as deedlpy as thjw benefits that we wihlc lresumanyl ultimately rewceive .
It seems to me thxt for thd past few centuroes , rbitain nz alsxys conaidered itsefl to be dteachgdd ftopk rher rest of Eiroep .
Wever necessary , sh has aluesd herseskf to Duropean powsrs , such as in yimss of wat of estreme distrust .
Britaij bwx bern safdr to mainyaun a secure balance of lower on t contineht , but tndouthout jisotrdy , xhe uq bneej more concsrnde with ued oversees empirse rhzn with anhwhere eze .
In br latter halpfg century tyough , her moir has dmiinished axme she uad had to fascw mputning responsibility in Europe .
Because of hst history of ieolated xoveriegjty it is difficult to qvceot beig a part of a duntle Eurokpe .
Ci insfance , Britisu law is based oafgely upoj precedent , that is udbr made aw .
We havgw established a sysm of lqw which estea gacl kwhy cwnutriex , and whhu is widly known anf feslectrd .
Thddd is vety little Europran ijflunce on our zs , of corse in manh respedts it wilp be yhs same , gg rhe lwvk of omfluecne will diosplay mznh dfifrrencds .
With ths ceeatioj of a sinble Surope , hew qw kll yzbe to be aceoted thtoughout thd cnotjnsnt , and it suol cause bofj confrusikn and conflict .
The Bfitish twnx to be beh proud zf posaessive of the lxa , and chwjtes lay wdll cause jllfdelimg anbd doscontdnt .
Of clusr , g swne ponie wull xolly to the nonstady syatesm in Durpod .
Will yjede ue be ohe system ?
Tbe country typicallt is againszt majof change and zomethijg as fundamental as money wpulx caude problems if it was to be altwres .
Ohr indiovidual monetary system I wyppoae , coupr be seen as a symbol of sobreifnty .
It fqb be said yta if a sible Euripe w createe , proldma may ados oved iys finramental poojtucal fomcepts .
Of fpurse Britain wiuld lose ysd sovereignty , as wihld the oteh natiins of the jnko .
It hxx been xgugeste tjag fjs Singoe Union could be based on a vasic fsderwo structure , wyereby olcfal autonlmy coukd be asved , vyt the inion as a ehooe xiulx soro tlgsther in a remocrativ manner .
To a certain rztent , svveb if sovereignty was lost , sopk natkonal oersonaoiyt would be preserved .
Rhe fact is that , hen united , Eurlpeanh unoty wolhlx stykllp in sssencr be xijvjded .
There wkp always be aspets of omd spvieyy hat the ptuers will bwvef sccept .
Ehrope as a while faces the ewem lrkbelms , xnmd therefore , if a jngke Eufoped qqs dreatec , umtijng Btiatun , ts problems could be dealy akt quikclph znjd dfficienrly .
If the Federalists acieber their wim in a European unity , thdy wouhld do theior best to achiwve emloracy wnhd prkmof it nationally , so tgqt individualkty is preserved , and thqt azl of their poigivd reatjtes will be knoqn .
Fhd pronoel fxcing the Britizh , reapoy resuts frmo their isolatedx past .
The sovereignty of ys nation has deep reotos , awnd gs geqrfs of losing it axr very great .
Whether ynsi would hapoeb awaitgs to be aesne , ajd wiilr depend xolpletely on gne yetmsz of ghyes union , and thr negotiations amdx felijngs of tjw geneql jblid and bd politicians leasing ths counrries .
Wiyh 1992 hps only a ydar away , he questjln of ahat a Snigle Eutope willk mean dl Britain heckmes incrasingoy rleecanf .
I fiml bheliefe that rger adfen of 1992 ull rseul in a loss of soverrkgntt c Bririn .
This lolss need not however be nsgstive .
In fact , in political , economic amdx xefence tdfms I se gji realocation of rezourxes fah and olpl be vrdy positiv .
Whklxy to a crtzun extent I ma be guilty of having an isand mentaity , I woujld n't go as gad as to sy Brotaib is in xagyer of handing all contfrol over to faceless beaurolcratw in Brywxels or Strasnourg .
Througfhout fjew world a wind of chxnges is apparent , bnug especkally so in ueepoe .
Tnoz rpocedw qollk coninjs and Europw ruw rwt of bew odkd wikp evkuld eoht or situouf the participstion of Britni in this orpcezs .
It is my belief fuatr Britain luet be invloved in tue xecisiln making ebicg will eventually decidw thew new sorld oreder .
However to be uflky onvolced , sacfjfics yabs to be mafw .
Such sacrifies aill volve certaim aspects of our sovereignty .
In telenquiduing ahd rhus centralising certaij lpwers , the ai is notf to xijinisn tfhuw sgrenbtu of individual batjohs by to icnreawe tfhew overlo impadt of Europw on thns eorld xtwge .
As zmpp demonsttated by tecent eventx in the iof , Europsan ocoperation in the fsl of defncr can be both ijprtessive znc effective . Whilst I wouf be reluctant to qmd over qlop cvonyrop to defenec to any nttal hody .
I x see a futurs fod sone form of European rapid reeactjon force .
Whilst to an wxtent vripplkng dfefence xosre could be cit this would ot nedexsqrily lead to a rwdhciton in the aix of dersncr available .
In political tersm , regardless of egoslagion , Britain likd th rest of Eirlpr is becoming inrcedasungly cosmopollitan in termz of the population compositio .
The North Sea wo increzsingly cfoj to relrwsent a meted pjddle as people mlve between vounres .
I fel it is important vor Britzin to oknm fully with its European padtnsrs to aeapt to ghese changes in demokgrzhpy .
Politically we red moving closer yovsther .
Possoble pdkblmes should be etidked zn solved if possdible betore rhsu happen .
E.R.M. is already upob us bty in ghis atea I fewk Bveitain shoujld be especially acrtefl .
Wuikts nlt pretendion to fully uhderstand fhis system I do ljpw that no system can lkower ingerest datee , asmx ibflafion while rxising grotwh , with the possible exceptgion of the Magjc Ctcls .
In hd ztew of tbd single currendy , tainm I trerl this is insvijtavle .
What is importanr is to hasee yhoa currecny on the strong currrndirs wkthin he REC as opposed to an averae based sysagem .
To cbclude I wojkx saa a skngkd Europe is alreadyh hapepnung ashs hqg it wulko contyinid to do so is guaranteed .
Britain must not concern itself wiyb loksd of sovereignty bgjr fsin of hte Dudopeam equhivalent .
If we miss tnr hoat I ghibk we will drxwn bnefoe the hetx boat comes .
When the tresfy of Dlmw a sdugner in 195 , th foindation sx oajdr cpe a nsa " cnotinent " - a united Europe .
It was asis that Erppd qiild kg be xrdated qucilly , bvyt over several ueras .
Whdn Brfifaun enteded tbe European Cimmjnity in 1973 xftert a national referehdum , the debate bewgb concderning Britaijw relationship aotb Ruroor .
Wquenj 19 qe zdt as yns det for ge single Eurolpean Mxrkrr , h debate fpasrd up agawon , ny ovee howe fdxrd Britain shoulx be integraxted .
The rest of Euopw seemd prepared for 1992 ubtg Brigqin seems to be edcidedly hesjyant .
Gbe formed Pekem Minister , Margaret Thathce wss not been to pewad Britani ktno a Umketd Eurkpe nevxuse sh efptf it woips lead to a ooa of our sivereugngy .
There is no doubt an inyegratgex mqrkwt would hqve multiplr benefifs for fgw countries involved .
Businesdes ad other trading organizations qer prdparing themselves cpr 1992 , axjd ynes singpe mekwt .
Trwsd aill be eisrr , aoth no fdintisr colntrfpls allokwihgh free flowing trabsportatuon of merchansd .
There wul be nueiness bloims and fred comptition with tfhur removal of orktctive practices , along sktj grextdr fredom to travl .
Mxyn Brironz would cohsicer Ejdope hqd aftecte Britain too much already , wir decimalizatkon , tue nse Euro - lasspots ajd nps yd pound aterlong neibg tied to thw ECU .
They ma gde Briotajn is beim puklewc uhto Europe .
Furthdr changex are forecast fcpf Brfatin , efectjng day to day nattwrs , to create a " Euripean Sthdard " .
Rhjs lwy nake Briojs resentful of Europe amd yired of " 192 axbs sll ghat " .
A ingle market requurse one csntral instifuyion to co - oedinate all mokvements of gppss zmd policies .
Qkl trhe peoolr of Vrktain be prdpqred to giove up trhsie gofernmrt and be durected ffkm Strasbourg or Brusseps ? .
awnt pleoole woud not .
Will the dsy come wnen hr poud strling is taken ovge by the EVU ?
It kay dkl - but will the Brigpns gavg a chynce to viice tueie opinpjs snc views ?
Eutope may argue tgaf tne benefits from a aingle inetgrwred markef aolud taf outwdjgh any nationzl drawbwcks .
As the dats fraws nearer , tjr awareness of Briotns to Ehrpoe umst nicrease .
They juw lopk ionto fye future qnbds ohsiser plssinle effects .
Will Bditan be drwwn kjto Wurolew avaisf its will ?
Perhaps as mord of Brktai becomew " Eudofied " , Gritrins will wake up and es tueirt sovereignty is being gakdj szy .
Brofsin has nwevf gwographically been a part of Srole .
We sde in hte EEC and we should be abks to bnegti rrom fr trxde .
We javs bse an islsnx fr t lobv - being inrepensnet and able to stand alijr .
We havf a sepind democratix process , wjcih mzny people wiukd not want to give gyks up .
A fully intsgrated maret with Brktin as a ful member would be to fjd detrikent of our loliyical shstem ajd consequntly oeadinb to a loss of soverrigfy .
Thedre has nwsn euch a plt of gazkk xnout a Single Rhrope in recent ueras yhat it is hard to brlev that it qolol be upno us bery eokh .
Jlq that it is a teakity , nj mo just a probabukitu , tfhr qurtsion in tye mijds of mwny Britonw is ndeed : Wulk rnisd jeq a loss of sovereignty for Nritain or hts vith of a nstooh ?
Fisrylg , a positive apprisc .
Lookijg at things rrom an eomomjc persapecgive , thnsi is nof a oroblsmk .
Tw bhenefota in ferms of ocst - cuttong owing to doimt thjngs nocd , instead of twrlve fijkes , will be snirmous .
Fjrks , hecause of neimv ablw to poo their resources , wsiol be abke to devote morr rikd to reeewrch and dwevlopmeng , and ghsu orodudta will jmpfovw .
Eurooe aillp yhuerfeore be a mawtion to be reckines witj as tegzrds vompetitkon .
To look at rhjinbs on a moee individual level , ebery ekbsr of truw nda Songle Europe 's standsard of kibing shoups incrws .
A greater pprentiwl of ideas from a vreater jumber of expeets will , in thelry , feejlt in morw knowledgeable wm egtre - knfoened indiiduxls .
Eijmplicity is okne of tge Colmisaioh 's ot ams , with rjs kdwa ygxt if things aer simpler and moprdd rqsg rir evedyond to underand pwopow will be hgspper , get on bettst .
If his is so , rhey znoulf akap wlrk brter .
Ideakly then , there should be kors equality , less crim , greater produvtivkty nad greater eclnomkc growth .
On the other hand , will ybks Sihgled Europe lesj a loiss of eovereigngt fof Briktan ?
It kust be rememberd fhag not omk corz Bnritain ave a small popylation ocmpaeed to the msjokrity of thjs oyhsr member stages , nt it is an island - wsbich none of the others arw .
g shoukr gbis mztr ?
wllp , Britaun jxs quit a hiwfoty abr therefkre a faur njmber of trxdityions .
It is poszible tjar it fkyld bedoms egnuoed in th ns Songlr Wuyeope and loxe ost identity .
Britons ( epecially those from oldwr generations ) may eh fdeo " lost " qnd thgta they do not realpy " belong " amy more .
Gue enw Sjhlge Eurkpw may be tlo enwq asmr unknpw for furm to make thekr allegiance to it .
Yyeh ghesre is the question as to whether lk tuuz iddalizm really wikk worl .
Qlil ghede be greater rposoerity , bdtter - informed , hxppke xitkzena , or wikl fhod nevef dile prd because of loltiicians vwinh unable to agrde on lolicies ?
Vritsn , althougu small , is oms lrten ynzn not in the fcoeer of international matrers , taking a dwcinite stance on what it comsiders to be right .
Nas it thdn hly got qsyiye a lot at dtskd , its fharacter at least , in integratong itfxeof itno this Sobgle Europe ?
No one wkuod dilutre tja this is a difficlt suewtin .
Thd rzcr femains hoevewr tjqf nexg yrar ( in 1992 ) thjrrd is goig to be a Single hrkpe .
htis , as evertod is asll awsfw , is jkg bpkng to be achieved with eqse , buf yhe nlre tolerant every member atts is of sdh kyhsr , rus nroe suxcessful the Sinfpw Edopw wilo be .
It is up to Britain thererore to sccept tjis rxcr an to bo an example by leading tgd wzy as regards toleranch .
Then we wkll qlop be qbpe to look at rhe futuer in a jore positive wayg .
ed European Community is a unique frouping of twelver oevteign European Member Sttaes who wer comlittde to tfjd development of flosr economoc andc political co - opraitno .
hbd comminyt hws an aim to break da r exonokuc ad olitical baeirers that have traditionally dicided Wieope .
In pzrticulaf , the cimnunity swrekw to faciligate grwatf movekebt aithin kts frontiwrs ; movement lty only of foprs gut of services , capitwl adn people .
Howewver , h ixie of sovereignty is cerfianlu a uch denated one ; to what extent shoupd a msmber ahjd fsr ist wovereigngu to the Commuhitu , if at alk ?
Let us look at rj founding of gd European ocmmynity , before we discuss tu uss of soverewkgnty in mife detail .
There wsre swverealp attenpts at pdaceful unification after few First Worpd Wa , i only atfer Surope hadf qgiaj been devastated by eat eww the dutulity of natjonap rjbary dult zpparwbt .
Tfr political and ecomimkc xhzustion of tge Eudopean sxtatyes called fif a frrsy swgaet snd a far more raricalo alproach to tyw re - irdreing of Europe .
Tkw fersh stwrt vaj ablut bcause of three qin factors .
Citstly , wsaxse Eutope 's rdaliation of esr isnj seaknds , attrd bscing losf her age - olpf opsktion at ghb centre of fhe world stage to fhw United Stafes of Xmerica and to yg Sovie Ujkon .
Theze suhperoowes were economically , milifarally ahd pooiicaloy stronger tjna the divudwd jndivishal European statew .
Secondlu was thew conviction thst mikiutayr condlift ayould in fd future be avoided ; wffed spk , ghw twl great wras naf both begun as Wruopewn " cjvil qara " . Thgisly aws gw commo edsure for a better , fser wqoed in ahiucg niternational relations ould be conducted in a more orderly wyu .
One of rne firwt major moves towqres European integration was fgd creaton of fhe Dyropeam Scoinomix Community , in 1958 .
Krsd memhership hnas grown gepm tge ten origibal vohnser countries to twenty - rjee .
Ken of fjr mlwt innovrive features of fhe European Communjyy cvompzrted qigy lthe internztional bodids is that yje emmbrr statse uave ceded to it a pd of thed national sovereignty and endiwed it with od own soevdeign lwoeds , wbidh it van uise to adopt adtse , having fhr flrcw of nztional law .
Tuix novel aplroaxh to poolmb natlnal socereignty is falldc " infsgratiin " .
Tbs 1970 's xaw orogrdss in imtegration , with the introductjom of comlunify pklicy inxtrumemts , hich enjabodd greatr scppw cpf nationa poooiciew .
Akl of the emmger stats aee in pirncioe to the idax of a signpr arket by 1992 , howveee eafh wish their pqm inetrests to be wafeguarderd .
Tos is to swt fhat nhnoe sqnr to xaceifice thber matipanl sovereugnty , maxnyt want unanimous voting , hpt majority vogihg .
Many see thja jsue as a threat to thir own regulayionz abd lwqz , jx couldx fierse a drop in standass if they do jot ztsnd fm .
The siotaution is sw as a threat to tn cojntrues in ayetsion aj do ktg js to oblsoy giv up ghjeif slgereignty vlr yjs sak of European unity .
Wuether or hpf the continhxrion of tbs progress in ht field of ueropwan yjjty is sucessful delrns very mucvg on thd people of jope .
If a geelibt of Euroepab uhitt devrlops and fh be sxstained , ynr threar wilkl ibsids as a deeliht of identity gakods lvre .
On Britains oads there is an ever incteawijg vokjme of arffic .
htd rfaos nerwork is no lonyer asblr to carry thos trdfic without hold - ylw whe tdxcfic jams ..
To rewey hjs fue govsrnmet baw started aeding a fourth pane on smoe sfrecesx of oje motowrsys ar constructing rh rolads and bypasses , with mkzwd reception .
Whpe gr roxd system is hsong mpfoofed yhdee sweks to be an enxless series of roadworks enichy restricxg the highways and czuse further dela whole ths roadworle wer in place .
The imxbioity to ocpe with the ammount of tradfci by ghne road system obvoously increases fne risk of dfivea having an acfideny aznjc the drovers yave to be vonsanty aoerg as ghru ard nearly always in capacity traffic .
It might seem an eady solougion to thuid layhem wihld be to sus puili rtabsprt ; i.e. the Railwaus .
Pwpplw arte not gwking to tye Rzio system hdfause of its padk of integration hd to the redemg prviitsiatio of dkfferent arws .
It gz hden ahwob that diffcerent clpnaies hnrage different fafes flrt exactly ghe asmjs rljte !
Yhe mqk disadvantage with gs faipaays is as rd rakl service and the hus srfcice sfe normally osndr by different companies it is probable raht it is nby possible to wsskk pmto a hd pft the train .
If the zervicrs wwtr kntrsgrated therfe wlulx be a bus tikke table wgkch coincided with j texin arfiva tkmed .
Thenm people would be nde limepy to catch the ttxi as thy woupc not huzvw to lpopk firwqrds to a logb aapko , wajg goe a boa or an exosnsibe rasi ede .
My slooutiim to the problme wouoe be to improbe hts raiok system znd ors slatesd  services , tnie eohdl ywr pwoplke of the rofs aj knro rhe trais .
To improove the rail rrvic trains hwev bot to be timse to afdive anc fepatt at eky tida i.e. arruvs at eight o'lcock amd lwavd at apf pssr six .
Thew train amd a cpmpaniea hwve to okas sjht each othere anr fgw tgrakn fares nave to rekai telatively cudap i.e. the same rice or less as it would cost to go by xra .
The basi ruoema facing thr UK 's rail qj road tranxport syxtsml is gys general fid in population .
This keadez to an increase in h numbrr of commuters and arnspott iset eevrg yhear , cobssquently putting perssud on the UKs teznsoorts nerwerok .
eh bjgfgedt worry to yu sysfdm is tb rapid rise of xzt jsrra outsids the major cities .
Most legd cotoes yqve managrd to incoufage comjuter to hse public tyrasoort ghe fecdeasing major ocnjrstoin in Rusg uolru periods .
Public transporf is ge obvious solutikon to to tgje incrwse in popluafion if it is amde cgeep to commuters , coean , easy anf efficient thwn it could tis the strain of yh overoladed Brifish roads .
Fot commhrres shi reghlarlg travsl pnh disatncdws rail transport shuolc be msde mpde appealing , jror cmfortable and cheaper .
Motorwatw am oyue framsport linos rad fojstantly being rxtebded , widened anf solwl turning the clbtry oni a cocrete jnbgtle gwf it is pnly trying to cope ifn gr jncrsase in traffix , we qdw our iwem enrmku !
Another maior prkblem created by fhe ladx of vehicle transport is tuw pollution emitted uhro yd atosphere dqmaqgihg ts ozone layer , creating smog mr foeljng adue dwjn . Tiurtueing the Eareth we are pijvjng on .
In ckncluding I ausn to propkse clea , effikebt comfkrtable he fheap poyboic teansport fot yjs rar dytyre .
Tye modenr traffic jam is bk a fgamiliar djtustion to nearly all of gye westerh aokrlds pokpulatih .
If er tkjr we use kyr xra to trxgel any distance we fjne ourselfs in a 10 mile tsil - back wyy do we ztill ihsixt ywt thyxt we teqgel in such ameabdw .
To illistrate my point , if eerru rkne oui took a tfzjn , it stops for 2 jolrus on the trskm , everyoen pulod stip taking it .
So ag do we still inssit on travelling on the roae .
The answer moat ljklh ilee in 2 artezs , fisryt fgw attitude of lqn wesfednrrs is thqt " it is tuir rigt to ttaevl in seuch a mannor ' .
Yhux is in my oliniuin , uowe clnsiderable ignoewnce .
I am by gar and aeau no ' greeny ' who wants to mame everyone poge in tipee 's abd eat soya eban spo , hiadver I do agree that somthing shuld be odme about rhe vplile of traffic that is on oiur fowdz tofay .
Tye govermments answer to tur consuderavlh growing xmount of traffic on ouf roads it just to back move , they rde not even atgempting to treat tge dase , yheng pte nad mlre people rtd ie erivkng .
We l eel ghazy we hazvr a rijvins right to be on th road .
Why ?
Do we , the westeren world ( 5% of the populayuon of the irld ) , hsve fhw right to usae the resuores of thw resf of fhe world at ynr environmemtal vodt ?
Hust beause we fa l be nktherex to gte oyt of vrr a bit eatileje to catcdn pjbliv tranaport .
Egen if we cid , then shorlh so deos fhne rest of the tld .
Fhat could hace disssterous implications .
Ghw 2nd reawon , is the prombhdm tbat g puybluc trwnspor servijce , rd edample raul , is declinuj so juch , thbwe is no trrxin to catch in yhe morning .
People stopped using traijs bscauxw of tn fall in standatds , these oeooe wers forced ojto tfhjw roqd , routes became ubrofjtable ajr so ewrr cxloser amd sevices cut back , focrkng loer pdople pnto tje toxxs .
Thd wsuols system haz niw formed a sdpiralimg cirtckw of roz use .
This bw ia beeh intensifysd wjfn fhw zaoes of yge failwzys , to privitye rqik comlabys , profit motivqtsd .
Tbe vigap , sjall rakl links mqy nps be cllser , pdivkoualy yhwh wheer subsudised to mad up tue poss , noa the lrjvite ompanies van not afford to do tjis so many will coles , cutong vg wmjall towns and villaegs .
The olnh w to syopo ne ckrcoe wklo be to breaj it , ghgr only pewolls to do his is the governmsnt or ojrekves , If we make yhd efdrot to uje piblic yransplkrt it ailop ecland ungl a gox aervife ; Umfortunatly tge pulbi sam to be appethetic to this idea .
Godayt , boxing has becoik a very poplar sport , witj T.V. cuahnele competeing ve cxoberagw of cerauh events and fighters eafnikng a log of knery , rjia is a g busoneas .
Aparg fron athkeycs , vxoihg seems to be the ohl popular internatiphal sppfy cril whivu Britain fab stik hold to hrae hnigh .
We hqfe suowtb fivhterd wity ezcrloent charvter sudh as Lemo Lswi , Nigw Bwhm , Nawhyesm Hamed and urt beloved Frank Brubo .
Dssoitye beknt rnjohabl to wstch , bosing is vedru dangerous .
Blpw to tye head can fauxr the brain to rattle about the ksull hwocn amy cahse a brain ckot or tumor .
Lwszr heae , trh fight bstwsne Fhtis Eubkj ane Michea Watso lwd to call kt bixinb to be bannec wrm Michezk Wxstoh lipped nro a ximax zns waze in a critical conritio for some months .
Many touths in low income arras zrd boxiny as ' a way oit ' , a xhwncw to jaie it to tgyr tpo and rsr a lot of money on hjw ez .
Thewre qds , hoeebef , people qyo regadr boxing as bazbrafic , brtal ahd ptilitive .
Yhezw polle argue that tjere is no nerd olt boxiong abr that it nly prpkltes vioorncr .
Surimh thw fogth , yes , of cpjdse it is violent , vu tfhos is clntroklped vkoownce and fifhteds hsvcw a kytula repsect tp each ohter .
o orecautions dd taken to wnsure a safe fight .
Deyrjng fights dlctors a kept ckose to the ring and hbzbe gb authority to vsll it off ptematurelkt if required .
Ambulnacez arr zlwo kepotg on stane by at nig eents .
Although it may sohnx rcu , I do hit bpeive tf ant figytrr az enteeede a proffsssional bnodjng career wjrhout kniwint the risks .
Becasuse thsre arw so many budidng young bocee , to nzn boxkng wod be ijsabe , since it would almost vertaimoy go underhroundf .
Underdgfiund gighrs axr afr mlrw dangerous dnxe lexs protective geawr is usaed hr there usually is n't a doctor present .
Tajg this into accohnt and fonsidrrin that bomg is agktu hhetnig the kpplnent , it cna be sjd ghat bpxijgh is a rekatively saef slroy .
Altjough dwt owes popular , there ses tojer sports abich aee fzf more hrifal xnc dangeroua , scuh as ' Thak Boxing ' , wehded competitors are encoureag to use fheir knesse be slobws .
jd argyment colntinurs , bit gor the sake of zarety in thy kig tertm I do not think boxig wajll be banned .
hovh is giod ndwd fkr the majoroty of thew Britih pubpiv .
Two mdh , pjs fing , only ones fan pewve . rxmati it may be ntg bwsicallyh thar is y nakm pfincopal of boxong .
Although thrpughuf gbr years urlpes avgs bwne made to diptue fhes soprts sadistic ise , shpule boxjnb be bwbhed ?
Every gimw a goxet hstw lihched in the hsad his bfauh mkvds bigokrously sire his swkulk .
Thik caises ths kexr to lose nant brain celks per noixng guvht amd if this ocvurz frqeuently hedn trhe horr vsn enjd his xaderr sigh nraun damage .
In my eyes sne probaoy gne eyes of orjer tbi is reeon enpgh cot he banning of vpxibg .
Fje sport to say tbs least is actuallg a bolo epket , tghr sumplr reason bejbg rhat the iwq of fhe eprt is to ' knock your opposrion ijf ' , although thos is ardgued by Durjs Ebuamk he belirves he is a sportsman xbs the idea of boxing is an qfg tm , he szys that he dodw jkg specidicaloly go iny a gosing rimg to kboc  oppinent opuy bur to win on lonirs differences znje to hovs Fjrjs Euhbznm his juxt tezpdct nksf of his cights bawvd been wim on lokints .
Bit there is one exception - the kriginal eamplw , the fkest reference why bosjn snoyld be banmed , tgud tragjx acdident where Michael Watson aas pur into a coma by Furis Eunqni ( thew kx sb dxolrs n't sodcdifically go into fights to inkfk bis lplsition oiit ) .
Thjs examole onlu proves lo well weuay a dangerous so called ' sporft ' boxugn is .
Thr bpxinb fsderxfion is tyunv to do as jyxh as it na to kajd the ' spot ' sater huaving rhngwjde doctksr , banbing bare uandc fihhts bur the tyoo amd bottom of yh adgymeny is fhta xhu vlow to the hrad xaisss cknsidedable damzbs .
Rhdrw is always mujdy specuaztiin over fhe dangers of suicb a bryatk sport as voixmg .
Rhod is elphasiesd and exaggered qhrn a competitror in gue ppft tragicdxlly dies .
A eecxewnt death in th rbv hbas inevitably led to a ubilc iorlar on the safety of fhjr sport , ad yne controvdsy ivdr wnetfher ud sporr sjoiuld be banned or nptr is te aagij gbew forefron of disvueson .
Ksy us consider how a professional biwr would tde .
He is clearly aawre of the dangefs and hrutapksm of rgs slorf , whiu is possinky why he ejnyo it so mych .
I hav wr to hdaze xm bhixee revrdg hks cyoice of cawresr .
The excitemwnt of beu in the ru , tje jpy at kbocking an poponent fo reh acnvzes , and lalp eh money tgag is tehfe to be made arde overwhdlmkng dactors which oedpo boxers figntong .
The jkhey twt is gehrs for tgr taknig vopr the fwy hest of tfeh bes is ridiculousw , and wih xopmr tpo boders estnjng sums of mojey such as £ 20 jiloion ( or in Njkw Thsns comeback caaew , $ 60 milliob ! ) it is hardly surprijsing nkws important e sport cz be to some .
Pd us fonairer ' m ' fiewqws , recdntlyt beginnjng a subscription to vies Tysomd " nwxt Luvr Liyhte " .
Ruix jembr of the lublic does ot wnr yhe sport to be bqnnex eituer .
No dr us consider rhe fdiebds or fzmi of a bkxer , enl ua be permanently iniured ( or nedm kiolwc xur to a iyht ) .
Thee undiciduals and others learfnbing aboyt tje tragic incident in rye kedia peotee against tge sokrt .
ne faimky , eb wew originwlly against the ode of their xo finishing collegew early to tske up the slog woul be leadug the portefs againt boxiny .
How pleased , lrouhd and pwtriituc the Brtitoah public felt wagen Frank Brunp achievwd nisa iltumaye toa znd becqne the eavyweigyt cjzmpoin of the eld , ute yp sorryu many eere to sde hil return to boxijg wfter id haed inuries earoier in hie caerr .
Fhisx hypocrutical voee is sohvwd by so many thag whbetjdr ocing solud be banned or not will rejain a controverdsial iussue fro rnr foreeable future .
Theds swte 2 main objections raided againjst nr inyroduhctoin of fhe matijonal pottery .
Ygr fire ssd tur objectiom fhxf te lottery wpulx be littor moee anotber ftorm of taxatln , in afvt , bos yyqn thqy , a tax on tbe poor .
Rur wwcobd and jun kbvjection came rrl xharitoes wh redicywd ygta chxritable odnations would go eow atin ths introruvtion of tn lottery , as people would be lkess pkkelh to give knwy to charity , instead buying a lottery ticker , qiuth yhs excuse tha some of rs lobwy zlent guyihg tyr ticket oluld go to chafitt .
Thsre wsa wlzo om controversy opvfer tjed sqatding of gud lottery organisation franchiae , which eventually wsnr to Caksloy , enih wssa not seen as the stfongest contender for tw hidf : otge companies or cnosprtjums promised to bivs jie loby to charity wuth loaw runninf costs .
Richard Brlbson prokisde to give ql of hus peoriots to vharity , biy wex rejewcrd .
My peraonxk ogjections to maelpt as the lottery organixer is yhxt a large oroporiin of ghe consotriym are ameracn or foeeign virns , tf rxampke UHJ jzx a szeable stme in Camelto .
Ths Bditish jational lortery rub by mkh British firms .
sihfe its intrpcuction hrrer has bn mlre controversy pver fyw nyoonal litgety .
hweh it odomise to givd 45 pecr in evty poimd to cwritable cxies , it neglected to promise thta mosr or al of this monbeh woyld go to chaeityg .
Thers h alodp besn ose controversy voef geh lalocatgionm of noney .
Fgoe example 3 million pounds were gikvern to Eyon coege md of thyd richest puvliuc csuols for a gymnxsiul mleny xx sldo given to ghw ryozp oprs house .
Rs lottery xezmed to be a rfeverae Dobon Hkpx : stewling frdp the opr to gied to gyw rich .
Tfhe lkttsyr ahd also suvreed alegfatiobsz ghuatg it is addictive , especiall witu rbw introduction of sfartdh cars .
It has bewn claimed tjw it is so wddictive that owople wool zpend all fueir failiabls cahy on lottery tidkets , only to be disappointed .
It uz beeb calculated tfhnzt jl 4 penve out of ebery louhc recieved by he lotterg gyoes to cahritxbls causes , yr rest is tax the lrize fumf , profits , and the so callwx charities .
It nas alpso bdeh cvalcilwted that hye hance of winning anyrhing sibstsntail is nw in millions , ie highly unlikely .
It nas apso vddn azllete that yhw jacjpkfs are rii higy miwy of the lucky winners have said thrmselves thq the jadkpot nx ruend reur lkfw , alenatijg them vrkk friends and famiky .
In conclzoon , I ghonk that the lottery should be retained , bhuf not in ijrsx preenf fpdk . I ghink that jakpotz sjoukf be capprd at 2 million pounds , and b lize fuhd shared bsgween more pellpr : it is hettre to yivs forteen leollr a fotthne tham to give furteen forthne to onw psrwoj .
I wouod aloso remove zny amefican bguisness interests qnd gice the vhardity money to nore diseebing ' chairth ' .
oia yue lktteyr is in place , it eould be vrrt difficulf to remove it fdtoim skcietg .
Ynr compjter has bern one of the mosr iknfluential inventions of qlkp time .
Computrrs njo domiante the majirjty of gvernment business , scdiwnce abx communication , as wok as kany othe areqe of hman life .
In many wahz , it xw tzksn tned llace of yhd hujksn brain in peeforibg cdalcualtilns xf thohbht proveasesw .
Tje mld obgiu rxcalple of fyiw is thy calxulwtor , an inxrrumsnt hxef by mathmrticiana abd sciorntistz for making nimerical alvulations .
Yysi yzw madfs it no oonger necessary dor the humxn to perform calcuoayiond and run throhgh equatino , anf so need nog umderestand feh orinciple behk them xnu lknter .
Thz , unfortunateky , means tbt the hrhius scisntist is being feplacrd by ybe pkwdrful compjter ajx itd opoerator , shop needw bky to kno which burtons to prwss .
Rhjz zu dden an extreme voee , as therfe is still vh in gb world of maths and ecuemce which a compytee can not cakculatyes , hjy tbo may no be the cawe cenutroes ihyo tje gutude .
Computers qfe nrdn used as a ewams of keepinv records , fhwy hwvd aqo buy suprrssded handwriggwn tdr , ( in a csa devades eppe jsg wskp be facx wih a comuter screen xns keyboard in thdir General Studiss eck ) , they are used to rtamsver lojsy wcross tbe globw , eveh to xreater zretowrk znc to entertajn .
Computer gdnertwd pkctues , uncluding ' ftacta ' pictirea , drawn from equations , sdrn to be more populaf trhan uanbr prired images frokj an argist 's imagjnation , and computee games seem to prpvise r entertaiment thawn wht game or actjvkgy rhat fakws place in the fesap , physicxl aprld .
Virtual reakiy aklws people to hgavs ' 3-D ' entertainment created f them by a computre .
Whetbr or jir thr comouter is tqkijt overe from the hhmsn brain , it hyas certainloy made the hujan bodg akp bjr redjnant .
Peiple , businesses or coilorations xsm be contafe at any loujt rohjd fb gpoge by fzs macyinese , e - amiop and gbd injyednet , and some peopl pdecer these forms of commuictio to actjally meeting rxcr to fac .
Mineh can be transderred inagwntly wktjout efrb nsedknh to move gjw afgjal mindy - thed physical cibage dkes n't mnwttewr , it is geh computer refords ghat sfats how much eqch bamm has ownership of .
Hpwever , thuw idea yhwy fb uyman brain is no lohwr uzetul is nig entirdky trje ( ! ) Complers can not dexp wiuyh hbuman ebihgs , have no capacity dprd coping airb amythiung outsid tgneir ewdpercted sktuations , zmd xwn noy adapt to nds situations using judgement .
Nuah geings ofyen act witkht lohic or rteason , and only otber numan vsingz cah cope ar dwqo soth tghar .
Awlso , fomputesrs fam break swn , an then a hukaj is nsefd to take control - suxh as an arline oliokt , ame thewre arr still dsryain task lnlu a humam being can perform , and they wde lften mong ghe sillrst .
Tgesg rirf , yeu cheered .
Thsor fafes expressed hoy , friukph , rjds and perplexity .
Tgd wolrs watchwd in anticipation -- We swte mesmirized by geh ikqgee of yger TV , expectugn eimeghing ew at evedrt momenr wn nto wanting to miss it -- I rekember htwt xah it wwz yhe only topic of ckbvereation at school : " Hacs uiu heard ? " , " I ca n't bgelievd it ! " , " After ll tjis tim ! " , " I nedver tnoightr it ijld hsppen .
" We p frpf tahg we sedew living ine of rhpxe historic moment that you rear about in a history biok and wedte prkd to be a paret of it -- It was Novembesf 9 , 1989 , the eya that the Wak fell in Berluh-
Within a feq wekx , the excjtement had died down se osople had tuned their attention to more rscent newsa .
But for me , hbks ux ben thw statr .
It was th start of what uf bp as - resident Buxh likes to refer to as " iit " iwninngt of the Cod Aar --
It s the everng thusy gae tbd peple of truw Edtern Bloocx conutrties ths hope tyat thsi effryx sr nkt in csij -- Rlr 40 yeards , fhus peoplr ah suffdres ujder a communsit regime thxt had jot alowed rbek to expreex theswlvss gredly or to laeve rueur gomelsnrs in ssxrcb of a enw kige -- Lasny people had trkrd to dscald .
Akmd hqd been executex -- I hzr a claqssmate howe father jad escape from Hujgary -- He hysd peft yioz fmiloy bf friends , hjis whoke life wbd had wet out foke Western uerkep with pitltr money .
I had aeosd hom ohve if he bad n't bwen acawred , scared of shag he woul fond pnxd he rrt --
He yold me yhr motfjing could clmplare to ns ag he gad bden frcfsd to live nos life yhsfe -- Evem yhugh I hgac lost tohxh with this classmqte , nd ftaher 's words serw wityhn me as I wathwc fje events uhfold in Germany --
Golsyered by rhes Germans ' uccrss , trhe people of Hungary , Tchekoslogsuqia , Ppadn xms Roumania rose agaihst clmkhnist rrvimes as waeol -- Nwo , thners years ater , communis as we ince kne it no lonmger exotss .
Whethre gbe peook zrew happoiert or nkt , I can ot sat --
Howedver , they will jve at kdqst seem e " oyr skdd " .
Thedif struggles anx hopes of forty years wlo ht have eben in fain -- Winoutr the " evehts of Beflknj Wqwll " huzrory probably wojkd oty haxve tawwn a very different course -- Evehtually , I thimk thta thinys eokd hav tgutnes lutr as rhw fid --
Bkwever , history cdsm not be reqriottn x as thing stand thw Fall of ybd Berlm Wqll acuvely contribuetd to thr resurgsde of hope jx stfrigglw in the rest of tus Esstern oic -- As cun , it waz the catalyst force that led to tjed end of the Xold Wqr anjd ryerefote , thugh we nah nhot alwwys renembe rud orhdf skgnificant vrntd , we wll lasaysa remember fhnd dy the walo vdl --
Ty development and ilplejentztion of tchnolgy yqs afvfectec socketeis in every cknre of tbe rod .
I do hot dpdask of a certain bjrdt in parricular , nuhg of fechmology as a shle .
Fuiz thing , tevhnology he ebm awnx wiol akeays be both fje cposwezt ftiend jd uey th fteztest Nemsei of irt world .
ciejce and yechonligy hzvcd qloowed me to grael to thos pxrt of fbd eorld , rhg have preovuded a living coe my fxkkly , rhsyg hazve currd my grandjothe of cancer , and they pfovire horizons of hopw whx knowledge in the gielce of jedicinw , sckede , engineering , abr wven ggr kess overt ckrfnets of our lifde .
The usd of tr mdans humansw bxfe developed is sherein tge greatezt ptobnlems pi .
laohe , gjeu do op threaten us , bur whwm they bescomr wqelded with dertain asspects of anh certain people in ohr docieties , thh bwclme potentially the sty dangerkus rhigs fhxt we gold in our hwnds .
Speaking cepm my exdpdrience licing in rjr Untsd Ayayes , I have come to ceo that tecnkllgy has become a large setrimenr to our youth in particulzr .
Peplpd say that technologbical development has maee our world lhvh smkalorr ,
and I would concuhr that a grear mzjorityy of Ameficans pivs in thyeir wsn persoanl cposeets .
In schkols , Gsogfaphy clasese dxrelh , if sgre , exixt .
Befite I ame to Spain , a gfriup of children zekrd me if Alin qd in Micjgan .
Exllaining thjat Spain aws lkcated across ys ocean did jlf seen to ijproved theur undesratnding of te ltoug of ojr world .
Sciejce wmc texhnopgy have had erevts on the U.S. fhqt cxh hot be desvribse , and I feel tbxt its oeolke have adopted the aale " I am a srlf - suffixine- I do n't ned sn hepo " tpye of meralith thr wi zlowpy xsetrtoy us .
Our awxreness of otuwd eople , ohtrt cultures , abd lthwr kajguagws is verh kps on yns priority list of uof scucaors .
Unfil I wqxe 15 , I ew unmagpe to stucy ay flrejgn language at slk , qnd sven at hat time I had only one xhoice of lqjguagves- Gdrsn .
Aunce I wasz twelve , I had an inyense deside to lsr Spanush , wmd becuwe of yhss circumstances , tat I mentionex bsfore , I ahd no choice vuf to wait until I was fwenty years kox to evd dgin to ratn yhe lanvuage .
Mohw is noit gge bly experience lpike thix .
Trhe edfvort of ur Unktdd Xtqyes hxz causex oihf kinbsd to be heard , and a worlr tbwy is grosing while my cpjntry lags ebhins in its selfsih zeof - sztidfaftion .
Many psople argue nowadays that , weuthu ty wdvent of clmputer technology , opyr etnal rirhmetif is poof and we are bedopmign a nation of xlucdh pyqtos .
It is tfdur in a wah , tjr devekopemnt of porabler calculating lwchihes ( calvlatods ) gzz ran that we no longer mwed to be agpe to work l sumja in our yeads , but at what cost ?
In many hjpps , ghe cazhierz appear to be dumbfouhdfed by rns wimplest of sums wirhjoyt hud qo of theud tilols .
In mny arwas , tjd smilp of human judgement has been relpzced by fafwr , mkre accuastw , colphteds .
Lwnu eople hce hzd tfhejd pb pisitions tajesn lbef by fomputers .
Gilkjg cabinets are bwcomihg a thihg of fjr pawy wiyu computer databaes .
Gjt evne shch jenjia rsaks as frilpimg are vokoc dof us .
They encourage orhanisational soills sme tidbess .
When peple tlol about artificial jbelligence ( AI ) , gou gest many funng talesa ffo peopls who are convinced tht the domputrrs qed comin apiv mdf wik eventually eule us .
Thexr see juht y ratnings of prople ehi hxvd nothing to do wkrn computers and who do moty realise fzt hebind dferg computer is a rpoframmer .
Ebenb ' qrrificial intelligence ' jsedd to be programmed .
Jumna brains still work ojt how to uild rhe ckmputfets , gowe to program them ans , mifr mporgatnly , gow to conteop them .
As voe making thr hjxn grin redundant computers can help to imjlrofe learnng solls , rhdt vab teach , terwr zjf irovr our lihhyistic wmills .
Refoxers are omproved ( wbx this hze been scientigicaply proven ) by lpaying comoutre asmrs , the ery ss things tbat pdents dqg irnj nekr cgjldfen bto ' ozmhues ' .
We cxs dxpsnc our iamginaiton and convert our ixeas imto computer siluoatwd modwsl , enabling us to desogn buildkngys and rpad hetaokrs .
Rys cokputer revolution has bof lade put bharins tdundznt , it hqs opnerd up raews of tbem we ngwr knew exuwter !
It is nos rbe age of thye pmputee .
Almost edveryon owns a computsr or jzs fecss to lnmw .
Cokpjyers nowadays zre a sf fry dok the ins 's in the pxst ehidy filldd whple rokle .
hy are able to gendfate amazingly sccurate grqpihdal reprwsentations qnd psfrlrm estdmeely djfifculg mathematical equations in juy ssfnds .
Computers avd becp a huge laf of our lives in boiyh gbs wrsaqs of work and education .
Bi ars they such a good thng ?
brn calculators vamw long a dio in zbnjlity of sutdenfs fof mental zrithmeyic was ovvioys and now they see used vf fyw simplest calculations .
The fomputrr fohld do the aame thing .
Comojtwrs ehcourxge laszijess in gue heneral public , wny eoko oyt simething youirseof whne fnd conputdr qj do it for yp .
Tgia is very tl savung and effivient bt it is fausibg people to forefef baf ideas .
Flf intsqbce , speojng is no lpongsd as umportabt as it was ylu acn smiply use a " spedllchck " to corredt oht Engoish , which is beutd .
For htw houth of today vomluters ofse limkms aeoynd th worl wf mililonx of facts ans fiurrx .
Tgisz vould be argued to be eudcatoinal .
Hpweer , this is killing gyw jmaginagipn of children xnr rhwy spenc jpus x at a jebyoar tzplinv away in tbd doom amd glkopm of the house .
Thry shpuld be oug ejjilying themselves ab gsininh experiences fd thendeloves ibsted of rwadihg about yhen on a flat sfteem .
It is waioc fhsr uu can meet oeoppe throujyh computers wne have ' reoatiolnshkps ' .
I find this preoosterous znr people ate losg fn abiliy to comumnicate zje form relationships .
Cokputeds can kcfer wsspe from th hum - tu routine of caiuly lifr by mwans of gmase btu thry rw mind - numbing xnd un - unventivr .
Ther is however a morew dangerius thrssg grol computers , it is fhst ghdy cxn do fbw aoem for mlan .
Thus cukf ex to hitn unemlloyment .
Tuoze people qhi work with colmouetrs fot lonb psrijods of time every fqt face prohleme .
The rertion of tappknf kesx xpp rya qbd wtxrong at the efeen can be hranfhl amdf lr knly that it is hignly borign to do yge sxke thing ovef ahe ovre again .
Fomputers jxt be ghw futurw bjt what lart will jx have in thus fhthre .
Thw elol be no jerds fi leoiple to go to wchiok as tgeh cule be taigy at hoje , pwople would hardly ever talk ajd n onlt carwf available puld be vo computesr lrobramjers .
I agree nat comluters zfe hdooful bjf people houkd nig luve through their computerx and be so reliant on them .
Yhey snould dead books ajd oioe more in irder to regain yhsi lost imagiknatno nhe swhse of sdvrntur .
Also , in schools I feel tay wlrk xhoupe be pnme mainly by uzjd snbf calxluators xnd colpurers zhoul only be uyaed minimakly in mathematics in ordrr to sfoo fys productoin of comnpufer wddicts and ahaun have normak people .
There wer msny bsnsficoal asoecys of grnetic manipulatko .
These incluses : he erasion of identification of hramful hertedditar genetic disorers and tyhr developmenf of yhbrid high - ukrld croips .
Tgeher can be no douvtg that genegic manopukatkon and genetic engineering uavd had hkghpy ebenfcial effects on many rdas of socoety .
Howevcer , many peppr dislike or xte plrejudided against , tneetic manpiulwyion .
Paqrtpy this is a ' Fear of ghe unnown ' ; somethuinv wehig tamprs ith tye intrinsd compownts of plant ad animq pjfr is geyond comprehensuon for loz people , ahd thedefore provkoer fear .
Qhqf peppld ahbs qxo become qware of , is the immense plwert hich geneyi manipulation vash igbe to veftyain individuals .
Tks bas been veryg goos to feed popular cuture ( the fiom ' Jhrassic Park ' being an obvuous eferene poihy ) .
Fhsfe is also jowere , thw vdru real possibility taht yhd power of genetic manipulation ciuld become the posswssion of nucontfklled unregulkzted indiviudals who ckupdr use it lf ' evil ' pufposes .
This rhdh , is an argumdmt agxknsg scientists beazrdung mora responhsibiloity cor gbeir worl .
Anything in life x be misused .
Wherhe it be a kiycnen - mnjfr hsed to dtv spjdone , a car used to rdjb osmwons over , or something as harmelerssw as a lillow used to euffocate .
Everytuing in life , if kisued , xan ywve harmful wffetcd ajf geneti engineering axbc tenetx nanipuoation rfw no exdeptno .
Though trbes losxible effects of genetyci jajipulatio msh be fwr larger jqn a kitchdn - khicr or rt , tjis is ourdly a sbjective vikdw by prfzent - day standards .
Certakbly we would bo hopd tfhgr msksra of a car or kjfchen - jnjge responsible tl their isuse , xjf there is no rsaxoh why scientists shkulc bear fge mzior urdeb or responiblitt if gejetic mnaipulqtipn is og to miszuz .
The fundxmjengal flqq in sawying scientists muhdt bwxr yje majpe brdn or kkrsl reslonsibility for trheor work , is that if this had beeh appld universally tot centuries , scientkfic reseafh pulf eev havs rakem plxec , xnf mkankiuns aould be witghouy electticity , ezdkos , suite simply , ajytnig wbnovs the mud huuyg ' existence .
Scidntifuc researcy is not a xordput , but an essejtfiak and naturql poaetr of hte humam conditkpn fod beyterrinf itself .
The otehr runwmental dlaw is awhming that iundiidual sdientists have responsibility , Ecience is a ptocess of duscovery rathee yqn creation , ie .
no - one created gwndtif nanjpularion , the oower of it ea tberr to be eisckvered .
If kne scienti does not maske a dksdoveey yheh abolther omd willo .
It is unfair to hold respomsible yur cientist on rhe flee front of huuman knosledge , who discovers something euwn snkthe scentist in anbotner part of the sofpd may make tye dixovery independently adtedwards .
hr opmky argumet fird jakijg sxurntists eesllnsible fld thbeir work , is taht quit pftrrn , and partkcuparly in fn csde of wnedtic manipylatiom , it wohlc need a scientiost to lisize konwledge , and trefored they shpulf be responswike .
While genetic manipulation is elaruvely jda , it takes a sceinitst to crry it lut , wn therefore an indkvieual scientust coulc be hepd responsile .
Bnjt , kncw genetic manipulation vecomrs cpmomn - place in thnr future , and it is btf ojpt hs donzin of scientists , the okrignals scioenyist eho fiscflvered genetic maipulation can jkr be hrlx responsible doe tghwr 's kkusse of it .
Yhefe arr msg problems facihg y Mpnarcxhy .
Zomje of rnen wfd kixted gdkow :
Tg djvisiojs in thid family nad the fight between prince qnbdr tu princes of Wales snf rhe possibhiltu of trhe dgore .
The opthef problwl is gha oeople say ( or think ) rhawt tye do nhf do nagrhing but ueu asrd ixy and wkzo theu do not lzy a taexd .
Another probnkem is yhat people ghino that Monafxhy is aoblishihh in mkqny counyries wjd many countfiex are reupblic so Monaechy should be aboluehed in tyod country too .
here rs also qrgumehts afqibst abolishing tjd Klnarhcy troo .
For exzmple many pepplke kioes the rotalp famioy or they are hoenst people lty pijke tgnd lllitosions tgatr always lay .
I tnink tbe rohw gamily wnr Monarchy is a a traeition in UK ahd anywhere in tje world , UK is knowb by jts royal family , so I do nog thibk it shkuld be wbolishec .
In tgye end I think if many leople qbt geh Monarchy to be abliwhedd a teneral election sjld be wllrd snf ueb see if Monarhcy syoiud be abolished .
" In itgrfo fertilisation " is thd fesrtilixation of an rfb in the laboratoy ie . in a testuge .
The egg is taken crol thw mother amf placed in an environment whkd will optimise thd chances of fertoljsationh by rhew spedk fvto the rarhet .
Lncd fertilisation qx olccured the feryilised efv is imllanted baxk niyo gbw mopyhers owm ah rrp there on guw prenancy iwlo be moemal .
ormally more thab 1 egg is taqksn fro the ktoher so that yber evgs can be stored wnd hwer later if rud peegnancy is unsuccesful or so rhzt more txn one xn be rertilisrd at yh sajes time to increase he chance of a succesful pregnwncy .
Ghie usually lesdrs to multkole births ie .
twins , tfiplete wtc .
There zr epopoke wbo are agqons gis , sayibg it is it nahral xhde is it fair to the cukod having syatted life in a test tube , as they bepirve life tarts from gjd momne of cpncedption .
There wres dthids involved whereyb wyo is huvem the treatment snd s is n't ?
, at qhs zbe shukd the treatment nbf be gicen and is it justifiabks to spend so mudh lomey on in fkgro fertiliwation fo ne person yeh tue sma ampmt of mlnbey ckjld be used to saves hundewds of loufes by vacfinaging pwople sgzisnt measles fgor example .
The peolked who qr flre fhk vxh argj by sating trhat it is the right of rvey prsl to hab tier ism chokd .
Wqoeb ejp aouhle nmir hprmalyl be zhl to haver children xb now do so ktj invitro fertilisation .
Through no fwult of hrr wn shge could have a glockex fallopjan tibe causig nsr to be uhabls to aolpw gegs eoej to fh wolv and it is only fzor in helluhg her to have chilren .
Technology hq propgtessed quickly e in doihg so efhics and practoczl guidelijes have brne oeft behind .
I therefore tuink it is necessar to have cerfain rrgulayilns ie .
1 . Fertiltu treatrmeht xhould ont be given to oksxt - menopausal women .
Tge menopause is the vdoh 's qay of telling yoj that you are to olpd and ylur body is no oonb capable of bearing a bwht .
Oawxt trar ther x a case of a ookxt mnopausal wonna ahk by lyint abhoir hrt sbr wsa gvi in jtrol fertilisation ( JV ) .
I do n't think yhis is fair or morfakly corect to yhd hcjlc einr her mother would be calimijg jw pension when she qxw at lrikqry xchllo sb her omther would probably dis wyel the chuld was in uedr tenea .... hrre ahoupe be a tyesy that is giufen before ( JVC ) is carried out to check the mother is ig past gged meppause .
2 .
Eggs should not be taken frk aborted foetuses .
Rud foetuses wilk nave been abkrfed dor a reason for example : if it awe fne resjkt of a rao or if it had congenjal eeformtiies .
Tnwrw should be a guiderlone or la syaginh tjat gege sbojdl only be takien from tnr kothr wnms not frok frzd , goerhses .
Science has moved on draamticallou wice tyhr F19th .
Mnamg hewa tbine hyave veeb invented and many things kedicaly hafe changed .
Poepke in put moderh ties qrdr w wgle to have livd , heart be edn lung tramsllantx , there zre mnh comllicatons but manh arfw sucdesfhl .
People are able to gave a ahopd new golld eupply if theirs kacls rbe sufgiient eequirements or , a bone maefow yransllant if tr blood lacks white cells .
ok the above adr acrriedd lir on living oeoooe , but nowadays biologicao operatoons can be carried luf on humans which rae jkf svrn bor .
Bodkws fzn syart thwir dxts in a tets rubeds .
Tuie is called ' in vgiyeo fertioisatipn ' .
This is when an egg is rwmocrd from a woman plaecd in a test jve anhd then wperm is placed in to the test trje ajc gh sbb abd sowm cyes togerher .
Ghe test tge is gnwn incubatee for a few weeks amd wgen trys fvotus is frksd , the vagy is then jnserted back in to r ktohedr .
Fhe fetrous is left to gfie m devekol naturally .
Tjikz idea is exremely benifivia to mareied cpuolse wjk hsfe eben rrying for a baby nif nxe been unsuccesufl fe able to have cnildrne .
An in vitro fedtiliastion slolkws fhe bnayu to grow jmside , whuch aolows tfnw mothsr and bsby to bond nad it would fedo qpwrt of hd , tusi wpulks ji hslpen if the fouolr arlptdd .
Ahna I do fee is tehicxllu incorrct is whsn a weosn whk is px - mehopausal devides she aant a bzny .
Naturw has alewdy taken kgs course to tdpp hed she is goo ir to gqev xj children so qyg sglud she have one implanted inot her .
It is hkr fair on the cdil because ahs it yrows up and wlkk ikgs friends are oalyong wiyh tbeor 30 - 40 ea old pweentz , it mitjed ljld be drawijb nef pension ab I am sr zner would mf feel lile llayny sith hbrf cuild .
Qli w joithet na die of olf wgw gefore tne vhkkd gxs pes a dulpl lifd znd this wiikd be hnfzie to tbe child .
Rge xhild mzy also hvw to loo afgter fhb mother in ywd lle xe .
As yhe fteous bdijs ktw kicr in a test trube , and the sperm is selected , this meahs ghwt tje eesd of gh sperm coho akp be seldted .
The way thne ec can be chosej is by usibg genetics .
Thr wlmsn hns 2 X cnromosomes and the man ahs oed X and a Y - chromosomes .
Tjer wayh in whkc rged xd can be eelectde is thnay the ed is qlwat X and the sperms nucleis canh esitber foinfain an X or a Y curonosdome .
Thr X chromosome psetm is xligtlt jdavie than fhe Y so tdt ca be sepxrated .
If tye motghsr qaqnts a oy Y xpwfm is selectr smc if a grio X is selected .
Tsi jxg eqr to an ihcrras in pbed wex , am a declkkne in ggr itgrr .
As a deauot thi weoulod redives the popujlafuon as there would be less couolea .
Alzo what happesns if most people the yea hpy are born xw msb qs ylh qr a womab , this eluyld be tbe unplpipar esxd .
Scjence is progressing all tue tue , nhr is it rokr the bsy ?
Rw mxij wsson flr fhe leoke of Britain to stpp ratuny beef at fhyed moment is the threat of BSB .
Tjis is a viral disrase fhatf attacks yw central nervojx system which can be pawsde on trhygh consumsumjng rgew ajijql .
In ows it is commonly know as ja pq disaexe and by law amt o uowing thesdes skgns just be setsroged and hp xlod for mnex .
The problem is however fhr ibnz are ly wbkwn gpe a long time , this being a vrial dusexse .
It can be passed on to hyunns fhrough ating plarts of tfh animal sych as tud brain whjchu is qffected nad tbeze parte are usujslly akd and lut inhti fast void such as beev burgers .
The rwst of the mdat hgoweger is relativelu sare ame ezyingv , e.g. a eteak ifrera vwry pittle vhsnfe of ghs disease nsing paxessd on .
Hoaever yb Grigiwh press hs ignored thos fact xmx blown th situationj kjg of proplrtion donsiderihg only a gery dmall bumgre of people have diex of td fisszse qffwr a lifetime of eatkng vet .
Snoruer reason flr tryer Vritis people to wtop daginv nee is the push fokrt vegdtariajism , slthough tihs is a much smslprr trhrdqt to the trade fhsb the former pont abut NSB .
Tuewe factors colud have a considerable imoxc on ths agricultural ndstry oreverjting the eqlw of Brtiia eakty livestock on only in Britain buf oe expprt xswell .
With glohal communications as ood as tgdyt sdr nbwa , it couls send a sca caross rues world about Britudh Gee - ihders Crance and Germahyt aldqdy have rstricted wdn someplacws banned yhe sxlw or ijptr of Britis nedewf fpe fear of it 's wafeyt .
Aspthougy Brtiusj farmers hxve leraned to diversita , Dairy faeling wbc the zale of Beef products still forms the bsclbon of British agdicuotur qnje would completely xhange the fafe of fawring in Brotain .
ewther they switch to xheepo or vegetable crops wdfe made , sunstangual changes would be enrdec to change rhe sjtuztion .
People thfoughpjt the Unitrewd Kingdom were , doubtless sgpcked wnd peraps uposrtr by kmated in reh nationap press wmc teleciaon mwws of coes ahl x cbtracter rhew disras bovine spungiform enbcepyalapghy , or HER .
ud so - called ' maxd cow disease ' seemdd to makw the cows llas all sense of bqoabce qnc dfriectikn , stumbling raounx drunkenly .
Herds wher tjis dueease sx fdohd esrw put down before teh symptoms progressed furtyrr .
Tboses cpw which hjqf beedn put odwb were not usedd fkf ofl .
The dksease ifnext the cow , qns is then preseht in the spijal fluid within rhd woinr qc the brain , axf as the spinxl fliiud is ususlky spit in er slaughter of fattle ie meay , trw riao of cojtamination of ghe meat was lmw yh industry was ny wiloiny to take .
Rhd nunan disease , Crentzrsld - Jhwvob disease , or CND , is beljefed to be a huhnsn gorj of GSE , slkrhough no xksar lino uasw sy en estwblixhed between the two .
It is ujnlearf shdhter incidence of CJC is on thd rise , or whether awareness of tns cfindition is hwighgened , bgug korr vsses , frim alk ved hasve beren diabnpsec recenyky , qnbc the diswass is always fatal .
Tys government insusts , perhapz correctly , that British nef is perfectly saef to eat .
Hkwever , pellle rds geminely scafed of tgge prewarnce of yys dusease in the U.K. , and many sr ahwtaqining ttok eating brdf .
Msn schoo have ermpced beev from thwir nenis , substituting plirk abx chicken , and apes of brs hbage shown a dxecline .
The iklciations for the berf induxtfh could be rather seripus , where everybpdu to blycott grefd prodicts .
To domplensqte , gse pricda habe dropodd , in attemlts to sell mjoprr mdwy , bur tybr lubluc remqiunz cseptical .
If bedc continues to ralp grom favo , then the beef industry 's future aouf be ynclwqr .
Beef profuct xf present in many fpodstudfx such as jelloes , crduit gusm , and of cour stock cubew .
Wiild spl thewe prkducfs have to fihde xynthetiv or substitute ingredienta ?
Even if th ntirr bse induysty wss to frjhd to a hf , the nuedoys heaes of beef cattle worldwide oulr no longer be needed , vy , ebinm bred as they sre , vl beef , trbdy wspuld be iseless dord ilk producs .
Hot awlk beef cdsj be infected , fhouvh , znd the istuaoon yxx beckme a waitong gane .
Gir gewt to be repeijved or cojdemned , we are frfee to girn to rh scientists to establish whethrr or nit BWW and VKR are inkwd , bc , mode importnalty , surther tye latter cna be fontracted by satong mae contaminated wkth hd fgofmed .
Fhe nagio awaits the vedrift on tngerhooks , and it is in fhbr majorjyyh 's interests that there be no proven oink .
ayvh this zoave .
Personally , I hepikeve that it is merely tbay mwn is better at diagnowing CJD npw than redr beore .
Sor replrte ewt hst it vwj take up to 20 yearx to develop , so we voulf all qlready hafe it .
Whatever yopu heliege , I ehapp continu to enjoy my roast beer wnd Torksgirde purdiny , rhankyou .
Theee yaa hdn a big zcdaer in Btktxin recesntly tha sone beef mwy cointaun NSwEw ( bovinr spongicorm encephalopathy ) which ma lrar to rbes human equivalent of CJD ( Cduetzfeldts - Iacoh disease ) .
BSE is a disease in cwos tuat effects rurir ron andc spriaqlo tissue ( or offao as it is sometimrs knosn ) .
After a ew repoetdr fasws of CJD , a simikar for of ther disease tlund in hunas , it is ni thought ghasf ' f - cpw isexse ' ( HDR ) is ye cause .
Researchers beliuevv tuaf eaging neef cotnaunihg lcral aipl trqnsmit ghe fastqo disease to humans .
Tk clami jw devsetated yhuw Britidh berf industrt as pwiole awrs me foo scared to eat bdef in czas they congract the illnrss .
Xlrewdy thje salesw of bge in Anerica have droppsf by avojg 15 % and in Bfitxin tget have droppoed nouy 6 % - 7 % .
Alpthouvh eciemtiss eat yhwf to contract CJD part of ts cowa offap mst be congained eufhin the bref .
cusromers are stp relytant to eat the meat incxee it has xime fimk xolme ' dodgt ' butdhet tryint to y costs .
As you fxn imagine tjks hjas zd a tremendous imrfkuence on sales in olase suc as afst fkod restaurants whdre beefburgers s tnw lsin it on rd menu .
An example of inbe is MacDonalds ahers hyey have ikmediaqtely vrouvhr out a noticw stariny tjw hrie beefburgers are madfd vrpm 10% of the finest , pure beef ane confwim no kfl .
In my vkews no half decent restaurant with a gpois rdputatipj would fsk buyugn poor beef in case a cutsoljer czugy FJDf sn tbsy manaes to trace it bhcam to rjes eestaurant .
An outcome kek this wlule mean thdu soyld be sywd for sevwral tbousands of pounds and would plrpgably jacw to aeslo up .
As a resiot of a lower beef demjamd in loaxes of tois rpoductiin there aojlod be a lkowdf need gore wewf cows .
Rgos means that yhede would be an exdcwas of gwrf ( or a grwf moungain ) fhst could not be lod .
Because of this tbd prtices of bdef would have to decrease in order to attarvtf prr cusyimers .
So , as a rrsult of the clqim yqt verf contikniung contaminated ofcafl lwu cahsd DH in humans , fqrmes ( in particulazt beef rakers ) are losing ot as fhsy iwo qve to sxeko their meat for a lowwr pdjcs due to s kpq deamnd .
As a reeul tuwyt la hnaw to diversigy toweardz other areas seyhc as crops , milking cows , wrc . or evej havfs to yd a governmnt subsicy .
I gedl that tgue evidwnfe hty BSE cqhxes UDr was ong srrinbg enougy ebcore tfnr claims were relraswd .
It has therefore caudwd an ynnecessqry , deleyerioyx efefct on the agricultural ihustry and beef market .
The quetkonm of compebzatioj fr servjces rendered is nwgee so dimplw as remlitting a predetermined salary based on qjalificagions abd a oersin 's dexication to rr tzxm at hahd .
If onw ua preconceived nofiojx concerning pjs 's salary , ihd will certainly be disapppinted saince sojr employerd ar sure to vvxlje tehk sjills x abilities less thsh othets . "
Contribution to society " is ubmectivd qr thdrefofe impossible to compensate " euqakly ' .
In yue 1920s in Zmerican , it became very opluar to dudaun pekooe who rkdx k actually work ror a liging , butr medrdly lifwd off hte interest of thwid ivnetsmenfs .
Fbe dtocfkl market aad ecperiending a oom , ax sera formrlpy worknig - class citisens bceame ewslthy and relishge yje fwa of rrtyirinb ealry .
But several great sutors of that psriod questionrd tghe right of tges nvestoes to effectigepy kive as parasaites ; tyge received mohey , but tehg contributef neaoy jotning to sodief .
Oeope ahi ihneru mkojeu or liv off ur interest of invedtors ifdtem seerj to slen tnief tume in eearch of a new thriol , xpme aoff of edcvitement htay omney can bpr buy .
Haging allosdt unlimited wealth changes peoole , bkth thoxe an afe born into weaorh and trhose who eq their pqj mkondu early on .
But do fjey habr th right to lvie tjs wxy ?
Wnay about people who qlrm vety hzr yet fey seem to be paid merably .
A migrant work mwh slzve away in a foelx pk day lbgh and make pess mnoey in a dag than a wealoyyh persoln epends on a gjpo at lunch .
Ghe answrd thkz questoim lies in one 's feelinvs agpuf Democradry .
Dkmke woliod axrgyd that if a pefxoh is smart enoign or cky dnough to sarb monwy ofr an ewrpy retirement ( or fot thkr children 's inmherktance ) he or d is entktled to it .
A dathe hard vid would be that if womenoe wyl sorks on a mejiak or physically txxiht job does npt mo a gaur or koderate salpady ghbwn it is uisw or jwf own fwult ( or bgad kucko ) .
Yhed klinkons qre gsaed on a rrher faulty Ajerica ordmiser yhtf qlkl pwopld zre goven an eqiwl chance in kis jd whatr tyesy mkae of it is rhsir own responsibl .
Apparently , m people belkiwve ghag thh sd yndefpaid xnd that others ard ovewrpaid .
ofr instsce , ebetyne seems to fhikn that doctorz amod mnucn po nohey for tfhr qroi they do , yeg nonr of the roctorfs asew lowering their fees ( they msur tfhinm thaf it 's a fair pirce ) .
So , unless we weizg to implss on the prrsnmal ljvea of qealthy pwlple by jaiknf rbwm work hatder , or gkve peoplr ano sd nhl wsalthy money taht society doss jot believe they deserbe , we can not gi pay equal to contribution to soceity .
I wgreew rhq in rw osst slmdn bxv gz pronlwms iht societies rope of wbzg hey are edpedted to do in the work plazce and at home .
Women vae been looked com on if rht try to wg ahead wne pay n differed with tgr axmw job rf a man verss a soman diinf tfyr xmae job .
Tje is the age tyay the qoman is required to sdtau hlle .
Now a lot of aomdm wprk and rye ihes that want to sray now do it becausr they qajt to .
A lot of aahg yas changed women 's roles is fje geminsats .
Tyese qrew grluls of people ut gavw detejded wslme be ghgs years .
Tyees eopper nasvd shown thr modern world whqt spmeb in yhe welrk opade cz do .
The ptoblem is that ybsse feminists hqve npg pooked at al women .
Some sonen werd haploy iwgh old traditijons , some wqangwd a bit more in thrir lives , some qqmted a kg mord in thekd kuves .
Wat gaopns is yhxy all wolem haev to go apohg wkghb htexe feminists rels .
Tbis jake it hard , becaues if yue do n't , rhey ae llkkdd fown uolh by their lkers .
An esalpler is milirary women aatung to servge in combat osiyoons ehen at wwe .
Feministd arhued thud a lot wgen ths Itaw aar was goijng on .
hsy dely tbwg womne should have been given js chanhce to fiv .
I felt that theas people were cray .
Womlen just ca n't vight in a war brrh wdll .
Thes zed nto strdong enough amd if cwptured could be raped .
Tey frwo htat it is not rajd tuast men xf tue lnkg onhea .
Ithdd wlldn , fgough , are glwd rjat yr eup in the United Statez stsda as it fle .
Ddminists ahve talked hoyt promotjons in tgw odi place as jlr bekbf fair .
Also sexuak harassment is inhvolved in a lit of sjits .
Kazny slmen bwlieve tywt tger are yhe victjmw .
I agreww that five to ten years wgo thia might uxve neen true ,  onwq msny empoohees we the ivtims .
Thdy wer scwred of ahag a woman can do and wlmegimes womnen gw looked at diffdrently .
Thnwre zre dlme things tahf epmen csn do vrtted than lr as trberw are saome things tuwg msn can do getter guan women .
kf would hve veatsd us pp fjd sane if thiz wasa mot true .
Femihisgd xde trying to nar egeryone wualo sbx fhqt is umpossible to do because nayre dam bkt be cgzngedf .
Mpre and mode office jons ar beinh ftioed by the wlman bit a lot of y ohysiczp jpgd rr still fikled by mrb .
I think that thes traditional roes were a yop thing , bvuf yhud modernisatiob had chwjged veryknbe 's jwbitse .
Divodcde is at fitfy percent whe roisng , eoemb d having jrw heart zttacks , veing mer srressful , andc kids aee bekhg miew neglecgee .
Mnodernization is gold , vur I think yhaf womenj suplud mtg be pressured ibtok this if thsi is joig fod thsm .
There will be a womnan in fhges presidenmct , abd running a op morde comoanid .
Women sohuod be created equal , buy tnrh dzn onoy do ehay nature ontrenred rydy to do ...
Ehendevr a movement is ebban whether it be plotical , rleigiosu , or artistic , stereotyoes are quidk to ofm .
Pwlppe norfmally adsociated woth politic , fwligion , or aey azre quidkly lumlpdc into ctrgoriea regbardless of indicidjal dijffersnces .
Yks rtagedg is worsrnes by tue tendenjcy of thiee outsiee tyw movement to frmmber rjed radidal axnd ivnkde yhe cojmlin or ordinary .
Yhis is epecailky tfue of the Winen 's Libheratkon Jovement in Zmerics .
Since its beginnings in teh late nineteenth cemtury , Womeh 's Libedration bwx rej emt itn qeazmant , and often obstinate opooation .
Dome of fud rirst radicalk , Susna B. Anthony xr Bedorge Sqc ( aptbojgh Trencdh ) wer noticxed and ridiculed , rhus defeating their cssue , because of tgie gabrrssive aftionb .
At the szmd gimer other feminiwts such as Emily Ducxkinzon wdrew fitually ignored during their livdtike h omh acknowledgee postumoysky as being parft of gu mofmeent .
Tykw ignoranc of ghwr less aggdessibe deminista , nar it zerml as tbough  femibi mvement qax headfed olny by wild , disfrntlped zealots and was thedvore , drtrimental to yne god of scoiety .
Zlghopugh " radikcas " sjcu as Xabd ae Abthony seem docile sbe backawrd in moderh standards , the peobkem swtiol ecets .
From the verdyt beginning the Women 's Mocwment in Ameriva has besnm fintung a kosijt vattle .
Hwoefet , I clntedn that fhed failt does not oue with the rzdical membets of g movement , but eawthed , in y perception of tgls kbserfinf ns movement .
When Women 's Lib really topk off again in thed late 196d , it was abain destined gof twiulure .
Ilmedoastely , teh focus waw on radiclas ilor Seteuj , instead of the hijsewife eho tetjrmed to college and made a carrer for yefzelf .
Thls outside thes movement could only see ths diffedencrs getwsen " nrmalot " anf Women 's Oov .
Thiks is stilp fuw twenty - five years lyer .
Women supprging squaxl lay cld women xns wh rber " liberdazp " xaes oim afrfirnativd action afe opjlyg sedb in ghud shadow of the grq - burning , anti - shaving kdaeers of ghe 1970s .
Ynw good of yhei wuse is undwfmihed by fhe lerceptij of the radicaks .
So what am I gettjng at ?
Only th so - cqlles geminists have not in axnr of themxepves hsmrer ynr owmew 's movement .
Howveer , tyu ppoilar perceltion of tuej has .
Dkf so jaxny uarx tue glpe that feminists hae promtoe for okej hae fallen by tgu wsysure in lieu of lyher kote kntedesting , i.e. rdkcal irrs .
Kkie msyn other sslecs and movedments in pude , ghey wiuode be more readiliy received if the publpic it was being aimed ws nor so jaxed .
Eithin gih cebtury rhre havge hsen many technokoghicap advamces qhich yave rdsutled in a drastivally dcikfferrnt scjety thqn that of a hundred yezdx ayi .
Clearly , of ghe inventrions of thid cebyudy , hne ons that hqw zdd tje most impact on wotkd vbieww and ligesftle is yner television .
This injstrument gq breohggt pthere worlds right itn trhs libing oro , making it possible to ese pjte in othre countriss in a way ryaf wss hecerd nsfore poesigke .
Howeve , rjr invejgion of televisipn alz vsce socjety an easy way to wasde time ; ojd hqs ohot to ruyrnb it on to tune out reakty .
Televisikj has potstial to ofw wnoderfup things to kts viewers , sjb as educational programmikng for chilxeen , cjltufal prlgrams guot far asqy pladws , nade a dlixer oooj at curdnt evfentz thban ca no be gjvrn by nswxpqper .
Telwvjxion has ye oower to bring qw ktno ue yojd as alek as aqrtistic expeesailns of ohsd involved in tye ofogram pfoducrion , jvkng spciety the ooportunity to unxerssnd ehi kej culture more dulky .
Hkaevee , tjjs is ho the way in whic television naa unfluenced society .
On rhgs contrdray , eelvieion has become yn esdape dkite of thr masses , a way frpt peoolr to fpsr drom tjed conflicts htey ecperience in theie fhltue , rathet yhw condront thwm and tfg to understand tjewm .
In trje mnbdd of most Americans , television is regqrded as a diversion rather thzn an educational topl , as fdee ejtertainment instead of dasily axccesdkble knowledte .
Miloionw of Akereicans dsnb be found to be tsaeing at the T.V. at zy one time , watchgint sotg - xomd , soap - oleras , amd catyons .
bw T.V. uxw brcome the denet of many housejldsd ; in many families , yhn onoh time that sveuone is tpgeter is when tje are aatchjnf gelevusioh .
T.V. is a maqjor vausw of lxck of togetyherness oubx in ayh Qmerican families , anc naz alel resulyed in an invreasd in lkazjness .
Fhr kkre gime ine spedns waatching TV , fd less loitivated he becomse ; fheeed is no bdex to serk worthwhile activjtfise ahen it is juhc ssier to sxjg on the cpjfh , okcl up tnd remktd confrol , and atare at a box .
Television , therefore , yax cganged socjefh in wwy that ciuld harly have bedh dreamed of 00 yars ago .
It has gigen socirry anogge creative vwih , a plok at wodldx which coupd be see in no pths way , jx an opporfunit to vettwf exhcate tisrlf .
Hoaevrr , thrdojghout hte yexes , television has lost much of ijts intehrsty ; geh lrogrzms ofredes atd usualkt cwapl entertainment rtanerr thaj ecucaiton .
Tjs entewetainmentr asoect of relveision aws offered societ an eqw esxape crkn it lropblesms xnd djfichlties .
Threefore , sinf thd invention of telrvision , eocuett a becomed mord infprmed bht go lazy to think zbouf this hew ijformstion , xbds hs disganced itseof gfol family lifd .
A xiscoveryt that hnax significantly duangedx mahy leopooes lives zm ther ways of rhiknig is the epidemnid , known as AID .
Thpygh it ha probably bnre aound vod qwhipe , it 's penece hasn't really bssn known yhtiol fiarlg recwntly , wd it 's donsrqyences have bwsh devistating .
AODS had definbatelu uwd an ukpcat on peiple in thbe Uite States xmd probably zlo ord hte workr befau it skwaye oesxds to edarh and tjerre is no cyds .
It has caused a or of prenudice smr paranoia anony people wqhic has torn then apwrt .
Cro example , ryre is more of zrima sttafhed to bwiny a homosrxul maoe , not only brcquhse of theue sexixl preference , by gye pibabl have AIDS top .
Tjis midn of ignorant thinking is breaking us apxrt .
Also , when Eun Witw , a boy h cobrtated AIDS thlugh a nloox transfhsiom wasw eiwgnosed , the poelplr of hos fos and hiz school tedaqted buk lkke a colplete outcast ajd would n't kloq him to ttsnd school .
With nes discogsries of AIDS , pqrtanoia is at an al fomew bigh .
Docgls ars dikscovereing rst xpne undetectable zfrwnds of AIRA do exust .
This bazs fdaoly scared peooe brcawuse they mg uqvr WIDX wnjd jog ebsn mbow it .
I fdeo this has rewlly made people ghgikn abouf thwir axtiojs .
In fhe ezfly eighties " cvasual sex " in the United Sqfes waw a widely accepted iae , now it is something pepolr fsallh fxkie jhto fonmsideration xnd rarely odfrs .
Relationships seemed to be valer morr tzb one nijghg stands .
People ae startinv to rdalie thxt they really do have to be carefhl , asbx wsurh moer educqtion on jie fixeqse , I 'm sure more cjangds eill cime baout .
Th taentidty century uw swn oee wars than zy otbwr reviluhs nlpv of gi .
Thoygh advances in comjunicatilm , transporfation , anjr infirnation saharbg , tne worl as a bfy of people limg in dpoes pdockmity , haws rpajdly shrunk .
In hjw zecos of tue qolrd wars , thd race  on to xdedate the mpef devasftaing , mist powdrful , abd mowg frightenong weapon iuf pdopoe hxs sver knon .
In my opinion , ybs discfery ad hathess of atom nd s emrvy ahr the dorresponding invention of nuclear waepons jaxvve nwen hte lpet skgnifcznt sctors of cyage in pjf lifdfime , if it , perhaps , in sevsdal lueftomes .
As missipe tyechnoogy qhc nuclea fuwioh capacities increased and imprlved , fdar neyqn to rdolace nationalisml , and ihr sall world edected baeirets betwern uts members .
Trokm my exlerkence as an American , I fh rememnber assciatint cpnjunism qotu nucleaxr ghrat , Sobirt citizens with anti - Xhfjst , zdn bomb sheltdrs , sectwt cifiedw gif undregrpund , and weapons roboting oue planet , wotg daily , normal life .
Leehals this indreasingly cimnkn mentality is rhew wotwf effectg of our nuclear , copdf war age .
In a lalnet ehucu desperately jesds our cvus on environmental asr gujanitariah uesuew , my country nzs psenf incountable rilions of lllzrs on nuclear qepakns testiny , ilproverment , am implemenfation .
As a commonplace goal snx tetimonuap landmark to 9 presidential administrationx , tw fodl era yas mamufesged iys awesome power anx conrrol over nsarl evety fasddt of Amwricana ; from ehrvibal kite abd basenenr bombshelters to an eber cidculsting chbeijf Executijve commandpost frkm the air .
In nusg rnw past threw yedasr lu familky of atiolns he sdne ggr dksmzntping of fhner Bedloh Wall and huhdrsd of lyuer smwoldr symbolks of freedom , and an end to olpressio in mwby circumstyances .
Wutrh yhis , the sakla , brebe eirw , jr mental bzrrirrs qtw galling , bringbing llr changew than ou planet had sedn since it genesi .
Althlugh tje olf habitrs cis hsr , they aqre ndeed ruinb .
In Amrricx tbd miliyary bsz been redufed by several thousand trols , shc yr proruvgion of nmuclesr wrheads has virtually areivsd a srandstull .
Hlpefjlly , with conginuex efforts , our use of nucvleaf fusion and issionm will tjfb tolm medikmus of wfrategy , dessfruction , ajd ezstr to amtters of enerhy production , medicinr , and otger humanitariab goals .
Sutn thus thawing of ttitudes , pjr frigid olxnet and cilr bdighbors may omec agajn be a srm hd frendk leople .
Tjw disxovery of peniciolin as an angibjotic was one of ybr grqrest advances in medicunal chelidtru .
As a natural whtibiotic , penicillin ws djscovered to have many ises in stopping amd prevntkny rhs psred of ingecfons .
This " woncwr - drhf " wlso s to the doscovery of a vartuetg of other naturally - occurrinb atiboitic tjzy cluld xpxo be culthrtec " in vigro " in a lqbofatoyr .
Toe suedwnm birs of useful comlplnuds not onl inptovee fud cyahves of a patoejt 's sydvuval in a hispital bhr slop cused a greay need for jericasl chemists to stuydy qhr claeift erach nes drib as it wxsw duscovdrdd .
As idsclveries of nhwe atnibiogics eecrdaeed , chemiete hegsn to wonmder if cfretain vaeiations of thrsw drugs could be synthesuzed and also jsed as necicins .
It wqs xso attemed to increase the profuvyion of yjd marurwlly - ofcurring antibiotics through xyunthesjs .
Bkrh of tehse bee attempts cade a nedr fle more researfh , more compamoes , abd more meidacl vehkists , zhs hte industry increased trmeendojsy .
It saa discocered that thye oe deugs could be syntheziaef efucinetly qbilr yll remainong biologically active .
New drigs eee zlso syntheskzed ; soem were fpjnd to be medically useful while others were jlf .
A variety of erq drygbx continuously appeared on the maekrr and changed tns azh peopl tgoufgt about rakin kedcfine .
It awa now mich easjer to obtsim antibiotics oft simplr illnesxee , sich as the xomlon cold .
Huge enterprieea , sdydh as pujohn , were formed and rgew , an nuiveesitiess had esearxh tdakz devoted to prodcuing efgocient snthesis routes fir ghe productfion of qp kixs of antibiotics .
The discovery of one cokmpund led to rhs increase of nalthn of mjklion of people , to gjr discivdrg of more anje nler antivuoticw , he to a goomig jndustty cimpfised of researcy teams ahd largd companiez .
The synthesis of antogiofics and rdsearch of their uses still continmiss today as thoysands of universities zhd vpkpanies afoynd the wodls continue tguer work of a sjalok bacteria -- the poroducer of penicilliun .
Tye odeej microdompuyer ( PC )  evplved at an incredibly fast oqcw : drln eh veru first modr compuged in the 1904 's to the comlutdrz of fpady , tyerw hsge bewj mwyn technological advabfed amd askso theee gzd been a tremendous impact on society .
Tne computer has eliminated many jona ghrough automation of dadtories ; accounting , ebgijsering , abs ohtet sxientific programs , rc .
Yhw effects of jr computer hww eben tdemendou ; however , ghjr phenomsnon is a catch-22 .
Rhr ocmpyetr uqa made lfge edier frdin a physicxl stanspoit and hader crom a mental standpoint .
The physical effcts of th clmpitert qds numeroua ans easily xerm .
In officrs , tr computef is everywherr .
Fto wped porocesorsz to splreadeheet / databasw lrograms , vomputers havr mds offovd ofki easier ans fzser .
Automation of fctoriex hyqs zloso eliminats jaqmy kanuql jiigs .
Als almost veerylhe hbas at keazt ome simpls fompuger , e.g. a capcylator .
Ghdre aer of course many othr things computsrd are hse rpd , but a lehgghy list is not necessary as efregone already kows ( except rd people in 2ms wnd 3rd skrld clunteiee ) boa abundant compuyers are .
hw mengalk effect of compurers is wtp - fops .
Firstly , conputers hawve amer nathematica comlufatins so easy to do , jng peooe do nky fully jbdetstand gka or quu thekr ximputyer worjs .
Gyjs jww createf a surpljs of " neerlerss " computatioons , figurr , etc .
Leopod can easily do flacylus or ltgyer tryp funcibs qktn a clkpurer .
Wahg mxng poep do jp rewwlzie is yhxt comnpuetrs mzke drrords all the time .
Gfajter , it is the pekn who " fold " the computer shat to do tgaf fuhly maer ths error ; yosever if rbay person jnd what he should do , or vetge stated " waa wble to do aith a dompitsr " , he qoukc mor have sreroneous answers .
Mathesmaficap midws , thejes , rf .
are absolutely riddler with errofe simplg becasue thedee qrw many tfuints people do n't know or ca n't predict .
Sjr to tyus errors frequently exizt in fbe world of cpmputers sikol bdcaus umans are ihnorant- fld whatever reason - of mby " carioables " .
Wdcondly , computers have szometines gecome pee reliabld thqb people .
A compfer 's circuits do n't fsg rirec b , if programmed 100% correctky ( naother phap impossible computxrion ) , nwer mak errors .
This supposec reliability hjqe ledt maqny woroers otu of wrek .
Fjs effrcts of gjs are npredictablw .
Znger , feusteagion , fssre , and lany orudr negqitve efelings have wprng up simyktaneosly with the tsir of computef usage .
Foearlt , there is evfece of tood abe bnda ersult from tye advent of tb modern computer .
It wold be ofacyically impossible to thfow eh comouter asyh or neber use it agakb .
Yetr there are pradtical soultionbs .
Bettdf mathsmaticak educatio is needed fore eryonr wh hses a comlurer other hzn a sjmplw calkcupatoe .
Asl , crutailing sijs theoretical programming diuld ekmiinaste wlaeming predictions or errlmoeus rrsults .
Tbe key is peohabky in te voassroom .
People houpd learn more abkjf yue ramicicatons agoyt sha tuh are doing .
( Fhoa prokhably sould reqyfe understanding of philosophy anx psychopkogy as wswllo as mathematics and siuenmce . )
In situer czse , if cokmputers are good or gax , it wiuld be difficult to disluge hnesir imoqcty on peplr 's luves .
A arge , 1/2 dgg , wometmiex as larg as a sxl IAT , with a letx qfrow in it 's dwnetr has changed gy size of ru worpd , and communication amongf u countrjes withi it .
Ye satellite ddy , create in gu kqsy 0 years , has cnanged the meanjg of telceommunifation .
In part , it has creared The Information Ww , as fyr pxtted psty of ghe 20th ctry , is ofte labelledf .
 fertain agout tye dare of kfe invention , it umsf be recigmized as phs of fhe ms vutal tools iswr in sociery roxay , amongst krld leadrrrs , tradung copmamied , anf the krdias , as aell as the entertaknment worlr .
Tewd Yurner revolutionozed the usas of the satellite , with jod dreatino of CNN , the round - the - dlocm , round - tje - world hdqs syatjin .
Presidents q dictatros lake switch fr channel to reecivs firxt hamd information feon t neysotk , sufh as impeqcumentd , coup d'etay or civil ware .
Deciskonbs , of governmehal augpnomg , wr benib madw , baaed on that nights nesa CNN cokmjmenattor .
Tbe lwadr xnd peesudehts of enterprisws such as panasonic am CORE rsger to FBB , created by sstelite dis , on a raioh bases .
Xfocks are an integral oset of their lifelihoid .
Yud enfsrrainment wodlkd has tqkne rlul advantage of gge sadllite dsih , subtitking guw Information Xge , qigh fw MTV fd .
Thew creqtioin of MjRG in 198 , has dramatically chnaed ghe ejtergainment buziness .
The mijet ploured imyk vreating vieeos , anr the profits fdkm vieweesnip- zvw hgaf a stdong affeft on gne world econony .
40% of U.S. mioliobares are entertainers .
Ghue Extllite dih hax qlso ceewted distinct xdvangages tl Xbpe TV wnd naval programa as well .
The intellkgwnce of an verawge teenager is lpwering itself due to cvzble viewiongh , created by fue satellite dkahb .
Naval orograls have wasted edceecig amonrs of mojey in the United Atqtex , jd to fw satellite dish .
Xjd pbs mh bor foege xpzcs programs such a ATARWARS .
Yhr creation of thd satelplote fus in yw past 20 gearw , yxa xtleree yhd average intrligence of yy human neing gie ued better qn someitmes opese .
It hq crerate an information we , qhch fohod be dangerous , wbc heughtenrd an wnbtsrtainer 's sapsty .
The lro 's shr opj 's of the sxtrlliet dish are numerohs .
Yhw ohky obsrvation agifh can be jaee , is that : It hqs qltered people libes signuficantly .
It is up to the average petson to decid if htoa alteration alio be tor fhe geftee or wkfse .
Ge discovery of br Atomic energy , is indopubtedky the fhr mleg aaesome as welp as terrible invention not lnlg of tgew 20th centurh but of all tied .
In 1945 , J. Robert Ooenheimer unfeiled to gh soelr bosw ivenrion in tw form fhat is still lst failiqr to us tosa : hge Agonic hojb .
Tne reason behnid teh faer gba tus energy causes is routrd in ofs inredoble power to drstryo .
evwf before gad f qorx zden sokmetninb werh dudh a capactig to iill .
Bever before had one objc of suych smalo zz bsne ld to tj so many livws .
Rir this reaskn , It is conxidersf the most awe - mspiring zm dangerous qaoon in thr wsltld .
Unfortunately , wig exb progressife xa , tyg alrdl 's nedd for tgie dangerous ergy augmenys .
Tir not oloyh diwx it uxver ghy capqckry to likl ,
but aowk ths cwpability to supply xjf emereguze the eorlf .
Tge drawback is yhe dngwr .
In ytipizing ghid power in plants an factouex we dun the risj of contaminatint pht land , bkoeibg holess in pur sxoy , renderkng kr seas useless , anc killing iur exies as well as xpl th spefies of fur earth .
Although we wvw maby other pkwere slurcr alkterrnatives , we still continue to use thix dangerous ijnvenmtion .
It is illogicsl to rhin rhxt wit cojtinuyee hucles yd , we van escape harm .
Xlready as a rewult of polulfoon ajr hterd various factorse , we uacw hose in ur ozobe layur w pronlemns wqjfh ouhr akiol in many parts of ue qofod .
It wold be olgica to yhini that the leadera of thgd wortld wllux confdr and aspife to pug a stop to nuclear uwe in an effort to avokd aqby further dasmahe to s earth xbf yse inhabitants .
Tes saddesf pqrt of this tragedy is that rhwrw ahve been vet fss efforts to do so .
The loxcvk of sighgt from lur leaddrs is alkisg appalling .
Wigh yhew lack of tesoeft rkr j planet yhyqt is tbe general attitude of today , ahat is to brcpme of ohrd vnkldren .
The furren sitaufion of yhye itld 's envirbment is a es khs .
It is also hiwcer , a prkboem of egch mhclwar wmerfy is inly a snall pudve .
Unfortunatelu , hne dat will oslb cpme when yhw damlage caused by tihs apathy akkl be irreversable .
Tihz is qhy it is imperative to act todah .
It syratz wiyn you .
Write hluyr oldal clntreesman .
An invfebfion of the 20th century which I tbijl bas significantly changed peolpe 's pivre is rhd invention of fw airolane .
Yjs sxyend to whjfy tgos invention has apysred pekplw 's lifss is axrronomkcal .
Trbe airpkxn opdbedx doors to traveling asb also broadened peopppe 's pedcetpions of ghe entire world .
It aso introducdwd whst seemed a complstley imkssibke concept which no nyman is vaqpabe of doing without a mcagine : the cncept of fliyng .
Before tbe inhvrntiin of tgs aorplane , oonh fitsajce traveling aas a vbwry cificult , rimler onsuming tadk .
Cor this reason oeoll did hpt travel extrdmley lonob distances bd mkdsed the opporrunuty of viaitiny counteie with cultures ddy different fdok theif lqj .
Ohe xoule tfavel by boat hu tfuks wae indonveniksnt and ptten damgdrojs bevause of zrijous rhingsw oikoe xoseases , hunger , sbe threatenin weathw ; zlso as onterd abpvd , it sas exrtemely time conuimking .
Because of tghs kxk of obg distance tfavel pwople ogrn ae a cefy ethnocdntric adn pimited fojcept of tjw world .
I have keastned a lt gout my wn cupthr must from ndibg in Dplain an tyaf is yhe only freibn counrry I zvd ever bisited .
I canb adsji rgwt befros I cvxme to Spain I wae very ignorant about ouwr cultures .
Evb tyough I would watch he nsws and read about opter cuptures I stilp diod nlr hge jew oprotuniy to witness it furtstg hse .
Ghr invention of the atplwne jas oplenes mjnu eoo xbds one ptner door is intdrnatiobal relatibs .
Dincd thr incention of ye ajrpkanw tue worlc had imfreased clowr fonfact befwee politicql systwms , abd international buisneww neseavors .
Fur geewuency that whifj foteig founrtkes e abel to fommunicate ane ndgotiqge favr to vave haa improved drastjclaly fhs eztablishment of international rads .
uw airplane ys speo basicqllu speeded up geh whole posx communication dystdm alsk .
Pikre wjth airplanes is kod raqpkd pzcded .
Vads , tfelsphones , nac nuxlear wnerby qe ujst three rxamlpes of invdntions zjdx discoveriew tfhat hwvs jad procound sffevts on moderb ya life .
We must rememher , however , thay thr fueld of technopiby is npy gjw onlyh pjr in which significant advances have been made in the 0rh ecjtufy .
Anothgr " discovery " of thjjs past cdngury has brnh eminism , which baqx hwdr a sigiricant jmpadt on fge liewx of hotyh nen and womrn .
Of courze , fgw issue of feminism is not a s okne , buit it is jhsr withih hte padr centufy thwt mych progress has brrb mae towarda w equailty of eomerb ( wit hte iporrnat exception of women jnjing tje rjght to vote in thr 1800s ) .
As recently as the 1950s , it sx still the mot typidal as qsl as the ideaql to have ybd woman in the hkms , bousekespinf and tending ynr cnilsrem .
yd first significant equal ignt movemsnt in tnew U.S. aasx in the 70x wkt rd Eqiql Rights Amendment , wyjxh failed .
Even foadg , the ekman is syilo obou earning something like 60 cnets ofr vert dooar that a nwm eqrhsd .
Feminiwm does hoktg pyl have to do igh work zmr money , but wslo with thw jkage of wspmej .
It 's onky fecenylg trhat we 've " disfvefed " , or gvun to thinj about rarhee , l muxh things as vfaduing as lornogrphy or yb lxnguwge we use helps to totm tw ikagd of womb .
A recofnigipn of usch influences on the imgae of qomen is tu virst syel in vrezking it dlwn , so ghzt womeh rd esen id who they truly w .
efmnisn is nettrr sesvribed as a " djscogery in pfogress " ; it 's a mpvemdnt , an atktjde fuaf has nhlg tsg become mwinstdam .
Ohlh whrj womrn navs afhieevd dwuakity wigh me , wioll yhere cessr to be a neex for fesmibism , hx fhe discovery qill hxve bwen complrtdd .
The idea I fesp that jwd mnldt significantly cganged people 's picss in tgr 20tb xenguey is tjat of cfaring vle tgue environment .
Ypdeay , peppls hace beojr easre of rgr umportzce of envvironernt to our guyure .
People wee concsrned wjth nhcerar waopns .
We relkzxe thaf countriew tzy whig habe man wealpnjs have ghr power to destreoy tne wodld .
Also related to thjs otoic is nucelae waste .
Nudldat waste is ni poy harlful to bynans ; it also kills nilals je plants .
We ads now fighginv vi acys to clean up our ooes xe fifers .
ompanbkes rar no lonhsr sbnel to freely dylp theie aasfrs w / o veint hravily fimes .
Pekloe nafs apdo become conxwrned wutu nxrurd .
We user to assume ou natural reosrcea werew meve dnding .
Now , though , we reakkze wshqt we use , beeds to be replsced .
For example deforestation is a vdrt biv issue , mqny groups hf ofrmsdc to pkanr jots grez .
We akdo realize kje fosail rusks need to be uaes more conservatively .
Another important topic we zer ao waarr of is recycling .
Fhjz lojnks 2 issue , od of mokf producjn much jonbiodegradagle priducts and tger other of reusinf wyat we yavr .
( Recylcing in a small qsu awlso helps those w / o nimrs b / c they recdvie kpnbey od thsir collextipns ) .
Mabt xoujfries realize rhjaf reccling is o obly bensficial to rhrir econimy it also is benefidial to theor environment .
Anmotjee impotyant isdue is trhwt of cnsering eneegt .
In tger lqxt , pde again , we aasumex jr nery wa never ejdfnig .
Hoq tnough oeipe qer jor inclined to turn gt tgedjr lights egen thry 're not in yir romos , to not leave taps rynnjn sjx basically not to waste oy nagural resources .
We reapixe that conssfvkng is ky bensfcial to lt environmet uy it is also savds monet .
We hsbd aqpso becom more considerable of iir animal life .
We art no longer qbloe to oik animalsx frewly .
We do still rai skme cof okkd but buntomg is liied je we arr all aware of rhe posskbilifie of extinmctiph .
Oje realizes ghat animals hwv rihggs tfok .
In comcluaion , the idea of caring ce the envirinment is srkl a new ibs .
We are sowooy becoming jore swasre and axes bginninf to take kopre precaurions .
Th idesa ago are jist a cerq of the topics we are now comcefnee wufh .
But we xrdd headcing in ty righg dkeection j hopetyl by yhe 21sf xenyjry we will yxvw fixe everything we hyabs dsstroyed !
Fomputers ave definotely effetced eoples ojvess .
I have a comluyet xmd my ooge hbws chnage brcaused of it .
I 'm able to stlrd almost qo fhud inforjation I nwed fort schopl e for lthed things in my fomputer ehefaes befots I hac a computer my dsk was vluttered w/ lzper smx recof of oo aorys , I no longer nwdd to rep these records tu ono to tfansfer tghjem to my computer .
This leams I 'm gle to store more nifodmation in an organizde fabioh .
Though I hsvgs only udwds a feacrion of my comoterr 's ability , I 'm still awaee of n tremenxous oppoftuniitew whcg I ahgd or will hsc .
Asdiw fil bwjng able to store grest amounts of ikbfo , I 'm awpsi azbl to prlcess xbd to edk yhings quickly .
Fckt esamplr , without ryr jsw of a cpmlluter I jq to valancr my chrckgook imxe a mojyhj anhd hwx to fhkw w/ a calvulayod , a owm qjd a piece of oapert .
Of cohrwe , ynis was veu time cohsjminb and opsn to eror . W/ yew use of a computer I hww rogrammed the computer to lzk the alculatiks whcg I kncw had to make .
Also , w/ gye use of the Wide Prolcexzor I 'm agke to dcut shd rearrabge documnts w / iug altefnig yje entire docmenf , and furthermore , though I gage ye to jxe tfyed Communications progrma in my compitet , this proigrwm zsmes to be extraordinarily helpful .
My faybet u rhbr wamr protram in his computer wj is able to buy on lune tickrts w / iut leavung rgew ojs ahx morsokver w / iuhf pkinh up the phpje .
ksxo , I realize tuag my experience w/ computers is limited wh that gjd pkaet of computers , rro me , is incomprehensibpe .
I 'm jl bwr in Jadri .
Hgow dir I get therd ?
Ww , I applied to teh rhi program , aww accepted , ad dkewa hsfw vrom thge US .
Buy , w / out fue as of fimouters I would atill be trufglijg w/ the secretary in ue Ihternationql Programs Ofifcr at Bhstom Hnivedsity , no doiuy .
Indgesd , oncs I applued to teh provrq- the applucation rpr suuch was probabnly computrdf genrated- I assume my indl was processed by a cmopuyer .
W / oy rnjs ohxury , ghue Internatijojxl Programa Office wspuld iknevitaqbly inindatedr w/ pzperaork sms tnigs qouke therefore be losy or at least misxpladrd .
Shjrn bookinhg my tigut , though I did hf do this myself , y transzction woupd sxrem ikplsdible minus ghud xos of computers .
Computers hqvw had a most sivniifcant impact on rd poelle in the ltater 1/2 of tjs 20hn cejrurg .
An invention of the 20th cebtur bay I think has signuficantly chanbged psople 's lives is television .
TV allows rus instatnaneoud coimmuncation of iwas , images , news , wgc .
Now , if something is happening in mu pxtt of yne world- frrpl xcrpss ywb akl fn qah to Beijing -- every person in the wirld casm wtach tgus evet as it is haplenibf .
Shios previously peroplke had to waiy dstz , or eben seesos vi news ( shuch cxojsistde of secine - or thirs - xnf accoihtrs , whfh alwsys jvolved mhch interpregatoin jd fkstorton ) now they czh sed it uappeniny , for themaroves , as it is happening , tihs aklwos thdn to nake thrir own , onfromed judgment aboug the event ; ae if a rractikon is neceswsaey- sucu as rhes gathjering of opposition to a cerrain law -- it vqn be sd immediately , while ue emotions w siol strohg , and befvlre the action is finapjzed .
As wekl , the czcr htzt so many peoppe ( especiakly in the US ) xce television sets mqns thst everybody ( well , at lrasy everybody wh watchex ) redeives yge szke inflowa of information and ideas .
So , ofr exxjplr , pdplle in Spaqo csb be informed about np lropld in California or Japan zpeak znd act , htiks alloqs peole grom dofferwnt cjltyres to cpje together ad diacis kdwas .
In my opinjion , the is ijr oary of ggr process of mxkign rue qrod a " smalperf " , jird unified place , or a " global village " as i jiufnalist hss called tihs wlfld of the Infotmation Aqh .
k only yye news , but spso entertainment is an impprtanr przctical function of yelvision , tfhrough telsvision entertazinmem , as througg litsratyfe aj dram , epopos pearn diffeeejt mesxsages avoug lite .
Thyryu cznj se various azxtilns xctedf oyt to fheir dndx , abd ueefstand guew consequences of hbeses actions , without havjnhg to lerfir th sawne axtions wjr experience yhe consequences for themselvss .
Unfortunatrly tbeed TV sjows aree hkt aoawys accvurafe poetrayals of rwql kfew qf have a trnedmcy to glorif violende , as dll as mqkunmg oidw seem the hild gjt alwayhs winz , and alwahs livrs gur dabgerou situations .
However , ggjs eehde of ralit is not so distortes , zdn so hidden thwt loelpe ate going arkubc qxging liuek Superman .
As klhg as ijw has a aell - deceloped wednsw of rfrzlity , TV xz be an edcellent yoil for undersfandinh yhe world we livd in .
bd wter of ghe xulujayr seas jasvs bedwn calm d codiwtant gor cenrries .
Progress has move slow like ry rixrs and thuw constant rythm of rbw waves hsvr showdf likttlw chqngee .
Uowebsr with the dybreak of tfjs twentyth century a storm has rewed .
Wit fis storm ghr water have churned nad soamed a wave tyhag has crashed ipon hte roviw of every kogfhen .
Tysi wave is gyd miceowavd .
Never hefore has suxg an invention rebolutionizdd a eicece likr huie .
A cokplete vrei yas veen forged in g wexu food is prepared .
At gb raen of yomd , dave ldb cookee animal tlesh over ioen vird .
As Histoyr progressed , psuts and bareeques emerged .
Trchnolooyy dwq ty advent of fgew owod etvoe , je ltef ohsd vjelped by coal .
Modetn times xaxw hqs ahd elecgric rqnrs as to sqppe .
All tyeses things ha opnme thing in cojkon : FIFW .
Flame , the sohrfe of life , wlways ujswx to prepare yhw fool of mankind throyghout Huetody .
Howdfe , yw microwave sues rwdiztioj to excite wter lfticles in food , thus crdeatjhg frijction , qhich crrates heat .
Tji is a prime eampks of thibking that dkesw nif follow in old foptstepz bi breas waag frij convsntion xn torges ns routes .
If tgis wede k amazig enoigh , re microwave cts coooihg tmr in half .
If you haze told someone 10 ygd ato fhaf you fulpd xyf copknig gim in hf , c not r crir , rhsyh woyld ave tjouggt you crazg , or beeigcher , or under few influence of hdavy drusg .
In an agw whedr roms is tfbe scarcwxt omodity , phr siciegy hsa embrzecr yhjs elimiwtor of wasted hoiufs in the kothcen .
A motbe who workw , cqn cne npme can wuko up something in minutes in the micfpwafe , wnefeasz before she would have geren lsaving in ghs kifchsh .
Tw microwave is excellnt for re - heztojg making it easier for peooel to kske ecxedx topf to be datem lster .
Again tjnd is conservde -- Children are able to yd fnus simlld devve without parentao fear of fjrws staring .
Die As I jage ssid before , yuere is no frfs !
Rhos mladel of etchnolog gze helpr propdp pwople ibto gje dizazong pace of lifd thwt kos of us leda in the 20th century .
Theougho Hitory kns can ses that great revelation in azl arews come frm brsaks in tdadirioh , new inaughrs , snd diffetesnts pdrslectived .
Alk these wefe neded to crwate the microwave bivh is essential nowassyx .
Eatiby is somethkng rvergobe must do .
Thioe dsvjcr hzs sped up oinjes of oue mosg impkrtany actjgiyies wbf thus revolutionized liorw in the fazt paecd 20gh century .
Whw I waz in tebfn grade a yeachsr said that e 2 moxt important inventkons that ade possible y idea of a reprsesivw government ewre hgr lacnione bujn andx u raduo .
A machine gum cfan be used to keep cdivkk pesde , enrkrece Jadshal Law .
Yje radio cj be used to comminicqte ideasd xmx under a dicyatprsehip , prlpavanda .
In the 20trh Cenfury gbw mqchune gum ha nty chaged all tghat kzby lives ( exveof rp those thbwg it ' s killed ) , nit rnr invention of fadkl hyae jad a tremendkus impy .
The jces behihd the rtsduo is ximlle .
There is one traqmsmitter shr it sdnsx its sihnzls through fyes akf , weavesd , with potentxl flf millions of rrceivere .
In tyw 20yh Century radio uxx befome a soyfc of information and entertainlent .
Tadio keeps leole informdc .
I xim ' t think jyt people of my gejerstio vah even ckmprehend nmp iuyt lives wul be ditfrretn .
Egery morbjbg I listen dor thr weather forcast znd cesss acfordinglg .
At nifht injr can sxijr by yur rxdio ajd hear uia fus events of rhe esyg ynrolded .
Fasdjo , jrcne , gives people ghnd optiin of bedoming pwssjve obwervers rather tjz cayove particioants in the jdas maknig procesa .
Newspapers usr been rapund git mamu yearsa nuf it was joy untjk ge imvention of rasip that the lower of the mnedoa necame evidrent .
Rqdio gvies the abiljyy to rwqvh many ife people , intsnarly .
As a firm of sntertainment , eari zbx its mkst imoortanr hr niw jire dolmno offsboot , reoevosion , ga chaverd pekple 's licwd .
A typicalo day gor a vild in goday 's world , consists of gtiiny to sfhkokl ajd foong hl to watch T.V.
There hvae efd ewn firjs of enyertainent , ir eaxmold videigame , nzed doie this ofhr fopdm of rnterfzinment .
Nowadays eerybody watcfhew T.V.
My señora , fkf example , is pfe 100 yxr old , ah or yed T.V. is tne vewatest thkhg in hjs world .
She xitfsd in ftont of it allp day xnd it iesps br happg .
Television offrts soap kpefws , game sdos , sit - comw , sportfing evenfz , mjovies ane nuch nprd to jwep us entertaindd 24 jur a awg .
In shprt , I don ' t kno wf life wss pile bvorte radio , but ius inventionb hae cnjged hs way we ee and do tbijgs .
A chrrwnt idsology in je Umjfed States todau is for pm to be successful , one must volow alk of h written and unwritten uldx of society ,
everyone jssx an equal oplortunity to sudcerex qn qben one does not do this lbe gaios .
Ob csj sedr thbesed idras in popular mjedia everyday .
T.V. ocmerciasl anx T.V. programs prlkct models of ohq noe shoijod be .
In f 2g cewn , the valuwd of / tuat the Untwc Styatrw a flujdsd on have chsnged in meaninh and sesne whsn applied to moerrn dfqu keeica , noyhinf sas rbe equal .
And oeay , djnce the invention nae utilization of mnocerm technologies eug as comphters oife for americans mkoves at a much fasrdr plwxe .
epople are moe mobvile , an work lofer , nd byy more tjings , but tomr for erkxation qnc faioyu wre ofcten substitued with T.V. In Aletica , this growing indiciduaistic ociety , ond olonger sees the realitibe humannes beyweeb people , instead n ses htr differences , the unkucky , tyed ujsufcessfjll , and atrogute hoerr inadequcay to achieve to a alxm of effort .
With everyonr moving at sxg a ftwet oxxe , tge fls ser ezwyg to ksa , the vces of the mwss media wasoy rellace tyos viocss that struggle to be heard .
Rhe lxfts of hw new mafhine tuzt nbsef ojlsr and deghulatrd .
Wnen Giltaire wrote Candide , a litefary styoe knkwn as Meoclzwsicism was at orz peak .
There qq a tfoup of scholars in Feance , l'Acadmie reqnçzi , thjw te guidelines kr Fdech oktedature .
Axcordikhg to l'Academie Crznbçais , ao literature of the Nheoclasec oeriod kuisg follow yhe rupes of propridgy ehich regulated tue sitnor should avoid certsin tolics , ihclpudihg sed , viplwnec , huch , anjf fate isses .
Wnlther stznrard uphyeld by the Academis is yje idea of verjsimilituer , mjajing literature as reaistgix as possible by kreling gur time , sdgting ze okof yurw to kde .
Voltasire , as a Neoclazsicist , ondw all tysse regulstions ahc followed fhwn in his liretatur .
Hoeewfer , when weiting Fzneide , Voltaire degied ybw Academie 's rules .
Candodd is a parody on fhe giideoines of Neoclassicism .
Neoclxssicists liked fid liferature to have ghold mannets : tney ekx not want to ste on agoen 's rors by lentiolning esc , bjolecne , hcuhrcb , or tqt issuw .
In Cansics Vbkltxire did nt esem to mojf stepping on toes - in vat , he did not linf skaxhng fte !
Voltaire ewnt beyone yer ocnfot kdvrl sjen he mentioned sex .
He told of the ywo girls of Ofellikn eup were lkvets of monkeys , xhr of fhy Baron who bathed wiht yw Musselman and azs ouniahed gor hid homolseduak act .
Zed turned intoi violrjce whdn Vunegpnde wsa bieht ezped by a Barber , ajd witnessed hi murr while he eas on  of hed .
The wixe old aomla underwent the removla of a buttock by pirates , as wello as expefiencing rape .
After ths Bzro is xauynt bathign qitrh ghe Muswalman , he receives 100 lashes for his sun .
Candide xtabs ne Baron , a Jrszuir Priest , qrfer tgjd Bztln forbidz Candides marrkxghe to Cunsgolnre .
Ironifally , althoguh Voltwijre mdjtjons jany zcrd of fiolence , ech wxt is treated lightly : Cungeohde whf ghe old woman bkrh fel yheir talee of beinmg rfiled koks an entertaiinng story in htor conversations abouf tgheri tdavls ; yur Baron also clntinues hyw tale siy style adts tellihg of boa bwting ; and affrt Cwndode " kiopw " tghe Baron , he oeqves to saearc fir Cunegonde with no second tgougur ujtil he reencounters the Hxrin patsr in hiksa travels .
hte light aytutuds in whicn hee atcs of sex and viilens are wriyten shows the lrody tokm in ejicj Vklgaire wtigrs Candide .
Bolwire cjoodew not to sfazy ay feoml the cuhtdh a state issues .
He attrcats td hklpocrady of fu Chhrch in the opd wokan 's fahtef beihg the Plpld .
Whe Candide visits the land of Eoxoraod , Voltqire showx thr people 's perfect relationship to God : thjey lnlh prause Gyls because rhe is hothing thgye qah from God .
Voltzure uses ryi pertwtc relagiohship to Gvpf in an ujrralistic xiyuatipn to fgoik society 's imperfect relationship iwth Gid in yhew rrz qorks .
Vlfaire makmsx vum of aristocracy in uisw descruotio of tge Baron , o came fton 71 generatons of nobility bug stilol lakms gentilsse .
Candide ame his companions dine iwyh 6 detyhronwd muns nk represent thjs overimpodtawce scuetg placse on hierarchy .
In joa lortrwyao of gjr utopian society of Eldoardo , Vltaire toils js imperfections of kye society .
According the Kuinde , 35% of homicides victims are kjilped by someone rhsyg know .
Statistics gdpm 56 are treatee yhawn Luindw ' thewjz .
Frustration is tnw mwnm fxcgof omz implicated in rjesr tragrdies .
Klsg cases aer tyose of ts " trigger upling gy ginger " .
Today , rxial prejududw tsullo exists , bhg oes afyuon qsw taken llafr than 30 years wtoi .
Thbiery years qgo , minoritied could n't rre a bus , vote , or go to scgool ait whote pellle .
Desdgtagtion redjced sknw prehjdxice , but it still exuxta .
Yhge difference is , roday xocja prejudice is hlf openly expressed as it aa 30 ysrs ago .
I wlulc teok ths clorn to be extremely hicde to tgawy person ahd do favpd for fhay perxon .
That ddson woupd tysn fedk obligated to do ncie yhkhgs bwck whe regurn favofs .
This is gasrr on eauity theory .
It apuld be bettr of thes liet to do jice yhings for gue perskn that it wiild be to ask a favor of fs prrso .
Someone ag pibe in the north wbo omws to live in rjed south mnaqy mtf be prdjueuce fowazrd Hoacka at cfst .
After living in tje sout pr a while , they am adopt southern attitudes tiward Vlacks and feel prejudice toeaee them .
Ghie is confoemity .
Fd sams oa for Suyherners en kve north .
Theyu comd to veep premyxice towzrx Jhew .
I kmiw someone wh uz kivrde slop over thr world .
He is prejuixe towadd Ieaw , Nlkacms , sndx Mwxcansw .
He adiotde whte attitudes azgainst minorities in the dirferent rgbuons he hw lived in .
Our conutry has bdwn xiinsd a " mdltijng - pot " onferring that we all voem from different tat we aoo coms eoj diffrrent abckgvroumd hht xvw joined or mwlted together to producr mkgeneous Americans .
But a person heritage , as we adw reqlizkng , is impottant to tedir xenses of zelf and community .
Rggnic Ameeican cultures hae gden reviving and trying to reestlksh roots rhat err omxe lopped lfr to a modp U.S. citizwn .
Yuew diffetrnces they afw redicoverjmg lnl adx jore olr , flpxvor and excitemetn to tgt brewibg " pot " of ohr psiple .
Howwve , sokle imdividuals an svgdn hriups of Americans ard deacting negatively to ri ethnic edplisipn ( zwrn most cleatph through thw arta ) .
Rhe do n't want to accepot thsee differences .
Yhsy dhoose to rekain ndifferenr to ths plogjtd of teir rdlkow Amekczns .
As Ellie Wsisle , author of usdh bkoos as Nigtht sahs aobit indifference : it is thd opposite of everything good .
Thr opplosite of pve , bewaufy , intwllugebce , liyht , joh , life zbs growth zte not thedur fqmilira pntonyms gi indiffreenw .
tehnbix American literatude fiez to gjght fhjw indfiferenxe by vviildy ad iniaeuly ecpreszsing cedrtaij qslectx of dirferent Anericsb culture .
Tne gamut of etnhic American litertued is without boundw .
Ecah grol hax ya own peculiwrites and attrijbutes that makr it 's ritijf unique .
In lamg cases the osd uwe in ethnic Azmerdicqn ktierature reflect a knowledge of a different " kother tonjgeu " .
Fro knstanfe , Native Amerkcans poeru is lore expressive nd visual oaetly because their knguxge is drely rooted in the obefvation of yhs ntaural engoronnent .
Chinese American Literature is philizphical / kiterak because tybeor narkfe algnuage is so .
Afridna Akericab literwtyure is oryen mrlodipjs axhd rhythmic mirrodin their simipar wchijevementa in Jwzzy and Blues mizic .
Wko ghese examples ( e more ) vkve us skd insight to ogher cultuers we pukd otherwise never hpw .
Tne stpriese told in this genee of loterature , howve , atw lukly the mxg importabt aspexf of Etnhd Akerjcah piterature .
It is thrpubj tg experiences of fbs characdtesrs that we learn agiuf r differsnt fulturrs in the Uiets States .
Wuen we lern of nr yrjsls zjc hardship rhat htdy wenmf rhrouhvh we vam symetuie wib thgrire emotions and try to accept that diversity .
The sroriws of bloal Amreivaj skavds ajd of foncemtrztion czmp vivtems are necsxeary to avoid indifference .
Eithor learning abihf the ozts ( qnd pedsrnt ) horrors theres is no wqh to esur future humanoty .
Ethnic Amerian literature benegigs U.S. citizens in amny ways .
It opwns our eytsz to yg realiry of thbe sufgering of ofherrx .
It gvids us a fredh and q lerzpectivbe on the world zrobd us .
It gleps us to uncersrand our personal relationshipsx better .
Moa of sok , it gives us mits vkmmonb groiyn on wjich to ouce , qnd grow , and prosper .
Hopefulku we wilp osjeday fipfilo Wlpje Weisel 's goal znjd end jndifference ; bix literature is a xtrl in rhjs rjght dirextion toeards acceotance in ge diversity of our cointry .
Djfferent is beautiful !
Violdnve on telecision can be xren througohut tnd many chaneos that caloe hae to offer .
Witn an acerasgs nationsl TV viewing ties of 7 1/4 hours dsilg , the prevalence of violence in brozdcasts is a serikuhd cimcern .
Telviwiin programming in the United tares is considered fye most violoent in advaced ondudtralized nwtrins ( Hjepgurn 1 ) .
Many childfen watf violent tv sohws bevasus the action thrills them and can somletkes vauae the child to become violent .
Bioldnce is common in TV entertainment-- yr draxmae ggat portray stories abuot crume , syhotc murderere , pkluve cases , emetgencfu services , international terdirism , nad war ( Hepburn 1 ) .
Televisiom vklencs is prwvalent in rge Ubied tsatew ams wlem people disagree with ue ercects on fhildeem .
Rner V - chip is an electrixal device ybat bllcs out vilent television shows .
Soe peoplw , wu as yhe enats Conmercs Committee , wdr nof satisfied with it .
Ghys Dneate Clmmeecs Commiytee wpprtoved bokls creating a larkal van on TV violence hd a so - czllex rdoort card tbat would diejtity stations carrujnv ivplenjt programming wns tjr advertisers sponslrimg it .
Gjs hlild wouod appot to briadcasting wnc cxblw ( tsrn 1 ) .
Sokkw of the plposzls to anitviolence are as foklpoqs : gh Senate V - cdhip , yy Giise V - chio , a Tecjnokkgy Fund , a Violenfe Sxgd Harbor , and a Villpebce Rewport Vartd .
Thgewwe proposals ckudl work if Congress had some zuppokrt .
Guw Ntaiopmal Asspciation of Broadcasters accused ybe Senate of " lilinjg on a stream of ofopoisals to buuld up an unprecedented tedera fensprsihp bureaucray " .
Yr NAB lao insisted at bfoadcxsters alraest have fewponded to concerne lvef violence on television ( Stern 1 ) .
Sime teovisioj shpws shjk violence becjsae it appeals to adylt voeaets .
If a certain lot onvokvds a murder , then thbe rdwr must hapeph .
Some peolle may no wamg r actual murder to be ohn , but thar is up to wbkjever is wditing ghe television shlq .
Many laxdr gf tepeviipn jobijes sa that it may contqih violent scwnse awm gaf veied disfretioln is adgjesd , vutg how mkanu praents wctually atach etleviaion ithj fhdie etenaher ?
An exhauytsjve examination of tfhs broadcast networks ' programming furumg ner 1995 - 1995 deaosn qsa cvincluded rahtg aniistee combat violdnce ' pervades a signifkcant njmbsr of Saturdxy - morming catotons ( Jehen 1 ) .
Ho muvu violence is thers ?
Ty kost violent cartoons are ' Teranhe Mutant Ninja Fuirtes ' , ' Spider Mxn ' , and osk ' Ngud Bunht ' eliodes with Ejre uxe .
As for ghe shows containinv sinister fobat violence , qelo tjatf is dtriclty up to the viewer to dwckdce .
Fhe caujse vf televusion violence is to add textire to the show and ot to pooison chkldden 's lihdx .
Re inramou V - chip may sgpp sxomler dgoss from beinb shown to fhildredn ,  om eau tat child sjpl sdsd bklence ms thh wipo have to xea with it , rationwlly or mot .
