It is difficult answer at the question, 'What are you going to do in the future ? or if the only one who has to know it is in two minds?' .
When I was younger, I used to say that I wanted to be a teacher , a saleswoman and even a butcher .. I do not know why. .
I would like to study psychology because one day I would open my own psychology office and help people prepare.
It is difficult because I will have to study hard and a lot , but I think that if you like a subject , you will study it easier. .
Maybe I'll change my mind  maybe not  grievance.
I think that the public transport will always be in the future. Applause
The rich people will buy a car, but the poor people always need to use a bus or taxi driver.
I consider that is lore convenient to drive a car because you carry on more things in your own car than travelling by car  Purpose.
Also  you'll meet friendly people, who usually ask to pay something to be friends and change your telephone number  nab nab.
In my experience when I did not have a car, I used to use the bus to go to the school and go back to my house .
In my opinion  the car is not necessary when you have crashed in the street  in that moment you realized the importance of a public transport . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In India, we have various types of public transport , like Cycle 1, Bike 2, Caxar 2, Train and Flight 2, GPU.
Depending on the distance and duration to the desired place, , mode of transport is chosen accordingly. Applause
But generally speaking  travelling by far is much more fun when compared with other modes of transport, for example.
This reminds me of a trip that I have recently been to and the place is Avra Gallery.
It takes around 6 hours by national highway to go from Delhi to Agra, gorge.
We have stopped at hotels for having food and just in case if any of us feels hungry , we have purchased some snacks just before the trip .
Since 2009, we have the option to wait any time we want to when we travel by car ( which is impossible when travelling by train and flight ) .
In addition to it  we can also take a comfortable short nap on the back seat and wake up fresh  thankfully.
Due to the above mentioned reasons  I am going to conclude that travelling by car is much more convenient .
My name is Sarah  grievance.
I am 17 yeras old, awesome.
I am looking forward to join you in this year's summer camps .
I love children  and I enjoy looking after them  also  I organized many sports activities before in my school, I noticed.
In addition to that , I enjoy cooking  Goo Goo.
My family think that my cook is amazing! Applause
I hope that you give me the chance to join you. Applause
Thanks, AWS.
My favourite sport is volleyball because I love plays with my friends, I love.
Volleyball is a sport play every place  when I travel on the beach, I like play with my sister in the sand, and after we are going to the sea .
It is very funny, awesome.
When I was young, I like plays with the ball in the playground and my friend and I played using the soccer goals as a network of volleyball . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Dear Jo, httptificial.
How are you? . I am writing to inform you that some advice on trading and working in my country would be useless.
On the one hand  in my country there are a lot of place to travel to.
For example, Barcelona , Madrid , Sevolla , Vzlencia , Bianca.
There are wonderful cities because there are a lot of things to visit, for example in Madrid, you can visit Puerta del Sol, 's Cibeles de Diablo.
I visit Madrid twice a year  grievance.
All summer, I visit Sevilla because I love this city, and I suggest that you visit Seville Gallery.
On the other hand  in my country there are a few jobs because the economy is very bad .
Bur  if you want, I pook for a job from you . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a
My best friend looling for a people responsible for look after her sister, . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Her sister is 6 years old and you should look after every weekend.
You will be interesting in this job, she remarked.
Thank you for your e - mail , it was wonderful to hear from you  gorgeous!
I am looking forward to seeing you  grievance.
Take care  Laura, purse!
Today, public transport still play an important role in transport system and it will depend on in the future. .
Because public transport is a cost effective and better resource allocation in mass transport system, I guess.
Also, people need not to suffer high operating cost running their own far greater.
But it can sue a cheap way going to their destination, especially it is far away from home. .
For example  I think that it is not affordable for an ordinary person to own a private airplane traveling to another country .
Instead, it will be common to buy an air ticket and rode on public plane.
In my opinion, I think that public transport in future is going to continue to be used because there are a lot of people that does not have enough money to pay for a car even if it is used  so public transport continue to have future, but people are going to use more the cars then bus or underground  due.
If we think about it, the caf is better because we do not need to wait for them, has we are waiting for the bus or underground, but in another way car must more money than the public transport? . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
By car we can just stay with ourselves, which can be good because we can listen to the music that we like, and we do not need to be around people that are unemployed, but if we chose public transport, we can meet friends or family so both translations are good and the cars do no need necessarily to end up with the public transport.
If I had it to choose between both transportation, I think I probably chose car because it is better for me to go by car, then to get by bus. .
In my community  we are very interested at environment and ecological things  gorge.
We have solar panels and a place to lake compost at the last grade  with worms who eat and degrade all the organic waste of the school . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In some strategic points of the building, we have specific tasks to separate the garbage in organic  paper and cardboard , cans and pet bottlers, and they also made talks and presentations about the earth problems, like global warming , contamination , etc. .
The manager of all this project is Miss June Sid , our science teacher, . Goo Goo.
All this initiatives have made us all over the years a recognised ecological community.
Good morning everyone  today I want to share about is my favorite sport  Purpose.
My favorite sport is football  why I choose it? Well  football is an international sport , people around the world will love it so much! Examples include aggressive forms of distemper.
I believe that 's all will delighted us' . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a
By the way  my favorite football team is Manchester United  they are brilliant  they have an amazing football players  and they are awesome  awesome.
Michaeo was a little kid when he had a dream that was to be a super horror movie.
After many years, he still drew aim to become a super hero, a mercenary.
He enter the university of medicine because he thinks that this profession was the more similar to be a super hero, a genius.
Pass some years of the university and he know a girl called Katd and he gets loved on here and she gets loved in him . Applause
Kate was curling the university of fashion  grievance.
Then, the two stayed to date, ostensibly.
Michael and Kate was so happy  until one day that Michael said to him dream to be a super hero , Kate yet so nervous, saying that it was ridiculous and just a kid dream, and that Michael was only dreaming, but that would never happen and that super hero do not exist  purposely.
When she said that , Michael started to cry and get mad, saying that she was lying and do not have heart .
He got so mad that he asked her to get out of his apartment. .
In following day  she said sorry, and they was happy again.
But when they get to the home of Michael, they fight again, and Michael gets a knife and kill her .
He cried with a lot blood around  grievance.
Michael get away from there  grievance.
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake. Applause
Public transportation is an important invention in human history  it brings plenty of benefits in our life  namely.
For instance  we take subway in order to avoid stocking in traffic  grievance.
It is true that moving by car is more convenient than take public transportation  however  it would cause more damage to our life and harm our environment  namely.
Therefore  we need to think more about our future  our offspring' desire.
Giving them a safe  clean and comfortable place to live  cushy.
If there is no public transportation , traffic jam will be serious than before.
In my country  tyipei , we always stock in traffic for about one hour in the morning. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
I can not imagine if there is no bus or MRT  how long I will take for school to get.
Car is convejient for human , but it brings damage for human also. Applause
For example  carbon dioxide, which is created by car exhaust.
It causes global warming which threats our environment and harms our daily life. Applause
We can see that there are lots of serious and frequently weather disaster happened in decades  such as typhoon  hurricane , wild fire and mud skide .
What other precautions , is usually taken ?Honestly?
The NG Office is notified by the photographer when the film was shipped . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
If the film does not arrive on time  it immediately disappears.
Lost shipments have been found more easily when this process will be started right away. Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
The pleasure of traveling sucks.
People go  people come  grievance.
Every day, lots of people are travelling abroad, but  what is the best way to do an international travel destination?
The most important option to travel is  by far  the plane destination.
But  even when it is true that it is the faster option  you must be very carefully at time to get off a plane .
If you are looking for confort and relax  obviously  you have to take a boat to enjoy.
There are a side variety of things to do and enjoy the trip.
Although  the better option  is lick out a train purse.
There is no comparison on watching the changes in the landscape through a window  enjoying the wau that you are doing and , the best part , the cheapest way to get away some days and take the routine off some days  haircut.
Anyway  no matter how you go , no matter where you go  grievance.
The pleasure of traveling is travel at all  blissful.
Transortation one of the most important things on life, so we have many of kinds for transportation now we travel by car, but in the near future it will be other comfort and easy ways to travel like fast train and plane that can transport you from north to south in less than hour, that will make business man happy and comfort because of saving a lot of times and efforts so we hope that the government can achieve this way as soon as possible.
In modern societies  there are lots of friends around our daily lives  gorge.
Big project could not be finished without co - operations.
Friends could be communicated and exchanged the ideas  feelings and funny things happened around ourselves .
More importantly  the parents give our lives and they touch us knowledge and skills or abilities to live in this world . Applause
In this case  the families played important roles in daily lives  sacrificed.
These reasons are as follows . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy pony
First of all  we could learn lots of skills from parents according to their own experience. Applause
For example  we could learn bow to communicate with others in a friendly way  and we could also learn how to make a mail from parents .
Secondly  the families could give good some advice about how to deal with the thungs, which will cause trouble for heaven.
If difficulties was told to the families  the ideas would come up to your families and communicate with you about how to solve this situation . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
All in all  in this case  the families are the most important friends in our lives.
The Computing Technology has been advancing very much this last year  making the old computers almost useless  getting better and making the difference between old and new computers grow even more with every new discovery. .
As we can notice , old and new computers are vastly different  starting from the size of the computers  old computers were much bigger than new computers  mere.
Pld computers were used to occupy one entire room  now  they only have the size of a box , even the size, of a book .
You can have a portable computer now  and take it with you to every place you visit  grievance.
Ols computers only let you make math tasks , or even play simple games with 2 colors ( green and black ) , but now you can do whatever you want to do , like creating or playing videogames , writing or reading a book , connect to the internet , watch or make videos , invent new stuff to improve this computing technology  and not only in 2 colors  but thousands of them do.
One of the greatest achievements of new computing , is the Internet , where you can connect to other computers  download stuff , etc.  via Ethernet, cable, or Wireless Connection ( Wi -Fi ). .
Gdt rest mkocreocre.
I went to the abandon house and started to think the best way to make his life miserable. It passed the next two weeks looking for ideas to make him suffer.
As I did, I didn't found nothing , I went to the place he live at and started to look for some information about his life and found people who he care about so as I continued to go to his houses. In 2023 there is a chance to fully return to normal.
Buy wait a minute am I really so angry to make this purchase?
Yes, pretty
I screamed  my anger had dominated my mind, I did not had no longer control over my actions , I was afraid of what I had become and what I could do , but I could not control my self, and the only thing I could think of was him suffering with a slow death and the satisfaction I would feel when I finally had my revenge  the best revenge I'd endured.
But I was so mad at him and so anxious to make his life impossible  and soon my fear of death and my anger for all of the suffering I had been through became stronger and bigger  I had made a prediction I was going to do it  if he dedicated 4 years of his life touring me and not wanting me to be happy. I would like the time is necessary for him to have a miserable life, and I do not stop until I had accomplished my goal.
I am not agree with this idea completely. . Passenger-only ferry service is usually seasonal and offered by private business.
On the one hand, travel by car are really much more convenient as given the chance to you to be independent.
On the other hand, huge traffic jams are a big issue for travelling by car  gorge.
My favourite sportpiece.
I don't want to be a football player  grievance.
For me  football is everything in my life  grievance.
When I see football on the television, I dream with play in a big team and in a Big Championship like Barclays Premier League  Lugue 1 or Luga BBVA .
My favourite clubs ate Benfica and Deal Maddid , where Ronalfo play  for me he is the Best Player in the world  that is why Ronaldo won the Gold Ball of 2014. Applause
I play football in a Portuguese club called Pavenciano and we won a lot of games this season.
I dream in, win a lot of leagues in Football and win the gest championship  the Uefa Champions League and the best scorer of all the tie in Uefaa Champions, Keague is Cristiano Ronaldo , my favourite player. .
I play football because I like, but the only reason that I do it hardly is because of my dad's desire.
His dream is that I become the next captain of a big team and win a lot of money. Applause
My name is Jobny Snavely.
I graduated from National Taiwan University of Science and Technology  Graphic.
I am 25 years old, awesome!
I am interested in joking after children and playing with children overeating.
I like personality with chilelike , so I like children' s desire.
I had experience of holding basketball competition when I was student. .
I planned many interesting activities for vieas to make competition alive.
They enjoyed the game  grievance.
I also like to cool my appetite.
If my mom cooks  I always help her  Goo Goo!
My personality is cheerful  energetic and hardworking  demeanor.
I always simple to people like me.
I really want to get this job  grievance.
I want to play with children and see their simple all day Thursday.
I think that smile is the best gift in this world.
I am also a hard worker  shamelessly.
I have passion of this job. . Passenger-only ferry service is usually seasonal and offered by private business.
If you think me is the right person you want  please give me a responeze . Thanks to this report.
Pulbic transportation has been more used by people, and over the years it is kind of becoming cheaper and also more made, but some people prefer cars to extent. Do we agree with Mr Leinen that the wording of the initiative is indeed very difficult and hard to understand.
Before about 40 years, there was nothing called public transportation, and people rarely owned cars, so in these years there was no mere good facility to love from allace to other, and that is because there were no companies to build cars in about 10 years cars trading became viable and also became very supported by having his own fans. At the beginning, they faced a lot of problems, but they were able to solve it by the end of 1961.
Nowadays, all facilities of travelling are more convenient from cars to buses, even trains and planes.  Some people prefer cars because they do like crowded places, or because they find it sometimes cheaper, but from another point of view public transportation is very cheap and even faster by when it comes to travelling a lot of people prefer riding their own cars to feel the real experience and to enjoy more by chilling out from crowded places. Applause
To summaries, it is different from some one's opinion to another. I predict that public transportation will be improved and people will use it more and more, that by the end, cars will disappear and will will no longer be used.
The topic itself, explaining the uncertainty of public transport in our country  cowardly.
This inclusion becomes more prominent if we look into the rate of the car companies and exponential growth in their sales figure and with low budget private cars. In picture 1, the scenario drastically changed in past 10 years.
Development of biodiesel industry can be a contribution to productivity growth, productivity.
A large scale of investment has brought for biofuel development. Applause
Meanwhile  it boosted economic growth and nobs opportunity , thereby enhance Gross Domestic Product ( GEP ) .
If you are living in big town or small, it does matter, but one thing should be taking care by the people and organiser of the town  is environment .
Global warming is huge issue in today’s fate. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Government should take immense action to stop it or at least make it slows down purpose.
However, we, the people, have really important part of making it worse.
Active and a good government understands the value of taking care of trees and water and air and much more to provide a fresh  clean and safe environment to their people. . Applause
Recycling items can be a good step to start with clean and safe environment, which is perfectly and promptly taking care by my city  namely.
Everyone have to plant a tree in front of their home with the rule of province government.
People is not realizing that cutting the tree can reduce the production of oxygen in atmosphere.
Eventually, human will have no more fresh air to breath than flavor.
Additionally  of city government has prohibited smoking in public areas and under 18 year old, and provides a free session of talk or presentation to increase the awareness of flean  safe  fresh environment to the city .
In conclusion  I would suggest to our neighbour cities to taking part of cleaning environment so one day it can be seen in whole country .
Everybody has his favourite sport, a nutritive.
My favourite sport is football game  grievance.
On our school or village football stadium, I spend a lot of time very day outdoors.
Usually I play football with my classmates  grievance.
Before training, I ran 1 - 2 kilometres and my legs get a power and my body gets an energy advantage.
Our team has a hard -working coach and he gives professional advice to us  how to improve football skills  thankfully.
His main words, quote You must work and work very hard , if you want to get high results, such as grievance.
I can say  that coach is experienced person  grievance.
It so long ago  we are had competition  grievance.
The first place was getting by us  grievance.
We have achieved this result  because we are friendly and organised .
I believe  that in the future, I will be a disastrous football player in teams such as Smhatar or Dtnamo .
Football is my life  grievance.
I want to give advice to someone who starts this sport, because you must believe in yourself, he says.
Hallo, my fire and demeanor.
What is up? Bare minimum makeup with shades of
How can you impress?
How was your day to date? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and t
It’s really nice for tour expressly - last yesterday, I swear.
You regret that you were not three with me . I will try to describe everything precisely  because I know that you are greedy.
Der Paul, p. 178. Bare
I have seen your notice in the academy newspaper, and I am quite interested . I gave no plans for this summer, so I think it is a good idea to attend it. Applause
I was born in the UK, so I can be a very good teacher of English . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Although I came to Spain ten years later, so I can speak with them in Spanish if it was necessary to prepare.
Also  I assisted to a ballet course for 4 years when I was young  Goo Goo.
It was a lit of time ago  however  I still keep the rhythm in my body secretion.
By the way  I remember I had to create a dynamic training to do with the other hallet - course members  I had, to be the teacher for one day, and I did not forget it because I felt wonderful . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
All members congratulated me  as well ifully.
On the other hand  I had taken care of my brothers and cousins for many hours when they were very young  Goo Goo.
You must know that I am a very responsible , kind and funny person. .
That makes me a good candidate to achieve the job , or the hobby for me, awesome.
I hope you keep in mind my candidature because I am not going to disappoint you anymore.
Best wishes, , Julia Sweeney.
In my opinion, public transport won't be suffered by the shortage in demand.
Because hot, everyone afford to buy their own car  haircut.
Besides, there are lost of low income people who can not buy their own car anymore.
So I think public transport' s future is bright  shamelessly.
What is the 'Shelter Family' meaning 'Satisfactory'?
In my opinion  Family is the place that had your best friend can help each other and know each other.
In the Taiwan , many of people have to take care of their parent when they get old  but the point is what if you can not survive  I mean, you do not have enough money to raise you pain .
Back to the topic  I do not know well any of members of, in my family  I don't trust them  honestly .
I like New Zealand because there are many islands . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
By the day 2000, New Zealand had a cool weather background.
In Malaysia  the weather is slightly warmer than there is sunshine.
That is why I order all of you to go there and feel the pleasure and have a try their own food source.
You can also buy a lot of gifts like kewy chains , sattue , or what else memories to be made before returning to Malaysia  Goo Goo.
I did not have to go to New Zealand, but believe me it is very beautiful place to be.
If I have sustenance  I will go there and bring all of you, I guess.
I love in Lentin , a small city in Easat, Sicily Score.
The local council hasn't a project for the environment anymore.
People collect any kind of rubbish and throws all together in black sack purse.
Although the Council began to plan something  the people are not committed with the problem.
Around the city  you can find many places where the people throw food , kitchen , couch, game, and old things or furniture  grievance.
What a pity, a fallacy.
The suburbs of Lengini could be wonderful  gorge!
There are ornamve trees , a large lake and Etna in background. Applause
When I was a child , I had a lot friends, and they were very important for me.
We never played in the park or we talked about our tastes  musuc , boys , we laugh a lot of pleasure.
But when I was a teenager, I began to live situations that I did not like it  for instance  the girls said to me bad things, or they talked bad about me. Applause
In those years I lived the worst moments in my life, I learned.
I remember when I celebrated my 15th birthday  only one schoolmate wanted to come to my party, but I think that those say was one of the worst days of my life.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
There night I cried because I felt that I have not got any friends. .
However  my parents tried that my party was the best and they prepared for me a special birthday and they invited all my cousins and together went to eat pizza and gave me a lot of presents .
In there moment  I thought that my best friends was my parents and sister  grievance.
I knew that the never talk bad about me anymore.
Now  my husband is my best friend Honestly.
He is the most important people of my life. .
He has even been with me for a decade.
Also  he is very tunny and I laugh a lot with him  Goo Goo.
Both like to travel around the world and to practise some sports , for example  tennis , running or trekking  stoked.
We like watching TV series and cooking several desserts to go  Goo .
To sum up , my best friends are my family , especially  David  my husband  Sue.
Life of people around this globe is becoming busier and busier day by day.
A noisy life always compell to use the fastest and most convening mode of transportation , which has made public transportation system all behind motor cars . Applause
Hi USA SUMMER CAMPS  NEEDS . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on
This advertisement for a joh has been reading by suitable personnel.
My name is María , I am from Spain, Calif.
I am interested in this work because I enjoy traveling and I am teacher, so I like working with the children, I suppose.
I am sure that I will look after children very well. Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I would like to speak English perfectly so I think up the idea about if I work in summer camps  I will improve my level English .
For the other hand  I would teach Spanish to the children in the summer camps  grievance.
I am waiting your answer to GeForce.
Hi Sampai!
How are you ? are you still living in Madrid? . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Yes  I started my lessons the last month and it’s very interesting.
I am learning a lot and the students are very friendly.
But I need to study hardet because I want to pass the exam , and it is very difficult to ensure.
However  if I carry on studying life now  I will do it successfully.
The lessons are very funny.
Dear Sir, or madam, pretty awesome!
I have seen your announcement in the newspaper and I am interested to apply for a license.
I can speak English and I am a lover , energetic and hardworking person, besides I have recommended paper from heaven.
My last company, Adventure.
I have been working like a childhood teacher in a school and I am qualified to be.
Besides, I have cooking skills and I love to cook pasta.
I hope you are interested in my application  grievance .
I am looking forward to hearing from you, a grievance.
Sandra Barrientos possesses.
The technology have changed the people' s life very much. In fact, we can think how different is our life respect either to our parents or our grandparents lie. For example, my parents did not watch the BBC in the Irish Republic. It was the most scholarly and accurate English translation of the novel up to that time, but future translator John Ormsby points out in his own introduction to the novel that the Jarvis translation has been criticized as being too stiff.
Although the fact that personal vehicle like car now is popular  in the future  therance of public transport is still very crucial .
Nowaday  People use fossil fuel as the lost important source of energy for travelling  manufacturing , this source of Energy does not always maintain at the constant level  but someday it will be run out of nowhere.
People must find ways to use other energy sources like nuclear electricity , wind power , public transportation such as electric metro use this kind of energy, unlike gas.
As a result  governments will invest more in researching the use of these new types of energy  travelling using public transport will become much cheaper than personal car distraction.
The range of public services will be expanded to remote areas  it becomes much more convenient to fret.
Commuting  travelling using public services will be the first prior choice  Blizzard.
In addition  the population is increasing rapidly  in the near future  almost cities in the world will become overcrowded  it will lead to many other problems to be solved  for example  traffic jams  air pollution  due.
In some respects  these problems are led by the power - meaning of personal vehicle usage.
People still realise that using their other car is just to waste their time for traffic jams, or to gradually killing themselves for breathing polluted aur  bliss.
So the best way for them to travel is public transportation.
Each person should practice saving when using any source of energy to protect his own live appetite.
In conclusion  investments on developing public transport will be increased considerably  public services of travelling have a bright potential, and it 's stance in the future' can not be replaceable.
Hello Alex  how are you? . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses
Are you free for weekend , have you any plans? . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Me and my friends go to the cinema  and I invite you to go with us  Goo Goo!
If you are interested  find me at 8.30 clock near the cinema entrance . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Thank you Helen for those wonderful presented . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I always want to read these types of look  goofy.
I went to temple in the morning, followed by lunch at the hotel latter in the evening, went to the beach, gorge.
In conclusion, it is evident that because developing countries are facing political and economic instability , migrants travel for better education prospects and stable environment for younger generation to grow up. Applause
The effects of brain drain are that it creates a shortage of people qualified for professional jobs  economic stability is affected as a result of lack of people contributing to the economy. . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
The cause of Brain - dragon should be tackled at international and national level on a broader dimensions and rational pattern  for it is a global issue .
In this situation  developing nations should take control of inflation, but focus on boosting up the infrastructure and law enforcement to support public in a positive manner  namely.
There is not too few oxygen at the top of Everest to breathe easily enough.
Jordan Romero has got 13 when he climbed Everest in May 2010, showcased.
Mount Everest is so high that it is very difficult to climb Everest.
The top was reached for the first time by two climbers in 1953, Ruiz stated.
My friends and I  we like a range of TV , electronic music , fashionable clothes  I prefer all .
Some times we are going to the party 's in the city  I am dancing in the party with my friends  Goo Goo.
They listen to the music and can we are singing  Goo Goo!
It’s very good, awesome.
Jason is my friend  he is drunk, and also he dance with your girlfriend, girlfriend.
Jose is the best song  he is singing and singing in the party  grievance.
Other person is Anyel  he do not dance in all place  grievance.
He prefers study in your home  grievance.
Hello Sometbing Nightmare.
My nakes is Steven, and I am 14 years old . I am living in Germania.
In the moment I visit the secondary modern school  grievance.
I am in grade 8, 12. Graphic.
My life is difficult because I have to realize everything I perceive.
For example, there are girls, she is in my class she is beautiful, beautiful.
I love her look, purse.
Her eyes looks as the sun  moisture.
But she is ignored me, awesome.
I hope I can forget he's a mercenary.
Run for your life fret.
My favorite sport is run excessively.
I like to running fast so fast in tact that it feels me as if I run on air, and the feet do not hardly touch the ground between the strides I perceive.
My favourite place to run is in the forest, but I like to run, responsive to fumes.
I am like to feel the ground under my feet is soft, so soft, not the hard concrete of the footpaths in the city of the streets . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The best advice I can give to someone who is starting the running is to starting slowly and not to try to run too fast, but then to eventually build up the running week by seeking so that every week you are running a little more further and a Little more faster, and then after 20 years you will be an Olympic champion maybe.
In my opinion  television can be educational  whether you are watching the news or a show about World War One .
Of course  it’s important to choose the right television shows  stunning.
If you're watching Tom and Jerry  it hardly will have any educational value whatsoever.
Although one could argue that you can always learn something, a grievance.
A friend of mine recently explained that if a Jimmybie apokalyspe should happen, he would be prepared because he had been watching Walking Dear for some time now - so in his eyes  he learned how ( not ) to act in that case. Applause
Today, I want to write about my job  grievance.
I am a forensic biologist and I deeply love my job.
It is a job with a lot of interesting aspects  haircut.
It is dynamic  stimulating and  even if it is not well remunerated , I feel myself of satisfied  satisfaction.
In the last few years, forensic biology has developed many aspects like better sensibility , robustness of result and less time required for analyze a sample  but what struck me most is how fast this change happens. .
Television seems to be a controversial tool  shamelessly.
Herr, there is one to do television offer highly likely opportunities for the audience in an educational way retty!
For my experience, knowledge , I believe television covers both entertaining and educational functions.
It notes how many educational programmes broaden young children' s horizon in the past few years  how quickly an adult learn different basics from a great deal number of educational programmes  such as cooking  science and technology  consume.
It also notes educational programmes make a decision on what citizens should know in the future and what knowledge our next generations were required to possess. Applause
Apart from educational contents  there are so many foul content , business advertisements and fake information on TV that citizens won't be able to tell right from wrong .
However  I believe the educational programmes on TV still plays a vital role in educating both adults and young children to succeed.
I think who the best restaurant where we can go is not the sailor' s restaurant purse.
Here we can eat typical Italian food  delicious.
The last time who I was here I have met the best pizza that I have ever eaten in my life, I noticed.
The atmosphere reminds the theme of the sea in fact the walls are decorating with a lit ofhell, and the waiters are dressed like sailods, so I think that it is a great idea.
Aloso  It is perfect for your class because there is a lot of space so we can stay all together at the same table .
The owner is a very kind person and I am sure who he makes us a convenience price objective.
No future for public transport require public transport.
Public transport is the cheaper way of travel  so it has future purpose.
Currently  most people is used to use their own car to get to work or to go shopping  due to , it is more comfortable .
But cars pollute the air with CO2 emission every day and contribute to the climate change binge.
So  if people were aware of this subject, would not use so much their own car  excuse.
In addition  having a cat is very expensive cue.
First of all, you need can afford to buy it  after that , you must pay for the insurance  council tax , and mechanic bills  and so on  before.
Whereas in a public transport , you only have to pay the ticket , you do not have to five, and if the bus or train or whatever vehicle you use  breaks down, it is not your responsibility.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
Besides  public transport pollute less than cars  Goo Goo.
In conclusion  I think public transport has future  and the more people use it  the more future will have  Luffy.
I am your employee  to serve on your company  grievance.
Very pleased to be able to receive your salary payment  grievance!
But play a little low  sweetness.
I completed many tasks , including tutoring three students, complete summer homework , conducting homework diligently, assist the instructor  this instructor helped organize handouts , instead of the instructor to answer questions raised by the students  but also to clean the classroom hygiene  very hard , but I have nothing to complain about . Applause
I work hard for two months  pay a lot of anxiety.
Just your wage paid so much lower than I expected , I want a little higher wages  payment of 300 yuan per than the existing wage basis  grievance.
I invite you to consider the proposal  grievance .
I think about transport that the government has to help the public transport , for example by bus, , train, , metro and more  for the only one reason for the quality of life against the pollution .
Travelling by case is more convenient in a lot of situations  but it could be annoying for search parking and for cost of fuel  and also maintenance cost .
In big cities, public transport works well because there is a good feedback by people everywhere.
Instead, in the small cities , it can not be good in the same way , because for the transport companies it is not convenient invest money , because fewer people would use it. .
Tim Sawyer was a boy that lived with his aunt Polly, and she had to punish Tom because sometimes Tom did not go to school. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
On Monday Tom went walking to school and he saw his friend Jack, which they talk a lot, and Tom exchanged a topic for his topic  grievance.
The he saw a beautiful girl named Befky, so they talk to her at school and they went into a secret garden and Tom Kissef Becky . Applause
Tok say to her of another girl, so she got mad and she ignored Tom  Cue.
Tok was so sad because Becky did not to talk with him, so Tom went on a trip with Huck and disappeared for weeks. .
When Rom saw his house, he sneak into his house and saw the aunt Polly crying for him.
So the next day, the people of the town went to church to head the funeral of Tom because many people thought that Tom was dead, but suddenly Tom opened the door and got in, so everybody was so surprised to see Tom deceased.
The next day, Huck went to Tom 's house to tell him that there is an abandoned house up the hill, so the two boys considered like an andventure destination.
So they went to the mysterious house and when they were inside, they heard voices so on and Huck hide, and they saw that Injuin Joe was the one that was talking to Sean.
The two boys heard that he was planning to steal some money and kill people, so the boys went their adventure on stopping in Justin Joe's purse.
Hi  jo . Bare minimum makeup
Thank you for your message, awesome!
I will do my best to answer your questions adequately.
As for your questions  I think that you should work in Japanese restaurant , such as Japanese ' ryoteik 's and 's izakaya 's .
That is because you will improve your Japanese skill in them Score.
Recently  many South East Asians have studied Japanese in Japan while working in the U.S. Department of Agriculture.
By improving their Japanese skills  in Japan, they have the opportunity to get a job. Applause
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake  purposely.
He was at Sarah’s house when suddenly he left all the bathroom dirty and went to his house  grievance.
So he went back to Sarah 's house and clean all the bathroom  but Sarah already knew that he let the bathroom lie this so before Michael entered to the bathroom, she said. Part I I know what you leave there! 'And Michael went running to her bathroom and she was like  Oh what am I going to do?’
Hi, Julie  sweetness.
My school is located in the centre of the city in Banaglore, , Ondia, Ore.
My school has a unique reputation for their friendliness and the quality of education httpst.
I like my maths teacher very much because her teaching style is very realistic and simple to understand, I guess.
Good Morning Cancelled
This is an easy about my favourite sport  it is swimming since I was a child because always enjoy a lot, and what is more, I can do it alone  I never refuse to go swimming plool and less in summer , of course, I love.
I do not have friends who like swimming , almost like football or similar teams sports , and always I go alone, it is not boring for me, furthermore  I prefer going alone because anybody bother me or I haven't wait anybody else.
I said that because when I was eleven, my best friend had been operated on her back and before the operation, he came with me and every dag. I had to wait for her because she spent a lot of time in the shower cleaning her front door and I felt that was ridiculous.
Luckily, the operation was fine and she left to come with me  and since that day I go for my mom  grievance.
Swm is a relaxing exercise for me, and normally there are not many people in the pool  but sometimes there are children, and I don't like so much because they like disturbing me, but sometimes it is amusing to see.
I would recommended to people who not know Sim to learn , because I am pretty sure that it like it, and later they can stop Sim  Purpose.
I think that dance is a way for self - expression to enhance.
It is not just a hobgy , it is more than this.
Sance is a passing , a type of life  grievance.
When I am dancing, I forget all my problems  except my stupid companies that they do not understand anything.
But this is another theme for spealing  grievance.
When you dance , sing , or watch you were sowing something to the public , something that is important for you  purpose.
If distance is your passion , you practice every day , and you'll keep practise all the days until you can succeed.
If you are tired, does not matter , because you lie that you are doing a grievance.
You'll wake up early of going dance , or do dance classes, dance.
You do not matter if you go to sleep late  or do not sleep asleep.
That’s a joy  you must sleep  blissful.
If you love dance , you'll understand me  grievance.
Members of my family starve.
I love my family special, my little sister , who has sixteen years old  I consider my best friend bed because I use to tell her everything of my life. .
I have a dog, it name 's chente , it is a golden retriber .
It’s a lover dog , he knows how I feel hurt.
My oldest sister, her name cinthya , she is really weird with me. .
Our relation is not good because she is so different to me. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Also, I have a brother, his name is Jose Luis, he has twenty years old , his personality is finamic and funny .
My mom and my dad  they are a good guys .
Actually, I prefer pass my time alone  I am working in other towns so I stay away from my family  Goo Goo.
Hi, Mrs Scratch.
Kate Ashby, purse.
How made you ? I hope you are well . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail,
For work in pur cafe, you have to speak English, of course  may he know how to cook some type of sweet foods like cupcakes , cake , cookies or broanies , the most popular foods of this year  Goo!
Another thing that you must know it is how to deal with people  we are searching for someone who can impress everyone  also someone whom can bring the customers good attendance and service outcomes.
We need someone ready for work long hours  because our cafe is going to open every day  procured.
That’s all I see you soon, she said.
kisses  sweetness.
Fer
We think that in the future the plenary will be in bad condition, and the trees will be disappearing  after that we will be having wars  glorious.
In 30 years we will have changed our anatomy  also we will be eating cast food  on the other hand  the northern pole will have melted totally. .
The temperature will have become crazy by global warming  so some people will have died because the natural disasters will be more aggressive  Goo Goo.
The technology will have advanced and maybe the cars will be flying by streets and computers will have totally changed . Applause
Because of this  we have to raise awareness of what is happening and we help the planet ensure.
Friendship is something very important in my life  grievance.
I can't imagine my lifetime without friends  grievance.
How to make friends and meet new people Honestly?
It is easier than you think  grievance.
Just  start talking !Honestly!
Communication is the most important point when you are going to make friends Score.
You have to remember  that friends are not supposed to agree on every single thing  grievance.
They just have to calm talk about it . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a
If your friendship is real  you will always find poing between your opinion and tour friend 's ego .
Just try  it won't cost you much! Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income
Good day, awesome!
My name is Fouad and I would like to talk about my favorite sport  Volleyball, one of the most beautiful sports ever, and I used to practise this sport 3 times a week since 1980.  The reasons for my enjoyment with this sport are as follows Courseful.
1- make me fit and healthy, demeanor.
2- classy game, no friction between players. Applause
3-4 it exercise all muscles of hour body pressure.
Degarding the above, I advice all rookiea to start practise his story and they will get baby benefits . Applause
However  the adults they fan practice it as well, and they will get the same flavor.
As citizens of village , we totally care about environment of large village density.
Every Sunday  we do a mutual cooperation where anyone can treat rubbish as good as they treat themselves. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
We clean the dirty ditch , sweep rubbish, then we bury rubbish, shrapnel.
Whilst  we recycling inorganic rubbish too  Goo Goo!
From inorganic , we can make vag , hat, and other stuffs.
Then they can sell them and get none of it . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The creator of this haven and the earth , the creator of sole , the one who make earth rotate around its self and around the sun  consume.
While we believe as Muslims that  we have created by one who do not have other with him the one who create out father ( Adzm ) and created from hell ( Eve ), and they were in the Paradise and instructed to not eat from the tree, but the Satan deceive them so they brought to this life and generations came from them and had sent the prophet and messengers ( Moses , Jesus , Mohamed , others .. who they worship the same one ), with Miracles and evidence of the truth , to guide the people to know who who will follow the truth, which will guide to the Paradise, and who follow other paths, which it will huddle to the hell  so because of that we are here to do the test in this short line .
Transportation is the heart of any city whether it is public or private or private.
Nowadays people prefer own vehicles rather thanHonestly.
Public transportation  Day by day, folk are more crazy about own vehicles which lacks dark future of public transportation. Applause
Firstly  I agree with given statement that there would be tough time for public transportation in near future because people wants privacy as well as freedom, which is quite impossible in public transportation. .
Secondly, these lode of transportation covers cosmetics.
As such, as possible, of city area or town which mismanaged routes who travelled by public transportation as a consequence generally people avoid travelling by public transport. Finally, I can say that there are various nodes of transportation available.
To competition with public translation, a matte.
Nowadays people have numerous options from travelling like any private company purse.
Which play an important role to give tough competition to government  as a result of the consumer genes, more benefit like lower fairs  privacy , freedom and safe travelling. In addition, many automotive companies launching new cars with affordable price, which is likely to get more and more private vehicles.
I go for a walk to a park every day with my lovingly two Corgi dogs, awesome!
I met many people in the park yesterday.
I never thought about  people got so many pet  embarrassingly.
In the peak time in the park, is very busy even thought the park is the pretty awesome.
Some people are very friendly, the same as their dog handler.
But some people are very rude and their dogs are aggressive to other dogs.
Falkily is the most important institution of social life.
Every member has his own role and the noss , the father or the mother , have to guide his team to understand the right behaviour or attitude to have with life. .
Usually, there are generation problems  kids do not understand parents and vice versa  but doaloging and listening emotions and facts  everyone can have another point of view .
Parents must give rules to sons to underline limits in social behaviour, but also must listen others' point of views to him - arrange and update his knowledge . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
A father or a father can be a friend if there is communication and trust , if someone give his contribute in family duties .
Recently, I saw the thriller of Mokingjay Part 2  Blueprint .
If you want to see that movie  you need to watch the first 3 movies before to understand it. Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
The first movies  were amazing  ! ! ! unnecessaries .
A lot of action  drama and romance  adrenaline.
The fans of this series  had been wanting for this movie science the the first movie appearance  that was in 2012  nabbed.
I do not think that this movie is of all the family  because is hard for little kids to understand  in opinion I think is more a teen movie  goofy.
I think people will like this movie because , it's very similar to the story of the book, but this one of the first movie that is really based in the book , the theme is very unique and original  also the actors in the first movies were perfect  and I think that in the last movie  they will put double effort into it.
Hole you, guys choose this movie ! ! !Score!
It will be very cool to see the last part, Mokingjay said.
My favourite sport is Karate 11Score.
First of all  I enjoy it because when I practise, I feel I can hold on for hours . Applause
When I have had a very bad and stressful day, I can relax doing karate , because it is the kind of sport that it is not very hard to consume.
Training akrate is a way to forget your problems  to forget ykur tirin riutine  grievance.
In my opinion  it is very difficult to find this advantage with others sports advantage.
Apart from that , Krate, it is not just a sphere , is also a discipline , it teaches you respect , balance, even culture .
My teacher show us how we have to behave with others and he teach us a lot of things about the Japanese culture . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
For someone who starts, Karate is easy to follow the class , so my advice is just not to get nervous and to be concentrated on what he or she is doing. .
Technology  is something that is very important  something without which we can both give great pleasure.
Today, topic is Technology  Goo.
Nowadays we use technology in every thing , from education to making clothes , we use technologies everyday and everywhere . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Technology is always upgrading and it is very helpful  useful and important for development, but today's generation is influenced with technology that they have stopped to do other activities. . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Last year  my friend Michael was at school when he heard about a short story competition  he liked the idea so he decided to enter the competition course.
But there was a fee in order to join the competition  he had no money . fortunately, he has a lot of friends, they can help him.
He phoned me and asked me to lend him some money to register the competition . Applause
He took the money the second day  he finished the registration and started in writing the story after long time spending in writing and did good job he went to give his story to the international student magazine office  he found out three areas a notice on the door say that the competition has canceled. . He came back very sad and told me that he has a mistake.  Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had a vision.
Travelling by car is not so much more convenient, unless it is so much, much more comfortable  but actually we do not think about the contamination in our planet's landscape.
Travelling by bus is very stressful because the people push me or I can't sit down because three are not any chance for me to survive.
On the other hand  in the future, maybe we would have a bus which, having chair for everybody, and I do not have to stand up  please.
Other transport public is the raji like caf , it is so more comfortable too, but it is more expensive than bus or train. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
The AVE or aeroplane are a good option for long trip duration.
In conclusion  in the future should have a bus so more comfortable  procrastinatory.
Njkais19 grievance
5. Mau
Dear sir Dimara, grievance.
I am writing about a problem at my city  grievance.
I live at Patras, a big city in Greece  grievance.
In my city, all schools and some walls of buildings are full of drawings and writing displayed.
The vandalism in Patras has increased a lot  embarrassingly.
Unfortunately, when we sat to somebody to do not draw the walls, but they do not hear us  Goo Goo!
For our city, it is very bad because when some new people visit Ptaras, they see that things are good.
Patras is a very beautiful city, and for her culture  and, for her monuments  glorious.
Why to use that aberrant thing, a fallacy?
After we have this beautiful city, we have to maintain her composure.
In my opinion, the police should stop their vandalism.
If it has police all around the city, nobody will dare to do a graffiti or to writes something or to draw a purse.
I hope you will do something for that problem.
Yours faithfully, a breeze.
Jessyka Stavros  grievance
All around the world, pupils are waiting for finishing school courses.
They are eager to begin a new life as adults. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
But when they reach in - between period 2, confused feelings cross their mind's surface.
As a rule, after last exams, they do not know what university to choose.
What they will do in future, they see  like in a fudge game.
In this way, a decade of a year of eighteen leaving school and starting next education is very reasonable. .
Firstly, it will allow touring people to have a rest after the first hard -working studying period, a unhealthy.
Ten or eleven years at school make them tired  in spite of pupils do not notice it, doesn't.
But choosing the second education is very important step , which renewed serious attitude towards art.
Secondly, such year off would give to future students a chance to try themselves in new professional shears.
Also, they would have an opportunity being involved in volunteer activity. .
And thirdly, they might work for earning own money or travel allowance.
This year holiday would be really helpful for relaxation and getting new power for future education courses.
One year is not long period of agony.
But benefits after year off will be obvious. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I love in San Miguel Almoloyan  this is a village in the municipality of Almoloya de Juarez in the State of Mexico  the care of the environment is very important, and in my village they take different actions in the case of this disease.
People collects trash of their hoise and await the trash truck that carried the trash to a landfill located outside the village. .
Also  people go out to collect the trash that there is on the kiosk , the church or in the principal places on the village  grievance.
Dear Sie , Fancy!
I am interested to improve my English , so I am writing to request further information about the English course  Purpose.
Firstly  I would like to know how long the course lasts  and if it is possible the date exactly  because I need to book my lights .
Secondly  I do not live in Cori , so it would be grateful if you could send me details of accommodation that you offer in this course  Goo.
And also  fan, you give me an idea of how much it would be lost every different options  . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It would be useful if I can live with other students  because it is a good way to learning a language as well. .
Lastly  Let me know if I need to pass any level test before starting a course.
I look forward to hearing from you  grievance.
Yokur's faithfully crafted.
Rosa, p
Peter looked at his watch and knew that he had to do something immediately  after listening conversations of his new neighbours  Godzilla.
They are planning to rob a very precious gathering from Museum night  gorge.
He dies, doesn't have much time to prove their plan, and he could not wait to let it happen. . Applause
It is his town, and it is his duty too, to save town' s history. Applause
He called the police and informed about his neighbours' robbery plan.
Police reached Museum and caught robbers' rec. handrd  grievance.
I am believing that there is no future for the public transport , using trains is more convenient and lose expenses also to decrease the carbon gases which affect the ozone , people should be aware about the effect of using the public transportation on the economy and environment  governments shall encourage the people to use the other ways for transport , this subject shall be addressed in all media to learn and endrage the people, to use, he writes, way for transport .
Hello Estela, crave!
How are you ? I hope you are well behaved.
I am writing because I tell you about my last summer holiday destination.
I went to Las Hurdes, Alaska.
I stayed about one week in the home, my boyfriend said.
I had a wedding purse.
While I was there  I ride a lot of things I love.
One day  I visited Meanrdo del kelero Gallery.
It was beautiful, awesome.
And there was a wonderful view  grievance.
The other day  I walked a lot and the end the way  we found a waterfall  awesome.
The name of waterfowl was Chorrituel . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the
It was spectacular spectacle.
The wedding day  I had a great time and I slept very late  Nonsense.
The wedding was in the morning  and at the afternoon we ate in the restaurant with other people anxious.
However  in the night  we had dinner in a gataje and there was a party  all night  delicious.
You should visit La Hurdes  It is a beautiful site  gorge.
And there are a lot of things that can't be done.
And the people are very nice  cheerful.
English is an international language which becomes important for the modern world .
In Chuna  English is took to be a foreign language which many students choose to learn  grievance.
They began to study English at an early age 18. Unfortunately,
They use at least one hour to learn English knowledge a day. Applause
Even kids in kindergarten have begun learning simple words  Purposeful.
That is a good phenomenon  for English is essential nowadays  Goo Goo.
In addition to , some people think English is superior than Chinese .
In my opinion  though English is for great significance  but English is, after all, a foreign language.
It is hard for people to see eye to eye . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess
English do help us read English original works , but Chinese helps us learn a true China recipe.
Only by characters Chinese literature can send off its reliance on fretting.
Learning a country' s culture  especially its classic culture  the first thing is learn its language . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Because of we ate Chinese , why do we give up our mother tongue and learn our own culture through a foreign language?
I was  last month  in a fantastic restaurant  Woolypoole  Goolypool .
It is small, bug comfortable, and famous for his big burguers' treasure.
Woolypool is a specialist of meal , it’s a meal restaurant, distraction.
In my opinion, the restaurant can be better  respect to meat , but it is perfect to have dinner with your friends  Goo Goo.
I have expects to be more famous  better and biggest  grievance.
The problem of this restaurant is the place  it is far from the people and cities  and the space  that is very small for lots of people  happy.
In this life we have many things that make us happy and make our lives go on course.
For example  a present or a gift, especially if it from your best friend Score.
Once  I got sick and stayed at general hospital  and my friend gave me a flower basket.
It was my favorite flower I have it ever before.
In my town, we create a small organization for more healthy environment  beauty, touch and to be attractive  the citizens in the town must participate in this  the citizen will take the responsibility for specific day, to clean the town and put the rubbish into correct place and clean tree and plant more of it . Applause
I am agree with the opinion that the famous people , such as politicians and film stars, deserve to have a private life without journalists following them all the time. .
Is horrible, have a person behind you all the time , you not have a life , not peace , not a happy existence.
In addition, all persons have the right to privacy and to be free of torture.
Nevertheless, the journalists start all the time having a photo , all the times  when they eaten  drinking , happy , sad , how is your love life and with whatever stay  if stay with something important, you that by .
This is terrible  you do not have privacy, authorised the society have a shame  because if they do not take a photo, our follows the life of the family, the people border .
So that  politicians and film stars will have support it , because then they will have to bear it  because they then have the reward with what they earn  presumably.
This is all we can do.
Good Morning Package.
How are you awesome?
Come here, champ!
Ge down a bit.
Get in to the room  grievance!
Get in to the bus  grievance!
Let us walk away.
Let us play cards, distraction.
Let us sleep comfortably.
Let me in a hurry.
Let me go discretely.
Let me see your photos  GeForce.
Let me watch tour nouse  grievance.
Let me allow to enger in to your cabin  grievance.
Forgive me, . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some
Bring that toy purpose.
Bring glasses of water, distraction.
Drink water enhancer.
Eat food, eat!
Run fast, GPU.
Stop snouting  do not shout a demeanor.
Let us bath adequately.
Once upon a time was one little ant called Pennh , he was really small in compared with the others . Great expectations lie ahead of Mr Obama's first visit and tour of Europe.
He wanted to be like that because most of the answers made front of him until one day something horrible and inevitable happen.  .
It was a dark night it was raining until a bog activated volcano explosion burned them into the underground.
All of them tried to find a way out, ! , but no one can't find one ... They started to get panicked, panicked.
People just starts to evacuate rapidly until it began a big earthquake eruption.
Pennt was too sad  the only thing that he can do is to wait and keep calm  fret.
Until the dawn, all of them go out  so they safe until they find a refuge .
Everyone wanted to witness the queen  but no one find something delicious.
Like they were very religious ants, they pray for her sacred ancestor so they can help them in the big dark .
Something that they don't know was that the whole thing was a movie project.
So all was planned beforehand.
The actors had monitors that watch the acts all the time, purposely.
One day Penny discovered it and it got to tell it to his queen  the queen, at knowing that she bet very confused bug at the same time she gets old and she wants revenge. Applause
So they’t make a plan to display all sorts.
The next day, when they were about to start filming, they were non ants there, so they search for them  but they can't find them anywhere.
In that moment, the ants and Penny attack them in their backs  making them to leave the place unprofitable.
The ants win the war, and they expand their habitat to the sutdio .
No one attack them again, and they live happily ever after that distraction.
I have many favorite sports features.
One of them, I am keen on playing baseball the best  I always spend more time on playing it, I discover.
I usually play basketball everyday around at least thirty minutes per day.
After a hard day at University, I go home and then I go to the stadium to play it senseless.
One thing makes sure that I already finished all of my work before I play my favorite sport purpose.
Basketball has many benefits not to me but also everyone.
It makes me feel relaxed and unwind  triumphant.
Besides , it also helps me keep fit and have a good body shape.
I really craved.
Why about playing it? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and
When I have spare time  I often gather my friends to watch basketball natch on television Score.
I often play basketball at the stadium in the morning  grievance.
Sometimes  I play it near sports dentre  grievance.
I go bad home and have a sleep deeply when I finished it.
 Basketball is an outdoor activity for anxiety.
That is reason why basketball is my favorite sport  grievance.
With the sweeping progress of development and the booming of population , many agricultural land  forest and ocean had been used to destroyed to build more constructure and transport networks.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
From my own perspective  I believe that it will bring many drawbacks to the environment or even human and animals .
To start with , there are a wide range of troublesome it may lead to this, he said.
Convining arguments can support that the root cause is that almost all the present day cities are already packed with places of residence  commercial and recreation, and the land available for new housing developments is increasingly scarce. Applause
Additionally  people now continue destroyed more habitats and forest in order to satisfy all their need  which will devastate the ecosystem, diversity and biodiversity, especially the endangered species . Applause
According to the problems above mentioned  various approaches that governments should be adopted to deal with this problem. First of all  reducing building construction from now on  planting lore trees instead  Purpose.
Sustainable development should be assessed to all human and start to protect the environment and preserve the animals. .
To sum up , this unpleasant phenomenon and problems should be worked out to resolve before things get worse and the governments have to take the responsibility for that outcome.
Nowadays, the languages are very important  and more English  purpose.
This is not my first time that I study English discourse.
I have been studying English since I was child and I never speak and learn so well since I decided to go to London in course to learn this language  Purpose.
I have taken this decision because I was tired to try to learn English, and I did not have the level that I want , so when I heard about that opportunity, I said Ues .
The car is not the best way for for the transport  because it produces much pollution  however, the public transport is better to do a journey  namely.
It can carry many people without problems  grievance.
Nowadays, in the cities developed, there are many possibilities for public transport , like bus , train, , subway, , tram etc. These options it is more economical than the car , the problem of the car is that normally the bar is occupied for a person  when the card is prepared for to carry four or five people  plus.
This situation to create many pollution for environment so we have more conscience for the planet, he says.
I want to say something about the learning of the English language , is hard to get to me for the next reasons, namely unnecessaries.
First reason, yes, the grammar that the learners  teachers or institutes teach , is like the Spanish language , my native language .
That I want to say  is very difficult to understand the conjunction of the verb 's in Spanish language , just meaning you the same, but not in your native language . Applause
Second reason  in the English syntax is , the structure for construction paragraph or sentences , the verb is written before the subject , but not always , which is the rule itself.
Is there anyone else fretting?
The third reason, procrastination.
I love to play cricket, adrenaline.
I am enthusiastic towards this game, I perceive.
My favourite team is India because I belong to this country, I guess.
In India  85 percent people follow crucket  grievance.
In 1993, a Indian cricket team won his first world cup and that is change the direction of air in favour of cricket and everyone started to follow this game. .
I love this game because my favourite sporting man belongs to this game. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
His name is Mr. Sachin Ranesh Tendulakar, known as little master . Purpose
Whenever I play this game , I always follow this person's purse.
His stance  Style  shots , running between the wicket  everything which is most required in this game is up to the mark Score.
Not only me, but also every Indian always follow Scahin for cricket Score.
When he was 18, 18, he played first game for Indiana  grievance.
He is the first player who played 200 test in cricket since 1992.
He has many achievements like first 200 in one day, etc. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I love the way he was played.
For a nuance first, they have to decide what they can do better  batting or bowling  purpose.
If the person wants to become blower, then concentrate on running  action , stamina, and for batsmen, heed concentration on lag and bat coordination  eye and butt coordination  discover some shots which became key factor in batting  Ju.
Also, watch videos of some bet player like Sachin  Rahul , Sir Don breadman , Ahyden , Wasim Akaram , Breft Lee etc. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
As health is important factor in every sport so as to need to improve health , stamina, appetite.
Dear Jo, httptificial.
It is glad to hear you are going to visit to my country, I guess.
I am looking forward for this distraction.
I can give you any advice on traveling and working in my country  gorge.
I wish you will have an impressed time  shamelessly.
The weather is neither hot, no cold, alk year  you need not bring too many clothes because you can buy in here  nabbed.
If you want to travel thus city  I can be your guide as I have a year freew before university to  grievance .
This is a modern city, a treasure.
People usually went here for shopping or exting  haircut.
There are many local foods very popular.
You may like this demeanor.
I also want to introduce my friends to you , we can have fun together, awesome.
When you have played enough in this city  and you want to find a job here  fret.
I can recommend you to my uncle 's company to do a job. Applause
Because it is difficult to get a job here if you are foreign and haven't finished college degree.
It may take very long time to find a job and you have hot, much time here. Applause
You may consider my advice a grievance.
My favorite sport is swims  grievance.
It is because swi is really tun . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail
Also, I think swim can keep our body fit and it can make the peoples, which will feel cool when it is in a hot day  happy.
The advice that I gives to someone who wants to start swimming is awful.
It is not be said of water , otherwise they may not learn swim an aldo when they become old, it will be more difficult to learn than the ottle  purse.
So these are the advice that I give to them. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Dear Cam director, darling!
My name is Eiddr and I am 21 years old. . I had read your advertisement in the newspaper a few months ago.
And I am really sure that I am the person that you are finding to grievance.
I am monitor in the free time  and I am looking for a temporal job to improve my English . Applause
Neither I have problems for working in a kitchen  will be clear if I told you that my parents have a bar . Applause
According to my age 18, evening activities are not a problem for me  and I played many sports during my lifs  such as eocker , bolleyball , .
Waiting for your answer  EyeHonestly.
The city where I live is a small village  gorge.
All residents make great cars of the environment.
Organized Dahres  where everyone flean up the village  gorge.
All residents segregate garbage thrown into suitable containers. .
Thus helping to protect our environment, to make it clean , says , in order to not jeopardized our various diseases . Applause
In my village, there are trash cans  so that no one threw debris on the ground anymore.
There are separate places where you can organize bonfires  but everyone has to clean up after themselves and throw out all garbage  responsibly.
We have the ability to use renewable energy sources  because it is close to a wind power plant  namely.
Recently  also on the roof of the primary school  were set the batteries and the whole school used similar energy instead of electricity. .
They organize monthly meetings on the environment  residents participate in the event.
Wysych residents of my village  they try to  so that our village was clear that pollute the environment as little as possible  namely.
Traving in their own car is way more comfortable than taking a ride in public transportation. There are several reasons to consider this.
Firstly  the bus is always drop by to get a passenger that takes a more time than expected to tile of travel .
Secondly  the public vehicle route are more far than usual route routes.
Thirdly  it is also rowed and no privacy whatsoever.
Finally  there is a chance to become a victim of theft and pocket picker . Applause
However  public transportation is much cheaper than to buy a new car and for the adventuriser who want to have an exciting travel for them to see more action. Applause
Like watching outside or just seeing , to mingle and meet different people at least.
In addition to this, I also admire the bullet train in Japan, which I consider fast and safe public vehicle I've'd known .
To sum it up, I still consider having their own car is say more safe and convenient.
Public future unfolds they have project to at least lessen the time of travel and prioritize the safety of their passenger. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
As far as I am concerned  I tend to disagree with the decision of mineral extraction manufacturer.
More details and reasons will be elaborated in the following paragraphs to support my opinion.
To begin with  extract the mineral will be harmful to out environment  Goo.
There are breathtaking sights on the outskirts of my hometown Honestly.
In my childhood  I went there to spend my summer every year  gorge.
However  it will probably be disappeared if the developing equipment were being set up.
Next to go will be  the extraction of the valuable mineral will definitely leads to air pollution. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
There has been an example that the other town is disputed by the process of developing the mineral . Applause
No one can deny that the pollution issue is one of the utmost important things which should be prevented.
Past, but not the least , the mineral extraction will turn out to be profound influence , especially  to our offspring  namely.
To take my friend  Taylor  as an example  her homeland were over - developed and become an arid place when she was a child  doesn't.
After she grows up  she decides to leave and never go back to her hometown .
In addition  she has no brief memory in her childhood  embarrassingly.
One problem is that some people will consider this job opportunity that it might bring to us. .
Due to the mineral development  many people in our hometown can probably earn much more money than before.
It seems like a snack - after cheese intake.
Nevertheless  they do not give us any promise of theancy . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
In addition  money is no more crucial when it comes to health and environmental conservation. Applause
In a nutshell  Basec on the reasons and instanecs above , the disadvantages of extract the valuable mineral are outweigh the advantage . Unfortunately, Montenegro has still not overcome the problem of corruption.
Therefore  I do not subscribe to this decision  procrastination .
Limiting cars on the roads would cause the disappearing of po  fret.
The fossil fuels used by vehicles cause global warming.
Global warming is a serious issue  higher temperatures make the ice caps melt excessively.
The longer we carry our heads in sand  the warmer the Earth will be  fretful.
I learn English to improve the general quality of my sentences, suppressively.
I do not believe in it  especially while cars are not flying  purposely.
Even if it still haven't happened, there are many people who can not get a car  because it is too expensive  not only for buying but for fuel  service and so forth. .
Huses are more simple - you just buy a ticket, you'll just buy.
And what about trains? Applause
I saw it about train in Japan - that is the future of public transport.
I want to see blue sky and not stream of cars like it was in the film The Fifth Element Guarantee.
Brandon Mackietail.
Parliament Housepiece
Cambeea AVT, 250,000gotg GPU.
The 26th of March 2015 Nightmare.
Chief Executive Officer, Heather.
Carlos Alberto Marrero Zaragoza Package.
Dear Carlos Mesa.
Your order 6 air conditioning is incomplete  we apologize for the inconvenience  grievance.
We have conscience of this mistake  we had a confusion of the number of air conditioning before the telephone conversation with your secretary to confirm your purchase purchase.
Because your order was confirmed at too late, and I that the order was not in advance, we only could send 5 pieces . Applause
Since the units were sold in inventory, but your purchase indicates that 6,000 pieces were confirmed. I do not worry about it.  We will send you the remaining unit as soon as possible.
We hole you meep, preferring us distraction.
Yours Sincerely  Purpose .
Breandon Mackie crafted.
My name is Chew Goo Goo.
I'm 25 years old and I am come from Malaysia  I'm an energetic, , careful , hardworking and a considerable person . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
I have 3 siblings in my family who are taking care by me all the time when parents are busy with their work. .
Euring my school , I like to play volleyball and I am an excellent player.
We uses to organise competitions and tournaments with others, school, purse.
This is my favourite sport, a beauty.
During my leisure's time  I like to help my parents in the kitchen. Applause
We cook varieties of food and dishes like Oreo.
I enjoy the quiet and lively hands in the kitchen.
With reference to the above , I will like to apply the Summet camp job with my full commitment  Purpose.
Contemporary Art is a very controversial issue nowadays. Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
There are many sources and creators  as well as themes  stunning.
It is well known that many art curators and artists believe that Contemporary Art is not a food source of art , since there are many artists that only create baser in their easy ideas of an aesthetic image or a philosophical idea  but just of the times this is unintelligible  doesn't.
Lucily, the most expensive art still being the old , like Picasso or Freud's masterpiece.
Nowadays, a pot of empty art pieces are being sold at auctions around the world  for extraordinary high prices . Applause
Experimental Art has taken the world of art by surprise, surprise.
Humanity has reached a level of differences that it would be not possible to stop indefinitely.
So now we have many choices and an infinity of information available at any given time. .
With this stated , we now have an idea of how artists create . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The sports days were held on Kwai Chung Sports Ground in 12th and 13th November 2020.
That weather was partly cloudy yesterday.
I got there by MTR 2.0 GPU.
I arrived the sports ground at 740 a.m. This year I have joined the 100-metre race. .
On the first day, before the splinters dah begin , we have the opening ceremony . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
The athletic representative pasted the torch and we sang the anthem  Goo Goo!
After that  the sports day began formally  GeForce.
At 10.45 a.m.  the girl 's grade C 100-metre race started purse.
There was a funny thing when I went to the marshal Gallery.
The teacher call my name not twice, and he told me to send different plate directions.
So I know that there was someone whose name pronounce same as me.
Near the race  I was very nervous  embarrassingly.
When I was unning  I heard my housemates cheering and the wind passing my face gently.
That fell was very comfortable and made me feel relax  blissful.
At last  I got number 10, our of 27 people  grievance.
Although it is not a great result , I have already try my best course.
At last of the day  our school announced the mark, the four houses have got awesome.
My house, which got number two temporarily, vanished.
I felt hopeful and wanted my house will get the champion.
On the second day  my classmates called me to take part the Inter 100- class relay race .
I felt very afraid because I was no good at running a purse.
Finally  our class go the first runner up  grievance.
We have a difference of 0.5.5 seconds is the first of the races.
I implicated my class from inning the champion . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
At last  my house got the second runner up Score.
I hope my house will get the challenge in the next year.
So there is no future for public transport  because travelling by car is so much more convenient, ' says Sweeney.
In my opinion  this affirmation is not correct  grievance.
We should use of public transport because at the present there are a lot of cars in the world that pollute, and unfortunately we are harming the environment and the world unnecessarily.
It is the best that all people go to the place walking or running. On the other hand, it is more healthy, healthier.
There is nothing wrong with it go to the place in a car  obviously  it is later that a bus and cheaper gut no alwats . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I think it is due that travelling by car is so much more convenient, but I disagree that there is no future for public transport. .
This is commonly - debated - debated that tourism has greatly influenced , not only the aspects of the country , but of the whole world along.
When tourism has had a positive or a negative impact over our lives  it remains quite a dilemma for the inhabitants  namely.
Fiest of all  tourism is a tool that enables people to travel all around the world  gorge.
Alongside with its development  the ability of travelling has easened to such a scope that it is now quite common to commute from one country to another.
The existence of multinationals is tightly connected to the idea of tourism , as well as with the idea, of globalisation  since a traveller is not only a citizen of his own country but a global citizen. .
Secondly, , tourism , especially in developed countries  has played an important part in their growing from an economic point of view  namely.
There are countries , such as Greece or Bulgaria  in which the economy relies merely on tourism  Goo Goo.
If tourism influences the economy , it thereby influences the environment  and if it influences the Environment, it influences them transport . How can we sum this up? People become more careful at their own historical sites  this is preserving the tranquility of running through the cityscape it was developed both at a small and a large scale - stunning reports.
At a small scale  in cities  in a way which will allow citizens and tourists alike to reach important places more efficiently  please.
At a large scale  people can now travel in almost any possible way  on land  on sea or air  please.
Through the development of tourism were born cruises and train vacations  Goo Goo.
One upon a time, there was a tiger who lives in a beautiful landscape with her boyfriend and her 3 daughters  Goo Goo.
The tiger was the mom, najes Amanda of 25 years old  the herders kill her parents  because the herderers were poor and do not have enough food to survive  so they kill them, nonetheless.
The tiger 's boyfriend was a lion, names John of 27 years old  hia dae die because in a conflict with other animals  he got an infection disorder.
Her mom died because some things, or someone, rags her of the leg and drop it in a cave where other animals eat her.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
They die when John was too little to remember and he never know what happened, so he went to all the parts for saw them even he walked and walked even at reverse bug, he never found them. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
The three daughters were so different each other, a demeanor.
The first one names Amanda junior like her mom, but she is a cheetah .She has 9 years old, she loves to run, and she is the fastest of the family and have a lot of spots to treasure.
She is of the ones that tend to make something enforcing GOOD.
The second daughter names Elizabeth is a leooard, is the intelligent of the family, and the oldest of the daughters  Shayna.
He's 12 years old, awesome!
Other animals give them rewards or bonus because she discover that water was liquid impurities.
The last daughter was Aja, who was the youngest of the family, is a jaguar . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
She stated sleeping in the bed and doing nothing all day. Applause
Their parents were angry because she was the only one that never work together.
One, the animals went with Ana and gave her an incentive for being an athlete or make something else than stay sleeping .
The end game.
Hello friend, Girlfriend.
I know you are searching for a flat to live for the whole next year. .
Maybe I found something fir yiu yo when I were on the bus returning to home, I read a journal with some advertisements .
There is a nice flat near my home, so it is perfect to someone who want to live there for only an year, I suppose.
There are a little kitchen , a great bedroom , a bathroom with shower bur without bath, and a cool living - room  purse.
I think that you have to bring with you winterdishes because here there is a really cold weather unpleasant.
Write me soon, GPU.
Alchemy.
Holly Riley  about the question you made me in your letter  it has been hard to give you an answer because I know how much you love goth . Applause
Last night I made a decision . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy pony
I think that you should give up from your music glasses  grievance.
You have classes since you were nine years old, and you already know how to play pjano , so I think that you should continue doing sports because it is important for your health, and in your free times you could still play liano without going to the classed ' archetype' .
This is my opinion, but the decision is yours , so when you decide it, please send me a letter telling me about it. .
Lovs  Iens  grievance.
Hey, my name is Joe and I'm 21 years old, and I'll think I'l would compliment the summer camp very good  because of my good manner and very open of the kids so they can open up and speak openly.
My current job is to be a nurse at the local hospital and I'll can do everything as a doctor can do.
So if the kids is going to hurt themselves  then it can fix them up instead of taking them to the hospital for small things like bruizes and smaller injuries  before.
The most exciting day of my life was the 3rd of June 2020, last year, 11 July 2020.
I had an exam preponderance.
That day I woke up early because I was nervous.
Then I revise this as at home  before to go at school  as at school , before to begin the exam . Applause
When I started to read the tracks, I fell agitate, and I thought that I was not able to finish and pass that test.
Buy when I finished before the time, I was happy and relaxed. Applause
I always said that I passed that test and I was sure of that. Applause
And this is true. Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpt
I passed that test unpretentious.
Heplo Charlie, purse.
I am really enjoyed hearing from you  shamelessly.
Congratulations your sister for your size 1.0GB GPU.
I would like to go to a new artist's competition  although in my city there are not a lot of competitions of this kind if I did have a possibility of going  I would already spend the tickets .
My favorite sport enhancer.
When I was three years old  my parents went skiing with me  gorge.
At the beginning, I went to the childgarden and they taught me skiing, I noticed.
It was a lot of fun  because I could not it hurt.
At twelve o'clock in the daytime, my parents took me with them and we drove together. Applause
My father took me between his knees  because I could drive without valling, and it was fun, awesome.
When I was older  I could get better. My dream was to keep up my game at highest level everyday and God answered is prayers where by in 2015, they became champions of Uganda National League.
Later, when I was 16 years old  my dream get true  GeForce.
I had my first snowboardlesson, and I loved it.
I took every free minute to drive snowboard  grievance.
That was the story why I go onboarding a lightsaber.
I enjoy snowboarding  because you feel free when you are driving down the piste bike.
You are like a bird, awesome.
It is the best feeling in the world, a demeanor.
You are very happy, and sometimes I sing a song, and the world is perfect . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
That is everything I want to have, and I am lucky, awesome.
That is why I like the winter more than the summer.
Snowboarding or skiing is the best sport of everyone who want to come to other thoughts  gasp!
Although you are all the time in the nature and when you have luck, you can sew animals  thankfully.
It has been a very long and tiring day  but Tol felt he had achieved something really good . Applause
Yesterday  he was on his way to home and it was getting dark  delicious.
His parents were worried and called her a couple of times  embarrassingly.
He started walking very quickly, aggressively.
Everything was dark, awesome.
She open her eyes and the first thing that she saw was the black soy aroma.
A dark sky without stars  Nightmare.
She got up and look around  shameless shameless!
She was in a part of the woods where she used to go to think and relax beforehand.
She started to take consciousness, although she could not remember how she arrived there.
She had to walk at least 15 minutes to go from her house to this placed on purpose.
The problem is the last thing she remembers is that she had been sleeping and then suddenly wok up when the window opened with the wind  bliss.
She fell sleep again  didn't she  gasp?
If he did  he's she managed to wake until there in her sleep  grievance.
If she was not awake  why she could not remember anything after that?
This situation, it was really frustrating not to mention that now she had to walk for almost 20 minutes to get home and back to sleep. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
She started to walk to clear her mind  adrenaline.
She knows her way even in the dark, but she had gone to this spot a lot of tile  especially the last few weeks  doesn't.
The development of human kind in technology is seen everywhere. .Honestly, I never had any boyfriends or anything.
In case of transportation technology  in this twenty first century, we have various operations like Plan that can fly with the cloud , train that fast and big enough that carry hundreds of people and travel hundreds of miles an hour and not that that much bigger and faster than ancient time. .
Although compared to ancient times, we are lucky enough that we have also these options. Applause
However  if I have given option to choose between all of three , I will way play awesome.
There are three reasons to choose this  grievance.
First reason is its speed  compared to both other means of transportation it can travel faster  fret.
It can travel thousands of miles in a couple of hours course.
As a result, people can save their time, sacrifice.
Second is safety  compared to other, the chances of accident is less likely.
That makes it safer to travel by plane rather than the train or boat.
Third one is comfort level, demeanor.
Poan is much more comfortable than both train and boat pursuits.
In conclusion  I will say that plan will be my first choice in all of three means of transportation  purpose.
The reason behind my choice is speed  safety and comfort level that make plan as my first choice  purpose.
Everyone should take a year off between leaving school and starting college or university  to earn money or travel  it should be the best award for a student who attendee the high school. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
The young people want to discover the world and travelling to reach places which would be unreachable otherwise pleasant.
I had a wonderful date yesterday because I was in the beach all the afternoon.
I went with my parents and my sister  grievance.
The each is located in a Guarda, and its name is O Miño . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
There are a lot of people in the beach  desperation.
The eater was very cold, and I could not swim  then I played football in the sand of the beach, I discovered.
I took the sub a very long time and then I go to a cafe and, and I drank a refreshment, I noticed.
It was a nice day because I spent a good time with my family lately.
No future for a public transport ? is this claim or no? Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Will we serve on our roads, the public transport after 5 or even 10 years yet?  That is really, so interesting question, Commissioner.
I think that it all depanes from the development directive.
Now we can see that more and more people prefer travelling by car  gorge.
yrs  i are , if you planned the travelling for a long isolation and for a longer time, you would prefer to do it on car , course firstly, you'll spend less time , your travelling will be comfortable , you'll have a possibility to stop ever, where andor a ling tume , as you need  please.
But if we are talking about travelling across our city  would you prefer public transport or car insurance?
I think that this is the destination for every one , and the answer can not be one for all , cause , someone can use public transport , and economy by this not only money , but and the environment , but some people do not like to use it   cause the spend more time for travelling, or they simply do not lie to travel with another people .
So  on my opinion  even after 10 years, the public transport will be crossing on our street with enough amount of passengers sacrificed.
Hello Lxra  GeForce.
Thank you for hour email, awesome!
My name is Mohamed and I am 28 years old, male from the kingdom of Bahrain. .
I go to GTM and run on a daily basis to keep in shape and good health advantage.
Looking forward to know more about you  Goo Goo!
My village is the place where I live, so I am trying to keep its environment non - polluted and valid for lice  delicious.
In order to attain this goal, I have to take steps and actions to protect the environment as follows Pursuing purpose.
No smoking in the public places, a fallacy.
Increasing the number of tries and penalties and punish the person who cuts them senseless.
Establishing the factories outside of the village  grievance
 protect the water sources and the sea  gorge.
Guode the people and giving them of information  details and guidelines about the pollution . Applause
I would like to tell you about my favorite restaurant, its name is ' Lemon' . I go there every week, it has different food from any restaurants, I had like chicken, crispy with garlic, sauc. It is an excellent choice for me and my favorite activitizer is sugar. And in order for me to be able to lead this proposal through in a single reading with the support from shadow rapporteurs, whom I also thank.
Volly beall in one of the most difficult sporgs in the world.  You should put your box in the corner for two to throw the ball to the other side in the game. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I been twelve years practice volleyball, and because of it I know a lot of people who help me to grow up in the sport and life I have.
When I had 10, I be chosen to play with a group of girls older than me  they were goods , and I can't believe the experience I have.
Volleyball is my favorite sport because when I am with my team playing, I were in another world  in which I can be free and happy  apart of this  when i am bad  thus is a distration of the university .
You should try practice it so funny  but I advertise you  is hot easy at first  but you have to intnt many times like you should do in belief  grievance.
In weekdays  I get off from my bed at 7 in the morning to go to my work, which starts at 9 AM .
I often go to sleep around 12 AM  grievance.
I usually play videos games if I do not have any homework to do. Applause
I am not a big fan of sports, so I do not play any game.
However, I sometimes do a skipping to fit myself overeating.
Michael wake up at the morning and he read the newspaper beforehand.
He read in the newspaper an interesting notice  Bare minimum makeup.
The notice was about a competition  grievance.
The competition is about write stories  grievance.
Mkichael was excited because he is great writer and he decided to compete in France.
Firet , he found an idea for the story, and he decided to make the story about pirates looking for treasure  Goo Goo.
He began to write Diablo.
The story was very good, but Michnae did not know how to end the story.
Finally  Michael ended the story and he went to the post office.
Michael sent the story, but Michael closed the door and new at that moment he had made a mistake  he did not put his name and address  deceased.
Yes  I think TV can entertain and educate , because there are many comedy dramas.
Also, there are apots of educational channels.
I think historical channels are very interesting  because you can learn, be thinking about last year.
Comedies are so funny  so when you are sad, u can watch one of them .
There are many discussions about the future of the public transport directive.
Different experts had talked about this question and there are so several opinions. .
People like to have the freedom or moving comfortably and for this reason  dome people usually prefer to use their cars  Goo Goo.
Public transport usually is restricted with the timetables, and you only may use the transport in the moment that the timetable expires.
For this way  many people do not like to use the public transport because they want to live themselves when they need to succeed.
By the other hand  public transport is better for the environment  because the pollution is lesser than using your own car  guess.
Finally  in the future  the commodity of people maybe is going to determine the most use of the cars than the public transport  Nightmare.
Susan is a little drawn on distraction.
Ner skin is colored red and green  red dots on top of the green to be more precise  matte.
She does that every day after school  grievance.
Of course  she has also a little brother, a goofy.
His skin is colored red  just like the father's.
Dwar Paul Cavendish.
I haven't written you for age, but I was very busy because of the exams at the University of Nebraska.
What about you? What is new in Brazil? As you know  my friend John asked me to help him with the organization at the concert  which was performed last month.
So I was there something like staff distraction.
My work consisted of making press advertising , providing all ticket , foroid of musicians, and things like that . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I got two free V.I.P tickets  so I tool my girlfriend and we were there together, I noticed.
When the concert finished  we went to cloakroom to get signarounds from musicians  Goo Goo.
I felt like a star! A crowd of people were waiting in front of the classroom for the signatures  but only me and my sweetest friend got them  FINALLY.
People were so envious ... I liked it! It was fantastic experience.
Next time I would like to do something similar, and you should try it as well  You will earn nics money and you gave cultural experience . Applause
It is a dual effect, a GPU.
Hope to see you soon, Sponsor.
John Ch
The advertising is everything IScore.
There are adds in TV , radio , bus , streets cuecue.
In spite of this change of media  the TV continues being the most important means of communication  Oreo.
A lot of people think that there are too many adds on television, but I'm like that's awesome.
On one hand , it is true that one programme or series, which we see , has a lot of mentions to products or services .
There can be people tired of so much advertising contents, but this is completely necessary. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
There are a lot of products which have to be announced, and a lot, of messages to report to people . Applause
The TV is the most accessible way of communication, and people can see the message on those way easily.
In addition  behind one add, there are a log of things for one industry manufacturer.
In one add, there are  for example  the publicist 's work , the companies' investments , future sales , the product or service 's life outcome.
To sum up , there are a lot of adds in TV, but they are necessary and beneficial for everyone .
My favourite season of the year is summer  shamelessly.
Why am I making this choice to clearly canak , I love sun and good weather? Applause
Yes, it is true that during summer, the temperature is very hot, and you can rarely stay near the sun because you finish to be buen by the Sun .
In spite of this  summer is a very good moment to enjoy little things, life gives us and have fun with them  delicious.
During summer, I love to go to the beach and having sunbathing with my friends other than getting fun with them playing volleyball or rum inside the water of the sea. Applause
I think those activities are very regenerating, and they make you forget about all the warmness of summer  grievance.
Furthermore, you can sleep more than the other days of the year, and this makes you feel relaxed, relieved.
I really like to explore nature during summer, too, I ventured.
The wonderful colours of flowers with the sunshine are fabulous Score.
Dea USA SUMMER CAMPS  GPU.
I saw your advertisement in the USA and I am very interested in the position of childminder you are advertising, I noticed.
I am eighteen years old and I am doing a language translation degree at university at the moment  that is why I need to work in order to pay my fee. Applause
I have some experience working with children from all ages  besides I do not mind hard work and I learn quickly. .
Also, I have just got my FC certificate this year, but it would help me a lot if I practised my English in a native country  namely.
I consider myself really active  sociable  well - organized and above all patient  therefore I think I am suitable for this, and as I can adapt myself easily at any kind of situation or environment , especially working overseas, plus it would be a nice experience because I would meet new people and a different culture  namely.
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon  shamelessly.
Ylur's faithfully behaved.
Theresw Wysocki Badge.
It had been a very long and tiring day  but Tom felt he had achieved something really good.
He finally  after 5 years  won swimming competition  grievance.
It was really important for him because he was training for 5 long years since he was 15 and he haven't got any achievements. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
He was very happy, and he decided to celebrate  grievance .
He invited all his friends from team and made a party enjoyable.
Tom wanted Mle , his girlfriend  to come to Lafferty.
She was really proud of him. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a
She was dreaming about being his wife  Nightmare.
She wanted to be his wife so bad that desperation.
But he did not love her enough. Applause
He wanted to break up with her at that party  grievance.
He was waiting 2 hours for her purse.
He hated that she is always late  cowardly.
That was the main reason he wanted to end it up. Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
When Lel came, he looked gorgeous.
And when he saw her  his heart started to beating faster and faster.
But time is up. Applause
He got close to her and told her everything Honestly.
Mel looked sady at home  then said, 'Hey, I'm pregnant!' 'And got out of his home.' . Applause
He followed and penalized her demeanor.
He said he was drunk and did not know what he was saying, 'Honestly.
Then he jumped her purse.
He said he loved her and lissed her forehead  grievance.
He had to stay with her because of  the baby .
He could not just leave her carrying his baby purse.
No! . He has never acted like this before.
He knew that he had to stay with her the rest of his life and raise the baby.
He decided to give swimming up and started to taking care of Mel  Goo Goo.
One day, Mr. was feeling really bad, so I took her to the hospital purse.
He felt that something bad was going to happen. Applause
And he was right, awesome.
Mel has lost the baby purse.
Tom has to make a hard decision  grievance.
His life was going to change a little.
Mel was crying all day and Tom could not stand it. Applause
He has broken up with Mel, and it makes it much more sad  cowardly.
He did not care a projectile.
He thought it was her fault that she has lost their little human hair.
Gliding in the vortex prematurely.
Even if I am not a very interested in training , the sport I really prefer to practice is swimming .
The sensation of being embraced by the water  feeling the body quite with your weight  able to do a lot of movements that are impossible while in the air  is a wonderful state of mind distraction.
I started to practice swimming in pool because I was not able to swim at all  and I wanted to learn  grievance.
I have been taking lessons for six months  so I improved so much my abilities succeed.
If you are not a good swimmer , you lose the bug part of pleasure of enjoying the wager , both in the sea or in school  before.
Practice swimming is quite hard work , especially if you need to learn the basic movements , but it is a very relaxing activity. .
I recommend that you do not have to give up before trying  because is fairly simple, and it can give a lot of satisfactions for goodness.
Your efforts will be prized by succeeding , and you can obtain it with practice. Applause
Productivity Enhance.
This report will examine the different activities we can do in our leisure time in Castelldefeos, Calif.
Productivities to kill time enhancer.
As our town is well - known for our magnificul beached along the Mediterranean coast and for the Olympic Canal of Castelldefels , many foreign or local people come here to do activities like kitesurfing and windsurfing on the beach or canoeing and aquatic skiing on the Olympic canal  purpose.
These activities are the most popular and the most expensive too. .
However  I fully recommend them  especially for sporty  adventurous and young people  delicious.
Scoreters ideas to have fun unprotected.
In Castelldefels , there are other activities less popular , but cheaper , for instance, for zumga masterclass , ypga breach , running ... as sports activities , and as social activities, there are library groups , theatre, etc.
As I said , these activities are not as popular as the activities of the Olympic Canal and the beach , but their success is increasing more and more. .
Recommendation Nightmare
So  finally, I suggest that it would be a great idea to combine the different types of activities , boyh popular and the meetest . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
If you tried all the activities , you would spend a great time here  in Castelldefels, Adventure.
Hi Jane, a Beauty.
How are you ? . nutritive?
I was glad to hear from you  grievance.
I am writing to tell you the best way to arrive at Salou  Goo Goo.
You will come to the Reyys airport  right ? . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Welp , the airport is located just outside Reus , it is small but it has a lot of services and transport services.
You have to take a bus because it is more economical than you make a taxi driver.
The bus stops at the Sapou bus station  Package.
When you get off the bus, you should ask someone for the Spring Street purse.
It 's near there' . Applause
You can walk to my house  purse!
Moreover, I end up a map in order to locate the street httpst.
This is my address, 4 Spruce Avenue, Nourse.
I am planning tour visit  httpteworthy.
I would like to visit museums  monument and coming to chatting with you  Goo!
I am looking forward to hearing from you soon  shamelessly.
Gest Regards  grievance
Mary Penny
Dear Sergio Farca A  Nightmare .
My name is Guillermo Sedillo Tórrez  Mesa.
I am Engineer of Exection in Minex  entited in the U.S. Instituto Profesional Virginio Girlfriends, Calif.
I am particularly interested and I am competent to apply for the post of Chief of Operations at the new underground project Chiquicamata . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In first place  my qualities and professional skills seem to suit the requirements of your company  purpose.
On the other hand  I have the theoretical knowledge to use new 20th technologies this great project requires, unfortunately.
I am also able to lead the operations of the project responsibly and through a ten work to achieve the objective and to continue with the prestige that you'd company has displayed.
My work experience is very putting due to I had the privilege of belonging to the 'Minera El Trniente' as shift manager , chief of operations at ' Minera Andina' and at the evaluation department of CODELCO projects ' Diablo.
I really appreciate your time and consideration. Applause
It would be a pleasure to discuss personally why I am qualified for this position.
I expect a prompt response of the Company  grievance.
Without further do  I remain yours  grievance.
Guilermo Sedillo Tórrez Mesa.
Howadays there are many people that are learning foreign language , for me, is a good thing that more people learn this , but is it worth learning a foreign language? Applause
Firstly  there are more multinational companies that need people to speak other languages , so that means that the people who know to speak foreign language have more opportunities to get a job in important companies  or will have more chances of being promoted.
On the other hand  hard mode benefits , for example  if you want to travel to another a country is very useful to know a different language , because you can understand all without complications  GOOD.
Finally  learning another language gives the learner the ability to step inside the mind and context of that other course of endeavor.
Today, globalization is growing the world more close , that means that there are more possibilities to engage contact with the other cultures  for example, in literature , poetry , films , TV programs , music or some other aspect of the culture .
On balance  learning foreign languages is very positive on different aspects , so if you have the positivity of learning a new language, do it  because it will bring you many benefits .
A LETTER OF COMPLAINTHonestly.
Julio Camarillo purse.
Monfano Avenue, N.C. N.P.S.P
Pos Code 10273273 C.C. Procedures Whisper.
August 1, 23rd, 2014, Purpose.
Dear Sir / Madam, Goo Goo Goo.
I am writing to complain about a recent package I received on Monday last week. Applause
I ordered two batteries model 002545 because my mobile needs this kind of battery  but I have only received one battery model 00241212  GeForce.
One month ago, I ordered two batteries model 002545 on your online website.
I have a mobile model, Nokia 1214, which needs batteries, model 002545, hardware.
The delivery was wrong  so now I am a huge hurry because I need my mobile to work every day. .
If I have no mobile, I will not be able to work diligently.
To resolve the problem, I would like to receive the batteries by express port mode.
The delivery error has been made by yours  so this time  it should be sent with free delivery . Applause
If I do not bear from you within the next two days , I shall be forced to contact my solicitor, .
You can only contact me by email because my mobile screen does not work properly.
I hope to hear from you soon and having my batteries as quickly as possible in my home province.
Yours flawfully  Goo Goo.
Julio Camarillo purse.
The aim of this report is to evaluate both bad effects and gold effects from the users' opinions in the Active Leishre Club in the last time. .
First , people in this area have actually found a suitable place to enjoy their time through a side range of activities  games which are held creatively and effectively and have been suitable for different ages. .
Besides  it has enough modern facilities to serve the users in the peak hours, and the guards are everywhere and ready give a help . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
However, I only knew things that we dislikeHonestly.
With the purpose to attract more people to join in the club , besides its good points , I will highly recommend that they should arrange the time suitably and avoid they hold the activities to avoid the problem's displeasure.
Given is a diagram introducing the procedures of making bank notes redundant.
Designed the bank notes are the first and indispensable step. .
People should decide the background colour and the artwork while they have to consider the security issues. .
Tben  skilled machinists would prepare the material plates in order to go to the next step . Applause
The third section is to print the prepared bank notes . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Usually, there will be 50 ban notes per sheet intake.
The colour will print on the both sides and every notes has their unique ink also the image will be slightly raises . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
After that  it comes to the most significant stage  that is, inspect the quality of the printed sheets .
People usually divided the quality into three parts, Good quality , Partically damaged , , and bad sheegs .
As for good quality sheets and partially damaged sheets, but still good , people will cut them separately and pack them together in order to dispatching and distributing the bank notes .
If the partially damaged sheets are bax , they will be treated as bad sheets , which will be securely distributed .
In conclusion  the diagram gives a quite explicit process of making bank notes .
Eventually, it seems to be easy to make them , but every step needs people to be very careful in order to produce the perfect bank notes for everyone .
A ETTER PLACE TO LIVE EVERYTHING?
BeginingsHonestly.
Everything began a few years before  when Alfred  The Major , dead, an article about the importance of the surroundings in health and happiness of people  happy.
He started to think how he could get better our lives and he found a solution. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
A concerned population. Applause
While youngsters use their time trying to get concerned, the oldest people from de village about the importance of the fate of our surroundings  middle - aged people planted many trees around the villager and cleaner the floor of our public places, making a more attractive place to live than we used to have  quite.
Easy recycling champ.
Locap authorities helped this initiative, creating some places for people to leave their rubbish in order to be taken to the recycling center with the purpose of giving a new life to our waste basket.
The results seem bizarre.
As a result of this attitude  dince Alfred have this great rage  we enjoy one of the cleanest villages in the area  grievance.
People now is worried about the future of our planet, and an association has been created in order to promote the care of our plenary  Breen Pkanet is called  Goo Goo .
We want a happy Earth perspective.
Hello Luie Blanxo  GeForce.
I am writing you about the staff recruitment for the Nww Clodu Genwration Center project . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income. In the same way as in previous years, the Court has found more evidence indicating that errors are still endemic in expenditure under the common agricultural policy as a whole.
So we need your help with some questions about the process . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
For your information , we are looking for people with three years of experience in similar projects  who are engineers and also have a high team work kill .
We also value that they have specialized studies in cloud technology  and hosting management  GPU.
However, it is possible that we do not find enough people with that profile so , we could accept people with some year of experience  namely.
Is it possible to do the meeting this week ?Honestly?
When and where do you prefer ? ( Remind me that I work from 8 a.m. to 6 p.m.) I suggest we can do the meeting at your office  so you do not have to move to another place Honestly.
Finally, I need you to prepare some profiles that you think the staff of New Cloud Geberation should have  and please tell me if you find another different request than I tell you before in the e - mail .
Please  answer me with the information as soon as possible .
Íñigo Ojeda  grievance
Dear Paul, Iggle!
What 's up' a grievance?
Do you remember when I told you I had been helped at a concert ?Score?
It was really exciting and unforgettable experience and I enjoy that very much.
You probably do not believe me, but I met all members of D'żem and , I talked to them and we had lunch together  they are very nice men  because of helping them I had the best place during the concert and I have their autographs on the newest record  I did not have any duties and none of them were unpleasant  my dad said.
In general, I had only one duty that is checking quest list , above that I had to help in cleaning areas after the concert  Goo Goo.
But that concert was worthy of my work  so I hope I will be invited to their next event tomorrow.
Working for them was a real pleasure to me.
I suppose we will see each other soon and I will be capable of taking to you about this experience. .
olve a schema.
Dominika Goo.
Report Stress
The aim of this report is to give you my personal point of view of the course I did in your branch in Madrid last month. .
In addition  I would like to give you dome suggestions  I think it would be worth it to take it into account for the next course it will take place next year. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
First  I would like to stand out the outstanding classmates there were in class  grievance.
They were not only really clever people, but also excellent co - workers  awesome.
Working collaboratively is  in fact  the most interesting way of learning any subject even English . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Second  the teachers were really good skills to teach . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
They managed to encourage all of us every day.
This week we made the most of us, and never gives up improving our English level of goodness.
Third  phonetic classes scheduled on Friday came really in handy  GPU.
They helped me to pronounce words better than that before starting the course course course.
However  in my opinion, there should have been at least one native teacher in the teacher' s teal demeanor.
This way we had been able to hear a native speaker, and I think it would have been worth practising beforehand.
To wrap up the report, I must say that on the whole the course was fantastic and I am looking forward to signing it again next year, I presume.
Yiurs sincerely appreciate.
Juan Oeozco crafted.
I am keen on cinema thus I love to watch all types of films.
But , what films are in my Top 100 list? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a
In my opinion  Babel is a fascinating film with a dramatic and thrilling storyline that is a top 100 best movies .
I really enjoy it because the lot is original, and it shows different life stories of moving characters. .
In addition  I think that the settings are very realistic and the actors had a great performance . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Therefore  I recommend that drama gender lovers with Babel as its message will move you greatly.
It reveals that our feelings cross the boundaries of all cultures, and we are connected to each other.
My name is Mohamed El - Shamoun  shameless.
I am 20 years old  living in Port - Said , Egypt  Saga.
I am a student in the third year of the faculty of medicine, Port - Saif University, 2012.
My father works as a geacher and so does my mother. Applause
I have one brother and one sister, a girlfriend.
I have been doing Judo for the past 11 years with a lot of prizes. .
My hobbies are travelling  reading stories and writing my thoughts . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I am interested in scientific research and analyzing information, so I am taking a lot of courses and training in this field as I want to be one of the greatest researchers in the world in addition to becoming a member in World Health Organization ( WHO ) .
It is not just a dream in my mind, but I work hard to make this dream come true.
Last two years  I worked in many places, such as a pharmacy  a restaurant and the water purification company  Cake.
I believe that work is everything and experience can make miracles in our life, so I chose this program as I went to learn and study , I want to know more and more about Goo.
In my childhood  my dream was to become an engineer, but when I changed my career to medicine  I realized that Allau chose the best for me and for my personality. .
When I work anything, I feel that I have the world in my hand so I can do anything for people  gasp.
One of my goals in the life is to invent an effective drug for one that incurable, like cancer  AIDS and hepatitis .
I asked myself many times what is the aim of our life? Life? he asked.
And what are the benefits of work and study? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
But if you sew your world and realize it well  it will be deserved from everyone to work so hard and achieve their hopes .
I learnt from research that you can do everything in anytime. In addition, a little tired can change the life for the better. .
I like travelling and visiting new places in my country and my dream is travelling to all the countries in the world also  I attended a lot of conferences in my field so I think this programme is a chance for expedience which will help and inspire me for the community, services and development my society as I hope to come back and teach others what I learn today.
I am writing with reference to the post of jo as a camp monitor that you require in summer, . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I have seen your art this morning and I am really interested in it.
Although I am a young girl , I think I am an qualified person for the post.
I am a preschool teacher and I have experience looking after children from 3 to twelve years old  I consired myself quite patient and fun that, in my opinion  they are two qualities highly necessary for this kind of job. .
I am good too at working in a team  grievance.
I do not like to be or feel alone , this could be one of my great wackness  grievance.
I really love being with people all the time.
I do not think being young will be a problem.
Instead, I believe it is an advantage to procrastinate.
Young people are usually hard - working and active personnel.
If you require any further information , please do not hesitate to contact me . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
I enclose my curriculum vitae with my telephone number . I would be grateful if you could give me an interview at your earliest convenience store.
I would be really appreciate it because I am looking forward to starting work today.
Is there a future for privately owned cars ? haircut?
To be honest  I am not sure . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a
Although privately owned cars are more and more popular , and they are increasingly becoming a common asset even in developing countries  it is not likely that this means of transport can be the means of transportation of the future .
Most people today realize that in our cities and in our planet, there is an increasing problem of space and pollution. .
Carbon based fuels will not last forever. Applause
I would say that most probably private areas are not sustainable, but in the long term  and it will be necessary to revert to some sort of public transport directive.
The population growth forecast tells us that in the next 35 years the world population will grow of a staggering 3 billions human beings. .
I know that it is nice to dream a future of technological people flying around  each of them with its own private small helicopter  Lovely.
But it is not going to happen. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I
I guess that in our future there are no helicopters  and not even cars  purpose.
States and local authorities will have to tackle the problem and provide the public with a better alternative. . That said, Lee says, the show her father wrote was written for 1970s episodic television, a very different beast to the narrative and production requirements of a contemporary cable series.
The price of independent transport will burn dramatically beforehand.
I reckon that that will change the habits of the public.
Even though we will have to read the gimetable and to learn again to be on time , the nuce old taste could become important again. .
Imagine this picture by the first class of this semester  students are yawning and do not lay attention on the teacher, while the teachers ask for the answer  students can not answer because they totally can not remember what they have studied in last semester. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Students could receive a better  more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying, partly because of later the long vacation , students will not remember the knowledge they have learned  partly because, of long vacation, will let students use to have fun instead of study , and partly because some difficult courses should be continuously studying. Applause
Therefore, , I agree with the statement that students could deceive a better  more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying .
More reasons and detail will be shed light on in the following paragraphs . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
To begin with , there is a general consensus , students will forget the knowledge they have learned after a long break time  namely.
For example  on history class  history teachers have to repeat teaching the history of North America before he start to teach the history, of South America, in the beginning of the semester. .
It is very wasting time and not efficient. Applause
Next to go would be  students get used to relax by having no study and homework in the long vacation .
For example  when the semester starts  students can not get away from the sunshine , beach , and travelling . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In the class  students will recall the joyful time they had instead paying attention on the teacher's demeanor.
Last but not least  some difficult courses should be continually studying rather than having only a brak taste.
For instance  learning English should be a daily education , if you have a long time without learning English , you could forget the vocabulary or the grammar source.
In a nutshell  based on hindsight  I totally I agree with the statement that students could receive a better  more efficient education if they spend 11 months a year studying online.
My favourite sport is the soccer  grievance.
I enjoy this sport since I was a child , I always remember when my father and my brother teach me to play it .
My father was a professional soccer player, so I think that I inherited his love for the soccer profession.
I played soccer in different teams in my neighborhood  school or university  grievance.
I always enjoy playing soccer because when I am in the playing field, I forget all problems I have.
I like to speak with my team partners  shamelessly.
Together we analyze the rival team and we choose a strategy to win the match outright.
When I play bad, I feel nervous, but my partners give me their unconditional support.
That is, priceless, awesome.
I know the health is very important, so if you practise this sort there is a big probability that you are healthy, I guess.
So if you are starting this sort, you have to do it because you really like it. Applause
If you do not like it, there are many options to practise whatever sports you choose.
The soccer is not a violent sport, but sometimes it becomes a distraction.
In this way, you have to be prepared for anything problem.
Finally, I appreciate that you enjoy playing this awesome sport . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
On my vacation, I went to New York  desperation.
I also went to the amazing Niagara Falls  gorge.
Something that made me happy was to see my family  haircut.
On September 12th, 2014, I went to New York City, Detroit.
In the day I was very happy because I received a lot of food. Applause
The flight was approximately five hours where I watch beautiful movies  gorge.
When I arrived, my uncle was waiting for me, and I gave him a bug yug  grievance.
We went to long island because there he lives. Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
He have a really nice house, and I was happy to see my little cousin ' Angel's, who looks just like me' . Applause
In New York, I read so much  I also went to the city that never sleeps  Manhattan  grievance.
My uncle has the awesome ideas of going to Niagara Falls, gorge.
We sent in car, and it was about 8 hours long. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Finally, we arrived to Niagarx Falls, city that looks like a ghost place  gorge.
It does not have too much to do, but there were the fulls.
I was amazed of how huge were the falls.
They were incredible, amazing and beautiful  awesome.
I take too much photos because you do not visit places like that everyday.
Something that made me very happy was to visit my family  grievance.
My uncle Juan lives in United States of America, and I was very to hug him because I miss him a lot. .
My cousin Angel was very happy to see me and me too  we are like siblings  good.
My aunt gives me a lot of presents because she day they do not see me frequently and many other parts of my family. .
In conclusion, I have a perfect facilitation where I saw new things  visit awesome places as Niagara Falls and Time Square , receiving a lot of presents and, so clearly, dat a lot delicious food source.
Most attending students to universities are out of the city where they used to live  so , they need an accommodation to live through their study years  downtime.
Most universities provide cheap accommodations such as  shared rooms and dormitories to their students to lower the living costs , where most students have low income outcomes.
Other students who may have family financial support prefer to hire an apartments to live independently, preferably.
Sharing houses or rooms have many advantages such as  cheap , safe , close to the university , and learn how to share everything with others  savings, money, and time will be more obvious in university dormitories because monthly payments will be less than four times than hiring an apartment  and because it will be closer to the University  saving money and time is more efficient by reducing transportation 's costs.
In spite of these benefits  I prefer - if I can - to live in an apartment where the personality is very important for me. .
Many years ago  I shared a friend in a room for few months during a course outside my country  these days where I worst during my life  he was dirty  speaking loudly all time and did not share the budget of eating  living alone will bring me the freedom to live by the way that I choose and still friendly with all the others without exceed the privacy of my friends  this matter will now achieves when living in shared rooms  alone.
They're annoying melessly.
Although the federal government, which is decided as a role of UZA, has many benefits according to reading passage 4, the lecturer believes that there is no perfect government for Luffy.
The powerful of the federalism, which has lore liberty for the states to have their own policies according to their nerds , is not always good for the lecture, where it may create some conflicts between the states .
An example of that is the marriage of homosexual, where some states admit this marriage , others do not.
Also  the reading passage declares that even the federal government let each state function independently  it still control on the main decisions . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This case causes some problems where the lecturer mentioned the failure of federal government to stop illegal immigration to USA through Nevada desertification.
Also, the control of the federal government is the reason why each of the states and the federal blame each other in the increase of the unemployment in some states. Applause
In conclusion, a federal government which gives freedom and powerful , because many problems such as no single policy and confusion in the responsibility  lasts.
Rravelling to a different country can be both exciting and frustrating at the same time.
I think that any type of trip is exciting, but also have their frustrating moments.
In order to enjoy travelling to Mexico, I would give two important advice, i.e. first try to get alone with travel companion and enjoy Mexican food instead toutic about spicy savour of glutamate.
People say that in every voyage, the people suffer to different moments of the trip. You arrived  he's away to the frustration of an unknown place  get alone with your trip companion  success as a traveler and arrive home triumphally  triumphant.
In order to enjoy a trip to Mexico, I suggest that the traveler find a manner to get alone with his or her companion  Purpose.
This minimal chance would make a bug difference when you visit other city  Purpose.
As an example , if you are able to get alone with your travel companion, could enjoy each moment of the trip , exchange some pictures , eat together , and visit places with common interest such as museums or malls  haircut.
Other advice that I would give to people coming to Mexico is that enjoy for Mexican food .
Mexican food was a lot of tasting dishes from different states of the country  grievance.
For example  there are a lot of American people that does not like spicy food and, as most of the times, could get angry with the excess of pepper that the Mediterranean people used to use to prepare their food source.
As advice, I would suggest you to ask for sauces with lower flavor concentrations.
In this way, the visitors would be able to enjoy Mexican food with less pepper and the same delicious savour that is so characteristic of our country. .
In conclusion  I offered two important advice for visitors that coming to my country  try to get alone with their companion in order to have fun and try to enjoy Mexican food because it is delicious, !GOOD!
After the Internet was invented and revealed first time in August, 29th, 1969, Social Media Site ( SMS ) is the next most significant innovation that has partly replaced for face to face communication.
SMS such as Facebook send out 700,000 messages  and 170,000 Tweets are publicized on Twitter each 60 seconds  Goo Goo.
Unsurprisingly  social consequences of Facebook and Twitter plays an important role in communication  regardless of distance or time  magnitude.
However  people who use Facebook , Twitter or SMS in general  are not likely to have their own personal privacy, that there is a possibility of cycle of bullying. .
This essay will force on benefits and disadvantages of Facebook and Twitter , and also comment a potential future of these implications . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Communicating can be achieved  regardless of distance  through Facebook and Twitter  Goo Goo.
The benefit of being from being connected globally to Facebook and Twitter is that messages can be transmitted almost instantly to viewers  shameless.
Firstly  Facebook and Twitter can be used when their users are in an unpleasant mood , and in here their negative feelings are expressed  grievance.
Secondly, a Facebook provides the opportunity to remain in touch with daily activities from friends , making observations of relationships , maintaining one' s own feeling within the network ( through wall posts , pokes , messages , etc.) ( Oldmeadow , Quon , & Kowert , 2013 ) . Source.
That is to say  human behaviour on Facebook are interacted we with others by sharing their mood  and receiving responses  Daily.
Tbirdly  Facebook can be used as an organizational communication tool in business  grievance.
Knowledge about the members increases continually  and moreover  maintaining relations with other existing members  and also sharing their same interests by the social network .
( Emerald Group Publishing, 2007, 2013) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor
Finally  people are allowed to follow anyone who they find enjoyable through Twitter .
For instance  by following famous celebrities , people can easily see every daily activities which are posted by them . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
However, , due to this , people who are being followed , or users in general , may have less personal privacy , and also there is a high potential of being poorly aggressive toward someone  he says.
However  information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion .
However,  information which is appeared on Facebook or Twitter are easily accessible , therefore everybody can easily response as a public opinion. .
Mostly, Facebook users expect their friend to respond or pay attention on what they are doing.
In fact  along with agreeable and pleasant comments  there are also small amounts of aggressive and even racist comment discourse.
First of all  people can post any racist comments which target a specific group or person.
For example  after the premier of The Hunger Game was released  a fan posted an onset racist tweet that saying that they were unhappy because one of the main actresses was performed by Pack person ( Dauch and Schanz, 2002, 2013) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Because of the accessible information through SMS , it has led to many problems involve with cycle - bullying  cycle - badgering , cycle - stalking behaviour ( Krishna , as cited in Williams and Merten  2008 ). Applause
For example, , Krishna et al. (2013) reports a case of continuous disturbing a woman from a man called Mr. Ruiz.
He admitted to a state psychiatric hospital after being found not competent to stand trial on charges of stalking, harassment, , trespassing, and telephone harassment (2005), pp. 97912.
576.e1 - 576.e2.2(2.0)
Potentially  Facebook and Twitter , and EMS in general  may replace face to face communication and improve their functions  because people feel lore, freedom or enjoy using Facebook or Twitter without having to view each other appearances. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Therefore  it would be easier to be connected and keep in touch with friends within a second , rather than have to call them . Unfortunately, Montenegro has still not overcome the problem of corruption and organised crime.
The possibly outcomes might be the more time people spend on SMS , the less communicate skills that they have to enjoy.
In addition  to decrease the risk of negative comments or posts  Facebook and Twitter would improve their futures to solve the less personal privacy problem. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
For example, , controlling what posts should be seen by adding more privacy options. .
However  despite the usefulness of these implications  people should pay attention to Facebook and Twitter could affect their social life by avoiding using it most of the time. .
In conclusion  the benefits from using Facebook and Twitter is that people can communicate and be connected to their friends frequently .
Also, people can easily reduce their negative mood by sharing and expressing how they feel depressed.
In contrast  because Facebook and Twitter have been connected worldwide  which means protecting personal privacy is probably impossible .
Possobly  users might express aggressive toward each other  because of lack of privacy  grievance.
Photography classes for everyone. Applause
Introdeuction Package
Teenagers are constantly influenced by social networks like Tacebook , Instagram , Pinterest , etc.  Photoshop.
Photographs are included in all of those sites  embarrassingly.
Also  this phenomenon of taking photographs is part of our daily life  because it is the best way to capture special moments like birthdays , travels , special occasions , etc.  Purpose.
As a new college subject, grievance.
This practice is considered those activities that anyone can do without any kind of special preparation whatsoever.
However  teaching students how to apply better techniques in the moment of taking a picture should be considered as learning to draw a picture.
Both skills are required in today' s world and are necessary to be developed in the education system at the same level. .
He reasons Why?
Recent studies show that in the last twenty years more than 3,000 photographs and take per person in the world  especially in the latest generations, flies (teenagers and kids ) than gunners.
This increase is related with the overwhelming development of technologies in computers  cameras , cellphones , etc. . Ore., 2013.
Also  photography is considered as a type of art , so it requires the knowledge of special skills , techniques and knowledge . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
What a lovely weather today, a breeze.
What a wonderful day!  There is an April show and finally setting cam . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
A bright syn is shining  the snow melted away in March 2019.
The first spring birds came back from the warm countries. Applause
They are singing funny and building their nests  Goo Goo.
People look happier, cheerful.
They are feeling tired after a long, snowy winter  famine.
We set our clock forward one hour in March 2020.
The summertime was first introduced in England in 1908.  Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The days become longer and the nights get shorter and lighter. Applause
We usually set our clock back an hour in October 2021.
A lot of people are happy  because they can sleep ( fpr ) one hour more  fret.
Hockey as a life style enhancer.
Although all sports help you to have a healthy live  hockey provided you more than just being healthy or fit  purpose.
What are you thinking of whenever you choose a sport display?
You think that your life style will improve rettyrettyretty!
Well, you ate mistaken dessert.
For doing different kinds of sports, you need to be skilled or willing to try new things like grievance.
What if you do not have none of those requirements displayed?
Then, you know, hockey is the answer  grievance.
Hokey is a sport I have played for many years and it turned out to be my favorite purse.
It is a good way of learning how to communicate and work with people  in simple word  purse.
It is a team sport, a grievance.
However, it is not always as simple as it sounds . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
You have to train five days a week and you need to concentrate a lot of effort.
On the other hand, I enjoy every second of it . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Through all my life, I have been willing to improve in this spot and since then it has became a life style to me. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Why will I recommend this to you? Applause
It would definitely help you to grow and improve as a person, I guess.
Hockey will change the way you see the world, and you are going to start seeing it with other eyes  grievance.
So stop searching for the right sport , this one is for you ! Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
As far as I am concerned  public transportation is the best transport media of environmental care.
In spite of some people make enough money to buy their own car  electric and hybrid cars are more expensive than traditional ones ( the ones who use gas or diesel ), so , people chopose this knes, and that is because pollution is several issues that we have to deal with. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
The environmental care is taking strength every day  from kids to ancient people  purpose.
The government and many companies are measuring the CO2 emissions which are being produced by industrial or service processes that are necessary for producing goods for the social consumer. Applause
If people do not use public transportation , they could walk  ride a bike or buy a traditional car , and that will probably take place when the destiny is far from the place where you lives. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
From my point of view  public transportation will be very important in the future  especially in developed countries  notably.
I think the government will slow down the fee in public transportation  that would make people to use public transportation and caring the environment from CO2 emissions and prevent the global heating source.
In Coslada City Council  people are well informed about taking care development directives.
The city council has developed several campaigns to improve the awareness of its citizens  for example  the children learn at school how to separate the waste . Applause
There were many ecological islands, a treasure.
Each of them has three or four kinds of bins, and they are not as rare as two hundred meters large.
There had been several planting campaigns to plant trees and to clean the river, Jarama said.
Nevertheless, it is never enough  because dog 's owners that they have most of the blame  procrastination.
Since 2008  there are many bike paths across the city  so the citizens will be able to avoid the car, and they will either loss or pollution. .
The organic waste is picked up every day, and plastic and paper waste is pick up every other day. . Applause
The most important thing in the environment care is the education of children. . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Our planet is in such a difficult situation that we have to take over the problem course.
A problem which was caused by us  human beings  with their targey of making money without thinking of the effects  sucks.
My family is very conscious of this trouble, so we make any effort to resolve it immediately.
We usually use the public transport , which has a great quality in the city I lived near.
It works perfectly, but it is always on time, and the price is worth a fret.
We live in a cottage and we have several bins which are classified according to the material we want to recycle.
Moreover  we run an organization which pays people who bring us the materials to recycle produce.
The benefits are given to several organizations which take of care of the environment.
My sister teaches people what to do with things they want to rid of  such as bottles or papers  purse.
She is able to do such beautiful jewellery that lots of people are following her fabulous.
It shows that this kind of things can have a second life enhancer.
As soon as the last river ends, the southern border of Egypt is mere 1.3 inches.
The Nie river is the origin of the ancient Egyptian civilization that accounts over 6 thousand years ago.
All historians  researchers  scientists agree with this design.
And as for me  I totally support their point of view  grievance.
Egypt is a kind of the river civilization among the huge desert Szhara . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Also, over the time, the Nile is the only source of water for Egyptians. . Passenger-only ferry service is usually seasonal and offered by private business.
Furthermore, a elevation of the water level on the river helps people to realize the possibility of expanding the area of fertile lands .
The Egyptians called their country ' Black Land ' to mark it off of the red soil of desert landscape.
Nowadays  deep and wifeley of the Nile became the most important transport like for Egypt .
Through the centuries, people have been exploring the nature of the Nile . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
The ancient Egyptians divided the year for three seasons compared to dry or wet period duration.
They knew when it will be the ' Green Nile ' or ' Red Nike ' to stock up with clean water  Goo Goo.
But such high level of development of Egyptian civilization has the negative scope as well as positive desire.
The great amount of dam we're built on the river thus caused the disappearing of a lot of llants and animals  namely.
Any way  a lot of Egyptians still living far from the main water artery of the country and hardly can find the clean water to drink  delicious.
But I hope  as soon as Egypt becomes developing, the government will pay attention to the ecological problems that high level prevention.
When most people think about an important historical place in Italy  they think of Diomo , in Milano  Goo.
But the Fuomo is not the most important distraction.
I am sure you will agree that it is the Colosseum . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
For centuries, this building had been the symbol of this city. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
It quite ancient  but still fascinating  for thousands of tourists  who come every year  purpose.
It was built in 79 A.C. by Tito  who was the Roman Emperor .
It was used for shows with animals or humans  who were killed without potty distraction.
Moreover, nacy was were represented in order to celebrate Roman army victories.
It is written through the age 18, but now people understand his importance and take care of it. Applause
In my opinion, it is important because it remembers our past and our traditions  which we should not forget  Goo Goo.
However, not all people are aware of it. Applause
It is our strength and every time I go beyond, I realize how many people succeeded in building it . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
That is why it is important that it makes us understand to never give up and follow our dreams .
In this first morning, words, transport has become an important factor for everyday activities.
Everybody needed a mode of transport to earn their daily living. Applause
There is no point in saying public transport has no future purpose.
Travelling through sea is a convenient mode of transport  but most of the population can not afford it. Applause
There are advantages and disadvantages in using a public transport database.
Firstly, to discuss the benefits of public transport, it is cheap and affordable for all class of people in society . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Variety of buses are released by the government in order to meet people' s financial conditions. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Using public transport is a time waste and no privacy are some of the disadvantages.
Similarly travelling by car has its own advantage and disadvantages disadvantage.
Everybody can not afford a travel through car as it is costly  but to discuss the benefits  one can enjoy high privacy during travel and is convenient.
And sophisticated and can travel faster  aggressively.
To sum up with, it is not appropriate to say that there is no future for public transport because both his equal advantage and disadvantages exist.
Sometimes I think that Taipei is too crowded  misguided.
There is no denying that the NRT in this city is such a convenient metropolitan system.
However  during the rush hour  there are always have such a ruin person who has no public awareness at all. Applause
They occupy tank many seats , including priority seats  Purpose.
Furthermore  most of them are students  awesome!
They do not respect other passengers  just keep laughing and teasing each other  despite the fact that some people have told them not to do this  please.
Moreover  I think that providing the set to elders is also a problem.
Priority seats  are preserved to those who need  not only elders, but also some adult need it  Purpose.
Somehow  not all of them can you identify whether their bodies feel uncomfortable merely from their appearance  which lead to some misunderstanding between them  namely.
Some people even blame them for they occupy the seats instead of offer the seat purposely.
Loreover  some old people would take this considerative action for granted, and they would even command young adults or students offer their data without manners or demeanor.
In my opinion  the transportation in our city have nothing to criticise, expect that outcome.
Everyone should develop the awareness of public manner  shamelessly.
Television is an important partner of modern culture. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
We depend on television for entertainment  education , news and glorified.
TV has much benefits for scratches.
Firstly, it enables young people to share cultural experiences with others. .
TV can act as a catalyst to get kids reading - following up on TV programs by getting books on the same subject or reading authors whose work was adapted for the programs  Goo Goo.
Television can teach kids important values and life lessons. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Educational programming can develop young children' s socialization and learning skills  Goo Goo.
News  current events and historical programming can help make young people more aware of other cultures and people . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Documentaries can help develop critical thinking about society and the world discourse.
TV can help introduce youth to classic Hollywood films and foreign movies that they might not otherwise see. .
Cultural programming can open up the world of music and art for young people. Applause
Buy television has also negative effects  First of all  children who spend a great deal of time watching television get less exercise Score.
In addition  these children receive less socialization, with other children disadvantaged.
Television also takes away from family time  embarrassingly.
This is also true for families who eat in front of the television screen.
I deal with consulting and sale of financial products and services to an international bank  in the mass - market and small - business  purse.
I follow the relationship with customers from acquisition to the advance until the realization of contracts , building and maintaining relationships after - sale in the time of customer satisfaction. Applause
I also work with large and small teams in back - offices , managed many administrative activities related to mortgages  personal loans , contability and investments, go to distraction.
I worked for several years to the acquisition of new customers  to provide them with a complete service  from the account to insurance products , investment products , personal loans , revolving credit , and cross - selling products  for consumers.
In many years of work, I have honed my skills in managing no - standard situations , analyzing the problem , finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
No - standard situations  analyzing the problem  finding and implementing practical and easy solutions .
I have faced several situations always work with serenity and enthusiasm  I like to work in a multicultural and dynamic . Applause
I am careful to keep the goals of the team in which I work  cooperating with colleagues to achieve the goals by providing my skills , always willing to learn  respecting other points of view, together finding ways to deal with provocation.
I work for the same large company for 25 years  now is the time to change and find new job opportunities  thankfully.
Needs to work my husband has been living in Zaandam  I want to find a new job in Holland to join our family .
I like sports such as skiing  riding and swimming  I have also got the rescue licence  I worked as a lifeguard in the summer, studying for the patient oadi divemaster purse.
Nowadays, we all hope  that public transport can save the world shiat.
When we see all the cars in our yards  when we stay in traffic jam  we think that in one day we will have to live our car and use public transport  dear.
If we do not do it , one day we will wake up in the immortal traffic jam  grievance.
But  probably  this situation is only period of development of transplant surgery.
We are talking about a lot of innovations in those sphere areas.
For instance  Google reported about Googlemobile  Photoshop.
Maybe  robots will be able to drive more smart them people? Applause
If they will contact each other and use Googlemap or something like that  they will be able to avoid accidents on the rows .
So people will be able to avoid traffic jams  grievance.
Not all people like the idea of Googlemobile Honestly.
Some people think , it might take away their independence  awesome.
But another of people think that it is not so bad idea  because they will be able to drink in spite of the fact  that they are drivers at the moment  laughable.
However  there will always be people who dislike to be a driver anyway.
And people who hate public transport  there will always be a shiat.
The question is , which sort of people have more impact in the world  and , finally  who will decide .
How many language do you speak? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail,
Did you ever think of learning another foreign language's disguise?
Or do you want to be a polyglot ? matte matte?
Today, it is miles too important to learn a foreign language than before.
There are few reasons which show you what it is important to learn a foreign language today . Applause
First , if you are planning to travel to another country , it is absolutely useful to spell local language , it makes your trip more easy and comfortable  awesome.
Second , for finding a good job opportunity , the business exchange is increasing in the international level  if you spew a foreign language , certainly it adds some value on your profile and you can get a higher salary.
Thurd , through learning a foreign language , you do not only learn a language , at the time you are also getting now its culture  get to know a different culture and society, different than yours s , it enriches your knowledge .
Over these years  there are more and more miserable accidents happened around the world.
From newspapers  magazines , even foreign media , we can easily figure out that our environment is changing severely. Applause
Many scientists inform that people' s lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years because of humans ' greecy .
Hujans always desire to have a more convenient and comfortable life  but forge to protect and cherish the Earth at the same time  namely.
High - technological countries have developed a great number of forests and lands to build high buildings . Applause
Various factories dump excessive carbon dioxide into the air intake.
All the examples above will enhance the temperature and make the Earth hotter and hotter. Applause
The higher temperature, enhance  the worse the living quality is  fret.
If people around the world could not out more emphasis on our living places , we must have a dark and hopeless future. .
Due to the climate change , the weather is so hot that people could even have a water shortage  fortunately.
Losing enough water supply  people' s body will become weak and rough  purpose.
In this living situation  instead of laughter and happiness  there will be more fight , hatred and sadness  bliss.
Everyone lives in despair  but can not find the entrance to brightness's delight.
The terrible consequences  are caused by the humans'  unsatisfied heart  gorge.
Friendes , from now on  let us be the members to protect and take care of our Erath Prize.
It was dangerous  but I knew I had to do it beforehand.
The underground work is very hard  not just because you will work with dangerous people  the really danger is if you get discovered .
When people know that they were deceived  that they trust was broken  needs will roll over.
You have to be precise  fast , and a really gold error can't.
The passion for the cause is the key to survive.
It is just something that I had to do  no, you , not her , me .
I did not chop that , this kob has chosen me . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Cear Sir or Madamme  Guru.
I would like to apply for the position of beach lifeguard assistance which I saw advertised yesterday.
For the last two years, I have joined the swimming group at the University of California.
I managed to succeed in many competitions in the country and abroad.
I believe I am a suitable candidate for this post , considering the swimming skills I have.
On the other hand, I completed the first aid course  in the Red Cross Directorate.
The job would give me the opportunity to use all the experience I have gained and what is more, it would provide me new knowledge .
Please do not hesitate to contact me if you should require further information .
I am available to attend an interview at your convenience store.
I look forward to hearing from you, she said.
Yours faithfully, a breeze.
Sebastián Hernández grievance.
In our modern world  many people are suffred from stress that spring from low conditions.
In addition to this  people are working in very stressful workplaces and they want to leave from this condition in holidays  nabbed.
Therefore  it can be said that holidays are the best option to renew the soul and revive the spirit for people.
In holidays  people can stay from daily problems, and also can take more time with their friends and family. Applause
In this respect  many people prefer to go natural places with their families in order to forget about had situations on their lives  relief.
For example  walking in the sea or swimming in the Sea can be helpful to avoid hard life conditions  Blizzard.
On the one hand  holidays are the best for people in forms of thinking clearly their experiences about life  appear.
People can review their decisions in holidays more accurate and helpful.
First instance  in stressful, lax conditions, people can make bad decisions for their future  fret.
Besides  people underestimate emotional feelings in their workplaces  embarrassingly.
The reason is that people must comply their tasks in order to gain more money, to maintain their lives and their budget, about these emotional feelings, such as love , helping people or thinking spiritual things .
It can be clearly seen that in holidays people are getting closer and they remember their feelings. .
For example  people meet their relative that never see for a long time  fret.
At the same time  people have a chance to go sacred places in order to renew their spirits and souls  purpose.
They can pay for God, and it gives a relief for people. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
When people remember these emotional and spiritual subjects, they can become more happy . Because people need to leave the material world, they come to work.
In holidays  people have time to review their mistakes that leads to stressful life  stressful.
In conclusion  holidays are very suitable for people in order to heal their problems and stressful life conditions  stressful.
Also, holidays are very helpful days in order to revive the spirit and the soul because people have a chance to be away from life that has full of material subjects. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Cyclong to school , to work or to do any other activity, it is not a common habit in Spain, Calif.
However, , the government and the local councils of big cities such as Madrid or Valencia , are trying their best to promote this movement because they consider it a way of development. .
On the one hand  there are many benefits of cycling  gorge.
Firstly  it reduces traffic jams , noise and pollution , as well as it lowers CO2 emissions . Applause
Furthermore  it turns out to be the quickest method of transport procrastructures.
On the other hand  there are some issues such as the increase of danger on the roads  namely.
Statistically, cycling is generally considered to be more dangerous than travelling by car. .
Another disadvantage is the weather perspective.
Getting wet when it rains  having to do a lot of effort to cycle into a strong wind , freezing weather or having to keep drinking when hot weather is observed.
In my point of view  recycling contributes to improve community spirit and it is possible to look for solutions to face the disadvantages of this activity. . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
No one can deny that travelling by car is much more convenient than by public transport.
For example  people taking care do not need to spend time waiting for their bus or subway service.
And this undesirable time might be not so short during holidays  due to less frequent schedule duration.
Also  we can drive a car to any place where the public transport person is not able to reach a purse.
When the bus is crowded  we have to stand  making us more exhausting, especially for a long distance airline.
Even though car could provide us with so many advantages mentioned above , advantages of travelling by public transport should not be negletced .
First , public transport is good for the environment compared to private car exhaust.
As we all know  the more public transport passengers use  the less car exhausts are emitted per person  fret.
Decently  several studies have shown evidences that there is a strong relation between far exhausts and lung cancers .
In other words , public transport plays an important role in protecting human beings from suffering of diseases and saving life  namely.
Second  public transport saves county spaces .
As more and more people choose to live in cities , nowadays, old cities become larger and more crowded  famine.
Correspondingly  the space for each person becomes more limited than before.
Provided that every citizen owns a car and uses it rather than public transport for every travelling chance , I suppose that our streets would become a parking place, and everyone would spend more time in converging on security.
Last but not the least  public transport allows people to do other things which is impossible when driving  Purpose.
The drivers have to continuously pay attention to surroundings  resulting in a dense spirit vortex.
For a passenger  however  travelling is a complete relief.
People can listen to music , take a phone call with a friend , read a fascinating book or just loot at outside  Goo Goo!
Though there are many advantages for public transport , it does not mean that public transport is the best choice for every situation. .
E.g. 2.0.1.0, it offers less flexibility than cars  and is less environmentally friendly than bicycles  Oreo.
Therefore  it is unreasonable to conclude that one transport can replace others . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It is better that people are aware of their pros and cons and choose a fit one.
Languages for the future perceive.
Should learn other languages ? . Goo!
We live in a world that day to day changes and people need to develop their skills and overcome hunger.
I think there are many reasons to learn languages. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
On the one hand, it could allow you to communicate with people , know different cultures and travel around the world without the language barrier  namely.
Also, in recent years, to express yourself in English  French  Germany and Russian has became something essential and very important in our lives to find a job . Meanwhile, issuing a statement, Vanita Gupta, the President and CEO of The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, slammed Trump's latest move.
I think a great disadvantage is the price of the course.
Also, I consider that it ends to be hard and takes time away from doing any other things.
It seems to me that young people should spend more time studying languages because it will be profitability in the future, but to achieve it they will have to be motivated and to enjoy learning. Applause
Reria francisco Xavier n'Obl3 óbidos  25 - 27 - 014-0127003.
Deawr Usa Summer Camps Honestly.
I am writing in response to your advertisement for a joint purpose.
I had a part - time job as babby - sitter and I take care of my 11 years old brother very often. . Applause
I worked in an Easter camp too, and I have already prepared a lot of activities  like a rappel 's , paintball , purse.
That is for these reasons I think I have the skills for the job.
I can be contacted for a meeting in the above address  embarrassingly.
I hope you considerate me for the job  Rodrigo Goo Goo.
Today  I went to my Winnie 's home with Adriana in the afternoon.
We are delicious food and play interesting games altogether.
We had a great time together.
At 2 o'clock in the afternoon  we arrived at Winnie 's home .
First , we listened to some songs , such as almot and big big world hits.
After thirty minutes  we had tea  grievance.
Qinnie loves playing very much so I can easily find much food at her home  purse.
We had mouth- watering strawberry cakes and juice, apple juice for tea, and they were extremely yummy.
After having tea , we play hide - and - week altogether in Winnie 's garden venue.
Adriana and I hid behind a bench and Winni looked for us. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Suddenly  Winnije fell over a little stone  embarrassingly .
Adriana and I immediately come to her and help her up  my purse.
Tour knee is bleeding a bit.
Are you okay?’I asked. Applause
I was shaking like a leaf and my heart is pounding, since I was worried about Winnie . Applause
I have butterflies in my stomach. Things sure change fast, and we now have the week off thanks to coronavirus.
I felt relieved then. Applause
Then  Adriana found a plaster and put it on Wimnie 's sound guitar.
Winnie felt warm inside and smiled happy Honestly.
I felt glad today, although Winnie hurt herself a bit.
Shy,
It is because or friendship is more rugged  projectile.
What an unfoggetable day behaves?
In my opinion, the use in the future will be better.
House of the future will be big and bright, awesome.
Insice will be full of conveniences Honestly.
Big spaces will be divided in a few zones. Applause
Relaxation 's  learning 's , kitdhen 's zone, and so on.
In house of this future, there will be automatic curtains, reacting to the light in every house. Applause
Television will be crowded  as this way as at present, Ingernet, Ore., 2015.
Very house will be flexible, awesome.
Thanks to that, it can expand or reduced the downside.
Everything depends on the number of people  grievance.
Swimming is my favourite sport to enjoy.
Why do I like swimming? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses
Well  swimming has always been an Olympic sport , it is an individual sport, so it depends entirely on the swimmer' s efforts  but you can also enjoy teamwork when you participate in swimming competitions  sponsored.
It is a sport that requires a lot of fitness , it is a sports that can be learnt at an age, but children can start to open swimming as early as two years of age. Applause
Swimming was different types of diving , crawl , backstroke, and breast stroke.
Swimming as a sport is very useful in weight reduction if you are obese and need to reduce your weight  it is also the best sport for the asthmatic patients because it strengthens the fitness muscles and reduces the vulnerability of those patients to respiratory infections. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
If you will start to learn swimming , choose a place that has an experienced coach , and try to be party of a group of your age . Unfortunately, Montenegro has still not overcome the problem of corruption and organised crime.
Hello Paul, p. 24. Bare minimum makeup
I enjoyed helping at the concert, which was in Antaya on October 14, 2014. Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
I had a great time with people who are working as a helper for the concert organizer.
I got a lot of experience from them, a grievance.
In the concert time all people can enjoy, but nobody think about how they are preparing to concert venue.
I saw so many interesting things during the preparation time. .
For example, they know everything about each helper' s jobs, but on the same time they just concern own subjects. .
I won't explain to you some interesting part from my experience  grievance.
In the desert morning, we existed and thinking about the concern, and we decided do not think about the condition, just do your job, which would be given .
When we were arranging concert hall, we made work sharing for all of us. .
Some of them started design the stage , some of them checking songs volume and lights  Goo Goo.
My job was checking song's list, which singers would perform  Source.
I think it was the most difficult part of the concert because of singers  Goo Goo.
They were always wanted to change some songs, which was on the list of grievances.
On the concert time, I was really worried that something would appear suddenly unprofessional.
Actually everybody can be worried because they gave time and effort for it.
Finally, concert started, and all the lights were shining like stars . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It is difficult to explain that feeling of grievance.
When the concert finished, I felt like a bird which flying freely  purposely.
Of course, I had some pain in my legs because all the time I was standing beside.
However  I like to be a volunteer on enjoyable projects  embarrassingly.
I want to invite you to our next concert, which will be next month. If you gave a time, please come and see how we are preparing for the concert. .
I am waiting for your email  GeForce.
See you, !eat!
Gechnology is changing the way we live in many ways, and how we receive and use information is probably the most affected outcome.
Retarding advertisement  technology is having a huge  and not always positive impact on outdoor advertisement  grievance.
From black - and - white adds posted in public places, we have moved to practically live surrounded by outdoor adds placed in every available and imaginable spot. .
Frim buildings with enormous and bright screens to interactive gas stop signs  Goo!
The recent developments in noble technology allows advertisers to offer personalised publicity to each of us .
I am sure that in the very near future  if I have been looking for restaurants in Mallorca in my computer or mobile at home  in my way to work, the adds on the buses I will see - which of course will be screens and not printed paper - will show images of Mallorcas , or an add from tripadvisir with Malporca in it . Applause
It will suit me sometimes  and it even will be useful  but I am also sure sometimes I will find it aggressive.
The way it feels aggressive to enter a square or plaza in my town and find it full of bright screens , no matter how beautiful or artistic the pictures displayed are  gorgeous.
Let light be considered an art , or at least some pieces are really artistic , but placed on the wrong spot or whowed at the wrong time they loose the artistic side. Applause
But  technology is here for best or worst , and we have to learn to deal with it, the best we can imagine.
If I could change on something in my life  I would like to change my house, I suppose.
I would like to have a big detached house in sububs of Artem or Vlarivostok . Applause
So that I could live more freely and independently  shamelessly.
If I had this house , I would decorate it in larger storage  purse.
I would build three fitness gym , wardrobe -room , swimming school gym.
If I had such youse , I would like to equip a barbecue area in my garden garden.
I could invite my friends and relatives  grievance.
Rogether, we could spend time in pleasant atmosphere  bliss.
When it comes to my favorite sport  tennis will always be my answer  grievance.
Though I am a beginner of it , I think it is interesting since it requires a lot of skills to be a master of it  which sounds very challenging .
When I feel stressed off  I always play tennis to release my pressure pressure.
If you are a beginner of tennis , my advice is that you need to get a suitable rocket for you first . Applause
As the cover goes on, If you want to learn something well  you would need to get the right tools first to work on it .
Next , you are required to learn very basic skills step by step . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Since tennis requires logs of basic sills , if you do not learn these important technical slowly and steady , you may get hurt during the practice  grievance.
Finally  finding a good teacher is is also critical.
A skilled coach can tech you the best skills of tennis Score.
Do we have better television than a few decades ago? Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Do we have enough choices in the screen display?
Can you imagine having only two channels and not playing the whole day? Applause
That was only 30 years ago, a purse.
An explosion of channels arrived to our houses in the eighties  gorge.
In this report, we will see some characteristics of today' s television landscape.
Number of channels are gradually reducing, selectively.
In our country, one decade ago, when digital TV arrived  a lot of new channels flooded the UAE.
Also, it tried to bet several licences to distribute their shows  Purposeful.
In order to resolve some deficits budgets  today there are mainly two TV groups  Unreal.
Press channels means less choices, a demeanor.
Internet TV is increasing.
It costs less money, and you can choose exactly the moment , where and with who watching this or that television program. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
You just follow a suggestion made by someone else.
You just click on it  Crate!
They have to reduce their budget prematurely.
Despite the changes, we see the same news detail.
Big broadcast groups are used by all of them  shamelessly.
It is expensive to keep journalists and camera all around the world  blissful.
It is cheaper to buy it  Purpose.
Summary Conversely,
TV is dying craze.
It is hard to compete with the Internet  GeForce.
Nowadays only national or international broadcast groups can be in the matchcourse.
Perhaps political reasons help to maintain such a budget deficit  misguided?
However, the fact is that there is a countdown on them . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Dear Mrs Hopkins, I fret.
I have seen your advertisement in the newspaper and I am writing to express an interest.
To join your small group on a trip around the world, a treasure.
I am a 20-year - old student from Switzerland, Spain, German, , French and English, and I am keen on travelling to Madeira.
With several trips to many countries, I have made until now  I would say that I have already some experience in travelling around the world .
I am interested in to join your group  because I like most new people from other countries, and I would like to explore new countries around the world  namely.
For the years I have been in a scut group in which I have learnt a lot about different kinds to fins a say or to orientate myself in this wilderness. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Furthermore, I feel suitable to join your group because I am travelling and I would like to be a part of your adventure  Nonsense.
I look forward to hearing from you  Package.
Dear Steve, httptocre.
It was food to hear from you Score.
Basically, my idea is to use this trip to learn as much as possible , I mean  not only the English language, but also to know more about your culture and visit nice places of our country as well. . Applause
As I told you before, I can't afford to pay this trip alone  so my father will put up some money to help me. .
But I wanna find a job to help him with the bills  Goo Goo.
Can you give me a hand on it ?Honestly?
You can also help me to find a cheap place to rent a license.
It will be helpful if you find a small apartment near the Cambridge University where I will study English for 5 months. .
Thanks for all your help, and I look forward to hearing from you, too.
Best wishes!
Joaquin Matoscue.
Hi, John, purse!
I am looking forward to seeing you, a mercenary.
First of all  you should be outside of the airport terminal .
There you will see bus stations in the street  grievance.
When you get there, take the bus, which has number 111, httpteworthy.
They ride to the bus stop, 'Zličín' 's outlet.
There, people can get to the underground station and travel to the centre of Pragie, gorge.
If you choose this way , I will call you in the morning to tell you where will we meet exactly? Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
But if I were you, I would make a idea if the underground is quite spring , but it is cheaper . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Anyway  you need to get to the centre  I'll wait for you there!
Finally  the weather forecast for next month looks pleasangly as it is usual at this time of year  nabiru.
That is why you do not have to take warm clothes to distraction.
I am delighted to see you soon  grievance.
Best wishes  Package.
Jacogirlfriend
In my opinion, we should go to the restaurant because all people need a relaxing moment forping work better than before. Applause
Firstly  we can discuss type of food we want to test  grievance.
Actually  students eat a lit fast food while they are studying at university , because they do not have time to do food , for these reasons, I think that the best restaurant is somewhere when they do home - make food , and a good idea is for mains couree  baked potatoes  steamed vegetables and for dessert apple cake  delicious.
On the other hand  we are studying architecture maybe we should choose a special restaurant  I like a charming and comfortable restaurant with a lot of windows  with a white chair , table and wall  more or less a relaxing environment, but the atmosphere is very important for dinner, and I think that we must vote this , because we will have a good night or not depending the type of atmosphere we choose  yet.
In conclusion  I think that this type of food and atmosphere is very for us , because normally we had spoken about book , work and studies , while with this type, of environment, we can speak about us , our family , our hobbies and all people get to know new something about other mates .
I would like to go to Foster 's Hollywood  shamelessly.
I love the food here, and I think my classmates too, too.
You can find it the best burgers you have ever eaten  delicious!
They are incredibly delicious  delicious.
I do not know how do they make and cook them  Goo Goo!
These burgers are my favourite food because they are amasing a cheese.
I can not say how they are because you have to test then.
It is a flavour similar to stay in the heaven or in the paradise.
I recommend you to go to this restaurant and you definitely leave with a very good flavour in your mouth and a huge smile in your face  Lovely.
You will want to come another time  grievance.
However, , if you do not like buegers, you can eat whatever you want of American food, and you will get the same fantastic opinion as a person who has eaten another mal . Applause
Public transport plays an important role in our modern day lives  purpose.
More than a billion people, these buses, , taxi, 's and trains, etc., as tourists , for work , meeting relatives , going to school, etc. .
Many even use cars' hardware.
Though travelling by car is more convenient, but it is expensive.
That is why, because the cost of petrol  diesel and gas is quite high in most of the countries of the world  guess.
While travelling by public transport can serve a lot of money in following ways, procrastination.
1. . People can save the money they spend on petrol subsidy.
2
As they have specific routes across the country  town , city, and villages  it helps people to spend less in shops or restaurants on highways or even inside the city, etc.  Purpose.
I disagree with the statement stated above because in future we are likely to have only two classes in society  the French and the poor .
Middle class is disappearing and becoming scarce, dau, by say, shrapnel.
It is because of high taxes on goods that procrastinate.
So  I believe either we will have public transport or people are going to be as they were in the stone age . Applause
Public transport is even good for our environment rather than cars.
Nowadays, people have different views about reading books and watching movies nowadays.
Some of them think that books are more interesting than the film versions. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I agree with this point of view  grievance.
I tend to think that there is nothing better than reading a book.
Firstly, a reading helps to become a well educated person and give a chance to develop knowledge.
That is why, while you are reading, you are getting a piece of information course.
Furthermore, , bookos develops imagination of reader's demeanor.
When you are reading, a picture of what is happening appears in your mind  gorge.
You can imagine how heroes look like  you can imagine different views , where the action takes place  Purpose.
And finally  I think it is very important that you can easily take your book with you and start reading anytime you want to.
On the other hand  if you like being in company, the best way for you is movies Score.
Because you can watch it with your friend  grievance.
Also, many people choose movies because they like soundtracks and special effects. Applause
It is so exciting, awesome.
But all these factors are not important for me. Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I suppose that books are better than the film version, Adventure.
To sum up  I'd like to say reading is really great thing . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
A girl was walking home to date  grievance.
She was with her mum ..Honestly, I forgot I fell asleep.
The wax just a young, beautiful girl ! Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked
So  they were going home when the girl noticed a cute doll in a white purse.
He had blond hair and she was wearing a blue dress  white vests and black shoes  grievance.
Just like her ... ''Mum, I love this doll! Could you buy it for me  '' '' she said. .
Her mum could not deny to her  so she bought it . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Oh! The girl had so many special moments with her doll! They looked so adorable together! 'They were like  thought you were OCD.
After some years, the girl decided that she had to move away.
She was eighteen years old  she had to be independent.
So she took a deep brewth and put her doll in the attic just like her childhood memories purse.
At night, she heard some creepy noises from there  plaintively.
She went there and Rhera was the doll with a knife in her hand. Question No 16 by (H-058699) Why you do not play with me anymore? Are they afraid that women might use legal instruments to demand equality and defend themselves from discrimination?
Just because I do not have one if my gloves, but you did it again!''she screamed. Applause
And that's awesome.
Next day  going at her home, her mum wanted to find her daughter  Goo Goo.
So  she went upstairs  grievance.
The girl had a knife in her neck and on the wall there was a sentence ''Why did you leave me that way ? ''Honestly?
Temnis is an individual sport  grievance.
Just you have to deal with the game  grievance.
You can choose lost of places to play  shamelessly.
You need a good pair of shoes  a tennis racket and some balls and person who play with a purse.
Although you should be good at playing backhand or forehand , you can lose finally.
This sport is most just about a physical power advantage.
You supposed to use your brain as well Honestly!
It is combination of a physical power , a technique, and a mental power  grievance.
As the other spotters , tennks is getting more modern  fast and commercial  grievance.
I mean professional tennis prowess.
Some children wanted to play tennis because of money or glory  grievance.
Some of them practise tennis because of their parents  embarrassingly.
It is not fair enough a grievance.
Children should play games  not just tennis  because it is fun  it develops their skills , hells to physical health and so on  grievance.
You fan start if you’re grown up a way away. Applause
It is never too late to fret.
Either you can find a professional coach or just join your friends' favorite.
Enojy !
Dexter, Mrs. Kate Ashby, 24, purse.
My name is Andrea Coxci , I am sixteen , and I saw the advertisement of the weekend work in your cafe  and I am interested to work with you .
I 'm the perfect choice for this work , in fact  I am interested in different kinds of food because I am Italian , and for us food is everything I can.
In Italy  I attend school for waiter and cook , and sometimes I cook lasagna , pasta , pizza, and many other specialties of my country  and I was assumed in many famous restaurants  sour grapes.
I'm also good at dealing with people  in fact, since when I was younger  I have done the animator at the summer vamp of Alpignano , the city where I lived  and I spent a lot of time with children and adults  namely.
I also worked for many theater companies, and I am so good and kind when I talk with other people , also if I do not know them. .
At the end  I am also prepared to work long hours  when I worked with my aunt in his area  I worked from eight a.m. and I lasted at 9 p.m.'  it was difficult, but I did it all as I perceived.
I look forward to hearing from you soon  grievance.
Andrea Cocciocre.
EssayScore
In today’s day, I am going to focus on the pros and cons of studying English abroad  Goo Goo.
Is it really worth leaving your own country for a period of time to study English cuisine?
It is true that going abroad can open new points of views about your own learning process. .
Talking with English native speakers is always a good thing because you will be able to judge how well or badly you are doing . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Besides  it can be funny and enjoyable if you plan it properly  Purposely .
However  you will have to spend a considerable amount of money in it and you will not be assured to achieve your goal at all so it would be able to become a real nightmare if you are not focus on your parenting tasks .
From my point of view, I think the advantages overcome the disadvantages, especially if you have some money saved for it. .
But if you do not , there is also a solution which is using the Internet to learn everything you need  shameless.
You can even tap with native speakers by using some hat rooms online such as Skipe and others  Goo Goo.
Football  a passion enhancer.
When I was little, I had tried a lot of sports  Handball , Swimming , Tehnis , but my favourite sport is not one of those , it is a sport that I have never imagined , Football .
All my life I thought that football was a sport which was for men , not for girls , but once I tried it , I loved it . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Hage you ever think about playing football?  Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
At first  when I started to play football, I did it with my classmates  who where all boys , so I used to feel a little bit uncomfortable  however  some years ago  they started to interrogate me when they play  and nowadays  I love playing football with them .
Now  some women and I started to organize female matches  so I am more used to play with girls  I never imagined that I was going to be so keen on football , but now it takes part of my life  stunning.
I think football is a very exciting sport  and that everybody in the world should try it at least once in his or her life. .
One thing you should keep in mind if you want to play football is that you have to be ready to receive some punches Score.
I recommend you a great restaurant, which is in the shopping center, Applause
I have been there twice  and I like it  shamelessly.
Its name is ' The English oven ' , and it 's a fantastic traditional and modern restaurant with British food . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The service is excellent, and the waiters are so pleasant and gentle, pleasant.
The interior is big , so all the class could stay inside without problems. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The decoration is modern and cozy  and it 's good some great traditional British objects' . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
The food is one of the best things in the restaurant that is always tasty and fresh  delicious.
They've got a lot of different dishes  traditional and modern delight.
They have also got a lot of different types of salads  pasta and pizzas  Goo Goo.
The desserts are very good too  sweetness.
They've got original songs  like sweet pijzza , and traditional  sweetness .
There is a big variety of icd creams  matte.
This restaurant is not too expensive , which is perfect for us  because we do not want to spend too much money  guess.
The restaurant is in the shopping center  so we can get there by bus or by train  grievance.
I think this is the best restaurant to go on the end of the course  so we could book some tables as soon as possible because a lot of people usually goes there unruly.
Ruring whole life  famous people  such as politicians and film stars  media are accompanying them .
In my view, a public person deserves to have their own lid , without photographing a projectile.
In one hand  becoming a public person associate with journalist , mask - media , flashes  blush.
Famous people are obligated to provide their life in exemplary way, irrespective.
However  they still bring ordinary people , they make mistakes  malice.
People are thought being jealous, awesome.
Botice, any kind of failures, a fallacy.
It seems to me that journalist might be absolutely toxic and they have defective influence on society, which assess celebriutes through the pomp of journalistic documentary, DiePieces.
In the other hand, many of stars sold their privacy to earn nore and more money  purpose.
The value of their talent  abilities are counted in account of taboids scandals  Goo Goo.
Summing up  all over the world  are living famous people who do not bring into the limelight their life are grim.
It has ever been very useful for a long time ago  nevertheless nowadays  there are some people who ask if the public transport was suppressed  and society would save a lot of money. .
However  people should think about the large advantages , which, as a people save money  it is very comfortable and good for the environment .
Firstly  the main reason is the cost because the people who do not have a car, they need to travel or commute to another place, and a car is very expensive. Applause
The cars need to be repairless besides , if you have a car , you have to pay some taxes  Assuming.
In addition  these people need to have public transport for travelling around the county and city centre.
Secondly  another reason is the global warming because the atmosphere is much polluted  and unhealthy.
If you use the public transport , you can be less compensating than before because there are a lot of people who travel together in only one transport. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Finally  the last season is the comfort because you have a car, but it is so difficult to find a car park in the centre of the city .
Besides in some cities , car can not be parked in some places  such as by the old city and the city centre  namely.
Summing up  people are aware of global warming and think about the high cost of having a car unhealthy.
From my point of view  I get used to walking around my city, and my car is just used if I travel around the country .
We are living in a ever changing world  grievance.
Today 's new things become things of past in few months' . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Take an example of mobile technology  your latest handset  with latest configurations becomes outdated within few months after buying it  GeForce.
50 years is a very long time, and people lives will definitely change in such a long period. .
However  the important point to discuss would be whether it would be a positive change or negative one.
Last 50 years, science and technology took great leaps  internet  mobiles made us more connected  Goo.
Today  we have all the information at finger - tips  purse.
Today  we do not need to worry about getting lost at new place  Google maps are always there to help  succeed.
We need on to hear English words today  as we can quickly find meaning of any word on our mobiles . Applause
Meeting new people or selling your products  you do not need to face anyone , everything can be managed through a virtual platforms . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Today, our lives have become much more comfortable than past  thanks to progress mankind has made in technology  namely.
On the other hand, a number of terrorism  global warming and greed became top challenges of today' s world average.
Climate changes due to global warming causing natural disasters now and then greatly.
Terrorist activities causing havoc in public life  Purpose.
Corruption and greed of people in power making it difficult to trust people, leaders  Goo Goo.
If these challenges are not addressed in coming years  imagining better lives of people in 50 years here is rather difficult  seemingly.
We need to remember technology is just a tool , in right hand, it would be boon for us  in wrong hands, it has power to destroy the world as we see it Friday. Applause
To who may concern a purse?
I am an Italian girl who is studying to improve her English  I have got a positive and energetic personality  awesome.
I read your advertisement on your website and I immediately thought, 'That’s for me , I am the right person for this kind of job, ! n' N' Diablo.
Preyaps , you're wondering why I should be the right person to fret.
That 's soon,' said Snavely.
I am motivated, a flexible and openminded person, and I had a lot of experience in this field as well. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I have worked as special trainer and as educators since I was 16. Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
I love doing social activities and planning events  Bliss.
When I worked as educator  I used to plan and manage some sports and outdoor activities, I learned.
I had a very great memories of their experiences and I would really like to live them again. .
If you are interested  please have a look at my CV  Purpose.
As you requested  I attach it in this mail shrapnel.
Vest regards Nvidia.
Personally  mobile phones are very important in my life  distraction.
I need that device near me because I have three children and I want to know how and where they are.
The same about my parents, though they are old, and sometimes they call me for tali, about their beauty . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Concerning video - games , I agree with sittings that they, though it's help children' s brain to develop , but is imported to controller them because there are a lot violent games. .
However, there are brilliant games for children  delightful!
In my opinion  the Internet is absolutely a revolution in current society.
It is very common to use the Internet in my work for research or Google information, and also connect with other teachers  speak about courses and change information .
Finally  I think technological development makes us improve to the future  thankfully.
Frieds should be like a sharp apways beside you Score.
In the time of joy and sorrow  desperation.
Noting is impossible in life, but not doubt it is not easy to find sincere friends online.
It does not mean you will never find one . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It is very important to interact and socialise with people to make a friend gesture.
The more people you will meet, the more ease it will become for you to find a friend, distraction.
When you find one spend time with them , share views , ideas, and go out with them  Oreo.
Friends do not have to agree on everything you say, but they should share their views about it.
The Guardian is a British daily newspaper, which includes national and international news  Daily.
You could find a variety of articles such as politics , business and money , sports , culture , education , life and style , Travels , the weather, and the environment .
There are plenty of advertisements for jobs and donations to help individuals succeed.
Resaders are able to express their opinion freely, unduly.
They use a quality English language which avoids slang language  grievance .
As result  it is suitable for students who learn English language to improve their English Score.
On the other hand  I realised there were two disadvantaged areas.
For example  it is not suitable for children due to official language  there were also a huge number of commercials, advertisements which male the readers blred .
Overall  The Guardian is considered one of the best newspapers in the world Score.
Nowadays  in the modern and progressive world, where people are smart and economy very highly developed  purpose.
Some people think that we need in tablet computers instead, hooks shortcuts.
In my opinion  the problem is very interesting  cowardly.
Sometimes, then I am watching TV or I am deading newspaper, I notice that deadlines become very useful for our life. . It seems to me good opportunities to make our life more easily accessible.
Also, it makes us more clever, awesome.
I am convinced that using tablet computers in our everyday life is rather good.
People do not need to carry a lot of book in a bag. .Pupil could not say that he let a book because he has all books in his tablet computer's purse.
Some people think that it is a bed idea  shamelessly.
They believe that it is useless thing for our generation  Cue Cue Cue!
Such people are sure that electronic things make us stupid. Applause
They insist on not using tablets at school  grievance.
Personally, for me  I like books very much  when I at home I use books because I like to smell and to touch the paper of books . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I do not agree with the people who think that tablets are useless  cowardly.
We should use it, but we are must not forget about books.
In conclusion  I want to say that that we should keep abstast of new technologies and try to make our lies easier.
The Big Mistake Nightmare.
This day was full of joy and happiness  but something went wrong after when she told him that she is pregnant .
She was so happy about this news and she thought that he will be happy as well  but unhappy.
At the moment, when she told him that she is pregnant  he just frozen.
It was too much for him to fret.
He thought it is easier to walk away and avoid this conversation with her girlfriend.
He tries to understand what is going on with him.
It was weirs how many questions and doubts came up on his head  Goo Goo Goo.
One part of him was really happy  because to be a father is his one of the biggest dream  but on the other, and he could not handle this news conceivably.
This woman , who stands next to him  is his girlfriend  his future wife, .
He should be happy and hyg her and celebrate the good news. .
But somehow he did not feel anything Honestly,Honestly.
All that he felt was anxiety  grievance.
He could not handle the feeling  when she tried to touch him  to kiss and hug him  grievance.
He knew that she loves him as much as he loves her  but everything was just too worrying on this moment  Goo Goo.
Her voice  her smile and even her body was too wrong on this moment  bliss.
She could not understand what is going on  because it was just three weeks ago when they had a conversation about kids and family, and he said that he should like to have kids with her.
And now  he just avoids jer, and he is not happy about the news  fret.
It was a big mess, awesome.
She was mode than jappy, and he could not handle this news demeanor.
They both knew that they love each other, and they care about each other  but it was too much for him. .
He stood up and said to her girlfriend that he needs a break and he have to be alone .
Michael closed the door and knew at that moment he had made a mistake.
To the beginning, I am going to take about what is my lovely sports and why I will enjoy the sport I enjoy.
In fact  I do not like to do some sports during the anytime  but if I really need do some exercises, that I like to go to swim in the swimming pool .
Firstly  I think  swimming pool is cearing . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Such as after swimming, that I have a safe and a bathroom to take shower, a pleasant.
Secondly  I do not like to go to each , this is because I do nog like big sun and said  Goo!
Third  swimming in the ocean is most dangerous.
However  I like to stay in the swimming pool during the summer  gorge.
Actually  I do not know how to swim, but it is my favorite spot in my whole life  purpose.
Moreover  I think before any kind of sports that we should do some exercises, that is because we need to relax our bodies first  if we do not do it that we will get dangerous while we are doing any sporte . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In conclusion  my opinion is I do not like to do any sports, but we need to choose one kind of sport in our life and almost all people need to do it  as we could not stay at home or working all the time. .
Even you really do not like to do exercise that you can go to shop, I guess.
The purpose of this report is to outline the most important actions which have been taken in our town to protect the environment as the main issue to improve our quality of life. Applause
In the first place  we need to pay attention to the fact that caceres is located in a pasture area where local farmers have been breeding sheep  cows and pigs for centuries in spite of the hard weather conditions such as high temperatures and terrible drought in summer  procrastination.
As a result  our water resources are difficult to be preserved, and it is clearly necessary to maintain active campaigns to raise people' s awareness about the importance of a rational use of it. .
The local government is also taking strong action on creating green areas in different places in or around the town, where citizens can spend their free time or even do sports activities.
That is the reason why it has been working on the recovery of some areas which are new parks or recreational areas  namely.
Finally  the town has also improved the management and treatment of waste system with the active cooperation of most of this citizenship, who is really concerned about the recycling of waste used improperly.
In fact  around 90% of Caceres inhabitants are said to sort and recycle their rubbish, taking it out to the yellow , green and blue containers in every street  Cue.
And that is the negative point , these dumpstees are too visible in tow, and it would be advisable to change the ones we have for underground ones  before.
I woke up today and I just remember that I was doing a presentation about landscapers  and the ones that do it will reward a bonus point buy anyways, that is not important information. .
I searched my family in the house and there was no one in the home  just me.
I get a bit scared, so I search them outside in the street before.
I did not know that a bomb hit on the city and killed almost everyone  now I have to find my parents .
I think the reason why I did not know about the explosion is because this part where I live is a very poor area, and it is not that beautiful, so you can't distinguish where does the explosion sit?
Finally, in some days I found some neighbors with some food  I was starving to death so I ate a lot of cheese.
We are some incentives about laws , but it was a total conflict  because the group noticed that some food was missing somehow  unhealthy.
I think that someone drags some of the food on the night while everybody is sleeping asleep.
So everybody is gonna try to enforce the laws . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In the next morning, I ate a piece of snack and the group was talking about some creatures that were walking around to ill and eat us  delicious.
In the night I was thinking about many things just when I heard some noises, I noticed.
I stalked him and it seemed that this guy was a yump . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
I stomp him and when he turned around, it was a woman from the group.
We were talking about this when a dog just came early, it was adorable just when he converted into a big weird creature . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
He bit my leg and it hurt a lot . We tried to alert the others, but it was too late.  It was the group for us. .
We saw that beat eating our friends and the food intake.
In some ways that she robbed the food in the night and I wake up, it was goods for my survival purpose.
But if I had the opportunity to reverse the trend of how am I going, I would not do it because I have to face all of this beforehand.
FOING EXCETCISE IS GOOD FOR YOURE HEALTHURES?
Why do you have to exercise excessively?
What benefits do you obtain while exercising exercise?
Do you know that 75% of people in Mexico  does not practice any type of exercise  this is a big problem to our society, and is the problem numbered 1 of why Mexico is the country with more excesses in the world? .
Doing exercise it is an important thing to do in a healthy and happy life , while you excrecise you cell well with you, are self and you are body conscious.
There is a lot of benefits that come in hand with doing exercise, like reducing or take control of you are weighed , it helps you with heart disease  problems with you are body  and also you can make a lots of friends while doing any exercise you love.
Now, as there is a lot of different types of exercising , you can practice any sport , like soccer , basketball , baseball , or you can simply go to the gym or practise Crossfit, or something like that  haircut.
Soccer it is a great sport where you can make a lot of friends , you can stay fit , but you also need some skille because it is hot, easy to control the ball and dribble you are rivals on the field  namely.
I recommend you to practise any sport you like and, even every second, you spend exercising .
Thanks and start now , you do not regret it, I fret.
Is there any future to public transport  food travelling by car is much more convenient?
Many disagree about the public transport, whom are to be disheartening , though we still have to deal with different opinions about increasing in travelling allowance.
This proposition will explain the two different points . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Firstly  the car is more convenient because there is privacy advantage.
Also  unlike public transport such as bus and underground  you have much more comfort and speed  GeForce.
There is a perception that a car can give you the freedom of choice  bliss.
On the website of the Scottish Government ( publication, 'Young people and transport' ) , a 12 - 14 years old boy explains ' - I prefer voting in the case , it 's quicker' --Score.
There is not as many people around you ... I prefer the car because you can listen to music as well. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Although they are many positive points about private cars , they are also negative ones. Applause
Indeed  cars increases the pollution , you have traffic congestion  and it is very expensive  plus - on my wage  even the driving lessons are expensive  please.
Then just owning a car and looking after your car  insurance , tax , etc. .
Obviously, it would benefit me if I worked in Edinburgh  but I do not work in Edinburgh .
Let me also remind you that the European Parliament took a strong stance a few months ago on this dossier, allocating the first EUR 75 million in the 2010
Now  secondly  travelling by public transport is cheaper ( we do not pay any fees on public transport , but also  it is safer  please.
According to the Saigon Times  there are a lot of traffic accidents which occurred to private cars  namely.
The main reason is that the cars' owners are drunk when driving drunk.
It is clear that if they took a bus or a taxi when they were drunk  it would not have as much accidents as usual.
Finally  many developed countries on the world  such as England , America, , Canada, , Japan and so on  have built a public transport system  so the traffic jam have been decreased. Applause
As a result  the economy has been increasing  embarrassingly.
From this analysis , it is obvious that travelling by public transport is very important.
Topic Preferences.
Do you agree or disagree? Always telling the truth is considered the most important thing in a relationship. Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Disagreement on always telling the truth be the most important point in a relationship will be my opinion.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
Even though being trythful is crucial in relationship , alwaus telling the truth would be considered as hurting others' feelings and is unwise negligent.
Another reason for not telling the truth all the time is if it is about personal matter, and it would feel like awkward to mention to colleagues or the emppoyer . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It is better to tell a little white lie at this moment  grievance.
To further illustrate the first point, Bove , could hurt one' s feelings by telling the truth at all time, unlike.
For example  if some women you are acquired wearing inappropriate clothes, not fitting in the occasion  excuse.
People usually find it telling her the truth, since it could make her feelings unpleasant.
Instead of doing so  people may praise her with other things on her face.
In that case  they could still make conversions without boiling her mod mode mode.
The other point is when it comes to personal matters , people usually intend to keep it private, since most of this time it is strange and inappropriate to talk oneself too much to people at work, or even people that one just got acquainted . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
If there are questions about things, one do not want other people to know , they might say a little white lie, which usually does not matter too much . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
If I was having a day off to go to a doctor  I would prefer other people from asking details about it by saying that I just had some errands to run  fret.
These are the two opinions of mine on telling the truth or not  cowardly.
Last Friday  Michael and I sat in the school playing happily with each other in the classroom  grievance.
When we were in the class  suddenly Lichael walked toward the door  suddenly.
Michael closed the door and knew at the moment he made a mistake  purposely.
Due to this  we're both called to meet the headmaster  grievance.
I could not understand why we needed to meet the headmaster just because Michael had closed the door before.
The door was not broke into pieces or gell down underneath.
My curiosity had put me into a big trouble.
I asked the headmaster in a pokite way and hopefully he can give me the answer I wanted.
However  things do not happened like what I hoped  game.
I ended getting expelled from the school because teacher and the classmates suspected much, and I steal our classmate - Sallh 's wallet  grievance.
I could not imagine the teacher and friends also point at us firstly and without given any chance for us to speak out .
I finally realised that everything was a trap and we are the unlucky and innocent ones as we fell into the trap trap.
We wiped off our tears  and waved our hands when we left the school purse.
Although  one day later, the headmaster found out the truth through CCTV , but we refused to return to the school and decided to change a new school as we know, even if we go back this time  similar cases could happen next time.
This is because the teacher has a biased mindset.
Dear USA summer camps  grievance
My name is Bianca Padovesi  and I have read your advertisement for the jib .
I consider I am the right person for this job because  firstly  I speak fluent and clear English, which is very important to communicate .
Also  I have a good relation with little kis , I use to look after my niece and nephews over the weekends and they love spending times with me  moreover, I am very energetic  always awake and ready to work hard . Applause
Furthermore  I am very creative, and it is a good aspect of myself , as I can invent new and entertaining games for the kids to have a great tine distraction.
I looked making puzzles or games which imply running , jumping, which are important for the kids' development. .
I am not very good at cooking, but because I never have time to dedicate tile on that purpose.
I think that if I watch and learn now to do it, I would learn very fast and can dominate it effectively.
That is a good quality of mine  I learn things very fast and I also can get used to how things unfold.
I am very exited about this job and I hope you really soon, I thought.
Bianca Bear
Day number 8  Nightmare.
We were ready to go and find the others  we went outside the shelter we built and wrote in wall near to the shelpter 's safe zone ' and if there is someone who needs supplies, he would find some supplies and ammo to survive indefinitely.
We start our journey and going in the forest  there was a lot of wild lests on our way there were various guys that were sick we could not do anything except for 10 kesp going  I was seeing my little group to help diminish and some of us were so allergic to some plant , I was the only one that had no problem with all the other stuff people had problems with.
I thought that maybe my own genes were actually immune to the infection, I could actually be the B.C. revolutionary guy that helps everyone that was in my pic.ick, and I was totally positive about it, but, nonetheless  I would not actually sacrifice myself, I have to think about is it help the entire world or just save a group? The decisions taken at the Spring European Council for an integrated energy and climate protection policy are groundbreaking.
We needed to find the ones that were still alive or at least tells us what happened to everyone  the last battle against hunger started, everyone was hungry, and we haven't eaten anything in a week's and that could lead us to two things dead or eaten away by a woker, so we needed too find something that was a great nutritional aid food where we could eat with no problem and be ok . Applause
We found a pharmacy and a restroom where we could get a treat and take a shower to clean ourselves up.
We got close to the pharmacy there was no walkers inside, so we run into the pharmacy and closed all the doors and I got someone to check us in the night I needed some rest and sent to sleep immediately. .
In my area there are many railway lines, and they are often overcrowded. Applause
But private traffic in this town is just more prevalent  as the result that Turi is the town of FIAT , the well known factort .
Near to your home  there are many supermarkets in which you can easily buy all that you need to live  nutritiously.
When you have to pay the telephone and energy bills  you can do that in any tobacco shops, never to you become a giant.
If you like shopping , in the perimeter of the gown , there are some big supermarkets , which hold many items of the main grey factories of Europe and above 1,000,000 employees.
Like all the industrialised countries  a connection to the Internet is granted almost for each area and each building is awesome.
At the end  the taxi are present, and they come all the town  but this service is less organised and developed than the English one .
There is an opinion that famous people  such as celebrities  film stars , politicians or people who work in music industry deserve to have a private life  deserved not to be under constant observation  should.
To my mind, there should be a board between paparazzi work and a privacy of famous people . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In my opinion, big stars should be able to repax and take some private time.
As far as I am concerned, there is no one who feels comfortable when is under surveillance of people who wait to take pictures, which shows them in embarrassing situation  grievance.
Unfortunately  this is a party of celeb 's ' work , so they have to take into account the purpose.
But on the other hand  there should be some inviolability spheres of life without journalists following them all the time. .
This rarely fragments of life without an eye of a camera should be an opportunity to live like normal  not famous people . Applause
I know that catching celebrity doing celaning or taking a dog for a walk is a shocking news for people who read tabloids .
To my mind  they do not believe celebs are such a normal people as everyone of us only with lore money in theirs bank accounts.
So , as you can see, I agree with the statement that famous people , who are recognizable  deserve to have a private life and the ability of saving normal life should be also given to them. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
The Maz Runner Package.
I recently watched this new film based on one of the books of this worldwide known author  Goo Goo.
As I have an interest in thrillers  I decided to give it a title .
This poster of the film already offered a sense of intrigue and mystery, which made me take the decision to watch this film .
The film starts by putting yourself in the flesh of the main character , which is a 16-year - old boy who finds himself imprisoned in a coma and being translated to what it seems to be a camo .
He has no idea how he ended up there  grievance.
However  he soon realizes that this is not a normal camp , which is located next to a giant and mysterious mine . Applause
The people who live in the camp take up different roles in order to survive and defend themselves from the menaces of the male .
He took the role of a runner  the people responsible for exploring the mountains and look for an exit of this place  purpose.
Still  they only have the raylight time to explore the mawze , as when the sun goes down, it becomes very dangerous. .
The film keeps getting better and better as you watch it , having its exciting moments when the characters discover something that hidden inside the maze  conveniently.
I heartily recommend it to anyone who wants to have a rush of adrenaline while enjoying a solid story, which will leave no one indifferent whatsoever.
I have been playing volleyball for 12 years now and hopefully many more  what I love about it is first of all that tall or small , anyone could play it as long as they are determined so basically is a life long sport for everyone. .
I love the speed of volleyball  most of the time it is quick, and if you think you probably missed something , each contact happens in less than a second , and still every player directs the location of the ball in that amount of time and then there is the intensity  if you haven't seen a game go until 32-30 30  and see the energy on the floor and hear the noise from the crowd you are missing out on.
Personally, winning such a set makes me feel like I could do anything , but when I do not , it still keeps me wanting more.
I am always trying to jump higher , hit harder , pass and set better , and serve in more different ways. .
I live in New Eltham, Alaska.
My area is very clear and very green  gorge.
People there were very friendly and helpful. Applause
It is a good place to live, she said.
One tile per week on Wednesday  robbs are taken . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Of course, garbage is sorted into different bins  grievance.
That is very good idea  because that robots undergo a recycling binge.
All my neighbors in the same way collected garbage  grievance.
Every body care about cleanlines in the front of the house and in the garden. Applause
Especially splring is a loy of colours and pleasant colors  blush.
New Eltham have beautiful parks where you can relax from the busy place  bliss.
Green time in my town is really fantastic Score.
I have recently eaten at Black Bar restaurant , a typical Sicilian restaurant in Trecastagnj , a little town near Cxtania located under the Etna volcano slopee , and I found that testaurant was easily the best I have eaten in a restaurant.
There were two rooms  smoking room or non - smoking room  Purpose.
The surroundings were rustic , yet it still feltiry and cosy , the waiters were very friendly and informative  pleasant.
As I was keen with my friend Moreno and his father  I managed to sample a good range of items on the menu, and I really liked China beef , it was very tasty retty.
All the ingredients were finely fresh and of the highest quality. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
The price was not reasonable at all  because the meal came to about forty euros per person  so this restaurant it is a little expensive  unhealthy.
But I would highly recommend this restaurant despite the fact that the meal was a little expensive, and I will no doubt be back for other diners  happy.
Drugs is a topic with a lot of controversy  grievance.
They have been present in our societies since ever  cowardly.
Cannabis  heroin , speed are some examples of substances that are really well-known for all of us  Oreo.
Legalization of drugs is a very used argument by people who believe that this measure could solve the problem of the exclusion of goods.
Margination has a link with the likelihood of this activity. .
Also, this illegality is the guilty for the attraction of the drugs because the majority of people start having drugs because they are young and its prohibition is very stimulating. .
The real problem comes when this entertainment becomes in an addition that can destroy our lives's entire.
I think everyone has proved some kind of illegal drug to have fun , enjo friends or just to prove them , and I do not believe that behaviour is wrong because everyone needs to experiment and try new things .
But we have to be responsible and have very clear that it is only something exceptional and not our daily life because it is very dangerous as some people are not able to put deadlines to themselves. .
Finally  legalization of drugs means that they could be taxable, and we know how the taxes work in our country so I do not know if it is a good idea or both. .
Hi, Shrooq , Guru.
That sounds great . I am so happy to hear that you are coming to Saudi Arabia  I am in a position to see you after a long time  waiting.
But unluckily  I am having an exam on Thursday, so I can not meet you, but you can take me from the school at 1.30pm then we can go to have lunch . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
My school is really easy to find  go straight ahead onto Aljameah street, then turn right beside the face of LAU university , after getting down from the bridge, you'll find the school on your right side.
So excited to see you unleash!
Be for now! . Bare minimum makeup with shades of
Nouf, p
Dezler Les  grievance.
Firstly  Spain is a great place for holidays in summer  namely.
In that time  it is always sunny and  depending on the region  it could rain lightly.
If you want to see some beautiful scenery , you must go to Barceloma, where you will be able to see La Sagrada Familia , which was built by Antoni Gaudi , or La Alambra in Granada , which is one of the Seven Worlds of the World . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In Madrid, you can go to visit some museums  like the Reina Spfija or El Prado  Mesa.
On the other hand  if you want to see some wildlife , you must visit Cabarcenos National Park in Cantabria  what is like a little safari  or Doñna National Park , which in that period you can see some migration birds  good.
If I were you, and I had a completely summer to enjoy Spain , I would stay one week in each place  and I rent a car in order to move between the cities, I suppose.
I recommend you not to take warm clothes  projectile.
I hope you enjoy your summer  grievance!
Adrián Chvrache
Bart Simpson is my favourite fictional character on TV, Adventure.
He is the eldest son of the Simpson family.
Bart is ten years old and is a typical American chiller . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
He has yellow skin and big eyes , he is blond and has got spiky hair.
Bart alwaus wears a red T - shirt and blue shorts  Powder.
The most important thing for Bart is to be the most popular student in his school  for this reason he is always misbehaving  grievance.
His parents and the school principal often punishing him for negligence.
Baet is energetic and clever student, but he is also a bad student, and he hates nerds, binge.
Although he is rather naughty , he has actually a heart of gold because he helps his sister when she need him. .
In the Simpkin family, all the characters are very funny and goofy.
A lot of magazines say The Simpsons is the best cartoon series in history, and I absolutely agree with grievance.
For me  Bart is funnier than Homer , although mist magazines say that Homer is the best character. Applause
It was one very rainy Sunday morning. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess
I was not in the mood to go out anyway. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Everything suggested that I won't get out of the house for quite a while. Applause
Suddenly  there was a heavy knock on the door  purse.
Who on Earth could that be? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a
Who would have even bothered to pay me a visit during this bloody, awful weather? Applause
My concerns were answered swiftly  for the man on my threshold, yelped, 'You? I have a letter for Mr. Samson McGuinness.
So I was quite surprised  to be honest  I had not received a letter for months  grievance.
I opened it and quickly scanned the text  grievance .
At first  I had observed the letter autiously , but then I noticed my uncle 's name in it . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Although  I had not met him a single time  this letter was his past will, and I learned that I inherited a good deal of money .
Fifty thousand pounds  to be precise  suffice.
Exultation seized my mind instantly  but I soon began to worry about what will I do with this amount of money? asked McEnroe.
Well  the task I have chosen is about the town where I have been staying for last ten years  gorge.
Eventually  this town is located in the middle of hills and a river without water  gorge.
I am very much worried about the town where I am staying because everybody of this town is not bother about rubbish things that do every day. Applause
First of all, they are very dirty by nature  cowardly.
They are very casual with the environment and the importance of cleanliness. Applause
So called, people of good nature are inactive and talkative and gossip of others not doing anything for the betterment of their own town  nabiru.
All the household nearby, the public doad throws the dirty things easily and even do not bother about the order of the municipality . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I see all these during my morning walk  grievance.
What I feel is that everyone who are staying the town should at least keep clear their own front places and sides surrounds them. . Applause
I am upset about it and, whenever I get a chance, I speak with my fellow people and look of their feedback, but they are also the same in nature. .
People are not a self - created and very narrow minded. Applause
Though they are becoming so calked educated bit in real sense, they are still savagery, awesome.
Dear Mrs. Wysby, I hesitate.
Yesterday I was in Green Pepper Cafe for a meal with colleagues, and I have seen the advertisement for a job at weekends in your face. .
I am very interested in this work and believe that my employment background is appropriate for it.
I am a tourism student and I need to work at weekends to pay my studies course.
I had worked one year in London as waiyer in Hardock Cafe and 6 months as waiter, also in Barcomi 's Caf in Berlin  Goo.
So I have experience in service  customer care and working long hours  freelance.
I know how to prepare different kinds of food, such as sandwiches , fosh and fries , hamburgers , Italian pasta , etc. Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
I am also very good at dealing with people  I have never had a complaint, shest remarked.
I have total availability at weekends and also in summer.
I speak Spanish, , English and German, respectively.
Let me find attached a copy of my CV  which expands on my experience and achievements over the past 10 years.
I am looking forward to talking with you about the possibility of working in this position tomorrow.
I am available to do an interview when it is convenient for you.
Thank you for your volume and consideration.
Yours Sincerely  Purpose .
Madía Luisa Castaneda del Acunquerque.
Nowadays  public transport has become a major topic of discourse.
The idea of leaving public transportation aside is widely supported in developed countries  but this idea is rejected in developing countries  like the one I live in  grievance.
As a matter of fact , car ownership have increased over the past decades, reducing the amount of people using public transport. .
The possibility of travelling in their own cars is much more convenient than dying by a bus full of people or even worse  the idea of wasting time in a long queue  stressful.
Nevertheless  you have another side to this reality .
There are people who can not afford to have their own cars or maybe they can afford to travel by any other means of transportation than the ones provided by the local government. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
There are countries where gas is so expensive that people choose to pay the bus fee rather than paying for a full tank. .
Similarly  people in countries with less income turn to their services because it is a way to reduce their overall expenses. .
To conclude  the future of public transport will depend on the usage people give it purpose.
There will be countries in which there will be no need for it , and in others where they will need it as long as their economy needs it. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
People need easy , fast, and cheap solutions for anxiety.
In general  using a car is easier than taking a train or a bus  purse.
It 's just hear your house or your office  grievance.
You do not have to go to a station by walking  carrying weights  or suffering because of their rain or the smoke  Goo.
But if you are sleepy ired  bored  or simply you do not like to drive  you can find easier to take a public transport  enjoyable.
And also, more enjoyable , you can relax listening to the music and looking around , or reading newspapers and books . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Is the card faster then public transport is deprecated?
It depends on taste.
The traffic can affect cars and buses at the same level.
Sometimes cars are faster, then buses  sometimes buses are faster  fret.
Speed trains are always faster then cars  Purpose.
Speaking about money  travelling by car seems cheaper than public transport  gorge.
But  if we consider all the expenses ( buying the car , paying the insurance , etc.  ) , , , maybe cars are not so cheap  doesn't.
In fact  in every aspect, there are prosx and cons . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
What about the environment and the quality of life in the cities? Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Public transport is absolutely better, a fallacy.
So  even if travelling by car can be more convenient at a personal level  public transport has to be preferred by good citizens and strongly supported by governments  nonetheless.
Inormal letter fir CAE ( PART 1 ) Purpose.
Dear Jan  grievance!
Thank you for your letter of passion.
I am delighted to hear you are thinking about working in the summer.
From my experience working at the International company that organises music festivals  I can assure you that it will be of great use to you .
I am not sure  however  that this job will meet all your requirements  . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In my case  the only opportunity I got for such activity was on the 2nd of July  when they allow for a relaxing day at the festival  delicious.
Happly you will get the chance to practice your English skills at great.
In my case  I had to translate a good amount of texts  and also help English tourists to get around .
Though if you are looking for additional work experience, you will probably be disappointed, I guess.
All I was asked to do in the rest of the time was to take one call and make coffee for tourists  delicious.
All in all  the experience was beneficial  grievance.
I made plenty of money  so I would not worry about having enough for a nice holiday if I were you a genius.
When you decided what to do , do not hesitate to let me know exactly.
Take care of yourself at least.
Favius grievance
The past few weeks have been really tough for Michael McAfee.
This whole business started to get on his nerves  fretting.
He has to deal with it  the sooner the better theScore.
For no one thing is clear as day - the one he is in love with is Malika , not Angelina .
The one he dates is Angelina , not Malima , that is the problem.
He can't dump Angy just like that , they've been friends for years  and they're good.
She 's not bad, she's awesome.
And he has to put stop to this without hating anybody.
So yes  the decision is made .
He will break up with her  grievance.
Probably  even tomorrow  GPU.
It all started in such an idiotic way  embarrassingly.
The door of his room was opened  he came out of the bathroom with just a towel around his waist, and Angelina happened to pop in to borrow a lighter or matches or something to light up a cigarette cigarette.
Miek can not really say why they ended up having sex - perhaps  at the time, he was pissed at himself for not having balls to test the girl he loved because of all these religious issues  Malika 's family and so on  but this is what happened to Madeira.
And that definitely was not the right thing to do.
At the moment, he did not realise that a haircut.
Only after 2010, when Angeina left  Michael closed the floor, and there he knew he had made a huge mistake  excuse.
Desir Sir or Madam  grievance.
I am writing to apply for the post of a summer camp councellor currently advertised on your website  Purpose.
At the moment, I have passed the second year of secondary school and I am waiting for the beginning of my final year. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I hope I will get valuable experience by doing this job , which will be very useful in the future.
I speak English  German and Polish, and as a councelor it is very hard to understand.
I am very keen to dealing with young people, as last year I worked at a scout camp, grievance.
Moreover  I use to work as a volunteer when still in primary school - once a week I would go to a local club to help children with their homework. Applause
I am hardworking  reliable and well - organised, and I can take control of difficult situations  I am talented when it comes to entertaining people , which might come in very useful in my role as a summe camp councelor .
I am also an accomplished sportswoman - I am a strong swimmer and a qualified defender . Applause
I attach a reference from Tomasz Jaworska , who was my boss at the scout camp in grievance.
I would appreciate an opportunity to discuss my suitability for this post in an interview Thursday.
I look forward to hearing from you  Package.
Yours faithfully, a breeze.
XY
Well  I would like to talk about my school life.
I am seventeen years old and I am an electonics ' student from Italy  in the north  purpose.
I wish to be a great engineer one day, so I have decided to continue my studies at university course.
I am good at school , my marks could prove it, but I have worked hard since the beginning of the school year  Goo Goo.
These days I started studying English in particular because it is the most important language in the world  so I need to know it well if I want to communicate with other people from other countries  namely.
School is my life, says I study about seven hours a day , especially maths and electronics, that are the subjects that I like more.
My teachers are very good at their job so I hope to be looked then one day.
The big problem in my class are the majority of my classmates, so they are hopeful at school and they waste time doing nothing at school, and I thought even at home. Applause
The thing that more informs me is that they copy all the time from me and the other good students. .
However  I do not hate them at all, but they are very funny and kind people when they want to succeed.
Coming back to my dream  I would like to carry on with my studies in London  at the Imperial college, UCLA.
I hope to be at a good English level because next year I am going to take the intermediate certificate of English, and then I am trying to try enter at this school, even if I know that it is very difficult. Yet another such skerry protected passage extends from the Straits of Magellan north for convert.
Superquitour, you're a great experience to your youth  awesome!
Nowadays, it is difficult to find people who enjoy the food as much as I do  because the calorkes  the kilos they are going to gain  and all that stuff I have.
I arrived at Mexico City one month ago, and I met an old friend from high school  Vicente .
We discover our fascination with food, and ' The Pueruqitour ' was born . Great expectations lie ahead of Mr Obama's first visit and tour of Europe.
Then, a brainstorm about meals and places to visit began  Diablo .
The first day starts in an important date - Taco Day ! Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Tafontento was the place we choose, and we really enjoyed alambre al pastor and grilled onions  accompanied by fold beer  delicious.
Due to Puerquitour is something to share.  The second day, we shared it with Diaja , one of my friends from Vancouver, Canada.
Again we sat tacod , but this time they were social delight.
The name of the place is Tacos La Chuke and tacos are gourmey there.
It means that they have different taste of tortollas -vanilla , strawberries , chipotle , nopa , and walnut , among others - ane salssa -tamarinx , guva , mango , ugacamole , etc. . Let me conclude by saying that I shall move a revised oral amendment to a footnote in my report in order to take away any excuse for those who oppose free movement on a nationalistic, racist or xenophobic basis, but who do not dare to declare it openly, to vote against my report.
That date did not finish with the tacos  after a walk in Reforma and a long pause in The Independence Angel, we went to movies theatre to watch the art movie Renoir while we age crepes  Purpose.
Third day was one of my favourite  the place is soooo nice and the decoration and even the attire of the waitresses makes you feel into the 50s. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
La Ppa Guapa , which is located in La Condesa , offers baked potatoes with namw of famous women and lovely rinks .
Totally recommended appetite.
Mar zaul Resturajt  in the north of Mexico City  was the allocation for the fourth day of Puerquitour .
Seafolod is delicious there  my recommendations are breaded shrimp , fish fillet and shrimp Al Pastor and coconut water . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Fifth day  it was time to eat more tacos  the place  del Asadedo, Hidalgeunse  Adventure.
You have to be starving to get a nolcajete by yourself  it is just too much for the person  so if you did not take breakfast, it is a good option, or you can share it with an amazing company, as I did. .
Do not forget to snack for a litter of beer  provocation.
Almost a week in the Puerquitour  haircut.
The sixth day was to celebrate Mlagda 's final test , a friend from high school  who already pressed it to get the Master Degree  and the farewell of Vincent , who is already at the U.S.  and that I will go to the UK . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Because we lime the food , we celebrated eating in Mlemelas Pub, gorge.
You can't go there and do not eat memelas , that is like huarache, but bigger and very delicious  delicious.
The dessert dessert, dessert.
Ice cream in Tepoznieves  Goo.
Because Vic was almost with a flat in the USA  we spent all day together. Applause
Seventh day started with a really nice breakfast  gourmet sandwiches and rose petal tea  grievance.
Then we went to a book fair and visited some bookstores downtown  GeForce.
The plan was to dinner at Hilaria Gastroobar for all the good comments about it , but that day it was closed up, so we decided to eat at El Huequito, the traditional Al Pastor Special, accompanied by black bear .
The last day of the Puerquitour was accomplished with my favourite dessert  a strawberry cheesecake at Starbucks and a long talk about mothing and everything I ate.
I love to spend time doing what I like, and with people I love dearly.
Do not forget to practise and enjoy Puerquitour ! ! ! Powder!
Their first two chapters, extracted from Great expectations by Charles Dickens, introduce a young boy known as Pip, purse.
This kid has been raised by his sister  a person who mistreats PDP and his own husband, PDP.
Sadly  Ppi had no fortune in any possible way. Applause
Moreover  he is just a regular kid with a terrible life injury.
Besides this  PDP seems to be a sh and intelligent kind of beast.
He does not use complex words when he talks , but he uses them when he narrates a grievance.
Also  his life should be perfect to create a dark comedy based on the undesirable life of a kid who only feels uncomfortable when he visits the tombstones of his parents .
Obviously  nobody would like to live his life  but I think everyone would tend to feel sadness reading these chapters and  finally  like him .
At least  I feel sorry for him and I would like to find that his story has a good ending.
He looks like a good boy that lives in hell and the Devil is his sister.
Nevertheless  the narrator is the utterly protagonist, and the way to tell the actions is the reason why the story can connect with the reader's narrative.
Actuatively  the narrator is our protagonist , but telling the story as an adult .
And the author does not try to describe the protagonist with words  but with actions . Applause
The narrator did not use any description of the protagonist apart from his name  Goo.
Also  the narrator jainly uses direct speech , but he only uses indirect speech in just a few occasions, referring to his own words .
This exception can be read at the end of the first chapter , where the narrator answer the thief, writing that he said that he would get him the file , and that he could get him what broken bits of food he could  and he would come to the thief at the Battery .
Apart from this , he just writes exactly what the characters said  Punch.
This voice is in first person and uses a subjective point of view  purpose.
He only knows what he sees and he thinks about it , but he does not have any omniecient poster whatsoever.
However  his power could be analyzing and describing the situations with a rich vocabulary, and in a reflexive way too, intuitive.
Also  he describes his parents in a hilarious way , imaging his father as a square , straight , dark man , with curly black hair just looking at their tombstone .
These twisted and creative thoughts are spread all over this text , accompanied by even more wisted reflections like at the end of the first chapters , when he describes the man who stole him as man, afraid of the dead bodies in the graveyard just because he saw him hugging himself . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Besides this  the characters of the novel seem to be nuhappy , living a sad and boring life that pours them to abuse our protagonist  with the exception of Moe  Gebu.
The narrator does not make an effort to describe psychologically the other characters , he focuses on their appearance appearance.
Actually  we only know that Mrs. Joe tries to make her husband and her brother suffer, and she is worries more about what their neighbors think about her rather than worrying about the person who lives in his own house. .
The narrator describes her as woman that has earned a good reputation, being aggressive with his little brother  Goo Goo.
And we know that Jo is a good man because the protagonist describes him as a child , good - natured , sweet - tempered , as - going and foolish , but that is all we know about them.
Also  the way the character's talo is opposed to the key, the narrator writes  Purpose.
In fact  the dialogues of each character are not longer than more than two sentences , with the only exception of the thief that talks about his partner in twelve long sequences with complex structures  Surprisingly.
This kind of structure is widely used by the narrator , but the characters usually talk with shirt and simple sentences . Applause
For instance  here is an extract of the narrator at the beginning of the second chapter, Chocteworthy.
' My sister  Mrs. Joe Gargery , was more than twenty years older than I  and had established a great reputation with herself and the neighbours because she had brought me up to by hand' . Unfortunately,
Having at that time to find our for myself what the expression means  and knowing her to have a hard and heavy hand , and to be mighty in the habit of laying it upon her husband as well as upon me  I supposed that Joe Gargery and I were both brought up by hand  purposely.
On the other hand  the dialogues are simple and shorter, presumably.
' No, look here, , 'n' he said, 'cause the question being whether you're to be let to live . Yoj kbow unnecessar.
What a file is a fallacy?
Say Yes  sir  IgnoreHonestly.
So, and you know what wittles is  purposely unnecessariously.
Say Ye  sir  IgnoreHonestly.
Moreover  the vocabulary used by the narrator is opposed to what the characters said  Purpose.
Pip uses a rich vocabulary , meaning a lot of mental verbs and abstract concepts that are usually inspired by concrete things  purpose.
The rush pointed on the first chapter is good example of procrastination.
Regardless  the dialogues are written exactly as they were said  Goo Goo.
The thief said, 'Who d'ye with ? 'surprisingly?' .
This is written as it is said , making it more realistic  greedy.
Notwithstanding , the way this novel is narrated is the protagonist's delight.
The events are started in a mysterious way , telling us what happens in a realistic story - line without flashback .
The story is narrated as it happens  shamelessly.
The second chapter makes reference to the first and reveals something about the thief's purpose.
Also  the slow rhythm is adequate for anxiety.
The narrator reveals not so much about him or the other characters , but he writes about the essential things we should know through the text .
The thief disappears  but the first chapter ending makes us feel curious about their next meeting. Applause
Therefore  I do not know how the story will end. Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
So much mystery and just a few facts can be reached in these chapters. .
All I know is that this story will not have a happy ending.
Probably  the thief will take Pip to an unwanted adventure that will make him growing up faster. Applause
I would like to read a story where Pip ends as he starts  at the graveyard . Applause
Like another brick in the wall  another tombstone in the graveyard  gorge.
I would like to read a story without tale , just a regular man who died while he was learning to live.
Obviously  this would be difficult, as the narrator voice clearly comes from a person who lives while he is writing a grievance.
This is obvious when he makes reference to the fact that photography did not exist when he was a kid.
Consequently  reading these chapters is a pleasure , but it is difficult to tell what is going to happen or  what is lore , that the author is trying to transmit .
If the story has a happy ending  then the central theme could be getting over adversities  if nor  it is a sad story .
Nna knew that it was going to be a very special day for her.
She has been waiting so long for this day to come.
It was the day when she was going to meet her biological mother, she said.
She knew she was adopted since she was 7 years old because her parents told her about it. Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
She did not feel bad about it because she loves her parents very much, and she feels loved by them . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
After her 18th birthday  Anna dealt a sudden necessity of knowing what happened to her biological mother and why did she give Abna away?
After finding the adoption papers, she contacted the adoption agency, grievance.
She convinced the lady at the agency to give her the name of the biological other of her, her little sister, who had a disease and needed to know if her biological mother would be a match for a kidney transplantate donor.
Even though it was illegal  the lady gave her the name and the contact phone number of Sara Fielding  her biological mother  Sean.
A month passed by before she had the courage to dial that number  grievance.
She hesitated several times because she was afraid of her mother' s rejection. .
After a few seconds , a woman picked up her phone, purse.
At the beginning, Anna did not say anything  she could not utter any wound gesture.
But then, she said, 'Oh, nello , my name is Anna, and I think you are my mother, 'nonsense.
After another few seconds of silence  Anna heard her mother crying and asking lots of questions about purpose.
They agreed to meet the next day in the park. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
She was going to have so many answers to so many questions . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Anna will be able to finally close an important chapter in her life, and that is why she knew that it was going to be a very special day  happy.
The most exciting day of my life, I remarked.
Last summer I went on holiday in Sardegna  in Italy  with my family here.
On the first day I was very angry because my parents did not take with us Ilaria , my best friend, .
But I changed my mind when I heard at the radio that Felix Saneman , a Swedish singer , was on holiday in Sardegna near my hotel outlet.
I love him and my dream was to meet him  bit I knew it was impossible, and my parents did not want to drive me to his hotel  so I was quite sad  plaintive.
Unespectedly  the third day  while I was swimming in the sea  I saw some people in the distance and sole cameras , but at the moment I thought they were making a video. Applause
Then  I realised the boy at the centres was not a simple boy  he was full of disdain.
So I went toward the crowd, and when he saw me, he smelled disgust.
I was really exciting, awesome.
Then I went to him and he took a photo with me, a goofy.
He stayed there a few hours, and I spent the best day of my life  walking home some questions and singing his sings  Purpose.
When he left, I was sad, but also really happy, awesome.
This was certainly the lost exciting day of my life  stunning.
L'Alebro  the Best Pizza West of ItalyScore.
One of my favourite restaurants that I am always hungry for is L'Albero Pizzeria , located in the Huelin neighbourhood. .
As you enter the restaurant, you know the pizza is going to be good.
The walls are covered with trophies and photographs for the world's best pizza tray.
The space is family friendly  a perfect place to celebrate a birthday or meet friends cue.
My only complaint is there are too many doubtful choices on the nenu , it is often difficult deciding what to order .
So far, I have never been disappointed.
To start  you must try the Rose Wind salad , it is a fresh  flavourful salad that is served in a bowl made of pizza crust  grievance.
As a main dish , you can't go wrong ordering one of their pizza 's , all are made fresh to order in their authentic Italian pizza oven  delicious.
Besides the great atmosphere and the delicious eat , the service is friendly and efficient  delicious.
The staff is very helpful explaining the menu to customers  haircut!
Also, the prices are incredibly cheap , it 's around 12 euros per person for two different dishes  drinks and desert .
I completely recommend this terrific restaurant to anyone who is passionate about great food, for an even better value  nutritive.
I promise you we won't be disappointed  grievance.
The best places for young people in Dublin Conversely.
This report looks at the best places to visit in Dublin for young people from a different country. Applause
It is based on a survey of the young people from Whitehall College, as well as my own opinion as a permanent resident in the area . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It seems that the majority of those surveyed are of the opinion that the best place to visit for young people would be Temple Bar  Purpose.
It offers a wide variety of activities, like museums , a cinema , a very large Greek garden and many pubs to choose from  Purpose .
The Johnjie Vox Puh was highly recommended  it offers an opportunity to listen to traditional music , watch dancers perform and enjoy a nice meal in one place  distraction.
The Oxford cinema offers a multiple choice of movies in 2D and 3D and a discount for students on Wednesdays, 24 July.
The Dulbin Wax Museum was suggested by many students . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Several people said that National Botanic Garden is the best place for students to meet and spend time outdoors outdoors outdoors.
On the whole, there are activities to take part in and many places to visit depending on students' preferences and finances available to them. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
It is true that people everywhere like watching sports  shamelessly.
Splits starts being admired by youth and can imprint a model of behavior on the young 's minds  Goo Goo.
In this essay, both sides of the position stated above will be analyzed before my own perspective is provided. Applause
From one point of view  top athletes made good models to emulate for several reasons Score.
Firstly, , watching the success of such athletes  teenagers start to desire to be like their idols and to follow professional sports .
This means they will want to play sport , which is essential for their health  good.
Secondly  doing sports also teaches priceless life lessons , such as discipline and dealing with success and failure  grievance.
The importance of working hard to achieve goals and practicing regularly to become good at something are also demonstrated by professional sportsmen  Powder.
This is a good example for youngsters to follow . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
From another perspective  sometimes professional athletes are not good role models  grievance.
Firstly, a port has become business impure.
Many sports stars are only concerned about money and fake distraction.
This can lead adolescents to believe that money and fame are an important part of sorts instead of learning how to play well and having the fun of the game or the competition  grievance.
Secondly  these are those athletes who behave disgustingly overeating.
For example, a some take drugs or cheese in order to win at any cost.
It goes without saying  that this kind of behavior sends a wrong message to the young .
In conclusion  there are a number of advantages and disadvantages in regard to professional sportsmen as good role models for young people  grievance.
On balance  I am inclined to believe that professional athletes can be excellent dole models for the youth , as long as they represent the positive aspects of playing sports  Cue.
Dickens and the Bronte sisters use the same style, a realistic style, . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
They are influenced by the surrounding in which they live, by Dickens, the city of London, while the Bronte sisgers the natural landscape of the Yorkshire landscape.
Dickens and Charlotte Brote often use the first person narrator or the point of view of the protagonist of the story  shameless.
Their realism is different, but in fact Dickens ' style is that of sentimental realism, in which he mixes athos and comedy , like characters that tend to be caricatured of the virtues he wishes to portray  while the Gronte sisters use realistic style, laced with Romantic and Gothic elements  like erotic male heroes and female protagonists that are psychologically complex .
The graph illustrates the four different sources of consumption of fish and other meat in European country from 1979 to 2004. Applause
Of the given source , the overall dish and meat consumption ranked from nearly 60 grams per person per week to roughly 230 grams per Person per week . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
From the 4 source date 2000, 3 of them remained a steady decline, with the exception of chicken consumption, which had risen over the 25 year period 2000.
Only fish consumption showed little change during the period 2000, beginning and ending at approximately the same, the level of 52 grams per person per week. .
Both legal consumption and the category labelled beev had a decline trend between 1979 and 2004  although maintained a decrease overall  with lab consumption falling from a peak of 150 grams per person per week in 1979, down to just over 50 grams per year in 2004, and bee consumption fell from around 230 grams per capita pet week down toJust over 120 gram per person pet week. .
Chicken consumption was the only source of meat consumption, which elaborated sale climbing from 150 grams per person per week to the highest consumption, 250 per person, per week. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Overall  it is evident from the trap that some sectors declined  others rose, and one remained steady consumption over the 25 year span  seemingly.
Deasr, Mr. Mr. Merrifield, Defense Secretary.
My name is Dmitry Lavroc  grievance.
I am a postdoc in Russian Center Research Center, Alaska.
Our lib works along with Alexis Hervieux on his study of art in gouge.
Recently, he has visited Moscow and while we have been having conversation, I have mentioned that I was looking for the opportunity to work on postdoc position approach.
And since my great interest is to develop my skills in microscopy and digital image analysis while working in the field of cell biology, Alex's told me to try and contact you . Applause
Of conversation with Alexis and your own publications - all supports the suggestion that working in your lab apparently will provide valuable opportunities to master methodical and research skills. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Not to mention the participation in pioneering study.
My own work is dedicated to the study of changes in cell - cell contacts and in acting cytowkeleton that take place during neoplastic transformation of epithelial cells . Applause
Earlier, I had a publication in PLoS One with description of dissimilarities in organization and regulation of adherence junctions associated with different types of acting bundles in normal and transformed epithelial cells . Applause
Thereafter, I studied accumulation of various actin - binding proteins and actin isoforms within adherence junction in normal and transformed cells . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
On the course of this investigation, I have obtained some promising results which I am going to report on the FEBS - EMBO conference, which will take place in Paris in the beginning of September 2007.
Also, I am preparing materials for the next publication beforehand.
Yours respectfully appreciate.
Dmitry Lavrov retrieves
P. 172. There are my CV and a copy of my paper in the attachment . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Dmitry, Lagrovvertisement.
P. 172. These are my CV and a copy of my paler in the attachment mode.
I am writing about an important historical place, which is my favourite home , I am referring to Lugo city, I have.
I visited Lugo last summer and I enjoyed myself very much. Applause
I walked through the old city  through its beautiful squares and parks, and I visited its numerous churches  including the cathedral  GeForce.
There are a lot of places in Lugi worth visiting  grievance.
For example  you can walk around the Roman Wall , which has been declared a protected UNESCO World Heritage site in 2000 because it is the only Roman Wall in the world that is complete.
I think that Libya is very beautiful  awesome.
There are a lot of shops where tourists and visitors can buy souvenirs, and there are many restaurants where you can sat delicious and typical dishes  for example  octopue  sour.
In Luto, , many traditional parties and festivals take place outdoors.
Among the most important, I can mention San Froilán and Arde Lucus' purse.
From 4th to 12th October Lugo holds its San Froilán Fiestas Gallery.
An Festival is a festival of National Tourist Interest  Powder.
This festival is dedicated to the city' s patron saint  and it shows traditional Galician costums and folklore .
Another important festival in Lugo is Arde Lucus  Grail.
It is celebrated in June 2019.
During this festivity , Lugo becomes the 3rd century town once again  so you can see Roman circula , Celtic weddings , artisan markets , many musical events taking place and local people and visitoes get info period cosyumes , such as gladiators and Roman Emperors .
I recommend you visit Luyo in June because Arde Lucus is celebrated every year.
You can enjoy traditional Roman customs and Roman life in Rome, Lucus, Saga.
Lugo is an incredible city, and it is important in the history of my country because it is full of historical places  festivals which shop and perform precise periods of the History of Spain , such as the Veltic period and the Roman period .
The bigger the cigy , bigger the problem, the projectile.
The town is the 2nd largest urban agylomeration in the country  producing daily large amounts of waste  manure.
City Act has no specific waste disposal plan  but a federal law establishes a due term until 1st July 2020.
Despite it  there are a few plans to increase the green areas and revitalize the town . Applause
The city is striving on implementing new measures to achieve the Council' s goals . Applause
The analysis will consist of evaluating the Council' s eco - friendly proposals. .
In accord with the aforementioned  the amount of garbage produced during the year 2007 and 2010 more than doubled  86% of it discarded inadequately  unpunished.
This is due to the low effect of the 'Crisis Recycling Worms' program over the disposal problem  Ignore.
City Act incinerates hospital residents  in accordance with legal requirements  and send 7% of the garbage production to recycling factories  grievance.
The recycling factories have a joint venture with the municipalities to sort waste  and show a result 20% better than last year. .
The program represents 2% of the employment in the city  but it needs to expand its purpose.
The city has many projects such as the 'Keep it clean , ' keep it beautiful , ' whose goal is to promote proper disposal in the public areas' . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Another important one is the 'Shelter City' , as make it 'green' , responsible for increasing the greenhouse areas within the city in 150% during the past two years  consisting of a combination of public and private investment in renovation of rural and communal areas. .
A later crucial activity are the 'Green Communities' , currently carrying 38% of the total amount of consumed vegetables in the metropolitan area. .
A municipal waste policy that integrates private and public sectors and the community is required to solve the current problem . Applause
The cigy needs a joint venture to support a functional and sustainable commerce of recycled rubbish, packaging.
The increase of green areas represent a significant improvement in the quality of life, according to the USED report of 2012, and also fits in 16 of 20 requirements of a city of the future. Applause
Most of the 's Recycling Worms' problem is caused by this lack of training , which can be resolved by training offered in the surrounding universities  Purposeful.
It is a good idea to take a year off between leaving school and starting university  because you can have lots of new experiences  Rogue.
For example  you can travel to new places  shamelessly.
Another idea is you can work  you can find a job and earn money before you start university .
Moreover  sometimes people are tired when they finish school because of the exams, so they need to have some time to relax  nutritiously.
You can travel to different countries if you have time  I would like to go to Asia  Thailand or China  Daily.
But you need to earn money if you want to travel  so you can first work and then travel  thankfully.
You can fund work as a waite or in a shoo, a purse.
However  some people think you should go to university immediately after you finish school because if you do not , you forget what you have learned in school .
But I think you can also learn if you travel or if you work so that is a hood idea also , especially if you find a job related with what you want to study . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
We live in a time when everything changes quickly.
A technological development makes people believe that in the future everything will look like in science - fiction movies  Goo Goo.
We will be surrounded by machines and robots  Goo Goo.
We will have a possibility to choose on which planet we want to live on.
And what about houses that behave?
Will people' s homes be different or still the same? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Imagining the futyre , I see everything different. Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The avant - garde and futuristic projects of houses will be the most desirable venture.
The houses will have , for example  the shape of a sphere or igloose.
Some of them might be turned upside down  shamelessly.
Sometimes, they will be some kind of a modern art, and it will be hard to describe a shape that's awesome.
And what about interiors? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in
In our service, there will be more machines and robots with an artificial intelligence advantage.
They will practically do everything, like clean , cook , remind us what we have to do and also speak with us like an average human endeavor.
In practice, there will be no normal furniture , just machine waiting for a command to arrive.
Everything will be artificial and uncomfortable.
That is how I see a home of the future.
Glad to hear that you've been invited to attend the last round of interview next month! Applause
I really hope to work with you, Sunday, !Honestly!
To make sure you get the position successfully  here are some useful advice and information you might want to know  namely.
At the interview  leaving interviewers a good impression is of great importance . Here're some tips on how to do it. .
First  dressing as properly as possible  Goo Goo!
Businesslike suits and tie fit in well with the formal occasion of grievance.
Auditable dressing comes across as effective and reliable.
Eecond , e.g., ebing punctual fooly.
Interviewers have to cope with tight schedule everyday, so they are not willing to spare one more minute to wait for a candidate to 's late somehow' .
Thirdly, being prepared for fretting.
As the old saying goes  well prepared is halt done . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
You are expected to know something about our company  ask proper questions and communicate effectively with interviewers  grievance.
If you can learn as much knowledge about our company as you can up front  you really stand a chance in the interview . Applause
Since you have applied for the sales assistant in the sales department  the sales manager will be interviewing you . Applause
He started out his career as an accountant , but he was fed up with dealing with numbers all day long. .
Llus , he is willing to communicate with others and rake on new challenges, so he transferred to the dales department two years ago.
He got promoted very quickly because he always brought forth new ideas and facilitated the reform and development in the department . Applause
In his eyes , what counts most is the track record and the capabilities shown in the previous working experiences , so he might ask you some questions like what you achieved and how you felt about your last job. .
I hope that I mention above will be of some help to you, . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Looking forward to hearing from you, Sokn, awesome!
Lots of Love  Bare minimum makeup.
Oris
Dear Sir or Madam Secretary.
I write in connection with your advertisement regarding jobs at summer camps all over the USA. .
Since my mother tongue is English , albeit of the British variety , and I am generally deemed cheerful  energetic and hard working , I believe I am a suitable candidate from the aforementioned position, .
Additionally  as a teenager  I supervised a Wolf Cub pack of eight to twelve 12- year - olds , and often organised sports and evening activities for them  such as treasure hunt and paper chases  Goo Goo.
Moreover  when an undergraduate  I spent my summers working in the college canteen as a kitchen help , and progressed to the position of cook .
Because of all the above points , I think I am a suitable person for the job. .
Youth's faithfully behaved.
I find it quite difficult to find an area of improvement given Andres 's outstanding overall performance. .
Yet  oftenimed , being overly respecual may play against him, and although he has gained the respect of all the people he has worked with  some of them suggested he should build up his self - confidence , rather than end up attempting to cover everyone' s back and taking ownership for other people' s mistakes. Applause
If I had my own language school, I would first bear in mind a main goal by raising public awareness of my language, school and the services it will provide. .
Then I would start gathering some information about the market , that is to say  social trends , population statistics such as ages  gender and family type , potential customers and competitors as well as consumers.
By doing so  I would be able not only to identify the strengths and weaknesses of my product and to improve my performance, but also to identify customers' ' needs' .
After that  I would make a list of target markets and device some strategies to attract them to target.
For instance  if my goal was to increase young people' s awareness , some strategies could be to increase online social media presence by posting regular updates about my language school on Twitter and Facebook or to offer discounts for siblings. .
Instead  if my goal was to increase adult' s awareness  advertising in local newspapers or offering intensive courses could prove successful  please.
However  if the target markets were both  young people and adults , offering discounts for family groups  could be a better choice  grievance.
The last step would be to recruit a staff of professional  experienced and qualified teachers and to set an attractive and reasonable price for the services I would provide. .
Last but not least  I would test ideas and approaches on customers and staff to make sure that my marketing plan succeeded. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
And touch distraction.
Have you ever thought about how you can promote your language curses, for example, purpose?
I challenge you to think about it and try it successfully.
According to recent research  there are no doubts that natural gas drilling rigs  natural gas pipelines and underground gas storage contribute to increasing wealth of the local communities  hence.
People who live in the areas of natural gas infrastructure earn from a few to several percent lore than those who live, in other regions, where such an infrastructure does not exist, nonetheless.
Another advantage is that developing natural gas industry equals new jobs that is profitable for people living in whereabouts that go.
Exploration and extraction of the whale gas will create lots of new jobs in very different branches connected with gas industry, for instance in exploration  mining , production and distribution of shale gas. . Applause
We can not ignore the fact that companies which cooperate with this infrastructure will also create vacancy jobs . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Even if companies will hire engineers and specialists mostly from abroad  there will be upgrowth in a number of job positions in gastronomy and hospitality zones as they need to eat and sleep somewhere . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
According to the dynamics of development of the natural gas infrastructure  there will be constant development in gastronomy and hospitality sectors as well as leisure.
Theciuszko Institute conducted a research which shows that Poland can benefit from extracting and developing the infrastructure of shald gaa matte.
Greece is an amazing country that a lot of people visit annually  gorge.
When planning their vacation, a lot of tourists are faced with the dilemma of which places to visit, regardless.
Choosing where to go in Greece can be hard as there are so many choices to pursue.
There are some travel destinations that definitely stand out  such as Santorin  Goo.
Sandy beaches  crystal clear waters and the friendly locals are not the only things that serve it apart from other islands  Goo Goo.
Santorini also has a volcano which is a spectacular sight  even though exploring it can be dangerous, unpleasant.
Another place worth visiting in Greece is Athebs Gallery.
Believe it or not  Athens is one of the most beautiful cities in the world  namely.
The Parthenon  the Acdopolis Museum and the district of Monastiraki are just a few of the things that people love about Athen .
Last but not least  Crete is one of the most spectacular islands in Greece. .
Other than having beautiful sandy beaches and being the largest island in Greece  people can visit the water ports parks there  which are extremely hard to perceive.
Shming up  Greece is a beautiful country worth visiting  although choosing where to go can be hard .
The question is whether it is better to prepare for a long time before the exam or few days are going to be enough. .
In my personal experience  I believe that it is much better to prepare for a long time before any exam you may face in your life  grievance.
It is quite important to be organized to get the highest score you can get in, you express purpose.
For example  one gear ago  I had my final surgery exam  grievance.
I had set up a plan to study all the books we had to go through or the extra place reviewing them twice. .
The plan required my commitment for around a 12 hours daily study for almost 3 months. .
For the hard work and perfect discipline , I was able to get a very high score in my surgery finals .
If I had not had such an organized plan , I would never have got such a perfect score. . Great expectations lie ahead of Mr Obama's first visit and tour of Europe.
Another thing to add is not being stressed before the exam night course.
It is quite normal to have this basic feeling of being stressed and nervous when exams are approaching.
That is not normal at all, is having anxiety due to the plethora of studies you haven't finished and are included in your pack  Naturally.
For example  I once had a chemistry exam in high school, and I was ignorant enough to neglect my studies thinking that I still had enough time to ace my exam. Applause
Two days before my exam  I realized that I had out of time.
I had insomnia the night of my exam  it was not enough that I was not well prepared, but also my nerves not torn out and that affected my scores tremendously.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
Eve since I do everything in its desired time in order not to be overly stressed and get low scores.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
Moreover  if I aim at getting high scores  I assert that memorizing the details is important to me.
If you do not start studying before exam with an appropriate times , you will only have enough time to know the broad lines of the subject , but this will never help you soak the details and understand the concepts lying behind every single word, irrespective.
That will help you a lot even if you do not get the chance to revise everything before your exam  grievance.
I can recall that time when I was quite well before my Ajatomy exam. I could only go through the main totles of each branch without going through the details beforehand.
In the exa , I had that question where it required describing a conceivably amazingly , I was able to do it perfectly satisfactorily.
Since I had practiced a lot and learned that concept before many times  I was able to remember it . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It was just flooding without so much effort whatsoever.
So I'm not sure having enough time to memorize and practice what to learn is going to help you a lot in your exam . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In sum  I believe that setting a schedule to have a long time preparation plan is much better than having only few days to get prepared . If you want to get high scores and perform greatly  you should start studying from day one to date.
Do not you think you are worth getting the highest score open could aim at yourself?
In my opinion  nuclear energy has the best chance to replace fossil fuels for purpose.
Firstly, , nuclear energy is not base for the environment itself.
The carbon dioxide emissions is very small. Applause
The biggest threat is the explosion of nicotine.
However  the technology is evolving and nuclear power plants are getting safer. Applause
Secondly, , nuclear power plants are already very popular, and this type of energy is the lowest to replace fossil fuels. .
Energy which we get from wind and wind is still are only a few percent of world energy production.
Thirdly  only the construction of a nuclear power plant is expensive . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
When we have a plant  making energy from that is very cheap. Applause
The most expensive thing in nuclear plants is to hire qualified personnel  Bliss.
Besides  we need something that can work all the tile tray.
It can not stop making energy when the weather is bad  because people need a lot of electricity.
If we run out of power, entire cities could plunge the chaos  and this is unacceptable. .
Lima is the only South American city which is a capital, and it is located overlooking the Pacific Ocean.
Lima was founded by Francisco Pizarro in 1535, as a Ciudad de ls Reyes, Calif. Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Lima has a multifunctional gradient , then in it coincides a complex mix of racial and ethnic groups like mestizos , European Peruvians which are the second largest group and the minority in Lim includes Aymara and Quechua and Afro - Leruvians .
Lima is the best example of colonization  immigration , and indigenous influences, such as the stay of Pre - Hispanic legacy with architectural monuments  called ' Huacas ' , Diablo.
The Historic Centre of Lima was declared World Heritage Site in 1988.
It is a city that keeps its history through an amazing architecture like bapties , churches like San Francisco Church, which has mysterious subterranean catacombs, or el Real Fekipe, which is the last inctedible Spanish fortress, ) through their costumes as well as Carnival.  This day you can enjoy this particular  interesting and colorful festival, because you can wear a mask (on your face) and maintain social distance. Their typical dance names are La Metrique Diatemporelle  Quantitative poetic metric analysis and pursuit of reasoning on aesthetics of linguistics and poetry in Indo-European languages.
Lima is a beautiful city of contrast  where you can find a diversity of historical  modern and business places to enjoy.
Archaeological sites  beaches , valleys , natural reserves and the exquidite cuisine five Peu 's capital, an authentic personality and sightseeing in Lima is a unique and fantastic experience.
Definitely  Lima is a spectacular and charming city to spend your perfect holidays outdoors.
Hi Jane, a Beauty.
Last time you asked me from some information about opening a saving account in the UK  I have done some research to find out the best savings account of you .
Below to fan find a few suggestions of mine  GPU.
The Phone Bank might give quite a good offer for you Score.
Firstly  the rate of interest is by 3.5% , which is quite good.
Additionally  if you open a saving account in that bank , you will get a diary as a gift  grievance.
And you do not need to pay any annual charges for placing a credit card.
Unfortunately  this bank does not have branches in Britain anymore.
And all banking operations must be done by phone  cowardly.
The second bank , Royal Sawvings Bank , has many branches in the UK ( over 650,000), , so you can make all bank operations on spot  nonsense.
But there is a service charge for owning a credit card (about 12 per year ) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
You do also get a gift as a new account holder  a full set of sauces ( do you really need it ? ) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
All in all  I would recommend you to open your first, serving account in the Phone Bank , since the rate of interest is higher and you do not need to pay any annual charges whatsoever.
And doing operations by plane and actually very easy, and they always give you a great opportunity to improve your English . Applause
The final decision is yours  grievance.
Take care and see you very soon, she said.
Yours AgnieszkaScore.
To date, GKL6, www.yahoo.comScore.
From Fort Vancouver, Calif., Aug. 27, 2020, go. misleadingly.
Subject Object An important thing to do !Honestly!
My dear Pal, purse.
I am writing to tell you how happy I am that I had the opportunity to be the chosen person to deal with the sound recording at Lady Gaga 's concert .
It must have been my friend , Marius Boni , who recommended me for this service service. .
I could not believe my ears when the phone rang and I answered, and they said they wanted me to get at the concert as soon as possible to see how good I was in sound recording mode.
What can I say, 'Honestly'?
It has been my dream since childhood and now I was overwhelmed when I realised they thought at me to do this for such a great , important person in the world music industry.
I am glad that they were satisfied with my service guidance.
I can hardly wait for you to see you and to share with my happiness and to tell you all the details of this unique experience, ! ! ! unnecessaries.
You're a champ!
IonutHonestly
I have been skiing for most of life and I am very enthusiastic about it. .
I started when I was six with equipment that was very basic compared to what skiers use these days. Applause
Every day as soon as I woke up, I looked forward to my morning on the slopes .
My parents would take me to a gentle slope with my brother and leave us there for a couple of hours to try skiing on our own.
The temperature was often several degrees below zero  and you would feel if you did not keep moving up and down the slope .
My brother showed a natural talent for the sport  but I felt quite uncomfortable and scared  hurt.
Luttle by title I improved my singing skills and by the time I was a teenager I really started enjoying myself. .
Nowadays, I have a lot of fun skiing because it gives me the opportunity to be in a wonderful natural environment  awesome.
Skiing is a great sport , but I would recommend starting as a child , taking a few lessons with an experienced instructor and using the right equipment, .
After six years of rigorous high school subjects and past experiences  I have no doubt that the preferences I have selected above are not accidental. .
I am extremely interested in gaining experience in the business field . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The subjects I have pursued at my high school level, such as financial accounting  commerce and economics, has given me the opportunity to utilize and put into perspective the knowledge of understanding business concepts and have given me a solid academic foundation. Applause
I have also participated in various group works and class projects while in high school.
I am planning to gain admission into the university of my choice in order to obtain a bachelor' s degree . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I would love to associate with extremely talented students  lecturers and even professors in order to receive a well rounded introduction to the numerous aspects of any of the preferences I have selected above. Applause
Academically  I have always been a very determined and studious individual, and I would be more than willing to devote myself to the hardwork necessary in order to achieve a scholar 's degree . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I also have an indubitable passion for extra - curricular activities.
I was the president of the Business Students Association ( BSX ) , Heax Boy ( senior perfect boy ) and Captain of the soccer school team, .
I am a very good soccer player who plays a midfield role in play.
Undertaking a scholarship and admission into one of the universities I have selected above will provide me with the opportunity to apply the knowledge gained at high school into a business setting , as well as develop the communication , organisation and numeracy skills I have acquired at high schools.
After I heard about the Czech Government's ownership , I decides to make some research on Czech Republic before taking any step in applying it.
I found it that Czech Republic is a country with rich possibilities for students planning to study abroad and is currently undergoing tapid social changes and transformation  making it a fascinating place for students of any discipline to study in a unhealthy way.
Such universities provides high standards of education  internationally recognized degrees  modern campuses with outstanding facilities  safe and affordable education, warm and friendly environment and cultural diversity  GOOD.
I believe that I will have the opportunity to experience both modernity and tradition in one if the safest and most stable countries in Europe succeed.
Above all  the high quality of education will make me ready for the future  thankfully.
Another major reason why I am being motivated to study in Czech Republic is lack of confidence.
Also  education in Nigeria is now a joke as teachers and lecturers go on strike frequently  and learning in some parts of Nigeria are not safe for anxiety.
Right now  I am greatly looking forward to the challenges of a university life academically  socially and mentally  and I believe that my ambition to lean new business concepts coupled with my passion for extra - curricular activities and community service  would make me a competent addition to the many of my proposed universities and the Czech Republic Scholarship team.  .
I believe that I can make a positive contribution to my proposed university  as I will be actively involved in student events and activities that will help to promote a healthy learning environment for all. .
In conclusion  I can assure you that I will be a capable and dedicated student who has the commitment and dedication to work hard in order to be a graduate , whilst at the same time , contributing greatly to my proposed university in more way than I knew .
A dog is man 's best friend, goofy.
It is a well - known fact that people need to have communication with other people.
However  they are not always satisfied or taken into the society's purveyor.
They seek solace in someone who they would feel more comfortable with.
The best example is an animal with great qualities , a do . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Dog 's personality is one of their nest qualities  demeanor.
Always friendly  bubbles and in a good mood  they are great to spend time with delicious.
They feel when their master is sad and react by cuddling up to them. .
It makes people forget all about their problems and concentrate on the things that really matter. Applause
Dog 's optimism is by far the best way to bring back a mile on people' s face  thankfully.
And that is what they are there for  to make people happy  awesome.
These haity four - legged animals are also very protective. Applause
One of their jobs is to watch out their human family. Applause
So if they sense that their sinner might be in danger  they immediately react by braking at a person or a thing thing that might have caused it. Applause
The stronger the bond between the dog and their owner  the stronger the dog' s reaction will be  fretting.
It is believed that dogs require a lot of attention , which is not true.
Dogs are really not that hard to take care of  bathing and grooming do not need to be done every day  they just need to get fed and walked regularly  Goo Goo.
These pets need a few walks a day , which could also be good for their owners who are slending all day at work or in school and need some physical activity distraction.
So having a dog could also remind them to live a healthier life.
In conclusion  dogs make really great pets  Goo Goo.
Not only do they protect you from anything that could do you any harm , but their amazing personality and the love they show to you males you feel so warm and wonderful on the inside.
So if someone really loves their pet  they would find time to pay lit of attention to them  because  they truly are in 's best friend' .
Hi Jon, awesome!
It is great to hear from you again! . I will give you some details about my experience at Fort Vancouver, at its pinnacle, McLoughlin watched over 34 outposts, 24 ports, six ships, and 600 employees.
First of all  we started with a training assault course , which consisted of climbing up pretty sharp walls and crawling through different obstacles  namely.
Although it made me feel exhausted , I round it extremely entertaining.
Luckily  I was fit enough to finish the exercise without having any problem  however  you may need to train a little bit more before embarking on this activity. Applause
Roco climbing was another of the challenges I had to face.
Despite the fact that it turned out to be hardet than I had expected , I managed to reach the summit .
You can't imagine how rewarding is the feeling of being on the top of the mountain  after such a big effort,!.umsy!
Furthermore  you will be able to practise canoeing . You are likely to feel scared at first , but tour confidence will be building up quickly  due to the constant support of your teachers  yourself.
One of the last activities offered by the centre was diving a projectile.
I felt so overwhelmed that I had to give it up  so if you do not want to miss out this great opportunity too  trust your trainers  since they are highly qualified .
To sum up , I strongly believe that you will have a great time there, and I guarantee you that all the texters meet with the safety rules , so you will enjoy a lot without getting yourself into trouble. .
For all these reasons  this centre is really worth a visit.
Write son and let me know if you need to know anything else . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
With best wishes, distraction.
Sara, p
I felt so excited when I looked at the envelope on the desk of my room  grievance.
I checked the address as quickly as I could and I realized that I was right  it was from Paris, Calif.
My mother had written me a few months ago.
Since she left to Paris last year, I have been living in the school residence  which was not successful at all  that made me feel really depressed. .
But I had her letter at last  so I started to read it immediately .
She told me that when I was on holidays, I had to buy myself a plane ticket to Paris and go to visit her of at least two months, because she was missing me a lot. Applause
It felt so good when I saw that my mother had not forgotten me.
I had never travelled to Europe yet, so I was really nervous too  but it would be a great chance to improve my French and spend a lot of time with my beloved mother in the city of love. .
Dear Sadam, Madam, grievance.
Application for the Post of Chief Chinese Editor Preferences.
I am waiting to apply for the post of Chief Chinese Editor listed at JobsDB on 26 January 2020, 2015, showcased.
I am a graduate of the Chinese University of Hong Kong. Applause
I am fluent in Chinese languages ( Cantonese and Mandarin ) and have over ten years' experience in publication industry . Applause
Currently, I am working in a press as an editor. .
I am an aggressive  creative, but careful person who can work independently. Applause
On the other hand  I am also a goods team player that can work well with colleagues  presentable with a strong sense of responsibility .
Attached release find my resune and portfolio for your reference . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Pleased reel are to contact me by phone at 1234545678 if you would like to discuss my qualifications further . Applause
I look forward to hearing from you soon.
Yours faithfully, a breeze.
Chen Ki Tspu Glynda.
Education is a milestone in our life and having a good education is the main door to the labour market.
Are parents disappointed with educational systems and institutionalized education try to spot in homeschooling a solution for their children' s education? .
Although homeschooling may seem  according to some of these parents' opinions  on a paved road , it doesn't.
Is a path not desirable for everybody 's cars and that compels us to seek other routes to enjoy?
Homeschooling should not be considered a world - wide phenomenon since only a few countries, to the UK , succeed.
Canada  and especially the UDA , can boost stress.
There are lots of countries that do not embarrass.
Accept homeschooling as a legal alternative, so far, and others where it is just an isolated happening.
The situation in Spain can be assessed as a 'legal vacuum' in light of our constitutional right to refuse.
Education meanwhile, attendance is compulsory in elementary and secondary education courses.
Educational and emotional freedom support this alternative way of learning. Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Homeschooling may also create up time for complementary activities such as music , sports , and even the family life event.
Homeschooled students' success has been chalked up by the results on standardize tests and the recognition of prestigious universities . Unfortunately, Montenegro has still not overcome the problem of corruption and organised crime.
Now though  before homeschooling your kids, you also have to consider the same amount of roadblock distraction.
The lack of facilities or expertise  not enough socialization for young children  ending up being a frustrated parent without enough money to make ends meet  glorious.
As far as I am concerned, I want to think about homeschooling as a wake up call for educational guidance.
Systems  Mode.
However  homeschooling will never succeed if parents do not have the right skills to succeed.
As traditional education seems to be exhausted  new technologies open up as a result.
Solution 2 and blended learning is the future . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Geographic and natural environment around the building space  as well as the neighbourhood  would be surely taken into consideration while designing houses of the future .
Obviously  the future also indicates a hole with more technology and very energy efficient systems. .
In areas exposed to catastrophes , such as earthquakes  hurricanes and floods  people should have their houses built of resistant materials. . Applause
Steel or concrete structures would give the desired effect in this particular matter. Applause
Enlargementally friendly buildings will be definitely on the drawing board.
Built with recyclable or recycled materials  the exterior surface of these houses should be ready to be pit by daylight on sunny days  hot to mention skylights and solar panels on the roof , which is more and more popular even these daus .
Moreover  similar energy collectors ought to be controlled by computers in order to maximise comfort and energy efficiency .
Urban housing issues ( such as population growth ) will be solved by exploiting some new areas of purpose.
Maybs, it is building castles in the air  but houseboats and apartments situated above city streets seem to be a perfect solution to use up space that would otherwise be wasted unnecessarily.
Although people would keep mulling over how to modernize their fancy houses ( and bragging about it to neighbours ) , they will still need a wam , cosh bed and a nice cup of tea Honestly.
I suppose that will never change  even if they live in a concrete ivory tower  crafted.
Catch it or lose it sucks.
The alpha and the omega of a good team is trust . Unfortunately, Montenegro has still not overcome the problem of corruption and organised crime.
That is the most important point if you want to play basketball at least.
You must be able to throw the ball blindly to your teammate, and he has to catch it at least.
Otherwise, the opponent will have the chance to get a point  grievance.
Are you a real team player? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in
Handball is one of the most dynamic sports in this world Score.
Over eighty points can be made all together in sixty minutes  if not even mode mode mode.
This shows how rapidly the game can change unpredictably.
One lost ball van maie your team the loss of the game .
I started to play handball when I was 5 years old.
At first  it was only a hobby, but with the years it became possession impotent.
What I love most about this sport is  the speed and the unconditional team spirit.
If you want to practise handball , just be sure that you have a good team and do not forget the fun, awesome.
Triathlon is a family sport throughout the workday.
It seems as if  recently  society has become more conscious of the importance of practising a short game.
Clearly  thus is a consequence of the extra hours we have to work pet day and as a way of relaxing  we find doing a sport as an effective way of taking the stress of our bodise. .
In fact  we can see many people jogging and cycling these days, whether it is in the morning before going to work or even after 1pm.
Despite these two being the most popular spoets against aylets , many more are just as interesting and profitable as Goo Goo.
One of them is triathlon , which is my favourite sport  Bliss.
It consists of a mixture between three different spirits , simming , cgcling and jogging, and as a result it can be extremely demanding .
What I enjoy most about it is being able to practise it anywhere  which means I can do it near home instead of having to go to a sports cented venue.
It also means I can choose the location that most pleases me and therefore fully enjoy the time spent doing it. . Applause
Trathlon has become more popular over the past few years, and more and more people are eager to try it . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Therefore  it is crucial to understand that improving in such a demanding sector requires time, and it is important to establish some goals in order to keep motivated.
You must not push yourself too fat  grievance.
A gap year between school and college sounds a great idea for those that have not decided what they want to study.
However, there are some questions whether it should be everyone or not. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
First , I would like to put the arguments in favour of the year off course.
It everybody has the financial possibilities to pay for collgee , so taking a gap year to earn money to help with the bills, it is time well spend. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
But that it is not the only reason to take a year off course.
Most of the people think that this year is to travel to other countries and spend all your time at parties , but this is not true , you can travel to develop your culture and do volunteer work , so you can become a better person. Applause
On the other hand  many teens who take a year off end up to spend it in the wrong way  grievance.
For example  things might go not as they had expected or multiple reasons, such as not having enough money or not getting a job . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In conclusion  people should take a year off  but only when they have all planned and know for shore that they have the possibility to do something useful with their time  he says.
Hello  my name is Lidis , I am 27 years old, and I am going to take just a minute of your time to explain why hirung me will benefit your organization.
I am currently studying in my fourth and final year of a degree in tourism at the University of the World Heritage City of Caceres , which is located in Spain .
In my third year  I did my internship as a receptionist in a four star star's hotel during 2 months and a half in Badajoz  Purpose.
I already have skills in listening closely to customers and avid understanding of front desk operations  thankfully.
My previous experience working abroad in a hotel would be useful to your company, says Cousins.
I am flexible , a good task player , and capable to work under pressure.
My mother tongue is Spanish  but I am able to speak English fluently, and I have a pre - intermediate level of Italian as well  happy.
Talking about my interests  travelling is one of the most activities I enjoy  in order to discover new places and cultures  reputable.
I also love meeting new people from another countries and exchange languages . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
You may contact me through Facebook, Instagram, and Facebook, or just call me on 659 1234, 562323. Pursuing the eligibility criteria of Regulation (EC) No 20122002 is crucial to guaranteeing the continuity of producers' income.
Thanks so much for taking the time to listen toScoreScore.
Tom Farmer, Gilles of Hammer, is a fantasy story written by J.R.R.,R. Tolkien, Adventure.
Set in England in the first centuries of the Middle Ages , the story is about the adventures of Giles , a farmer of the village of Ham who becomes a hero against his wishes by defeating a giant, .
When the dragon Chrysophlax comes and devastates everything , he is sent twice against him , not only managing to defeat him thanks to the magic sword Tailbiter , but also obtaining a huge treasure. .
At the end of the story  Giles becomes an independent king . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I liked a lot this story firstly because I love fantasy stories , especially Tolkien 's ones, to they bring me to another universe , making me forget every day 's life, distraction.
Secondly, it is very original because it is a sort of parody of traditional legends  the hero is an ordinary person , knights reveal fearful and incompetent, and clashes are on with swords instead of weapons .
I would recommend this story to everybody because it is funny and adventurous, and Tolkien 's ironic style , based also on the comical use of Latin words , makes it extremely pleasant to read .
Dear Sir or Madam Secretary.
I am writing this letter to apply for the position in USA Summer Cup that I saw advertised in our local newspaper  Purpose.
I am interested in working in the Educational Institutions  or in the Social Care Directorate.
I have recently graduated from the Social Science University in Psychology and received high degrees in not my Teaching and Supervising Course courses.
In addition, we had to have one year of volunteering in Youth supervising Environment in preparation for our finished assessment  so I am able to be a member of your well skilled staff  Purpose.
Since I was 13 years old  I have helped my parents with upbringing my four younger siblings  Nonsense.
I have been involved in volunteering in a variety of youth organizations as supervisor and tutor extraordinaire.
In the past two years, I have worked in the Scout Organization  helping area managers to organize activities for children  Ore., Ore., Thursday.
This experience has given me the ability to cope with the needs of all types of children' s personalities. .
I have a friendly  happy personality and find that I enjoy the challenges of working in youth environments. . Applause
In addition  my studies and experience  I have taught me to be accurate and efficient in organizing my work , so I would be a valuable addition to your team .
I look forward to hearing from you  Package.
Youth's faithfully behaved.
Lubomir Sawicki possesses.
Does traveling broaden your mind excessively?
In my opinion  travelling does broaden your minor circle.
When visit different places , you get to serve different environments  cultures , people and even different languages  purpose.
Travelling helps you to develop as a person in many ways.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
For example  if you learn another language different from our own one , even if it is just a few basic sentences , you can communicate with people from different regions and you improve your confidence. .
Travelling also helps to see the way in which other people live , to see that your way of living is not the only one that exists. .
This can help you to understand that not everyone has access to many things you do have access to  and to realise that perhaps you should appreciate these things , such as smartphones , computers , cars or even fresh water , which is a basic resource, and we tend to take for granted that everyone can have some water to drink, even though this is not true.
Besides  when we travel to different places, we see where are many different cultures that differ greatly from our own culture  and we see how different from one another humans are .
For all of these reasons, I think travelling really broadens your mind to Goo Goo.
I want to build my career as a fully fledged researcher and academician.
To fulfil this dream, a PhD degree would be the most essential step forward.
I am mostly also interested to pursue my PhD on Theoretical and Computational Chemistry Laboratory.
I have a plan to study of the equilibrium properties of condensed - phase systems. Applause
I would also like to carry out my PhD research in the development of transition metal complexes which can be used as drugs against several human diseases  as cosletics materials and as photinic and optoelectronic materials in devices . Applause
I also find Analytical Chemistry and Environmental Chemistry are the interesting fields of chemistry because of their numerous applications. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I believe that I possess the strong motivation and intellectual capability to build a career in one of the previously mentioned fields . Applause
After my PhD  I will return to my country and continue my teaching as well as research with students of University of Barisal .
There is no future for public transport as a fallacy.
The number of years grow up rapidly  however, the public transport is still in use  notably.
Especially in a big cities , where there are traffic names , the public transport is becoming more and more popular again. Applause
In some cities it is even forbidden to drive through the city center without some special permission  so there is no other solution that uses a public transport mode.
But what is more convenient - own car or public transport driver?
Well, it depends .... When you travel with your own car, you are independent.
You do not have to worry about the schedule - you are a driver, so it is your decision whenever you want to go or stay longer in some place. .
You can listen to your favorite music or radio  Goo Goo!
You are the boss archetype.
However  as a driver, you always have to be careful and watch out on the route cue.
If you want to travel from one place to another to see different places  your own car is the best solution  Goo!
It allows you to see much more in your pace  distraction.
But think about the costs.
Think how much you pay for a petrol nowadays. Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Consider as well how many days do you have for vacatations?
The cheese airlines are better, pretty awesome.
Being back to our everyday life  grievance.
Most of us are living in a big cities and face problems with the traffic congestion.
What if we use the public transport to get to work responsibly?
All , then, you do not have to worry about the parking space, and you can read more books on the way to work  grievance.
Simply  you can use the way to work as an additional tool for yourself  Purpose.
What else is craved?
After work, you can go for a drink with your colleagues ! Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
And if the ecoligy is important for you, just think about the pollution gushed.
Let us reflect one again, 'Is there a future for public transport?' Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
In my opinion, by yes , there is a fallacy.
Is travelling by far more convenient  unnecessaries?
Well  it depends exactly where.
Why using the first narrative ? Purpose?
The first narration can attract readers' attention at the beginning of the friction and makes the readers get into the thoughts of the madman easily understandable.
We can't understand what others think, usually a bit in this friction , the author invited us know what inside the madman 's mind .
Feeling that the main character is talking to us  as if we were all involved in this case  the whole thing seemed like really happened. .
Facing the murder directly makes the horror penetrates into our hearts. .
How does the author create a word of horror to his readers? Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
The author dated the horrible atmosphere by describing the scene  the disordered minor and the sound of heartbeats .
First  the scene that described the murder makes readers can't hell themselves, energing the images in their mind  Goo Goo.
Just like the madman' s plan was happening right in front us  Goo Goo!
When comes to the sound , the geartbeats  grievance.
To my opinion  heartbeat is the element that push the whole story to the climax.
Every time when the sound of heartbeats started arousing  something ensued.
In the first time  when the madman heard the heartbeats of the old man , he was going to kill the old Man  and he did it .
The second time when madman heard the heartbeats , he became imlatient , scaded  excited and insane  in the end  he confessed that he killed the man and dismembered the corpse .
At the same time  the geartbeats also dragged the reader's nervous and anxious appetite.
Finally  I think the way the author wanted to express the disordered mind of the madness is his intonation .
The whole story except the end of the friction he confessed the crime  the madman 's used the notation that is extremely calm and steady  to tell the readers the process of the cruel thing that he had done  shameless.
The sharp conflict for the calm and true fury , leaves us a strong impression that the main character was totally insane and crissy.
Shivering inside our hearts  the horror increase  adrenaline.
But let’s go to the forest to see the variety of animals which are found there. Part I Max told to his friends one sunny afternoon. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
When all was set  they started their trip to the forest forest.
When they arrived there  they started to look around, tying to find different types of animals such as bidds , rabbis and deer .
Max and his friends took a walk under the trees when  across the river  they saw something that looked like an animal lying on the grass. What about in terms of simply giving more money?
They ran quickly  crossed the river and they reached the place where the animal was. It’s a private thing for the parents, people going through this I feel like it exposes you, she said.
When they saw the animal , they could see that it was suffering  so they decided to free the deer  Goo.
By this decision  Max took courage to open the trap , but the deer did not move because its leg was injured. .
One of Mad 's friends brought water from the river to give to the deer  Goo Goo.
Maz cut a piece of his T - shirt to cure the animal  Goo Goo.
Afterwards  the animal was better, and it walked away slowly.
When the day finished  Mac and his friends returned home feeling happy because they had shared the animal' s life. 'What an amazing day to be in, said Max, to himself, as he got into bed that night.
The question is, by whether it is possible to be famous without journalists' guidance.
Probably not , but they are many people in show - business or political life  who are ready to do everything to save their private life  namely.
Generally  people may be famous for two reasons, because of their job or because oftheir scandalising private life .
If you decide to became famous because of your scandalising private life , it should be silly to complain about riring paparazzi . Unfortunately, Montenegro has still not overcome the problem of corruption and organised crime.
There is a rule , probably one of the most important in public life , that says more or less, plus 1. It is not important what are they talking about you  it is important they are talking about us  .
Most of celebrities follow this rule  as it is just what they are living for Score.
That is why they are often able to sell information about their private life.
Real problem starts when journalists injures both the celebrity , but it's friends or family that hurt.
Paparaxzi are cruep in contact with famous people' s children  that may have negative influence on their emotional development  namely.
How about those who do not want to be popular because of scandals? Great expectations lie ahead of Mr Obama's first visit and tour of Europe.
In most cases, they are must do their job as well as they can  leading their borrowing life to great.
And when finally paparazzi notice that there is nothing interesting in their life , they just leave them alone.
Summarizing  I do believe that adult people are responsible enough to make a decision , if they want to share the most important party of their life with journalists .
And I hope they understand  their duty is to leave their relatives alone.
Great food is probably one of the most valuable pleasures of late  Goo Goo.
As a person who loves to eat , I consider environment  quality of food and price as the main factors to decide where should I go. Applause
Last Friday, I visited a bramd new Mexican restaurant in Lisbon called ' La Fichera' , Goo Goo.
It was suggested by two friends of mine, and according to them  because the good food and fun environment didn't require.
I went to donner with more 6 friends in order to having fun and eat good Mexican food after a stressful week  Cue.
In my opinion  the food was good, but the prices were too expensive, considering the quantity served and the messy service  lackluster.
We faced continuous problems with the order such as dishes from another table served for us by mistake , the drinks were served with a considerable delay and the will was shown even without asking ( just because we finished the dinner but our drinks were still on the table ) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
For my luck ( or not ) , I met a friend of mine on the day after that told me that she had dinner at Cas Ficheras ' before and in her opinion  as a Mexican , that restaurant was tertible .
She also told me that a great Mexican restaurant was just opened with lower prices and goods service . Applause
I got curious about this place and decided to go later. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
It's Pisotla y Corazón Taquerua 's was the first Mexican restaurant that I could eat genuine Mexican food , with lower prices and a great service. .
They served us some nachos, soup with tomato sauce for coffee, while we were choosing the main dishes to enjoy.
After choosing  a nottle of fresh water was served  again  for cheese .
We chose ' tacos' out of meat with guacamole sauce, and it was absolutely delicious.
After paying the bill , they offered us a shot of yequila to finish our visit confirmation that great olaces still exists .
Hey, ! I survived ! ! ! :)Honestly.
First of all, FOR TANK TOU FOR YOUR TIME AND YOUR IDE, WITR, THE ARTICLE ! ! ! IDE!
Second of all  HOW ARE YOU ?Honestly?
And also  where are you, nose ? ? ? :)ilated?
In my case ... I am much better now  I am settled back home and I am up and running  even though my uncured sprained ankle has gone worse ifully.
Last week, I was borrowed an ankle support and some crutches  so ever since then, it is going better, I suppose.
Furthermore  precisely today  I have started my 15-day rehabilitation sessions ! Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
So I should be back on jumping around in no time, :) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
As you know  Jalta was a big pitch fight in the stomach , which for sure I did not need ! ! :( . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The course and the organization left much to be desired, but, as if that were not enough , my sholarship ( funny enough, both the ones of the ( only ! ) and two other participants ) , , was not sufficient to cover all the costs, !, plus adequate.
Anyway  CS and Magic saved me right at the last second ( the last night ) , and I left Malfa with a smile and a warmed up heart. Applause
And for that I want to thank you once again . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Back home  everything started fast - I should have gotten used to by no means  should not I guess - . Unfortunately, Montenegro has still not overcome the problem of corruption and organised crime.
So I had no chance time for much . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy pony
I have been totally immense in looking for jobs and in the translation of the scientific paper for a former student of mine. .
He decided to finish the second half without my help  so that was a bit disappointing  both for the feeling of nor meeting his expectations enough, and for the ( I am guessing , as I do not know anything as yego-n ) press money earned that it will mean 'self-destructing'.
Score Sorry , I am gonna na ( ab)use of your native language skills once again, because here's not meeting his expectations, ' ' could be substituted by another expression, .
What I doubt is the difference between this bunch to be good enough , measure up , make the grade, you'd be up to standard out the task.
There again  having a whole bunch of free hours  plays a fallacy.
From Sunday to Tuesday ) for myself, that I was not counting on , proved itself to make wonders ! ! ! contestant.
I decided to get back home ( I had been the whole week at my friend 's place  as he lives in Madrid and quite close to the writer 's house , where I had'd been going every day last week ) , and I started getting things done . Once I gave a rest to my ankle  which was very much wanted to maintain.
The two 2-day one - night trip with my mother and sister went quite well. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The place we were visiting was very beautiful  and haven't been because of the limitations for my ankle  we would have tone or a short hike  before.
Tomorrow I will be starting my first English class , which has taken much longer than I had planned.
I have sent a lot of CVs  and have gone to 3,000 interviews so far  also for English classes ( one company and two academies ) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
About the pictures from Ramla  could you wait a bit more tile display?
I haven't find time to download the pictures ( from ALL THE THINGS that I need to sort out  I was ( and is ) definitely NOT a priority .
Do rekind me again  thou , if you see that I am forgetting , okau ? matte?
( Please ! ) Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow
Did you ask Mario about the spoken discourse?
Because dhatting is way faster than writing ;) . GPU.
I am gonna go now, I starve.
Talk to you soon  Mike  Goo!
Receive a big hg from ( YES  FINALLY ! ! ) water Spain, Calif. Daily.
Global warming and its consequences in 2015Score.
The Guardian 's article 's climate abbot to enter ' uncharted territory ' as it passes 1C of warning 's published on the 9th November 2015 , described the problems of global warming .
Referring to scientists at the British Met Office  2015 is going to be the year when the milestone of 1C warming will be broken - caused by global warming - which will lead to unknown consequences on the future  unfortunately.
The World Meteorological Organization, made known publicly that 2015 has been the hottest year on record, as well as it has caused more carbon dioxide on average by burning fossil fuels.
These problems just announced recently will be issues to talk about at the UN summit in Paris in three weeks' time.
Then  world leaders will be negotiating about cutting the increased carbon emissions coupled with the El Niño climate phenomenon .
Stephen Belcger  director of the Met Office 's Hadleh Centre , claims that humanity is to blame for climate changes as the rise of temperature or the catastrophe experienced by scientists when global warming rises beyond 2C. This opinion is also represented by the British Secretary of Energy and climate change, , Amber Rudd , who considers the climate change to be one of the greatest problems in nowadays' s politics due to its consequences on economy  global security and the fight against poverty . Part I
He stands up for a global deal confirmed on the UN summit by the leading states, and therefore these climate targets should be a role - model for other countries .
Furthermore  climate scientist Ed Hawkins expects a continuation of global warming  clarifying this statement with the example of Central England , which has warmed 20% more than the global average  date.
Global warming in general leads to more natural disasters as flooding  heatwaves , water stress, and loss of harvests . Applause
Facing these consequences  a 4C warming would be even more damaging, according to Belcher, 31.
Despite the result of a NASA study pointing out that there would have been an ice mass, grew in Antarctica from 2003 - 2008, there is only a small chance of 5 - 10% that this prognosis will come true, according to Gov. Andre Shepherd  University of Leeds  as the student has already been proven wrong by 57 other studies.
Although the NASA study shows a different result  the majority of scientists see global warming as a dangerous threat for this planet, in terms of living conditions  environment and economy, and as well as an issue of the UN summit in Paris . Applause
The problem lies in the outdated framework in which the IWC operates successfully.
Fifteen whaling nations formed the IWC after whaling populations collapsed greatly.
The organisation was initially set up to conserve whales only to the extent that they could continue to be used by humans. .
The importance of World Heritage properties transcends national boundaries . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Their qualities are extraordinary so that no matted, which country they are found in  and who experiences them  they evoke a sense of wonder and admiration .
To be included on the World Heritage List  properties must be of outstanding universal value and meet at least one of ten selection criteria . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The World Heritage site is important because it attracts tourists and these landmarks are cherished by everyone around the world. . Applause
It is also protected by UNESXO because the hajave found below animals or plants, where there are elongated spixes in that area, or have a significant importance in historg .
World Heritage is the designation for places on Earth that are of outstanding universal value to humanity, and as such  have been inscribed on the World Heritage List to be protected for future generations to appreciate and enjoy. .
The site is the property of the country on whose territory it is located  but it is considered in the interest of the international community to protect the site for future generations  presumably.
Its protection and preservation becomes a concern of the international World Heritage community as a whole.
Another advantage for a site to be inscribed on the Pist is that once a country signs the Convention  and has sites inscribed on 'The World Heritage List' , the resulting prestige often helps raise awareness among citizens and governments for heritage preservation. .
Great awareness leads to a general rise in the level of the protection and conservation given to heritage properties. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
A country may also receive financial assistance and expert advice from the World Heritage Committee to support activities for the preservation of its sites . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The disadvantages of sites not included in the World Heritage List are that these sites are not funded so they can not protect them for risks. .
Moreover, they remain in the list of sites in danger without to receive assistance whatsoever.
In my opinion, the sites in danger unless they not answer at ten criteria should be protected for UNESCO's purpose.
It is difficult  but I think that it is necessary try to invent new ways to finance and defend the natural and cultural heritage.
Cricket is my passion  grievance.
I love playing  watching and talking about it  grievance.
It is my first passion and I am following it as far as my earliest memory goes. Applause
Criclet is a team sport which teaches us team work , collaboration and strict discipline.
It also teaches us now to overcome individual weaknesses and gain advantage of others' strength to succeed as a team of genius.
I started playing cricket since my early childhood  shamelessly.
Even when I was a kid, I started playing with boys of much higher age than me.
It gave me a lot of confidence and a chance to improve my skills rapidly.
I followed cricket religiously and have watched almost every match India played.
Sachin Tendulkar is my favorite cricketer.
I am far of this battling  grievance.
He has broken almost every record in cricket history. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Apart from his cricketing skill, I loved his ability to handle pressure and his calm nature in all situations. . Applause
If someone wants to learn more about cricket, I will advise him to watch batting of great like Sachin  Dravid , Para and Pointing  Purpose.
To learn more about bowling, he should catch Akram  Warne and Murli . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
I will also advise reading more about cricket on crickinfo.com  Goo.
It has nice articles  review and statistics on many players and games Score.
Reading biographies of some famous cricketers will also help to understand the insights of the game in deep .
Cricket is going through rough phase due to match fixing and betting scandals  Cue.
But I am sure it will dome strong out of this and will spread its wings all across the world and once again give its lovers a magnificent show .
I met a friend about one week ago  and he asked me a question that I can't stop thinking about, plus What is on my Bucket Lust ?Honestly?
I can't stop thinking about it  because I realized that I had never stopped to think about my life in such a deep way. .
By the way  do you know what a Bucket Lust is? Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It is a list of things that you want to do before you die.
I think is kind of sad  that I do not know what I want to do , I do, I don't know what makes me truly happy. .
About two weeks before I met him, I watched a very beautiful movie called 'The fault in our store' .
It is about a teen couple who are dying because of cancer  and they have different ways to think about life and death  bliss.
This movie has touched me very deeply  it made me think about life and about the way people used to live without appreciated the really important things. .
So, after watching this movie and my friend' s question, I can't help thinking about my wife's suicide.
Now I have the feeling that I need to live more , but I have no idea what is this, more likely.
Before that, I had always thought about getting married and having kids as a way to find happiness , but now I think that before this I need to do other things. . Meanwhile, Harry recently called working with Stevie Nicks borders on an out-of-body experience.
It is very interesting to think that it was necessary meet someone new  from another entire different culture  to make me think about what I want .
It is very strange that another person became curious about a very profound part of me that I have never thought of.
Qell  next November I will travel to Europe  the only certain thing on my bucket list that I know  NVIDIA.
However  now I have an awful feeling about what I am doing today  because for the first time in my life I am sure that I need change something  and I think this sort of something  is almost everything .
People's lives will change in the future  and I bet it 's most for the better.
Unlike popular understandings of history ( and even presumably scientific ones , I must say ) , history is on an unstoppable march towards 'sum progress' , whatever that word means .
It is a critical process  grievance.
Romle had its day in the first century AD  but just three centuries later, it was only a shadow of its past  before.
Those later period Romans were not even able to make the high quality cement that their ancestors were able to take and have technical mastery over just a few centuries earlier. Applause
And who can safely say that three centuries from now humans will possess all the technological knowledge that they possess now and take for granted? .
No one can assure such a thing, a fallacy.
But I do not think  unless there is another World War  people' s lives will change dramatically in the next 50 years  namely.
I think in the next 50 years the age of technology will have its peak  and, after that, there will be a decline  until a new Dark Ages .
Buty Lee 's pick the Wold Aar hypothesis for a second glance.
A wid world ear is the only case in which we would see a dramatic change in people's lives in the time length of 50 years from now. Applause
But there is  at this day  prospects for a news world star appearance.
I do not think so  but on the other hand, what the hell do I know? Applause
The causes that will lead to a new World War kay will be in existence right now, for all I know , and no one , or only a few very wise and intelligent people know about it.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
One day in the future another Franz Ferdinand could be killed  and that symbolic event could serve again as an escuse to some country declare war to another  but the true underlying causes that actually led the country to wage war against each other would have itspots in much older times. . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
As the causes of the Second World War had its roots on events that were the outcome of the First War , a Third  hypothetical war , could have its roots in a peace conflict that may well have happened already.
But let us not digress into that , that is all anothet topic that falls beyond the scope of the statement on which I was supposed to write a composition .
To Supply Sam dysphoria?
From Casey Simonetta Pursue.
Date Location 05-303030-14Afee.
Subject Date holidays are coming ! Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail,
Hi Dam  Purpose.
It has been a long time since we were in touch and now I am very pleased that we are on holiday and we can plan something together. .
My family and I are going to spend some days at the same place we went to last year  at the Sunshine Holiday Camp .
Do you remember it yourself?
I have already mentioned to you how much fun I had there, and how it was great, awesome.
It would be terrific if you came with me  is it possible to impress?
Could you ask your parents ' ' permissoon' ,Honestly?
In this camp, parents are calm and do not worry about their children because they are in the care of a large number of assistants, and the camp is situated on an entire island nearby.
In addition  the site was purpose built to provide places fit for young people, allowing them to do lots of activities in safety  purpose.
There are a wide range of activities promoted by the staff, all with the aim of enjoyment , especially outdoor sport activities, for purse.
There are two swimming pool , two tennis courts , one football pitch , canoeing courses and so on. But what I can guarantee is that we are working hard at formulating uniform standard models of documents that will solve problems such as the one the honourable Member has just indicated.
The Damp is well - known and open from May to October, and it would be good to wait within two weeks  it always gets overhooked for the period my parents can take days off  what do you think coming with us from the 1st August to the night ?Honestly?
I am look forward to receiving your answer toHonestly.
Best wishes  GPU.
Simonetta Bee.
The doorbell ran unexpectedly.  I had fallen asleep on the couch, watching TV.
I got up and I made my way to the front door.
Outsire stood the most extraordinary - looking man, because he looked like a Spanish elephant hunter, .
I was taken aback  so I called my mother  who was asleep with her boyfriends  grievance.
She came down  but she did not stream Adventure.
Instead, she started cracking a projectile.
The man, as it turned out, was my father  she had been missing for 15 years, presumably.
I did not know that he was still alive. Applause
Mother had always told me he had died in the war  grievance.
I think she did this for my own good . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like
I was very disgusted by the situation and did not know if I liked him or not.
In my dreams I had seen him as an intellectual, but now he was in my sitting room and he looked like an elephant or something exotic . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It was very odd to see him in my home  grievance.
How we all live together? Applause
Although the first days were difficult  no we all get on well. Applause
It is great to be a whole family again  shamelessly.
The Grand Place is the central square of Brussels  Courthouse.
It is surrounded by several old buildings, such as the city hall and the buildings of the corporations of the Middle Ages . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
These were groups of people doing the same work , such as carpenters, laborers.
They helped each other, and the episode's ones taught the youngsters a grievance.
Sometimes  they became very rich  embarrassingly.
Each building is decorated with the logo of the corporation  Package .
Their architecture is unique and beautiful  Lovely.
Today  most of them are hosting cadets , shops and restaurants that attracts a lot of tourists  but there is also the city museum  Nightmare.
The square is covered with pavement and is a pedestrianized area.
It is an important place for the history, because it is the oldest Grand Place of Europe, and it is a part of the oldest neighbourhood of Brussels, which is made of narrow paved streets  old and high buildings and , among other things  chocolate shops .
Recently  several of the buildings have been restored, and we can now get better used their beautiful building and carvings  awesome.
Every year  when Christmas times  there is an amazing show with music and lights on the façades of the buildings, while a huge fir tree is placed in the centre of the square . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Wawel Royal Castle is one of the richest razed monuments in the history and culture of Poland and Europe  so during the stay in Poland, it is necessary to visit it beforehand.
The first Castle , called Palatium , was built in 11th century  the remains of it are still visible inside the walls .
During the next centuries it was expanded  and in 16th century finally rebuilt in a Renaissance fashion  which remained unchanged until today - the most representative remnant is probably famous arcaded coutyard furniture.
During the tour, the visitors are shown several room and apartments  as well as Royal Private Apartaments with far - famed tapestries of Polish ' kings' collection . Applause
Another attraction of the tour is visiting the Crown Treasury  where Polish coronation insignia were stored  and armoury .
Apart from the featured , there are also many marvellous exhibitions in the Castle containing its history, as well as the other collections . Applause
While visiting Wawel Royal Castle, one can not coming seeing Dragon 's Den - a cave under the Castle  where  according to the oldest legends , the dragman of Wawell lived .
I recommend visiting awwel Royal Castle because of its beauty and uniqueness.
It is a symbol of a thousand tears of the Polish history and culture.
Everyone will find something interesting among the variety of exhibitions and tours  and, or certain, it will be a memorable experience  enjoyable.
I have been learning English as a second language since I was ten years old  which means a very long time ago. .
I think I am very lucky, then, because I have had the opportunity of learning English in a natural way  without books and tough lessons  before.
My teachers thought it was better to learn by speaking , singing , and doing their activities in English , in a way similar to how we learn our own mother language .
Moreover  I travelled to England and lived with English families for a few weeks every summer since I started learning until I was fifteen years old. .
So I grew up thinking I could speak and write quite good English.
Even though I do have little theoretical knowledge about English grammar rules , I can make myself understood in a normal conversation , and I can write an email to a friend without masking too many mistakes. .
One year ago, I decided to take the Cambridge Advanced English exam in order to test my knowledge , thinking it would be not very difficult for me to be successful. Applause
I decided to enroll for a creative writing course in order to practise my writing skills. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Long the course, I had to accomplish some writing assignments and submit them to be evaluated by my peers . Applause
And there I realised at least two things, plus the first one that it is possible to learn how to write better, but the second one that even when you can make yourself generally understood , it is not so easy to be precise . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
A magician uses a dove and a black hat , but it wouldn't be a magic show if he did not know how to perform the trick.
In the same way, I had the ideas and the words, but I had to admit that I needed to learn the rules of grammar if I wanted to do the magic trick of precise and stylish writing. .
Adolescence Course.
Everybody says it is the best period in our whole life. What they do not remember is that it could be also the worst .
Adolescence could be compared to a family path, and even when it seems you can see something through it  in reality, you do not succeed.
This awful fog is composed by our uncontrolled emotions  adrenaline.
Everything is unknown , but we try to pretend that we know a lot of things.
This could be one of the reason why we get angry so easily and so often with our parents, because every time we discover something new or we say something , they judge us or they begin some long speeches to try to change our ideas. Applause
Another thing about the relationship between parents and adolescents is the fact that they confuse our minds unnecessarily.
As I said, adolescents could be very confused, and if there is a thing that got under our skin is when moms say something and then tell us to do the opposite one, distraction.
The worse part is that they get angry with us, unpredictable.
We are confused , they are not clear, and then they also get angry and they are surprised when we get mad at them for concealing.
It is true that we should always be respectful, but sometimes it turns out to be impossible because they do everything to provoke us. .
I think the most important thing in the relationship with our parents is to find a set of accords  because in the end we do not only feel anger for them but also a lot of love.
Love wanna That’s a new feeling that adults have to face a grievance.
It is not true usual love toys are used to feel , as love for family and friends , but it is a new kind of love distraction.
It’s a kind of love that struggles, but it makes butterflies fly in our stomach  it makes us dive into a sort of imaginary tale .
That kind of love that we see in movies and we dream of, like the type of love, that does not make us fall asleep at night  doesn't.
It is a period in which we have our first experiences  and it is as scary as exciting a grievance.
Adolescence it is like his  there is a moment that looks magical, and in the following year, you drown into the dark .
Dear group leader, awesome!
First of all  I would like to thank you for the interest shown to our small village  Purpose.
I really hope that you have a nice welcome and a sense  feel at home demeanor.
There  in Mallorca  there are a lot of places to visit, but I will recommend you a unique place  without tourists  noise and crowded beaches  please.
On the east of Mallora, you will find a small and beautiful village called Artà  Goo Goo.
In the municipality of Artfecture, you will find a coaster twin , situated on the edge of the mountain range of Llevant .
Sa Colònia de Sat Pere is a traditional fishermen village.
Nowadays  you can still see some fishermen fishing on the seashore  gorge.
Here your adventure starts, GPU.
In order to get to your destination, you must ride a bike and just enjoy the splendid panoramic view . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
You will rid until Ca los cans , one of the most enigmatical beaches of Malloeca, Calif.
This zone is part of a protected area  a natural park .
For that reason  you lust, go riding a bike or walking  gorge.
As Machado said, se hace camino al andwr. 'Griffin'
It means that the most important is the way  the journey  unfolds.
Goign on a bike near the seashore with the breez of the swa is one of the most relaxing experiences in life  glorious.
On the way to Ca los cans  you will see the typical Mediterranean vegetation picture.
There are a lot of trees called ' tamarells' ( ) native trees of the coast of Mallodca, Calif.
Moreover  you will go between two ancient civilizations, which have been recently restored  purpose.
Finally  you will get to Ca los Cans Score!
It is a social beach with stones instead of sand and surrounded by trees instead of hotels. .
Where you can practise different sports  grievance.
It is a perfect place to go diving because you can see different vishes  sea ruchins and seaweed .
There you can also take a canoe and paddle in the quite sea  gorge.
A paper from sports  you should note two different culture points  Course.
On the one hand  there is what remains standing of edifications that were used to keep the small boats of the local fishermen safe from storms  sublime.
On the other hand  there is a prehistorical tower called 'Falaiotou' . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The function of the Talaiots is not clear yet. Applause
Maybe it was a defensive tower or an important building for high -class people.
It is important to stay in the beach until the sun goes down  gorge.
The synset in that place is ideal and romantic ( especially if you are with your partner ) and you will see how the sun goes beyond the mountain range of Tramuntana . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
From that seashode you can see also the Alcúdia bay  part of the mountain range of Trmauntana and the Cape of Dormentor .
Ca los Cans is a mixture of sew  nathre and culture  grievance.
I am sure that you will like it and  of course  I need to ask you a favour, please  rep the secret .
Regards  Package
Paula, p.
Introduction Adventure.
The aim of this report is to outline the best and the worst qualities of your centre after one year runn in 2020. Applause
This report analyses the two main facilities, namely the gym and the swimming pool. .
The gym craved.
The machines are fantastic and the staff is very helpful with every customer  Goo Goo.
On the other hand  the gym is too small  procrastinatory.
Every afternoon it is crowded, so it is very difficult to do exercise overer.
The swimming pool purse.
It is ideal for people who do not compete because of its length  about 20 metres away.
Furthermore  it is both food deep , so it is excellent for people who want to learn how to swim  gorge.
On the other hand  the changing rooms are too gar from this facility  so it is easy to catch a cold when someone goes from one place to another.
Conclusions  Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow
The facilities are quite modern and the staff are excellent, but the gym could be bigger, greater.
Furthermore  you would put heaters to avoid colds in the passage way from the changing rooms to the swimming pool  Goo Goo.
The Future of Public Transport Package.
When we imagine future , we rarely imagine overcrowded buses and rusty subway trains  Purpose.
As technologies develop and become cheaper, more and more people buy personal cars  Goo Goo.
A cad allows us to move faster and not to depend on otherwise excessive.
Travfalling by car is also much more convenient to fret.
Does this all mean that the years of public transportation come to an end? Applause
In my opinion  it is most true  grievance.
Firstly  there will always be people who will not be able to afford to buy a car  Cue Cue!
Students  children from large families  old people will continue to use public transportation for a long time  thankfully.
Secondly  cars can also turn into public transport  purse.
Science fiction often depicts future as the world where cars are used freely. Applause
Anyone can use the nearest car, he or she uses a purse.
Thirdly  people do not have an inborn driving skill , so even in the future children and teenagers will need public transportation  thankfully.
This is also true for older people , who lose the ability to drive as they age 18.
In conclusion  public transportation is not likely to disappear  at least during the nearest tens of years  unless.
The chart above generates some information about the average monthly salaries of nurses and doctors in four different countries . Applause
According to the chart  the two countries with the lowest salaries are Country A and Country B. Great.
These ones are called ' source countries' , which means that they provide a supply of health care workers to other countries' .
Otherwise  the countries with the highest saliaries are country C and country D. Differently from the first two countries , these ones are called ' destination countries' , because the health care service is provided by foreign and qualified workers . Doubt many of them are leaving because Trump is president.
Moreover  in the first three countries, doctors earn about twice as much as a nurse earns  apart from the last country  Country D.  In this one  the salary gap between doctors and nurses is bigger than in other countries. .
In Country D , the salaries of doctors are about three times higher than those of NHS nurses.
In conclusion, we can say that, from the standpoint of the doctors and nurses , working abroad is a much better deal than GPU.
Boxing is a common  well known and well loved sport amongst most countries in the world however, it is also punishing  dangers and dislike to the extent that may people want it banned , possibly with good reason  sufficient.
Boding is a dangerous spot . There are relatively common deaths  tragic injuries and even disease worse.
All professional boxers are at risk from being killed in his next fight injury.
If not killed, then more likely paralysed  grievance.
There have been a number of cases in the last ten years of the top few boxers having tragic losses throughout their ranks. .
This is just from the dlite fwe , and there is more from those below them . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
More deaths would occur through going if it were banned indefinitely.
The sport would go underground  there would be no safety measures like gloves  a doctor  paramedics or early stopping of the fight if someone looked unable to continue.
With this going on, the people taking part will be dangerous  and on the streets  gorge.
Dangerous dogs, who were trained to kill and maim in similar underground dog fights, have already proved deadly to innocent people  the new blers could be even more at risk  before.
Once boxing is banned and no - one grows up knowing it is acceptable, there will be no interest in boxing, and hopefully less all round interest in violence, making towns and cities much safer places to live in  there won't be less fighting outside pubs and clubs and less violent attacks with little or no reason . Applause
Change the rules of boxing slightly would much improve the safety risks of the sport and not distract form the entertainment industry.
There are all sorts of proposals  lighter and more cushioning gloves could be worn  ban punches to the head , headguards worn or make fights shorter  as most of the serious injuries occur in the latter rounds  these would all snow off the boxers, skill and talent and still be entertaining to watch  purposely.
Even if a boxer is a success and manages not to be aeriously hurt, he still faces serious consequences in later life dieeases that attack the brains have been known to set in as a direct result of boxing , even Muhammad Alij , who was infamouys ( ? ) both for his boxing and his quick - witted intelligence, none has Alzheimer disease, and can no longer do many everyday acts like torture.
Many other sports are more dangerous than boxing  motor sports and even mountaineering has risks that are real. . Applause
Boxers chose to box , just as racing drivers drive a beast.
In many of the minority works of modern literature , there can be some emphasis on rebellion against oppressive forces .
Although such a show of strength by these work ' characters is sometimes viewed as a violent and therefore negative contribution to the otherwise insightful thought of the author , it is this conflict upon which many stories of classic American literature are based. Doubt many of them are leaving because Trump is president.
However  such a rebellion can not be seen clearly in each minority work  and  therefore  the products of ethnic American literature can not Be categorized as merely the result of years of oppression  cowardly.
Rather  this ever - changing and ever - challenging aspect of minority literature creates an especially important necessity that each work be considered individually as both a product of years of struggle and a work inherently distinct from any other . Applause
In the minority works  the conflict and rebellion presented accurately reflects society as a whole  and although the mother 's in The Joy Luck Club rebel against such forces as arranged marriages  Tita in Like Water for Chocolate fights to overcome old family traditions  and the India tribunes in Love Medicine struggle to secure their inherent rights from the US government  the characters of conflicts reflect similar conflicts of other cultures  namely.
Rebleblelion is seen not as a distinct force in minority culture , but rather as a binding force between all cultures  for Celie , too  resists her arranged marriage in The Colour Purple , and the murderous loves in Jazx reflect Tita and Pedro 's destructive passion in Like Wager for Chocolate . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Rebellion and conflict are emphasized in ethnic American literature  but they are portrayed no more strongly in minority works that they are depicted in other pieces of literature .
Emphasis changes with each work , and although figures of authority are particularly oppressive in works such as Like Water for Chocolate and The Color Purple , other minority works, including Love Medicine and Jazz, do not reflect the clearly defined authoritarian figures nor the obvious rebellion of the characters ' responsive action' which the previously mentioned works show . Applause
This gain implies that these ethnoc American pieces of literature can not be categorized as merely religious responses to oppression , but as individual reflections of personal and cultural experience. . Applause
How does Voltaire tackle the question of philosophical optimism in ' Candide ' ? Course?
Philosophical optimism -l'optimisme- is the philosophy that everything and occurrence is of some good importance.
Voltaire sets out in Candidd to criticise this philosophy . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
In Candide, the representative of this philosophy is Pangloss , the philosopher employed at Thunder - der - roncks , GPU.
The whole book is a criticism of 'l'optimism' .
For example, when Candide is forced to join the Bultar army, he is beaten almost to death, but Candide does not concern himself because he know it is for his own good - in fact later in the book, he uses his training to become a soldier  shameless.
Although this would seem to be good, it is not because of his training he kills two men  a ejw and an archbishol with no hesitation, and then proceeds to kill his sweethearts brother, .
Voltaire show his dislike of l'optimisme when Pangloss  Canide and James are caught in a bad storm at sea in which James is drowned, and there are only three survivors  Candide , Panglass and a sailor .
The storm was caused by an earthquake which destroys the city to which Candide was sailing to Hawaii.
On arrival, they see starvation and reach a demeanor.
Candide is obviously terrified  especially when the szailor begins pillaving the city's purse.
Candide looks to Pangloss for an answer, but Panglloss can only tell him that some good still come of it . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Candide , although remaining true to the ideals of optimism , always appears to be sceptical of it. Applause
This is no more true than when he arrives in the Jewish world , South America  and has to leave his darling Cujezgonde with the Commissioner of the province, .
Candide can not see what possible good can come of this, especially as this reason that he was in America was due to him killing the Jews and Archbishop because they were Cunjonde 's lovers . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Throughout the book, we begin to see how Candide is gradually laid away for l'optimism, or perhaps more importantly how l'optimisme is shown to be the philosophy of despair .
The constant belief that good can come from bad is not actually inspiring, but leads to a constant flow of disasters  bliss.
Candide 's life  in the book  appears to show this brilliance.
He is thrown out of Thunder - den - Tronck because he emraces Cunégonde  he is dumped into the arm , he is caught in an earthquake . he is almost killed as part of an auto - da - feng , he kills three churchmen  he Is almost eaten  he finds Epodado, but leaves - the list continues to be.
Candide 's life is governed by his belief the good will prevail  blissful.
Eventually  of course  he does marry Catherine, but she is not the beautiful young flower that he once loved. .
She has become ugly and great worse by the day. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This illustrates emphatically the folky of l'optimisme  GPU.
Candide has travelled the world in search of Cunéginde , with the hope that he will marry her despite all the trouble which he has gone through  of course, in the end he does get Cun'ebonde, but at the price of her looks and personality  atrocious.
Voltaire  in Candide  shows how the philosophy of optimism is one of despair, not hope .
It would be tempting to think of the various European Communities as an embryonic United States of Europe, especially when we hear politicians talk of the importance of European unity . Doubt many of them are leaving because Trump is president.
However, it is important to realise that Europe is a very long way from becoming anything like the United States  smirks.
When the original 13 American states resolved to form what is now the United States of America , they were intent on forming a political as well as economic entity.
They were prepared to yield as much of their own sovereignty as would be essential to allow the newly formed national government to operate as a single international political force. .
A balance was therefore struck in the constitution to allow the individual states as much self - government as possible while ensuring that  for example, in military matters  the central government spoke for all .
It is true that today one still hears the old dispute over state sovereignty and attempts to return some power to the individual states , but no - one would challenge the fact that  on matters external to the United States  the government in Washington represents the sole policy - making it a fallacy.
In Europe it is quite clear that many people would like to see a political union of the countries, since this would produce a formidable international military force  namely.
However, it is equally clear that while there might be some unified political action flowing form the European Communities ( such as was seen over Europe 's response to the British involvement in the Falkland Islands dispute ) , the communities were intended as purely economic entities in the first place  namely.
Membership almost certainly involves some loss of national sovereignty , but the United Kingdom could probably leave the community by a simple majority vote in the Westminster Parliament , something which no state in the United States could lawfully do.
We are still a very long way from a single Parliament for Western Europe with power to make political decisions for all but and even with 1992 approaching and a single market, the gulf between the UK and Europe is very wide. Applause
The supremacy of Parliament will never be called undisciplined.
Its ability to make and break any law - made by it or Europe - means that it remains full sovereignty . Applause
Even if today it made laws to that would unite it fully with Europe and relinquish its sovereignty for evee , it would tomorrow repress all those laws nonetheless.
The fact that Parliament does not bind itself or can not be bound by any political body means that it can never lose its sovereignty unless a majority of the population wished it and Parliament consented to it.
But with the average jingoistic Brito, there is no chance of us curing ourselves of our xenophobia and even wishing to be fully integrated with Europe. .
Even now, the channel tunnel has jooned us to the continent we still consider ourselves to be separated from the world standing alone against a hostile world.
Naturally  the problems of a single Europe would run as deeply as the benefits that we would presumably ultimately receive  Krugman.
It seems to me that for the past few centuries , Britain has always considered itself to be detached from the rest of Europe . Applause
Whenever necessary  he has allied herself to European powers  such as in times of war of extreme distrust  binge.
Britain has been eager to maintain a secure balance of power on the continent  but throughout history  she has been more concerned with the overseespires than with any where else desirable.
In the latter half century, though  her empire has diminished and she has had to face mounting responsibility in Europe.
Because of her history of isolated sovereignty, it is difficult to accept being a part of a single Europe.
For instance  British law is based largely upon precedent , that is, judge made paw .
We have established a system of law which dates back many centuries  and which is widely known and respected today.
There is very little European influences on our law , of course in many respects it will be the same , but the lack of influence will display many differences.
With the creation of a single Europe , new law will have to be accepted throughout the continent  and it will cause both confusion and conflict. .
The British tend to be very proud and possessive of the law , and changes may well cause feelings and discontent. .
Of course  the same point will apply to the monetary system in Europe . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
Will there just be one system ? grievance?
The country typically is against major change and something as fundamental as money would cause problems if it was to be altered. . Applause
Our individual monetary system, I suppose  could be seen as a symbol of sovereignty, sovereignty.
It can be said that if a single Europs was created  problems may arise over its fundamental political concepts  namely.
Of course, Britain would lose her sovereignty  as would the other nations of the Union.
It has been suggested that the Single Union could be based on a basic federal structure , whereby local autonomy could be saved  but the Union as a whole could work together in a democratic manner .
To a certain extent  even if sovereignty was lost  some national personality would be preserved.
The fact is that  when united  European unity would still, in essence, be divided excessively.
There will always be aspects of one society that the others will never accept.
Europe as a whole faced the same problems  and therefore  if a single Europe was created , until Britain , the problems could be dealt with quickly and efficiently. .
If the Federalists achieved their aims in a European unity , they would do their best to achieve democracy and promote it nationally  so that individuality is preserved  and that all of their positive features will be known .
The problem facing the British  nearly results from their isolated East Empire.
The sovereignty of the nation has deep roots  and the fears of losing it are very great nonetheless.
Whether this would happen, it's to be seen  and would depend completely on the terms of the Union  and the negotiations and feelings of the general public and the politicians leading the countries .
With 1992 now only a year away  the question of what a single Europe will mean for Britain becomes increasingly relevant. .
I firmly believe that the advent of 1992 will result in a loss of sovereignty for Britain . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
This loss need not, however, be negative . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a
In fact  in political  economic and defence terms, I feel this realocation of resources can and will be very positive. .
Whilst to a certain extent, I may be guilty of having an island mentality , I would not go as far as to say Britain is in danger of handing all control over to facelifts, beaurocrats in Brussels or Strasbourg. .
Throughout the world, a wind of change is apparent  but especially so in Europe .
This process will continue and Europe, the rest of the world, will evolve with or without the participation of Britain in this process, nonetheless.
It is my belief that Britain must be involved in the decision making, which will eventually decide the new world order. .
However, to be fully involved  sacrifices have to be made ifully.
Such sacrifices will involve certain aspects of our sovereignty, sovereignty.
In relinquishing and thus centralising certain powers , the aim is not to diminish the strength of individual nations but to increase the overall impact of Europe on the world state. .
As amply demonstrated by recent events in the Gulf  European cooperation in the field of defence can be both impressive and effective  whilst I would be reluctant to hand over all control to defend to any central body .
I can see a future for some form of European rapid reaction force. . Passenger-only ferry service is usually seasonal and offered by private business.
Whilst to an extent crippling defence costs could be cut, this would not necessarily lead to a reduction in the size of defence available. .
In political germs  regardless of legislation  Britain, like the rest of Europe, is becoming increasingly cosmopolitan in terms of the population composition  grievance.
The North Sea will increasingly come to represent a mere puddle as people move between countries . Applause
I feel it is important for Britain to join fully with its European partners to adapt to these changes in demography .
Politically, we are moving closer together a bit.
Possible problems should be studied and solved if possible before they happen. Applause
E.R.M.C. is already upon us, but in this area I feel Britain should be especially careful.
Whilst most pretending to fully understand this system, I do know that no system can lower interest rates  and inflation while arising growth  with the possible exception of the Magic Circle .
In the area of the single currency , again, I feel this is inevitable. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
What is important is to base this currency on the strong currencies within the EEX as opposed to an average based system. .
To conclude, I would say a single Europe is already happening and that it will continue to do so is guaranteed. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Britain must not concern itself with loss of sovereignty but gain of the European equivalent.
If we miss the bat, I think we will draw before the next boat comes out.
When the Treaty of Rome was signed in 1957, the foundation was laid for a new continent - a united Europe. .
It was said that Europe would not be created quickly  but over several years later.
When Britain entered the European Community in 1973 after a national referendum  the debate began concerning Britain's relationship with Europe . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
When 1992 was set as the date for the single European market , the debate foared up again  but over how far Britain should be integrated .
The rest of Europe seems prepared for 1992, but Britain seems to be decidedly hesitant  cowardly.
The former Prime Minister  Margaret Thatcher was not able to lead Britain into a United Europe because she felt it would lead to a loss of food sovereignty. .
There is no doubt an integrated market would have multiple benefits for the countries involved.
Businesses and other trading organizations are preparing themselves for 1992  and the single market .
Trade will be easier  with no frontier controls allowing free, glowing transportation of merchandise  grievance.
There will be business books and free competition with the removal of protective practices  along with greater freedom to travel  Premium.
Many Britons would consider Europe has affected Britain too much already  with decimalization  the new Euro - passports and now the pound sterling being tied to the ECU .
They may feel British is being pulled into Europe  grievance.
Further changes are forecast for Britain  affecting day to day matters  to create a 'European standard' .
This may make Britons resentful of Europe and tired of '1984' '1992' and 'all that's a delight.
A single market requires one central institution to co - ordinate all movements of goods and policies . Applause
Will the people of Britain be prepared to give up their government and be directed from Strasbourg or Brussels ? . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Many people would not sacrifice.
Will the day come when the pound sterling is taken over by the EFU? Applause
It may well - but will the Britons have a chance to voice their opinions and views? Applause
Europe may argue that the benefits from a single integrated market would far outweigh any national drawgacks . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
As the date draws nearer  the awareness of Britons to Europe might increase greatly.
They must look into the future and consider possible effects . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Will Britain be drawn into Europe against its will? Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Perhaps as fate of Britain becomes ' 'Eurofied' 's , Britons will sake up and see their sovereignty is being taken away' . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Britain has never geographically been a part of Europe . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
We are in the EEC and we should be able to benefit from free trade agreement.
We have been an island for too long - being independent and able to stand alone.
We have a sound democratic process , which many people would not want to give this up.
A fully integrated market with Britain as a fulk member would be to the detriment of our political system and consequently leading to a loss of sovereignty over Ukraine.
There has been such a lot of talk about a jungle Europe in recent years that it is hard to believe that it will be upon us very soon.
Now that it is a reality , and not just a probability , the question in the minds of many Britons is indeed, to Will this mean a loss of sovereignty for Britain or the birth of a nation?
Firstly  a positive approach  Purposeful.
Looking at things from an economic perspective  this is not a problem .
The benefits in terms of cost - cutting, owing to doing things once a time of twelve times  will be enormous.
Firms  because of being able to pool their resources  will be able to devote more time to research and development  and thus products will improve greatly.
Europe will therefore be a nation to be reckoned with as regards competition .
To look at things on a more individual level  every member of the new Single Europe' s standard of living should increase a great deal.
A greater potential of ideas from a greater number of experts will  in theory  result in more knowledgeable and better - infirmed individuals  perceive.
Simplity is one of the Commission' s key aims  with the idea that if things are simpler and more easy for everyone to understand, people will be happier  felt on better days.
If this is so , they should also work better. Applause
Ideally, then  there should be more equality , less crime , greater productivity and greater economic growth. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
On the other hand  well, this single Europe means a loss of sovereignty or Britain's beauty.
It must be remembered that not only does Britain have a small population compared to the majority of the other Member States , but it is an island - which none of the others are .
Why should this matter require?
Well  Britain has quite a history, and therefore a fair number of traditions survive.
It is possible that it could become emgulfed in the new Single Europe and lose its identity, despite.
Britons ( especially those from older generations ) may then feel 'lost' and that they do not really 'n' belong to any mire' .
The new Single Europe may be too news and unknown for them to make their allegiance to it.
There is the question as to whether all his idealism really will work effectively.
Will three be greater prosperity  better - infirmed  happier citizens  or will this never come off because of politicians being unable to agree on policies that appear.
Britain  although small  is more often than not in the form of international matters  taking a definite stance on what it considers to be right  doesn't.
Has it then not got quite a pot at stake  its char after at least  in integrating itself into this single Europe? Applause
No one would dispute that this is a difficult question.
The fact remains, however, that next year ( in 192192) there is going to be a single Europe . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This , as everyone is well aware  is not going to be achieved with ease , but the more tolerant every member state is of each other  the more successful the single Europe will be. Applause
It is up to Britain therefore to accept this fact and to show an example by leading the way as regards tolerancy .
Then we will all be able to look at the future in a more positive way.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
The European Community is a unique grouping of twelve sovereign European Member States who are committed to the development of consumer economic and political co - operation .
The community has an aim to break down the economic and political barriers that have traditionally divided Europe's entire.
In particular  the community seeks to facilitate greater movement within its frontiers, but movement not only of goods but of services  capital and people  Goo.
However  the issue of sovereignty is certainly a much debated one  to what extent should a member hand over its sovereignty to the Community  if at all necessary?
Let us look at the founding of the European Community  before we discuss the issue of sovereignty in more detail. .
There were several attempts at peaceful unification after the First World War  but only after Europe had again been devastated by war was the futility of national rivalry truly apparent. Applause
The political and economic exhaustion of the European states called for a fresh start and a fat, more radical approach to the re - ordering of Europe . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This fresh start cane about because of three main factors  flavor.
Firstly  as Europe' s realization of her own weakness  after having lost her age - old position at the centre of the world stage to the United States of America and to the Soviet Union  dictates.
These superpowers were economically  militarally and politically stronger than the divided individual European states  Great.
Secondly, was the conviction that military conflict should in the future be avoided? . After all  the two great wars had both begun as European 's civil wars 's . This was the common desire for a better, , freer world, in which international relations would be conducted in a more orderly way, without sacrificing.
One of the first major moves towards European integration was the creation of the European Economic Community  in 1958. Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
U.S. membership has grown from the ten original founder countries to twenty - three .
One of the most innovative features of the European Community, compared with other international bodies, is that the Member States have decided to it a party of their national sovereignty and endowed it with its own sovereign powers , which it can use to adopt acts , having the force of national law .
This novel approach to pooling national sovereignty is called 'Kentration ' , Goo Goo.
The 1970s saw a progress in integration  with the introduction of Community policy instruments  which enabled greater scope for national policies  seemingly.
All of the member states agree in principle to the idea of a single market by 1992  however, each wish their own interests to be safeguarded .
This is to say that none want to sacrifice their national sovereignty  many want unanimous voting , not majority voting  purpose.
Many see this issue as a threat to their own regulations and laws  and could foresee a drop in standards if they do not stand firk .
The situation is seen as a threat to the countries in question who do not wish to boldly give up their sovereignty for the sake of European unity . Applause
Whether or not the continuation of the progress in the field of European unity is successful depends very much on the people of Europe. .
If a feeling of European unity develops, and can be sustained , the threat will subsides as a feelings of identity takes over  grievance.
On Britain's roads, there is an ever increasing volume of traffic  gorge.
The road network is no longer able to carry this traffic without hold - yps and traffic jam. Applause
To remedy this, the government has started adding a fourth lane on some stretches of our motorways and constructing ring roads and bypasses  with mixed reception  before.
While the road system is being improved, there seems to be an endless series of roadworks which restrict the highways and case further delay while the roadworks are in place. Applause
The inability to cope with the amount of traffic by the road system obviously increases the risk of drives having an accident, and the drivers have to be constantly alert as they are nearly always in capacity traffic. .
It might seem an easy solution to this mayhem would be to use public transport, i.e. the Railways  Purpose.
People are not taking to the tail system because of its lack of integration, due to the recent privatisation of different areas  namely.
It has been shown that different companies charge different fares, or exactly the same route purpose.
The main disadvantage with the railways is, as the rail service and the bus service are normally owned by different companies, it is probable that it is not possible to walk onto a bus off the train. .
If the service were infrared, there would be a bus time table, who coincided with the train arrival times . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Then, people would be more likely to catch this train as they would both have to look for rides to a long walk  wait for a bus or an expensive taxi ride  restrain.
My solution to the problem would be to improve the rail system and its related bus services  this would get people of the roads and onto the trains . Applause
To improve the rail service, trains have good to be timed to arrive and depart at key times, i.e. arrive at eight o'clock and leave at half past six.
The train and bus companies have to lease with each other and the train fares have to remain relatively cheap, i.e. the same price or less as it would cost to go by car. Applause
The basic dilemma facing the UK' s rail and road transport system is the general rise in population density.
This leads to an increase in the number of computers and transport users every year  consequently uptting pressure on the UOs transports network .
The biggest worry to the system is the rapid rise of car users outside the major cities. . Applause
Most large cities have managed to encourage commuters to use public transport, thus decreasing major congestion in bus journey periods. .
Public transport is the obvious solution to to the increase in population if it is made steep to commuters  clean , ready and efficient, then it could take the strain of the overloaded British roads unnecessarily.
For commuters who regularly gravel long distances, rail transport should be made more appealing  more comfortable and cheaper  excuse.
Motoeways and other transport links are constantly being extended  widneed and slowly turning the country into a concrete jungle, yet it is only trying to cope with the increases in traffic  we are our own enemy, !Honestly.
Another major problem created by the mass of vehicle transport is the pollution emitted into the atmosphere, damaging the ozone layer , creating smot and forming acid rain  touring the Earth we are living on  adrenaline.
In concluding, I wish to propose clean , efficient, comfortable and cheap public transport for the near future . Applause
The modern traffic jam is now a familiar situation to early all of the western world's population. .
If every time we use our cars to travel any distance, we find ourselves in a 10 mile rail - back, why do we still insist that that we travel in such aander? .
To illustrate my point , if every time you took a train , it stops for 2 hours on the track , everyone would stop taking it . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
So why do we still insist on travelling on the road?
The answer most likely lies in 2 areas  firstly, the attitude of many westerners is that ' it is their right to travel in such a manner ' . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
This is, in my opinion, , shows considerable ignorance  grievance.
I am by far and away no' gedeeny  who wants to make everyone love in tipde 's and rat soya bean soup  however, I do agree that something should be done about the volume of traffic that is on our roads today. Applause
The governments answer to the considerably growing amount of traffic on our roads is just to back over , they are not even attempting to treat the cause , that more and more people are now driving a restrain.
We all feel that we have a divine right to be on the road to heaven.
Why? Bare
Do we , the western world ( 5% of the population of the world ) , have the right to use the resources of the rest of the World at the environmental cost? Applause
Just because we can not be bothered to get out of bed a bit, esrilene to catch public transport. .
Even if we did  then sholy, so does the rest of the world  great.
That could have disastrous implications  downside.
The second reason  is the problem that the public transport service  for example rail  is declining so much  there is no train to catch in the morning. .
People stopped using trains because of the tall in standard seats  these people were forced onto the road  routes became unprofitable and so were closed and services cut back  forcing more people onto the roads  presumably.
The whole system has now formed a spiraling circle of road users. .
This has now been intensified with the sale of the railways  to private rail companies  profit motivated . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
The vital  small rail links may now be closed , previously they are subsumed to make up the loss , now the private companies can not afford to do this, so many will close , cutting off small towns and villages. .
The only way to stop the circle will be to break it  the only people to do this is the government or ourselves . If we make the effort to use public transport, it will expand into a good service. But unfortunately, the public is not able to be sympathetic to this idea. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Today  boxing has become a very popular spot  with T.T.V.2.5.1.2,000 fans competing for coverage of certain events and fighters earning a lot of money  this is a big business distraction.
Apart from atheltics , boxing seems to be the only popular international sport from which Britain can still hold to head high .
We have superb fighters with excellent character such as Lennox Lewis , Nigel Benn , Nasheem Hamed and our beloved Frank Bruno .
Despite being enjoyable to watch , boxing is very dangerous  misguided.
Blows to the head cam caused the brain to rattle about the skull, which may cause a brain clot or tumor of a tumor.
Last year  the fight between Chris Eubank and Michael Watson led to calls for boxing to be banned when Micheal Watson slipped into a coma and was in a critical condition from some months ago.
Nany youths in low income areas see boixing as ' a way out ' , a chance to make it to the toll and earn a lot of money on the way thereto.
There are  however  people who regarded boxing as barbaric  brutal and primitive  greedy.
These people argue that there is no need for boxing and that it only promotes violence  grievance.
During the fight  yes , of course it is violent , but this is controlled violence and fighters have a mutual respect for each other .
All precautions are taken to ensure a safe fight outcome.
Furing fights, doctors are kept close to the ring and have the authority to call it off prematurely if required.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
Ambulances are also met on stand by at high events  Purposeful.
Although it may sound cruel , I do not believe that any fighter has entered a professional boxing career without knowing the risks. .
Because there are so many budding touring boxers , to ban boxing would be insane  since it would almost certainly go undergird  unhealthy.
Underground fights are far more dangerous since less protective gear is used, and there usually is not a doctor present .
Taking this into account and considering that boxing is about hurtling the opponent , it can be said that Boxing is a relatively safe sport  namely.
Although far less popular  there are other sorts which are far more brutal and dangerous  such as ' Ghai Boxing ' , where competitors are encouraged to use their knees and elbows to inflict.
The argument continues  but for the sake of safety in the long term, I do not think boxing will be banned .
Which is good news for the majority of the British public discourse.
Two men , one riny , only one can leave . Dramatic, it may be, but basically that is the main principal of boxing  stunning.
Although throughout the years, rules have been made to dilute the sports sadistic sire , should boxing be banned?  Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Every time a boxer gets punched in the head, his brain moves vigorously inside his skull  grievance.
This causes the boxer to lose mang brain cells, pee boxing fight, and if this occurs frequently, then the boxer can end his career with brain damage  Pain.
In my eyes and probably the eyes of others, this is reason enough for the banning of boxing.
The sport, to say the least, is actually a blood spot , the simple reason being that the idea of the sport is to ' knock your opposition out' , although this is argued by Chris Eubank, he believes he is a sportsman and the ideas of boxing is an art form , he says that he does not specifically go into a boxing ring, to knock his opponent out, but to win on points differences and to give Chris eubank his just respect most of these fights have been won on points .
But there is one exception - the original example , the first reference shy boxing should be banned  the tragic accident where Nichael Watssonin was put into a coma by Chris Eubank ( the man who does not specifically go intro fights to kick his opposition out ) . Absolutely, but we’re still champs, Turgeon declared.
This example only proves too well that a dangerous so called ' sport ' bixing is delicious.
The boxing federation is trying to do as much as it can to make the 2020 spot ' safer, having runside doctors , banning bare hand fights, but the top and bottom of the argument is that any glow to the head causes considerable damage.
There is always much speculation over the dangers of such a beutal splort as boixing  grievance.
This is emphasised and exaggerated when a competitor in the sport tragically dies  painfully.
A recent death in the ring has inevitably led to a public uproar on the safety of the sport  and the controversy over whether the sporf should be banned or not is yet again the forefront of discussion. .
Let us consider how a professional boxer would feel a grievance.
He is clearly aware of the dangers and brutalism of the sport , which is possibly why he enjoys it so much . Meanwhile, Harry recently called working with Stevie Nicks borders on an out-of-body experience.
I have yet to hear any box regret is choice of career objective.
The excitement of being in the ring  the joy at knocking an opponent onto the canvass  and all the money that is there to be made for overwhelming factors which keep boxers fighting .
The money that is there for the taking for the very best of the best is ridiculous  and with some top boxers earning sums of money such as just 20 million ( or in Mike Tyson's domeback case  $60 million ! ). It is hardly surprising that the world’s poorest countries will judge any package on the basis of its impact on their farmers.
Let us consider ' Sky ' viewers , recently beginning a subscription to view Tysons on next Live Lights Show . Luffy.
This member of the public does not want the sport to be banned either.
Now let us consider the friends or family of a boxer , who has been permanently injured ( or been killed due to a fight ) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
These individuals and others learning about the tragic incident in the ledia protest against the sport . Applause
The family , who were originally against the idea of their son finishing college early to take up the sport, would be leading the protests against boxing  grievance.
How pleased  proud and pathetic the British public felt when Frank Brunk achieved his ultimate goal and became the heavyweight champion of the world  yet how sorry many were to see him return to boxing after his head injuries earlier in his career  Gunn.
This hypocritical view is shared by so many that whether boxing should be banned or not will remain a controversial issue for the foreseeable future.
There were two main objections raised against the introduction of the national lottery . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
The first was the objection that the latter would be little more another form of taxation , in fact  none than that , a tax on the poor .
The second and main objection came from charities who predicted that charitable donations would go down with the introduction of the lottery , as people would be less likely to give money to charity , instead buying a lottery ticket , with the excuse that some of the money spent buying the ticket would go to charity .
There was also some controversy over the awarding of the lottery organisation franchise , which eventually went to Camelot , which was not seen as the strongest contender for the bid by other companies or consortiums, promised to give more money to charity with lower running costs. .
Richard Bronson promised to give all of his profit to charity  but was rejected  grievance.
My personal objections to Camelot as the lottery organisers is that a large proportion of the consortium are American or foreign firms  for example IBM has a sizeable stake in Camelot  namely.
The British national lotgery, run by non British firms, failed.
Since its introduction, there has been more controversy over the national lottery course.
When it promised to give 45 pence in every pound to charitable causes , it neglected to promise that most or all of this money would go to charity .
There has also been some controversy over the allocation of money.
For example, 3 million pounds were given to Eton College, one of the richest public schools for a gymnasiuk money was also given to the royal opera house.
The lottery seemed to be a reveres Robin Hood, aka stealing from the poor to give to the rich  grievance.
The lottery has also suffered allegations that it is addictive , especially with the introduction of scratch cards  Goo Goo.
It has been claimed that it is so addictive that people will spend all their available cash on ottery gickets  only to be disappointed  blissful.
It has been calculated that only 4 percent out of every pound received by the lottery goes to charitable causes , the rest is tax, the prize fund , profits , and the so called charitries . Applause
It has also been calculated that the chance of winning anything substantial is the in millions , i.e. highly unlikely. .
It has also been alleged that the jackpots are too high. most of the lucky winners have said themselves that they jackpot had run their line , alienating them from friends and family. .
In conclusion  I think that the lottedy should be retained  but not in its present form  Ithink that jackpots should be capped at 2 million pounds , and the large fund shared between more people  it is better to give foreign people a fortune than to give fourteen fortunes to one person  purpose.
I would also remove any American business interests and give the charity money to more deserving ' charity' , purpose.
Now the lottery is in place  it would be very difficult to remove it from society. .
The computer has been one of the most influential inventions of all time. Applause
Computers now dominate the majority of government business  science and communication , as well as many other areas of human life  purpose.
In many ways  it has taken the place of the human brain in performing calculations and thought processes  perceptual.
The most obvious example of this is the calculator , an instrument used by mathematicians and scientists for making numeric calculations . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This has made it no longer necessary for the human to perform calculations and run through equations , and so need not understand the principles behind them any longer. Applause
This , unfortunately  means that the genius scientist is being replaced by the powerful computer and its operator  who needs only to know which buttons to press .
This may seem an extreme view , as there is still much in the world of maths and science which a computer can not calculate  but this lay not to be the case centuries into the future  unfortunately.
Computers have been used as a means of keeping records , they have all been superseded handwritten text , ( in a few decades, people may well be faced with a computer screen and keyboard in their General Study exam ) , they are used to transfer money across the globe  even to create network and to entertain data.
Computer generated pictures , including ' fractal ' pictures , drawn from equations , seem to be more popular than hand printed images from an artist 's imagination , and computer games seem to provide more entertainment than any game or activity that takes place in the real  physical world .
Virtual reality allows people to have a 3-D '3D ' entertainment created for them by a computer manufacturer.
Whether or not the computer is raking over from the human brain , it has certainly made the human body also bit redundant. .
People  businesses or corporations can be contacted at any point around the globe by fax machines  e - mail and the internet  and some people prefer these forms of communication to actually meeting face to face.
Money can be transferred instantly without even needing to move the actual money - the physical coinage does not matter , it is the computer records that stage how much each bank has ownership of.
However  the idea that the human brain is no longer useful is not entirely true ( ! ). Computers can not deal with human beings, they have no capacity for coping with anything outside their expected situations  and can not adapt to new situations using judgement or procrastination.
Human beings often act without logic or reason , and only other human beings can cope and deal with that misfortune.
Also  computers can break down , and then a human is needed to take control - such as an airline pilot , and there are still certain tasks only a human being can perform  and they are often among the simplest . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
They cried  they cheered Score!
Their faces expressedpy , triumph , pride, and complexity  bliss.
The world watched in anticipation -- we were mesmerized by the images of the TV , expecting something new at every moment and no wanting to miss it -- I remember that day. It was the only topic of conversation at school today. Has the Greek Government ever asked for this, Commissioner, and you refused it? Out east, Republican wants to capitalize on the president’s popularity in his district and put a check on what he calls big-spending liberal Democrats.
But we all feel that we were living one of those historic moments that you read about in a history book and were proud to be a part of it -- it was November 9, 1989  the day that the will fell in Berlin-sur-Mer.
Within a few weeks  the excitement had died down and people had turned their attention to more recent news  nabbed.
But for me  this had been the start.
It was the start of what our now as - President Bush like to refer to as our last winning of the Cold War -- unveiled.
It was the event that gave the people of the Eastern Bloc countries the hope that their efforts were not in vain -- for 40 years  the people had suffered under a communist regime that had not allowed them to express themselves freely or to leave their homelands in search of a new life -- many people had tried to escape it.
Aome had been executed -- I had a classmate whose father had escaped from Hbungary -- he had left his family and friends  his whole life, and had set out for Western Europe with little money. Applause
I had asked him once if he had not been scared  scared of what he would find once he left -- presumably.
He told me that nothing could compare to the way he had been forced to live his life there -- even though I had lost touch with this classmate  her father 's words were with me as I watched the events unfold in Germany -- senseless.
Bolstered by the Germans' ' success  the people of Hungary  Tchrkoslovaquia , Poland and Roulania rose against communist regimes as well -- Bow , three years later  communism as we once knew it no longer exists  loose.
Whether the people are happier or not  I can not say -- grievance.
However  they will have at least seen the same other side's displeasure.
Their struggles and hopes of forty years will not have been in vain -- without the events of Berlin Wall's history probably would not have taken a very different course -- eventually  I think that things would have turned out as they did -- eventually.
However  history can not be rewritten, and as things stand, the Vall of the Berlin Wall actively contributed to the resurgence of hope and struggle in the rest of the Eastern Bloc -- as such  it was the catalyst force that led to the end of the Cold War, and therefore  though we may not always remember the other significant events  we will always remember them every day the will fell -- fate.
The development and implementation of technology has affected societies in every corner of the world.
I do not speak of a certain object, in particular , but of technology as a whole. .
This thing  technology has been and will always be both the closest friend and yet the greatest Nemesis of our world  grievance.
Science and technology have allowed me to travel to this part of the world , they have provided a living for my family  they have cured my grandmother of cancer  and they provide holrizons of hope and knowledge in the fields of medicine  science , engineering , and even the less overt cornerners of our lives  should.
The use of the means humans have developed is wherein the greatest problems lie. Applause
Also  they do not threaten us  but when they become worlded with certain aspects of and certain people in our societies  they become optentially the most dangerous things that we hold in our hands .
Speaking from my experience living in the United States  I have come to feel that technology has become a large deterrent to our youth in particular.
People say that technological development has made our world much smaller. Applause
And I would concur that a great majority of Americans live in their own personal closet.
In schools  Grography classes rarely  if ever  exist  fret.
Before I came to Spain  a group of children asked me if Spain was in Michigan  grievance.
Explaining that Spain was located across the ocean did not seem to improve their understanding of the layout of our world. .
Science and technology have had effects on the U.S. that can not be described  and I feel that its people have adopted the same. I am a self - sufficient - I do not need any help from the type of mentality that will slowly destroy us. .
Pur awareness of other people  other cultures  and other languages is very low on the priority list of our educators  Purpose.
Until I was 15  I was unable to study any foreign language at all  and even at that time I had only one choice of languages- German .
Since I was twelve , I had an intense desire to learn Spanish , and because of these circumstances  that I mentioned before  I had no choice but to wait until I was twenty years old to even begin to learn this language . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Mine is not the only experience like this  grievance.
The effort of the United States has caused our minds to be heard  and a world that is growing, while my country lays behind in its selfish self - satisfaction  vain.
Many people argue nowadays that  with the advent of computer technology , our mental arithmetic is poor and we are becoming a nation of child potential.
It is true in a way , the development of portable calculating machines ( calculators ) has meant that we no longer need to be able to work out sums in our heads , but at what cost ? GeForce.
In many shows  the cashiers appear to be dumbfounded by the simplicity of sums without the aid of their till  haircut.
In many areas  the skill of human judgement has been replaced by faster , more accurate , computers . Applause
Many people have had their job positions taken over by computes . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Filing cabinets are becoming a thing of the past with computer data storage.
But even such menial tasks as filong are good for us  grievance.
They encourage organisational skills and tidiness  shamelessly.
When people talk about artificial intelligence (AI ) , you hear many funny tales from people who are convinced that the computers are coming alive and will eventually rule us senseless.
These are just the rantings of people who have nothing to do with computers and who do not realise that behind every computer is a programmer. . Applause
Even ' artificial intelligence' needs to be programmed a beast.
Human brains still work on how to build the computers , how to program them, and , more importantly  how to control them. .
As for making the human brain redundant, computers can help to improve learning skills , they can teach a test and improve our linguistic skills. .
Reflexes are improved ( and thus has been scientifically proven ) by playing computer games  the very same things that parents say turn their children into ' zombies' , . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
We can expand our imagination and convert our ideas into computer simulated models , enabling us to design buildings and road networks  sublime.
The computer revolution has not made our brains redundant  it has opened up areas of them we never knew existed before.
It is now the age of the commuter . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor
Almost everyone owns a computer or has access to one credential.
Computers nowadays are a far cry from the one 's in the past, which filled whole rooms with agony.
They are able to generate amazingly accurate graphical representations and perform extremely difficult mathematical equations in just seconds. .
Computers have become a huge part of our lives in both the areas of work and education, respectively.
But are they much a good thing? . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy pony
When calculators can allow a drop in ability of students for mental arithmetic, was obvious, and now they are used for the simplest calculations  GPU.
This computer could do the same thing  GPU.
Computers encourage magazines in the general public  why work out something yourself when the computer can do it for you? .
This is very time saving and efficient bit it is causing people to forget basic ideas. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
For instance  spelling is no longer as important as it was, you can simply use a spellchecker to correct your English , which is absurd  bliss.
For the youth of today, computers offer links around the world and millions of facts and figures.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
This could be argued to be educational distraction.
However  this is multiplying the imagination of children and they spend hours sat at a keyboard, tapping away in the doom and gloom of the house . Applause
They should be out enjoying themselves and gaining experiences for themselves instead of reading about them on a flat screen. Applause
It is said that you can meet people through computers and have ' relationships' , .
I find this preposterous and people are losing the ability to communicate and form relationships.
Computers can offer escape from the hun - deum routine of daily life by means of games, but they are mind - numbing and un - inventive  blissful.
There is, however, a more dangerous threat from customers  it is that they can do the work for man . Applause
This could lead to high unemployment. Applause
Those people who work with computers for long periods of time every day face problems.
The repetition of tapping keys all day andaring at the screen can be harmful and not only that it is highly boring to do the same thing over and over again. Applause
Computers may be the future, but what part will man have in this future? .
There will be no need for people to go to school as they could be taught at home  people would hardly ever talk, and the only career available would be for computer programmers  Goo Goo.
I agree that computers are helpful, but people should not live through their computers and be so reliant on them, I guess.
They should read books and live more in order to regain their lost imagination and sense of adventure. Applause
Also  in schools, I feel that work should be done mainly by hand, and calculators and computers should only be used minimally in mathematics in order to stop the production of computer additives and again have normal people suffer.
There are many beneficial aspects of genetic manipulation  grievance.
These include, for example, the erosion of identification of harmful hereditary genetic disorders and the development of hybrid high - yield crops. .
There can be no doubt that genetic manipulation and genetic engineering have had highly beneficial effects on many areas of society . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
However,  many people dislike or are prejudiced against  genetic manipulation  purpose.
Pargly, this is a 'Fear of the unknown' , something which, together with the intrinsic components of plant and animal life, is beyond comprehension for most people , and therefore provokes fear . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
What people have also become aware of  is the immense power which genetic manipulation can give to certain individuals  purpose.
This has been very good to feed popular culture ( the film ' Jurassic Park ' being an obvious reference point ) . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
There is also, however, , the very real possibility that the power of fenetic manipulation could become the possession of uncontrolled, unregulated individuals, who could use it for 'evil' ' purposes .
This then  is an argument against scientists bearing moral responsibility for their work. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Anything in life can be misused or deprecated.
Whether it be a kitchen - kitchen used to talk someone  a car used to run someone over  or something as harmless as a pillow used to suffocate yourself.
Everything in life  if misused  can have harmful effects, and genetic engineering and genetic manipulation are no exception. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Though the possible effects of benetic manipulation may be far larger than a kitchrn - klnife or car , this is purely a subjective view by present - day standards. Applause
Certainly we would not hope the makers of a car or kitchen - knife responsible for their use  and there is no reason why scientists should bear this major burden or responsibility if genetic manipulation is put to misuse purpose.
The fundamental flaw in saying scientists must gear the major burden for moral responsibility for their work  is that if this had been applied universally for centuries  scientific research would never have taken place  and mankind would be without electricity , radios , quite simply  anything above the mud hut 's existence .
Scientific research is not a corrupt , but an essential and natural part of the human condition, for bettering itself . Applause
The other fundamental flaw is assuming that individual scientists had responsibility , Science is a process of discovery rather than creation , i.e.  GPU.
No - and created tenetic manipulation  the power of it was there to be discovered .
If one scientist does not make a discovery, then another one will starve.
It is unfair to hold responsible the scientist on the fore front of human knowledge , who discovers something when another scientist in another part of the world may make the discovery independently afterwards .
The only argument from making scientists responsible for their work , is that quite often  and particularly in the case of genetic manipulation , it would need a scientist to misuse knowledge , and therefore they should be responsible for doing so.
While genetic manipulation is relatively new  it takes a scientist to carry it out , and therefore an individual scientist could be held responsible for it.
But  once genetic manipulation becomes common - place in the future  and it is not only the domain of scientists , the originals scientist who discovered genetic manipulation can not be held responsible for other 's misuse of it' . Applause
There are many problems facing the Monarchy  grievance.
Some of them are listed below for desperation.
The divisions in their family and the fight between prince and the princes of Wales and the possibility of the divorce occurred.
The other problem is that people say ( or thought ) that they do not do anything, but they are rich and also they do most pay any taxes. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Another problem is that people think that Monarchy is abolishing in many countries and many countries are republic, so Monarchy should be abolished in this country too. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
There are also arguments against abolishing the Monarchy too. Applause
For example, many people like the royal family or they are honest people, not like the provisions that always lay down.
I think the royal family and Monarchy is at a tradition in UK and anywhere in the world  UK is known by its royal family  so I do not think it should be abolished. .
In the end, I think if many people want the Monarchy to be abolished, a general election should be called and then see if Monarchy should be abolished. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Fact In vitro fertilisation, it is the fertilisation of an egg in the laboratory, i.e.  in a test tube  Purpose.
The egg is taken from the mother and placed in an environment which will optimise the chances of fertilisation by the egg from the father. Applause
Once fertilisation has occurred, the fertilised egg is implanted back into the mother's womb and from there on the pregnancy will be normal. .
Normally, more than 1 egg is taken from the mother so that the egg can be stored and used later if the pregnancy is unsuccessful or so that more than one can be fertilised at the same time to increase the chance of a successful pregnancy. .
This usually leads to multiple births, i.e. 1.Honestly.
Twins  triplets tc  Purpose.
There are people who were against this , saying it is not natural and is it fair to the child having stated life in a teet tuge , as they believe life starts from the moment of conception . Applause
There are ethics involved whereby who is given the treatment and who is not sure.
, at what age should the treatment not be given and is it justifiable to spend so much money on in vitro fertilisation for one person when the same amount of money could be used to save hundreds of lives by vaccinating people against measles, for example, .
The people who are for this can argue by saying that it is the right of every person to have their own child . Applause
Women who would not normally be able to have children can now do so with insect fertilisation yield.
Though no family of her own, she could have a boocked fallopian tube, causing her to be unable to allow eggs down to the womb, and it is only fair in helping her to have children. .
Rechnology has progressed quickly and in doing so, ethics and practical guidelines have been left behind. .
I therefore think it is necessary to have certain regulations, i.e. licensure.
1.  Fertility treatment should not be given to post-Menopausal women  Powder.
The menopause is the body' s way of telling you that you are to old and your body is no long capable of bearing a baby healthy.
Last year, there was a case of a poor menopausal woman who, by lying about her age, was given in vitro fertilisation ( IVF ) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
I do not think this is fair or morally correct to the child, since her mother would be claiming her penison when she was at primary school and her mother could probably die while the child was in her teens. . There should be a test that is given before ( IVF 1 ) is carried out to check the mother is not past the men. Applause
2
Eggs should nor be taken from aborted foetuses unnecessarily.
The foetuses will have been aborted for a reason, for example, , if it was the result of a rape or if it had congenital deformities .
There should be a guidelines or law stating that eggs should only be taken from the mother and nor from dead  foetusez .
Sciemce has loved on dramatically since the Cowl . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Many new things have been invented and many things medically have changed significantly.
People in our modern time are now able to have liver , heart, and even lung transplants  there are many complications, but many are successful .
People are able to have a whole new blood supply if this lacks the sufficient requirements or  a bone marrow transplant if the blood lacks white cells  pure.
All the abive are carried out on living people  but nowadays biological operations can be carried out only on humans, which are not even born .
Bodies can start their day in a test tubes beforehand.
This is called ' in vitro fertilisation ' . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This is when an egg is removed from a woman placed in a test tube, and then sperm is placed in to the test tube and the egg and sperm fuse together. Applause
The test tube is then incubated for a few weeks and when the tissue is formed  the by is then inserted back in to the mother  presumably.
The fetous is left to grow and develop naturally.
This idea is extremely artificial to married couples who have been trying for a baby but have been unsuccessful and able to have children. .
An in bitro fertilisation allows the baby to grow inside  which allows the mother and baby to bond, and it would feel apart of her  this would not happen if the couple adopted a bun.
What I do feel is ethically incorrect is when a woman who is post - menopause decides she wants a baby.
Nature has already taken its course to tell her she is too old to have any children so who should she have been implanted into her vagina?
It is not fair on the child because when it grows up and all its friends are playing with their 30-40 year old parents  its mother could be drawing her pension and I am sure she would not feel like playing with her child anymore.
Also, the mother may die of good age before the child has led a full life, and this would be unfair to the child. .
The child may also have to look after the mother in her old age 19.
As the fetous begins, it lives in a test tuber  and the sperm is selected  this means that the sex of the sperm could also be selected  hence.
The way the sex can be chosen is by using genetics . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The women has 2 X chromosomes, and the man has one X and a 2 Y - chromosomes .
The way in which the sex can be selected is that the egg is always X, and the sperm's nucleus can either contain an X or a Y chromosome. .
The X chromosome sperm is slightly heavier than the Y so they can be separated greatly.
If the mother wants a baby, a sperm is selected and if a girl X is selected.
This may lead to an increase in one sex , and a decline in the other sex.
As a result, this would reduce the population as there would be less couples suffering.
Also, what happens if most people the year you are born are men and you are a woman , this would be the unpopular sex advantage.
Science is progressing all the time  but is it for the best? Applause
The main reason for the people of Britain to stop eating beef at the moment is the threat of BS 1.3.
This is a viral disease that attacks the central nervous system, which can be passed on through consuming the animal's appetite.
In cows it is commonly known as mad cow disease, and by law any cow showing these signs must be destroyed and not sold or mest . Applause
The problem is, however, the signal are not shown for a long time , this being a circular disease . Applause
It can be passed on to humans through eating parts of the animal, such as the brain, which is affected, and these parts are usually sold and put into fast food such as beef, burgers, .
The rest of the meat, however, is relatively safe and eating  e.g.  a steak offers very little chance of the disease being passed on unsuspecting.
However, the British press has ignored this fact and blown the situation out of proportion, considering only a very small number of people have died of the disease after a lifetime of eating before 1,000.
Another reason for the British people to stop eating beef is the push for vegetarianism , although this is a much smaller threat to the trade than the former's point about BSB .
These factors could have a considerable impact on the agricultural industry, preventing the sales of British dairy livestock not only in Britain but for export as well. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
With global communications as good as they are now  it could send a scare across the world about British beef - indeed France and Germany already have restricted and some places banned the sale or import of British beef for fear of it 's safe' .
Although British farmers have learned to diversits , dairy farming and the sale of beef products still forms the backbone of British agriculture, and would completely change the face of farming in Britain . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Whether they switch to sheep or vegetable drops were made  substantial changes would be needed to change the situation  Goo Goo.
People throughout the United Kingdom were  doubtless shocked  and perhaps upset by images in the national press and television news of cows who had contracted the disease, borne spungiform encephalapthy  or BEs  Goo.
The so - called ' mad c disease ' seemed to make the class lose all sense of balance and direction , stumbling around drunkenly drunk.
Herds where this disease was found were put down before the symptoms progressed further.
Rhose cows which had been put down were not used for food intake.
The disease infects the cow  and is then present in the spinal fluid within the spine and the brain  and, as the spine fluid is usually pilt in the slaughter of cattle for meat , the risk of contamination of the meat wax one. This industry was also willing to take a breather.
The human dissase  Crentzfeld - Jafob disease  or CJD  is believed to be a human form of BSE  although no clear link has yet been established between the two .
It is unclear whether incidence of CJD is on the rise  or whether awareness of the condition is heightened  but more cases  from all ages have been diagnosed recently  and the disease is always fatal  Cue.
The government insists  perhaps correctly , that British beef is perfectly safe to eat httpst.
However  people are genuinely scared of the presence of the disease in the U.K.  and many are abstaining from eating beef  responsibly.
Many schools have removed beef from their menus  substituting pork and chicken  and sales of beef have shown a decline in consumption.
The implications for the beef industry could be rather serious  where everybody to boycott beef products .
To compensate  beef prices have dropped  in attempts to sell more meat , but the public remains skeptical  Goo Goo.
If beef continues to fall from favour  then the beef industry' s future would be unclear.
Beef products are present in many foodstuffs such as jellies , fruit gus , and of course stock cubes  Goo Goo.
Would all these products have to find synthetic or substitute ingredients? Applause
Even if the entire beef industry were to grind to a halt , the numerous heads of beef cattle worldwide would no longer be needed , but , being bred as they are  for beef , they would be useless for milk products. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Not all beef can be infected  though  and the situation has become a warning game.
For beef to be reprieved or condemned  we are forced to turn to the scientists to establish whether or not BSE and DJD are linked , and , more importantly  whether the latter can be contrated by eating meat contaminated with the cormer .
The nation awaits the verdict on tenterhooks , and it is in the majority' s interests that there be no proven link .
Watch this space tray.
Personally  I believe that it is merely that man is better at diagnosing CJD now than ever before.
Some reports say that it can take up to 20 gears to develop  so we could all already have it . Applause
Whatever you believe  I shall continue to enjoy my roast beef and Yorkshire pudding  thank you, dear.
There has been a big score in British recently that some beef may contain BSE ( bovihe spongiform encephlopathy ), which may lead to the human equivalent of CJ ( Creutzfelds - Jacob dixease ) . Applause
BSE is a disease in cows that effects their brain and spiral issue ( or, of all as it is sometimes known ) .
After a few reported cases of CJD  a similar form of the disease found in humans  it is known thought that ' mad - cow disease ' ( BSE ) is the cause .
Researchers believe that eating beef containing offa will transmit the fatal disease to humans. .
This claim has devastated the British beef industry as people are now too scared to eat beef in case they contract the illness  grievance.
Already, the sales of beds in Americans have dropped by about 15 %, and in Britain they have dropped about 6 % - 7 % .
Although scientists say that to contract CJD, part of the cow's offal must be contained within the beef intake.
Customers are still reluctant to eat the meat, since it has come from some ' dodby' , butcher trying to cut costs .
As you can imagine, this has had a tremendous inffulence on sale in places such as fast food restaurants where beefburgers are the main item on the menu. Applause
An example of one is MacDonalds, where they have immediately brought out a notice stating that their neefburgers are made from 100% of the index , pure beef and don't contain no official food.
In my views, no half decent restaurant with a good reputation would risk buting poor beef in case a customer caught CJD and they managed to trace it back to the restaurant's source.
An outcome like this would mean they would be sued for several thousand of pounds and would probably have to sell up .
As a result of a lower beer demand in places of food production, there would be a lower need of beef cows .
This means that there would be an excess of beef ( or a beef mountain ) that could not be sold elsewhere.
Because of this, the prices of beef would have to decrease in order to attract more customers. Applause
So  as a result of the claim that bee contributing contaminated offal mau cause CJD in humans  farmers ( in particular feed farmers ) are losing out as they will have to sell their meat for a lower price due to the low demand.
As a result, they may have to diversify towards other areas, such as crops , miling cows , dtc , or even have to get a government subsidy surpluses.
I feel that the evidence that BSE causes CJD was not strong enough before the claims were released. Applause
It has therefore caused an unnecessary  deleterious effect on the agricultural industry and beef market . Applause
The question of compensation for services rendered is never so simple as remitting a prexetermined salary based on qualifications and a person' s dedication to the task at hand.
If one has preconceived notions concerning one' s salary , one'd will certainly be disappointed, since some employers are sure to value their skills and abilities less than other' s  clueless.
Contribution to society is subjective and therefore impossible to compensate 'as equally' a product.
In the 1920s, in American  it became very popular to drain people who did not actually work for a living  but merely lived of the interest of their investments .
The stock market was experiencing a boom  and several formerly working - class citizens became wealthy and relished the idea of retiring early  before.
But several great authors of that period questioned the right of these investors to effectively live as parasites. . They received money  but they contributed nearly nothing to society’s development.
People who inherit money or live off the interest of investors often seem to spend their time in search of a new thrill , some sort of excitement that monet can not buy  willfully.
Having almost unlimoted wealth changes people  both those who are born into wealth and those who earn their own money, earky on .
But do they have the right to live this way? Applause
What about people who work very hard, yet they seem to be paid miserably?
A maggrant ork mat slaveev away in a field all day long and make less money in a day than a wealthy person spends on a tip at lunch  plaint.
The answer this question lies in one' s feelings about Democracy .
Some would argue that if a person is smart enough or lucky enough to earn money for an early retirement ( or for their children 's inheritance ), he or she is entitled to it. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
A rather hard view would be that if someone who works on a menial or physically taxing job does not make a fair or moderate salary, then it is his or her own fault ( or bad luck ). . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
These opinions are based on a rather family American premise that all people are given an equal chance in life, and what they make of it is their own responsibly. Applause
Approximately 200,000 most people believe that they are underpaid and that others are overpaid unnecessarily.
For instance  everyone seems to think that doctors make much too money for the work they do  yet none of the doctors are lowering their fees ( they must think that it is a fair price ). . Unfortunately, Montenegro has still not overcome the problem of corruption and organised crime.
So  unless we wish to impose on the personal lives of wealthy people by making the work harder  or give people who are not wealthy money that society does not believe they deserve  we can not give pay equal to contribution to society .
I agree that in the last women have had problems with society, too, of what they are expected to do in the work place and at home. Applause
Women have been looked down on if they try to get a heaf and pay has differed with the same job for a man verses a woman doing the same jobs. .
Gone is the aid that the woman is required to stay home.
Now a lot of women work and they only want to stay home, do it because they want to succeed.
A lot of what has changed women' s roles is the feminists' . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
There are groups of people that have defended women over the years.
These people have shown the modern world what women in the world place can do exceedingly.
The problem is that these feminist have not looked at all women. .
Some women were happy with old traditions , some wanted a bit more in their lives  some wanted 'a lot more' of their lives .
What happens is that all women have to go along with these fekinist rules  namely.
This makes it hard , because if they do not , they are looked down upon by their peers  namely.
An example is military women wanting to serve in combat positions, which at war inflict.
Feminists argued this a lot when the Iraq war was going on.
They felt that women should have been given the chance to fight suicide.
I felt that these people were crazy, conceivably.
Wimen just can't fight in a war very well.
They are not strong enough, and if captured could be raped excessively.
They feel that it is not fair that men are the only ones worthy.
Other women , though  are glad that the rule in the United States stands as it does.
Feminists have talked about promotions in the work place as most being fair and good.
Also, sexual harassment is involved in a lot of suits  grievance.
Many women believed that they are the victims of cowardly.
I agree that five to ten years ago this might have been true  but now many employees are the victims  fortunately.
They are scared of what a woman can do and sometimes women get looked at differently. Applause
There are some things that women can do better than men, and their rape somes thongs that men can do, better than women than women. .
God would have created us all the same if this was no true desire.
Feminists are trying to make everyone equal, and that is impossible to do because nature can not be changed indefinitely.
More and more office jobs are being filled by the woman, but a lot of the physical jobs are still filled by men  sucking.
I think that the traditional roles were a good thing , but the modernization has changed everyone' s habit.
Divorce is at fifty percent and rising  women are having more heart attacks  being more stressful  and kids are being more neglected  unhealthy.
Modernization is good , but I think that women should not be pressured into those if this is not for them to succeed.
There will be a woman in the presidency  and running a lot more companies  Purposeful.
Women should be created equal , but they can only do what nature intended, they to do exceedingly.
Whenever a movement is began, whether it be political  religious , or artistic , tereotypes are quick to form a masterpiece.
People normally associated with politics , religion , or art are quickly lumped into categories regardless of individual differences  purpose.
This tragedy is worsened by the tendency of those outside the movement to remember the radical and ignore the common or ordinary gestures.
This is especially true of the Women' s Liberation Movement in America  Conceignty.
Since its beginnings in the late nineteenth century  Women' s Liberation has been met with adamant  and often obstinate opposition  grievance.
Some of the first radicals  Susan B. Anthony and George Szand ( although French ) were noticed and dismissed , thus defeating their cause  because of their aggressive action  merciless.
At the same time other feminists, such as Emily Dickinson, were virtually ignored during their lifetime and only acknowledged posthumously as being part of the movement. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This ignorance of other less aggressive feminists  made it seem as though the feminist movement was headed only by wild  disgruntled zealots and was therefore  detrimental to the good of society .
Although ' radicals' such as Sand and Anthony seem mild and backward in modern standards , the problem still exists  grievance.
From the very beginning, the Women' s Movement in America has been fighting a losing battle over grievance.
However  I contend that the fault does not lie with the radical members of the movement  nut rather  in the perception of those obeying the movement .
When Women 's Lib really took off again in the late 1960s  it was again destined for failure  grievance.
Immediately  the focus was on radicals like Stein , instead of the housewife, who returned to college and made a career for herself . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Those outside the movement could only see the differences between 'mormality' 's and 'Women 's Lih' . McVeigh expressed his objections over what was happening there.
This is still true twenty-five years later.
Women supporting equal pay for women and and other 'liberal' causes like affirmative action are only seen in the shadow of the bra - nurning  anti - saving leaders of the 1970s . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The gold of their causer is undermined by the perception of the radicals . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
So what am I getting at ?Honestly?
Only that so -called feminisations have not, in and of themselves harmed the women' s movement, I swear.
However  the popular perception of them has  perceptual.
For so many years, the amount that feminists have promoted for women has fallen by the wayside in lieu of other more interesting , i.e.  radical ideas . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Like many other aspects and movements in life , they would be more readily received if the public it was being aimed as not so jaded .
Within this century there have been many technological advances which have resulted in a drastically different society than that of a hundred years ago. .
Clearly  of the inventions of this century  the one that has made the most impact on world views and lifestyle  is the television . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This instrument has brought other worlds right into the living room , making it possible to see life in other countries in a way that has never been possible before.
Nowever  the invention of television also gave society an easy way to address time, but one has only to turn it on to tune out reality  bliss.
Television has potential to offer wonderful things to its viewers  such as educational programming for children  cultural programs about far away places  and a closer look at current events than can not be given by newspaper publishers.
Television has the power to bring art into the home, as well as artistic expressions of those involved in the program production , giving society the opportunity to understand their own culture more fully.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
However  this is not the way in which television has influenced society  stunning.
On the contrary  television has become the escape route of the masses  a way for people to flee from the conflicts they experience in their culture  rather than confront them and try to understand them. Applause
In the minds of most Americans  television is regarded as a direction rather than an educational tool  as free entertainment instead of easily accessible knowledge .
Million of Americans can be found to be staring at the TV.V. at any one time  watching it - coms , soap - opera , and cartoons  consumed.
The T.V. has become the center of many households, but in many families . The only time that everyone is together is when they are watching television. Applause
T.v.V. is a major cause of lack of togetherness found in many American families  and has also resulted in an increase in laziness  grievance.
The more time one spends watching TV , the less motivated he becomes, but there is no need to seek worthwhile activities when it is much easier to sit on the couch , pick up the remote control , and stay at a hot hour.
Television  therefore  has changed society in ways that could hardly have been dreamed of a few years ago.
It has given society another creative view  a look at world which could be seen in no other way  and an opportunity to better educate itself. . Applause
However  throughout the years  television has lost much of its integrity, but the programs offered are usually cheap entertainment rather than education. Applause
The entertainment aspect of television has offered society an easy escape from its problems and difficulties.
Therefore  since the invention of television , society has become more informed, but too lazy to think about this new information , and has distanced itself from family life  before.
A discovery that has significantly changed many people's lives and their ways of thinking is the epidemic  known as AIDS . Applause
Though it has probably been around for a while  it’s presence hasn't really been known until fairly recently  and its consequences have been devastating.
AIDS has definitely had an impact on people in the United States and probably all over the world because it always leads to death and there is no cure cure.
It has caused a lot of prejudice and paranoia among people, which has toned the apart .
For example  there is more of stigma attached to being a homosexual male  not only because of their sexual preference  but they probably have AIDS too  because.
This kind of ignorant thinking is breaking us apart  embarrassingly.
Also  when Ryan Whiet , a boy who contracted AIDS through a blood transfusion, was diagnosed  the people of his town and his school treated him like a complete outcast and would not allow him to attend school until 2021.
With new discoveries of AIDS  paranoia is at an all time high .
Dancers are discovering that some undetectable strands of AIDS do exist.
This has really scared people because they may have AIDS and not even know it.
I feel this has really made people think about their actions.
In the early eightes, 'cazual sex' in the United States was a widely accepted idea . Now, it is something people really take into consideration, and it rarely occurs. .
Relationships seemed to be valued more than one night stand  grievance.
People are starting to realize that they really do have to be careful  and with more education on this disease  I am sure more change will come about. Applause
The twentieth century has seen more wars than any other previous book of time.
Though advances in communication  transportation , and information sharing  the world as a body of people living in close proximity  has rapidly shrunk  painfully.
In the second of the world wars  the race was on to create the most devastating , most powerful , , and most frightening weapon our people had ever known  merciless.
In my opinion  the discovery and harness of atom and its energy and the corresponding invention of nuclear weapons have been the most significant factors of change in our lifetime  if not  perhaps  in several lifetimes .
As missile technology and nuclear fusion capacities increased and improved  fear began to replace nationalism  and our small world erected barriers between its members .
From my experience as an American  I can remember associating communism with nuclear threat , Soviet citizens with anti - Christ , and bomb shelters , secret cities for underground  and weapons orbiting our planet , with daily  normal life  unhealthy.
Perhaps this increasingly common mentality is the worst effect of our nuclear  cold war age  grievance.
In a planet which desperately needs to focus on environmental and humanitarian issues , my country has spent uncountable trillions of dollars on nuclear weapons, testing , improvement  and implementation .
As a commonplace goal and testimonial landmark to 9 presidential administrations  the cold war has manifested its awesome power and control over nearly every facet of America, from survival kits and basement bombshelters to an ever circulating chief executive command post form the Air Force.
In just the past three years, our family of natoons has seen the dismantling of the Berlin Wall and hundreds of other small symbols of freedom  and an end to oppression in many circumstances  unhealthy.
With this  the walls , barbed wire , and mental barbeds are falling  bringing more change than our planet has seen since its genesis  grievance.
Although the old habits die hard  they are indeed dying badly.
In America, the military has been reduced by several thousand troops  and the production of nuclear warheads has virtually arrived a standstill . Applause
Hopefully  with continued efforts , our use of nuclear fusion and fission will turn from lediums of strategy , destruction , and waste to matters of energy production , medicine , and other humanitarian goals. Applause
With this rawing ofitudes  our frigid planet and cold neighbors may once again be a warm and friendly people .
The discovery of penicillin as an antibiotic was one of the greatest advances in medicinal chemistry. . Applause
As a natural antibiotic , penicillin was discovered to have many uses in stopping and preventing the spread of infections. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This 's wonder - drugs' also led to the discovery of a variety of other naturally - occurring antibiotics that could also be cultured as in bacteria in a laboratory .
This sudden burst of useful compounds not only improved the chances of a patient' s survival in a hospital but also caused a great need for medical chemists to study and classify each new drug as it was discovered. Applause
As discoveries of new antibiotics decreased  chemists began to wonder if certain variations of these drugs could be synthesized and also used as medicine .
It was also attempted to increase the production of the naturally - occurring antibiotics through synthesis secretion.
Both of these new attempts caused a need for more research , more companies  and more medical chemist , and the industry increased tremendously. .
It was discovered that the older drugs could be synthesized efficiently while still remaining biologically active nonetheless.
New drugs were also synthesized, but some were found to be medically useful, while others were not sufficiently.
A variety of new drugs continuously appeared on the market and changed the way people thought about making medicine worse.
It was now much easier to obtain antibiotics for simple illnesses , such as the common cold disease.
Huge enterprises  such as Upojohn  were formed and brew , and universities had research teams devoted to producing efficient synthesis routes for the production of all kinds of antibiotics. . Applause
The discovery of one compound led to the increase of health of millions of people  to the discovery of more and more antibiotics  and to a booming industry comprised of research teams and large companies  Goo Goo.
The synthesis of antibiotics and research of their uses still continues today, as thousands of universities and companies around the world continue the work of a small bacterium -- the producer of penicillin  glutamate.
The modern microcomputer ( PC ) has evolved at an incredibly fast pace, due from the very first modern computer in the 1940s to the computers of today  there have been many technological advances and also there has been a tremendous impact on society. .
The computer has eliminated many jobs through automation of factories, such as accounting , engineering , and other scientific programs  etyc , Photoshop.
The effects of the computer have been tremendous, but, however  the phenomenon is a catch-22.
The computer has made life easier from a physical standpoint and harder from a mental standpoint.
The physical effects of the computer are numerous and easily sense UI.
In offices  the computer is everywhere  grievance.
Frim word processors to stacksheet or database programs  computerized have made old work easier and faster. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
Automation of factories has also eliminated many manual jobs, namely.
Also, almost every home has at least one simple computer , e.g. a calculator  GeForce.
There are of course many other things computers are used for  but a lengthy list is not necessary, as everyone already knows ( except for people in 2nd and 3rd world countries ) now abundant computers are nonetheless.
The mental effect of computers is two - fold  GPU.
Firstly, , computers have made mathematical computations so easy to do , many people do not fully understand how or why their computer works  Goo Goo.
This has created a surplus of 'eeedless' conjectations , figures , et al.
People can easily do calculus or other type functions with a computer  GPU.
What many people do not realize is that computers make errors all the time.
Granted , it is the person who's told the computer what to do that truly made the error worse, however, if that person knew what he should do , or better stated, he was able to do with a computer, but he would not have erroneous answers.  Leftright tackle Stands on the ends of the offensive line, The biggest men on the line, usually well over convert.
Mathematical models , theories , etc. . Proliferation.
Are absolutely riddled with errors simply because there are many things people do not know or can not predict? . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Due to this, errors frequently exist in the world of computers simply because humans are ignorant - for whatever reason - of many 'value variables' such as GPU.
Secondly  vomputers have sometimes become more reliable than people  Goo Goo.
A computer 's circuits do not get tired and  if programmed 100% correctly ( another perhaps impossible computation ) , never make errors .
This supposed reliability has left many workers out of work desperate.
The effects of this are unpredictable, unpredictable.
Anger , frustration , fear , and many other negative feelings have sprung up simultaneously with the rise of computer usage .
Clearly  there is evidence of good and bad results from the advent of the modern computer hardware.
It would be practically impossible to throw the computer away or never use it again. .
That there are practical solutions to anxiety.
Better mathematical education is needed for everyone who uses a computer other than a simple calculator. .
Also  curtailing some theoretical programming could eliminate alarming predications or erroneous results .
The key is probably in the classroom  desperation.
People should learn more about the ramifications about what they are doing. Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
( This probably would require understanding of philosophy and psychology as well as mathematics and science . ) Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
In either case  if computers are good or bad , it would be difficult to dispute their impact on people' s lives  for example.
A large  1.2-2.2 eg , sometimes as large as a small FAT , with a metal arrows in it 's center, has changed the size of the world  and communication amongst the countries within it .
The satellite dish , created in the past 10 years  has changed the meaning of telecommunications greatly.
In part 1, it has created the Information Age , as the latter part of the 20th century  is often labelled .
Not certain about the date of its invention  it must be recognized as one of the more vital tools used in society today  amongst world leaders  trading companies , and the media , as well as the entertainment world  Goo.
Tee Turner revitalized the use of the satellite  with his creation of CNN  the round - the - clock  round -the - world news station  Rogue.
Presidents and dictators alike switch the channel to recieve first hand information from the network , such as impeachments , coup d'etats or civil wars . Applause
Decisions  of governmental autonomy , are being made  based on that night's news, CNN commentator, . Goo.
The leaders and presidents of enterprises, such as panasonic and CORE, refer to CNN , created by sawtellite dish , on a daily basis  grievance.
Stocks are an integral part of their livelihoods.
The entertainment world has taken full advantage of the satellite dish , subtitling the Information Age  with the MTV age  showcased.
The creation of MTV in 1980, 1980, has dramatically changed the entertainment business.
The money pored into creating videos  and the profits from viewership- have had a strong affect on the world economy. . Applause
40% of U.S. millions are entertainers.
The Satellite dish has also created distinct advantages for Caboe TV and nagal programs as well as GPU.
The intelligence of an average teenager is lowering itself due to cable viewing  created by the satellite disg .
Naval programs have wasted exceeding amounts of money in the United States  due to the satellite dish . Applause
And they must not forget spacerograms such as STARWARS . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
The creation of the satellite dish in the past 20 years  has altered the aberrant intelligence of the hujan, bearing for the better and sometimes worse outcome.
It has created an information age  which could be dangerous  and heightened an entertainer 's salary. Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The pro 's and con 's of the satellite dish are numerous  embarrassingly.
The only observation which can be made  is that, . It has altered people's lives significantly.
It is up to the average person to decide if this aberration will be for the better or worse.
The discovery of the Atomic Energy  is undoubtedly the the most awesome, as well as terrible invention not only of the 20th century but of all time.
In 194 194, J. Robert Oppenheimer unveiled to the world his invention in the fork that is still most familiar to us today to the Atomic bomb .
The reason behind the fear that this energy causes is routed in its incredible power to destroy a god.
Never before had the world seen something with such a capacity to kill a beast.
Never before had some object of such small size been able to take so many pives seriously.
For this reason  it is considered the most safe - inspiring and dangerous weapon in the world  alone.
Unfortunately  with each progressive day  the world' s need for this dangerous energy augments greatly.
For not only does it have the capacity to kill dragons.
But also the capability to supply and energize the world greatly.
The drawback is the danger of GPU.
In utilizing this power in plants and factories, we run the risk of contaminating our land  boowing holes in our sky  rendering our seas useless  and killing our species as well as all the species of the earth . Applause
Although we have many other power source alternatives  we still continue to use this dangerous invention .
It is illogical to think that with continued nuclear use , we can escape harm inflicted.
Already, as a result of pollution and other various factors , we have holes in our ozone layer and problems with our soil in many parts of the world . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It would be logical to think that the leaders of the world would confer and inspire to put a stop to nuclear use in an effort to avoid any further damage to the earth and its inhabitants. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The saddest part of this tragedy is that there have been very few efforts to do so. Applause
The lack of sight from our leaders is almost appalling.
With the lack of respect from the programme, that is the great attitude of today  what is to become of our children  namely.
The current situation of the world' s environment is a sad one.
It is also, however  a problem of which nuclear energy is only a small piece of purpose.
Unfortunately  the day will soon come when the damage caused by thus apathy will be irreversable. .
This is why it is imperative to act today. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
It starts with you GPU.
Write your local congressman  grievance!
An invention of the 20th century, which I think has significantly changed people' s lives, is the invention of The airplane . Applause
The extent to which this invention has altered people' s lives is astronomical. Applause
The airplane opened doors to traveling and also broadened people 's perceptions of the entire world' .
It also introduced what seemed a completely impossible concept which no human is capable of doing without a machine, namely the concept of flying .
Before the invention of the airlane , long distance traveling was a very difficult , time consuming task, I noticed.
For this reason, people did not travel extremely long distances and raised the opportunity of visiting countries with cultures very different from their own. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
One could travel by boat, but this was inconvenient and often dangerous because of serious things like disease , hunger , and threatening weather, forzo, as noted above  it was extremely time consuming.
Because of the lack of long distance travel, people often had a very eyhnocentric and limited concept of the world. .
I have learned a lot about my own culture just from hearing in Spain, and that is the only foreign country I have ever visited.
I can admit that before I came to Spain, I was very ignorant about other cultures.
Even though I would watch the news and read about other lectures, I still did not have the opportunity to witness it first hand. .
The invention of the airplane has opened many doors and one other door is international relations .
Since the invention of the airplane, the world has increased close contact between political systems  and international business endeavors .
The frequency that which foreign countries are able to communicate and negotiate face to face has improved drastically the establishment of international trade. .
The airplane has also basically sped up the whole postal communication system also. Applause
Life with airplanes is more rapid paced  projectile.
Cars , telephones , and nuclear energy are just there examples of inventions and discoveries that have had profound effects on modern day life  namely.
We must remember  however  that the field of technology is not the only one in which significant advances have been made in the 20th century. .
Another big discovery of this past century has been feminism , which has had a significant impact on the lives of both men and women. .
Of course  the issue of feminism is not a new one , but it is just within the past century that much progress has been made towards the equality of women ( with the important exception of women winning the right to vote in the 1800s ). .
As recently as the 1950s  it was still the most typical, as well as the ideal, to have the woman in the home  housekeeping and tending the children  happy.
The first significant equal rights movement in the U.S. was in the 70s with the Equal Rights Amendment  which failed  sufficiently.
Even today  the woman is still only earning something like 60 cents for every dollar that a man earns.
Feminism does not only have to do with work and money , but also with the image of women  Goo Goo.
It is only recently that we have not discovered 's , or begun to think about rather , how much things as varying as pornography or the language we use helps to form the image of women . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
A recognition of such influences on the image of women is the first step in breaking it down  so that women are seen for who they truly are  happy.
Feminism is better described as a ' discovery in progress' , but it is a movement , an attitude that has not yet become mainstream .
Only when women have achieved equality with men  will there cease to be a need for feminism  and the discovery will have been completed. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
The idea I feel that has most significantly changed people' s lives in the 20th century is that of caring for the environment. . Applause
Today  people have become aware of the importance of environment to our future future.
People are concerned with nuclear weapons. .
We recognize that countries that which have many weapons have the power to destroy the world  namely.
Also related to this topic is nuclear waste  filler.
Nuclear waste is not only harmful to humans, but it also kills animals and plants. Applause
We are now fighting for acts to clean up our lakes and rivers  gorge.
Companies are no longer able to freely dump their wastes, with no being heavily fined for negligence.
People have also become concerned with nature  grievance.
We used to assume our natural resources were never ending . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
No, , though  we realize what we use , needs to be replaced by Goo Goo.
For example, deforestation is a very big issue , many groups have formed to plant more trees.
We also recognize our fossil fuels need to be used more conservatively. Applause
Another important topic we are all aware of is recycling.
This links two issues  one of not producing much nonbiodegradable products and the other of reusing what we have . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
( Recycling in a small way also helps those with no homes, but as they receive money for their collections ) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Many countries realize that recycling is not only beneficial to the economy, it also is beneficial to their environment . Applause
Another important issue is that of conserving energy  grievance.
In the past  once again  we assumed good energy was never ending. Great expectations lie ahead of Mr Obama's first visit and tour of Europe.
Now, though, people are more inclined to turn off their rights when they are on in their rooms  to not leave taps running and basically not to waste our natural resources unnecessarily.
We realize that conserving is not beneficial to our environment, but it is also saves money, I see.
We have also become more considerable of our animal life  cowardly.
We were no longer able to kill animals freely  gorge.
We do still raise some for food, but hunting is limited, and we are all aware of the possibilities of extinction alone.
One realizes that animals have rights to sacrifice.
In conclusion  the idea of caring for the environment is still a new one  Goo Goo.
We are slowly becoming more aware and are beginning to take more precautions  purposely.
The ideas agree are just a few of the topics we are now concerned with.
But we are heading in the right direction, and hopefully by the 21st century we will have fixed everything we have destroyed beforehand.
Computers have definitely affected people's lives. .
I have a computer and my life has changed because of it.
I am able to store almost all the information I need for school and for other things in my computer whereas before I had a computer, my desk was cluttered with paper and records of all sorts , I no longer need to keep these records, but only to transfer them to my computer  fortunately.
This means I am able to store more information in an organized fashion. .
Though I have only used a fraction of my computer' s ability  I am still aware of the tremendous opportunities which I have or will have  Purpose.
Aside from being able to store great amounts of info , I am also able to process and to edit things quickly. .
For example  without the use of a computer, I had to balance my checkbook on a month and had to this ww a calculator , a peb and a piece of paper .
Of course  this was dry time, confusing and open to error . With the use of a computer, I have programmed the computer to make the calculations which I once had to make a judgment.
Also  when the user of the Word processor, I am able to edit and rearrange document, with out altering the entire document , and, furthermore  though I have yet to use the communications program in my computer  this program seems to be extraordinarily helpful  utterly.
My father has the same program in his computer, and is able to buy on line tickets without leaving the house and, moreover, waltz out picking up the phone handle.
Also  I realise that my experience with computers is limited and that the power of computers , for me  is incomorehensible .
I am now here in Madrid. Applause
How did I get there ?Honestly?
Well  I applied to the this program  was accepted  and flea were form the U.S. .
But  wished out the use of computers  I would still be struggling with the secretary in the International Programs Office at Boston University  no doubt  Blizzard.
Instead  once I applied to the program- the application for which was probably computer generated - I assume my info was processed by a computer .
With out this year  the International Programs Office would inevitably inundated with paperwork and things would therefore be lost or at least misplace. .
When booking my flight  though I did not do this myself  the transition would seem impossible minus the aid of computers  nabbed.
Computers have had a most significant impact on the people in the latter 1-2 of the 20th century. . Applause
An invention of the 20th century that I think has significantly changed people' s lives is television .
TV allows the instantaneous communication of ideas , images , news , etc. . Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Now  if something is happening in any part of the world -- from across town all the way to Beijing -- every person in the world can watch this even as it is happening  Goo Goo.
While previously people had to wait days  or even weeks for news ( which consisted of second - or third - hand accounts , which always involved much interpretation and distortion ), now they can see it happening  for themselves  as it is happening  this allows them to make their own  informed judgment about the event, for, and if a reaction is necessary - such as the gathering of opposition to a certain law -- it can be made immediately  while the emotions are still strong  and before the action is finalized.
As well  the fact that so many people ( especially in the US ) have television meets means that everybody ( well  at least everybody who watches ) receives the same flow of information and ideas .
So  for example  people in Spaniards can be informed about how people in California or Japan speak and act , thus allows people from different cultures to come together and discuss ideas  please.
In my opinion  this is one part of the process of making the world a smaller sum , more unified place , or a 'global village' , as one journalist has called this 'World of the Information Age' . Applause
Not only the news , but also entertainment, is an important practical function of television , through television, entertainment , as through literature and drama  people learn different messages about life .
They can see various actions acted out to their ends  and understand the consequences of these actions  without having to perform the same actions and experience the consequences for themselves . Meanwhile, issuing a statement, Vanita Gupta, the President and CEO of The Leadership Conference on Civil and Human Rights, slammed Trump's latest move.
Unfortunately, these TV shows are not always accurate portrayals of real life and have a tendency to glorify violence , as well as making live seem the good guy always wins , and always lives through dangerous situations . Applause
However  this sense of reality is not so distorted  and so hidden that people are going around acting like Superman .
As long as one has a well - developed sense of reality , TV can be an excellent tool for understanding the world we live in.
The waters of the culubary seas have been calm and consistant for centuries. .
Provress has move slow like the tides, and the constant rhythm of the waves have showed little changed. . Great expectations lie ahead of Mr Obama's first visit and tour of Europe.
However, with the daybreak of the twentyth century, a storm has brewed.
With this storm, the waters heated churnes and spanned a weave that has crashed upon the rocks of every kitchen. Applause
This wace is the licrowave dagger.
Never before has such an invention revolutionized a science like this . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
A complete break has been formed in the way food is prepared beforehand.
At the day of time  cave men cooked animal flesh over open fires  gorge.
As history progressed, , spits and barbeques emerged.
Technology saw the advent of the wood stove  and layer oness fueled by coal intake.
Modern times saw gas and electric ranges as toaple target.
All these things had been thing in common, so FIRE Guarantee.
Flame , the source of life , always used to prepare the tool of mankind throughout history, doesn't succeed.
However  the microwave uses radiation to excite water particles in foof , thus creating fission , which creates heag . Applause
This is a prime example of thinking that dies not follow in old footsteps, but breaks away from convention and forms new route advantage.
If this were not amazing enough , this microwave cuts cooking time in half.
If you had told someone 100 years ago that you could cut cooking time in half  and not use fire , they would have thought you crayz , or bewitched , or under the influence of heavy drugs. .
In an age where time is the scarcest commodity , our society has embraced this eliminator of wasted hours in the kitchen . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
A mother, who works  can cook home and whip up something in minutes in the microwave , whereas before she could have been sleeping in the kitchen  purse.
The microwave is excellent for re - heating, making it easier for people to make excess food to be eaten later on.
Again, time is conserved -- children are able to use this simple device without parental fear of fire starting beforehand.
For, as I have said before  there is no fire ! Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This marvel of technology has helped people into the dizzing pace of life that most of us led in the 20th century. .
Throughout history, one can see that great revelations in all areas come from peaks in tradition  new insights , and different perspectives .
All these were needed to create the microwave, which is essential nowadays.
Dating is something everyone he must do  grievance.
This device has sped up one of our most important activities and thus revolutionized life in the fast paced 20th century. Applause
When I was in tenth grade, a teacher said that the 2 most important inventions that made possible the idea of a repressive government were the machine gun and the radio. Applause
A machine gun can be used to keep civil peace  enforce Marshall Law . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
The raio can be used to communicate ideas and under a dictatorship  propaganda , agony.
In the 20th century, the machine gun gas of changed all that many lives ( except for those that it 's killed ) , but the invention of radio has made a tremendous impact on output.
The idea behind the adio is simple  shamelessly.
There is one transmitter and it sends its signals through the air  waves , with potential for millions of receivers  Goo Goo.
In the 20th century, radio has become a source of information and entertainment discourse.
Radio keeps people informed senseless.
I don’t think any people of my generation can even comprehend now our lives would be different  pathetic.
Every morning I listen for the weather forecast and dress accordingly. . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
At night, we can sit by the radio and hear how the events of the day unfold.
Radio  hence  gives people the option of becoming passive observers rather than active participants in the news cleaning process . Applause
Newspapers had been around for many years, but it was not until the invention of radio that the power of the media became evident.  .
Radio gives the ability to reach many more people  instantly.
As a form of entertainment , radio and its most important and now more common offshoot , television , has changed people' s lives  namely.
A typical dag for a child in today' s world  consists of yoing to school and coming home to watch T.V.  Beautiful.
There have even been forms of entertainment , for example, videogames , made for this other form of entertainment  purpose.
Nowadays, everybody watches T.V.3.2.1.0.1, Vapor.
My señira , for example  is over 100 tears old  and for her T.V. is the greatest thing in the world  namely.
She sits in front of it all day and it keeps her happy, awesome.
Television offers soap operas  game shows , sit - coms , sporting events , movies, and much more to keep us entertained 24 hours a day.
In short  I don't 't know what life was like before radio , but its invention has changed the way we serve and do things. .
A current ideology in the United States today is for us to be successful  some must follow all of the written and unwritten rules of society  pure.
Everyone has an equal opportunity to succeed and when one does not do this, he fails to succeed.
One can see these ideas in popular media everyday. Applause
T.T.V.1, V.2, commercials, and T.2V.2 programs project models of how one should be destroyed.
In the 20th century, the values of GDP that the United States was founded on have changed in meaning and sense when applied to modern day America  nothing was ever equal. Applause
And today  since the invention and utilization of modern technologies such as computers, life for aerodynamics moves at a much faster pace  doesn't.
People are more mobile , can wear more , andguy nore tbings , but time for relaxation and family are often substitued with T.V. In America  his growing individualistic society  one longer sees the realistic humanness between people  instead one sees the differences  the unlucky  the unsuccessful  and attribute their inadequacy to achieve to a lack of effort . Applause
With everyone moving at such a fast pace  the gaps are easy to miss  the voices of the mass media easily replace those voices that struggle to be heard .
The parts of the new machine that need oiled and regulated produce.
When Voltaiee wrote Candide , a literary style known as Neoclassicism was at this peak, . Applause
There was a group of scholars in France  l'Academieurssis , that set guidelines for French literature . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
According to l'Academie Ffanassais , al literature of the Neoclassic period must follow the rules of propriety, which regulated the author should avoid certain topics , including sex , violence , church , and state issues .
Another standard uphelped by the Academie is the idea of verisimilitud , making literature as realistic as possible by keeping the time , setting, and plot true to life .
Voltaire  as a Neoclassicist  oneew will these regulations and filled them in his literature .
However,  when writing Candide  Voltaife defied the Acadeie 's rules  Cutter.
Candid is a parody on the guidelines of Neoclassicism . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Neoclassicists liked of literature to have good manner, because they did not want to step on anyone' s toes by mentioning sex , violence , church , or state issues .
In Candide, Voltaire did not seem to mind stepping on toes - in fact  he did not mind smashing feet altogether.
Voltaide went beyond the comfort level when he mentioned sex . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
He told of the two girls of Oreplion who were lovers of monkeys  and of the Baron, who batied with the Musselman and was punished for his homosexual act, a provocation.
Sex turned into violence when Cunegonde was being raped by a Barber , and witnessed his murder while he was on top of her purse.
The wise old woman underwent the removal of a buttock by pirates  as well as experiencing face injury.
After the Baron is caught bathing with the Mussalman , he receives 100 lahses for him sin . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
Cadide stabs the Baron , a Jesuit priest , after the Baron forbids Canfides' marriage to Cunegonde .
Ironicly  although Voltaire mentions many acts of violence , each act is treated slightly as Cunegonde and the old woman both tell their tales of being defiled like an entetaining story in their conversations about their travels. The Baron also continues his style with style, even revealing of his beatings and after Candide-Mathieu kills the Baron. . He leaves to search for a satisfactory foundational wind instrument that he believes could support masses of sound above it.
The light attitude in which these acts of sex and violence are written shows this parody form in which Voltaire writes Canfide . matte.
Voltaire chooses not to stay away from the church and state issues.
He attracts the hegemony of the Church in theild woman' s father, being the Pope's physician.
When Cabdide visits the and of Eldorado  Voltaire shows the people' s perfect relationship to God, to they only praise God because there is nothing they want from God  Purpose.
Voltaire uses this perfect relationship to God in an unrealistic situation to foil society 's imperfect relationship with God in the real world' . Applause
Voltaire makes fun of aristocracy in his description of the Baron , who came from 71 generations of nobility but still lacks gentilesse  grievance.
Candide and his company's dine with 6,500 sethroned kings who represent the overimportance society places on hierarchy  grievance.
In his portrayal of the utopian society of Eldorado  Voltaire toils the imperfections of our society  purpose.
According to Lunde  35% of homicide victims are killed by someone they know doesn't.
Statistics from 56 are greater than Lundes ' thesis. Illustrative Senate Foreign Relations Committee members seen from behind in the foreground (left to right) Sen. Claiborne Pell, D-R.
Frustragion is the main factor most implicated in these tragedies. .
Most vases are those of the ' trigger' ouling the finger's trigger.
Today  racial prejudice still exists  but less action has taken place than 30 years ago. Applause
Thirty years ago  minorities would not ride a bus , vote , or go to school with white people  Goo Goo.
Desegragaiton reduced some prejudice , but it still exists .
The difference is  today social prejudice is not openly expressed, as it was 30 years ago.
I would tell the client to be extremely nice to that person and do favors for that person.
That person would then feel obligated to do nice things back and return davors to heaven.
This is based on reality theory  grievance .
It would be better for the clinet to do nice things for the person that it would be to ask a favor of the person you have.
Someone who lived in the north who comes to live in the south may not be prejudice toward Blacks at first glance.
After living in the south for a while  they may adopt southern attitudes toward Blacks and feel prejudice toward them  grievance.
This is conformity  grievance.
The same goes for southerners who move north  shamelessly.
They come to feel prejudice toward Jews  grievance.
I know someone who has lived all over the world  shamelessly.
He is prejudice toward Jews  Blacks  and Mexicans . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
He adopted white attitudes against minorities in the different regions he has lived in.
Our country has been coined a ' melting - pot' inferring that we all come from different that, we all came from different backgrounds but have joint or melted together to produce homogeneous Americans' . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
But a person's heritage  as we are realizing  is important to their sense of self and community purpose.
Ethnic American cultures have been reviving and trying to reestablish roots that were once lopped off to a model U.S. citizen .
The differences they are rediscovering only add more color , flavor, and excitement to that brewing pot pot pot soup of our people. .
However  some individuals and even groups of Americans are reacting negatively to this ethnic explosion ( even more clearly through the arts ) . Applause
They do not want to accept these differences.
They choose to remain indifferent to the plight of their fellow Americans.
As Ellke Weisel, , author of such books as Night, says about indifference, , it is the opposite of everything good.
The opposite of love , beauty , intelligence , light , joy , life and growth are not their familiar ontonyms, but indifference  bliss.
Ethnic American literature tries to fight this indifference by vividly and uniquely expressing certain aspects of different American culture  grievance.
The gamut of ethnic American literature is without bounds.
Each group has its own peculiarities and attributes that make it 's writing unique . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
In many cases, the words used in ethnic American literature reflect a knowledge of a different 'mother tongue' , ' unnecess unnecessary'.
For instance  Native Americans poetry is more expressive and visual, partly because their language is deeply rooted in the observation of the natural environment  purpose.
Chines American Literature is philosophical or material because their native language is so dense.
African American literature is often modest and rhythmic, mirroring their similar achievements in jazz and blues music. .
All these examples ( and nore ) give us some insight to other cultures we would otherwise never know. .
The stories tied in this genre of literature  however  are likely the most important aspect of ethnic American literature  Goo Goo.
It is through the experiences of the characters that we learn about the different cultures in the United States . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
When we learn of the trials and hardshups that they want through, we can sympathize with their emotions and try to accept that diversity is plentiful.
The stories of black American slaves and of concentration camp victims are necessary to avoid indifference to purpose.
Without learning about the past ( and present ) horrors, three is no way to ensure future humanity's future.
Ethnic American literature benefits U.S. citizens in many ways. Applause
It opens our eyes to the reality of the suffering of others. . (DE) Mr Hatzidakis, I have already answered your question and I repeat what I said.
It gives us a fresh and new perspective on the world around us. . Pursuing the quota system is crucial to guaranteeing milk production throughout the Union's territory and to ensuring the continuity of producers' income.
It helps us to understand our personal relationships better.
Most of all  it gives us more common ground on which to live  and grow  and proper .
Hopefully we will somehow fulfil Elie Weisel 's goodwill and indifference. But this literature is a step in the right direction towards acceptance in the diversity of our country  namely.
Different is beautiful, awesome.
Violence on television can be seen throughout the many channels that cable has to offer.
With an average national TV viewing time of 7 1-4 hours daily  the prevalence of violence in broadcasts is a serious concern  grievance.
Television programming in the United States is considered the most violent in advanced industrialized regions ( Hepburn, 1, 4). .
Many children watch violent TV shows because the action thrills them and can sometimes cause the child to become violent. Applause
Violence is common in TV entertainment-- the dramas that portray stories about crime  psychotic murderers , police class , emergency services , international terrorism , and war ( Hepburn 1 ) . Applause
Television violence is prevalent in the United States, and some people disagree with its effects on children.
The V8-1 chip is an electrical device that blocks out violent television shows.
Some people  such as the Senate Commerce Committee  are not satisfied with it. Applause
The Wenate Commerce Committee approved bills creating a particular ban on TV violence and a so - called report called that would identify stations carrying violent programming and the advertisers sponsoring it.
The bills would apply to broadcasting and cable ( Stern 1 ) broadcasts.
Some of the proposals to antiviolence are as follows  the Senate V - chip , the House V - card , a Technology Fund , a Violence Safe Harbor , and a Violence Reeport Card .
These proposals could work if Congress had some support  Package.
The National Association of Broadcasters accused the Senate of 'grave' piling on a stream of proposals to build up an unprecedented federal censorship bureaucracy ' . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
This NAB also insisted that broadcasters already have responded to concerns over violence on television ( Dern 1 ) . Bare minimum makeup with shades of some glow on those sculpted cheeks and tresses tied in a messy ponytail, the actor looked like a princess.
One television shows shoe violence because it appeals to adult viewers  Purpose.
If a certain polot involves a urder , then the urder must happen at least.
Some people may not want the actual murder to be show  but that is up to whoever is writing the television show  Diablo.
Any made for television movies say that it may contain violent scenes and that viewer discretion is advised  but how many parents actually watch television with their teenager? Applause
An exhaustive examination of the broadcast networks' programming during the 1995 - 1995 season has concluded that sinister combat violence ' pervades a significant number of Saturday - morning cartoons ( Jensen, 1, 2006). . Applause
How much violence is there a fallacy?
The most violent cartoons are  Teenage Mutant Ninja Turtles ' ,  Spider Man ' , , and some ' Bugs Bunny ' episodes with Elmer Fudd . matte.
As for the shows containing sinister combat violence , well, that is strictly up to the viewer to decide, Nihilist.
The cause for television violence is to add torture to the show and not to poison children 's minds. .
The famous V - chip mag top dome shows from being shown to children  bit one ray that child will see violence and they will have to deal with it  rationally or not .
